Anything that is good and useful is made of chocolate.


/earth: file system full.


They're only trying to make me LOOK paranoid!


If there are epigrams, there must be meta-epigrams.


Pain is just God's way of hurting you.


	A novice asked the Master: "Here is a programmer that never designs,
documents, or tests his programs.  Yet all who know him consider him one of
the best programmers in the world.  Why is this?"
	The Master replies: "That programmer has mastered the Tao.  He has
gone beyond the need for design; he does not become angry when the system
crashes, but accepts the universe without concern.  He has gone beyond the
need for documentation; he no longer cares if anyone else sees his code.  He
has gone beyond the need for testing; each of his programs are perfect within
themselves, serene and elegant, their purpose self-evident.  Truly, he has
entered the mystery of the Tao."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


What good is a ticket to the good life,
if you can't find the entrance?


Heuristics are bug ridden by definition.
If they didn't have bugs, then they'd be algorithms.


Sometimes love ain't nothing but a misunderstanding between two fools.


Mystics always hope that science will some day overtake them.
		-- Booth Tarkington


	"Any news from the President on a successor?" he asked hopefully.
	"None," Anita replied.  "She's having great difficulty finding
someone qualified who is willing to accept the post."
	"Then I stay," said Dr. Fresh.  "I'm not good for much, but I
can at least make a decision."
	"Somewhere," he grumphed, "there must be a naive, opportunistic
young welp with a masochistic streak who would like to run the most
up-and-down bureaucracy in the history of mankind."
		-- R. L. Forward, "Flight of the Dragonfly"


He who is known as an early riser need not get up until noon.


If society fits you comfortably enough, you call it freedom.
		-- Robert Frost


Oh, yeah, life goes on, long after the thrill of livin' is gone.
		-- John Cougar, "Jack and Diane"


If a man loses his reverence for any part of life,
he will lose his reverence for all of life.
		-- Albert Schweitzer


The good Christian should beware of mathematicians and all those who
make empty prophecies.  The danger already exists that mathematicians
have made a covenant with the devil to darken the spirit and confine
man in the bonds of Hell.
		-- St. Augustine


Power corrupts.  Absolute power is kind of neat.
		-- John Lehman, Secretary of the Navy, 1981-1987


Our readers ask, "Why don't more WASPs go to orgies?"  Well, it's really
quite simple.  They don't want to have to write all those thank-you notes.


For example, if \thinmskip = 3mu, this makes \thickmskip = 6mu.  But if
you also want to use \skip12 for horizontal glue, whether in math mode or
not, the amount of skipping will be in points (e.g., 6pt).  The rule is
that glue in math mode varies with the size only when it is an \mskip;
when moving between an mskip and ordinary skip, the conversion factor
1mu=1pt is always used.  The meaning of '\mskip\skip12' and
'\baselineskip=\the\thickmskip' should be clear.
		-- Donald E. Knuth, TeX 82 -- Comparison with TeX80


Pohl's law:
	Nothing is so good that somebody, somewhere, will not hate it.


I think that I shall never see
A thing as lovely as a tree.
But as you see the trees have gone
They went this morning with the dawn.
A logging firm from out of town
Came and chopped the trees all down.
But I will trick those dirty skunks
And write a brand new poem called "Trunks."


The intelligence of any discussion diminishes with the square of the
number of participants.
		-- Adam Walinsky


Everybody knows that the dice are loaded.  Everybody rolls with their
fingers crossed.  Everybody knows the war is over.  Everybody knows the
good guys lost.  Everybody knows the fight was fixed: the poor stay
poor, the rich get rich.  That's how it goes.  Everybody knows.

Everybody knows that the boat is leaking.  Everybody knows the captain
lied.  Everybody got this broken feeling like their father or their dog
just died.

Everybody talking to their pockets.  Everybody wants a box of chocolates
and long stem rose.  Everybody knows.

Everybody knows that you love me, baby.  Everybody knows that you really
do.  Everybody knows that you've been faithful, give or take a night or
two.  Everybody knows you've been discreet, but there were so many people
you just had to meet without your clothes.  And everybody knows.

And everybody knows it's now or never.  Everybody knows that it's me or you.
And everybody knows that you live forever when you've done a line or two.
Everybody knows the deal is rotten: Old Black Joe's still pickin' cotton
for you ribbons and bows.  And everybody knows.
		-- Leonard Cohen, "Everybody Knows"


But sex and drugs and rock & roll, why, they'd bring our blackest day.


The difference between her and the Titanic is that only 1100 men
went down on the Titanic.


Men -- can't live with 'em, can't leave
'em by the curb when you're done.


NEWS FLASH!!
	Today the East German pole-vault champion
	became the West German pole-vault champion.


If it's worth hacking on well, it's worth hacking on for money.


My schoolmates would make love to anything that moved, but I never saw any
reason to limit myself.
		-- Emo Philips


Many are cold, but few are frozen.


Do not do unto others as you would they should do unto you.
Their tastes may not be the same.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


I had a feeling once about mathematics -- that I saw it all.  Depth beyond
depth was revealed to me -- the Byss and the Abyss. I saw -- as one might
see the transit of Venus or even the Lord Mayor's Show -- a quantity passing
through infinity and changing its sign from plus to minus.  I saw exactly
why it happened and why tergiversation was inevitable -- but it was after
dinner and I let it go.
		-- Winston Churchill


Macho does not prove mucho.
		-- Zsa Zsa Gabor


Stay the curse.


There's no real need to do housework -- after four years it doesn't get
any worse.


Some Harvard men, stalwart and hairy,
Drank up several bottles of sherry;
	In the Yard around three
	They were shrieking with glee:
"Come on out, we are burning a fairy!"
		-- Edward Gorey


If God is One, what is bad?
		-- Charles Manson


He who despises himself nevertheless esteems himself as a self-despiser.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


