The new cinematic emporium
Is not just a super-sensorium,
	But a highly effectual
	Heterosexual
Mutual masturbatorium.


It is far better to sleep with an old hen than pullet.


The cost of living hasn't affected its popularity.


The real reason large families benefit society is because at least
a few of the children in the world shouldn't be raised by beginners.


Factorials were someone's attempt to make math LOOK exciting.


Swipple's Rule of Order:
	He who shouts the loudest has the floor.


GIVE UP!!!!


There's a fine line between courage and foolishness.  Too bad it's not
a fence.


If you are honest because honesty is the best policy,
your honesty is corrupt.


Reporter:   "How did you like school when you were growing up, Yogi?"
Yogi Berra: "Closed."


I Can't Get Over You, So I Get Up and Go Around to the Other Side
If You Won't Leave Me Alone, I'll Find Someone Who Will
I Knew That You'd Committed a Sin When You Came Home Late With
	Your Socks Outside-in
I'm a Rabbit in the Headlights of Your Love
Don't Kick My Tires If You Ain't Gonna Take Me For a Ride
I Liked You Better Before I Knew You So Well
I Still Miss You, Baby, But My Aim's Gettin' Better
I've Got Red Eyes From Your White Lies and I'm Blue All the Time
		-- proposed Country-Western song titles from "Wordplay"


This is lemma 1.1.  We start a new chapter so the numbers all go back
to one.
		-- Prof. Seager, C&O 351


Democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half
of the people are right more than half of the time.
		-- E. B. White


Rembrandt's first name was Beauregard, which is why he never used
it.
		-- Dave Barry


I would like to know
What I was fencing in
And what I was fencing out.
		-- Robert Frost


To err is humor.


David Sarnoff, 1964: "The computer will become the hub of a vast network of
remote data stations and information banks feeding into the machine at
a transmission rate of a billion or more bits of information a
second. Laser channels will vastly increase both data capacity and the
speeds with which it will be transmitted.  Eventually, a global
communications network handling voice, data and facsimile will
instantly link man to machine--or machine to machine--by land, air,
underwater, and space circuits. [The computer] will affect man's
ways of thinking, his means of education, his relationship to his physical
and social environment, and it will alter his ways of living...
[Before the end of this century, these forces] will coalesce into what
unquestionably will become the greatest adventure of the human mind."
		-- Eugene Lyons, "David Sarnoff" 1966


Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend: and inside a dog,
it's too dark to read.
		-- Groucho Marx


Never try to explain computers to a layman.  It's easier to explain
sex to a virgin.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein

(Note, however, that virgins tend to know a lot about computers.)


I would gladly raise my voice in praise of women,
only they won't let me raise my voice.
		-- Winkle


Things are more like they used to be than they are now.


Beware of altruism.  It is based on self-deception, the root of all
evil.


God may be subtle, but He isn't plain mean.
		-- Albert Einstein


"You are old," said the youth, "as I mentioned before,
	And have grown most uncommonly fat;
Yet you turned a back-somersault in at the door --
	Pray what is the reason of that?"

"In my youth," said the sage, as he shook his grey locks,
	"I kept all my limbs very supple
By the use of this ointment -- one shilling the box --
	Allow me to sell you a couple?"
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


Alas, I am dying beyond my means.
		-- Oscar Wilde [as he sipped champagne on his deathbed]


Before borrowing money from a friend, decide which you need more.
		-- Addison H. Hallock


Immanuel Kant but Kubla Khan.


Portable, adj.:
	Survives system reboot.


Do married women make the best wives?


You are a bundle of energy, always on the go.


LIGHTHOUSE:
	A tall building on the seashore in which the government
	maintains a lamp and the friend of a politician.


Go slowly to the entertainments of thy friends,
but quickly to their misfortunes.
		-- Chilo


The gods gave man fire and he invented fire engines.
They gave him love and he invented marriage.


Make sure your code does nothing gracefully.


Arrakis teaches the attitude of the knife - chopping off what's
incomplete and saying: "Now it's complete because it's ended here."
		-- Muad'dib, "Dune"


Watership Down:
You've read the book.  You've seen the movie.  Now eat the stew!


I was in a beauty contest once.  I not only came in last, I was hit in
the mouth by Miss Congeniality.
		-- Phyllis Diller


1. Never give anything away for nothing.  2. Never give more than
you have to (always catch the buyer hungry and always make him wait).
3. Always take back everything if you possibly can.
		-- William S. Burroughs, on drug pushing


Marriage is a ghastly public confession of a strictly private intention.


Where there's a will, there's a relative.


Anyway, I keep picturing all these little kids playing some game in this
big field of rye and all.  Thousands of little kids, and nobody's around --
nobody big, I mean -- except me.  And I'm standing on the edge of some crazy
cliff.  What I have to do, I have to catch everybody if they start to go
over the cliff -- I mean if they're running and they don't look where they're
going I have to come out from somewhere and catch them.  That's all I'd do
all day.  I'd just be the catcher in the rye.  I know it;  I know it's crazy,
but that's the only thing I'd really like to be.  I know it's crazy.
		-- J. D. Salinger, "Catcher in the Rye"


Did you ever wonder what you'd say to God if He sneezed?


A Tale of Two Cities LITE(tm)
	-- by Charles Dickens

	A man in love with a girl who loves another man who looks just
	like him has his head chopped off in France because of a mean
	lady who knits.

Crime and Punishment LITE(tm)
	-- by Fyodor Dostoyevsky

	A man sends a nasty letter to a pawnbroker, but later
	feels guilty and apologizes.

The Odyssey LITE(tm)
	-- by Homer

	After working late, a valiant warrior gets lost on his way home.


QOTD:
	"Dead people are good at running because they don't
	have to stop and breathe."
		-- Hokey, watching "Night of the Living Dead"


IBM: It may be slow, but it's hard to use.


Many are cold, but few are frozen.


Q:	What do you call couples that use that rhythm method?
A:	Parents.


Old Mother Hubbard lived in a shoe,
She had so many children,
She didn't know what to do.
So she moved to Atlanta.


The first Great Steward, Parrafin the Climber, was employed in King
Chloroplast's kitchen as second scullery boy when the old King met a
tragic death.  He apparently fell backward by accident on a dozen salad
forks.  Simultaneously the true heir, his son Carotene, mysteriously
fled the city, complaining of some sort of plot and a lot of
threatening notes left on his breakfast tray.  At the time, this looked
suspicious what with his father's death, and Carotene was suspected of
foul play.  Then the rest of the King's relatives began to drop dead
one after the other in an odd fashion.  Some were found strangled with
dishrags and some succumbed to food poisoning.  A few were found
drowned in the soup vats, and one was attacked by assailants unknown
and beaten to death with a pot roast.  At least three appear to have
thrown themselves backward on salad forks, perhaps in a noble gesture
of grief over the King's untimely end.  Finally there was no one left
in Minas Troney who was either eligible or willing to wear the accursed
crown, and the rule of Twodor was up for grabs.  The scullery slave
Parrafin bravely accepted the Stewardship of Twodor until that day when
a lineal descendant of Carotene's returns to reclaim his rightful
throne, conquer Twodor's enemies, and revamp the postal system.
		-- Harvard Lampoon, "Bored of the Rings"


Hear about...
	the sultan who had ten wives, nine of them had it soft.


The first guy that rats gets a bellyful of slugs in the head.  Understand?
		-- Joey Glimco, trade unionist


*** NEWS FLASH ***

Archaeologists find PDP-11/24 inside brain cavity of fossilized dinosaur
skeleton!  Many Digital users fear that RSX-11M may be even more primitive
than DEC admits.  Price adjustments at 11:00.


I'd love to kiss you, but I just washed my hair.
		-- Bette Davis, "Cabin in the Cotton"


Mount St. Helens should have used earth control.


And now your toner's toney,		Disk blocks aplenty
And your paper near pure white,		Await your laser drawn lines,
The smudges on your soul are gone	Your intricate fonts,
And your output's clean as light..	Your pictures and signs.

We've labored with your father,		Your amputative absence
The venerable XGP,			Has made the Ten dumb,
But his slow artistic hand,		Without you, Dover,
Lacks your clean velocity.		We're system untounged-

Theses and papers			DRAW Plots and TEXage
And code in a queue			Have been biding their time,
Dover, oh Dover,			With LISP code and programs,
We've been waiting for you.		And this crufty rhyme.

Dover, oh Dover,		Dover, oh Dover, arisen from dead.
We welcome you back,		Dover, oh Dover, awoken from bed.
Though still you may jam,	Dover, oh Dover, welcome back to the Lab.
You're on the right track.	Dover, oh Dover, we've missed your clean
					hand...


The heart has its reasons which reason knows nothing of.
		-- Blaise Pascal


Demographic polls show that you have lost credibility across the
board.  Especially with those 14 year-old Valley girls.


Prunes give you a run for your money.


The only way for writers to meet is to share a quick pee over a common
lamp-post.
		-- Cyril Connolly, "Journal and Memoir"


Certainly the game is rigged.
Don't let that stop you; if you don't bet, you can't win.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein, "Time Enough For Love"


Entropy isn't what it used to be.


Seems this guy notices a young nun sitting on the bus; through her heavy veil
he just spots a glimmer of her face.  Gorgeous!  She moves, and her vestments
cannot hide the fact she has a truly phenomenal body.  The guy gets more and
more excited until he finally approaches the nun and tells "Sister, please
believe me, I don't normally do this sort of thing, but I think I love you.
Could we maybe talk?"
	The nun almost runs off the bus.  As the young man's stop comes up,
the bus driver asks the guy if he was the person bothering the nun.  The man
starts apologizing, but the bus driver interrupts him.  "No, don't apologize,
I was checking her out myself.  Listen, you see where she got on?  She goes
there every day, to a little park.  Why don't you meet here there?"
	Sure enough, the man goes to the park the next day and there's the nun
in a secluded grove of trees.  He approaches her, and she seems, although shy,
much more willing to talk.  After an hour of cautious talk, he asks her if
she'd be willing to make love with him.  She blushes, smiles, blushes again
and says "yes".  But that she doesn't dare risk getting pregnant, so it would
have to be the "back door".
	As they start to make love, the young man is overcome with guilt;
panting, he says, "Sister, I have to tell you, I'm the guy who was annoying
you on the bus yesterday.
	Replies the nun, "Well, that's okay.  I'm not really a nun.  I'm
actually the bus driver."


One of the first things school children in Texas learn is how to
compose a simple declarative sentence without the word "shit" in it.


Ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny.


Men seldom show dimples to girls who have pimples.


While he was in New York on location for _Bronco Billy_ (1980), Clint
Eastwood agreed to a television interview.  His host, somewhat hostile,
began by defining a Clint Eastwood picture as a violent, ruthless,
lawless, and bloody piece of mayhem, and then asked Eastwood himself to
define a Clint Eastwood picture.  "To me," said Eastwood calmly, "what
a Clint Eastwood picture is, is one that I'm in."
		-- Boller and Davis, "Hollywood Anecdotes"


The only really masterful noise a man makes in a house is the noise
of his key, when he is still on the landing, fumbling for the lock.
		-- Colette


If that makes any sense to you, you have a big problem.
		-- C. Durance, Computer Science 234


There are three reasons for becoming a writer: the first is that you need
the money; the second that you have something to say that you think the
world should know; the third is that you can't think what to do with the
long winter evenings.
		-- Quentin Crisp


A Polish worker walks into a bank to deposit his paycheck.  He has heard
about Poland's economic problems, and he asks what would happen to his
money if the bank collapsed.  "All of our deposits are guaranteed by the
finance ministry, sir," the teller replies.
	"But what if the finance ministry goes broke?" the worker asks.
	"Then the government will intercede to protect the working class,"
the teller says.
	"But what if the government goes broke?" the worker asks.
	"Our socialist comrades in the Soviet Union naturally will come
to our assistance," the teller responds with growing irritation.
	"And if the Soviet Union goes broke?" the worker asks.
	"Idiot!" the teller snorts. "Isn't that worth losing one lousy
paycheck?"
		-- Making the rounds in Warsaw, 1984


I hope you're not pretending to be evil while
secretly being good.  That would be dishonest.


Coitus upon a cadaver
Is the ultimate way you can have 'er.
	Her inanimate state
	Means a man needn't wait,
And eliminates all the palaver.


A [golf] ball sliced or hooked into the rough shall be lifted and placed in
the fairway at a point equal to the distance it carried or rolled into the
rough.  Such veering right or left frequently results from friction between
the face of the club and the cover of the ball and the player should not be
penalized for the erratic behavior of the ball resulting from such
uncontrollable physical phenomena.
		-- Donald A. Metz


As crazy as hauling timber into the woods.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Shaw's Principle:
	Build a system that even a fool can use, and only a fool will
	want to use it.


I went into a general store ... they wouldn't sell me anything specific.
		-- Steven Wright


Praise the sea; on shore remain.
		-- John Florio


Whenever I date a guy, I think, is this the man I want my children
to spend their weekends with?
		-- Rita Rudner


LA:
	Where the only way to determine that the seasons have changed
	is to note that people have changed the main topic of conversation.
	From mud slides to brush fires.


[From the operation manual for the CI-300 Dot Matrix Line Printer, made
in Japan]:

The excellent output machine of MODEL CI-300 as extraordinary DOT
MATRIX LINE PRINTER, built in two MICRO-PROCESSORs as well as EAROM, is
featured by permitting wonderful co-existence such as; "high quality
against low cost", "diversified functions with compact design",
"flexibility in accessibleness and durability of approx. 2000,000,00
Dot/Head", "being sophisticated in mechanism but possibly agile
operating under noises being extremely suppressed" etc.

And as a matter of course, the final goal is just simply to help
achieve "super shuttle diplomacy" between cool data, perhaps earned by
HOST COMPUTER, and warm heart of human being.


It is not for me to attempt to fathom the
inscrutable workings of Providence.
		-- The Earl of Birkenhead


Bagbiter:
	1. n.; Equipment or program that fails, usually
intermittently.  2. adj.:  Failing hardware or software.  "This
bagbiting system won't let me get out of spacewar."  Usage:  verges on
obscenity.  Grammatically separable; one may speak of "biting the
bag".  Synonyms: LOSER, LOSING, CRETINOUS, BLETCHEROUS, BARFUCIOUS,
CHOMPER, CHOMPING.


Clairvoyant, n.:
	A person, commonly a woman, who has the power of seeing that
	which is invisible to her patron -- namely, that he is a
	blockhead.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


This system goes down more often than a two-dollar whore.


I'd love to kiss you, but I just washed my hair.
		-- Bette Davis, "Cabin in the Cotton"


A programmer is a person who passes as an exacting expert on the basis of
being able to turn out, after innumerable punching, an infinite series of
incomprehensible answers calculated with micrometric precisions from vague
assumptions based on debatable figures taken from inconclusive documents
and carried out on instruments of problematical accuracy by persons of
dubious reliability and questionable mentality for the avowed purpose of
annoying and confounding a hopelessly defenseless department that was
unfortunate enough to ask for the information in the first place.
		-- IEEE Grid newsmagazine


Hard work may not kill you, but why take the chance?


Dear Emily:
	Today I posted an article and forgot to include my signature.
What should I do?
		-- Forgetful

Dear Forgetful:
	Rush to your terminal right away and post an article that says,
"Oops, I forgot to post my signature with that last article.  Here
it is."
	Since most people will have forgotten your earlier article,
(particularly since it dared to be so boring as to not have a nice, juicy
signature) this will remind them of it.  Besides, people care much more
about the signature anyway.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette


This is your fortune.


Research is to see what everybody else has seen,
and think what nobody else has thought.


You are standing on my toes.


Two is not equal to three, even for large values of two.


Tip O'Neill is just like Congress; old, fat and out of control.
		-- J. LeBoutillier


Attorney General Edwin Meese III explained why the Supreme Court's Miranda
decision (holding that subjects have a right to remain silent and have a
lawyer present during questioning) is unnecessary: "You don't have many
suspects who are innocent of a crime.  That's contradictory.  If a person
is innocent of a crime, then he is not a suspect."
		-- U.S. News and World Report, 10/14/85


The best way to avoid responsibility is to say, "I've got responsibilities."


For the sores on his prick he used Dial.
That failed; he gave Lava a trial.
	But the one remedy
	For contagious V.D.
Is the wonder drug sulfa-denial.


I have found little that is good about human beings.  In my experience
most of them are trash.
		-- Sigmund Freud


Not that we needed all that stuff, but when you get locked into a
serious drug collection the tendency is to push it as far as you can.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas"


The most difficult years of marriage are those following the wedding.


You enjoy the company of other people.


The Modelski Chain Rule:
1:	Look intently at the problem for several minutes.  Scratch your
	head at 20-30 second intervals.  Try solving the problem on your
	Hewlett-Packard.
2:	Failing this, look around at the class.  Select a particularly
	bright-looking individual.
3:	Procure a large chain.
4:	Walk over to the selected student and threaten to beat him severely
	with the chain unless he gives you the answer to the problem.
	Generally, he will.  It may also be a good idea to give him a sound
	thrashing anyway, just to show you mean business.


My first basename is George "Catfish" Metkovich from our 1952 Pittsburgh
Pirates team, which lost 112 games.  After a terrible series against the
New York Giants, in which our center fielder made three throwing errors
and let two balls get through his legs, manager Billy Meyer pleaded, "Can
somebody think of something to help us win a game?"
	"I'd like to make a suggestion," Metkovich said.  "On any ball hit
to center field, let's just let it roll to see if it might go foul."
		-- Joe Garagiola, "It's Anybody's Ball Game"


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Man:

 1. A beer NEVER leaves the toilet seat up.
 2. A beer lasts longer than seven seconds.
 3. A beer doesn't want to watch pro wrestling.
 4. A beer won't expect you to cook dinner when you're not hungry.
 5. A beer will never leave dirty socks on the floor.
 6. A beer doesn't mind when your mother visits.
 7. A beer does as many chores as a man, with a LOT less complaining.
 8. A beer won't leave you for a younger woman.
 9. A beer won't leave you for a younger man either.
10. A beer won't tease you because you once liked Barry Manilow.


"My country, right or wrong," is a thing that no patriot would
think of saying except in a desperate case.  It is like saying,
"My mother, drunk or sober."
		-- G. K. Chesterton


You got to pay your dues if you want to sing the blues,
And you know it don't come easy ...
I don't ask for much, I only want trust,
And you know it don't come easy ...


Love is the desire to prostitute oneself.  There is, indeed, no exalted
pleasure that cannot be related to prostitution.
		-- Charles Baudelaire


Get Revenge!  Live long enough to be a problem for your children!


There's such a thing as too much point on a pencil.
		-- H. Allen Smith, "Let the Crabgrass Grow"


If at first you do succeed, try to hide your astonishment.


All my friends are getting married,
Yes, they're all growing old,
They're all staying home on the weekend,
They're all doing what they're told.


The human brain is a wonderful thing.  It starts working the moment
you are born, and never stops until you stand up to speak in public.
		-- Sir George Jessel


Lawrence Radiation Laboratory keeps all its data in an old gray trunk.


Stalin was dying, and summoned Khruschev to his bedside.  Wheezing his last
words with difficulty, Stalin tells Khruschev, "The reins of the country are
now in your hands.  But before I go, I want to give you some advice."
	"Yes, yes, what is it?" says Khruschev, impatiently.  Reaching under
his pillow, Stalin produced two envelopes labeled #1 and #2.
	"Take these letters," he tells Khruschev. "Keep them safely -- don't
open them.  Only if the country is in turmoil and things aren't going well,
open the first one.  That'll give you some advice on what to do.  And, if
after that, if things start getting REALLY bad, open the second one."  And
with a gasp Stalin breathed his last.
	Well, within a few years Khruschev started having problems --
unemployment increased, crops failed, people became restless.  He decided it
was time to open the first letter.  All it said was: "Blame everything on me!"
So Khruschev launched a massive deStalinization campaign, and blamed Stalin
for all the excesses and purges and ills of the present system.
	But things continued on the downslide, and, finally, after much
deliberation, Khruschev opened the second letter.
	All it said was: "Write two letters."


Whistler's Law:
	You never know who is right, but you always know who is in charge.


If I had done everything I'm credited with, I'd be speaking to you from
a laboratory jar at Harvard.
		-- Frank Sinatra

AS USUAL, YOUR INFORMATION STINKS.
		-- Frank Sinatra, telegram to "Time" magazine


You should, without hesitation, pound your typewriter into a
plowshare, your paper into fertilizer, and enter agriculture.
		-- Business Professor, University of Georgia


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(15) The Peace Movement in the United States was, whether by accident or
     design, pro-communist.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


		William Safire's Rules for Writers:

Remember to never split an infinitive.  The passive voice should never
be used.  Do not put statements in the negative form.  Verbs has to
agree with their subjects.  Proofread carefully to see if you words
out.  If you reread your work, you can find on rereading a great deal
of repetition can be avoided by rereading and editing.  A writer must
not shift your point of view.  And don't start a sentence with a
conjunction.  (Remember, too, a preposition is a terrible word to end a
sentence with.)  Don't overuse exclamation marks!!  Place pronouns as
close as possible, especially in long sentences, as of 10 or more
words, to their antecedents.  Writing carefully, dangling participles
must be avoided.  If any word is improper at the end of a sentence, a
linking verb is.  Take the bull by the hand and avoid mixing
metaphors.  Avoid trendy locutions that sound flaky.  Everyone should
be careful to use a singular pronoun with singular nouns in their
writing.  Always pick on the correct idiom.  The adverb always follows
the verb.  Last but not least, avoid cliches like the plague; seek
viable alternatives.


In an age when the fashion is to be in love with yourself, confessing to
be in love with somebody else is an admission of unfaithfulness to one's
beloved.
		-- Russell Baker


Anything cut to length will be too short.


Very few modern women either like or desire marriage, especially after the
ceremony has been performed.  Primarily women wish attention and affection.
Matrimony is something they accept when there is no alternative.  Really,
it is a waste of time, and hazardous, to marry them.  It leaves one open
to a rival.  Husbands, good or bad, always have rivals.  Lovers, never.
		-- Helen Lawrenson, "Esquire"


I used to live in a house by the freeway.  When I went anywhere, I had
to be going 65 MPH by the end of my driveway.

I replaced the headlights in my car with strobe lights.  Now it looks
like I'm the only one moving.

I was pulled over for speeding today.  The officer said, "Don't you know
the speed limit is 55 miles an hour?"  And I said, "Yes, but I wasn't going
to be out that long."

I put a new engine in my car, but didn't take the old one out.  Now
my car goes 500 miles an hour.
		-- Steven Wright


We are all born equal... just some of us are more equal than others.


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

There has been some confusion concerning MAPCAR.
	(DEFUN MAPCAR (&FUNCTIONAL FCN &EVAL &REST LISTS)
		(PROG (V P LP)
		(SETQ P (LOCF V))
	L	(SETQ LP LISTS)
		(%START-FUNCTION-CALL FCN T (LENGTH LISTS) NIL)
	L1	(OR LP (GO L2))
		(AND (NULL (CAR LP)) (RETURN V))
		(%PUSH (CAAR LP))
		(RPLACA LP (CDAR LP))
		(SETQ LP (CDR LP))
		(GO L1)
	L2	(%FINISH-FUNCTION-CALL FCN T (LENGTH LISTS) NIL)
		(SETQ LP (%POP))
		(RPLACD P (SETQ P (NCONS LP)))
		(GO L)))
We hope this clears up the many questions we've had about it.


Then there was the guy that got badly messed up fighting
for his girl's honor.  It seems she wanted to keep it.


Under every stone lurks a politician.
		-- Aristophanes


Now hear this fair lass from Rhode Isle
Who said with a wink and a smile,
	"Sure, please stick it in,
	Be it thick be it thin,
But if's rough I won't do as a file."


The IBM purchase of ROLM gives new meaning to the term "twisted pair".
		-- Howard Anderson, "Yankee Group"


This must be morning.  I never could get the hang of mornings.


The prick of the engineer, Scott,
Fell off from Saturnian rot.
	He went to the basement
	And made a replacement
Of tungsten and plastic and snot.


I dined with Lord Hughing Fitz-Bluing
Who said, "Do you squirm when you're screwing?"
	I replied, "Simple shagging
	Without any wagging
Is only for screwing canoeing."


Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody may be looking.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "A Mencken Chrestomathy"


It got to the point where I had to get a haircut
or both feet firmly planted in the air.


The meek inherit the earth -- usually in small sections... about 6 by 3.


The trouble with superheros is what to do between phone booths.
		-- Ken Kesey


Q:	What's a light-year?
A:	One-third less calories than a regular year.


Hear about...
	the fellow who got ten years for pumping Ethyl behind the station?


My weight is perfect for my height -- which varies.


For a holy stint, a moth of the cloth gave up his woolens for lint.


Bagbiter:
	1. n.; Equipment or program that fails, usually
intermittently.  2. adj.:  Failing hardware or software.  "This
bagbiting system won't let me get out of spacewar."  Usage:  verges on
obscenity.  Grammatically separable; one may speak of "biting the
bag".  Synonyms: LOSER, LOSING, CRETINOUS, BLETCHEROUS, BARFUCIOUS,
CHOMPER, CHOMPING.


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #19
	A Los Angeles judge ruled that "a citizen may snore with immunity in
his own home, even though he may be in possession of unusual and exceptional
ability in that particular field."


Program, n.:
	A magic spell cast over a computer allowing it to turn one's input
	into error messages.  tr.v. To engage in a pastime similar to banging
	one's head against a wall, but with fewer opportunities for reward.


We have no scorched earth policy.
We have a policy of scorched Communists.
		-- General Efrain Rios Montt, President of Guatemala, 1982


In Xanadu did Kubla Khan a stately pleasure dome decree
But only if the NFL to a franchise would agree.


Advice to young men: Be ascetic, and if you can't be ascetic,
then at least be aseptic.


Princeton's taste is sweet like a strawberry tart.  Harvard's is a subtle
taste, like whiskey, coffee, or tobacco.  It may even be a bad habit, for
all I know.
		-- Prof. J. H. Finley '25


	She said, "I know you ... you cannot sing."
	I said, "That's nothing, you should hear me play piano."
		-- Morrisey


