Mother is far too clever to understand anything she does not like.
		-- Arnold Bennett


I am a bookaholic.  If you are a decent
person, you will not sell me another book.


Democracy is the name we give the people whenever we need them.
		-- Arman de Caillavet, 1913


You should go home.


The fellow sat down at a bar, ordered a drink and asked the bartender if he
wanted to hear a dumb-jock joke.
	"Hey, buddy," the bartender replied, "you see those two guys next to
you?  They used to be with the Chicago Bears.  The two dudes behind you made
the U.S. Olympic wrestling team.  And for you information, I used to play
center at Notre Dame."
	"Forget it," the customer said.  "I don't want to explain it five
times."


I have to convince you, or at least snow you ...
		-- Prof. Romas Aleliunas, CS 435


Miksch's Law:
	If a string has one end, then it has another end.


Today is what happened to yesterday.


How many priests are needed for a Boston Mass?


Nobody ever died from oven crude poisoning.


The Moral Majority is neither.


If ignorance is bliss, why aren't there more happy people?


Management:	How many feet do mice have?
Reply:		Mice have four feet.
M:	Elaborate!
R:	Mice have five appendages, and four of them are feet.
M:	No discussion of fifth appendage!
R:	Mice have five appendages; four of them are feet; one is a tail.
M:	What?  Feet with no legs?
R:	Mice have four legs, four feet, and one tail per unit-mouse.
M:	Confusing -- is that a total of 9 appendages?
R:	Mice have four leg-foot assemblies and one tail assembly per body.
M:	Does not fully discuss the issue!
R:	Each mouse comes equipped with four legs and a tail.  Each leg
	is equipped with a foot at the end opposite the body; the tail
	is not equipped with a foot.
M:	Descriptive?  Yes.  Forceful NO!
R:	Allotment of appendages for mice will be:  Four foot-leg assemblies,
	one tail.  Deviation from this policy is not permitted as it would
	constitute misapportionment of scarce appendage assets.
M:	Too authoritarian; stifles creativity!
R:	Mice have four feet; each foot is attached to a small leg joined
	integrally with the overall mouse structural sub-system.  Also
	attached to the mouse sub-system is a thin tail, non-functional and
	ornamental in nature.
M:	Too verbose/scientific.  Answer the question!
R:	Mice have four feet.


If God had meant for Texans to ski he would have made bullshit white.


I'm going to raise an issue and stick it in your ear.
		-- John Foreman


Save a mouse, eat a pussy!


Quickie, n.:
	A moment's piece.


Girls are like pianos.  When they're not upright, they're grand!


Journalism is literature in a hurry.
		-- Matthew Arnold


Swerve me?  The path to my fixed purpose is laid with iron rails,
whereon my soul is grooved to run.  Over unsounded gorges, through
the rifled hearts of mountains, under torrents' beds, unerringly
I rush!
		-- Captain Ahab, "Moby Dick"


Oh, wow!  Look at the moon!


In the misfortune of our friends we find something that is not
displeasing to us.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld, "Maxims"


Don't hit the keys so hard, it hurts.


To teach is to learn.


Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear -- not absence of fear.
		-- Mark Twain


I've enjoyed just about as much of this as I can stand.


I would rather be a serf in a poor man's house
and be above ground than reign among the dead.
		-- Achilles, "The Odyssey", XI, 489-91


No problem is insoluble in all conceivable circumstances.


The turtle lives 'twixt plated decks
Which practically conceal its sex.
I think it clever of the turtle
In such a fix to be so fertile.
		-- Ogden Nash


XIIdigitation, n.:
	The practice of trying to determine the year a movie was made
	by deciphering the Roman numerals at the end of the credits.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


I've given up reading books; I find it takes my mind off myself.


Blue paint today.
		[Funny to Jack Slingwine, Guy Harris and Hal Pierson.  Ed.]


In Tulsa, Oklahoma, it is against the law to open a soda bottle without
the supervision of a licensed engineer.


Q:	What's bruised, bleeding, and lies in a ditch?
A:	Somebody who tells Aggie jokes.


The bottom-up approach always gets me buggered.
		-- Sidney J. Hurtubise


Anyone stupid enough to be caught by the police is probably guilty.


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #13 -- SLOBOL

	SLOBOL is best known for the speed, or lack of it, of its compiler.
Although many compilers allow you to take a coffee break while they compile,
SLOBOL compilers allow you to travel to Bolivia to pick the beans.  Forty-
three programmers are known to have died of boredom sitting at their terminals
while waiting for a SLOBOL program to compile.  Weary SLOBOL programmers
often turn to a related (but infinitely faster) language, COCAINE.


Oh, I'm looking over, my dead dog Rover,
That got run over with my mower.
One leg is missing, and one other is gone,
The fourth one is scattered all over the lawn.
It's no use explain'n, the one remaining,
It landed by the kitchen door.
Oh, I'm looking over, my dead dog rover,
that ain't gonna walk no more...
		-- Tune is something about a four-leaf clover


The one charm of marriage is that it makes a life of deception a necessity.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Test makers do it:
	A: sometimes
	B: always
	C: never
	D: none of the above.


It is perfectly permissible for every system call to fail with [ENOTADUCK]
unless the first five bytes of the caller's address space contain the
word "quack".
		-- Garrett Wollman


Nothing is so firmly believed as that which we least know.
		-- Michel de Montaigne


The more laws and order are made prominent,
the more thieves and robbers there will be.
		-- Lao Tsu


The more you complain, the longer God lets you live.


If women ran the military complex, would the missiles be shaped differently?


You are absolute plate-glass. I see to the very back of your mind.
		-- Sherlock Holmes


There was a plane crash over mid-ocean, and only three survivors were
left in the life-raft: the Pope, the President, and Mayor Daley.
Unfortunately, it was a one-man life-raft, and quickly sinking, so
they started debating who should be allowed to stay.  The Pope pointed
out that he was the spiritual leader of millions all over the world,
the President explained that if he died then America would be stuck
with the Vice-President, and so forth.  Then Mayor Daley said, "Look!
We're not solving anything like this!  The only fair thing to do is
to vote on it."  So they did, and Mayor Daley won by 97 votes.


Some people carve careers, others chisel them.


There is only one way to kill capitalism --
by taxes, taxes, and more taxes.
		-- Karl Marx


Man has made his bedlam; let him lie in it.
		-- Fred Allen


Do your otters do the shimmy?
Do they like to shake their tails?
Do your wombats sleep in tophats?
Is your garden full of snails?


I was a cock-teaser at Rooster Rama.
I used to enrage the bantams before the big bouts.
		-- The Firesign Theatre


The Great Bald Swamp Hedgehog:
	The Great Bald Swamp Hedgehog of Billericay displays, in
courtship, his single prickle and does impressions of Holiday Inn desk
clerks.  Since this means him standing motionless for enormous periods
of time he is often eaten in full display by The Great Bald Swamp
Hedgehog Eater.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


I woke up a feelin' mean
went down to play the slot machine
the wheels turned round,
and the letters read
"Better head back to Tennessee Jed"
		-- Grateful Dead


If every kid had a funny tooth to bite down on whenever the world disappointed
him, prussic acid could solve our population problems in one generation.
		-- G. C. Edmonson's Albert, "The Man Who Corrupted Earth"


Law of the Jungle:
	He who hesitates is lunch.


Whenever I date a guy, I think, is this the man I want my children
to spend their weekends with?
		-- Rita Rudner


	Seems George was playing his usual eighteen holes on Saturday
afternoon.  Teeing off from the 17th, he sliced into the rough over near
the edge of the fairway.  Just as he was about to chip out, he noticed a
long funeral procession going past on a nearby street.  Reverently, George
removed his hat and stood at attention until the procession had passed.
Then he continued his game, finishing with a birdie on the eighteenth.
Later, at the clubhouse, a fellow golfer greet George.  "Say, that was a
nice gesture you made today, George.
	"What do you mean?" asked George.
	"Well, it was nice of you to take off your cap and stand
respectfully when that funeral went by," the friend replied.
	"Oh, yes," said George.  "Well, we were married 17 years, you
know."


	Old Barlow was a crossing-tender at a junction where an express train
demolished an automobile and its occupants. Being the chief witness, his
testimony was vitally important. Barlow explained that the night was dark,
and he waved his lantern frantically, but the driver of the car paid
no attention to the signal.
	The railroad company won the case, and the president of the company
complimented the old-timer for his story. "You did wonderfully," he said,
"I was afraid you would waver under testimony."
	"No sir," exclaimed the senior, "but I sure was afraid that durned
lawyer was gonna ask me if my lantern was lit."


Support the right of unborn males to bear arms!
		-- A public service announcement from Phyllis Schlafly,
		   the Catholic Church, and the National Rifle
		   Association


The strong individual loves the earth so much he lusts for recurrence.  He
can smile in the face of the most terrible thought: meaningless, aimless
existence recurring eternally.  The second characteristic of such a man is
that he has the strength to recognize -- and to live with the recognition --
that the world is valueless in itself and that all values are human ones.
He creates himself by fashioning his own values; he has the pride to live
by the values he wills.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Behold the unborn fetus and
	Weep salt tears crocodilian;
All life is sacred (save, of course,
	An enemy civilian).


The sudden sight of me causes panic in the streets. They have
yet to learn - only the savage fears what he does not understand.
		-- The Silver Surfer


The next person to mention spaghetti stacks
to me is going to have his head knocked off.
		-- Bill Conrad


Politician, n.:
	From the Greek "poly" ("many") and the French "tete" ("head" or
	"face," as in "tete-a-tete": head to head or face to face).
	Hence "polytetien", a person of two or more faces.
		-- Martin Pitt


1893 The ideal brain tonic
1900 Drink Coca-Cola -- delicious and refreshing -- 5 cents at all
	soda fountains
1905 Is the favorite drink for LADIES when thirsty -- weary -- despondent
1905 Refreshes the weary, brightens the intellect and clears the brain
1906 The drink of QUALITY
1907 Good to the last drop
1907 It satisfies the thirst and pleases the palate
1907 Refreshing as a summer breeze.  Delightful as a Dip in the Sea
1908 The Drink that Cheers but does not inebriate
1917 There's a delicious freshness to the taste of Coca-Cola
1919 It satisfies thirst
1919 The taste is the test
1922 Every glass holds the answer to thirst
1922 Thirst knows no season
1925 Enjoy the sociable drink
		-- Coca-Cola slogans


An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Fear is the greatest salesman.
		-- Robert Klein


An egg has the shortest sex-life of all: it gets laid once; it gets
eaten once.  It also has to come in a box with 11 others, and the only
person who will sit on its face is its mother.


Real Users hate Real Programmers.


I steal.
		-- Sam Giancana, explaining his livelihood to his draft board

Easy.  I own Chicago.  I own Miami.  I own Las Vegas.
		-- Sam Giancana, when asked what he did for a living


How come we never talk anymore?


The lights are on,
but you're not home;
Your will
is not your own;
Your heart sweats,
Your teeth grind;
Another kiss
and you'll be mine...

You like to think that you're immune to the stuff
(Oh Yeah!)
It's closer to the truth to say you can't get enough;
You know you're gonna have to face it,
You're addicted to love!"
		-- Robert Palmer


Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
		-- A. H. Weiler


For her first week's salary the gorgeous new secretary was given an
exquisite nightgown of imported lace.  The next week her salary was
raised!


One difference between a man and a machine
is that a machine is quiet when well oiled.


Build a man a fire, and he'll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire,
and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
		-- Terry Pratchett


The liberals can understand everything but people who don't understand them.
		-- Lenny Bruce


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#6

Bathrooms:
	A man has six items in his bathroom -- a toothbrush, toothpaste,
shaving cream, razor, a bar of Dial soap, and a towel from the Holiday Inn.
The average number of items in the typical woman's bathroom is 437.  A man
would not be able to identify most of these items.

Groceries:
	A woman makes a list of things she needs and then goes to the store
and buys these things.  A man waits 'til the only items left in his fridge
are half a lime and a Blue Ribbon.  Then he goes grocery shopping.  He buys
everything that looks good.  By the time a man reaches the checkout counter,
his cart is packed tighter that the Clampett's car on Beverly Hillbillies.
Of course, this will not stop him from entering the 10-items-or-less lane.


Soldiers who wish to be a hero
Are practically zero,
But those who wish to be civilians,
They run into the millions.


There but for the grace of God, goes God.
		-- Winston Churchill, speaking of Sir Stafford Cripps


COBOL is for morons.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


NEWS FLASH!!
	Today the East German pole-vault champion
	became the West German pole-vault champion.


The difference between graffiti and philosophy is the word "fuck".


Join the march to save individuality!


Any sufficiently simple directive can be obfuscated beyond reason
given proper legal counsel.
		-- Alfred Perlstein


Q:	What do you call the scratches that you get when a female
	sheep bites you?
A:	Ewe nicks.


Never miss a good chance to shut up.


In an age when the fashion is to be in love with yourself, confessing to
be in love with somebody else is an admission of unfaithfulness to one's
beloved.
		-- Russell Baker


In like a dimwit, out like a light.
		-- Pogo


In the future, you're going to get computers as prizes in breakfast cereals.
You'll throw them out because your house will be littered with them.


