While vacationing last summer in the North Woods, a young fellow thought it
might be a good idea to write his girl.  He had brought no stationery with
him, however; so he had to walk into town for some.  Entering the one and
only general store, he discovered that the clerk was a young, full-blown farm
girl with languorous eyes.
	"Do you keep stationery?" he asked.
	"Well," she giggled, "I do until the last few seconds, and then I
just go wild."


Q:	What's the contour integral around Western Europe?
A:	Zero, because all the Poles are in Eastern Europe!

Addendum: Actually, there ARE some Poles in Western Europe, but they
	are removable!

Q:	An English mathematician (I forgot who) was asked by his
	very religious colleague: Do you believe in one God?
A:	Yes, up to isomorphism!

Q:	What is a compact city?
A:	It's a city that can be guarded by finitely many near-sighted
	policemen!
		-- Peter Lax


The distinction between Jewish and goyish can be quite subtle, as the
following quote from Lenny Bruce illustrates:

	"I'm Jewish.  Count Basie's Jewish.  Ray Charles is Jewish.
Eddie Cantor's goyish.  The B'nai Brith is goyish.  The Hadassah is
Jewish.  Marine Corps -- heavy goyish, dangerous.
	"Kool-Aid is goyish.  All Drake's Cakes are goyish.
Pumpernickel is Jewish and, as you know, white bread is very goyish.
Instant potatoes -- goyish.  Black cherry soda's very Jewish.
Macaroons are _v_e_r_y Jewish.  Fruit salad is Jewish.  Lime Jell-O is
goyish.  Lime soda is _v_e_r_y goyish.  Trailer parks are so goyish that
Jews won't go near them."
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


The new Congressmen say they're going to turn the government around.
I hope I don't get run over again.


Laughter is the closest distance between two people.
		-- Victor Borge


Excellent day to have a rotten day.


As near as I can tell, you're not any crazier
than the average asshole on the street.
		-- R.P. McMurphy, "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest"


Men aren't attracted to me by my mind.
They're attracted by what I don't mind...
		-- Gypsy Rose Lee


Let's not complicate our relationship
by trying to communicate with each other.


No two persons ever read the same book.
		-- Edmund Wilson


Accordion, n.:
	A bagpipe with pleats.


How can you think and hit at the same time?
		-- Yogi Berra


That's where the money was.
		-- Willie Sutton, on being asked why he robbed a bank

It's a rather pleasant experience to be alone in a bank at night.
		-- Willie Sutton


The mature Bohemian is one whose woman works full time.


How to become a sysop:
	I grew a beard, started wearing only t-shirts and jeans, and
	developed a surly attitude. The group accepted me, and I've never
	worked a full day in my life since then.
		-- rho/slashdot


Rule the Empire through force.
		-- Shogun Tokugawa


One picture is worth 128K words.


Lack of money is the root of all evil.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


The fashionable drawing rooms of London have always been happy to accept
outsiders -- if only on their own, albeit undemanding terms.  That is to
say, artists, so long as they are not too talented, men of humble birth,
so long as they have since amassed several million pounds, and socialists
so long as they are Tories.
		-- Christopher Booker


They just buzzed and buzzed...buzzed.


What is irritating about love is that it is a crime that requires
an accomplice.
		-- Charles Baudelaire


What do hookers do on their nights off, type?
		-- Elayn Boosler


The truth about a man lies first and foremost in what he hides.
		-- Andre Malraux


You will meet an important person who will help you advance professionally.


If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you.


It's interesting to think that many quite
distinguished people have bodies similar to yours.


QOTD:
	"Her other car is a broom."


There will always be beer cans rolling on the floor of your car when
the boss asks for a lift home from the office.


Assembly language experience is [important] for the maturity
and understanding of how computers work that it provides.
		-- D. Gries


The groundhog is like most other prophets;
it delivers its message and then disappears.


A cousin of mine once said about money,
money is always there but the pockets change;
it is not in the same pockets after a change,
and that is all there is to say about money.
		-- Gertrude Stein


If you are what you eat, does that mean Euelle Gibbons really was a nut?


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Woman:

 1. You can enjoy a beer all month.
 2. Beer stains wash out.
 3. Beer doesn't go crazy once a month.
 4. Beer never makes you wait.
 5. A beer doesn't get jealous when you grab another beer.
 6. Beer doesn't have a lawyer "in the family".
 7. A beer won't get upset if you come home with beer on your breath.
 8. Beer doesn't demand equality.
 9. Beer labels come off without a fight.
10. Beer doesn't mind being in the "wet spot" that IT left.


Sixteen'll get you twenty.


Thieves respect property; they merely wish the property to become
their property that they may more perfectly respect it.
		-- G. K. Chesterton, "The Man Who Was Thursday"


Freedom from incrustation of grime is contiguous to rectitude.


There are never any bugs you haven't found yet.


Take time to reflect on all the things you have, not as a result of your
merit or hard work or because God or chance or the efforts of other people
have given them to you.


A lie in time saves nine.


Nemo me impune lacessit
	[No one provokes me with impunity]
		-- Motto of the Crown of Scotland


The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher
esteem those who think alike than those who think differently.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Fame lost its appeal for me when I went into a public restroom and an
autograph seeker handed me a pen and paper under the stall door.
		-- Marlo Thomas


Paster Crosstalk:	What items are specifically mentioned by GOD as being
	unclean?  Now did you know... preying birds... praying mantises...
	All birds of prey, all carrion eaters, fish eaters -- no good, can't
	eat those.  Nothing that does not have both fins and scales.  Most
	CREEPING things...
Alvarado:	How 'bout caterpillars?
P:	A caterpillar doesn't have a backbone.  Nothing without a backbone
	can get in.
A:	How do you know?  You char a caterpillar, it gets real stiff!
P:	Well, I don't think that the Lord meant us to eat CHARRED
	CATERPILLARS!
[...]
P:	The hog, the squirrel... little squirrels.  Who would want to eat
	a LITTLE SQUIRREL?
A:	If you're starving.  If you're starving in the park one day.
P:	You'd probably just CHAR 'em to get 'em stiff, wouldn't ya?
A:	No, you SINGE 'em.  You SINGE 'em and eat 'em.  *I* read about the
	Donner Pass, I know what man does when he's hungry.
P:	Squirrels eating squirrels -- my GOD, that's sick!
A:	That's sick, SURE.  But a MAN eating a squirrel -- that's (heh, heh)
	par for the course, Charlie.
		-- The Firesign Theatre


But if you wish at once to do nothing and to be respectable
nowadays, the best pretext is to be at work on some profound study.
		-- Leslie Stephen, "Sketches from Cambridge"


Ducharme's Precept:
	Opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment.


Every why hath a wherefore.
		-- William Shakespeare, "A Comedy of Errors"


When you're bored with yourself, marry, and be bored with someone else.
		-- David Pryce-Jones


Joe Cool always spends the first two weeks at college sailing his Frisbee.
		-- Snoopy


If Jesus Christ came to this town, people would say, great guy; terrible
carpenter.
		-- Gene Kirkwood, on Hollywood


	On the occasion of Nero's 25th birthday, he arrived at the Colosseum
to find that the Praetorian Guard had prepared a treat for him in the arena.
There stood 25 naked virgins, like candles on a cake, tied to poles, burning
alive.  "Wonderful!" exclaimed the deranged emperor, "but one of them isn't
dead yet.  I can see her lips moving.  Go quickly and find out what she is
saying."
	The centurion saluted, and hurried out to the virgin, getting as near
the flames as he dared, and listened intently.  Then he turned and ran back
to the imperial box.  "She is not talking," he reported to Nero, "she is
singing."
	"Singing?" said the astounded emperor.  "Singing what?"
	"Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you..."


Schlattwhapper, n.:
	The window shade that allows itself to be pulled down,
	hesitates for a second, then snaps up in your face.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Jesus Saves,
Moses Invests,
But only Buddha pays Dividends.


A friend of mine won't get a divorce, because he hates
lawyers more than he hates his wife.


	A man walks into a bar and orders 3 shots and 3 beers.  The
bartender, seeing that the man is distraught, asks what the problem is.
	"I just found out that my brother is gay", he replies.
	About a week later, the same man walks in and orders 6 shots and
6 chasers.  So the bartender inquires, "What's wrong this time?"
	To which the man says, "I just found out that two of my brothers
are lovers."
	Another week goes by and the man comes back to the bar and orders
NINE shots and NINE beers.  The bartenders says "Damn, boy, doesn't anyone
in your family like pussy?"
	"Yeah.  Me and my sister."


If the church put in half the time on covetousness that it does on lust,
this would be a better world.
		-- Garrison Keillor, "Lake Wobegon Days"


A man who carries a cat by its tail learns something he can learn
in no other way.


Bitch, bitch, bitch --
That's all I ever hear,
Ever since the dog ate the baby,
"Get rida the dog, get rida the dog."


My geometry teacher was sometimes acute, and sometimes obtuse,
but always, always, he was right.


Marijuana will be legal some day, because the many law students
who now smoke pot will someday become congressmen and legalize
it in order to protect themselves.
		-- Lenny Bruce


Good girls go to heaven, bad girls go everywhere.


I had a dream that all the victims of The Pill came back...
boy, were they mad!
		-- Steven Wright


The kind of danger people most enjoy is
the kind they can watch from a safe place.


I'd just as soon kiss a Wookiee.
		-- Princess Leia Organa


A woman went into a hospital one day to give birth.  Afterwards, the doctor
came to her and said, "I have some... odd news for you."
	"Is my baby all right?" the woman anxiously asked.
	"Yes, he is," the doctor replied, "but we don't know how.  Your son
(we assume) was born with no body.  He only has a head."
	Well, the doctor was correct.  The Head was alive and well, though no
one knew how.  The Head turned out to be fairly normal, ignoring his lack of
a body, and lived for some time as typical a life as could be expected under
the circumstances.
	One day, about twenty years after the fateful birth, the woman got a
phone call from another doctor.  The doctor said, "I have recently perfected
an operation.  Your son can live a normal life now: we can graft a body onto
his head!"
	The woman, practically weeping with joy, thanked the doctor and hung
up.  She ran up the stairs saying, "Johnny, Johnny, I have a *wonderful*
surprise for you!"
	"Oh no," cried The Head, "not another HAT!"


I was having sex just the other night, but she hung up.


In Marseilles they make half the toilet soap we consume in America, but
the Marseillaise only have a vague theoretical idea of its use, which they
have obtained from books of travel.
		-- Mark Twain


Chef, n.:
	Any cook who swears in French.


The confusion of a staff member is measured by the length of his
memos.
		-- New York Times, Jan. 20, 1981


Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation ... the other eight
are unimportant.
		-- Henry Miller


He who sneezes without a handkerchief takes matters into his own
hands.


There are two jazz musicians who are great buddies.  They hang out and play
together for years, virtually inseparable.  Unfortunately, one of them is
struck by a truck and killed.  About a week later his friend wakes up in
the middle of the night with a start because he can feel a presence in the
room.  He calls out, "Who's there?  Who's there?  What's going on?"
	"It's me -- Bob," replies a faraway voice.
	Excitedly he sits up in bed.  "Bob!  Bob!  Is that you?  Where are
you?"
	"Well," says the voice, "I'm in heaven now."
	"Heaven!  You're in heaven!  That's wonderful!  What's it like?"
	"It's great, man.  I gotta tell you, I'm jamming up here every day.
I'm playing with Bird, and 'Trane, and Count Basie drops in all the time!
Man it is smokin'!"
	"Oh, wow!" says his friend. "That sounds fantastic, tell me more,
tell me more!"
	"Let me put it this way," continues the voice.  "There's good news
and bad news.  The good news is that these guys are in top form.  I mean
I have *never* heard them sound better.  They are *wailing* up here."
	"The bad news is that God has this girlfriend that sings..."


The superior man understands what is right;
the inferior man understands what will sell.
		-- Confucius


Depart in pieces, i.e., split.


The important thing to remember about walking on eggs is not to hop.


If it happens once, it's a bug.
If it happens twice, it's a feature.
If it happens more than twice, it's a design philosophy.


Oh, I have slipped the surly bonds of earth,
And danced the skies on laughter silvered wings;
Sunward I've climbed and joined the tumbling mirth
Of sun-split clouds and done a hundred things
You have not dreamed of --
Wheeled and soared and swung
High in the sunlit silence.
Hovering there
I've chased the shouting wind along and flung
My eager craft through footless halls of air.
Up, up along delirious, burning blue
I've topped the wind-swept heights with easy grace,
Where never lark, or even eagle flew;
And, while with silent, lifting mind I've trod
The high untrespassed sanctity of space,
Put out my hand, and touched the face of God.
		-- John Gillespie Magee, Jr., "High Flight"


Give me chastity and continence, but not just now.
		-- St. Augustine


DEFAULT:
	The hardware's, of course.


Failure is more frequently from want of energy than want of capital.


Peter's hungry, time to eat lunch.


Every now and then when your life gets complicated and the weasels
start closing in, the only cure is to load up on heinous chemicals and
then drive like a bastard from Hollywood to Las Vegas ... with the
music at top volume and at least a pint of ether.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas"


Sex is an emotion in motion.
		-- Mae West


	"What was the worst thing you've ever done?"
	"I won't tell you that, but I'll tell you the worst thing that
ever happened to me... the most dreadful thing."
		-- Peter Straub, "Ghost Story"


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #9

	A word to the wise is often enough to start an argument.


A hypothetical paradox:
	What would happen in a battle between an Enterprise security team,
who always get killed soon after appearing, and a squad of Imperial
Stormtroopers, who can't hit the broad side of a planet?
		-- Tom Galloway


Kissing, petting, and even intercourse are all right as long as they are
sincere.  I have never given a kiss in my life that wasn't sincere.  As
for intercourse, I'd say three times a day was about right.
		-- Margaret Sangor


There are three schools of magic.  One:  State a tautology, then ring the
changes on its corollaries; that's philosophy.  Two:  Record many facts.
Try to find a pattern.  Then make a wrong guess at the next fact; that's
science.  Three:  Be aware that you live in a malevolent Universe controlled
by Murphy's Law, sometimes offset by Brewster's Factor; that's engineering.


	If I kiss you, that is a psychological interaction.
	On the other hand, if I hit you over the head with a brick,
that is also a psychological interaction.
	The difference is that one is friendly and the other is not
so friendly.
	The crucial point is if you can tell which is which.
		-- Dolph Sharp, "I'm O.K., You're Not So Hot"


As many of you know, I am taking a class here at UNC on Personality.
One of the tests to determine personality in our book was so incredibly
useful and interesting, I just had to share it.

Answer each of the following items "true" or "false"

 1. I salivate at the sight of mittens.
 2. If I go into the street, I'm apt to be bitten by a horse.
 3. Some people never look at me.
 4. Spinach makes me feel alone.
 5. My sex life is A-okay.
 6. When I look down from a high spot, I want to spit.
 7. I like to kill mosquitoes.
 8. Cousins are not to be trusted.
 9. It makes me embarrassed to fall down.
10. I get nauseous from too much roller skating.
11. I think most people would cry to gain a point.
12. I cannot read or write.
13. I am bored by thoughts of death.
14. I become homicidal when people try to reason with me.
15. I would enjoy the work of a chicken flicker.
16. I am never startled by a fish.
17. My mother's uncle was a good man.
18. I don't like it when somebody is rotten.
19. People who break the law are wise guys.
20. I have never gone to pieces over the weekend.


When a place gets crowded enough to require ID's, social collapse is not
far away.  It is time to go elsewhere.  The best thing about space travel
is that it made it possible to go elsewhere.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein, "Time Enough For Love"


The Puritan hated bear-baiting, not because it gave pain to the bear, but
because it gave pleasure to the spectators.
		-- Thomas Macaulay, "History of England"


New York:
	Where men are men, sheep enjoy it, and lepers laugh their heads off.


COMPASS [for the CDC-6000 series] is the sort of assembler
one expects from a corporation whose president codes in octal.
		-- J. N. Gray


Give your child mental blocks for Christmas.


Revenge is a form of nostalgia.


Vila:	"I think I have just made the biggest mistake of my life."
Orac:	"It is unlikely.  I would predict there are far greater mistakes
	waiting to be made by someone with your obvious talent for it."


James Joyce -- an essentially private man who wished his total
indifference to public notice to be universally recognized.
		-- Tom Stoppard


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(23) Evolution cannot explain creation.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


