Star Wars is adolescent nonsense; Close Encounters is obscurantist drivel;
Star Trek can turn your brains to puree of bat guano; and the greatest
science fiction series of all time is Doctor Who!  And I'll take you all
on, one-by-one or all in a bunch to back it up!
		-- Harlan Ellison


Sacher's Observation:
	Some people grow with responsibility -- others merely swell.


Some people have no respect for age unless it's bottled.


Save the whales.  Collect the whole set.


T-shirt:
	Life is *not* a Cabaret, and stop calling me chum!


There are two jazz musicians who are great buddies.  They hang out and play
together for years, virtually inseparable.  Unfortunately, one of them is
struck by a truck and killed.  About a week later his friend wakes up in
the middle of the night with a start because he can feel a presence in the
room.  He calls out, "Who's there?  Who's there?  What's going on?"
	"It's me -- Bob," replies a faraway voice.
	Excitedly he sits up in bed.  "Bob!  Bob!  Is that you?  Where are
you?"
	"Well," says the voice, "I'm in heaven now."
	"Heaven!  You're in heaven!  That's wonderful!  What's it like?"
	"It's great, man.  I gotta tell you, I'm jamming up here every day.
I'm playing with Bird, and 'Trane, and Count Basie drops in all the time!
Man it is smokin'!"
	"Oh, wow!" says his friend. "That sounds fantastic, tell me more,
tell me more!"
	"Let me put it this way," continues the voice.  "There's good news
and bad news.  The good news is that these guys are in top form.  I mean
I have *never* heard them sound better.  They are *wailing* up here."
	"The bad news is that God has this girlfriend that sings..."


It's hard to think of you as the end
result of millions of years of evolution.


The primary requisite for any new tax law is for it to exempt enough
voters to win the next election.


Mrs. Johnson had a very beautiful and intelligent parrot.  He had just one
problem: He liked to fuck Mr. Hawkins' chickens.  Mrs. Johnson scolded him
time and time again, but he would just laugh at her.  Finally, she told him
that if he did it again, she would cut off all of the feathers on the top of
his head.  Well, he resisted the urge for a week, but one day, he just
couldn't resist going next door.  Besides, he figured she was bluffing.
	Well, Mr. Hawkins came over, ranting and raving about how the parrot
had been fucking his chickens again.  Mrs. Johnson didn't say a word, just
took out her scissors and cut off all of the parrot's head feathers.
	That night, Mrs. Johnson had a big party at her house.  Before it
started, she took the parrot and put him on top of the piano by the front
door.  "Since you disobeyed me today, you have to stay here on the piano
tonight.  Now, don't you dare move."
	Well, the parrot was pretty pissed off about having his head bare,
and he wasn't too happy about having to spend the whole evening on the piano.
Still, as he usually did, when the butler would announce the guests as they
arrived, he would say hello to them.  Just then, two bald-headed men came to
the door.
	Before the butler could say anything, the parrot yelled, "Okay, you
chicken-fuckers, up here on the piano with me!"


You probably wouldn't worry about what people
think of you if you could know how seldom they do.
		-- Olin Miller


I have ways of making money that you know nothing of.
		-- John D. Rockefeller


High heels are a device invented by a woman
who was tired of being kissed on the forehead.


Write yourself a threatening letter and pen a defiant reply.


Because woman's work is never done and is underpaid or unpaid or boring or
repetitious and we're the first to get the sack and what we look like is
more important than what we do and if we get raped it's our fault and if we
get bashed we must have provoked it and if we raise our voices we're nagging
bitches and if we enjoy sex nymphos and if we don't we're frigid and if we
love women it's because we can't get a "real" man and if we ask our doctor
too many questions we're neurotic and/or pushy and if we expect community
care for children we're selfish and if we stand up for our rights we're
aggressive and "unfeminine" and if we don't we're typical weak females and
if we want to get married we're out to trap a man and if we don't we're
unnatural and because we still can't get an adequate safe contraceptive but
men can walk on the moon and if we can't cope or don't want a pregnancy we're
made to feel guilty about abortion and... for lots and lots of other reasons
we are part of the women's liberation movement.


Some men feel that the only thing they owe
the woman who marries them is a grudge.
		-- Helen Rowland


My, how you've changed since I've changed.


I base my fashion taste on what doesn't itch.
		-- Gilda Radner


	What is involved in such [close] relationships is a form of emotional
chemistry, so far unexplained by any school of psychiatry I am aware of, that
conditions nothing so simple as a choice between the poles of attraction and
repulsion.  You can meet some people thirty, forty times down the years, and
they remain amiable bystanders, like the shore lights of towns that a sailor
passes at stated times but never calls at on the regular run.  Conversely,
all considerations of sex aside, you can meet some other people once or twice
and they remain permanent influences on your life.
	Everyone is aware of this discrepancy between the acquaintance seen
as familiar wallpaper or instant friend.  The chemical action it entails is
less worth analyzing than enjoying.  At any rate, these six pieces are about
men with whom I felt an immediate sympat - to use a coining of Max Beerbohm's
more satisfactory to me than the opaque vogue word "empathy".
		-- Alistair Cooke, "Six Men"


And miles to go before I sleep.


QOTD:
	"I used to jog, but the ice kept bouncing out of my glass."


Woke up this morning, don't believe what I saw.  Hundred billion
bottles washed up on the shore.  Seems I never noted being alone.
Hundred billion castaways looking for a call.


In order to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the
universe.
		-- Carl Sagan, Cosmos


Life is not a cabaret.
It's a fucking circus.


My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.


Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time.
		-- Steven Wright


How come only your friends step on your new white sneakers?


Suburbia is where the developer bulldozes out the trees, then names
the streets after them.
		-- Bill Vaughn


Money will say more in one moment than
the most eloquent lover can in years.


Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
		-- Martin Luther King, Jr.


Why a man would want a wife is a big mystery to some people.
Why a man would want *two* wives is a bigamystery.


When asked the definition of "pi":
The Mathematician:
	Pi is the number expressing the relationship between the
	circumference of a circle and its diameter.
The Physicist:
	Pi is 3.1415927, plus or minus 0.000000005.
The Engineer:
	Pi is about 3.


Don't go to bed with no price on your head.
		-- Baretta


Every person, all the events in your life are there because you have
drawn them there.  What you choose to do with them is up to you.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


Every man who is high up likes to think that he has done
it all himself, and the wife smiles and lets it go at that.
		-- Barrie


Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice... moderation in the pursuit
of justice is no virtue.
		-- Barry Goldwater


Was there a time when dancers with their fiddles
In children's circuses could stay their troubles?
There was a time they could cry over books,
But time has set its maggot on their track.
Under the arc of the sky they are unsafe.
What's never known is safest in this life.
Under the skysigns they who have no arms
Have cleanest hands, and, as the heartless ghost
Alone's unhurt, so the blind man sees best.
		-- Dylan Thomas, "Was There A Time"


Heavier than air flying machines are impossible.
		-- Lord Kelvin, President, Royal Society, c. 1895


Kiss a non-smoker; taste the difference.


$3,000,000


My mother-in-law broke up my marriage.  One day my wife
came home early from work and found us in bed together.
		-- Lenny Bruce


			Pittsburgh driver's test
8: Pedestrians are
	a) irrelevant.
	b) communists.
	c) a nuisance.
	d) difficult to clean off the front grille.
The correct answer is a.  Pedestrians are not in cars, so they
are totally irrelevant to driving, and you should ignore them
completely.


If people concentrated on the really important things in life,
there'd be a shortage of fishing poles.
		-- Doug Larson


One thing they don't tell you about doing experimental physics is that
sometimes you must work under adverse conditions... like a state of sheer
terror.
		-- W. K. Hartmann


All this wheeling and dealing around, why, it isn't for money,
it's for fun.  Money's just the way we keep score.
		-- Henry Tyroon


Do you mean that you not only want a wrong
answer, but a certain wrong answer?
		-- Tobaben


There is nothing wrong with abstinence, in moderation.


You look tired.


Lend money to a bad debtor and he will hate you.


Don't ever slam a door; you might want to go back.


In every job that must be done, there is an element of fun.
Find the fun and snap!  The job's a game.
And every task you undertake, becomes a piece of cake,
	a lark, a spree; it's very clear to see.
		-- Mary Poppins


	You see, this girl wakes up one morning, rolls over and sees an
elephant in the bed with her.  Almost in shock, she says, "Did I pick you
up in the bar last night?"
	"Uh-huh," the  elephant replies.
	"Did I bring you home?"
	"Uh-huh."
	"Did we, uh, fool around?"
	"Uh-huh."
	"Lord, I must have been tight!"
	"Not any more."


Life would be tolerable but for its amusements.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Civilization, as we know it, will end sometime this evening.
See SYSNOTE tomorrow for more information.


I'm glad we don't have to play in the shade.
		-- Golfer Bobby Jones on being told that it was 105 degrees
		   in the shade.

Very few blacks will take up golf until the requirement for plaid pants is
dropped.
		-- Franklyn Ajaye


Sho' they got to have it against the law.  Shoot, ever'body git high,
they wouldn't be nobody git up and feed the chickens.  Hee-hee.
		-- Terry Southern


LA:
	Where the only way to determine that the seasons have changed
	is to note that people have changed the main topic of conversation.
	From mud slides to brush fires.


An economist is a man who would marry
Farrah Fawcett-Majors for her money.


	Well, there was this tiger, who woke up one morning, and just
felt great (yes, just like Tony the Tiger: GREAAAAAAT).  Anyway,
he just felt so good, he went out and cornered a small monkey and
roared at him: "WHO IS THE MIGHTIEST OF ALL THE JUNGLE ANIMALS?"
	And this poor quaking little monkey replied: "You are of
course, no one is mightier than you."
	A little while later this tiger confronts a deer, and just
bellows out: "WHO IS THE GREATEST AND STRONGEST OF ALL THE JUNGLE
ANIMALS?"
	The deer is shaking so hard it can barely speak, but manages
to stammer: "Oh great tiger, you are by far the mightiest animal in the
jungle."
	The tiger, being on a roll, swaggered, up to an elephant that
was quietly munching on some weeds, and roared at the top of his voice:
"WHO IS THE MIGHTIEST OF ALL THE ANIMALS IN THE JUNGLE?"  Well, this
elephant grabs the tiger with his trunk, picks him up, slams him down;
picks him up again, and shakes him until the tiger is just a blur of
orange and black; and finally throws him violently into a nearby tree.
The tiger staggers to his feet and looks at the elephant and says:
"Man, just because you don't know the answer, you don't have to get so
pissed."


AMAZING BUT TRUE...
	If all the salmon caught in Canada in one year were laid end to
	end across the Sahara Desert, the smell would be absolutely awful.


Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess is why
several of us died of tuberculosis.
		-- Jack Handey


Other than that, Mrs. Lincoln, how did you like the play?


Keep emotionally active.  Cater to your favorite neurosis.


Harold had never wanted a woman so much in his life, upon overhearing the
22- year-old beauty remark that he was too old and out of shape for her.  The
determined septuagenarian immediately embarked upon a rigorous self-improvement
program.  He had his face lifted, bought a toupee, ran five miles every day,
lifted weights and adopted a strict vegetarian diet.  Within months, the
rejuvenated man won the young woman's heart, and she agreed to marry him.
	On the way out of the chapel, however, Harold was fatally struck
by lightning.  Furious, he confronted Saint Peter at the pearly gates.  "How
could you do this to me after all the pain I went through?"
	"To be honest, Harold," Saint Peter sheepishly replied, "I didn't
recognize you."


The best portion of a good man's life, his little,
nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love.
		-- Wordsworth


Kissing a fish is like smoking a bicycle.


God gives us relatives; thank goodness we can chose our friends.


Paradise is exactly like where you are right now ... only much, much
better.
		-- Laurie Anderson


Engineering:	"How will this work?"
Science:	"Why will this work?"
Management:	"When will this work?"
Liberal Arts:	"Do you want fries with that?"


Sex is just one damp thing after another.


When you have an efficient government, you have a dictatorship.
		-- Harry S. Truman


Nurse Donna:	Oh, Groucho, I'm afraid I'm gonna wind up an old maid.
Groucho:	Well, bring her in and we'll wind her up together.
Nurse Donna:	Do you believe in computer dating?
Groucho:	Only if the computers really love each other.


It is recounted that at King's College in the Strand around the time of the
war, the Chief of Services would inevitably begin the year's rounds by
teaching "a singularly important principle of medicine."  He asked a nurse
to fetch him a sample of urine.  He then talked at length about Diabetes
mellitus. "Diabetes," he said, "is a greek name; but the Romans noticed that
the bees like the urine of diabetics, so they added the word mellitus which
means sweet as honey.  Well, as you know, you may find sugar in the urine
of a diabetic ..."
	By now the nurse had returned with a sample of urine which the
registrar promptly held up like a trophy.  We stared at that straw-colored
fluid as if we had never seen such a thing before.  The registrar then
startled us.  He dipped a finger boldly into the urine, then licked his
finger with the tip of his tongue.  As if tasting wine, he opened and closed
his lips rapidly.  Could he perhaps detect a faint taste of sugar?  The sample
was passed on to us for an opinion.  We all dipped a finger into the fluid,
all of us foolishly licked that finger.
	"Now," said the Registrar grinning, "You have learnt the first
principle of diagnosis.  I mean the power of observation."  We were baffled.
We stood near the sluice room outside the ward, and in the distance, some
anonymous patient was explosively coughing. "You see," the registrar said
continuing triumphantly, "I dipped my MIDDLE finger into the urine, but
licked my INDEX finger -- not like all you chaps.


A gourmet who thinks of calories is like a tart that looks at her watch.
		-- James Beard


You can get there from here, but why on earth would you want to?


Perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things.


Whenever someone tells you to "take it like a man" it usually means
up your ass.


There will be sex after death, we just won't be able to feel it.
		-- Lily Tomlin


Life is having a mother-in-law that sucks and a wife that don't.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


If this is timesharing, give me my share right now.
It's not time yet.


Said a modest young miss to de Sade,
I'm simply too shy and afraid
	To take part in your pranks.
	But to show you my thanks,
I'd just love to become your first aide.


QOTD:
	"The only easy way to tell a hamster from a gerbil is that the
	gerbil has more dark meat."


Well I looked at my watch and it said a quarter to five,
The headline screamed that I was still alive,
I couldn't understand it, I thought I died last night.
I dreamed I'd been in a border town,
In a little cantina that the boys had found,
I was desperate to dance, just to dig the local sounds.
When along came a senorita,
She looked so good that I had to meet her,
I was ready to approach her with my English charm,
When her brass knuckled boyfriend grabbed me by the arm,
And he said, grow some funk of your own, amigo,
Grow some funk of your own.
We no like to with the gringo fight,
But there might be a death in Mexico tonite.
...
Take my advice, take the next flight,
And grow some funk, grow your funk at home.
		-- Elton John, "Grow Some Funk of Your Own"


I've already told you more than I know.


A highly intelligent man should take a primitive woman.  Imagine if on top
of everything else, I had a woman who interfered with my work.
		-- Adolf Hitler


Eighteen goddess-like daughters are not equal to one son with a hump.
		-- Chinese Proverb


The sunlights differ, but there is only one darkness.
		-- Ursula K. LeGuin, "The Dispossessed"


Every morning, I get up and look through the "Forbes" list of the
richest people in America.  If I'm not there, I go to work.
		-- Robert Orben


Sometime when you least expect it, Love will tap you on the shoulder...
and ask you to move out of the way because it still isn't your turn.
		-- N. V. Plyter


The distinction between true and false appears to become
increasingly blurred by... the pollution of the language.
		-- Arne Tiselius


Tear leather:
	To become excited, as in the sentence "Robin Hood tore
	his leather jerkin' off."


Q:	What's the difference between a RHU cheerleader and a whale?
A:	The moustache.


Never raise your hand to your children -- it leaves your midsection
unprotected.
		-- Robert Orben


The road to hell is paved with good intentions.  And littered with
sloppy analysis!


When a man steals your wife, there is no better revenge than to let him
keep her.
		-- Sacha Guitry


Magnocartic, adj.:
	Any automobile that, when left unattended, attracts shopping
	carts.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


The most advantageous, pre-eminent thing thou canst do is not to
exhibit nor display thyself within the limits of our galaxy, but
rather depart instantaneously whence thou even now standest and
flee to yet another rotten planet in the universe, if thou canst
have the good fortune to find one.
		-- Carlyle


It's getting uncommonly easy to kill people in large numbers, and the
first thing a principle does -- if it really is a principle -- is to
kill somebody.
		-- Dorothy Sayers


He who writes with no misspelled words has prevented a first suspicion
on the limits of his scholarship or, in the social world, of his general
education and culture.
		-- Julia Norton McCorkle


But it does move!
		-- Galileo Galilei


Behold the unborn fetus and
	Weep salt tears crocodilian;
All life is sacred (save, of course,
	An enemy civilian).


The advantage of being celibate is that when one sees a pretty girl one
does not need to grieve over having an ugly one back home.
		-- Paul Leautaud, "Propos dun jour"


... A booming voice says, "Wrong, cretin!", and you notice that you
have turned into a pile of dust.


It is most dangerous nowadays for a husband to pay any attention to his
wife in public.  It always makes people think that he beats her when
they're alone.  The world has grown so suspicious of anything that looks
like a happy married life.
		-- Oscar Wilde


A Hen Brooding Kittens
	A friend informs us that he saw at the Novato ranch, Marin county,
a few days since, a hen actually brooding and otherwise caring for three
kittens!  The gentleman upon whose premises this strange event is transpiring
says the hen adopted the kittens when they were but a few days old, and that
she has devoted them her undivided care for several weeks past.  The young
felines are now of respectable size, but they nevertheless follow the hen at
her cluckings, and are regularly brooded at night beneath her wings.
		-- Sacramento Daily Union, July 2, 1861


Better hope the life-inspector doesn't come
around while you have your life in such a mess.


Raffiniert ist der Herrgott aber boshaft ist er nicht.
		-- Albert Einstein


Sex is good, but not as good as fresh sweet corn.
		-- Garrison Keillor


