Don't have good ideas if you aren't willing to be responsible for them.


The Poet Whose Badness Saved His Life
	The most important poet in the seventeenth century was George
Wither.  Alexander Pope called him "wretched Wither" and Dryden said of his
verse that "if they rhymed and rattled all was well".
	In our own time, "The Dictionary of National Biography" notes that his
work "is mainly remarkable for its mass, fluidity and flatness.  It usually
lacks any genuine literary quality and often sinks into imbecile doggerel".
	High praise, indeed, and it may tempt you to savour a typically
rewarding stanza: It is taken from "I loved a lass" and is concerned with
the higher emotions.
		She would me "Honey" call,
		She'd -- O she'd kiss me too.
		But now alas!  She's left me
		Falero, lero, loo.
	Among other details of his mistress which he chose to immortalize
was her prudent choice of footwear.
		The fives did fit her shoe.
	In 1639 the great poet's life was endangered after his capture by
the Royalists during the English Civil War.  When Sir John Denham, the
Royalist poet, heard of Wither's imminent execution, he went to the King and
begged that his life be spared.  When asked his reason, Sir John replied,
"Because that so long as Wither lived, Denham would not be accounted the
worst poet in England."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


I've tried several varieties of sex.  The conventional position makes
me claustrophobic, and the others either give me a stiff neck or lockjaw.
		-- Tallulah Bankhead


Stress, n.:
	The confusion created when one's mind overrides the body's
	desire to choke the living shit out of some asshole who
	desperately needs it.


It is hard to predict, in particular about the future.
		-- Robert Storm Petersen


The most difficult years of marriage are those following the wedding.


Brooke's Law:
	Whenever a system becomes completely defined, some damn fool
	discovers something which either abolishes the system or
	expands it beyond recognition.


In San Francisco, Halloween is redundant.
		-- Will Durst


QOTD:
	"Everything I am today I owe to people, whom it is now
	too late to punish."


Real Programmers think better when playing Adventure or Rogue.


I think I'll snatch a kiss and flee.
		-- William Shakespeare


There's no justice in this world.
		-- Frank Costello, on the prosecution of "Lucky" Luciano
		   by New York district attorney Thomas Dewey after
		   Luciano had saved Dewey from assassination by Dutch
		   Schultz (by ordering the assassination of Schultz
		   instead)


Fenderberg, n.:
	The large glacial deposits that form on the insides
	of car fenders during snowstorms.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


In this world some people are going to like me and some are not.
So, I may as well be me.  Then I know if someone likes me, they like me.


	A man walks into a bar and says: "I'd like a shot of twelve-year-old
Scotch".  The bartender, who figures the guy is just being obnoxious, reaches
down under the bar and pours him a shot of bar Scotch.  The man takes one sip
and says: "Hey, bartender, I asked you for some twelve-year-old Scotch -- this
is eight-year-old Scotch."
	The bartender reaches behind the bar for the twelve-year-old Scotch,
pours a shot, hands it to the man and says "I've got to hand it to you --
most guys who come in here asking for twelve-year-old Scotch have never even
had it -- they're just being pricks.  But you really know your Scotch -- this
is on the house."
	A drunk has been sitting at the other end of the bar watching this
conversation.  He walks up to the man, hands him a glass and says "Taste this."
The man does -- and spits it out yelling, "This tastes like piss!"  To which
the drunk replies, "It is -- but how old am I?"


We have no scorched earth policy.
We have a policy of scorched Communists.
		-- General Efrain Rios Montt, President of Guatemala, 1982


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #12

	Those who can, do.  Those who can't, write the instructions.


When you are about to do an objective and scientific piece of investigation
of a topic, it is well to have the answer firmly in hand, so that you can
proceed forthrightly, without being deflected or swayed, directly to the
goal.
		-- Amrom Katz


We have more to fear from the bungling of the incompetent
than from the machinations of the wicked.


In my experience, if you have to keep the lavatory door shut by extending
your left leg, it's modern architecture.
		-- Nancy Banks Smith


I think that I shall never see
A thing as lovely as a tree.
But as you see the trees have gone
They went this morning with the dawn.
A logging firm from out of town
Came and chopped the trees all down.
But I will trick those dirty skunks
And write a brand new poem called "Trunks."


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #19
	A Los Angeles judge ruled that "a citizen may snore with immunity in
his own home, even though he may be in possession of unusual and exceptional
ability in that particular field."


Albert Camus wrote that the only serious question is whether to kill yourself
or not.  Tom Robbins wrote that the only serious question is whether time has
a beginning and an end.  Camus clearly got up on the wrong side of bed, and
Robbins must have forgotten to set the alarm.
		-- Tom Robbins


Philadelphia flying fuck, n.:
	Okay, see, he hangs from a chin-up bar with his feet on the arms
	of the rocking chair.  She crouches in the rocking chair pleasuring
	him orally.

	[Note: Personally, we've never tried this.  If you have, or if
	you do, please inform us of the results at Fortune, Box 1597,
	Rockville IL.  Thank you.  Ed.]


When I sell liquor, it's called bootlegging; when my patrons serve
it on silver trays on Lake Shore Drive, it's called hospitality.
		-- Al Capone


Writers who use a computer swear to its liberating power in tones that bear
witness to the apocalyptic power of a new divinity.  Their conviction results
from something deeper than mere gratitude for the computer's conveniences.
Every new medium of writing brings about new intensities of religious belief
and new schisms among believers.  In the 16th century the printed book helped
make possible the split between Catholics and Protestants.  In the 20th
century this history of tragedy and triumph is repeating itself as a farce.
Those who worship the Apple computer and those who put their faith in the IBM
PC are equally convinced that the other camp is damned or deluded.  Each cult
holds in contempt the rituals and the laws of the other.  Each thinks that it
is itself the one hope for salvation.
		-- Edward Mendelson, "The New Republic", February 22, 1988


You should never ride in an airplane with a sports team,
because if the plane goes down, it's you they're gonna eat!
		-- Gordon Downie, singer for Tragically Hip


Bad men live that they may eat and drink,
whereas good men eat and drink that they may live.
		-- Socrates


The person who marries for money usually earns every penny of it.


The future not being born, my friend,
we will abstain from baptizing it.
		-- George Meredith


Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science.


Prejudice, n.:
	A vagrant opinion without visible means of support.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


May you die in bed at 95, shot by a jealous spouse.


When he got in trouble in the ring, [Ali] imagined a door swung open and
inside he could see neon, orange, and green lights blinking, and bats
blowing trumpets and alligators blowing trombones, and he could hear snakes
screaming.  Weird masks and actors' clothes hung on the wall, and if he
stepped across the sill and reached for them, he knew that he was committing
himself to destruction.
		-- George Plimpton


Anarchy may not be the best form of government, but it's better than no
government at all.


Finding out what goes on in the C.I.A. is like performing acupuncture
on a rock.
		-- New York Times, Jan. 20, 1981


Neckties strangle clear thinking.
		-- Lin Yutang


	When you see someone across the room and suddenly know for a fact
that he's the most wonderful man on earth, you've got instant lust on your
hands.  Something about the way his tie is knotted is infinitely intriguing
to you, and the swell of his bicep causes inner turmoil.  This is a happy
but fleeting state of affairs.  Usually your feelings die about thirty
seconds after you get up the courage to ask him for the time, since almost
invariably he can't speak English, and if he can, he always says, "Why,
sure, little lady, it's eleven-thirty.  Wanna get high?
	Don't bother thinking that instant lust will turn into the real thing.
It may, but then you may also wake up one morning to find you're the Queen of
Romania.
		-- Cynthia Hemiel, "Sex Tips for Girls"


Do married women make the best wives?


No one has a higher opinion of him than he has.
		-- Greg Lehey, FreeBSDcon 1999


For months the loving newlywed had asked his blushing bride to perform oral
sex on him, but to no avail.  His sweet entreaties never worked, for she was
simply too innocent and inexperienced to even *think* of such a thing, let
alone attempt it.  But a year of gentle persistence finally paid off, and
one night his darling nervously but lovingly performed the act.  When it was
over, she looked deeply into his eyes, blushed, and asked, "How was I,
sweetheart?"
	He looked at her and replied, "How should I know -- I'm no
cocksucker!"


	"We're running out of adjectives to describe our situation.  We
had crisis, then we went into chaos, and now what do we call this?" said
Nicaraguan economist Francisco Mayorga, who holds a doctorate from Yale.
		-- The Washington Post, February, 1988

The New Yorker's comment:
	At Harvard they'd call it a noun.


Fill what's empty, empty what's full, scratch where it itches.
		-- Alice Roosevelt Longworth


Dr. Jekyll had something to Hyde.


It is bad luck to be superstitious.
		-- Andrew W. Mathis


Trap full -- please empty.


	One day a student came to Moon and said, "I understand how to make
a better garbage collector.  We must keep a reference count of the pointers
to each cons."
	Moon patiently told the student the following story -- "One day a
student came to Moon and said, "I understand how to make a better garbage
collector..."


You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.


American cars are made shoddily...
Cars made overseas are far superior.
		-- Barry Goldwater


Q:	How many Harvard MBAs does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	Just one.  He grasps it firmly and the universe revolves around him.


The three most important parts of a stove: lifter, leg, and poker.


We are not a clone.


Quickie, n.:
	No sooner spread than done.


Hear about...
	the Eskimo girl who spent the night with her boyfriend and
	next morning found she was six months pregnant?


A prominent broadcaster, on a big-game safari in Africa, was taken to a
watering hole where the life of the jungle could be observed. As he
looked down from his tree platform and described the scene into his
tape recorder, he saw two gnus grazing peacefully. So preoccupied were
they that they failed to observe the approach of a pride of lions led
by two magnificent specimens, obviously the leaders. The lions charged,
killed the gnus, and dragged them into the bushes where their feasting
could not be seen.  A little while later the two kings of the jungle
emerged and the radioman recorded on his tape: "Well, that's the end of
the gnus and here, once again, are the head lions."


You are destined to become the commandant of the
fighting men of the department of transportation.


A real gentleman never takes bases unless he really has to.
		-- Overheard in an algebra lecture


Hell's broken loose.
		-- Robert Greene


Reformed, n.:
	A synagogue that closes for the Jewish holidays.


She's the kind of girl who climbed the ladder of success wrong by wrong.
		-- Mae West


No matther whether th' constitution follows th' flag or not,
th' supreme court follows th' iliction returns.
		-- Mr. Dooley


It is sweet to let the mind unbend on occasion.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Intolerance is the last defense of the insecure.


Mistakes are often the stepping stones to utter failure.


Success is something I will dress for when I get there, and not until.


Drink Canada Dry!  You might not succeed, but it *_i_s* fun trying.


You say potatoe,
And I say potato.
You say tomatoe,
And I say tomato.
Potatoe, potato,
Tomatoe, tomato.
Let's go be the Vice President...


We'll pivot at warp 2 and bring all tubes to bear, Mr. Sulu!


Man usually avoids attributing cleverness to somebody else -- unless it
is an enemy.
		-- Albert Einstein


The early bird who catches the worm works for someone who comes in late
and owns the worm farm.
		-- Travis McGee


The only happiness lies in reason; all the rest of the world is dismal.
The highest reason, however, I see in the work of the artist, and he may
experience it as such.  Happiness lies in the swiftness of feeling and
thinking: all the rest of the world is slow, gradual and stupid.  Whoever
could feel the course of a light ray would be very happy, for it is very
swift.  Thinking of oneself gives little happiness.  If, however, one feels
much happiness in this, it is because at bottom one is not thinking of
oneself but of one's ideal.  This is far, and only the swift shall reach
it and are delighted.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Did you hear about young Henry Lockett?
He was blown down the street by a rocket.
	The force of the blast
	Blew his balls up his ass,
And his pecker was found in his pocket.


Though I respect that a lot
I'd be fired if that were my job
After killing Jason off and
Countless screaming argonauts

Bluebird of friendliness
Like guardian angels it's
Always near

Blue canary in the outlet by the light switch
Who watches over you
Make a little birdhouse in your soul
Not to put too fine a point on it
Say I'm the only bee in your bonnet
Make a little birdhouse in your soul

		-- "Birdhouse in your Soul", They Might Be Giants


<Daibashiw> Wasn't EMACS originally developed as a swap memory stresser,
though?

<``Erik> lispos emulator? gotta admit it's well featured, the only thing
it lacks is a decent editor


Hackers do it with bugs.


Ehrman's Commentary:
	(1) Things will get worse before they get better.
	(2) Who said things would get better?


I'm glad I was not born before tea.
		-- Sidney Smith (1771-1845)


Keep emotionally active.  Cater to your favorite neurosis.


I have a little shadow that goes in and out with me,
And what can be the use of him is more than I can see.
He is very, very like me from the heels up to the head;
And I see him jump before me, when I jump into my bed.

The funniest thing about him is the way he likes to grow--
Not at all like proper children, which is always very slow;
For he sometimes shoots up taller, like an india-rubber ball,
And he sometimes gets so little that there's none of him at all.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson


	A programmer from a very large computer company went to a software
conference and then returned to report to his manager, saying: "What sort
of programmers work for other companies?  They behaved badly and were
unconcerned with appearances. Their hair was long and unkempt and their
clothes were wrinkled and old. They crashed our hospitality suites and they
made rude noises during my presentation."
	The manager said: "I should have never sent you to the conference.
Those programmers live beyond the physical world.  They consider life absurd,
an accidental coincidence.  They come and go without knowing limitations.
Without a care, they live only for their programs.  Why should they bother
with social conventions?"
	"They are alive within the Tao."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Nobody knows the trouble I've been.


Optimist, n.:
	A bagpiper with a beeper.


If you think nobody cares if you're alive,
try missing a couple of car payments.
		-- Earl Wilson


Nuclear war would mean abolition of most comforts, and disruption of
normal routines, for children and adults alike.
		-- Willard F. Libby, "You Can Survive Atomic Attack"


Why was I born with such contemporaries?
		-- Oscar Wilde


Bees are very busy souls
They have no time for birth controls
And that is why in times like these
There are so many Sons of Bees.


Sally:	C'mon, Ted, all I'm asking you to do is share your feelings
		with me.
Ted:	ALL?  Do you realize what you're asking?  Men aren't trained
		to share.  We're trained to protect ourselves by not
		letting anyone too close.  Good grief, if I go around
		sharing everything with you, you could hang me out to dry.
Sally:	It's called "trust," Ted.
Ted:	"Sharing"?  "Trust"?  You're really asking me to sail into
		uncharted waters here.
		-- Sally Forth


Your reasoning powers are good, and you are a fairly good planner.


He who laughs last is probably your boss.


It isn't whether you win or lose, it's how much money you end up with.
		-- Jack T. Shakespeare


Mr. Rockford, this is the Thomas Crown School of Dance and Contemporary
Etiquette.  We aren't going to call again!  Now you want these free
lessons or what?


The only thing we learn from history is that we do not learn.
		-- Earl Warren

That men do not learn very much from history is the most important of all
the lessons that history has to teach.
		-- Aldous Huxley

We learn from history that we do not learn from history.
		-- Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel

HISTORY:  Papa Hegel he say that all we learn from history is that we learn
nothing from history.  I know people who can't even learn from what happened
this morning.  Hegel must have been taking the long view.
		-- Chad C. Mulligan, "The Hipcrime Vocab"


Since I hurt my pendulum
My life is all erratic.
My parrot who was cordial
Is now transmitting static.
The carpet died, a palm collapsed,
The cat keeps doing poo.
The only thing that keeps me sane
Is talking to my shoe.
		-- My Shoe


Anything anybody can say about America is true.
		-- Emmett Grogan


1.  If it doesn't smell like chili, it probably isn't.
2.  If you catch an exploding manhole cover, you can keep it.
3.  Cabs driving on the sidewalk are not permitted to pick up passengers.
4.  It's bad manners to lie down inside someone else's chalk body outline.
5.  Don't lick food from a stranger's beard.
6.  Avoid paperwork for your next of kin by keeping dental records on you.
7.  Jon Gotti Always has the right of way.
8.  Yelling at cab drivers in English wastes your time and theirs.
9.  Remember:  Regular hot dogs do not have fingernails.
10. The city does not employ so called "Wallet Inspectors".
		-- David Letterman, "Top Ten New York City Pedestrian Tips"


It is your concern when your neighbor's wall is on fire.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


I can't understand why a person will take a year or two to write a
novel when he can easily buy one for a few dollars.
		-- Fred Allen


Zippity doo dah, zippity ay,
I just gave my sister's cherry away!
To a couple of truckers from Erie P.A.,
Zippity doo dah, zippity ay.
		-- John Valby


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(19) Regardless of the pain in our memories, nostalgia only reminds us
     of the good times in our past.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Patience is long forgotten by convenience in this life.
		-- Carmen Caicedo Giraudy


Corry's Law:
	Paper is always strongest at the perforations.


I cannot overemphasize the importance of good grammar.

What a crock.  I could easily overemphasize the importance of good
grammar.  For example, I could say: "Bad grammar is the leading cause
of slow, painful death in North America," or "Without good grammar, the
United States would have lost World War II."
		-- Dave Barry, "An Utterly Absurd Look at Grammar"


Every day it's the same thing -- variety.  I want something different.


You should go home.


CAPRICORN (Dec 22 - Jan 19)
	Play your hunches.  This is a day when luck will play an important
	part in your life.  If you were smarter, you wouldn't need so much
	luck and you wouldn't be reading your horoscope, either.  You are
	a suspicious person, and it will occur to you that astrologers
	don't know what they're talking about any more than your Aunt Martha.


I thought there was something fishy about the butler.  Probably a Pisces,
working for scale.
		-- The Firesign Theatre,
		   "The Further Adventures of Nick Danger"


(1) Alexander the Great was a great general.
(2) Great generals are forewarned.
(3) Forewarned is forearmed.
(4) Four is an even number.
(5) Four is certainly an odd number of arms for a man to have.
(6) The only number that is both even and odd is infinity.
	Therefore, Alexander the Great had an infinite number of arms.


A child can go only so far in life without potty training.  It is not mere
coincidence that six of the last seven presidents were potty trained, not
to mention nearly half of the nation's state legislators.
		-- Dave Barry


Old Japanese proverb:
	There are two kinds of fools -- those who never climb Mt. Fuji,
and those who climb it twice.


Her days were spent in a kind of slow bustle; always busy without
getting on, always behind hand and lamenting it, without altering
her ways; wishing to be an economist, without contrivance or
regularity; dissatisfied with her servants, without skill to make
them better, and whether helping, or reprimanding, or indulging
them, without any power of engaging their respect.
		-- J. Austen


What do you call someone with herpes, AIDS, syphilis, and gonorrhea?
An incurable romantic.


Vail's Second Axiom:
	The amount of work to be done increases in proportion to the
	amount of work already completed.


Women who want to be equal to men lack imagination
		-- Graffito in a women's restroom


The temperature of the aqueous content of an unremittingly ogled
culinary vessel will not achieve 100 degrees on the Celsius scale.


Three minutes of serious sex and I need eight hours of sleep and
a bowl of Wheaties.
		-- Richard Pryor


Canonical, adj.:
	The usual or standard state or manner of something.  A true story:
One Bob Sjoberg, new at the MIT AI Lab, expressed some annoyance at the use
of jargon.  Over his loud objections, we made a point of using jargon as
much as possible in his presence, and eventually it began to sink in.
Finally, in one conversation, he used the word "canonical" in jargon-like
fashion without thinking.
	Steele: "Aha!  We've finally got you talking jargon too!"
	Stallman: "What did he say?"
	Steele: "He just used `canonical' in the canonical way."


[Norm is angry.]

Woody: What can I get you, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Clifford Clavin's head.
		-- Cheers, The Triangle

Sam:	Hey, what's happening, Norm?
Norm:	Well, it's a dog-eat-dog world, Sammy,
	and I'm wearing Milk-Bone underwear.
		-- Cheers, The Peterson Principle

Sam:  How's life in the fast lane, Normie?
Norm: Beats me, I can't find the on-ramp.
		-- Cheers, Diane Chambers Day


FORTUNE ANSWERS THE TOUGH QUESTIONS: #3

Q:	Why haven't you graduated yet?
A:	Well, Dad, I could have finished years ago, but I wanted
	my dissertation to rhyme.


The father, passing through his son's college town late one evening on a
business trip, thought he would pay his boy a surprise visit.  Arriving at the
lad's fraternity house, dad rapped loudly on the door.  After several minutes
of knocking, a sleepy voice drifted down from a second-floor window,
	"Whaddaya want?"
	"Does Ramsey Duncan live here?" asked the father.
	"Yeah," replied the voice.  "Dump him on the front porch."


Auction, n.:
	A gyp off the old block.


FORTRAN is a good example of a language
which is easier to parse using ad hoc techniques.
		-- D. Gries
		   [What's good about it?  Ed.]


What they say:			What they mean:

New				Different colors from previous version.
All New				Not compatible with previous version.
Exclusive			Nobody else has documentation.
Unmatched			Almost as good as the competition.
Design Simplicity		The company wouldn't give us any money.
Fool-proof Operation		All parameters are hard-coded.
Advanced Design			Nobody really understands it.
Here At Last			Didn't get it done on time.
Field Tested			We don't have any simulators.
Years of Development		Finally got one to work.
Unprecedented Performance	Nothing ever ran this slow before.
Revolutionary			Disk drives go 'round and 'round.
Futuristic			Only runs on a next generation supercomputer.
No Maintenance			Impossible to fix.
Performance Proven		Worked through Beta test.
Meets Tough Quality Standards	It compiles without errors.
Satisfaction Guaranteed		We'll send you another pack if it fails.
Stock Item			We shipped it before and can do it again.


17th Rule of Friendship:

A friend will refrain from telling you he picked up the same amount
of life insurance coverage you did for half the price when yours is
noncancellable.
		-- Esquire, May 1977


What awful irony is this?
We are as gods, but know it not.


I'm not laughing with you, I'm laughing at you.


QOTD:
	"I opened Pandora's box, let the cat out of the bag and put the
	ball in their court."
		-- Hon. J. Hacker (The Ministry of Administrative Affairs)


Flirt, n.:
	A girl whose favorite man is the next one.


Quickie, n.:
	No sooner spread than done.


Pushing 40 is exercise enough.


