Thank God for the Duchess of Gloucester,
She obliges all who accost her.
	She welcomes the prick
	Of Tom, Harry or Dick,
Or Baldwin, or even Lord Astor.


It was wonderful to find America, but it
would have been more wonderful to miss it.
		-- Mark Twain


Sure eating yoghurt will improve your sex life.  People know that if
you'll eat that stuff, you'll eat anything.


It may be better to be a live jackal than a dead lion, but it is
better still to be a live lion.  And usually easier.
		-- Lazarus Long


It is very vulgar to talk like a dentist when one isn't a dentist.
It produces a false impression.
		-- Oscar Wilde


An ounce of mother is worth a ton of priest.
		-- Spanish proverb


No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
		-- Aesop


Millions of sensible people are too high-minded to concede that politics is
almost always the choice of the lesser evil.  "Tweedledum and Tweedledee,"
they say.  "I will not vote."  Having abstained, they are presented with a
President who appoints the people who are going to rummage around in their
lives for the next four years.  Consider all the people who sat home in a
stew in 1968 rather than vote for Hubert Humphrey.  They showed Humphrey.
Those people who taught Hubert Humphrey a lesson will still be enjoying the
Nixon Supreme Court when Tricia and Julie begin to find silver threads among
the gold and the black.
		-- Russel Baker, "Ford without Flummery"


I sold my memoirs of my love life to Parker
Brothers -- they're going to make a game out of it.
		-- Woody Allen


I do not believe in the creed professed by the Jewish Church, by the Roman
Church, by the Greek Church, by the Turkish Church, by the Protestant Church,
nor by any Church that I know of.  My own mind is my own Church.
		-- Thomas Paine


Our swords shall play the orators for us.
		-- Christopher Marlowe


Gilbert's Discovery:
	Any attempt to use the new super glues results in the two pieces
	sticking to your thumb and index finger rather than to each other.


Murphy's Law is recursive.  Washing your car to make it rain doesn't work.


So, good night, you moonlit ladies,
Rock-a-bye sweet baby James.
Deep greens and blues are the colors I choose,
Won't you let me go down in my dreams?
And rock-a-bye sweet baby James.
		-- James Taylor, "Rock-a-bye Sweet Baby James"


	"The Good Ship Enterprise" (to the tune of "The Good Ship Lollipop")

On the good ship Enterprise
Every week there's a new surprise
Where the Romulans lurk
And the Klingons often go berserk.

Yes, the good ship Enterprise
There's excitement anywhere it flies
Where Tribbles play
And Nurse Chapel never gets her way.

	See Captain Kirk standing on the bridge,
	Mr. Spock is at his side.
	The weekly menace, ooh-ooh
	It gets fried, scattered far and wide.

It's the good ship Enterprise
Heading out where danger lies
And you live in dread
If you're wearing a shirt that's red.
		-- Doris Robin and Karen Trimble of The L.A. Filkharmonics


You can imagine my embarrassment when I killed the wrong guy.
		-- Joe Valachi


Anyone can become angry -- that is easy; but to be angry with the right
person, to the right degree, at the right time, for the right purpose
and in the right way -- that is not easy.
		-- Aristotle


There is something in the pang of change
More than the heart can bear,
Unhappiness remembering happiness.
		-- Euripides


It's not the men in my life, but the life in my men that counts.
		-- Mae West


But if it's 80% glucose, then why does it taste salty?
		-- Anonymous med school student


	"Verily and forsooth," replied Goodgulf darkly.  "In the past year
strange and fearful wonders I have seen.  Fields sown with barley reap
crabgrass and fungus, and even small gardens reject their artichoke hearts.
There has been a hot day in December and a blue moon.  Calendars are made with
a month of Sundays and a blue-ribbon Holstein bore alive two insurance
salesmen.  The earth splits and the entrails of a goat were found tied in
square knots.  The face of the sun blackens and the skies have rained down
soggy potato chips."
	"But what do all these things mean?" gasped Frito.
	"Beats me," said Goodgulf with a shrug,
"but I thought it made good copy."
		-- Harvard Lampoon, "Bored of the Rings"


68:
	Do me now and I'll owe you one.


Scott's second Law:
	When an error has been detected and corrected, it will be found
to have been wrong in the first place.

Corollary:
	After the correction has been found in error, it will be
impossible to fit the original quantity back into the equation.


Nuke the gay, unborn, baby whales for Jesus.


There was a man who enjoyed playing golf, and could occasionally put up
with taking in a round with his wife.  One time (with his wife along) he
was having an extremely bad round.  On the 12th hole, he sliced a drive
over by a grounds-keepers' shack.  Although he did not have a clear shot
to the green, his wife noticed that there were two doors on the shack,
and there was a possibility that, if both doors were opened, he might be
able to hit through.  Without hesitation, he instructed his wife to go
around to the other side and open the far door.  Sure enough, this gave
him a clear path to the green.  He stepped up to his ball and prepared
to hit.  His wife had been standing by the far door waiting for him to
hit through.  After a moment, she became curious and stuck her head in
the doorway, to see what he was doing.  At that exact moment, the husband
cracked a three-wood that hit his wife square on the forehead, killing
her instantly.  A few weeks later, the man was playing a round at the same
course, this time with a friend of his.  Once again on the 12th hole, he
sliced his drive to the shack.  His friend suggested that he might be able
to hit through, if he was to open both doors.
	"Nah", replied the man, "Last time I did that I took a 7".


Many hands make light work.
		-- John Heywood


Ever feel like life was a game and you had the wrong instruction book?


Unknown person(s) stole the American flag from its pole in Etra Park sometime
between 3pm Jan 17 and 11:30 am Jan 20.  The flag is described as red, white
and blue, having 50 stars and was valued at $40.
		-- Windsor-Heights Herald "Police Blotter", Jan 28, 1987


Smoking Prohibited.  Absolutely no ifs, ands, or butts.


Beauty is truth, truth beauty, that is all
Ye know on earth, and all ye need to know.
		-- John Keats


Ask your boss to reconsider -- it's so difficult to take "Go to hell"
for an answer.


The door is the key.


The longer I am out of office, the more infallible I appear to myself.
		-- Henry Kissinger


Those who do not do politics will be done in by politics.
		-- French Proverb


People in general do not willingly read
if they have anything else to amuse them.
		-- S. Johnson


Very few things happen at the right time, and the rest do not happen
at all.  The conscientious historian will correct these defects.
		-- Herodotus


Heavy, adj.:
	Seduced by the chocolate side of the force.


A great nation is any mob of people which produces at least one honest
man a century.


	GREAT MOMENTS IN AMERICAN HISTORY #21 -- July 30, 1917

On this day, New York City hotel detectives burst in and caught then-
Senator Warren G. Harding in bed with an underage girl.  He bought them
off with a $20 bribe, and later remarked thankfully, "I thought I
wouldn't get out of that under $1000!"  Always one to learn from his
mistakes, in later years President Harding carried on his affairs in a
tiny closet in the White House Cabinet Room while Secret Service men
stood lookout.


Woman would be more charming if one could
fall into her arms without falling into her hands.
		-- DeGourmont


If all men were brothers, would you let one marry your sister?


No guts, no glory.


Today is the first day of the rest of the mess.


A good marriage would be between a blind wife and deaf husband.
		-- Michel de Montaigne


People in general do not willingly read
if they have anything else to amuse them.
		-- S. Johnson


		      THE STORY OF CREATION
				or
			 THE MYTH OF URK

In the beginning there was data.  The data was without form and null,
and darkness was upon the face of the console; and the Spirit of IBM
was moving over the face of the market.  And DEC said, "Let there be
registers"; and there were registers.  And DEC saw that they carried;
and DEC separated the data from the instructions.  DEC called the data
Stack, and the instructions they called Code.  And there was evening
and there was morning, one interrupt ...
		-- Rico Tudor


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#16

Relationships:
	First of all, a man does not call a relationship a relationship -- he
refers to it as "that time when me and Suzie were doing it on a semi-regular
basis".
	When a relationship ends, a woman will cry and pour her heart out to
her girlfriends, and she will write a poem titled "All Men Are Idiots".  Then
she will get on with her life.
	A man has a little more trouble letting go.  Six months after the
breakup, at 3:00 a.m. on a Saturday night, he will call and say, "I just
wanted to let you know you ruined my life, and I'll never forgive you, and I
hate you, and you're a total floozy.  But I want you to know that there's
always a chance for us".  This is known as the "I Hate You / I Love You"
drunken phone call, that 99% if all men have made at least once.  There are
community colleges that offer courses to help men get over this need; alas,
these classes rarely prove effective.


I hold it, that a little rebellion, now and then, is a good thing...
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Fortune suggests uses for YOUR favorite UNIX commands!

Try:
	[Where is Jimmy Hoffa?			(C shell)
	^How did the^sex change operation go?	(C shell)
	"How would you rate BSD vs. System V?
	%blow					(C shell)
	'thou shalt not mow thy grass at 8am'	(C shell)
	got a light?				(C shell)
	!!:Say, what do you think of margarine?	(C shell)
	PATH=pretending! /usr/ucb/which sense	(Bourne shell)
	make love
	make "the perfect dry martini"
	man -kisses dog				(anything up to 4.3BSD)
	i=Hoffa ; >$i; $i; rm $i; rm $i		(Bourne shell)


Confucius say:
	woman who put man in dog house find him in cat house.
	woman who spring on inner-spring this spring, have off-spring
		next spring.
	man who kiss girl's behind, get crack in face.
	passionate kiss like spider web, lead to undoing of fly.
	man who kicked in testicles get left holding bag.
	man who suck nipples make clean breast of things.
	woman who slide down bannister make monkey shine.
	woman's virginity like balloon, one prick and all gone.
	Kotex not best thing on earth, but next to best.
	squirrel who run up woman's leg not find nuts.
	epileptic woman who give blow-job may bite big one.
	seven days on honeymoon make one hole weak.


What you don't know can hurt you, only you won't know it.


If I had my life to live over, I'd try to make more mistakes next time.  I
would relax, I would limber up, I would be sillier than I have been this
trip.  I know of very few things I would take seriously.  I would be crazier.
I would climb more mountains, swim more rivers and watch more sunsets.  I'd
travel and see.  I would have more actual troubles and fewer imaginary ones.
You see, I am one of those people who lives prophylactically and sensibly
and sanely, hour after hour, day after day.  Oh, I have had my moments and,
if I had it to do over again, I'd have more of them.  In fact, I'd try to
have nothing else.  Just moments, one after another, instead of living so many
years ahead each day.  I have been one of those people who never go anywhere
without a thermometer, a hot water bottle, a gargle, a raincoat and a parachute.
If I had it to do over again, I would go places and do things and travel
lighter than I have.  If I had my life to live over, I would start bare-footed
earlier in the spring and stay that way later in the fall.  I would play hooky
more.  I probably wouldn't make such good grades, but I'd learn more.  I would
ride on more merry-go-rounds.  I'd pick more daisies.


Luck, that's when preparation and opportunity meet.
		-- P. E. Trudeau


Slous' Contention:
	If you do a job too well, you'll get stuck with it.


			Pittsburgh driver's test
10: Potholes are
	a) extremely dangerous.
	b) patriotic.
	c) the fault of the previous administration.
	d) all going to be fixed next summer.
The correct answer is b.
Potholes destroy unpatriotic, unamerican, imported cars, since the holes
are larger than the cars.  If you drive a big, patriotic, American car
you have nothing to worry about.


Xander:	Let me tell you something.  When it's dark, and I'm all alone,
	and I'm scared, or freaked out, or whatever.  I always think,
	"What would Buffy do?" You're my hero.  Ok, sometimes when it's
	dark and I'm all alone I think, "What is Buffy wearing?"
Buffy:	Can that be one of those things that you never ever tell me about?
Xander:	It's a deal.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Freshman"
		   Season 1, Episode 1


At the foot of the mountain, thunder:
The image of Providing Nourishment.
Thus the superior man is careful of his words
And temperate in eating and drinking.


When I was growing up my mother kept telling me we're just friends.

I tell ya I was an ugly kid.  I was so ugly that my Dad kept the kid's
picture that came with the wallet he bought.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


A man marries to have a home, but also because he doesn't want to be
bothered with sex and all that sort of thing.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham, "The Circle"


	Many lower life forms demonstrate qualities that, at first, just don't
seem survival oriented.  For instance, the female praying mantis, after mating
with, well, her mate, will devour him.  For the male praying mantis, however,
it's a catch-22.  If he mates, he gets screwed out of an opportunity to mate
again.  If he doesn't mate, he doesn't reproduce, ending his family tree.  This
suicidal behavior is commonly called the Preying Mantis Syndrome -- and many
life forms are periodically subject to its wrath.  How did the preying mantis
become stuck in such an awful, vicious cycle?  This is probably what happened:
	The male mantis arrives at the residence of the female mantis.  After
some courtship exercises (dinner, a movie, inserting the diaphragm) they mate.
The female mantis, her lust for... lust being satisfied, relaxes while the
male raids the refrigerator and returns home.  This behavior continues until
the male and female (mantissas?) establish a permanent relationship.  Then the
male establishes a new pattern of behavior:  Football on Mondays, baseball on
Tuesdays, happy hour on Wednesdays, uh, well, uh, working-late-at-the-office
on Thursdays, etc. etc.  The female tolerates this for awhile, then files for
a divorce.  After a long court battle, she concludes one thing:  It simplifies
matters tremendously to just eat him when you're done with him.
	Well, through the centuries of evolution, the Preying Mantis Syndrome
has been carried up to the highest life forms, as well as to humans.  That is
why, one week out of every month, the female of the species will feel compelled
to bite the head off of the male.  The Syndrome is inescapable, but when it
occurs in the female of our species, it's best to just avoid them for a while.


For every credibility gap, there is a gullibility fill.
		-- R. Clopton


The lunatic, the lover, and the poet,
Are of imagination all compact...
		-- William Shakespeare, "A Midsummer Night's Dream"


It is impossible to obtain a conviction for sodomy from an English jury.
Half of them don't believe that it can physically be done, and the other
half are doing it.
		-- Winston Churchill


A girl's conscience doesn't really keep her from doing anything wrong--
it merely keeps her from enjoying it.


My band career ended late in my senior year when John Cooper and I
threw my amplifier out the dormitory window.  We did not act in haste.
First we checked to make sure the amplifier would fit through the
frame, using the belt from my bathrobe to measure, then we picked up
the amplifier and backed up to my bedroom door.  Then we rushed
forward, shouting "The WHO!  The WHO!" and we launched my amplifier
perfectly, as though we had been doing it all our lives, clean through
the window and down onto the sidewalk, where a small but appreciative
crowd had gathered.  I would like to be able to say that this was a
symbolic act, an effort on my part to break cleanly away from one state
in my life and move on to another, but the truth is, Cooper and I
really just wanted to find out what it would sound like.  It sounded
OK.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Snake"


American cars are made shoddily...
Cars made overseas are far superior.
		-- Barry Goldwater


A single flow'r he sent me, since we met.
All tenderly his messenger he chose;
Deep-hearted, pure, with scented dew still wet--
One perfect rose.

I knew the language of the floweret;
"My fragile leaves," it said, "his heart enclose."
Love long has taken for his amulet
One perfect rose.

Why is it no one ever sent me yet
One perfect limousine, do you suppose?
Ah no, it's always just my luck to get
One perfect rose.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "One Perfect Rose"


I don't know why anyone would want a computer in their home.
		-- Ken Olsen, president of DEC, 1974


The state that separates its scholars from its warriors will have its
thinking done by cowards, and its fighting by fools.

		-- Thucydides


But if it's 80% glucose, then why does it taste salty?
		-- Anonymous med school student


The only thing better than love is milk.


10. Not everybody looks good naked.
 9. Joe Garagiola was a hell of an emcee.
 8. Joe Cocker really should stick with decaffeinated coffee.
 7. Fringe!  Fringe!  Fringe!
 6. If you've got 72 hours to kill, you can probably find room for Sha Na Na.
 5. Never attend an event with a 50,000 to 1 person to Port-A-San ratio.
 4. Bellbottoms will never go out of style.
 3. A drum solo cannot be too long.
 2. I, David Letterman, will never rent out my farm again.
 1. We are stardust.  We are golden.  We are going to look really stupid to
	future generations.
		-- David Letterman, "Top Ten Lessons of Woodstock"


You're a card which will have to be dealt with.


Waiter: "Tea or coffee, gentlemen?"
1st customer: "I'll have tea."
2nd customer: "Me, too -- and be sure the glass is clean!"
	(Waiter exits, returns)
Waiter: "Two teas.  Which one asked for the clean glass?"


It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.
		-- Roger Babson


Beauty is truth, truth beauty, that is all
Ye know on earth, and all ye need to know.
		-- John Keats


Let the meek inherit the earth -- they have it coming to them.
		-- James Thurber


I think that I shall never see
A billboard lovely as a tree.
Indeed, unless the billboards fall
I'll never see a tree at all.
		-- Ogden Nash


One man's "magic" is another man's engineering.
"Supernatural" is a null word.


I'd rather be led to hell than managed to heaven.


Do you know Montana?


Wedding, n.:
	A ceremony at which two persons undertake to become one, one
	undertakes to become nothing and nothing undertakes to become
	supportable.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The Preacher, the Politician, the Teacher,
	Were each of them once a kiddie.
A child, indeed, is a wonderful creature.
	Do I want one?  God Forbiddie!
		-- Ogden Nash


I smell a wumpus.


CONSULTANT:
	(1) Someone you pay to take the watch off your wrist and tell
	you what time it is. (2) (For resume use) The working title
	of anyone who doesn't currently hold a job. Motto: Have
	Calculator, Will Travel.


Keep cool, but don't freeze.
		-- Hellman's Mayonnaise


When all else fails, EAT!!!


Said sneering Mohammed el-Din:
"Only infidel dogs put it in.
	Back home in Arabia
	We nibble the labia
Till the juice dribbles off of our chin."


Q:	What do you have if you have a moth ball in one hand and a
	moth ball in the other hand?
A:	One hell of a big moth!


The Bible says that woman was the last thing God made.
Evidently He made her on Saturday night.  She reveals his fatigue.
		-- Dumas


Ooooooh, nooooooo, not tonite!!


The meek shall inherit the earth, but *not* its mineral rights.
		-- J. P. Getty


The Least Successful Equal Pay Advertisement
	In 1976 the European Economic Community pointed out to the Irish
Government that it had not yet implemented the agreed sex equality
legislation.  The Dublin Government immediately advertised for an equal pay
enforcement officer.  The advertisement offered different salary scales for
men and women.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Quidquid latine dictum sit, altum viditur.

(Whatever is said in Latin sounds profound.)


Symbolic representation of quantitative entities is doomed to its rightful
place of minor importance in a world where flowers and beautiful women abound.
		-- Albert Einstein


NAPOLEON: What shall we do with this soldier, Giuseppe?  Everything he
	  says is wrong.
GIUSEPPE: Make him a general, Excellency, and then everything he says
	  will be right.
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "The Man of Destiny"


Have you reconsidered a computer career?


The biggest mistake you can make is to believe that you are
working for someone else.


X windows:
	You'd better sit down.
	Don't laugh.  It could be YOUR thesis project.
	Why do it right when you can do it wrong?
	Live the nightmare.
	Our bugs run faster.
	When it absolutely, positively HAS to crash overnight.
	There ARE no rules.
	You'll wish we were kidding.
	Everything you never wanted in a window system.  And more.
	Dissatisfaction guaranteed.
	There's got to be a better way.
	The next best thing to keypunching.
	Leave the thrashing to us.
	We wrote the book on core dumps.
	Even your dog won't like it.
	More than enough rope.
	Garbage at your fingertips.

Incompatibility.  Shoddiness.  Uselessness.
	X windows.


I don't believe there really IS a GAS SHORTAGE.. I think it's all just
a BIG HOAX on the part of the plastic sign salesmen -- to sell more
numbers!!


Never eat at a place called Mom's.  Never play cards with a man named Doc.
And never lie down with a woman who's got more troubles than you.
		-- Nelson Algren, "What Every Young Man Should Know"


The heroic hours of life do not announce their presence by drum and trumpet,
challenging us to be true to ourselves by appeals to the martial spirit that
keeps the blood at heat.  Some little, unassuming, unobtrusive choice presents
itself before us slyly and craftily, glib and insinuating, in the modest garb
of innocence.  To yield to its blandishments is so easy.  The wrong, it seems,
is venial...  Then it is that you will be summoned to show the courage of
adventurous youth.
		-- Benjamin Cardozo


His followers called him Mahasamatman and said he was a god.  He preferred
to drop the Maha- and the -atman, however, and called himself Sam.  He never
claimed to be a god.  But then, he never claimed not to be a god.  Circum-
stances being what they were, neither admission could be of any benefit.
Silence, though, could.  It was in the days of the rains that their prayers
went up, not from the fingering of knotted prayer cords or the spinning of
prayer wheels, but from the great pray-machine in the monastery of Ratri,
goddess of the Night.  The high-frequency prayers were directed upward through
the atmosphere and out beyond it, passing into that golden cloud called the
Bridge of the Gods, which circles the entire world, is seen as a bronze
rainbow at night and is the place where the red sun becomes orange at midday.
Some of the monks doubted the orthodoxy of this prayer technique...
		-- Roger Zelazny, "Lord of Light"


I was toilet-trained at gunpoint.
		-- Billy Braver


There's no saint like a reformed sinner.


Six days after the Creation, Adam was still alone in the Garden of
Eden, and getting pretty desperate. "God!" he cried, "rescue me from
loneliness and despair!  Send some company for Your sake!"

God replied "OK, I have just the thing. Keep you warm and relaxed all
the days of your life.  Never complains.  Looks up to you in every way.
It'll cost you though".

"Sounds ideal" said Adam. "The society of the beasts of the field and
the birds of the air palls after a while.  What's the price?"

"An arm and a leg", said God.

Adam thought about it for a bit and finally sighed.  "So, what can I get
for a rib?"


Quite frankly, I don't like you humans.
After what you all have done, I find being "inhuman" a compliment.


My ritual differs slightly.  What I do, first thing [in the morning], is I
hop into the shower stall.  Then I hop right back out, because when I hopped
in I landed barefoot right on top of See Threepio, a little plastic robot
character from "Star Wars" whom my son, Robert, likes to pull the legs off
of while he showers.  Then I hop right back into the stall because our dog,
Earnest, who has been alone in the basement all night building up powerful
dog emotions, has come bounding and quivering into the bathroom and wants
to greet me with 60 or 70 thousand playful nips, any one of which -- bear
in mind that I am naked and, without my contact lenses, essentially blind
-- could result in the kind of injury where you have to learn a whole new
part if you want to sing the "Messiah," if you get my drift.  Then I hop
right back out, because Robert, with that uncanny sixth sense some children
have -- you cannot teach it; they either have it or they don't -- has chosen
exactly that moment to flush one of the toilets.  Perhaps several of them.
		-- Dave Barry


It is better to travel hopefully than to fly Continental.


The penalty for laughing in a courtroom is six months in jail; if it
were not for this penalty, the jury would never hear the evidence.
		-- H. L. Mencken


You will be surrounded by luxury.


But the greatest Electrical Pioneer of them all was Thomas Edison, who
was a brilliant inventor despite the fact that he had little formal
education and lived in New Jersey.  Edison's first major invention in
1877, was the phonograph, which could soon be found in thousands of
American homes, where it basically sat until 1923, when the record was
invented.  But Edison's greatest achievement came in 1879, when he
invented the electric company.  Edison's design was a brilliant
adaptation of the simple electrical circuit: the electric company sends
electricity through a wire to a customer, then immediately gets the
electricity back through another wire, then (this is the brilliant
part) sends it right back to the customer again.

This means that an electric company can sell a customer the same batch
of electricity thousands of times a day and never get caught, since
very few customers take the time to examine their electricity closely.
In fact the last year any new electricity was generated in the United
States was 1937; the electric companies have been merely re-selling it
ever since, which is why they have so much free time to apply for rate
increases.
		-- Dave Barry, "What is Electricity?"


Procrastinators do it tomorrow.


Talkers are no good doers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


Resisting temptation is easier when you
think you'll probably get another chance later on.


A good sysadmin always carries around a few feet of fiber. If he ever
gets lost, he simply drops the fiber on the ground, waits ten minutes,
then asks the backhoe operator for directions.
		-- Bill Bradford <mrbill@mrbill.net>


We are all worms.  But I do believe I am a glowworm.
		-- Winston Churchill


A place for everything and everything in its place.
		-- Isabella Mary Beeton, "The Book of Household Management"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to memory management system services.]


Who cares if it doesn't do anything?  It was made with
our new Triple-Iso-Bifurcated-Krypton-Gate-MOS process...


What this country needs is a good five cent ANYTHING!


Noone ever built a statue to a critic.


Smear the road with a runner!!


I realize that the MX missile is none of our concern.  I realize that
the whole point of living in a democracy is that we pay professional
congresspersons to concern themselves with things like the MX missile
so we can be free to concern ourselves with getting hold of the
plumber.

But from time to time, I feel I must address major public issues such
as this, because in a free and open society, where the very future of
the world hinges on decisions made by our elected leaders, you never
win large cash journalism awards if you stick to the topics I usually
write about, such as nose-picking.
		-- Dave Barry, "At Last, the Ultimate Deterrent Against
		   Political Fallout"


Against stupidity the very gods Themselves contend in vain.
		-- Friedrich von Schiller, "The Maid of Orleans", III, 6


The following quote is from page 4-27 of the MSCP Basic Disk Functions
Manual which is part of the UDA50 Programmers Doc Kit manuals:

As stated above, the host area of a disk is structured as a vector of
logical blocks.  From a performance viewpoint, however, it is more
appropriate to view the host area as a four dimensional hyper-cube, the
four dimensions being cylinder, group, track, and sector.
	. . .
Referring to our hyper-cube analogy, the set of potentially accessible
blocks form a line parallel to the track axis.  This line moves
parallel to the sector axis, wrapping around when it reaches the edge
of the hyper-cube.


	The geographical center of Boston is in Roxbury.  Due north of
the center we find the South End.  This is not to be confused with South
Boston which lies directly east from the South End.  North of the South
End is East Boston and southwest of East Boston is the North End.


Software suppliers are trying to make their software packages more
"user-friendly".  ...  Their best approach, so far, has been to take all
the old brochures, and stamp the words, "user-friendly" on the cover.
		-- Bill Gates, Microsoft, Inc.


There are Jews in the world, there are Buddhists,	Every sperm is sacred,
there are Hindus and Mormons and then			Every sperm is great,
there are those that follow Mohammed  ...But...		If a sperm is wasted,
I've never been one of them.				God gets quite irate.

I am a Roman Catholic					Every sperm is wanted,
And have been since before I was born,			Every sperm is good.
And the one thing they say about Catholics is		Every sperm is needed,
They'll take you as soon as you're warm.		In your neighborhood.

You don't have to be a six-footer.		Let the heathens spill theirs,
You don't have to have a great brain.		On the dusty ground.
You don't have to have any clothes on,		God shall make them pay for
You're a Catholic the moment Dad came		Each sperm that can't be found.
...Because...

Hindu, Taoist, Mormon,				Every sperm is useful,
spill theirs just anywhere			Every sperm is fine.
but God loves those who treat their		God needs everybodies,
semen with more care.				Mine, and mine, and mine.
		-- Monty Python, "Every Sperm is Sacred"


He who despairs over an event is a coward, but he who holds hopes for
the human condition is a fool.
		-- Albert Camus


No man in the world has more courage than the man who can stop after eating
one peanut.
		-- Channing Pollock


For adult education nothing beats children.


Mad, adj.:
	Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Advertising is the most fun of anything you can do with your clothes on.
		-- Mary Wells, advertising executive


The temperature of Heaven can be rather accurately computed from available
data.  Our authority is Isaiah 30:26, "Moreover, the light of the Moon
shall be as the light of the Sun and the light of the Sun shall be sevenfold,
as the light of seven days."  Thus Heaven receives from the Moon as much
radiation as we do from the Sun, and in addition seven times seven (49) times
as much as the Earth does from the Sun, or fifty times in all.  The light we
receive from the Moon is one ten-thousandth of the light we receive from the
Sun, so we can ignore that.  With these data we can compute the temperature
of Heaven.  The radiation falling on Heaven will heat it to the point where
the heat lost by radiation is just equal to the heat received by radiation,
i.e., Heaven loses fifty times as much heat as the Earth by radiation.  Using
the Stefan-Boltzmann law for radiation, (H/E)^4 = 50, where E is the absolute
temperature of the earth (~300K), gives H as 798K (525C).  The exact
temperature of Hell cannot be computed, but it must be less than 444.6C, the
temperature at which brimstone or sulphur changes from a liquid to a gas.
Revelations 21:8 says "But the fearful, and unbelieving ... shall have their
part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone."  A lake of molten
brimstone means that its temperature must be at or below the boiling point,
or 444.6C  (Above this point it would be a vapor, not a lake.)  We have,
then, that Heaven, at 525C is hotter than Hell at 445C.
		-- "Applied Optics", vol. 11, A14, 1972


The woman hurried home from her doctor's appointment, devastated by the
medical report she had just received.  When her husband came in from work,
she told him, "Darling, the doctor said I have only twelve more hours to
live.  So I've decided I want to go to bed and make passionate love to you
throughout the night.  How does that sound, dearest?"
	"Hey, that's fine for *you*," replied the husband.  "You don't have
to get up in the morning!"


I've been feeling kind of jealous,
Of all them well-hung fellas,
Like Michael, Rod, and Mick.		It would have to be a big one,
Tell me, Doctor can you mend me?	A giant, horny love gun,
I've a case of penis envy --		To let me be a jock.
If I only had a dick.			Girls would never beg my pardon,
					They would turn on to my hardon --
					If I only had a cock.
Oh, I can tell you now,
The number of times I'd score,
I could fuck girls like			I would not be just a housewife,
	I never have before,		Living a little mouse-life
And then I'd cum (wee!)			In days that drag out long.
And fuck some more!			I would dance and I'd be merry
					Life would be a ding-a-derry
					If I only had a dong!
		-- to "If I Only Had A Brain", The Wizard of Oz


He who renders warfare fatal to all engaged in it will
be the greatest benefactor the world has yet known.
		-- Sir Richard Burton


