The founding fathers tried to set up a judicial system where the accused
received a fair trial, not a system to insure an acquittal on technicalities.


Peter Fellgett's wildcard recipe:
	Into a clean dish, place the dry ingredients and add the
	liquids until the right consistency is obtained. Turn out
	into suitable containers and cook until done.


Psychology.  Mind over matter.
Mind under matter?  It doesn't matter.
Never mind.


War spares not the brave, but the cowardly.
		-- Anacreon


For example, if \thinmskip = 3mu, this makes \thickmskip = 6mu.  But if
you also want to use \skip12 for horizontal glue, whether in math mode or
not, the amount of skipping will be in points (e.g., 6pt).  The rule is
that glue in math mode varies with the size only when it is an \mskip;
when moving between an mskip and ordinary skip, the conversion factor
1mu=1pt is always used.  The meaning of '\mskip\skip12' and
'\baselineskip=\the\thickmskip' should be clear.
		-- Donald E. Knuth, TeX 82 -- Comparison with TeX80


A real patriot is the fellow who gets a parking
ticket and rejoices that the system works.


Nullum magnum ingenium sine mixtura dementiae fuit.
		-- Seneca


Never offend with style when you can offend with substance.


Several years ago, some smart businessmen had an idea: Why not build a
big store where a do-it-yourselfer could get everything he needed at
reasonable prices?  Then they decided, nah, the hell with that, let's
build a home center.  And before long home centers were springing up
like crabgrass all over the United States.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Your reasoning powers are good, and you are a fairly good planner.


Like an expensive sports car, fine-tuned and well-built, Portia was sleek,
shapely, and gorgeous, her red jumpsuit moulding her body, which was as warm
as seatcovers in July, her hair as dark as new tires, her eyes flashing like
bright hubcaps, and her lips as dewy as the beads of fresh rain on the hood;
she was a woman driven -- fueled by a single accelerant -- and she needed a
man, a man who wouldn't shift from his views, a man to steer her along the
right road: a man like Alf Romeo.
		-- Rachel Sheeley, winner

The hair ball blocking the drain of the shower reminded Laura she would never
see her little dog Pritzi again.
		-- Claudia Fields, runner-up

It could have been an organically based disturbance of the brain -- perhaps a
tumor or a metabolic deficiency -- but after a thorough neurological exam it
was determined that Byron was simply a jerk.
		-- Jeff Jahnke, runner-up

Winners in the 7th Annual Bulwer-Lytton Bad Writing Contest.  The contest is
named after the author of the immortal lines:  "It was a dark and stormy
night."  The object of the contest is to write the opening sentence of the
worst possible novel.


The easiest way to figure the cost of living is to take your income and
add ten percent.


The capacity of human beings to bore one another seems to be vastly
greater than that of any other animals.  Some of their most esteemed
inventions have no other apparent purpose, for example, the dinner
party of more than two, the epic poem, and the science of metaphysics.
		-- H. L. Mencken


The wages of sin are high -- unless you know someone who does it for nothing.


Never say "Oops" in an operating room.


Common sense is the most evenly distributed quantity in the world.
Everyone thinks he has enough.
		-- Rene Descartes, 1637


Sentimentality -- that's what we call the sentiment we don't share.
		-- Graham Greene


Said President Jobcock one day:
"War's better than love, I should say.
	Instead of a virgin,
	It's murder I'm urgin'--
You get lots more blood that-a-way."


Quite frankly, I don't like you humans.
After what you all have done, I find being "inhuman" a compliment.


The amount of time between slipping on the peel and landing on the
pavement is precisely 1 bananosecond.


The difference between sentiment and sentimentality is easy to see.  When
you avoid killing somebody's pet on the glazeway, that's sentiment.  If you
swerve to avoid the pet and that causes you to kill pedestrians, THAT is
sentimentality.
		-- Frank Herbert, "Chapterhouse: Dune"


Lank:	Here we go.  We're about to set a new record.
Earl:	(to the crowd) How about a date?
Lank:	We've done it.  Earl has set a new record.  Turned down by
	20,000 women.
		-- Lank and Earl


Don't let your status become too quo!


Little Mary on the ice,
Went out to have a frisk,
Now wasn't little Mary nice,
Her pretty *?


All I know is what the words know, and dead things, and that
makes a handsome little sum, with a beginning and a middle and
an end, as in the well-built phrase and the long sonata of the dead.
		-- Samuel Beckett


And do you not think that each of you women is an Eve?  The judgment of God
upon your sex endures today; and with it invariably endures your position of
criminal at the bar of justice.
		-- Tertullian, second-century Christian writer


Hell, n.:
	Truth seen too late.


The so-called lessons of history are for the most part the
rationalizations of the victors.  History is written by the survivors.
		-- Max Lerner


Scintillation is not always identification for an auric substance.


We are going to have peace even if we have to fight for it.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


I don't care who you are, Fatso.  Get those reindeer off my roof.


Man in stall:
	Hey, buddy?  Is there any toilet paper out there?
Man at sink:
	No, I don't see any.  Just a second...  Nope, none in
	any of the other stalls either.
A minute passes.
Man in stall:
	Say, buddy?
Man at sink:
	Yeah?
Man in stall:
	You got change for a ten?


And this is a table ma'am.  What in essence it consists of is a horizontal
rectilinear plane surface maintained by four vertical columnar supports,
which we call legs.  The tables in this laboratory, ma'am, are as advanced
in design as one will find anywhere in the world.
		-- Michael Frayn, "The Tin Men"


Large increases in cost with questionable increases in
performance can be tolerated only in race horses and women.
		-- Lord Kelvin


Q:	What do you call a truck load of vibrators?
A:	Toys for twats.


I attribute my success to intelligence, guts, determination, honesty,
ambition, and having enough money to buy people with those qualities.


This land is made of mountains,
This land is made of mud,
This land has lots of everything,
For me and Elmer Fudd.

This land has lots of trousers,
This land has lots of mousers,
And pussycats to eat them
When the sun goes down.


I'll grant thee random access to my heart,
Thoul't tell me all the constants of thy love;
And so we two shall all love's lemmas prove
And in our bound partition never part.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


What we Are is God's give to us.
What we Become is our gift to God.


The solution of problems is the most characteristic
and peculiar sort of voluntary thinking.
		-- William James


When the President does it, that means it is not illegal.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


I am an atheist, thank God!


A list is only as strong as its weakest link.
		-- Donald E. Knuth


Q:	How do you keep a moron in suspense?


We are experiencing system trouble -- do not adjust your terminal.


Man proposes, God disposes.
		-- Thomas a Kempis


Support bacteria -- it's the only culture some people have!


APHASIA:
	Loss of speech in social scientists when asked
	at parties, "But of what use is your research?"


It was this guy's first day in the penitentiary; he was in a cell with a
huge burley inmate, and he was pretty nervous.  At lights-out, the inmate
jumped out of his bunk, and, turning to our hero, said, "We're going to
have sex!  You want to be the Mommy or the Daddy?"
	A very terrified hero managed to squeak out, "Uh, well, uh, I guess
I'll be the Daddy."
	"OK," smiled his roommate, "get down here and suck your Momma's dick!"


Turnaucka's Law:
	The attention span of a computer is only as long as its
	electrical cord.


The Great Movie Posters:

HOT STEEL BETWEEN THEIR LEGS!
		-- The Cycle Savages (1969)

The Hand that Rocks the Cradle...  Has no Flesh on It!
		-- Who Slew Auntie Roo? (1971)

TWO GREAT BLOOD HORRORS TO RIP OUT YOUR GUTS!
		-- I Eat Your Skin & I Drink Your Blood (1971 double-bill)

They Went In People and Came Out Hamburger!
		-- The Corpse Grinders (1971)


Doing business with the government is like fucking sheep.
It's easy, but it's not very satisfying.


NAPOLEON: What shall we do with this soldier, Giuseppe?  Everything he
	  says is wrong.
GIUSEPPE: Make him a general, Excellency, and then everything he says
	  will be right.
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "The Man of Destiny"


The only qualities for real success in journalism are ratlike cunning, a
plausible manner and a little literary ability.  The capacity to steal
other people's ideas and phrases ... is also invaluable.
		-- Nicolas Tomalin, "Stop the Press, I Want to Get On"


Goto, n.:
	A programming tool that exists to allow structured programmers
	to complain about unstructured programmers.
		-- Ray Simard


Brady's First Law of Problem Solving:
	When confronted by a difficult problem, you can solve it more
	easily by reducing it to the question, "How would the Lone Ranger
	have handled this?"


Better late than never.
		-- Titus Livius (Livy)


Armenians and Azerbaijanis in Stepanakert, capital of the Nagorno-Karabakh
autonomous region, rioted over much needed spelling reform in the Soviet
Union.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


It is the quality rather than the quantity that matters.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca


A little retrospection shows that although many fine, useful software systems
have been designed by committees and built as part of multipart projects,
those software systems that have excited passionate fans are those that are
the products of one or a few designing minds, great designers.  Consider Unix,
APL, Pascal, Modula, the Smalltalk interface, even Fortran; and contrast them
with Cobol, PL/I, Algol, MVS/370, and MS-DOS.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr.


Keep your boss's boss off your boss's back.


Fifth Law of Procrastination:
	Procrastination avoids boredom; one never has the feeling that
there is nothing important to do.


Practical politics consists in ignoring facts.
		-- Henry Adams


FORTUNE TESTS THE GREAT MANAGERS: #5

You have just returned from a trip to Green Bay, Wisconsin in January and
tell your boss that nobody but ladies of the evening and football players
live there.  He mentions that his wife is from Green Bay.  You:

	(a)  Pretend you are suffering from amnesia and don't
		remember your name.
	(b)  Ask what position she played.
	(c)  Ask if she is still working the streets.
	(d)  Pull lacy underwear from your raincoat pocket and ask
		if he recognizes the label.


Everyone is in the best seat.
		-- John Cage


Human cardiac catheterization was introduced by Werner Forssman in 1929.
Ignoring his department chief, and tying his assistant to an operating
table to prevent her interference, he placed a urethral catheter into
a vein in his arm, advanced it to the right atrium [of his heart], and
walked upstairs to the x-ray department where he took the confirmatory
x-ray film.  In 1956, Dr. Forssman was awarded the Nobel Prize.


A bore is someone who persists in holding his
own views after we have enlightened him with ours.


Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday,
lying in hospitals dying of nothing.
		-- Redd Foxx


Isn't it conceivable to you that an intelligent
person could harbor two opposing ideas in his mind?
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson, to reporters


If you don't have the time right now,
will you have redo right time later?


I can relate to that.


	One PAYDAY, MR. GOODBAR wanted a BIT O' HONEY.  So he took his Miss
HERSHEY behind the POWERHOUSE on the corner of 5th AVENUE and CLARK where he
there began to feel her MOUNDS.  And that was an ALMOND JOY which definitely
made his TOOTSIE ROLL.
	He let out a SNICKER as he slipped his BUTTERFINGER up her KIT KAT
which of course caused the MILKY WAY.  She screamed "OH, HENRY!" as she
squeezed his PETER, PAUL and ZAGNUTS and said "you're better then the 3
MUSKETEERS."
		-- John Volby (Dr. Dirty), "The Candy Bar Poem"


WARNING:
	Reading this fortune can affect the dimensionality of your
	mind, change the curvature of your spine, cause the growth
	of hair on your palms, and make a difference in the outcome
	of your favorite war.


It is better to remain childless than to father an orphan.


Your supervisor is thinking about you.


FORTUNE EXPLAINS WHAT JOB REVIEW CATCH PHRASES MEAN:	#9

Has management potential:
	Because of his intimate relationship with inanimate objects, the
	reviewee has been appointed to the critical position of department
	pencil monitor.

Inspirational:
	A true inspiration to others.  ("There, but for the grace of God,
	go I.")

Adapts to stress:
	Passes wind, water, or out depending upon the severity of the
	situation.

Goal oriented:
	Continually sets low goals for himself, and usually fails
	to meet them.


If you could only get that wonderful feeling of
accomplishment without having to accomplish anything.


We all declare for liberty, but in using the
same word we do not all mean the same thing.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Just a few of the perfect excuses for having some strawberry shortcake.
Pick one.

1:	It's less calories than two pieces of strawberry shortcake.
2:	It's cheaper than going to France.
3:	It neutralizes the brownies I had yesterday.
4:	Life is short.
5:	It's somebody's birthday.  I don't want them to celebrate alone.
6:	It matches my eyes.
7:	Whoever said, "Let them eat cake." must have been talking to me.
8:	To punish myself for eating dessert yesterday.
9:	Compensation for all the time I spend in the shower not eating.
10:	Strawberry shortcake is evil.  I must help rid the world of it.
11:	I'm getting weak from eating all that healthy stuff.
12:	It's the second anniversary of the night I ate plain broccoli.


I have discovered that all human evil comes from this, man's being unable
to sit still in a room.
		-- Blaise Pascal


Ask not for whom the Bell tolls, and you
will pay only the station-to-station rate.
		-- Howard Kandel


The debate rages on: Is PL/I Bachtrian or Dromedary?


Fast, cheap, good: pick two.


Men -- can't live with 'em, can't leave
'em by the curb when you're done.


A woman occasionally is quite a serviceable substitute for masturbation.
It takes an abundance of imagination, to be sure.
		-- Karl Kraus, "Die Fackel"


	[I plan] to see, hear, touch, and destroy everything in my path,
including beets, rutabagas, and most random vegetables, but excluding yams,
as I am absolutely terrified of yams...
	Actually, I think my fear of yams began in my early youth, when many
of my young comrades pelted me with same for singing songs of far-off lands
and deep blue seas in a language closely resembling that of the common sow.
My psychosis was further impressed into my soul as I reached adolescence,
when, while skipping through a field of yams, light-heartedly tossing flowers
into the stratosphere, a great yam-picking machine tore through the fields,
pursuing me to the edge of the great plantation, where I escaped by diving
into a great ditch filled with a mixture of water and pig manure, which may
explain my tendency to scream, "Here come the Martians!  Hide the eggs!" every
time I have pork.  But I digress.  The fact remains that I cannot rationally
deal with yams, and pigs are terrible conversationalists.


Be assured that a walk through the ocean of most Souls would scarcely
get your Feet wet.  Fall not in Love, therefore: it will stick to your
face.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


The pitcher wound up and he flang the ball at the batter.  The batter swang
and missed.  The pitcher flang the ball again and this time the batter
connected.  He hit a high fly right to the center fielder. The center
fielder was all set to catch the ball, but at the last minute his eyes were
blound by the sun and he dropped it.
		-- Dizzy Dean


C, n.:
	A programming language that is sort of like Pascal except more like
	assembly except that it isn't very much like either one, or anything
	else.  It is either the best language available to the art today, or
	it isn't.
		-- Ray Simard


Anybody who doesn't cut his speed at the
sight of a police car is probably parked.


I've always felt sorry for people that don't drink -- remember,
when they wake up, that's as good as they're gonna feel all day!


jake hates
	  all the girls(the
shy ones, the bold		paul scorns all
ones; the meek				       the girls(the
proud sloppy sleek)		bright ones, the dim
all except the cold		ones; the slim
		   ones		plump tiny tall)
				all except the
					      dull ones
gus loves all the
		 girls(the
warped ones, the lamed		mike likes all the girls
ones; the mad						(the
moronic maimed)			fat ones, the lean
all except			ones; the mean
	  the dead ones		kind dirty clean)
				all
				   except the green ones
		-- e. e. cummings


A lady with one of her ears applied
To an open keyhole heard, inside,
Two female gossips in converse free --
The subject engaging them was she.
"I think", said one, "and my husband thinks
That she's a prying, inquisitive minx!"
As soon as no more of it she could hear
The lady, indignant, removed her ear.
"I will not stay," she said with a pout,
"To hear my character lied about!"
		-- Gopete Sherany


Just because everything is different doesn't mean anything has changed.
		-- Irene Peter


Mathematicians practice absolute freedom.
		-- Henry Adams


The difference between a sorority girl and a bowling ball
is that you can only get three fingers in a bowling ball.


Of course power tools and alcohol don't mix.  Everyone knows power
tools aren't soluble in alcohol...
		-- Crazy Nigel


Comparing software engineering to classical engineering assumes that software
has the ability to wear out.  Software typically behaves, or it does not.  It
either works, or it does not.  Software generally does not degrade, abrade,
stretch, twist, or ablate.  To treat it as a physical entity, therefore, is
misapplication of our engineering skills.  Classical engineering deals with
the characteristics of hardware; software engineering should deal with the
characteristics of *software*, and not with hardware or management.
		-- Dan Klein


Put a pot of chili on the stove to simmer.
Let it simmer.  Meanwhile, broil a good steak.
Eat the steak.  Let the chili simmer.  Ignore it.
		-- Recipe for chili from Allan Shrivers, former governor
		   of Texas.


I love to eat them Smurfies
Smurfies what I love to eat
Bite they ugly heads off,
Nibble on they bluish feet.


The most hopelessly stupid man is he who is not aware that he is wise.


You're ugly and your mother dresses you funny.


Reporter (to Mahatma Gandhi):
		Mr. Gandhi, what do you think of Western Civilization?
Gandhi:		I think it would be a good idea.


Behold the unborn fetus and
	Weep salt tears crocodilian;
All life is sacred (save, of course,
	An enemy civilian).


Consider the little mouse, how sagacious an animal
it is which never entrusts its life to one hole only.
		-- Titus Maccius Plautus


In the Top 40, half the songs are secret messages to the teen world to drop
out, turn on, and groove with the chemicals and light shows at discotheques.
		-- Art Linkletter


What if there had been room at the inn?
		-- Linda Festa on the origins of Christianity


One day the King decided that he would force all his subjects to tell the
truth.  A gallows was erected in front of the city gates.  A herald announced,
"Whoever would enter the city must first answer the truth to a question
which will be put to him."  Nasrudin was first in line.  The captain of the
guard asked him, "Where are you going?  Tell the truth -- the alternative
is death by hanging."
	"I am going," said Nasrudin, "to be hanged on that gallows."
	"I don't believe you."
	"Very well, if I have told a lie, then hang me!"
	"But that would make it the truth!"
	"Exactly," said Nasrudin, "your truth."


In this world, truth can wait; she's used to it.


How to Raise Your I.Q. by Eating Gifted Children
		-- Book title by Lewis B. Frumkes


When someone makes a move		We'll send them all we've got,
Of which we don't approve,		John Wayne and Randolph Scott,
Who is it that always intervenes?	Remember those exciting fighting scenes?
U.N. and O.A.S.,			To the shores of Tripoli,
They have their place, I guess,		But not to Mississippoli,
But first, send the Marines!		What do we do?  We send the Marines!

For might makes right,			Members of the corps
And till they've seen the light,	All hate the thought of war:
They've got to be protected,		They'd rather kill them off by
						peaceful means.
All their rights respected,		Stop calling it aggression--
Till somebody we like can be elected.	We hate that expression!
					We only want the world to know
					That we support the status quo;
					They love us everywhere we go,
					So when in doubt, send the Marines!
		-- Tom Lehrer, "Send The Marines"


		The STAR WARS Song
	Sung to the tune of "Lola", by the Kinks:

I met him in a swamp down in Dagobah
Where it bubbles all the time like a giant cabinet soda
	S-O-D-A soda
I saw the little runt sitting there on a log
I asked him his name and in a raspy voice he said Yoda
	Y-O-D-A Yoda, Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda

Well I've been around but I ain't never seen
A guy who looks like a Muppet but he's wrinkled and green
	Oh my Yoda, Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda
Well I'm not dumb but I can't understand
How he can raise me in the air just by raising his hand
	Oh my Yoda, Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda, Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda


And the French medical anatomist Etienne Serres really did argue that
black males are primitive because the distance between their navel and
penis remains small (relative to body height) throughout life, while
white children begin with a small separation but increase it during
growth -- the rising belly button as a mark of progress.
		-- S. J. Gould, "Racism and Recapitulation"


Q:	Are we not men?
A:	We are Vaxen.


Come, muse, let us sing of rats!
		-- From a poem by James Grainger (1721-1767)


Kaufman's First Law of Party Physics:
	Population density is inversely proportional
	to the square of the distance from the keg.


If you don't strike oil in twenty minutes, stop boring.
		-- Andrew Carnegie, on public speaking


When in doubt, do it.  It's much easier
to apologize than to get permission.
		-- Grace Murray Hopper


	A housewife, an accountant and a lawyer were asked to add 2 and 2.
	The housewife replied, "Four!".
	The accountant said, "It's either 3 or 4.  Let me run those figures
through my spread sheet one more time."
	The lawyer pulled the drapes, dimmed the lights and asked in a
hushed voice, "How much do you want it to be?"


Women waste men's lives and think they have
indemnified them by a few gracious words.
		-- Honore de Balzac


One fall day, two men were out in the woods hunting.  Feeling a sudden need
to relieve himself, George went over to a nearby clump of bushes, unzipped
his fly, and started in when a poisonous snake lunged out of the bushes and
bit him on his penis.  Hearing George's howl of pain and fright, his friend
Fred came running up and told him to lie still while he used the radio to
call a doctor.
	"There's only one way to save your friend's life," said the doctor
gravely.  "If you cut a shallow 'X' over the bite and then suck as much of
the poison out as you can, he'll probably be okay, but otherwise there's not
much hope."
	Hearing Fred's footsteps, George rose weakly up on one elbow and
cried out, "Fred, what'd he say?  What did the doctor say?"
	"George, old friend," said Fred sadly, "he said you're gonna die."


Like private parts to the Gods are we,
they play with us for their sport.
		-- Lord Melchett (Blackadder 2)


Alaska, where Moosehead isn't a beer, it's a misdemeanor.

Q:	You know how to figure out if your lover's been "involved"?
A:	Antler marks on their hips.


Wit, n.:
	The salt with which the American Humorist spoils his cookery...
	by leaving it out.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Give me enough medals, and I'll win any war.
		-- Napoleon


Change your thoughts and you change your world.


Have you locked your file cabinet?


Forty isn't old, if you're a tree.


curtation n. The enforced compression of a string in the fixed-length field
environment.
	The problem of fitting extremely variable-length strings such as names,
addresses, and item descriptions into fixed-length records is no trivial
matter.  Neglect of the subtle art of curtation has probably alienated more
people than any other aspect of data processing.  You order Mozart's "Don
Giovanni" from your record club, and they invoice you $24.95 for MOZ DONG.
The witless mapping of the sublime onto the ridiculous!  Equally puzzling is
the curtation that produces the same eight characters, THE BEST, whether you
order "The Best of Wagner", "The Best of Schubert", or "The Best of the Turds".
Similarly, wine lovers buying from computerized wineries twirl their glasses,
check their delivery notes, and inform their friends, "A rather innocent,
possibly overtruncated CAB SAUV 69 TAL."  The squeezing of fruit into 10
columns has yielded such memorable obscenities as COX OR PIP.  The examples
cited are real, and the curtational methodology which produced them is still
with us.

MOZ DONG n.
	Curtation of Don Giovanni by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Lorenzo da
Ponte, as performed by the computerized billing ensemble of the Internat'l
Preview Society, Great Neck (sic), N.Y.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


	During a grouse hunt in North Carolina two intrepid sportsmen
were blasting away at a clump of trees near a stone wall.  Suddenly a
red-faced country squire popped his head over the wall and shouted,
"Hey, you almost hit my wife."
	"Did I?"  cried the hunter, aghast.  "Terribly sorry.  Have a
shot at mine, over there."


Go ahead, make my day.
		-- (Dirty) Harry Callahan


He that breaks a thing to find out what it is has left the path of wisdom.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


Well, I'm disenchanted too.  We're all disenchanted.
		-- James Thurber


Finagle's Second Law:
	No matter what the anticipated result, there will always be
	someone eager to (a) misinterpret it, (b) fake it, or
	(c) believe it happened according to his own pet theory.


Sam:	What's going on, Normie?
Norm:	My birthday, Sammy.  Give me a beer, stick a candle in
	it, and I'll blow out my liver.
		-- Cheers, Where Have All the Floorboards Gone

Woody:	Hey, Mr. P.  How goes the search for Mr. Clavin?
Norm:	Not as well as the search for Mr. Donut.
	Found him every couple of blocks.
		-- Cheers, Head Over Hill


Bunker's Admonition:
	You cannot buy beer; you can only rent it.


