TO ME, CLOWNS AREN'T FUNNY. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered
where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the
circus and a clown killed my dad.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


There are three kinds of lies: Lies, Damned Lies, and Statistics.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli


Yes, we will be going to OSI, Mars and, Pluto, but not necessarily in
that order.
		-- George Michaelson


Egotism is the anesthetic given by a kindly nature
to relieve the pain of being a damned fool.
		-- Bellamy Brooks


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #1

In Blythe, California, a city ordinance declares that a person must own
at least two cows before he can wear cowboy boots in public.


Subpoena, n.:
	From the root "sub", below, and the Latin "poena" for male
	organ or penis.  Therefore, "below the penis" or "by the balls."


First rule of public speaking.
	First, tell 'em what you're goin' to tell 'em;
	then tell 'em;
	then tell 'em what you've tole 'em.


The abuse of greatness is when it disjoins remorse from power.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"


Most people are unable to write because they are unable to think, and
they are unable to think because they congenitally lack the equipment
to do so, just as they congenitally lack the equipment to fly over the
moon.
		-- H. L. Mencken


I feel sorry for your brain... all alone in that great big head...


The whole world is about three drinks behind.
		-- Humphrey Bogart


That government is best which governs least.
		-- Henry David Thoreau, "Civil Disobedience"


One of my favorite jokes, a telling commentary on Jewish mothers' capacity
to lay on guilt, involves the mother who gave her son two neckties on Chanuka.
	"The boy hurried into his bedroom, ripped off the tie he was wearing,
put on one of the ties his mother had brought him, and hurried back.  "Look,
Mama! Isn't it gorgeous?"
	"Mama asked, 'What's the matter?  You don't like the other one?'"
		-- Leo Rosten, "Hooray For Yiddish"


Radicalism:
	The conservatism of tomorrow injected into the affairs of today.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


Caution: Breathing may be hazardous to your health.


Democracy is also a form of worship.
It is the worship of Jackals by Jackasses.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Distrust all those who love you extremely upon a very slight
acquaintance and without any visible reason.
		-- Lord Chesterfield


Welcome to Utah.
If you think our liquor laws are funny, you should see our underwear!


If you don't do it, you'll never know what
would have happened if you had done it.


Quickie, n.:
	A moment's piece.


To those accustomed to the precise, structured methods of conventional
system development, exploratory development techniques may seem messy,
inelegant, and unsatisfying.  But it's a question of congruence:
precision and flexibility may be just as disfunctional in novel,
uncertain situations as sloppiness and vacillation are in familiar,
well-defined ones.  Those who admire the massive, rigid bone structures
of dinosaurs should remember that jellyfish still enjoy their very
secure ecological niche.
		-- Beau Sheil, "Power Tools for Programmers"


10. Not everybody looks good naked.
 9. Joe Garagiola was a hell of an emcee.
 8. Joe Cocker really should stick with decaffeinated coffee.
 7. Fringe!  Fringe!  Fringe!
 6. If you've got 72 hours to kill, you can probably find room for Sha Na Na.
 5. Never attend an event with a 50,000 to 1 person to Port-A-San ratio.
 4. Bellbottoms will never go out of style.
 3. A drum solo cannot be too long.
 2. I, David Letterman, will never rent out my farm again.
 1. We are stardust.  We are golden.  We are going to look really stupid to
	future generations.
		-- David Letterman, "Top Ten Lessons of Woodstock"


An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile -- hoping that it will eat
him last.
		-- Sir Winston Churchill, 1954


What on earth would a man do with himself
if something did not stand in his way?
		-- H. G. Wells


If while you are in school, there is a shortage of qualified personnel
in a particular field, then by the time you graduate with the necessary
qualifications, that field's employment market is glutted.
		-- Marguerite Emmons


It's midnight.  The old man is awake, nervously pacing the floor, as his
20-year-old son comes in.

	"Whatta you mean?  You staya out alla night, you runna around widda
bums.  Whatta you trying to do?"
	"Papa, don't talk like that," replies the boy.
	"Who-a you, tella me notta talka like that?  You no work, you
chase-a bad women, whatta become of you?"
	"Papa, *please* don't talk like that."
	"Don'ta talka like that?  Whatta you mean?  Why shouldn't I talka
likka that?"
	"Papa, we're not Italian."


Fortune understands that the vote on a bill to legalize bisexuality
could go either way.


Confession is good for the soul only in the sense
that a tweed coat is good for dandruff.
		-- Peter de Vries


Hi! How are things going?
	(just fine, thank you...)
Great! Say, could I bother you for a question?
	(you just asked one...)
Well, how about one more?
	(one more than the first one?)
Yes.
	(you already asked that...)
[at this point, Alphonso gets smart...	]
May I ask two questions, sir?
	(no.)
May I ask ONE then?
	(nope...)
Then may I ask, sir, how I may ask you a question?
	(yes, you may.)
Sir, how may I ask you a question?
	(you must ask for retroactive question asking privileges for
	 the number of questions you have asked, then ask for that
	 number plus two, one for the current question, and one for the
	 next one)
Sir, may I ask nine questions?
	(go right ahead...)


Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot.
		-- Groucho Marx


Neutron bomb, n.:
	An explosive device of limited military value because, as
	it only destroys people without destroying property, it
	must be used in conjunction with bombs that destroy property.


You will forget that you ever knew me.


	A shy teenage boy finally worked up the nerve to give a gift to
Madonna, a young puppy.  It hitched its waggin' to a star.
	A girl spent a couple hours on the phone talking to her two best
friends, Maureen Jones, and Maureen Brown.  When asked by her father why she
had been on the phone so long, she responded "I heard a funny story today
and I've been telling it to the Maureens."
	Three actors, Tom, Fred, and Cec, wanted to do the jousting scene
from Don Quixote for a local TV show.  "I'll play the title role," proposed
Tom.  "Fred can portray Sancho Panza, and Cecil B. De Mille."


Absentee, n.:
	A person with an income who has had the forethought
	to remove himself from the sphere of exaction.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


If you can't be good, be careful.
If you can't be careful, give me a call.


Don't interfere with the stranger's style.


Love may laugh at locksmiths, but he has a profound respect for money bags.
		-- Sidney Paternoster, "The Folly of the Wise"


Take me drunk,
I'm home again!


Abstract:
	This study examined the incidence of neckwear tightness among a group
of 94 white-collar working men and the effect of a tight business-shirt collar
and tie on the visual performance of 22 male subjects.  Of the white-collar
men measured, 67% were found to be wearing neckwear that was tighter than
their neck circumference.  The visual discrimination of the 22 subjects was
evaluated using a critical flicker frequency (CFF) test.  Results of the CFF
test indicated that tight neckwear significantly decreased the visual
performance of the subjects and that visual performance did not improve
immediately when tight neckwear was removed.
		-- Langan, L. M. and Watkins, S. M. "Pressure of Menswear on the
		   Neck in Relation to Visual Performance."  Human Factors 29,
		   #1 (Feb. 1987), pp. 67-71.


Home is the place where, when you have to go there,
they have to take you in.
		-- Robert Frost, "The Death of the Hired Man"


FORTUNE'S PARTY TIPS: #14

	Tired of finding that other people are helping themselves to
your good liquor at BYOB parties?  Take along a candle, which you insert
and light after you've opened the bottle.  No one ever expects anything
drinkable to be in a bottle which has a candle stuck in its neck.


It is impossible to make anything
foolproof because fools are so ingenious.


The Feynman Problem-Solving Algorithm:
	(1) write down the problem.
	(2) think very hard.
	(3) write down the answer.
		-- Murray Gell-Mann


	When managers hold endless meetings, the programmers write games.
When accountants talk of quarterly profits, the development budget is about
to be cut.  When senior scientists talk blue sky, the clouds are about to
roll in.
	Truly, this is not the Tao of Programming.
	When managers make commitments, game programs are ignored.  When
accountants make long-range plans, harmony and order are about to be restored.
When senior scientists address the problems at hand, the problems will soon
be solved.
	Truly, this is the Tao of Programming.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


University, n.:
	Like a software house, except the software's free, and it's
	usable, and it works, and if it breaks they'll quickly tell
	you how to fix it, and...

	[Okay, okay, I'll leave it in, but I think you're destroying
	 the credibility of the entire fortune program.  Ed.]


Gibson's Springtime Song (to the tune of "Deck the Halls"):

'Tis the season to chase mousies (Fa la la la la, la la la la)
Snatch them from their little housies (...)
First we chase them 'round the field (...)
Then we have them for a meal (...)

Toss them here and catch them there (...)
See them flying through the air (...)
Watch them fly and hear them squeal (...)
Falling mice have great appeal (...)

See the hunter stretched before us (...)
He's chased the mice in field and forest (...)
Watch him clean his long white whiskers (...)
Of the blood of little critters (...)


Although a fifth-generation American, Father Sweeny was more Irish than most
of Erin's natives.  He spoke with an Irish brogue which had mysteriously
appeared during his nineteenth year and he *hated* the English.  Due to his
proclivity to belabor the British from his pulpit, complaints to his
superiors were not infrequent.  He would blame anything evil or merely
inconvenient on the English people.  If there was an act of terrorism, the
responsibility was promptly laid at the feet of the Brits.  If there was a
natural disaster, undoubtedly the English government was an accessory to
the fact, if not outrightly culpable.  Repeatedly, his superiors called him
on the carpet for his behavior.  After a particularly vituperative
anti-British broadside, the Bishop instructed Father Sweeny to come straight
to his office; do not pass GO; do not collect two hundred dollars.  Summing
up a humiliating and soul-marking reprimand, the Bishop ended with: "Next
week is Saint Patrick's Day.  If you so much as *mention* the British, it's
your last sermon!"

The following Sunday, as Father Sweeny spoke lovingly and eloquently of
Saint Patrick, and he made a reference to the last Passover celebrated by
Christ and His disciples.  "Sure, an' you're all familiar with the tale.
You know that Our Lord sat at the table and told his disciples that one
among them would betray Him.  As He looked around the table, He stopped at
Peter, the Rock, who said, `Not I, Lord!'  He looked at Thomas, who doubted,
and Thomas said, `I could never do such a thing!'  Then the Lord looked long
and hard at Judas Iscariot, who said, `Cor, bloimy, Guv'na, you couldn't
main may!'"


DALLAS:
	The city that chose Astroturf to
	keep the cheerleaders from grazing.


American business long ago gave up on demanding that prospective
employees be honest and hardworking.  It has even stopped hoping for
employees who are educated enough that they can tell the difference
between the men's room and the women's room without having little
pictures on the doors.
		-- Dave Barry, "Urine Trouble, Mister"


A businessman is a hybrid of a dancer and a calculator.
		-- Paul Valery


There is a 20% chance of tomorrow.


Cobol programmers are down in the dumps.


... "fire" does not matter, "earth" and "air" and "water" do not matter.
"I" do not matter.  No word matters.  But man forgets reality and remembers
words.  The more words he remembers, the cleverer do his fellows esteem him.
He looks upon the great transformations of the world, but he does not see
them as they were seen when man looked upon reality for the first time.
Their names come to his lips and he smiles as he tastes them, thinking he
knows them in the naming.
		-- Roger Zelazny, "Lord of Light"


He who hesitates is last.


A Norse god decides to assume human form, come down from Valhalla, and check
out the local action.  He finds himself in the piano bar of Caesar's Boardwalk
Regency in Atlantic City, and sits down to sip an Acquavit or two.  After a few
minutes, an extremely attractive young woman, having been taken with his form
and features, sends a drink down to him, then joins him.  The chemistry between
them is immediate and total.  They have the next drink in her room, and spend
the night repeatedly making passionate love.  The woman has no idea of her
partner's true identity; all she knows is he's driving her mad.  In the
morning, the Norse god jumps into the shower.  Reflecting on the previous
night he decides that he wants to be honest with his new lover.  Without even
bothering to wrap himself in a towel, he leaps from the shower into the room,
where the woman is still in bed, exhausted.  He kneels beside the bed, looks
deep into her eyes and says, "Honey, I have something very important to tell
you -- I'm Thor!".
	The woman looks at him.  "You're Thor?", she says. "My inthides feel
like grated cheeth!"


Boy, n.:
	A noise with dirt on it.


At the hospital, a doctor is training an intern on how to announce bad news
to the patients.  The doctor tells the intern "This man in 305 is going to
die in six months.  Go in and tell him."  The intern boldly walks into the
room, over to the man's bedside and tells him "Seems like you're gonna die!"
The man has a heart attack and is rushed into surgery on the spot.  The doctor
grabs the intern and screams at him, "What!?!? are you some kind of moron?
You've got to take it easy, work your way up to the subject.  Now this man in
213 has about a week to live.  Go in and tell him, but, gently, you hear me,
gently!"
	The intern goes softly into the room, humming to himself, cheerily
opens the drapes to let the sun in, walks over to the man's bedside, fluffs
his pillow and wishes him a "Good morning!"  "Wonderful day, no?  Say...
guess who's going to die soon!"


... and furthermore ... I don't like your trousers.


This is NOT a repeat.


State license plates we'd like to see:

	   NEVADA				MASSACHUSETTS
	  LVME 10DR				  OW-A CAH
LAND OF 10,00 ELVIS IMPERSONATORS	   THE GOOFY ACCENT STATE

	   HAWAII				WISCONSIN
	   L-O HA				 CHEDDAR
FRUITY UMBRELLA COCKTAIL WONDERLAND	    EAT CHEESE OR DIE


Jesus Saves,
Moses Invests,
But only Buddha pays Dividends.


THEORY:
	System of ideas meant to explain something, chosen with a view to
	originality, controversialism, incomprehensibility, and how good
	it will look in print.


	People who claim to know jackrabbits will tell you they are primarily
motivated by Fear, Stupidity and Craziness.  But I have spent enough time in
jackrabbit country to know that most of them lead pretty dull lives; they are
bored with their daily routines:  eat, fuck, sleep, hop around a bush now and
then... No wonder some of them drift over the line into cheap thrills once in
a while; there has to be a powerful adrenaline rush in crouching by the side of
a road, waiting for the next set of headlights to come along, then streaking
out of the bushes with split-second timing and making it across to the other
side just inches in front of the speeding front wheels.
	Why not?  Anything that gets the adrenaline moving like a 440 volt
blast in a copper bathtub is good for the reflexes and keeps the veins free
of cholesterol ...  but too many adrenaline rushes in any given time-span has
the same bad effect on the nervous system as too many electro-shock treatments
are said to have on the brain:  after a while you start burning out the
circuits.
	When a jackrabbit gets addicted to road running, it is only a matter
of time before he gets smashed -- and when a journalist turns into a politics
junkie he will sooner or later start raving and babbling in print about things
that only a person who has Been There can possibly understand.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing:
		   On the Campaign Trail"


By protracting life, we do not deduct one jot from the duration of death.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


That's life for you, said McDunn.  Someone always waiting for someone
who never comes home.  Always someone loving something more than that
thing loves them.  And after awhile you want to destroy whatever that
thing is, so it can't hurt you no more.
		-- Ray Bradbury, "The Fog Horn"


Signals don't kill programs.  Programs kill programs.


I either want less decadence or more chance to participate in it.


None love the bearer of bad news.
		-- Sophocles


Fig Newton.


Quark!  Quark!  Beware the quantum duck!


Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
		-- Mark Twain


Lots of girls can be had for a song.
Unfortunately, it often turns out to be the wedding march.


Anyone who has attended a USENIX conference in a fancy hotel can tell you
that a sentence like "You're one of those computer people, aren't you?"
is roughly equivalent to "Look, another amazingly mobile form of slime
mold!" in the mouth of a hotel cocktail waitress.
		-- Elizabeth Zwicky


He who makes a beast of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man.
		-- Dr. Johnson


Anything anybody can say about America is true.
		-- Emmett Grogan


In which level of metalanguage are you now speaking?


Once upon a girl there was a time...


Scribline, n.:
	The blank area on the back of credit cards where one's
	signature goes.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Corrupt, stupid grasping functionaries will make at least as big a muddle
of socialism as stupid, selfish and acquisitive employers can make of
capitalism.
		-- Walter Lippmann


This is lemma 1.1.  We start a new chapter so the numbers all go back
to one.
		-- Prof. Seager, C&O 351


Any stone in your boot always migrates against the pressure gradient to
exactly the point of most pressure.
		-- Milt Barber


There is no such thing as a free lunch.


World War III is about to break out, but hidden somewhere in Switzerland,
a small group of international statesmen are trying to avert disaster.
The key members of this group are the representatives from Moscow, Bonn, and
Jerusalem, who, despite their personal enmity, manage to forge a peaceful
settlement, at the last moment.  As the treaty is signed, and the war
postponed, almost entirely through the efforts of those three men, an angel
appears. "The earth is saved through the efforts of these three men!
Therefore, I will grant each of them their heart's desire!"
	So, the angel asks the German for his wish, and the German, recalling
the nearness of their disaster, and perceiving the cause to have been the
Russians, immediately says "I wish there were no more Russians!"  And God
said, "It will be done."
	The angel asks the Russian for his wish, which, of course, is "*I*
wish there were no more Germans!"  Replies the angel, "It will be done."
	So the angel asks the Jew for his wish.  The Jew is in a state of
shock. "Will you really grant the German's wish?" he asks, and the angel
avers.  "And the Russian's, too?"  The angel avers yet again.  Then the Jew
thinks a moment, leans back and says, "In that case, I think I'd like a small
cup of coffee."


A man's house is his hassle.


QOTD:
	"He's a perfectionist.  If he married Raquel Welch, he'd expect
	her to cook."


Diplomacy, n.:
	Lying in state.


Candy
Is dandy
But liquor
Is quicker.
		-- Ogden Nash, "Reflections on Ice-Breaking"

Fortune updates the great quotes: #53.
	Candy is dandy; but liquor is quicker,
	and sex won't rot your teeth.


Do not do unto others as you would they should do unto you.
Their tastes may not be the same.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


"In the age of the internet attaching a famous name to your personal
opinion to give more weight to it is a very valid strategy."
		-- Benjamin Franklin


I myself have dreamed up a structure intermediate between Dyson spheres
and planets.  Build a ring 93 million miles in radius -- one Earth orbit
-- around the sun.  If we have the mass of Jupiter to work with, and if
we make it a thousand miles wide, we get a thickness of about a thousand
feet for the base.

And it has advantages.  The Ringworld will be much sturdier than a Dyson
sphere.  We can spin it on its axis for gravity.  A rotation speed of 770
m/s will give us a gravity of one Earth normal.  We wouldn't even need to
roof it over.  Place walls one thousand miles high at each edge, facing the
sun.  Very little air will leak over the edges.

Lord knows the thing is roomy enough.  With three million times the surface
area of the Earth, it will be some time before anyone complains of the
crowding.
		-- Larry Niven, "Ringworld"


Seleznick's Theory of Holistic Medicine:
	Ice Cream cures all ills.  Temporarily.


[From the operation manual for the CI-300 Dot Matrix Line Printer, made
in Japan]:

The excellent output machine of MODEL CI-300 as extraordinary DOT
MATRIX LINE PRINTER, built in two MICRO-PROCESSORs as well as EAROM, is
featured by permitting wonderful co-existence such as; "high quality
against low cost", "diversified functions with compact design",
"flexibility in accessibleness and durability of approx. 2000,000,00
Dot/Head", "being sophisticated in mechanism but possibly agile
operating under noises being extremely suppressed" etc.

And as a matter of course, the final goal is just simply to help
achieve "super shuttle diplomacy" between cool data, perhaps earned by
HOST COMPUTER, and warm heart of human being.


Male, n.:
	Life support system for a cock.


Journalism is literature in a hurry.
		-- Matthew Arnold


	A young married couple had their first child.  Their original pride
and joy slowly turned to concern however, for after a couple of years the
child had never uttered any form of speech.  They hired the best speech
therapists, doctors, psychiatrists, all to no avail.  The child simply refused
to speak.  One morning when the child was five, while the husband was reading
the paper, and the wife was feeding the dog, the little kid looks up from
his bowl and said, "My cereal's cold."
	The couple is stunned.  The man, in tears, confronts his son.  "Son,
after all these years, why have you waited so long to say something?".
	Shrugs the kid, "Everything's been okay 'til now".


The strong give up and move on, while the weak give up and stay.


	"...The name of the song is called 'Haddocks' Eyes'!"
	"Oh, that's the name of the song, is it?" Alice said, trying to
feel interested.
	"No, you don't understand," the Knight said, looking a little
vexed.  "That's what the name is called.  The name really is, 'The Aged
Aged Man.'"
	"Then I ought to have said "That's what the song is called'?"
Alice corrected herself.
	"No, you oughtn't: that's quite another thing!  The song is
called 'Ways and Means':  but that's only what it is called you know!"
	"Well, what is the song then?" said Alice, who was by this
time completely bewildered.
	"I was coming to that," the Knight said.  "The song really is
"A-sitting on a Gate": and the tune's my own invention."
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


Westheimer's Discovery:
	A couple of months in the laboratory can
	frequently save a couple of hours in the library.


You roll my log, and I will roll yours.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca


There goes the good time that was had by all.
		-- Bette Davis, remarking on a passing starlet


I THINK THEY SHOULD CONTINUE the policy of not giving a Nobel Prize for
paneling.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


On a ship wrecked far out at sea,
The girl said, "I can't seem to pee."
	"Aha!" said the mate,
	"That settles the fate
Of the captain, the pilot, and me."


Hard reality has a way of cramping your style.
		-- Daniel Dennett


Science may someday discover what faith has always known.


Distance doesn't make you any smaller,
but it does make you part of a larger picture.


Revolutionary, adj.:
	Repackaged.


Never trust a child farther than you can throw it.


You give me space to belong to myself yet without separating me
from your own life.  May it all turn out to your happiness.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


The fucking ain't worth the fighting.


All life evolves by the differential survival of replicating entities.
		-- Richard Dawkins


Where there is much light there is also much shadow.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


If your mother knew what you're doing,
she'd probably hang her head and cry.


He who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish last.


This was the most unkindest cut of all.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"


If you don't say anything, you won't be called on to repeat it.
		-- Calvin Coolidge


Law enforcement officers should use only the minimum
force necessary in dealing with disorders when they arise.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


The good time is approaching,
The season is at hand.
When the merry click of the two-base lick
Will be heard throughout the land.
The frost still lingers on the earth, and
Budless are the trees.
But the merry ring of the voice of spring
Is borne upon the breeze.
		-- Ode to Opening Day, "The Sporting News", 1886


Q:	How much does it cost to ride the Unibus?
A:	2 bits.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(35) Rather than feel guilty as some do, you should thank God for making
     you an American.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


You wanna play the dozens,
Well, the dozens is a game,
But the way I fuck your mother is an ass-wringing shame!
		-- George Carlin


Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.
		-- Hector Berlioz


If I have seen farther than others, it is because I was standing on the
shoulders of giants.
		-- Isaac Newton

In the sciences, we are now uniquely privileged to sit side by side with
the giants on whose shoulders we stand.
		-- Gerald Holton

If I have not seen as far as others, it is because giants were standing on
my shoulders.
		-- Hal Abelson

Mathematicians stand on each other's shoulders.
		-- Gauss

Mathematicians stand on each other's shoulders while computer scientists
stand on each other's toes.
		-- Richard Hamming

It has been said that physicists stand on one another's shoulders.  If
this is the case, then programmers stand on one another's toes, and
software engineers dig each other's graves.
		-- Unknown


God isn't dead -- he's been busted.


Ink, n.:
	A villainous compound of tannogallate of iron, gum-arabic, and
	water, chiefly used to facilitate the infection of idiocy and
	promote intellectual crime.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Showing up is 80% of life.
		-- Woody Allen


Law of Communications:
	The inevitable result of improved and enlarged communications
	between different levels in a hierarchy is a vastly increased
	area of misunderstanding.


Television is a medium because anything well done is rare.
		-- attributed to both Fred Allen and Ernie Kovacs


It is better to burn out than it is to rust.


One girl can be pretty -- but a dozen are only a chorus.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald, "The Last Tycoon"


Tussman's Law:
	Nothing is as inevitable as a mistake whose time has come.


Weinberg's Principle:
	An expert is a person who avoids the small errors while sweeping
	on to the grand fallacy.


If you lived today as if it were your last, you'd buy up a box of rockets
and fire them all off, wouldn't you?
		-- Garrison Keillor


I cannot overemphasize the importance of good grammar.

What a crock.  I could easily overemphasize the importance of good
grammar.  For example, I could say: "Bad grammar is the leading cause
of slow, painful death in North America," or "Without good grammar, the
United States would have lost World War II."
		-- Dave Barry, "An Utterly Absurd Look at Grammar"


