I suggest you locate your hot tub outside your house, so it won't do
too much damage if it catches fire or explodes.  First you decide which
direction your hot tub should face for maximum solar energy.  After
much trial and error, I have found that the best direction for a hot
tub to face is up.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Moderation in all things.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer [Terence]


Too often I find that the volume of paper expands to fill the available
briefcases.
		-- Governor Jerry Brown


Our government has kept us in a perpetual state of fear -- kept us in
a continuous stampede of patriotic fervor -- with the cry of grave
national emergency... Always there has been some terrible evil to
gobble us up if we did not blindly rally behind it  by furnishing the
exorbitant sums demanded.  Yet, in retrospect, these disasters seem
never to have happened, seem never to have been quite real.
		-- General Douglas MacArthur (1957)


The difference between sentiment and being sentimental is the following:
Sentiment is when a driver swerves out of the way to avoid hitting a
rabbit on the road.  Being sentimental is when the same driver, when
swerving away from the rabbit hits a pedestrian.
		-- Frank Herbert, "The White Plague"


QOTD:
	"She's about as smart as bait."


Do more than anyone expects, and pretty soon everyone will expect more.


Massachusetts has the best politicians money can buy.


James Joyce -- an essentially private man who wished his total
indifference to public notice to be universally recognized.
		-- Tom Stoppard


The lion and the calf shall lie down
together but the calf won't get much sleep.
		-- Woody Allen


Many people resent being treated like the person they really are.


A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


A sharper perspective on this matter is particularly important to feminist
thought today, because a major tendency in feminism has constructed the
problem of domination as a drama of female vulnerability victimized by male
aggression.  Even the more sophisticated feminist thinkers frequently shy
away from the analysis of submission, for fear that in admitting woman's
participation in the relationship of domination, the onus of responsibility
will appear to shift from men to women, and the moral victory from women to
men.  More generally, this has been a weakness of radical politics: to
idealize the oppressed, as if their politics and culture were untouched by
the system of domination, as if people did not participate in their own
submission.  To reduce domination to a simple relation of doer and done-to
is to substitute moral outrage for analysis.
		-- Jessica Benjamin, "The Bonds of Love"


Toilet Toupee, n.:
	Any shag carpet that causes the lid to become top-heavy, thus
	creating endless annoyance to male users.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


"The testes are cooler outside,"
Said the doc to the curious bride,
	"For the semen must not
	Get too fucking hot,
And the bag fans your bum on the ride."


I've got my ANSI C Reference book right here but it doesn't say anything
about getting raped in the ass as part of the official C language (maybe
I should get a C++ reference manual).
		-- Deuce, Jerk City


The most recent attempt to revive the moribund campus left, a national
conference held at Rutgers University February 5-7, ended when the
participants decided that they were too racist to found a new national
organization.
	The stated goal of the conference was the formation of a national
organization that would "give expression to a shared consciousness."  The
orientation materials declared that this was "a historic moment" -- you
know, like Port Huron and the Sixties -- and the Rutgers host committee had
every reason to expect their goal would be accomplished.
	But it was not to be.  Given that this was a conference of *New*
New Leftists, reason had nothing to do with it.
	A revealing article by Vania del Borgo and Maria Margaronis in "The
Nation", ["Beyond the Fragments," 3/26/88] says "The defining moment of the
weekend came when the conference was almost at its end.  On Sunday morning,
a twenty-five-member students of color caucus confronted the assembled body
with its overwhelming whiteness..."  Joined by the Gay & Bisexual Caucus, the
Students of Color Caucus declared that the founding of such an overwhelmingly
white organization would itself constitute a racist act.  The four hundred or
so leftist activists were told that they had no right to ratify a constitution
or elect any officers.  While recognizing "the need to examine the real
possibilities of a broad-based, racially diverse student movement" and paying
lip service to the need for "dialogue," they threatened to walk out if their
demands were not met.  As *The Nation* article describes the scene:  "To their
astonishment, their intervention was greeted with a standing ovation." Handed
an ultimatum which demanded that they disband, this would-be successor to the
radical student movements of the Sixties promptly voted itself out of
existence.  As del Borgo and Margaronis put it, "After much chaotic discussion
and a confused voice vote, the convention suspended all its other work and
broke into regional groups to discuss `outreach.'"
		-- Libertarian Agenda, May 1988


There is only one thing in the world worse than being
talked about, and that is not being talked about.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Q:	What do you call a group of kids with low IQs, drinking diet cola,
	eating fruit, and singing?
A:	The Moron Tab and Apple Choir.


The Advertising Agency Song:

	When your client's hopping mad,
	Put his picture in the ad.
	If he still should prove refractory,
	Add a picture of his factory.


Be open to other people -- they may enrich your dream.


This is Betty Frenel.  I don't know who to call but I can't reach my
Food-a-holics partner.  I'm at Vido's on my second pizza with sausage
and mushroom.  Jim, come and get me!


	An elderly man stands in line for hours at a Warsaw meat store (meat
is severely rationed).  When the butcher comes out at the end of the day and
announces that there is no meat left, the man flies into a rage.
	"What is this?" he shouts.  "I fought against the Nazis, I worked hard
all my life, I've been a loyal citizen, and now you tell me I can't even buy a
piece of meat?  This rotten system stinks!"
	Suddenly a thuggish man in a black leather coat sidles up and murmurs
"Take it easy, comrade.  Remember what would have happened if you had made an
outburst like that only a few years ago" -- and he points an imaginary gun to
this head and pulls the trigger.
	The old man goes home, and his wife says, "So they're out of meat
again?"
	"It's worse than that," he replies.  "They're out of bullets."
		-- making the rounds in Warsaw, 1987


Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance?
		-- Charlie McCarthy


On Thanksgiving Day all over America, families sit down to dinner at the
same moment -- halftime.


Style may not be the answer, but at least it's a workable alternative.


The avocation of assessing the failures of better men can be turned
into a comfortable livelihood, providing you back it up with a Ph.D.
		-- Nelson Algren, "Writers at Work"


New crypt.  See /usr/news/crypt.


To fear love is to fear life, and those
who fear life are already three parts dead.
		-- Bertrand Russell


I called my parents the other night, but I forgot about the time difference.
They're still living in the fifties.
		-- Strange de Jim


The bold youth of today is very lonely.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Marriage is the process of finding out what
kind of man your wife would have preferred.


Broad-mindedness, n.:
	The result of flattening high-mindedness out.


Hard, adj.:
	The quality of your own data; also how it is to believe those
	of other people.


	It was in a bar in midtown Manhattan and the Frenchman and the
American were talking about love over some dry Martinis.  "Deed you know,
sir," the Frenchman said, "that een my country thair are 79 different
ways how to make the REAL, passionate luff?"
	"Do tell?" said the American.  "Well, that's amazing.  In this
country there's only one."
	"Just one?" the Frenchman said, condescendingly.  "And what eez
that?"
	"Well, there's a man and a woman, and --"
	"Sacre bleu!!" exclaimed the Frenchman.  "Numbair 80!"


Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
		-- Alexander Pope


Our universe itself keeps on expanding and expanding,
In all of the directions it can whiz;
As fast as it can go, that's the speed of light, you know,
Twelve million miles a minute and that's the fastest speed there is.
So remember, when you're feeling very small and insecure,
How amazingly unlikely is your birth;
And pray that there's intelligent life somewhere out in space,
'Cause there's bugger all down here on Earth!
		-- Monty Python


Shift to the left,
Shift to the right,
Mask in, mask out,
BYTE, BYTE, BYTE !!!


QOTD:
	"My life is a soap opera, but who gets the movie rights?"


Neil Armstrong tripped.


A bureaucracy is like a septic tank -- all the really big shits float
to the top.


Meade's Maxim:
Always remember that you are absolutely unique,
just like everyone else.


Two is company, three is an orgy.


The time spent on any item of the agenda [of a finance
committee] will be in inverse proportion to the sum involved.
		-- C. N. Parkinson


One nuclear bomb can ruin your whole day.


Hear about...
	the guy who was an incurable romantic until penicillin came along?


Let's say your wedding ring falls into your toaster, and when you stick your
hand in to retrieve it, you suffer Pain and Suffering as well as Mental
Anguish.  You would sue:

* The toaster manufacturer, for failure to include, in the instructions
  section that says you should never never never ever stick you hand
  into the toaster, the statement "Not even if your wedding ring falls
  in there".

* The store where you bought the toaster, for selling it to an obvious
  cretin like yourself.

* Union Carbide Corporation, which is not directly responsible in this
  case, but which is feeling so guilty that it would probably send you
  a large cash settlement anyway.
		-- Dave Barry


A person forgives only when they are in the wrong.


Unix will self-destruct in five seconds... 4... 3... 2... 1...


Beware of geeks bearing graft.


Maier's Law:
	If the facts do not conform to the theory, they must be disposed of.
		-- N. R. Maier, "American Psychologist", March 1960

Corollaries:
	1.  The bigger the theory, the better.
	2.  The experiment may be considered a success if no more than
	    50% of the observed measurements must be discarded to
	    obtain a correspondence with the theory.


One, with God, is always a majority, but many a martyr has been burned at
the stake while the votes were being counted.
		-- Thomas B. Reed


The world is not octal despite DEC.


In Seattle, Washington, it is illegal to carry a concealed weapon that
is over six feet in length.


Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature.
		-- Rich Kulawiec


I have had my television aerials removed.  It's the moral equivalent
of a prostate operation.
		-- Malcolm Muggeridge


Two percent of zero is almost nothing.


I didn't do it! Nobody saw me do it! Can't prove anything!
		-- Bart Simpson


Some men are so interested in their wives continued happiness
that they hire detectives to find out the reason for it.


You may get an opportunity for advancement today.  Watch it!


Opinions are like assholes -- everyone's got one, but nobody wants to
look at the other guy's.
		-- Hal Hickman


Moody bitch in search of...
	kind, considerate, loving man.  Objective, love-hate relationship.


I got my driver's license photo taken out of focus on purpose.  Now
when I get pulled over the cop looks at it (moving it nearer and
farther, trying to see it clearly)...  and says, "Here, you can go."
		-- Steven Wright


I just asked myself... what would John DeLorean do?
		-- Raoul Duke


It follows that any commander in chief who undertakes to carry out a plan
which he considers defective is at fault; he must put forth his reasons,
insist of the plan being changed, and finally tender his resignation rather
than be the instrument of his army's downfall.
		-- Napoleon, "Military Maxims and Thought"


A little inaccuracy saves a world of explanation.
		-- C. E. Ayres


A performing octopus could play the piano, the zither and a piccolo, and his
trainer wanted him to add the bagpipe to his accomplishments.  With this in
mind, a bagpipe was placed in the octopus's room, and the trainer awaited
results.  Hours passed, but no bagpipe music was heard.  Since the talented
octopus usually learned quickly, the trainer was disturbed.  Opening the door
the next morning, he asked the octopus,
	"Have you learned to play that thing yet?"
	"Play it!" retorted the octopus. "I've been trying to lay it all
night!"


Mother told me to be good, but she's been wrong before.


The doctrine of human equality reposes on this: that there is no man
really clever who has not found that he is stupid.
		-- Gilbert K. Chesterson


We have not inherited the earth from our parents, we've borrowed it from
our children.


Every young man should have a hobby: learning how to handle money is
the best one.
		-- Jack Hurley


To see a need and wait to be asked, is to already refuse.


Pick another fortune cookie.


Experiments must be reproducible; they should all fail in the same way.


If you are over 80 years old and accompanied
by your parents, we will cash your check.


A woman had a followup visit with her doctor after his prescribing fairly high
dosages of testosterone (a male hormone) for her.  She was a little worried
about some of the side effects she was experiencing.
	"Doctor Keyes, the hormones you've been giving me have helped a lot
with my menopausal symptoms, but I'm really afraid that you're giving me too
much.  I've started growing hair in places that I've never grown hair before!"
	The doctor reassured her. "A little hair growth is a perfectly normal
side effect of testosterone.  Just where has this hair appeared?"
	"On my balls."


Love is not the dying moan of a distant violin -- it's the triumphant
twang of a bedspring.
		-- S.J. Perelman


A platitude is simply a truth repeated till people get tired of hearing it.
		-- Stanley Baldwin


Giving money and power to governments is like giving whiskey and
car keys to teenage boys.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


When some people discover the truth, they just
can't understand why everybody isn't eager to hear it.


I can give you my word, but I know what it's worth and you don't.
		-- Nero Wolfe, "Over My Dead Body"


You worry too much about your job.
Stop it.  You are not paid enough to worry.


Where, oh, where, are you tonight?
Why did you leave me here all alone?
I searched the world over, and I thought I'd found true love.
You met another, and *PPHHHLLLBBBBTTT*, you wuz gone.

Gloom, despair and agony on me.
Deep dark depression, excessive misery.
If it weren't for bad luck, I'd have no luck at all.
Oh, gloom, despair and agony on me.
		-- Hee Haw


The right to be let alone is indeed the beginning of all freedom.
		-- Justice Douglas


Long ago I proposed that unsuccessful candidates for the Presidency
be quietly hanged, as a matter of public sanitation and decorum.
The sight of their grief must have a very evil effect upon the young.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "A Carnival of Buncombe"


FORCE YOURSELF TO RELAX!


		Hard Copies and Chmod

And everyone thinks computers are impersonal
cold diskdrives hardware monitors
user-hostile software

of course they're only bits and bytes
and characters and strings
and files

just some old textfiles from my old boyfriend
telling me he loves me and
he'll take care of me

simply a discarded printout of a friend's directory
deep intimate secrets and
how he doesn't trust me

couldn't hurt me more if they were scented in lavender or mould
on personal stationery
		-- terri@csd4.milw.wisc.edu


[It is] best to confuse only one issue at a time.
		-- K&R


Tussman's Law:
	Nothing is as inevitable as a mistake whose time has come.


Q:	What do you get when you cross a computer and a JAP?
A:	A computer that won't go down.


He's gallantry personified, in fact, his brochures ought to
read satisfaction guaranteed, or your virginity returned intact.


The streets were dark with something more than night.
		-- Raymond Chandler


So many women, so little nerve.


There's so much plastic in this culture that
vinyl leopard skin is becoming an endangered synthetic.
		-- Lily Tomlin


In most instances, all an argument
proves is that two people are present.


Instead of thinking of spam as a disease that might be eliminated,
it is more useful to think of it like crime, war and cockroaches.
It is not realistic to expect to eliminate any of these, no matter
how much anyone might wish otherwise. Therefore the best we can
hope to accomplish is to bring spam under reasonable control...
		-- Dave Crocker


A woman takes off her claim to respect along with her garments.
		-- Herodotus


As Zeus said to Narcissus, "Watch yourself."


Many a bum show has been saved by the flag.
		-- George M. Cohan


MAIDEN AUNT:
	A girl who never had the sense to say "uncle."


It is the quality rather than the quantity that matters.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca


We should have a great many fewer disputes in the world if only words were
taken for what they are, the signs of our ideas only, and not for things
themselves.
		-- John Locke


Weiler's Law:
	Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it
	himself.


Encyclopedia for sale by father.
Son knows everything.


Actor:	So what do you do for a living?
Doris:	I work for a company that makes deceptively shallow serving
	dishes for Chinese restaurants.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


Didja' ever have to make up your mind,
Pick up on one and leave the other behind,
It's not often easy, and it's not often kind,
Didja' ever have to make up your mind?
		-- Lovin' Spoonful


I've had a perfectly wonderful evening.  But this wasn't it.
		-- Groucho Marx


AUTHENTIC:
	Indubitably true, in somebody's opinion.


Hope is a waking dream.
		-- Aristotle


Nancy Reagan wants to divorce old Ron...
seems he's making it hard for everyone but her.


Oh give me your pity!
I'm on a committee,			We attend and amend
Which means that from morning		And contend and defend
	to night,			Without a conclusion in sight.

We confer and concur,
We defer and demur,			We revise the agenda
And reiterate all of our thoughts.	With frequent addenda
					And consider a load of reports.

We compose and propose,
We suppose and oppose,			But though various notions
And the points of procedure are fun;	Are brought up as motions,
					There's terribly little gets done.

We resolve and absolve;
But we never dissolve,
Since it's out of the question for us
To bring our committee
To end like this ditty,
Which stops with a period, thus.
		-- Leslie Lipson, "The Committee"


When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


If you want divine justice, die.
		-- Nick Seldon


PROGRESS:
	Medieval man thought disease was caused by invisible demons
	invading the body and taking possession of it.

	Modern man knows disease is caused by microscopic bacteria
	and viruses invading the body and causing it to malfunction.


If you think before you speak the other guy gets his joke in first.


The bland leadeth the bland and they both shall fall into the kitsch.


Oh, I could while away the hours,
Smoking herbs and flowers,
Shooting up my veins,
	De-dum, De-dum, De-dum
Tell you, I've been a-thinkin'
I could drive a shiny Lincoln,
If I dealt in good cocaine.
		-- To "If I Only Had A Brain" from "The Wizard of Oz"


I used to be a rebel in my youth.
This cause... that cause... (chuckle) I backed 'em ALL!  But I learned.
Rebellion is simply a device used by the immature to hide from his own
problems.  So I lost interest in politics.  Now when I feel aroused by
a civil rights case or a passport hearing... I realize it's just a device.
I go to my analyst and we work it out.  You have no idea how much better
I feel these days.
		-- J. Feiffer


Unix programmers do it with pipes.


Got a dictionary?  I want to know the meaning of life.


There must be at least 500,000,000 rats in the United
States; of course, I never heard the story before.


A single flow'r he sent me, since we met.
All tenderly his messenger he chose;
Deep-hearted, pure, with scented dew still wet--
One perfect rose.

I knew the language of the floweret;
"My fragile leaves," it said, "his heart enclose."
Love long has taken for his amulet
One perfect rose.

Why is it no one ever sent me yet
One perfect limousine, do you suppose?
Ah no, it's always just my luck to get
One perfect rose.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "One Perfect Rose"


From the outset, the blind date was a fiasco and it was intensified by the
fact that the fellow was too insensitive and ego-ridden to realize it.  The
moment of truth came in the supper club as he clutched the girl's thigh and
whispered,
	"Baby, how's about our cutting out to my pad so I can slip you nine
inches?"
There was a moment of silence, and then the girl said,
	"You know, I really don't think you could get it up three times
in a row!"


Fat people of the world unite, we've got nothing to lose!


Why attack God?  He may be as miserable as we are.
		-- Erik Satie


All things being equal, you are bound to lose.


Tiger got to hunt,
Bird got to fly;
Man got to sit and wonder, "Why, why, why?"

Tiger got to sleep,
Bird got to land;
Man got to tell himself he understand.
		-- The Books of Bokonon


People who make no mistakes do not usually make anything.


Good news.  Ten weeks from Friday will be a pretty good day.




You are wise, witty, and wonderful,
but you spend too much time reading this sort of trash.


Q:	What's hard going in and soft and sticky coming out?
A:	Chewing gum.


Joe sat as his dying wife's bedside.
Her voice was little more than a whisper.
	"Joe, darling," she breathed, "I've got a confession to make
before I go.  I ... I'm the one who took the $10,000 from your safe...
I spent it on a fling with your best friend, Charles.  And it was I who
forced your mistress to leave the city.  And I am the one who reported
your income-tax evasion to the I.R.S..."
	"That's all right, dearest, don't give it a second thought,"
whispered Joe. "I'm the one who poisoned you."


Whatever else can be said about sex, it cannot be called a dignified
performance.
		-- Helen Lawrenson


With listening comes wisdom, with speaking repentance.


Nothing motivates a man more than to
see his boss put in an honest day's work.


If you would understand your own age, read the works
of fiction produced in it.  People in disguise speak freely.


Militant agnostic: I don't know, and you don't either.


Remember, no matter where you go, there you are.
		-- Buckaroo Banzai (Peter Weller)
		   "The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai
		   Across The Eighth Dimension"


Fudd's First Law of Opposition:
	Push something hard enough and it will fall over.


In our system there's no intermediate step between a definitive Supreme
Court decision and violent revolution.
		-- Al Gore (New York Magazine, May 29 2006)


Jack be nimble, Jack be quick.
Jack jumped over the candle stick,
And burnt his balls.


Unprovided with original learning, unformed in the habits of thinking,
unskilled in the arts of composition, I resolved to write a book.
		-- Edward Gibbon


War is an equal opportunity destroyer.


While away at a convention, an executive happened to meet a young woman who
was pretty, chic, and intelligent.  When he persuaded her to disrobe in his
hotel room, he found out she had a superb body as well.  Unfortunately, as
will happen, the executive sadly found himself unable to perform.
	On his first night home, the executive padded naked from the shower
into the bedroom to find his wife swathed in a rumpled bathrobe, her hair
curled, her face creamed, munching candy loudly as she pored through a movie
magazine.  And then, without warning, he felt the onset of a magnificent
erection.
	Looking down at his throbbing member, he snarled, "Why you ungrateful,
mixed-up, son-of-a-bitch!  Now I know why they call you a prick!"


Goldenstern's Rules:
	1.  Always hire a rich attorney.
	2.  Never buy from a rich salesman.


	"Hello, Police Department."
	"This is Thomas Parrish, 903 Sylvester Court.  I've just been sexually
molested by a pervert, right here in my own home.  It was horrifying!"
	"Just remain calm, sir, and tell me about it."
	"Well, the man came in the window wearing a ski mask.  I was napping
on the bed, in just my pajamas, and the TV set was on so I didn't hear anything.
Suddenly he had his great big old calloused hand over my mouth, holding me down.
I tried to scream... he was pulling my pants off.  I was so frightened!  He
held a knife to my throat and undressed so quickly.  What could I do?  I
couldn't stop him.  He was huge.  A great, hairy, beefy man, more than fifty
pounds heavier than I am, and hung like... Oh! it was terrible.  He had an
erection, and he knelt on my shoulders and forced the awful thing down my
throat; forced me to suck it.  Yes, officer!  There was no escaping this man.
Finally, when I thought I would faint, he got off me and turned me over on
my tummy, forcing my legs apart with his knees, and oh! I'm so embarrassed to
say it, he put that huge thing...  It must have been a foot long, and I don't
know how thick... into my...  Just a minute."
	"What's the matter, mister?"
	"Listen, I have to hang up now, he's getting out of the shower."


No, "Eureka" is Greek for "This bath is too hot."
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


And you can't get any Watney's Red Barrel,
because the bars close every time you're thirsty...


Pascal, n.:
	A programming language named after a man who would turn over
	in his grave if he knew about it.
		-- Datamation, January 15, 1984


What makes you think graduate school
is supposed to be satisfying?
		-- Erica Jong, "Fear of Flying"


Any stone in your boot always migrates against the pressure gradient to
exactly the point of most pressure.
		-- Milt Barber


Beware of self-styled experts: an ex is a has-been, and a spurt is a
drip under pressure.


QOTD:
	"He's such a hick he doesn't even have a trapeze in his bedroom."


Imbalance of power corrupts and monopoly of power corrupts absolutely.
		-- Genji


QUESTION AUTHORITY.

(Sez who?)


C, n.:
	A programming language that is sort of like Pascal except more like
	assembly except that it isn't very much like either one, or anything
	else.  It is either the best language available to the art today, or
	it isn't.
		-- Ray Simard


She has an alarm clock and a phone that don't ring - they applaud.


Tomorrow will be canceled due to lack of interest.


Is knowledge knowable?  If not, how do we know that?


	In the days when Sussman was a novice Minsky once came to him as he
sat hacking at the PDP-6.
	"What are you doing?", asked Minsky.
	"I am training a randomly wired neural net to play Tic-Tac-Toe."
	"Why is the net wired randomly?", inquired Minsky.
	"I do not want it to have any preconceptions of how to play".
	At this Minsky shut his eyes, and Sussman asked his teacher "Why do
you close your eyes?"
	"So that the room will be empty."
	At that moment, Sussman was enlightened.


