...most of us learned about love the hard way.  Even warnings are probably
useless, for somehow, despite the severest warnings of parents and friends,
hundreds, thousands of women have forgotten themselves at the last minute
and succumbed to the lies, promises, flatteries, or mere attentions of
lusting, lovely men, landing themselves in complicated predicaments from
which some of them never recovered during their entire lives.  And I am not
speaking only of your teenaged Midwesterners in 1958; I'm speaking of women
of every age in every city in every year.  The notorious sexual revolution
has saved no one from the pain and confusion of love.
		-- Alix Kates Shulman


In the stairway of life, you'd best take the elevator.


Don't look back, the lemmings might be gaining on you.


Youth is a disease from which we all recover.
		-- Dorothy Fuldheim


Fine's Corollary:
	Functionality breeds Contempt.


You learn to write as if to someone else
because NEXT YEAR YOU WILL BE "SOMEONE ELSE".


She Ain't Much to See, but She Looks Good Through the Bottom of a Glass
If Fingerprints Showed Up On Skin, I Wonder Who's I'd Find On You
I'm Ashamed to be Here, but Not Ashamed Enough to Leave
It's Commode Huggin' Time In The Valley
If You Want to Keep the Beer Real Cold, Put It Next to My Ex-wife's Heart
If You Get the Feeling That I Don't Love You, Feel Again
It's the Bottle Against the Bible in the Battle For Daddy's Soul
My Wife Ran Off With My Best Friend, And I Sure Miss Him
Don't Cut Any More Wood, Baby, 'Cause I'll Be Comin' Home With A Load
I Loved Her Face, But I Left Her Behind For You
		-- proposed Country-Western song titles


Execute every act of thy life as though it were thy last.
		-- Marcus Aurelius


The Great Movie Posters:

Different! Daring! Dynamic! Defying! Dumbfounding!
SEE Uncle Tom lead the Negroes to FREEDOM!
... Now, all the SENSUAL and VIOLENT passions Roots couldn't show on TV!
		-- Uncle Tom's Cabin (1972)

An appalling amalgam of carnage and carnality!
		-- Flesh and Blood Show (1973)

WHEN THE CATS ARE HUNGRY...
RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!
Alone, only a harmless pet...
	One Thousand Strong, They Become a Man-Eating Machine!
		-- The Night of a Thousand Cats (1972)

They're Over-Exposed
But Not Under-Developed!
		-- Cover Girl Models (1976)


Quantum Mechanics is God's version of "Trust me."


If wishes were horses, then beggars would be thieves.


The Golden Rule is of no use to you whatever unless you realize it
is your move.
		-- Frank Crane


Beware of low-flying butterflies.


It is annoying to be honest to no purpose.
		-- Publius Ovidius Naso (Ovid)


Politicians speak for their parties, and parties never are, never have
been, and never will be wrong.
		-- Walter Dwight


To use violence is to already be defeated.
		-- Chinese proverb


Why is Mrs. Carter always on top when she and Jimmy make love?
Because all Jimmy Carter can do is fuck up.


There will always be beer cans rolling on the floor of your car when
the boss asks for a lift home from the office.


Lactomangulation, n.:
	Manhandling the "open here" spout on a milk carton so badly
	that one has to resort to using the "illegal" side.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Why not? -- What? -- Why not? -- Why should I not send it? -- Why should I
not dispatch it? -- Why not? -- Strange!  I don't know why I shouldn't --
Well, then -- You will do me this favor. -- Why not? -- Why should you not
do it? -- Why not? -- Strange!  I shall do the same for you, when you want
me to.  Why not?  Why should I not do it for you?  Strange!  Why not? --
I can't think why not.
		-- Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, from a letter to his cousin Maria,
		   "The Definitive Biography of PDQ Bach", Peter Schickele


Atheism is a non-prophet organization.


(defun NF (a c)
  (cond ((null c) () )
	((atom (car c))
	  (append (list (eval (list 'getchar (list (car c) 'a) (cadr c))))
		 (nf a (cddr c))))
	(t (append (list (implode (nf a (car c)))) (nf a (cdr c))))))

(defun AD (want-job challenging boston-area)
  (cond
   ((or (not (equal want-job 'yes))
	(not (equal boston-area 'yes))
	(lessp challenging 7)) () )
   (t (append (nf  (get 'ad 'expr)
	  '((caaddr 1 caadr 2 car 1 car 1)
	    (car 5 cadadr 9 cadadr 8 cadadr 9 caadr 4 car 2 car 1)
	    (car 2 caadr 4)))
      (list '851-5071x2661)))))
;;;     We are an affirmative action employer.


Kent's Heuristic:
	Look for it first where you'd most like to find it.


A door is what a dog is perpetually on the wrong side of.
		-- Ogden Nash


	"Are you police officers?"
	"No, ma'am.  We're musicians."
		-- The Blues Brothers


Our business in life is not to succeed
but to continue to fail in high spirits.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson


We've sent a man to the moon, and that's 29,000 miles away.  The center
of the Earth is only 4,000 miles away.  You could drive that in a week,
but for some reason nobody's ever done it.
		-- Andy Rooney


He grabbed me by my slender neck,
I could not call or scream.
He dragged me to his tiny room,
Where we could not be seen.
He tore away my filmy wrap,
And gazed upon my form.
I so cold and frightened,
While he so strong and warm.
He pressed me to his thirsty lips,
I gave him every drop.
He drained me of my very self,
I could not make him stop!
And that is why you see me here,
An empty, broken bottle of beer...


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #11

MONOPOLI:
	Peter Weir's classic film examining the false heroism of parlour
	games.  The powerful ending of the film sees one young man after
	another charge toward GO, only to senselessly lose his life on the
	Boardwalk property.


Those who claim the dead never return
to life haven't ever been around here at quitting time.


Spelling is a lossed art.


TRANSFER:
	A promotion you receive on the condition that you leave town.


If atheism is to be used to express the state of mind in which God is
identified with the unknowable, and theology is pronounced to be a
collection of meaningless words about unintelligible chimeras, then
I have no doubt, and I think few people doubt, that atheists are as
plentiful as blackberries.
		-- Leslie Stephen


Beta test, v.:
	To voluntarily entrust one's data, one's livelihood and one's
	sanity to hardware or software intended to destroy all three.
	In earlier days, virgins were often selected to beta test volcanos.


If continence causes neurosis
And intercourse causes thrombosis
	I'd rather expire
	Fulfilling desire
Than live in a state of psychosis.


The very first essential for success is a perpetually
constant and regular employment of violence.
		-- Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf"


Psychoanalysis is that mental illness for which it regards itself
a therapy.
		-- Karl Kraus

Psychiatry is the care of the id by the odd.

Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you.
		-- Carl G. Jung


Old programmers never die, they just become managers.


You never know what is enough until you know what is more than enough.
		-- William Blake


Free Speech Is The Right To Shout "Theater" In A Crowded Fire.
		-- A Yippie proverb


The New Testament offers the basis for modern computer coding theory,
in the form of an affirmation of the binary number system.

	But let your communication be Yea, yea; nay, nay:
	for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil.

		-- Matthew 5:37


The work of Mess Sergeant Potgieter
Is not merely reading a meter.
	By orders of Kirk
	A part of his work
Is dosing the food with saltpeter.


Gravity brings me down.


	Everything is farther away than it used to be.  It is even twice as
far to the corner and they have added a hill.  I have given up running for
the bus; it leaves earlier than it used to.
	It seems to me they are making the stairs steeper than in the old
days.  And have you noticed the smaller print they use in the newspapers?
	There is no sense in asking anyone to read aloud anymore, as everybody
speaks in such a low voice I can hardly hear them.
	The material in dresses is so skimpy now, especially around the hips
and waist, that it is almost impossible to reach one's shoelaces.  And the
sizes don't run the way they used to.  The 12's and 14's are so much smaller.
	Even people are changing.  They are so much younger than they used to
be when I was their age.  On the other hand people my age are so much older
than I am.
	I ran into an old classmate the other day and she has aged so much
that she didn't recognize me.
	I got to thinking about the poor dear while I was combing my hair
this morning and in so doing I glanced at my own reflection.  Really now,
they don't even make good mirrors like they used to.
		Sandy Frazier, "I Have Noticed"


Why did the Roman Empire collapse?  What is the Latin for office
automation?


Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes, and not rather
a new wearer of clothes.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


Whatever you do will be insignificant,
but it is very important that you do it.
		-- Mahatma Gandhi


One big pile is better than two little piles.
		-- Arlo Guthrie


When taxes are due, Americans tend to feel quite bled-white and blue.


For what it's worth, if you -can- get Michelle Pfeiffer to model
a latex daemon suit for the catalog, I strongly suggest you do.
Breasts can sell anything. Shiny red latex body suits start
religions.
		-- Brian McGroarty <bvmcg@yahoo.com>


Two can Live as Cheaply as One for Half as Long.
		-- Howard Kandel


Indifference will certainly be the downfall of mankind, but who cares?


Too clever is dumb.
		-- Ogden Nash


The Ancient Doctrine of Mind Over Matter:
	I don't mind... and you don't matter.

		-- As revealed to reporter G. Rivera by Swami Havabanana


Truly simple systems... require infinite testing.
		-- Norman Augustine


A straw vote only shows which way the hot air blows.
		-- O'Henry


All things being equal, you are bound to lose.


Seems like this guy is hitting up on a woman in a bar.  After assiduously
pursuing her for several minutes, she leans forward and tells him that he's
a nice guy and all that, but, well, that she's a lesbian.  Confused, he asks
her what that means.
	"Well," she replies, "you see that woman at the corner table?"
	"Yeah..."
	"I'd like to walk over to her, and unbottom her blouse."
	"Yeah..."
	"And then I'd like to kiss her and suck on her nipples... and
then I'd like to take off her skirt... and run my hand over her thighs..."
	"Right!  Right!" interrupts the guy.  "I think I'm a lesbian too!"


Q:	How many bureaucrats does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Two.  One to assure everyone that everything possible is being
	done while the other screws the bulb into the water faucet.


Neither spread the germs of gossip nor encourage others to do so.


There is no hunting like the hunting of man, and those who have hunted
armed men long enough and liked it, never care for anything else thereafter.
		-- Ernest Hemingway


I'm never through with a girl until I've had her three ways.
		-- J.F. Kennedy


If A equals success, then the formula is _A = _X + _Y + _Z.  _X is work.  _Y
is play.  _Z is keep your mouth shut.
		-- Albert Einstein


	A man from AI walked across the mountains to SAIL to see the Master,
Knuth.  When he arrived, the Master was nowhere to be found.  "Where is the
wise one named Knuth?" he asked a passing student.
	"Ah," said the student, "you have not heard. He has gone on a
pilgrimage across the mountains to the temple of AI to seek out new
disciples."
	Hearing this, the man was Enlightened.


Higgledy Piggledy		Coeducational
Yale University			Extracurricular
Gave up misogyny		Heterosexual
Opened its door.		Fun is in store.


A truly great man will neither trample on a worm nor sneak to an emperor.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


	When the noted playwright George Bernard Shaw sent him two tickets to
the opening night of his new play with a note that read: "Bring a friend, if
you have one," Churchill, not to be outdone, promptly wired back: "You and
your play can go fuck yourselves."
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


3rd Law of Computing:
	Anything that can go wr
fortune: Segmentation violation -- Core dumped


You will be reincarnated as a toad; and you will be much happier.


rain falls where clouds come
sun shines where clouds go
clouds just come and go
		-- Florian Gutzwiller


Try to find the real tense of the report you are reading:  Was it done, is
it being done, or is something to be done?  Reports are now written in four
tenses:  past tense, present tense, future tense, and pretense.  Watch for
novel uses of CONGRAM (CONtractor GRAMmer), defined by the imperfect past,
the insufficient present, and the absolutely perfect future.
		-- Amrom Katz


The best thing about growing older is that it takes such a long time.


You two ought to be more careful--
your love could drag on for years and years.


God is dead and I don't feel all too well either....
		-- Ralph Moonen


Nothing succeeds like the appearance of success.
		-- Christopher Lascl


Many a bum show has been saved by the flag.
		-- George M. Cohan


We are simple killers of people and destroyers of property.


If it wasn't so warm out today, it would be cooler.


Fortune Documents the Great Legal Decisions:

We think that we may take judicial notice of the fact that the term "bitch"
may imply some feeling of endearment when applied to a female of the canine
species but that it is seldom, if ever, so used when applied to a female
of the human race. Coming as it did, reasonably close on the heels of two
revolver shots directed at the person of whom it was probably used, we think
it carries every reasonable implication of ill-will toward that person.
		-- Smith v. Moran, 193 N.E. 2d 466


Take what you can use and let the rest go by.
		-- Ken Kesey


Mathematicians do it with a small, imaginary part.


As long as there are ill-defined goals, bizarre bugs, and unrealistic
schedules, there will be Real Programmers willing to jump in and Solve
The Problem, saving the documentation for later.


Q:	How many hardware engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	None.  We'll fix it in software.

Q:	How many system programmers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  The application can work around it.

Q:	How many software engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	None.  We'll document it in the manual.

Q:	How many tech writers does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	None.  The user can figure it out.


"Last night,"  said a lassie named Ruth,
"In a long-distance telephone booth,
	I enjoyed the perfection
	Of an ideal connection --
I was screwed, if you must know the truth."


Why do they call a fast a fast, when it goes so slow?


Fun Facts, #14:
	In table tennis, whoever gets 21 points first wins.  That's how
	it once was in baseball -- whoever got 21 runs first won.


If you can read this, you're too close.


Power corrupts.  Absolute power is kind of neat.
		-- John Lehman, Secretary of the Navy, 1981-1987


Your love life will be happy and harmonious.


Q:	Why did the WASP cross the road?
A:	To get to the middle.


There is no such thing as inner peace.  There is only nervousness or death.
Any attempt to prove otherwise constitutes unacceptable behaviour.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"


Associate with well-mannered persons and your manners will improve.  Run
with decent folk and your own decent instincts will be strengthened.  Keep
the company of bums and you will become a bum.  Hang around with rich people
and you will end by picking up the check and dying broke.
		-- Stanley Walker


CHRISTMAS:
	A time when each of us gets to reflect upon what we each most
	deeply and sincerely believe in.  Money.  At the mall of our
	choice.


Starkle, starkle, little twink,
Who the hell you are I think
I'm not as drunk as thinkle peep
I'm just a little slort of sheep.
Tee martoonis make a guy,
Feel so woozy, I don't know why.
So mass the pixer and kill my fup
I've all day sober to sunday up.


What's all this bru-ha-ha?


America ... just a nation of two hundred million used car salesman
with all the money we need to buy guns and no qualms about killing
anybody else in the world who tries to make us uncomfortable.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing:
		   On the Campaign Trail"


	Will Rogers, having paid too much income tax one year, tried in
vain to claim a rebate.  His numerous letters and queries remained
unanswered.  Eventually the form for the next year's return arrived.  In
the section marked "DEDUCTIONS," Rogers listed: "Bad debt, US Government
-- $40,000."


File cabinet:
	A four drawer, manually activated trash compactor.


Don't everyone thank me at once!
		-- Han Solo


Why must you tell me all your secrets when it's hard enough to love
you knowing nothing?
		-- Lloyd Cole and the Commotions


A successful [software] tool is one that was used to do something
undreamed of by its author.
		-- S. C. Johnson


The Right Honorable Gentleman is indebted to his memory for his jests
and to his imagination for his facts.
		-- Sheridan


College is like a woman -- you work so hard to get in, and nine months
later you wish you'd never come.


I put the shotgun in an Adidas bag and padded it out with four pairs of
tennis socks, not my style at all, but that was what I was aiming for:  If
they think you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical, go
crude.  I'm a very technical boy.  So I decided to get as crude as possible.
These days, though, you have to be pretty technical before you can even
aspire to crudeness.
		-- William Gibson, "Johnny Mnemonic"


Data is not information;
Information is not knowledge;
Knowledge is not wisdom;
		-- Gary Flake


In a five year period we can get one superb programming language.
Only we can't control when the five year period will begin.


I'm not offering myself as an example;
every life evolves by its own laws.


The greatest remedy for anger is delay.


My idea of roughing it turning the air conditioner too low.


The computer is to the information industry roughly what the
central power station is to the electrical industry.
		-- Peter Drucker


Life is like bein' on a mule team.  Unless you're
the lead mule, all the scenery looks about the same.


Of course power tools and alcohol don't mix.  Everyone knows power
tools aren't soluble in alcohol...
		-- Crazy Nigel


Marriage is like twirling a baton, turning handsprings, or eating with
chopsticks.  It looks easy until you try it.


You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.


Q:	Why are Unix emulators like your right hand?
A:	They're just pussy substitutes!


Ninety-Ninety Rule of Project Schedules:
	The first ninety percent of the task takes ninety percent of
	the time, and the last ten percent takes the other ninety percent.


Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants.
		-- General Omar N. Bradley


If God had intended Man to Walk, He would have given him Feet.


Cold, adj.:
	When the politicians walk around with their hands in their own
	pockets.


Something's rotten in the state of Denmark.
		-- William Shakespeare


Nature, to be commanded, must be obeyed.
		-- Francis Bacon


Rocky's Lemma of Innovation Prevention
	Unless the results are known in advance,
	funding agencies will reject the proposal.


All my life I wanted to be someone; I guess I should have been more specific.
		-- Jane Wagner


Come live with me, and be my love,
And we will some new pleasures prove
Of golden sands, and crystal brooks,
With silken lines, and silver hooks.
		-- John Donne


The universe is laughing behind your back.


A programmer is a person who passes as an exacting expert on the basis of
being able to turn out, after innumerable punching, an infinite series of
incomprehensible answers calculated with micrometric precisions from vague
assumptions based on debatable figures taken from inconclusive documents
and carried out on instruments of problematical accuracy by persons of
dubious reliability and questionable mentality for the avowed purpose of
annoying and confounding a hopelessly defenseless department that was
unfortunate enough to ask for the information in the first place.
		-- IEEE Grid newsmagazine


The biggest difference between time and space is that you can't reuse time.
		-- Merrick Furst


I know the answer!  The answer lies within the heart of all mankind!
The answer is twelve?  I think I'm in the wrong building.
		-- Charles Schulz


Persons attempting to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted;
persons attempting to find a moral in it will be banished; persons attempting
to find a plot in it will be shot.  By Order of the Author
		-- Mark Twain, "Tom Sawyer"


He who laughs has not yet heard the bad news.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


Data is not information;
Information is not knowledge;
Knowledge is not wisdom;
		-- Gary Flake


And the crowd was stilled.  One elderly man, wondering at the sudden silence,
turned to the Child and asked him to repeat what he had said.  Wide-eyed,
the Child raised his voice and said once again, "Why, the Emperor has no
clothes!  He is naked!"
		-- "The Emperor's New Clothes"


You have a will that can be influenced
by all with whom you come in contact.


A Polish worker walks into a bank to deposit his paycheck.  He has heard
about Poland's economic problems, and he asks what would happen to his
money if the bank collapsed.  "All of our deposits are guaranteed by the
finance ministry, sir," the teller replies.
	"But what if the finance ministry goes broke?" the worker asks.
	"Then the government will intercede to protect the working class,"
the teller says.
	"But what if the government goes broke?" the worker asks.
	"Our socialist comrades in the Soviet Union naturally will come
to our assistance," the teller responds with growing irritation.
	"And if the Soviet Union goes broke?" the worker asks.
	"Idiot!" the teller snorts. "Isn't that worth losing one lousy
paycheck?"
		-- Making the rounds in Warsaw, 1984


SEMPER UBI SUB UBI!!!!


