It takes leather balls to play rugby.
	(Blood makes the grass grow!)


Drew's Law of Highway Biology:
	The first bug to hit a clean windshield
	lands directly in front of your eyes.


Everybody has something to conceal.
		-- Humphrey Bogart


I'd love to go out with you, but the last time I went out, I never
came back.


My mother loved children -- she would
have given anything if I had been one.
		-- Groucho Marx


My philosophy is: Don't think.
		-- Charles Manson


Transvestite, n.:
	Someone who likes to eat, drink, and be Mary.


Dial 911.  Make a cop come.


Everything you read in newspapers is absolutely true, except for that
rare story of which you happen to have first-hand knowledge.
		-- Erwin Knoll


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(33) There will always be poor people.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


The City of Palo Alto, in its official description of parking lot standards,
specifies the grade of wheelchair access ramps in terms of centimeters of
rise per foot of run.  A compromise, I imagine...


So this elderly couple were sitting in their tiny cold water flat on the
lower East Side when the husband said, "Doris, we're in bad shape.  Inflation
has eaten up our Social Security check.  The next one isn't due for a week
and we've got no money left for food."
	"Could I do anything to help?" she asked.
	"Yes," he said.  "I hate to see you do this but it's the only way.
You're going to have to go out and hustle."
	"Me?" she asked.  "At the age of sixty-five?"
	"It's the only way," he said.
Resigned to the situation, she went out into the warm night.  She came
staggering in early the next morning.
	"How did you do?" asked the husband.
	"Here," she said, "I've got four dollars and ten cents."
	"Four dollars and ten cents," he said.  "Who gave you the ten cents?"
	"Everybody," she said.


It is not wise to make love more than once in the morning.
You never know who you'll meet later in the day.


If some people didn't tell you,
you'd never know they'd been away on vacation.


In the plot, people came to the land; the land loved them; they worked and
struggled and had lots of children.  There was a Frenchman who talked funny
and a greenhorn from England who was a fancy-pants but when it came to the
crunch he was all courage.  Those novels would make you retch.
		-- Canadian novelist Robertson Davies, on the generic Canadian
		   novel.


Neckties strangle clear thinking.
		-- Lin Yutang


OLD FELLA RED CLARET
	Produce of Australia -- "The Big 69'er"

An unusual "Rough-as-Guts" wine that has the Distinctive Bouquet of old
and ill-cared for animals.  It is best drunk with the teeth clenched to
prevent ingestion of the seeds and skins.  Connoisseurs will savour the
slight Tannin Taste of burnt shag feathers and soiled medical dressings.
Possessors of a cultivated Palate admire the initial assault on the taste
buds which comes from the careful and loving blending of circus hosings
with perished jock straps.  The maturing in Midland Abattoir hogsheads
gives it a very Definite Nose.  With the bouquet like an aborigine's armpit.
In the United States this wine is marketed as Crow Brand (9 out of 10 people
who drink it for the first time exclaim "VRAAAARRRRRK").

It won a Bronze at the "Kings Cross Homosexuals Convention" of 1973

Warning: Avoid contact with eyes and open cuts.
	 Keep away from open naked flames -- both old and new.


A girl's best friend is her mutter.
		-- Dorothy Parker


A cow is a completely automated milk-manufacturing machine. It is encased
in untanned leather and mounted on four vertical, movable supports, one at
each corner.  The front end of the machine, or input, contains the cutting
and grinding mechanism, utilizing a unique feedback device.  Here also are
the headlights, air inlet and exhaust, a bumper and a foghorn.
	At the rear, the machine carries the milk-dispensing equipment as
well as a built-in flyswatter and insect repeller.  The central portion
houses a hydro- chemical-conversion unit.  Briefly, this consists of four
fermentation and storage tanks connected in series by an intricate network
of flexible plumbing.  This assembly also contains the central heating plant
complete with automatic temperature controls, pumping station and main
ventilating system.  The waste disposal apparatus is located to the rear of
this central section.
	Cows are available fully-assembled in an assortment of sizes and
colors.  Production output ranges from 2 to 20 tons of milk per year.  In
brief, the main external visible features of the cow are:  two lookers, two
hookers, four stander-uppers, four hanger-downers, and a swishy-wishy.


She ran the gamut of emotions from "A" to "B".
		-- Dorothy Parker, on a Kate Hepburn performance


Life is to you a dashing and bold adventure.


He was a fiddler, and consequently a rogue.
		-- Jonathan Swift


Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.


Q:	How many Romulans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Twelve.  One to screw the light-bulb in, and eleven
	to self-destruct the ship out of disgrace.

	[Warning: do not tell this joke to Romulans or else be ready for
	a fight.  They consider it to be a disgrace, though it's
	pretty good for a LBJ.  Ed.]


Everything is worth precisely as much as a belch, the difference being
that a belch is more satisfying.
		-- Ingmar Bergman


A dead man cannot bite.
		-- Gnaeus Pompeius (Pompey)


The curse of the Irish is not that they don't know the
words to a song -- it's that they know them *all*.
		-- Susan Dooley


Function reject.


If you stick your head in the sand,
one thing is for sure, you're gonna get your rear kicked.


What's a cult?  It just means not enough people to make a minority.
		-- Robert Altman


A male gynecologist is like an auto mechanic who has never owned a car.
		-- Carrie Snow


You could live a better life, if you
had a better mind and a better body.


	"Hmm, lots of people seem to be confused about the difference
between amd64 and ia64."
	"Obviously they've never had an ia64 drop on their foot.  They'd
know the difference then."
		-- Peter Wemm explains CPU architecture


If a train station is a place where a train stops, what's a workstation?


Silverman's Law:
	If Murphy's Law can go wrong, it will.


	"Hello, Police Department."
	"This is Thomas Parrish, 903 Sylvester Court.  I've just been sexually
molested by a pervert, right here in my own home.  It was horrifying!"
	"Just remain calm, sir, and tell me about it."
	"Well, the man came in the window wearing a ski mask.  I was napping
on the bed, in just my pajamas, and the TV set was on so I didn't hear anything.
Suddenly he had his great big old calloused hand over my mouth, holding me down.
I tried to scream... he was pulling my pants off.  I was so frightened!  He
held a knife to my throat and undressed so quickly.  What could I do?  I
couldn't stop him.  He was huge.  A great, hairy, beefy man, more than fifty
pounds heavier than I am, and hung like... Oh! it was terrible.  He had an
erection, and he knelt on my shoulders and forced the awful thing down my
throat; forced me to suck it.  Yes, officer!  There was no escaping this man.
Finally, when I thought I would faint, he got off me and turned me over on
my tummy, forcing my legs apart with his knees, and oh! I'm so embarrassed to
say it, he put that huge thing...  It must have been a foot long, and I don't
know how thick... into my...  Just a minute."
	"What's the matter, mister?"
	"Listen, I have to hang up now, he's getting out of the shower."


But, for my own part, it was Greek to me.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"


Microwave oven?  Whaddya mean, it's a microwave oven?  I've been
watching Channel 4 on the thing for two weeks.


If you float on instinct alone, how can you
calculate the buoyancy for the computed load?
		-- Christopher Hodder-Williams


Easiest Color to Solve on a Rubik's Cube:
	Black.  Simply remove all the little colored stickers on the
cube, and each of side of the cube will now be the original color of
the plastic underneath -- black.  According to the instructions, this
means the puzzle is solved.
		-- Steve Rubenstein


Savage's Law of Expediency:
	You want it bad, you'll get it bad.


Life's too short to dance with ugly women.


Debug is human, de-fix divine.


Life does not begin at the moment of conception or the moment of birth.
It begins when the kids leave home and the dog dies.


The moss on the tree does not fear the talons of the hawk.


I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
		-- Publilius Syrus


QOTD:
	"Sex is the most fun you can have without laughing."


Brother Jim's recent appearance on the William and Mary campus this past
week was cut short by an ingenious device designed by two computer science
students.  A three-foot bar of extruded aluminum was precisely machined,
with a hole milled down the center of precisely the dimensions of one of
the small Gideon bibles.  The end capped off, a CO2 canister was connected
to provide up to 2,000 PSIG.  Preliminary estimates during field testing
revealed a muzzle velocity of approximately 120-150 MPH for bibles exiting
the tube.  Sufficient ammunition was obtained during a previous visit to
campus by another religious organization, and the system was first used on
Brother Jim, who suffered a broken rib and numerous small bruises, in
addition to the usual humiliation.


The strong individual loves the earth so much he lusts for recurrence.  He
can smile in the face of the most terrible thought: meaningless, aimless
existence recurring eternally.  The second characteristic of such a man is
that he has the strength to recognize -- and to live with the recognition --
that the world is valueless in itself and that all values are human ones.
He creates himself by fashioning his own values; he has the pride to live
by the values he wills.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would
be a merrier world.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


It is no wonder that people are so horrible when they start life as children.
		-- Kingsley Amis


A method of solution is perfect if we can foresee from the start,
and even prove, that following that method we shall attain our aim.
		-- Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz


Winning isn't everything, but losing really sucks.


During almost fifteen centuries the legal establishment of Christianity has
been upon trial.  What has been its fruits? More or less, in all places,
pride and indolence in the clergy; ignorance and servility in the laity,;
in both, superstition, bigotry, and persecution.
		-- James Madison


18th Rule of Friendship:
	A friend will let you hold the ladder while he goes up on the roof
	to install your new aerial, which is the biggest son-of-a-bitch you
	ever saw.
		-- Esquire, May 1977


He carried me over the stream, striding through the current, his strong,
muscular, thighs scarcely hesitating as he sure-footedly forded the water.
But what was that bulge, small, oblong, solid, that might have been, say,
a pocket camera?
		-- An Exciting Journey


Why would anyone want to be called "Later"?


Try not to have a good time ...
This is supposed to be educational.
		-- Charles Schulz


The executioner is, I hear, very expert, and my neck is very slender.
		-- Anne Boleyn


Q:	How can we get the Beatles to reunite for one more concert?
A:	With three more bullets.


A truly wise woman never plays leapfrog with a unicorn.


Science Fiction, Double Feature.
Frank has built and lost his creature.
Darkness has conquered Brad and Janet.
The servants gone to a distant planet.
Wo, oh, oh, oh.
At the late night, double feature, Picture show.
I want to go, oh, oh, oh.
To the late night, double feature, Picture show.
		-- Rocky Horror Picture Show


Do Miami a favor.  When you leave, take someone with you.


"Algorithms" is an anagram for "Hilt orgasm".  Maybe this explains
the popularity of this field of study in computer science.


Do I like getting drunk?  Depends on who's doing the drinking.
		-- Amy Gorin


I always pass on good advice.  It is the only thing to do with it.
It is never any good to oneself.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "An Ideal Husband"


Have an adequate day.


He:	Am I... am I your first?
She:	Well, honey, I could have sworn your face looked familiar...


Basically my wife was immature.  I'd be at home in the bath and she'd
come in and sink my boats.
		-- Woody Allen


Only those who leisurely approach that which the masses are
busy about can be busy about that which the masses take leisurely.
		-- Lao Tsu


Success is the sole earthly judge of right and wrong.
		-- Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf"


God made machine language; all the rest is the work of man.


Charlie Brown:	Why was I put on this earth?
Linus:		To make others happy.
Charlie Brown:	Why were others put on this earth?


Happiness isn't something you experience; it's something you remember.
		-- Oscar Levant


Tomorrow, you can be anywhere.


Gentlemen prefer blondes, but who says blondes prefer gentlemen?
		-- Mae West


If you are of the opinion that the contemplation of suicide is sufficient
evidence of a poetic nature, do not forget that actions speak louder than
words.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"


You'll feel devilish tonight.
Toss dynamite caps under a flamenco dancer's heel.


The revolution will not be televised.


There appears before you a threatening figure clad all over in heavy black
armor.  His legs seem like the massive trunk of the oak tree.  His broad
shoulders and helmeted head loom high over your own puny frame and you
realize that his powerful arms could easily crush the very life from your
body.  There hangs from his belt a veritable arsenal of deadly weapons:
sword, mace, ball and chain, dagger, lance, and trident.
He speaks with a commanding voice:

		"YOU SHALL NOT PASS"

As he grabs you by the neck all grows dim about you.


			Has your family tried 'em?

			   POWDERMILK BISCUITS

		 Heavens, they're tasty and expeditious!

	    They're made from whole wheat, to give shy persons
	   the strength to get up and do what needs to be done.

			   POWDERMILK BISCUITS

	Buy them ready-made in the big blue box with the picture of
	the biscuit on the front, or in the brown bag with the dark
		     stains that indicate freshness.


If God had wanted you to go around nude,
He would have given you bigger hands.


The man who laughs has not yet been told the terrible news.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


What do you give a man who has everything?  Penicillin.
		-- Jerry Lester


In a surprise raid last night, federal agent's ransacked a house in search
of a rebel computer hacker.  However, they were unable to complete the arrest
because the warrant was made out in the name of Don Provan, while the only
person in the house was named don provan.  Proving, once again, that Unix is
superior to Tops10.


I have that old biological urge,
I have that old irresistible surge,
I'm hungry.


Interfere?  Of course we should interfere!  Always do what you're
best at, that's what I say.
		-- "Doctor Who"


Q:	What's the difference between a JAP and a baby elephant?
A:	About 10 pounds.

Q:	How do you make them the same?
A:	Force feed the elephant.


Pardon me, sir, but you've obviously
mistaken me for someone who gives a shit.


One good thing about music,
Well, it helps you feel no pain.
So hit me with music;
Hit me with music now.
		-- Bob Marley, "Trenchtown Rock"


A transistor protected by a fast-acting
fuse will protect the fuse by blowing first.


Tom Hayden is the kind of politician who gives opportunism a bad name.
		-- Gore Vidal


Don't force it, get a larger hammer.
		-- Anthony


One seldom sees a monument to a committee.


The important thing is not to stop questioning.


One difference between a man and a machine
is that a machine is quiet when well oiled.


Academic politics is the most vicious and bitter form of politics,
because the stakes are so low.
		-- Wallace Sayre


Old age and treachery will overcome youth and skill.


Sex is what women have and men want.


A woman is like your shadow; follow her,
she flies; fly from her, she follows.
		-- Chamfort


You're using a keyboard!  How quaint!


Anybody has a right to evade taxes if he can get away with it.  No citizen
has a moral obligation to assist in maintaining his government.
		-- J. P. Morgan


I never believed in Santa Claus because I knew no white dude would come
into my neighborhood after dark.
		-- Dick Gregory


Bombeck's Rule of Medicine:
	Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.


