Coitus is punishment for the happiness of being together.  Live as
ascetically as possible... that is the only possible way for me to
endure marriage.  But she?
		-- Franz Kafka


This quote is taken from the Diamondback, the University of Maryland
student newspaper, of Tuesday, 3/10/87.

	One disadvantage of the Univac system is that it does not use
	Unix, a recently developed program which translates from one
	computer language to another and has a built-in editing system
	which identifies errors in the original program.


I must have slipped a disk -- my pack hurts!


Vax Vobiscum


I always choose my friends for their good looks and my enemies for their
good intellects.  Man cannot be too careful in his choice of enemies.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Picture of Dorian Gray"


Don't dip your wick in a WAC,
Don't ride the breast of a WAVE,
	Just sit in the sand
	And do it by hand,
And buy bonds with the money you save.


Getting the job done is no excuse for not following the rules.

Corollary:
	Following the rules will not get the job done.


If God had intended Man to Watch TV, He would have given him Rabbit Ears.


Flee at once, all is discovered.


The husband wired home that he had been able to wind up his business trip a
day early and would be home on Thursday.  When he walked into his apartment,
however, he found his wife in bed with another man.  Furious, he picked up his
bag and stormed out.  He met his mother-in-law on the street, told her what
had happened and announced that he was filing for divorce in the morning.
	"Give my daughter a chance to explain before you take any action,"
the older woman pleaded.  Reluctantly, he agreed.
	An hour later his mother-in-law phoned the husband at his club.
"I knew my daughter would have an explanation," she said, a note of triumph
in her voice.  "She didn't receive your telegram!"


I'm not denyin' the women are foolish: God Almighty made 'em to
match the men.
		-- George Eliot


Alright, yes, date, and shop, and hang out, and go to school ... and
save the world from unspeakable demons.  You know, I want to do girlie
stuff.
		-- Buffy, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Faith, Hope & Trick"
		   Season 3, Episode 3


What is good?  Everything that heightens the feeling of power in man, the
will to power, power itself.  What is bad?  Everything that is born of
weakness.  Not contentedness but more power; not peace but war; not virtue
but fitness.  The weak and the failures shall perish: first principle of
our love of man.  And they shall even be given every possible assistance.
What is more harmful than any vice?  Active pity for all the failures and
all the weak: Christianity.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Trust everybody, but cut the cards.
		-- Finley Peter Dunne, "Mr. Dooley's Philosophy"


You're ugly and your mother dresses you funny.


Infatuation, n.:
	When you're in love, there's a lump in your throat.
	When you're infatuated, there's a lump in your pants.


I knew Leo G. Carrol
Was over a barrel
When Tarantula took to the hills.	["Lick it!"]
And I really got hot
When I saw Jeanette Scott
Fight a triffid that spits poison and kills.

Science fiction, double feature
Doctor X will build a creature.
See androids fighting Brad and Janet
Anne Francis stars in Forbidden Planet
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh
At the late night, double feature, picture show.
		-- The Rocky Horror Picture Show


Oh, my friend, it is not what they take away from you that counts --
it's what you do with what you have left.
		-- Hubert H. Humphrey


Take my word for it, the silliest woman can manage a clever man,
but it needs a very clever woman to manage a fool.
		-- Kipling


In a consumer society there are inevitably two kinds of slaves:
the prisoners of addiction and the prisoners of envy.


Perhaps, after all, America never has been discovered.
I myself would say that it had merely been detected.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Women, when they have made a sheep of a man,
always tell him that he is a lion with a will of iron.
		-- Honore de Balzac


Ozman's Laws:
	(1)  If someone says he will do something "without fail," he won't.
	(2)  The more people talk on the phone, the less money they make.
	(3)  People who go to conferences are the ones who shouldn't.
	(4)  Pizza always burns the roof of your mouth.


While away at a convention, an executive happened to meet a young woman who
was pretty, chic, and intelligent.  When he persuaded her to disrobe in his
hotel room, he found out she had a superb body as well.  Unfortunately, as
will happen, the executive sadly found himself unable to perform.
	On his first night home, the executive padded naked from the shower
into the bedroom to find his wife swathed in a rumpled bathrobe, her hair
curled, her face creamed, munching candy loudly as she pored through a movie
magazine.  And then, without warning, he felt the onset of a magnificent
erection.
	Looking down at his throbbing member, he snarled, "Why you ungrateful,
mixed-up, son-of-a-bitch!  Now I know why they call you a prick!"


MOMENTUM:
	What you give a person when they are going away.


When more and more people are thrown out of work, unemployment results.
		-- Calvin Coolidge


I wasn't kissing her, I was whispering in her mouth.
		-- Chico Marx


I think...  I think it's in my basement... Let me go upstairs and check.
		-- M. C. Escher


It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one.


Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
		-- Mark Twain


QOTD:
	"A child of 5 could understand this!  Fetch me a child of 5."


A Catholic and a Methodist were carpooling to work one morning, when a brick
fell out of the sky, which startled the driver and caused him to swerve off
the road and into a telephone pole, totaling the car.
	The two stumbled out of the wreckage, both feeling quite fortunate
to be alive.  The Catholic crossed himself.  Then the Protestant crossed
himself in an accentuated manner.
	"Hey," said the Catholic, "Why did you cross yourself, you're not
Catholic!"
	"Just checking," replied his friend, crossing himself again,
"spectacles, testicles, wallet, pen."


A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who has never
learned to walk.
		-- Franklin D. Roosevelt


This yuppie, see, was in a car wreck.  His BMW was mangled, and so was he.
The paramedic was leaning over him getting his vitals, and all the yup
could groan was "My BMW!  My BMW!"
	The paramedic tried to quiet the man, pointing out that his car
wasn't his chief concern at the moment, especially as he'd been rearranged
pretty badly himself -- for example, his left arm was severed at the elbow
and was lying about twenty feet away.
	There was a moment of stunned silence from the yup followed by
"Oh no!  My Rolex!  My Rolex!"


If you're speaking of actions immoral
The how about giving the laurel
	To doughty Queen Esther,
	No three men could best her --
One fore, and one aft, and one oral.


E.T. GO HOME!!!  (And take your Smurfs with you.)


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #3
	A New York City judge ruled that if two women behind you at the
movies insist on discussing the probable outcome of the film, you have the
right to turn around and blow a Bronx cheer at them.


You will be the last person to buy a Chrysler.


The use of money is all the advantage there is to having money.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22 to Dec. 21)
	Move slowly today, be deliberate.  Indications are for bleeding
	ulcers.  Drink milk.  Try not to be your usual offensive and
	obnoxious self.  Call your mother.


Hear about...
	the tight end who got two years for possession and came out a
	wide receiver?


Whenever I date a guy, I think, is this the man I want my children
to spend their weekends with?
		-- Rita Rudner


No, "Eureka" is Greek for "This bath is too hot."
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


On ability:
	A dwarf is small, even if he stands on a mountain top;
	a colossus keeps his height, even if he stands in a well.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca, 4BC - 65AD


Patageometry, n.:
	The study of those mathematical properties that are invariant
under brain transplants.


If your aim in life is nothing; you can't miss.


Murphy's Laws:
	(1) If anything can go wrong, it will.
	(2) Nothing is as easy as it looks.
	(3) Everything takes longer than you think it will.


A man without a woman is like a statue without pigeons.


He who renders warfare fatal to all engaged in it will
be the greatest benefactor the world has yet known.
		-- Sir Richard Burton


You will be reincarnated as a toad; and you will be much happier.


In the time of peace and harmony
Be a kind-hearted friend.
In the time of conflict with enemies
Be a falcon of advance and attack.
		-- Chinggis (Genghis) Khan


At twenty-six, Kate, though not promiscuous, had slept with most of the
decent men in public life.
		-- Renata Adler


We're Knights of the Round Table
We dance whene'er we're able
We do routines and chorus scenes	We're knights of the Round Table
With footwork impeccable		Our shows are formidable
We dine well here in Camelot		But many times
We eat ham and jam and Spam a lot.	We're given rhymes
					That are quite unsingable
In war we're tough and able,		We're opera mad in Camelot
Quite indefatigable			We sing from the diaphragm a lot.
Between our quests
We sequin vests
And impersonate Clark Gable
It's a busy life in Camelot.
I have to push the pram a lot.
		-- Monty Python


MEMO:
	An interoffice communication too often written more for
	the benefit of the person who sends it than the person
	who receives it.


Don't tell any big lies today.  Small ones can be just as effective.


Marriage is like twirling a baton, turning handsprings, or eating with
chopsticks.  It looks easy until you try it.


Get your bytes from our backend!
		-- Britton Lee


The people sensible enough to give
good advice are usually sensible enough to give none.


It's amazing how much "mature wisdom" resembles being too tired.


	The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy has a few things to say on
the subject of towels.
	A towel, it says, is about the most massively useful thing an
interstellar hitchhiker can have.  Partly it has great practical value.
You can wrap it around you for warmth as you bound across the cold moons
of Jaglan Beta; you can lie on it on the brilliant marble-sanded beaches
of Santraginus V ... use it to sail a miniraft down the slow heavy River
Moth; wave your towel in emergencies, and, of course, dry yourself off
with it if it still seems to be clean enough.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


The meat is rotten, but the booze is holding out.
Computer translation of "The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak."


An American tourist is visiting Russia, and he's talking with a Russian
about the fact that not many people in Russia own cars.

American:	"I can't believe you don't have cars here!  How do you
		get to work?"
Russian:	"We take the bus, or the subway.  We have public
		transportation everywhere."
A:		"Well, how do you go on vacations?"
R:		"We take the train."
A:		"Well, what if you want to go abroad?"
R:		"We don't ever want go abroad."
A:		"Well, what if you really HAVE to go abroad?"
R:		"We take tanks."


If you are afraid of loneliness, don't marry.
		-- Anton Chekov


Testing can show the presence of bugs, but not their absence.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

A new system, the CIRCULATORY system, has been added.

The long-experimental CIRCULATORY system has been released to users.  The
Lisp Machine uses Type B fluid, the L machine uses Type A fluid.  When the
switch to Common Lisp occurs both machines will, of course, be Type O.
Please check fluid level by using the DIP stick which is located in the
back of VMI monitors.  Unchecked low fluid levels can cause poor paging
performance.


She was a farmer's daughter but she couldn't keep her calves together.


The truth is what is; what should be is a dirty lie.
		-- Lenny Bruce


Come, landlord, fill the flowing bowl until it does run over,
Tonight we will all merry be -- tomorrow we'll get sober.
		-- John Fletcher, "The Bloody Brother", II, 2


The denunciation of the young is a necessary part of the hygiene of older
people, and greatly assists in the circulation of the blood.
		-- Logan Pearsall Smith


Now is the time for drinking;
now the time to beat the earth with unfettered foot.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


It was raining heavily, and the motorist had car trouble on a lonely country
road.  Anxious to find shelter for the night, he walked over to a farmhouse
and knocked on the front door.  No one responded.  He could feel the water
from the roof running down the back of his neck as he stood on the stoop.
The next time he knocked louder, but still no answer.  By now he was soaked
to the skin.  Desperately he pounded on the door.  At last the head of a
man appeared out of an upstairs window.
	"What do you want?" he asked gruffly.
	"My car broke down," said the traveler, "and I want to know if you
would let me stay here for the night."
	"Sure," replied the man. "If you want to stay there all night, it's
okay with me."


QOTD:
	"I am not sure what this is, but an `F' would only dignify it."


When the blind lead the blind they will both fall over the cliff.
		-- Chinese proverb


I came, I saw, I deleted all your files.


That's the thing about people who think they hate computers.  What they
really hate is lousy programmers.
		-- Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle in "Oath of Fealty"


Hate is like acid.  It can damage the vessel in which it is
stored as well as destroy the object on which it is poured.


For every bloke who makes his mark,
there's half a dozen waiting to rub it out.
		-- Andy Capp


Cthulhu Cthucks!


Share, n.:
	To give in, endure humiliation.


God is not dead!  He's alive and autographing bibles at Cody's.


The savior becomes the victim.


When I'm gone, boxing will be nothing again.  The fans with the cigars and
the hats turned down'll be there, but no more housewives and little men in
the street and foreign presidents.  It's goin' to be back to the fighter who
comes to town, smells a flower, visits a hospital, blows a horn and says
he's in shape.  Old hat.  I was the onliest boxer in history people asked
questions like a senator.
		-- Muhammad Ali


Economists state their GNP growth projections to the nearest tenth of a
percentage point to prove they have a sense of humor.
		-- Edgar R. Fiedler


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Woman:

 1. You can enjoy a beer all month.
 2. Beer stains wash out.
 3. Beer doesn't go crazy once a month.
 4. Beer never makes you wait.
 5. A beer doesn't get jealous when you grab another beer.
 6. Beer doesn't have a lawyer "in the family".
 7. A beer won't get upset if you come home with beer on your breath.
 8. Beer doesn't demand equality.
 9. Beer labels come off without a fight.
10. Beer doesn't mind being in the "wet spot" that IT left.


The ideal voice for radio may be defined as showing no substance,
no sex, no owner, and a message of importance for every housewife.
		-- Harry V. Wade


There is a certain impertinence in allowing oneself to be burned for an
opinion.
		-- Anatole France


I know what you're up to, you white-feathered fiend!
Go release your bowels on some lesser personage!
		-- W. C. Fields, upon seeing a bird overhead


Yevtushenko has... an ego that can crack crystal at a distance of twenty
feet.
		-- John Cheever


Q:	What is the difference between snow-men and snow-women?
A:	Snowballs!


If everything seems to be going well,
you have obviously overlooked something.


Did you know that Spiro Agnew is an anagram of "Grow a Penis"?


Her kisses left something to be desired -- the rest of her.


Horace's best ode would not please a young woman as much
as the mediocre verses of the young man she is in love with.
		-- Moore


One hundred and one uses for canned peaches.
One hundred and two if you plan to eat them.


Nadia Comaneci, simple perfection.
		-- '76 Olympics


Fame may be fleeting but obscurity is forever.


One Saturday afternoon, during the campaign to decide whether or not
there should be a Coastal Commission, I took a helicopter ride from Los
Angeles to San Diego.  We passed several state beaches, some crowded
and some virtually empty.  They had the same facilities, and in some
cases the crowded and the empty beach were within a quarter mile of
each other.  Obviously many beach-goers prefer to be crowded together.
Buying more beaches that people won't go to because they prefer to be
crowded together on one beach is a ridiculous waste of our natural
resources and our taxes.
		-- Ronald Reagan


If life is merely a joke, the question
still remains: for whose amusement?


Woman was taken out of man -- not out of his head, to rule over him; nor
out of his feet, to be trampled under by him; but out of his side, to be
equal to him -- under his arm, that he might protect her, and near his heart
that he might love her.
		-- Henry


Everything I like is either illegal, immoral or fattening.
		-- Alexander Woollcott


It's no surprise that things are so screwed up: everyone that knows how
to run a government is either driving taxicabs or cutting hair.
		-- George Burns


To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved.


The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be
regarded as a criminal offence.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


Disbar, n.:
	As distinguished from some other bar.


	On the other hand, the TCP camp also has a phrase for OSI people.
There are lots of phrases.  My favorite is `nitwit' -- and the rationale
is the Internet philosophy has always been you have extremely bright,
non-partisan researchers look at a topic, do world-class research, do
several competing implementations, have a bake-off, determine what works
best, write it down and make that the standard.
	The OSI view is entirely opposite.  You take written contributions
from a much larger community, you put the contributions in a room of
committee people with, quite honestly, vast political differences and all
with their own political axes to grind, and four years later you get
something out, usually without it ever having been implemented once.
	So the Internet perspective is implement it, make it work well,
then write it down, whereas the OSI perspective is to agree on it, write
it down, circulate it a lot and now we'll see if anyone can implement it
after it's an international standard and every vendor in the world is
committed to it.  One of those processes is backwards, and I don't think
it takes a Lucasian professor of physics at Oxford to figure out which.
		-- Marshall Rose, "The Pied Piper of OSI"


Just how difficult it is to write biography can be reckoned by anybody
who sits down and considers just how many people know the real truth
about his or her love affairs.
		-- Rebecca West


I have seen the future and it is just like the present, only longer.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"


There's a trick to the Graceful Exit.  It begins with the vision to
recognize when a job, a life stage, a relationship is over -- and to
let go.  It means leaving what's over without denying its validity
or its past importance in our lives.  It involves a sense of future,
a belief that every exit line is an entry, that we are moving on,
rather than out.  The trick of retiring well may be the trick of
living well.  It's hard to recognize that life isn't a holding
action, but a process.  It's hard to learn that we don't leave the
best parts of ourselves behind, back in the dugout or the office.
We own what we learned back there.  The experiences and the growth
are grafted onto our lives.  And when we exit, we can take ourselves
along -- quite gracefully.
		-- Ellen Goodman


Forty isn't old, if you're a tree.


Buck-passing usually turns out to be a boomerang.


IDLENESS:
	Leisure gone to seed.


Bernard was a young eighty-three, not a gomer, and able to talk.  He'd been
transferred from MBH (Man's Best Hospital), the House's Rival.  Founded in
Colonial times by the WASPs, the insemination of MBH by non-WASPs had taken
place only mid-twentieth century with the token multidextrous Oriental
surgeon, and finally, with the token red-hot internal-medicine Jew.  Yet,
MBH was still Brooks Brothers, while the House was still the Garment District.
For Jews at MBH the password was "Dress British, Think Yiddish."  It was
rare to get a TURF from the MBH to the House, and the Fat Man was curious:
"Bernard, you went to the MBH, they did a great work-up, and you told them,
after they got done, you wanted to be transferred here. Why?"
	"I rilly don't know," said Bernard.
	"Was it the doctors there? The doctors you didn't like?"
	"The doctus?  Nah, the doctus I can't complain."
	"The test or the room?"
	"The tests or the room?  Vell, nah, about them I can't complain."
	"The nurses? The food?" asked Fats, but Bernard shook his head no.
Fats laughed and said, "Listen, Bernie, you went to the MBH, they did this
great workup, and when I asked you shy you came to the House of God, all you
tell me is, 'Nah, I can't complain.'  So why did you come here?  Why, Bernie,
why?"
	"Vhy I come heah?  Vell, said Bernie, "Heah I can complain."
		-- House of God


Worthless.
		-- Sir George Bidell Airy, KCB, MA, LLD, DCL, FRS, FRAS
		   (Astronomer Royal of Great Britain), estimating for the
		   Chancellor of the Exchequer the potential value of the
		   "analytical engine" invented by Charles Babbage, September
		   15, 1842.


Q:	What's the difference between Bell Labs and the Boy Scouts of America?
A:	The Boy Scouts have adult supervision.


Simplicity does not precede complexity, but follows it.


Before you ask more questions, think about whether
you really want to know the answers.
		-- Gene Wolfe, "The Claw of the Conciliator"


The only thing that experience teaches us is that experience teaches
us nothing.
		-- Andre Maurois (Emile Herzog)


	"I have examined Bogota," he said, "and the case is clearer to me.
I think very probably he might be cured."
	"That is what I have always hoped," said old Yacob.
	"His brain is affected," said the blind doctor.
	The elders murmured assent.
	"Now, what affects it?"
	"Ah!" said old Yacob.
	"This," said the doctor, answering his own question.  "Those queer
things that are called the eyes, and which exist to make an agreeable soft
depression in the face, are diseased, in the case of Bogota, in such a way
as to affect his brain.  They are greatly distended, he has eyelashes, and
his eyelids move, and consequently his brain is in a state of constant
irritation and distraction."
	"Yes?" said old Yacob.  "Yes?"
	"And I think I may say with reasonable certainty that, in order
to cure him completely, all that we need do is a simple and easy surgical
operation - namely, to remove those irritant bodies."
	"And then he will be sane?"
	"Then he will be perfectly sane, and a quite admirable citizen."
	"Thank heaven for science!" said old Yacob.
		-- H. G. Wells, "The Country of the Blind"


No man's ambition has a right to stand in
the way of performing a simple act of justice.
		-- John Altgeld


In this vale
Of toil and sin
Your head grows bald
But not your chin.
		-- Burma Shave


If two men agree on everything, you may be sure that one of them is
doing the thinking.
		-- Lyndon B. Johnson

Jerry Ford is a nice guy, but he played too much football with his
helmet off.
		-- Lyndon B. Johnson

I do not believe that this generation of Americans is willing to resign
itself to going to bed each night by the light of a Communist moon.
		-- Lyndon B. Johnson


A fool is a man who worries about whether or not his lover has integrity.
A wise man, on the other hand, busies himself with deeper attributes.


Happiness is a hard disk.


The best definition of a gentleman is a man who can play the accordion --
but doesn't.
		-- Tom Crichton


Never tell people how to do things.  Tell them WHAT to
do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.
		-- Gen. George S. Patton, Jr.


	COONDOG MEMORY
	(heard in Rutledge, Missouri, about eighteen years ago)

Now, this dog is for sale, and she can not only follow a trail twice as
old as the average dog can, but she's got a pretty good memory to boot.
For instance, last week this old boy who lives down the road from me, and
is forever stinkmouthing my hounds, brought some city fellow around to
try out ol' Sis here.  So I turned her out south of the house and she made
two or three big swings back and forth across the edge of the woods, set
back her head, bayed a couple of times, cut straight through the woods,
come to a little clearing, jumped about three foot straight up in the air,
run to the other side, and commenced to letting out a racket like she had
something treed.  We went over there with our flashlights and shone them
up in the tree but couldn't catch no shine offa coon's eyes, and my
neighbor sorta indicated that ol' Sis might be a little crazy, `cause she
stood right to the tree and kept singing up into it.  So I pulled off my
coat and climbed up into the branches, and sure enough, there was a coon
skeleton wedged in between a couple of branches about twenty foot up.
Now as I was saying, she can follow a pretty old trail, but this fellow
was still calling her crazy or touched `cause she had hopped up in the
air while she was crossing the clearing, until I reminded him that the
Hawkins' had a fence across there about five years back.  Now, this dog
is for sale.
		-- News that stayed News: Ten Years of Coevolution Quarterly


	Penn's aunts made great apple pies at low prices.  No one else in
town could compete with the pie rates of Penn's aunts.
	During the American Revolution, a Britisher tried to raid a farm.  He
stumbled across a rock on the ground and fell, whereupon an aggressive Rhode
Island Red hopped on top.  Seeing this, the farmer commented, "Chicken catch
a Tory!"
	A wife started serving chopped meat, Monday hamburger, Tuesday meat
loaf, Wednesday tartar steak, and Thursday meatballs.  On Friday morning her
husband snarled, "How now, ground cow?"
	A journalist, thrilled over his dinner, asked the chef for the recipe.
Retorted the chef, "Sorry, we have the same policy as you journalists, we
never reveal our sauce."
	A new chef from India was fired a week after starting the job.  He
kept favoring curry.
	A couple of kids tried using pickles instead of paddles for a Ping-Pong
game.  They had the volley of the Dills.


You cannot use your friends and have them too.


Rudd's Discovery:
	You know that any senator or congressman could go home and make
	$300,000 to $400,000, but they don't.  Why?  Because they can
	stay in Washington and make it there.


Got a complaint about the Internal Revenue Service?
Call the convenient toll-free "IRS Taxpayer Complaint Hot Line Number":

	1-800-AUDITME


Do not read this fortune under penalty of law.
Violators will be prosecuted.
(Penal Code sec. 2.3.2 (II.a.))


Nothing matters very much, and few things matter at all.
		-- Arthur Balfour


Hear about...
	the new instrument of credit especially designed for use in
	Los Angeles single bars?  It's called Bang Americard.


By trying we can easily learn to endure adversity.
Another man's, I mean.
		-- Mark Twain


SWEATER:
	A garment worn by a child when their mother feels chilly.


I have no doubt the Devil grins,
As seas of ink I spatter.
Ye gods, forgive my "literary" sins--
The other kind don't matter.
		-- Robert W. Service


The bedsprings next door jounce and creak:
They have kept me awake for a week.
	Why do newlyweds
	Select squeaky beds
To develop their fucking technique?


An optimist is a man who looks forward to marriage.
A pessimist is a married optimist.


Brucify, v.:
	1: Kill by nailing onto style(9); "David O'Brien was brucified"
	2: Annoy constantly by reminding of potential improvements
	   [syn: {torment}, {rag}, {tantalize}, {bedevil}, {dun},
	   {frustrate}]
	3: Fix problems that were indicated in an earlier brucification
	   (of one of the two other meanings).
The word 'brucify' originally comes from the style-reviews of Bruce
Evans of the FreeBSD project, but is now also sometimes used for
reviews just done in his spirit.


Tell me what to think!!!


	The other day my girlfriend and I were going to a party and on the
way there, we got a flat tire.  We got out of the car and I pumped, she
jacked I pumped, she jacked, I pumped, she jacked and then we changed the
tire.  Eventually we arrived at the party and when we walked in, everyone was
jumping for joy.  What a sight seeing her hanging nude from the chandelier!
Well the party was OK, I guess, we just sat around drinking sherry and eating
candy.  Everybody else started feeling merry.  Those have got to be the three
wildest girls I know.


He boil my first cabbage, make it awfully hot,
But when he put in the bacon, oooh, you know it overflow the pot.
		-- Bessie Smith, "Empty Bed Blues"


Remember when you were a kid and the boys didn't like the girls?  Only
sissies liked girls?  What I'm trying to tell you is that nothing's
changed.  You think boys grow out of not liking girls, but we don't
grow out of it.  We just grow horny.  That's the problem.  We mix up
liking pussy for liking girls.  Believe me, one couldn't have less to
do with the other.
		-- Jules Feiffer


Asking a working writer what he thinks about critics is like asking a
lamp-post how it feels about dogs.
		-- Christopher Hampton


Never tell a lie unless it is absolutely convenient.


You are the only person to ever get this message.


Drinking coffee for instant relaxation?  That's like drinking alcohol for
instant motor skills.
		-- Marc Price


Ever notice that the word "therapist" breaks down into "the rapist"?
Simple coincidence?
Maybe...


Like punning, programming is a play on words.


Intellect annuls Fate.
So far as a man thinks, he is free.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


A hard man is good to find.


We don't know who discovered water, but we're certain it wasn't a fish.


* UNIX is a Trademark of Bell Laboratories.


What this country needs is a good five cent ANYTHING!


In God we trust; all else we walk through.


Was it you that did the pushin',
Left the stains upon the cushion,
The footprints on the dashboard upside-down?
Was it you, you little pecker,
That got into my Rebecca,
If you did, you'd better leave this town!

Yes, 'twas I that did the pushin',
Left the stains upon the cushion,
Footprints on the dashboard upside-down.
But since I stuck your daughter,
I've had trouble passin' water,
So I guess we're kind of even all around!


Hackers do it with bugs.


The world is coming to an end...  SAVE YOUR BUFFERS!!


The point is, you see, that there is no point in driving yourself mad
trying to stop yourself going mad.  You might just as well give in and
save your sanity for later.


Machines that have broken down will work perfectly when the
repairman arrives.


Did you know....

That no-one ever reads these things?


It's not so hard to lift yourself by your bootstraps once you're off
the ground.
		-- Daniel B. Luten


God is really only another artist.  He invented the giraffe, the
elephant and the cat.  He has no real style, He just goes on trying
other things.
		-- Pablo Picasso


I sometimes think that God, in creating man, somewhat overestimated his
ability.
		-- Oscar Wilde


I think there's a world market for about five computers.
		-- attr. Thomas J. Watson, Chairman of the Board, IBM (1943)


The best diplomat I know is a fully activated phaser bank.
		-- Scotty


Don't put off for tomorrow what you can do today because
if you do it today, you can do it again tomorrow.


Cthulhu Saves -- in case He's hungry later.


