	On the occasion of Nero's 25th birthday, he arrived at the Colosseum
to find that the Praetorian Guard had prepared a treat for him in the arena.
There stood 25 naked virgins, like candles on a cake, tied to poles, burning
alive.  "Wonderful!" exclaimed the deranged emperor, "but one of them isn't
dead yet.  I can see her lips moving.  Go quickly and find out what she is
saying."
	The centurion saluted, and hurried out to the virgin, getting as near
the flames as he dared, and listened intently.  Then he turned and ran back
to the imperial box.  "She is not talking," he reported to Nero, "she is
singing."
	"Singing?" said the astounded emperor.  "Singing what?"
	"Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you..."


This is NOT a repeat.


A guy walks into a bar, orders a beer, carries it to the bathroom and dumps it
into a urinal.  Over the course of the next few hours, he goes back to the bar
and repeats this sequence -- several times.  Finally the bartender got so
curious that he leaned over the bar and asked him what he was doing.
	Replied the customer, "Avoiding the middleman."


1) X=Y				; Given
2) X^2=XY			; Multiply both sides by X
3) X^2-Y^2=XY-Y^2		; Subtract Y^2 from both sides
4) (X+Y)(X-Y)=Y(X-Y)		; Factor
5) X+Y=Y			; Cancel out (X-Y) term
6) 2Y=Y				; Substitute X for Y, by equation 1
7) 2=1				; Divide both sides by Y
		-- "Omni", proof that 2 equals 1


Every time you manage to close the door on
Reality, it comes in through the window.


The herd instinct among economists
makes sheep look like independent thinkers.


The mome rath isn't born that could outgrabe me.
		-- Nicol Williamson


Q:	Why don't blondes eat pickles?
A:	Because they get their head stuck in the jars.

Q:	Why do blondes wear underwear?
A:	To keep their ankles warm.

Q:	How do you kill a blonde?
A:	Put spikes in her shoulder pads.


If I were a grave-digger or even a hangman, there are some people I could
work for with a great deal of enjoyment.
		-- Douglas Jerrold


The weather is here, I wish you were beautiful.
My thoughts aren't too clear, but don't run away.
My girlfriend's a bore; my job is too dutiful.
Hell nobody's perfect, would you like to play?
I feel together today!
		-- Jimmy Buffet, "Coconut Telegraph"


Fine day to work off excess energy.  Steal something heavy.


I'm all for computer dating, but I
wouldn't want one to marry my sister.


Ronald Reagan -- America's favorite placebo


Chihuahuas drive me crazy.  I can't stand anything that
shivers when it's warm.


Ninety percent of the time things turn out worse than you thought they would.
The other ten percent of the time you had no right to expect that much.
		-- Augustine


If you just try long enough and hard enough, you can always manage to boot
yourself in the posterior.
		-- A. J. Liebling, "The Press"


All of the people in my building are insane.  The guy above me designs
synthetic hairballs for ceramic cats.  The lady across the hall tried to
rob a department store... with a pricing gun...  She said, "Give me all
of the money in the vault, or I'm marking down everything in the store."
		-- Steven Wright


Ask not what's inside your head, but what your head's inside of.
		-- J. J. Gibson


You're at the end of the road again.


Well thaaaaaaat's okay.


Bisexuality immediately doubles your chances for a date on Saturday night.
		-- Woody Allen


Women are not much, but they are the best other sex we have.
		-- Herold


Scotty:	Captain, we din' can reference it!
Kirk:	Analysis, Mr. Spock?
Spock:	Captain, it doesn't appear in the symbol table.
Kirk:	Then it's of external origin?
Spock:	Affirmative.
Kirk:	Mr. Sulu, go to pass two.
Sulu:	Aye aye, sir, going to pass two.


Money cannot buy love, nor even friendship.


	Risch's decision procedure for integration, not surprisingly,
uses a recursion on the number and type of the extensions from the
rational functions needed to represent the integrand.  Although the
algorithm follows and critically depends upon the appropriate structure
of the input, as in the case of multivariate factorization, we cannot
claim that the algorithm is a natural one.  In fact, the creator of
differential algebra, Ritt, committed suicide in the early 1950's,
largely, it is claimed, because few paid attention to his work.  Probably
he would have received more attention had he obtained the algorithm as
well.
		-- Joel Moses, "Algorithms and Complexity", ed. J. F. Traub


	The FIELD GUIDE to NORTH AMERICAN MALES

SPECIES:	Cranial Males
SUBSPECIES:	The Hacker (homo computatis)
Courtship & Mating:
	Due to extreme deprivation, HOMO COMPUTATIS maintains a near perpetual
	state of sexual readiness.  Courtship behavior alternates between
	awkward shyness and abrupt advances.  When he finally mates, he
	chooses a female engineer with an unblinking stare, a tight mouth, and
	a complete collection of Campbell's soup-can recipes.
Track:
	Trash cans full of pale green and white perforated paper and old
	copies of the Allen-Bradley catalog.
Comments:
	Extremely fond of bad puns and jokes that need long explanations.


User friendly software searching for friendly Hardware to interface with.
Hardware may present itself in floppy format as software has capability to
upgrading same to full size firm.  Size is not all that important; but byte
sized bandwidth required -- header width is of more concern.  Joystick should
be able to toggle in different speeds and for some duration.  Software is
looking for system willing to perform intensive manipulation of keyboard as
well as preparing the mainframe and disk drives.  Fingering of all files
permitted, and encouraged, before thrusting joystick into drive.  Software
is programmed not to copy; there is no need for removing joystick before
completed execution of program.  Program may be run several times per day...
especially if special features and options are utilized.


A nuclear family is out golfing one day, when it becomes clear that Dad isn't
going to win any trophies, at least on this course.  On the 3rd hole, after
two miserable bogies, he misses a two foot putt and exclaims, "Shit!"
	His wife glances over at their sixteen year old daughter and says
nothing.
	On the fourth hole Dad tees off with an incredible hook, and, after
the inevitable exclamation, his wife reproves him with "Honey!"
	This continues on, with his golfing getting worse and his wife getting
more and more upset about his language.  Finally, on the 17th hole, he again
misses a very easy putt.  Flinging his club down, he curses the hole, the
club, and the sunset, using the word "fuck" for the first time.  His wife
whirls around and cries, "Honey!  Our daughter is standing right next to you!"
	Feeling remorseful, but somewhat defensive, he turns to the
daughter and says, "Well, Cindy, you've heard that word before, haven't
you?"
	"Yes," the daughter replies, "but never in anger."


It follows that any commander in chief who undertakes to carry out a plan
which he considers defective is at fault; he must put forth his reasons,
insist of the plan being changed, and finally tender his resignation rather
than be the instrument of his army's downfall.
		-- Napoleon, "Military Maxims and Thought"


Failed Attempts To Break Records
	In September 1978 Mr. Terry Gripton, of Stafford, failed to break
the world shouting record by two and a half decibels.  "I am not surprised
he failed," his wife said afterwards.  "He's really a very quiet man and
doesn't even shout at me."
	In August of the same year Mr. Paul Anthony failed to break the
record for continuous organ playing by 387 hours.
	His attempt at the Golden Fish Fry Restaurant in Manchester ended
after 36 hours 10 minutes, when he was accused of disturbing the peace.
"People complained I was too noisy," he said.
	In January 1976 Mr. Barry McQueen failed to walk backwards across
the Menai Bridge playing the bagpipes.  "It was raining heavily and my
drone got waterlogged," he said.
	A TV cameraman thwarted Mr. Bob Specas' attempt to topple 100,000
dominoes at the Manhattan Center, New York on 9 June 1978.  97,500 dominoes
had been set up when he dropped his press badge and set them off.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


When in charge ponder,
When in doubt mumble,
When in trouble delegate.


QOTD:
	"I don't give a flying fuck at a rolling doughnut."


I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person.


Jesus was killed by a Moral Majority.


Duckies are fun!


Rule of Feline Frustration:
	When your cat has fallen asleep on your lap and looks utterly
	content and adorable, you will suddenly have to go to the
	bathroom.


Necrophilia, n.:
	Dropping in for a cold one.


Telepression, n.:
	The deep-seated guilt which stems from knowing that you did not
	try hard enough to look up the number on your own and instead
	put the burden on the directory assistant.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


We are each entitled to our own opinion, but no one is entitled to his
own facts.
		-- Patrick Moynihan


An atom-blaster is a good weapon, but it can point both ways.
		-- Isaac Asimov


Novinson's Revolutionary Discovery:

	When comes the revolution, things will be different --
	not better, just different.


Little Johnny with a grin,
Drank up all of daddy's gin,
Mother said, when he was plastered,
Go to bed, you little love-child.


Life is one long struggle in the dark.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


An optimist is a guy that has never had much experience.
		-- Don Marquis


NOTICE:
	Anyone seen smoking will be assumed to be on fire and will
	be summarily put out.


	Two longtime friends sipped Scotch in a local bar and talked about
their troubles.  "And on top of everything else," said the first, "my wife
has cut me down to just once a week."
	"That's too bad," agreed his friend, "but it could be worse.  I know
two guys she's cut off altogether.


The nipples of Sarah Sarong
When excited are twelve inches long
	This embarrassed her lover
	Who was pained to discover
She expected no less of his dong


A woman of generous character will sacrifice her life a thousand times
over for her lover, but will break with him for ever over a question of
pride -- for the opening or the shutting of a door.
		-- Stendhal


An excellence-oriented '80s male does not wear a regular watch.  He wears
a Rolex watch, because it weighs nearly six pounds and is advertised
only in excellence-oriented publications such as Fortune and Rich
Protestant Golfer Magazine.  The advertisements are written in
incomplete sentences, which is how advertising copywriters denote
excellence:

"The Rolex Hyperion.  An elegant new standard in quality excellence and
discriminating handcraftsmanship.  For the individual who is truly able
to discriminate with regard to excellent quality standards of crafting
things by hand.  Fabricated of 100 percent 24-karat gold.  No watch
parts or anything.  Just a great big chunk on your wrist.  Truly a
timeless statement.  For the individual who is very secure.  Who
doesn't need to be reminded all the time that he is very successful.
Much more successful than the people who laughed at him in high
school.  Because of his acne.  People who are probably nowhere near as
successful as he is now.  Maybe he'll go to his 20th reunion, and
they'll see his Rolex Hyperion.  Hahahahahahahahaha."
		-- Dave Barry, "In Search of Excellence"


Time is an illusion, lunchtime doubly so.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Ernest asks Frank how long he has been working for the company.
	"Ever since they threatened to fire me."


Q:	Why did the tachyon cross the road?
A:	Because it was on the other side.


Fat Liberation: because a waist is a terrible thing to mind.


Fortune understands that the vote on a bill to legalize bisexuality
could go either way.


UFO's are for real: the Air Force doesn't exist.


My folks didn't come over on the Mayflower,
but they were there to meet the boat.


#define BITCOUNT(x)	(((BX_(x)+(BX_(x)>>4)) & 0x0F0F0F0F) % 255)
#define BX_(x)		((x) - (((x)>>1)&0x77777777)			\
			     - (((x)>>2)&0x33333333)			\
			     - (((x)>>3)&0x11111111))

		-- really weird C code to count the number of bits in a word


The first half of our lives is ruined by our parents,
and the second half by our children.
		-- Clarence Darrow


Isn't it conceivable to you that an intelligent
person could harbor two opposing ideas in his mind?
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson, to reporters


Said a modest young miss to de Sade,
I'm simply too shy and afraid
	To take part in your pranks.
	But to show you my thanks,
I'd just love to become your first aide.


The best way to make a fire with two sticks is to make sure one of them
is a match.
		-- Will Rogers


	"Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it,
and finds himself no wiser than before," Bokonon tells us.  "He is full
of murderous resentment of people who are ignorant without having come
by their ignorance the hard way."
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., "Cat's Cradle"


The IRS spends God knows how much of your tax money on these toll-free
information hot lines staffed by IRS employees, whose idea of a
dynamite tax tip is that you should print neatly.  If you ask them a
real tax question, such as how you can cheat, they're useless.

So, for guidance, you want to look to big business.  Big business never
pays a nickel in taxes, according to Ralph Nader, who represents a big
consumer organization that never pays a nickel in taxes...
		-- Dave Barry, "Sweating Out Taxes"


The only way to behave to a woman is to make love to
her if she is pretty and to someone else if she is plain.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Have you ever really thought about there being a simple solution to
America's problems?  Why, we could solve all of our raw materials
difficulties, foreign complications etc. over a long weekend.  If we
got up early, early mind you, on Saturday, we could take over Mexico
by 10:00.  Panama and most of South America would be a bit more difficult,
but I believe we could do it by 6 or 7 that evening.  Turning our
attention northward, Canada would require most of Sunday morning.
General mopping up and execution of the civilian populations would take
up Sunday afternoon.  I just don't understand why Washington hasn't
thought of this...


Nothing succeeds like success.
		-- Alexandre Dumas


Between the idea
And the reality
Between the motion
And the act
Falls the Shadow
		-- T. S. Eliot, "The Hollow Man"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to system service dispatching.]


Q:	Why are Unix emulators like your right hand?
A:	They're just pussy substitutes!


The weather is here, I wish you were beautiful.
My thoughts aren't too clear, but don't run away.
My girlfriend's a bore; my job is too dutiful.
Hell nobody's perfect, would you like to play?
I feel together today!
		-- Jimmy Buffet, "Coconut Telegraph"


According to the latest official figures,
43% of all statistics are totally worthless.


Life exists for no known purpose.


Join in the new game that's sweeping the country.  It's called "Bureaucracy".
Everybody stands in a circle.  The first person to do anything loses.


In success there's a tendency to keep on doing what you were doing.
		-- Alan Kay


No job too big; no fee too big!
		-- Dr. Peter Venkman, "Ghostbusters"


The other day I... uh, no, that wasn't me.
		-- Steven Wright


Coach: Can I draw you a beer, Norm?
Norm:  No, I know what they look like.  Just pour me one.
		-- Cheers, No Help Wanted

Coach: How about a beer, Norm?
Norm:  Hey I'm high on life, Coach.  Of course, beer is my life.
		-- Cheers, No Help Wanted

Coach: How's a beer sound, Norm?
Norm:  I dunno.  I usually finish them before they get a word in.
		-- Cheers, Fortune and Men's Weights


Breast Feeding should not be attempted by fathers with hairy chests,
since they can make the baby sneeze and give it wind.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Modesty: the gentle art of enhancing your charm by pretending
	not to be aware of it.
		-- Oliver Herford


Thinks't thou existence doth depend on time?
It doth; but actions are our epochs; mine
Have made my days and nights imperishable,
Endless, and all alike, as sands on the shore,
Innumerable atoms; and one desert,
Barren and cold, on which the wild waves break,
But nothing rests, save carcasses and wrecks,
Rocks, and the salt-surf weeds of bitterness.


Moon, n.:
	1. A celestial object whose phase is very important to
hackers.  See PHASE OF THE MOON.  2. Dave Moon (MOON@MC).


The, uh, snowy mountains are like really cold, eh?
And the, um, plains stretch out like my moms girdle, eh?
There's lotsa beers and doughnuts for everyone, eh?
So the last one to be peaceful and everything is a big idiot,
Eh?
So shut yer face up and dry yer mukluks by the fire, eh?
And dream about girls with their high beams on, eh?
They may be cold, but that's okay!  Beer's better that way!
Eh?
		-- A, like, Tribute to the Great White North, eh?
Beauty!


James Joyce -- an essentially private man who wished his total
indifference to public notice to be universally recognized.
		-- Tom Stoppard


He jests at scars who never felt a wound.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet, II. 2"


Morris had been down on his luck for months, and, though not a devoutly
religious man, had begun to visit the local synagogue to ask God's help.
One week, out of desperation, he prayed, "God, I've been a good and decent
man all my life.  Would it be so terrible if You let me win the lottery
just once?"
	The despondent fellow returned week after week.  One day, Morris,
nearly hopeless now, prayed, "God, I've never asked You for anything before.
I just want to win one little lottery."
	"As he dejectedly rose to leave, God's voice boomed, "Morris, at
least meet Me halfway on this.  Buy a ticket!"


	A German, a Pole and a Czech left camp for a hike through the woods.
After being reported missing a day or two later, rangers found two bears,
one a male, one a female, looking suspiciously overstuffed.  They killed
the female, autopsied her, and sure enough, found the German and the Pole.
	"What do you think?" said the first ranger.
	"The Czech is in the male," replied the second.


	"Sir", said the beggar, "can you spare fifty dollars for a cup of
coffee?"
	"Fifty dollars for a cup of coffee, one should be sufficient!",
answered the gentleman, rather shortly.
	"I know", replied the beggar, "but coffee always makes me horny."


Men often believe -- or pretend -- that the "Law" is something sacred, or
at least a science -- an unfounded assumption very convenient to governments.


"Our attitude with TCP/IP is, `Hey, we'll do it, but don't make a big
system, because we can't fix it if it breaks -- nobody can.'"

"TCP/IP is OK if you've got a little informal club, and it doesn't make
any difference if it takes a while to fix it."
		-- Ken Olsen, in Digital News, 1988


God said it, I believe it and that's all there is to it.


A billion seconds ago Harry Truman was president.
A billion minutes ago was just after the time of Christ.
A billion hours ago man had not yet walked on earth.
A billion dollars ago was late yesterday afternoon at the U.S. Treasury.


I don't have any solution but I certainly admire the problem.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


HENPECKED HUSBAND:
	One who's afraid to tell his pregnant wife that he's sterile.


The eagle may soar, but the weasel never gets sucked into a jet engine.


	      1/3
	 /\(3)
	 |     2			  1/3
	 |    z dz cos(3 * PI / 9) = ln (e   )
	 |
	\/ 1

The integral of z squared, dz
From 1 to the cube root of 3
	Times the cosine
	Of 3 PI over nine
Is the log of the cube root of e


QOTD:
	"Sex is the most fun you can have without laughing."


Declared guilty... of displaying feelings of an almost human nature.
		-- Pink Floyd, "The Wall"


I'm not stupid, I'm not expendable, and I'M NOT GOING!


You never gain something but that you lose something.
		-- Thoreau


	A lawyer named Strange was shopping for a tombstone.  After he had
made his selection, the stonecutter asked him what inscription he
would like on it.  "Here lies an honest man and a lawyer," responded the
lawyer.
	"Sorry, but I can't do that," replied the stonecutter.  "In this
state, it's against the law to bury two people in the same grave.  However,
I could put `here lies an honest lawyer', if that would be okay."
	"But that won't let people know who it is" protested the lawyer.
	"Certainly will," retorted the stonecutter.  "people will read it
and exclaim, "That's Strange!"


If you are good, you will be assigned all the work.  If you are real
good, you will get out of it.


Whatever the missing mass of the universe is, I hope it's not
cockroaches!
		-- Mom


Don't buy a landslide.  I don't want to have to pay for one more vote
than I have to.
		-- Joseph P. Kennedy, on JFK's election strategy


I only touch base with reality on an as-needed basis!
		-- Royal Floyd Mengot (Klaus)


I haven't lost my mind; I know exactly where I left it.


You can rent this space for only $5 a week.


At last, the first Soviet, artificially intelligent computer had been produced.
The engineers did not get it, nor the physicists.  First things first: it went
to the institute of Marxism-Leninism.

"IS IT POSSIBLE TO BUILD SOCIALISM IN SWITZERLAND?" typed in one of the
	theologians.
"YES," replied the computer.  "BUT IT WOULD BE SUCH A PITY TO DESTROY
	SUCH A BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY."


QOTD:
	"If I'm what I eat, I'm a chocolate chip cookie."


	"Then you admit confirming not denying you ever said that?"
	"NO! ... I mean Yes!  WHAT?"
	"I'll put `maybe.'"
		-- Bloom County


The final delusion is the belief that one has lost all delusions.
		-- Maurice Chapelain, "Main courante"


A scientific truth does not triumph by convincing its opponents and
making them see the light, but rather because its opponents eventually
die and a new generation grows up that is familiar with it.
		-- Max Planck


Only way to open lips of pigeon, sledgehammer.


What is tolerance? -- it is the consequence of humanity.  We are all formed
of frailty and error; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly -- that
is the first law of nature.
		-- Voltaire


For I swore I would stay a year away from her; out and alas!
but with break of day I went to make supplication.
		-- Paulus Silentarius, c. 540 A.D.


No self-made man ever did such a good job
that some woman didn't want to make some alterations.
		-- Kin Hubbard


You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on.
		-- Dean Martin


America ... just a nation of two hundred million used car salesman
with all the money we need to buy guns and no qualms about killing
anybody else in the world who tries to make us uncomfortable.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing:
		   On the Campaign Trail"


Fanaticism consists of redoubling your effort when you have
forgotten your aim.
		-- George Santayana


Good day to avoid cops.  Crawl to work.


LEARNING CURVE:
	An astonishing new theory, discovered by management consultants
	in the 1970's, asserting that the more you do something the
	quicker you can do it.


It's hard to keep your shirt on when
you're getting something off your chest.


Variables don't; constants aren't.


My advice to you, my violent friend, is to seek out gold and sit on it.
		-- The Dragon to Grendel, in John Gardner's "Grendel"


LISP:
	To call a spade a thpade.


You'll never see all the places, or read all the
books, but fortunately, they're not all recommended.


All the taxes paid over a lifetime by the average American are spent by
the government in less than a second.
		-- Jim Fiebig


Spouse, n.:
	Someone who'll stand by you through all the trouble you
	wouldn't have had if you'd stayed single.


The Enterprise girls, so one hears,
Have chased Spock for several years.
	His look of disdain
	Has spared them great pain,
For his prick is as sharp as his ears.


There is nothing wrong with writing ... as long as it
is done in private and you wash your hands afterward.


The final screw holding up a rackmount server is always possessed by demons.


No one should have to wait until after ten o'clock for his english muffin!
		-- Snoopy


Love -- the last of the serious diseases of childhood.


Save a little money each month and at the end of the year you'll be
surprised at how little you have.
		-- Ernest Haskins


You will remember something that you should not have forgotten.


O'Brian's Law:
	Everything is always done for the wrong reasons.


Dear Emily:
	I'm still confused as to what groups articles should be posted
to.  How about an example?
		-- Still Confused

Dear Still:
	Ok.  Let's say you want to report that Gretzky has been traded from
the Oilers to the Kings.  Now right away you might think rec.sport.hockey
would be enough.  WRONG.  Many more people might be interested.  This is a
big trade!  Since it's a NEWS article, it belongs in the news.* hierarchy
as well.  If you are a news admin, or there is one on your machine, try
news.admin.  If not, use news.misc.
	The Oilers are probably interested in geology, so try sci.physics.
He is a big star, so post to sci.astro, and sci.space because they are also
interested in stars.  Next, his name is Polish sounding.  So post to
soc.culture.polish.  But that group doesn't exist, so cross-post to
news.groups suggesting it should be created.  With this many groups of
interest, your article will be quite bizarre, so post to talk.bizarre as
well.  (And post to comp.std.mumps, since they hardly get any articles
there, and a "comp" group will propagate your article further.)
	You may also find it is more fun to post the article once in each
group.  If you list all the newsgroups in the same article, some newsreaders
will only show the article to the reader once!  Don't tolerate this.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette


My experience with government is when things are non-controversial,
beautifully co-ordinated and all the rest, it must be that not much
is going on.
		-- John F. Kennedy


I am, in point of fact, a particularly haughty and exclusive person,
of pre-Adamite ancestral descent.  You will understand this when I tell
you that I can trace my ancestry back to a protoplasmal primordial
atomic globule.  Consequently, my family pride is something
inconceivable.  I can't help it.  I was born sneering.
		-- Pooh-Bah, "The Mikado", Gilbert & Sullivan


Marriage is not merely sharing the fettuccine, but sharing the
burden of finding the fettuccine restaurant in the first place.
		-- Calvin Trillin


Hackers do it with fewer instructions.


There is always more hell that needs raising.
		-- Lauren Leveut


Remember when you were a kid and the boys didn't like the girls?  Only
sissies liked girls?  What I'm trying to tell you is that nothing's
changed.  You think boys grow out of not liking girls, but we don't
grow out of it.  We just grow horny.  That's the problem.  We mix up
liking pussy for liking girls.  Believe me, one couldn't have less to
do with the other.
		-- Jules Feiffer


Q:	What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish wake?
A:	One more drunk.


What a bonanza!  An unknown beginner to be directed by Lubitsch, in a script
by Wilder and Brackett, and to play with Paramount's two superstars, Gary
Cooper and Claudette Colbert, and to be beaten up by both of them!
		-- David Niven, "Bring On the Empty Horses"


They're only trying to make me LOOK paranoid!


