	There once was a master programmer who wrote unstructured programs.
A novice programmer, seeking to imitate him, also began to write unstructured
programs.  When the novice asked the master to evaluate his progress, the
master criticized him for writing unstructured programs, saying: "What is
appropriate for the master is not appropriate for the novice.  You must
understand the Tao before transcending structure."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


	"For I perceive that behind this seemingly unrelated sequence
of events, there lurks a singular, sinister attitude of mind."

	"Whose?"

	"MINE! HA-HA!"


I don't love you, asshole, I love your daughter.
		-- The Undergraduate


I like being single.  I'm always there when I need me.
		-- Art Leo


Cried Miss Pratt: "What are you staring at?
I know - you don't have to say that!
	All you guys want of me
	Is a poke where I pee,
And it's pounding my ass mighty flat!"


The sounds of the nouns are mostly unbound.
In town a noun might wear a gown,
or further down, might dress a clown.
A noun that's sound would never clown,
but unsound nouns jump up and down.
The sound of a noun could disturb the plowing,
and then, my dear, you'd be put in the pound.
But please don't let that get you down,
the renown of your gown is the talk of the town.
		-- A. Nonnie Mouse


There is no hunting like the hunting of man, and those who have hunted
armed men long enough and liked it, never care for anything else thereafter.
		-- Ernest Hemingway


Q:	What's tan and black and looks great on a lawyer?
A:	A Doberman.


After all, what is your hosts' purpose in having a party?  Surely not for
you to enjoy yourself; if that were their sole purpose, they'd have simply
sent champagne and women over to your place by taxi.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


Kill your parents.
		-- Jerry Rubin


Be nice to people on the way up, because you'll meet them on your way down.
		-- Wilson Mizner


The greatest productive force is human selfishness.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


I was on vacation in Greece last summer, and was being driven round an island
by a Greek cab-driver.  He was a friendly man, and as we drove, he told me
about various historic and scenic places he had been involved with.
	"See the entrance to that church over there?  I built that with my
two sons.  But do they call me `Dimitri the church builder?'  Do they hell!"
	As we passed a dam, he said, "See that dam?  Four of us built that
dam by ourselves!  But do they call me `Dimitri the dam builder?'  Hell, no!"
	As we passed a beautiful cottage, Dimitri started up again -- "See
that house?  I built that for my wife with my own two hands!  But do they
call me `Dimitri the home builder?'  No!  But just one little sheep!"


This file will self-destruct in five minutes.


It is possible by ingenuity and at the expense of clarity... {to do almost
anything in any language}.  However, the fact that it is possible to push
a pea up a mountain with your nose does not mean that this is a sensible
way of getting it there.  Each of these techniques of language extension
should be used in its proper place.
		-- Christopher Strachey


A famous Lisp Hacker noticed an Undergraduate sitting in front of a Xerox
1108, trying to edit a complex Klone network via a browser.  Wanting to help,
the Hacker clicked one of the nodes in the network with the mouse, and asked
"what do you see?"  Very earnestly, the Undergraduate replied, "I see a
cursor."  The Hacker then quickly pressed the boot toggle at the back of
the keyboard, while simultaneously hitting the Undergraduate over the head
with a thick Interlisp Manual.  The Undergraduate was then Enlightened.


-- Scintillate, scintillate, asteroid minikin.
-- Members of an avian species of identical plumage congregate.
-- Surveillance should precede saltation.
-- Pulchritude possesses solely cutaneous profundity.
-- It is fruitless to become lachrymose over precipitately departed
	lacteal fluid.
-- Freedom from incrustations of grime is contiguous to rectitude.
-- It is fruitless to attempt to indoctrinate a superannuated
	canine with innovative maneuvers.
-- Eschew the implement of correction and vitiate the scion.
-- The temperature of the aqueous content of an unremittingly
	galled saucepan does not reach 212 degrees Fahrenheit.


Do you guys know what you're doing, or are you just hacking?


Don't steal; thou'lt never thus compete successfully in business.
Cheat.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


Let's love each other slowly,
reaching for a plane,
of exquisite pleasure,
and delicate pain.
		-- Adam Beslove


Arthur's Laws of Love:
	(1) People to whom you are attracted invariably think you
	    remind them of someone else.
	(2) The love letter you finally got the courage to send will
	    be delayed in the mail long enough for you to make a fool
	    of yourself in person.


When I heated my home with oil, I used an average of 800 gallons a
year.  I have found that I can keep comfortably warm for an entire
winter with slightly over half that quantity of beer.
		-- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"


There are more dead people than living, and their numbers are increasing.
		-- Eugene Ionesco


Life does not begin at the moment of conception or the moment of birth.
It begins when the kids leave home and the dog dies.


Magary's Principle:
	When there is a public outcry to cut deadwood and fat from any
	government bureaucracy, it is the deadwood and the fat that do
	the cutting, and the public's services are cut.


The algorithm to do that is extremely nasty.  You might want to mug
someone with it.
		-- M. Devine, Computer Science 340


I will never lie to you.


The human brain is a wonderful thing.  It starts working the moment
you are born, and never stops until you stand up to speak in public.
		-- Sir George Jessel


Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler.
		-- Albert Einstein


He who laughs last is probably your boss.


Norm:	Hey, everybody.
All:	[silence; everybody is mad at Norm for being rich.]
Norm:	[Carries on both sides of the conversation himself.]
	Norm!   (Norman.)
	How are you feeling today, Norm?
	Rich and thirsty.  Pour me a beer.
		-- Cheers, Tan 'n Wash

Woody:	What's the latest, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:	Zsa-Zsa marries a millionaire, Peterson drinks a beer.
	Film at eleven.
		-- Cheers, Knights of the Scimitar

Woody: How are you today, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Never been better, Woody. ... Just once I'd like to be better.
		-- Cheers, Chambers vs. Malone


Two cars in every pot and a chicken in every garage.


This is for all ill-treated fellows
	Unborn and unbegot,
For them to read when they're in trouble
	And I am not.
		-- A. E. Housman


There is no substitute for good manners, except, perhaps, fast reflexes.


Alex came home from a business trip to Chicago and found no one home but his
daughter Rose, who was crying bitterly.
	"What's the matter, darling?" asked Alex.
	"Mommy almost died last night," sobbed Rose.
	"That's nonsense," said the father.  "Why do you say that?"
	"Well," said Rose,"you always told us that when we die we'll see God;
so when I heard Mommy moaning last night I rushed to her bedroom and she was
screaming, "Oh God, here I come," and she would have but Uncle Jerry held her
down."


Please, won't somebody tell me what diddie-wa-diddie means?


QOTD:
	"Of course it's the murder weapon.  Who would frame someone with
	a fake?"


An interpretation I satisfies a sentence in the table language if and only if
each entry in the table designates the value of the function designated by the
function constant in the upper-left corner applied to the objects designated
by the corresponding row and column labels.
		-- Genesereth & Nilsson,
		   "Logical foundations of Artificial Intelligence"


So I'm ugly.  So what?  I never saw anyone hit with his face.
		-- Yogi Berra


I don't want a pickle,
I just wanna ride on my motorcycle.
And I don't want to die,
I just want to ride on my motorcycle.
		-- Arlo Guthrie


A rose is a rose is a rose.  Just ask Jean Marsh, known to millions of
PBS viewers in the '70s as Rose, the maid on the BBC export "Upstairs,
Downstairs."  Though Marsh has since gone on to other projects, ... it's
with Rose she's forever identified.  So much so that she even likes to
joke about having one named after her, a distinction not without its
drawbacks.  "I was very flattered when I heard about it, but when I looked
up the official description, it said, `Jean Marsh: pale peach, not very
good in beds; better up against a wall.'  I want to tell you that's not
true.  I'm very good in beds as well."


You will remember, Watson, how the dreadful business of the Abernetty family
was first brought to my notice by the depth which the parsley had sunk into
the butter upon a hot day.
		-- Sherlock Holmes


When I was a kid I said to my father one afternoon, "Daddy, will you
take me to the zoo?" He answered, "If the zoo wants you let them come
and get you."
		-- Jerry Lewis


One of your most ancient writers, a historian named Herodotus, tells of a
thief who was to be executed.  As he was taken away he made a bargain with
the king: in one year he would teach the king's favorite horse to sing
hymns.  The other prisoners watched the thief singing to the horse and
laughed.  "You will not succeed," they told him.  "No one can."
	To which the thief replied, "I have a year, and who knows what might
happen in that time.  The king might die.  The horse might die.  I might die.
And perhaps the horse will learn to sing.
		-- "The Mote in God's Eye", Niven and Pournelle


Q:	How do you make a dead baby float?
A:	With 2 scoops of dead baby and some rootbeer.


Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set:

PI	Punch Invalid
POPI	Punch Operator Immediately
PVLC	Punch Variable Length Card
RASC	Read And Shred Card
RPM	Read Programmers Mind
RSSC	Reduce Speed, Step Carefully (for improved accuracy)
RTAB	Rewind Tape and Break
RWDSK	Rewind Disk
RWOC	Read Writing On Card
SCRBL	Scribble to disk - faster than a write
SLC	Search for Lost Chord
SPSW	Scramble Program Status Word
SRSD	Seek Record and Scar Disk
STROM	Store in Read Only Memory
TDB	Transfer and Drop Bit
WBT	Water Binary Tree


...that the notions of "hardware", and "software" should be extended by
the notion of LIVEWARE - being that which produces software for use on
hardware.  This produces an obvious extension to the concept of MONITORS.
A liveware monitor is a person dedicated to the task of ensuring that the
liveware does not interfere with the real-time processes, invoking the
REAL-TIME EXECUTIONER to delete liveware that adversely affects ...
		-- Linden and Wihelminalaan


If your parents don't have kids, neither will you.


Tussman's Law:
	Nothing is as inevitable as a mistake whose time has come.


Never try to outstubborn a cat.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"


The disks are getting full; purge a file today.


To a Real Woman, every ejaculation is premature.


If you stick your head in the sand,
one thing is for sure, you're gonna get your rear kicked.


Premenstrual Syndrome:
	Just before their periods women behave the way men do all the time.


If opportunity came disguised as temptation, one knock would be enough.


The seven eyes of Ningauble the Wizard floated back to his hood as he
reported to Fafhrd: "I have seen much, yet cannot explain all.  The Gray
Mouser is exactly twenty-five feet below the deepest cellar in the palace
of Gilpkerio Kistomerces.  Even though twenty-four parts in twenty-five of
him are dead, he is alive.
	Now about Lankhmar.  She's been invaded, her walls breached
everywhere and desperate fighting is going on in the streets, by a fierce
host which out-numbers Lankhamar's inhabitants by fifty to one -- and
equipped with all modern weapons.  Yet you can save the city."
	"How?" demanded Fafhrd.
	Ningauble shrugged.  "You're a hero.  You should know."
		-- Fritz Leiber, "The Swords of Lankhmar"


The problem with most conspiracy theories is that they seem to believe that
for a group of people to behave in a way detrimental to the common good
requires intent.


Zippity doo dah, zippity ay,
I just gave my sister's cherry away!
To a couple of truckers from Erie P.A.,
Zippity doo dah, zippity ay.
		-- John Valby


Earth is a beta site.


Reliable source, n.:
	The guy you just met.


Talking much about oneself can also be a means to conceal oneself.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


In a recent survey on why some men are homosexual, 82 percent of the gay
chaps responding said that either genetics or home environment was the
principal factor.  The remaining 18 percent revealed that they had been
sucked into it.


... Another writer again agreed with all my generalities, but said that as an
inveterate skeptic I have closed my mind to the truth.  Most notably I have
ignored the evidence for an Earth that is six thousand years old.  Well, I
haven't ignored it; I considered the purported evidence and *then* rejected
it.  There is a difference, and this is a difference, we might say, between
prejudice and postjudice.  Prejudice is making a judgment before you have
looked at the facts.  Postjudice is making a judgment afterwards.  Prejudice
is terrible, in the sense that you commit injustices and you make serious
mistakes.  Postjudice is not terrible.  You can't be perfect of course; you
may make mistakes also.  But it is permissible to make a judgment after you
have examined the evidence.  In some circles it is even encouraged.
		-- Carl Sagan, "The Burden of Skepticism"


There are two times when a man doesn't understand a woman -- before
marriage and after marriage.


All I've got left on the list of desirable vocations is heiress to the
throne of any country in Western Europe and Laurie Anderson.  "Be
practical", was the choral reply from the dinner table.  Well, Laurie
Anderson is already Laurie Anderson, but I read an article in Harpers
that said there were eleven countries, in the world this is I think,
that have queens as sovereign rulers.  That's probably my best shot.


13. ...  r-q1


If you do not wish a man to do a thing, you had better get him to talk about
it; for the more men talk, the more likely they are to do nothing else.
		-- Carlyle


Good night to spend with family, but avoid arguments with your mate's
new lover.


Insanity is the final defense.  It's hard to get a refund when
the salesman is sniffing your crotch and baying at the moon.


The only way you'll ever hear from
me is if you're living in the same hell.
		-- Roy Harper


I've never had a problem with drugs; I've had problems with the police.
		-- Keith Richards

I never turn blue in anyone's bathroom.  I think that's the height of
bad taste.
		-- Keith Richards


A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
		-- Patton


The one L lama, he's a priest
The two L llama, he's a beast
And I will bet my silk pyjama
There isn't any three L lllama.
		-- Ogden Nash, to which a fire chief replied that occasionally
		his department responded to something like a "three L lllama."


Speaking of purchasing a dog, never buy a watchdog that's
on sale.  After all, everyone knows a bargain dog never bites!


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(19) Regardless of the pain in our memories, nostalgia only reminds us
     of the good times in our past.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


On Monday mornings I am dedicated to the
proposition that all men are created jerks.
		-- H. Allen Smith, "Let the Crabgrass Grow"


We all live under the same sky, but we don't all have the same horizon.
		-- Dr. Konrad Adenauer


Reisner's Rule of Conceptual Inertia:
	If you think big enough, you'll never have to do it.


First law of debate:
	Never argue with a fool.  People might not know the difference.


Usually, when a lot of men get together, it's called a war.
		-- Mel Brooks, "The Listener"


FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #8

	Don't wear your high heels while making love on the pool table.


This Fortue Examined By INSPECTOR NO. 2-14


Scientists are people who build the Brooklyn Bridge and then buy it.
		-- William F. Buckley



Please stand for the National Anthem:

	Oh, say can you see by dawn's early light
	What so proudly we hailed at the twilight's last gleaming?
	Whose broad stripes and bright stars through the perilous fight
	O'er the ramparts we watched were so gallantly streaming?
	And the rockets' red glare, the bombs bursting in air,
	Gave proof through the night that our flag was still there.
	Oh, say does that star-spangled banner yet wave
	O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave?

Thank you.  You may resume your seat.


You have a will that can be influenced
by all with whom you come in contact.


Flee at once, all is discovered.


Live within your income, even if you have to borrow to do so.
		-- Josh Billings


A Code of Honour: never approach a friend's girlfriend or wife with mischief
as your goal.  There are too many women in the world to justify that sort of
dishonourable behaviour.  Unless she's really attractive.
		-- Bruce J. Friedman, "Sex and the Lonely Guy"


It seems that more and more mathematicians are using a new, high level
language named "research student".


Necessity has no law.
		-- St. Augustine


	A grade school teacher was asking students what their parents did
for a living.  "Tim, you be first," she said.  "What does your mother do
all day?"
	Tim stood up and proudly said, "She's a doctor."
	"That's wonderful.  How about you, Amie?"
	Amie shyly stood up, scuffed her feet and said, "My father is a
mailman."
	"Thank you, Amie," said the teacher.  "What about your father, Billy?"
	Billy proudly stood up and announced, "My daddy plays piano in a
whorehouse."
	The teacher was aghast and promptly changed the subject to geography.
Later that day she went to Billy's house and rang the bell.  Billy's father
answered the door.  The teacher explained what his son had said and demanded
an explanation.
	Billy's father replied, "Well, I'm really an attorney.  But how do
you explain a thing like that to a seven-year-old child?"


He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes.


Behind every great computer sits a skinny little geek.


Every man who has reached even his intellectual teens begins to suspect
that life is no farce; that it is not genteel comedy even; that it flowers
and fructifies on the contrary out of the profoundest tragic depths of the
essential death in which its subject's roots are plunged.  The natural
inheritance of everyone who is capable of spiritual life is an unsubdued
forest where the wolf howls and the obscene bird of night chatters.
		-- Henry James Sr., writing to his sons Henry and William


Give me a fish and I will eat today.
Teach me to fish and I will eat forever.


Some people claim that the UNIX learning curve is steep,
but at least you only have to climb it once.


Science Fiction, Double Feature.
Frank has built and lost his creature.
Darkness has conquered Brad and Janet.
The servants gone to a distant planet.
Wo, oh, oh, oh.
At the late night, double feature, Picture show.
I want to go, oh, oh, oh.
To the late night, double feature, Picture show.
		-- Rocky Horror Picture Show


I see a bad moon rising.
I see trouble on the way.
I see earthquakes and lightnin'
I see bad times today.
Don't go 'round tonight,
It's bound to take your life.
There's a bad moon on the rise.
		-- J. C. Fogerty, "Bad Moon Rising"


Know what I hate most?  Rhetorical questions.
		-- Henry N. Camp


A decade after Vietnam, we still cannot understand why "their"
Salvadorans fight better than "our" Salvadorans.  It is not a matter of
their training or their equipment.  It has to do with the quality of the
society we are asking them to risk death defending.  The metaphor of the
domino obscures this reality, and the cost our self-imposed blindness
is high.  San Salvador is closer to Saigon than to Munich.
		-- William LeoGrande, "New York Times", 3/9/83


The Great Movie Posters:

A mis-spawned murderous abomination from the nether reaches of an
unimaginable hell.
		-- The Killer of Castle Brood (1967)

NEW -- SICKENING HORROR to make your STOMACH TURN and FLESH CRAWL!
		-- Frankenstein's Bloody Terror (1968)

LUST-MAD MEN AND LAWLESS WOMEN IN A VICIOUS AND SENSUOUS ORGY OF
SLAUGHTER!
		-- Five Bloody Graves (1969)

The family that slays together stays together.
		-- Bloody Mama (1970)


Put your Nose to the Grindstone!
		-- Amalgamated Plastic Surgeons and Toolmakers, Ltd.


It is only the man whose intellect is clouded by his sexual impulse that
could give the name of the fair sex to that undersized, narrow-shouldered,
broad-hipped, and short-legged race.
		-- Schopenhauer


Each new user of a new system uncovers a new class of bugs.
		-- Kernighan


I suggest a new strategy, R2: let the Wookiee win.
		-- C-3PO


Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance?
		-- Charlie McCarthy


The man who laughs has not yet been told the terrible news.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


LSD melts in your mind, not in your hand.


Chicago, n.:
	Where the dead still vote ... early and often!


History is nothing but a collection of fables and useless trifles,
cluttered up with a mass of unnecessary figures and proper names.
		-- Leo Tolstoy


You know how to win a victory, Hannibal, but not how to use it.
		-- Maharbal


Blessed is he who has reached the point of no return and knows it,
for he shall enjoy living.
		-- W. C. Bennett


It is a hard matter, my fellow citizens,
to argue with the belly, since it has no ears.
		-- Marcus Porcius Cato


Try to value useful qualities in one who loves you.


Man in stall:
	Hey, buddy?  Is there any toilet paper out there?
Man at sink:
	No, I don't see any.  Just a second...  Nope, none in
	any of the other stalls either.
A minute passes.
Man in stall:
	Say, buddy?
Man at sink:
	Yeah?
Man in stall:
	You got change for a ten?


Please try to limit the amount of "this room doesn't have any bazingas"
until you are told that those rooms are "punched out."  Once punched out,
we have a right to complain about atrocities, missing bazingas, and such.
		-- N. Meyrowitz


Blood is thicker than water, and much tastier.


Randel, n.:
	A nonsensical poem recited by Irish schoolboys as an apology
for farting at a friend.
		-- Mrs. Byrne's Dictionary of Unusual, Obscure, and
		   Preposterous Words


Did you hear about...
	the butcher who dropped his cleaver and went home half-cocked?


You shouldn't wallow in self-pity.  But it's OK to put
your feet in it and swish them around a little.
		-- Guindon


The best things in life are for a fee.


Prejudice, n.:
	A vagrant opinion without visible means of support.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Enemy -- SP (Suppressive Person) Order.  Fair Game.  May be deprived of
property or injured by any means by any Scientologist without any discipline
of the Scientologist.  May be tricked, sued or lied to or destroyed.
		-- L. Ron Hubbard, "Fair Game Doctrine"


CHASTITY BELT:
	An anti-trust suit.

	(And an unchivalrous knight is the one that files it.)


Chicagoan:	"So, where're you from?"
Hoosier:	"What's wrong with Indiana?"


I was born in a barrel of butcher knives
Trouble I love and peace I despise
Wild horses kicked me in my side
Then a rattlesnake bit me and he walked off and died.
		-- Bo Diddley


If you make a mistake you right it
immediately to the best of your ability.


Detroit is Cleveland without the glitter.


Absinthe makes the tart grow fonder.


MARTA SAYS THE INTERESTING thing about fly-fishing is that its two lives
connected by a thin strand.

Come on, Marta, grow up.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


You like to form new friendships and make new acquaintances.


Mental power tended to corrupt, and absolute intelligence tended to
corrupt absolutely, until the victim eschewed violence entirely in
favor of smart solutions to stupid problems.
		-- Piers Anthony


	Ever thought of putting a ferret down your pants?  Yes, ferrets,
those weasel-like animals originally trained to hunt rats and possessing
needle sharp claws and razor sharp teeth.  The English do it for sport.
	Ferret Legging involves the tying of a competitor's trousers at
the ankles and then dropping into the trousers a couple of vicious ferrets.
No jockstraps or underwear allowed -- nothing but the bodies' own.  The
ferrets must be young and in good condition.  Neither the ferret or the
contestant may be drugged or drunk -- cold eyed sober only.  The trousers
should be loose fitting, to allow the ferret to scramble from one leg to
the other, and are traditionally white, so that the blood shows better.
	Normal contestants are able to keep them down for up to 40 seconds.
The champion ferret legger, Reg Mellor, of Yorkshire, holds the world record
of 5 hours and 26 minutes.  Mr. Mellor's claims that being the champion is
not so much heroism but, "You just got to be able to have your tool bitten
and not care."


One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters.
		-- George Herbert


...his disciples lead him in; he just does the rest.
		-- Tommy


I played over the music of that scoundrel Brahms.  What a giftless
bastard!  It annoys me that this self-inflated mediocrity is hailed
as a genius.  Why, in comparison with him, Riff is a genius.
		-- Tchaikovsky, October 9, 1886, diary entry


	To lose weight, eat less; to gain weight, eat more; if you merely
wish to maintain, do whatever you were doing.
	The Bronx diet is a legitimate system of food therapy showing that
food SHOULD be used a crutch and which food could be the most effective in
promoting spiritual and emotional satisfaction.  For the first time, an
eater could instantly grasp the connection between relieving depression and
Mallomars, and understand why a lover's quarrel isn't so bad if there's a
pint of ice cream nearby.
		-- Richard Smith, "The Bronx Diet"


A new 'chutist had just jumped from the plane at 10,000 feet, and soon
discovered that all his lines were hopelessly tangled.  At about 5,000 feet,
still struggling, he noticed someone coming up from the ground at about the
same speed as he was going towards the ground.  As they passed each other at
3,000 feet, the 'chutist yells, "HEY! DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT PARACHUTES?"
	The reply came, fading towards the end, "NO!  DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT COLEMAN STOVES?"


Hurewitz's Memory Principle:
	The chance of forgetting something is directly proportional
	to... to... uh.....


When license fees are too high,
users do things by hand.
When the management is too intrusive,
users lose their spirit.

Hack for the user's benefit.
Trust them; leave them alone.


Subpoena, n.:
	From the root "sub", below, and the Latin "poena" for male
	organ or penis.  Therefore, "below the penis" or "by the balls."


Any circuit design must contain at least one part which is obsolete, two parts
which are unobtainable, and three parts which are still under development.


Disease can be cured; fate is incurable.
		-- Chinese proverb


Chicago, n.:
	Where the dead still vote ... early and often!


BALLISTOPHOBIA:
	Fear of bullets;
OTOPHOBIA:
	Fear of opening one's eyes.
PECCATOPHOBIA:
	Fear of sinning.
TAPHEPHOBIA:
	Fear of being buried alive.
SITOPHOBIA:
	Fear of food.
TRICHOPHOBIA:
	Fear of hair.
VESTIPHOBIA:
	Fear of clothing.


Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
		-- Lily Tomlin


Try to get all of your posthumous medals in advance.


				SEMINAR ANNOUNCEMENT

Title:		Are Frogs Turing Compatible?
Speaker:	Don "The Lion" Knuth

				ABSTRACT
	Several researchers at the University of Louisiana have been studying
the computing power of various amphibians, frogs in particular.  The problem
of frog computability has become a critical issue that ranges across all areas
of computer science.  It has been shown that anything computable by an amphi-
bian community in a fixed-size pond is computable by a frog in the same-size
pond -- that is to say, frogs are Pond-space complete.  We will show that
there is a log-space, polywog-time reduction from any Turing machine program
to a frog.  We will suggest these represent a proper subset of frog-computable
functions.
	This is not just a let's-see-how-far-those-frogs-can-jump seminar.
This is only for hardcore amphibian-computation people and their colleagues.
	Refreshments will be served.  Music will be played.


