Comparing information and knowledge is like asking whether the fatness
of a pig is more or less green than the designated hitter rule."
		-- David Guaspari


I've noticed several design suggestions in your code.


Many a family tree needs trimming.


The nicest thing about the Alto is that it doesn't run faster at night.


HELP!  Man trapped in a human body!


It has just been discovered that research causes cancer in rats.


Just yesterday morning, they let me know you were gone,
Suzanne, the plans they made put an end to you,
I went out this morning and I wrote down this song,
Just can't remember who to send it to...

Oh, I've seen fire and I've seen rain,
I've seen sunny days that I thought would never end,
I've seen lonely times when I could not find a friend,
But I always thought that I'd see you again.
Thought I'd see you one more time again.
		-- James Taylor, "Fire and Rain"


Vidi, vici, veni.
(I saw, I conquered, I came.)


Bistromathics is simply a revolutionary new way of understanding the
behavior of numbers.  Just as Einstein observed that space was not an
absolute, but depended on the observer's movement in space, and that
time was not an absolute, but depended on the observer's movement in
time, so it is now realized that numbers are not absolute, but depend
on the observer's movement in restaurants.
		-- Douglas Adams, "Life, The Universe and Everything"


The sight of his guests filled Lord Cray
At breakfast with horrid dismay,
	So he launched off the spoons
	The pits from his prunes
At their heads as they neared the buffet.
		-- Edward Gorey


... the privileged being which we call human is distinguished from
other animals only by certain double-edged manifestations which in
charity we can only call "inhuman."
		-- R. A. Lafferty


It's easier to take it apart than to put it back together.
		-- Washlesky


Acting is an art which consists of keeping the audience from coughing.


Democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half
of the people are right more than half of the time.
		-- E. B. White


I went over to my friend, he was eatin' a pickle.
I said "Hi, what's happenin'?"
He said "Nothin'."
Try to sing this song with that kind of enthusiasm;
As if you just squashed a cop.
		-- Arlo Guthrie, "Motorcycle Song"


It's from Casablanca.  I've been waiting all my life to use that line.
		-- Woody Allen, "Play It Again, Sam"


Kirkland, Illinois, law forbids bees to fly over the village or through
any of its streets.


QOTD:
	"It wouldn't have been anything, even if it were gonna be a thing."


The probability of someone watching you is directly
proportional to the stupidity of your action.


Many people would rather die than think; in fact, most do.
		-- Bertrand Russell


Vagina, n.:
	The box a penis comes in.


Only adults have difficulty with childproof caps.


What soon grows old?  Gratitude.
		-- Aristotle


Dial 911.  Make a cop come.


It'll be a nice world if they ever get it finished.


What is a magician but a practicing theorist?
		-- Obi-Wan Kenobi


If you remember the 60's, you weren't there.


ASHes to ASHes, DOS to DOS.


But these pills can't be habit forming;
I've been taking them for years.


There's a trick to the Graceful Exit.  It begins with the vision to
recognize when a job, a life stage, a relationship is over -- and to
let go.  It means leaving what's over without denying its validity
or its past importance in our lives.  It involves a sense of future,
a belief that every exit line is an entry, that we are moving on,
rather than out.  The trick of retiring well may be the trick of
living well.  It's hard to recognize that life isn't a holding
action, but a process.  It's hard to learn that we don't leave the
best parts of ourselves behind, back in the dugout or the office.
We own what we learned back there.  The experiences and the growth
are grafted onto our lives.  And when we exit, we can take ourselves
along -- quite gracefully.
		-- Ellen Goodman


To add insult to injury.
		-- Phaedrus


Real computer scientists like having a computer on their desk, else how
could they read their mail?


Nietzsche is pietzsche, Goethe is murder.


The faster we go, the rounder we get.
		-- The Grateful Dead


Pascal Users:
	The Pascal system will be replaced next Tuesday by Cobol.
	Please modify your programs accordingly.


All great discoveries are made by mistake.
		-- Young


It is easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
		-- Leonardo da Vinci


Secrets to a happy marriage
	1. It is important to find a woman that cooks and cleans.
	2. It is important to find a woman that makes good money.
	3. It is important to find a woman that likes to have sex.
	4. It is important that these three women never meet your wife.


A drunk was sitting at the end of the bar in a popular singles' place,
watching a young, good-looking man working his way through the women.  The
guy didn't appear to be having much luck, and he was only spending a few
moments with each woman.  As he worked his way closer, while he couldn't
hear what the young man was saying, he realized that the women were somewhat
shocked at his approach.  Finally, the man approaches a pretty brunette and
they hit it off immediately.  After a bit of quiet conversation, she handed
the young man her hotel key and they started off for the elevators.  As they
passed the drunk, he stopped the lucky one and asked him what his method was.
	"Well," the man replied, "It's simple.  You say 'Tickle your ass
with a feather?'  If she sounds interested, you take it from there.  If she
sounds angry, you smile and say 'Typically nasty weather.'"
	The drunk says "Ohhhhh, got it, I got it!" and walks over to a woman
at the end of the bar to try out his new approach.  Getting her attention,
he smiles and says "Fuck me!"
	"What?!?!?" she screams.
	"Raining like hell, isn't it?"


The honeymoon is over when he phones to say he'll be late for supper and
she's already left a note that it's in the refrigerator.
		-- Bill Lawrence


Odets, where is thy sting?
		-- George S. Kaufman


Put another password in,
Bomb it out, then try again.
Try to get past logging in,
We're hacking, hacking, hacking.

Try his first wife's maiden name,
This is more than just a game.
It's real fun, but just the same,
It's hacking, hacking, hacking.


Karlson's Theorem of Snack Food Packages:

For all P, where P is a package of snack food, P is a SINGLE-SERVING
package of snack food.

Gibson the Cat's Corollary:

For all L, where L is a package of lunch meat, L is Gibson's package
of lunch meat.


Q:	What do you say to a Puerto Rican in a three-piece suit?
A:	Will the defendant please rise?


	The wise programmer is told about the Tao and follows it.  The average
programmer is told about the Tao and searches for it.  The foolish programmer
is told about the Tao and laughs at it.  If it were not for laughter, there
would be no Tao.
	The highest sounds are the hardest to hear.  Going forward is a way to
retreat.  Greater talent shows itself late in life.  Even a perfect program
still has bugs.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Ask your boss to reconsider -- it's so difficult to take "Go to hell"
for an answer.


I want to buy a husband who, every week when I sit down to watch "St.
Elsewhere", won't scream, "FORGET IT, BLANCHE ... IT'S TIME FOR 'HEE
HAW'!!"
		-- Berke Breathed, "Bloom County"


Give a man a free hand and he'll run it all over you.
		-- Mae West


Because woman's work is never done and is underpaid or unpaid or boring or
repetitious and we're the first to get the sack and what we look like is
more important than what we do and if we get raped it's our fault and if we
get bashed we must have provoked it and if we raise our voices we're nagging
bitches and if we enjoy sex nymphos and if we don't we're frigid and if we
love women it's because we can't get a "real" man and if we ask our doctor
too many questions we're neurotic and/or pushy and if we expect community
care for children we're selfish and if we stand up for our rights we're
aggressive and "unfeminine" and if we don't we're typical weak females and
if we want to get married we're out to trap a man and if we don't we're
unnatural and because we still can't get an adequate safe contraceptive but
men can walk on the moon and if we can't cope or don't want a pregnancy we're
made to feel guilty about abortion and... for lots and lots of other reasons
we are part of the women's liberation movement.


Democracy can only be measured on the existence of an opposition.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Some husbands are living proof that a woman can take a joke.


Wiker's Law:
	Government expands to absorb all
	available revenue and then some.


When you have to kill a man it costs nothing to be polite.
		-- Winston Churchill, on formal declarations of war


I lay my head on the railroad tracks,
Waitin' for the double E.
The railroad don't run no more.
Poor poor pitiful me.			[chorus]
	Poor poor pitiful me, poor poor pitiful me.
	These young girls won't let me be,
	Lord have mercy on me!
	Woe is me!

Well, I met a girl, West Hollywood,
Well, I ain't naming names.
But she really worked me over good,
She was just like Jesse James.
She really worked me over good,
She was a credit to her gender.
She put me through some changes, boy,
Sort of like a Waring blender.		[chorus]

I met a girl at the Rainbow Bar,
She asked me if I'd beat her.
She took me back to the Hyatt House,
I don't want to talk about it.		[chorus]
		-- Warren Zevon, "Poor Poor Pitiful Me"


You have an unusual magnetic personality.  Don't walk too close to
metal objects which are not fastened down.


Q:	What is orange and goes "click, click?"
A:	A ball point carrot.


If we won't stand together, we don't stand a chance.


	On the other hand, the TCP camp also has a phrase for OSI people.
There are lots of phrases.  My favorite is `nitwit' -- and the rationale
is the Internet philosophy has always been you have extremely bright,
non-partisan researchers look at a topic, do world-class research, do
several competing implementations, have a bake-off, determine what works
best, write it down and make that the standard.
	The OSI view is entirely opposite.  You take written contributions
from a much larger community, you put the contributions in a room of
committee people with, quite honestly, vast political differences and all
with their own political axes to grind, and four years later you get
something out, usually without it ever having been implemented once.
	So the Internet perspective is implement it, make it work well,
then write it down, whereas the OSI perspective is to agree on it, write
it down, circulate it a lot and now we'll see if anyone can implement it
after it's an international standard and every vendor in the world is
committed to it.  One of those processes is backwards, and I don't think
it takes a Lucasian professor of physics at Oxford to figure out which.
		-- Marshall Rose, "The Pied Piper of OSI"


Because we don't think about future generations,
they will never forget us.
		-- Henrik Tikkanen


I hate quotations.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


I:
	The best way to make a silk purse from a sow's ear is to begin
	with a silk sow.  The same is true of money.
II:
	If today were half as good as tomorrow is supposed to be, it would
	probably be twice as good as yesterday was.
III:
	There are no lazy veteran lion hunters.
IV:
	If you can afford to advertise, you don't need to.
V:
	One-tenth of the participants produce over one-third of the output.
	Increasing the number of participants merely reduces the average
	output.
		-- Norman Augustine


Real Users never use the Help key.


Johnson's First Law:
	When any mechanical contrivance fails, it will do so at the
	most inconvenient possible time.


A nubile female virtually never experiences difficulty in finding willing
sexual partners, and in a natural habitat nubile females are probably always
married.  The basic female "strategy" is to obtain the best possible husband,
to be fertilized by the fittest available male (always, of course, taking
risk into account), and to maximize the returns on sexual favors bestowed:
to be sexually aroused by the sight of males would promote random matings,
thus undermining all of these aims, and would also waste time and energy
that could be spent in economically significant activities and in nurturing
children.  A female's reproductive success would be seriously compromised
by the propensity to be sexually aroused by the sight of males.
		-- Donald Symons, "The Evolution of Human Sexuality",
		   attempting to explain the lack of female interest in
		   pornography.


Marriage is a ghastly public confession of a strictly private intention.


You will probably marry after a very brief courtship.


Well, I would -- if they realized that we -- again if -- if we led them
back to that stalemate only because our retaliatory power, our seconds,
or strike at them after our first strike, would be so destructive they
couldn't afford it, that would hold them off.
		-- President Ronald Reagan, on the MX missile


Weinberg, as a young grocery clerk, advised the grocery manager to get
rid of rutabagas which nobody every bought.  He did so. "Well, kid, that
was a great idea," said the manager. Then he paused and asked the killer
question, "NOW what's the least popular vegetable?"

Law: Once you eliminate your #1 problem, #2 gets a promotion.
		-- Gerald Weinberg, "The Secrets of Consulting"


	"Dad," the 13-year-old boy asked, looking up from his social-
studies text, "what did you do during the sexual revolution?"
	"Well, son," his father confided, "I guess you could say I was
captured early and spent the duration doing the dishes."


Don't lose
Your head
To gain a minute
You need your head
Your brains are in it.
		-- Burma Shave


I remember Ulysses well...  Left one day for the post office
to mail a letter, met a blonde named Circe on the streetcar,
and didn't come back for 20 years.


Real computer scientists admire ADA for its overwhelming aesthetic
value but they find it difficult to actually program in it, as it is
much too large to implement.  Most computer scientists don't notice
this because they are still arguing over what else to add to ADA.


Do Miami a favor.  When you leave, take someone with you.


Satyrs have more faun.


The kings of Peru were the Incas,
Who were known far and wide as great drincas.
	They worshiped the sun
	And had lots of fun,
But the peasants all thought they were stincas.


Eighteen goddess-like daughters are not equal to one son with a hump.
		-- Chinese Proverb


My notion of a husband at forty is that a woman should
be able to change him, like a bank note, for two twenties.


You got to be very careful if you don't know
where you're going, because you might not get there.
		-- Yogi Berra


Gomme's Laws:
	(1) A backscratcher will always find new itches.
	(2) Time accelerates.
	(3) The weather at home improves as soon as you go away.


A diplomat is a man who can tell you to
go to hell and make the trip sound pleasurable.
		-- Samuel Clemens


A single death is a tragedy, a million deaths is a statistic.
		-- Joseph Stalin


I argue very well.  Ask any of my remaining friends.  I can win an
argument on any topic, against any opponent.  People know this, and
steer clear of me at parties.  Often, as a sign of their great respect,
they don't even invite me.
		-- Dave Barry


Many hands make light work.
		-- John Heywood


3M, under the Scotch brand name, manufactures a fine adhesive for art
and display work.  This product is called "Craft Mount".  3M suggests
that to obtain the best results, one should make the bond "while the
adhesive is wet, aggressively tacky."  I did not know what "aggressively
tacky" meant until I read today's fortune.

		[And who said we didn't offer equal time, huh? Ed.]


A good scapegoat is hard to find.


Two peanuts were walking through the New York.  One was assaulted.


Lucky is he for whom the belle toils.


I got vision, and the rest of the world wears bifocals.
		-- Butch Cassidy


A fool and his money are soon popular.


Misery loves company, but company does not reciprocate.


You have a massage (from the Swedish prime minister).


Mum's the word.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


I hate it when my foot falls asleep during the day cause that means
it's going to be up all night.
		-- Steven Wright


Dig it, first they killed those pigs, then they ate dinner in the same
room with them, then they even shoved a fork in a victim's stomach.  Wild!
		-- Bernadine Dohrn, on the Manson killings


Hear about...
	the new vitamin made from chicken blood,
	it makes men cocky and women lay better?


If you need anything just whistle.
You know how to whistle, don't you, Steve?
Just put your lips together and blow.
		-- Lauren Bacall, "To Have and Have Not"


	"Oh sure, this costume may look silly, but it lets me get in and out
of dangerous situations -- I work for a federal task force doing a survey on
urban crime.  Look, here's my ID, and here's a number you can call, that will
put you through to our central base in Atlanta.  Go ahead, call -- they'll
confirm who I am.
	"Unless, of course, the Astro-Zombies have destroyed it."
		-- Captain Freedom


The Fifth Rule:
	You have taken yourself too seriously.


I don't object to sex before marriage, but two minutes before?!?


	Leslie West heads for the sticks, to Providence, Rhode Island and
tries to hide behind a beard.  No good.  There are still too many people
and too many stares, always taunting, always smirking.  He moves to the
outskirts of town. He finds a place to live -- huge mansion, dirt cheap,
caretaker included.  He plugs in his guitar and plays as loud as he wants,
day and night, and there's no one to laugh or boo or even look bored.
	Nobody's cut the grass in months.  What's happened to that caretaker?
What neighborhood people there are start to talk, and what kids there are
start to get curious.  A 13 year-old blond with an angelic face misses supper.
Before the summer's end, four more teenagers have disappeared.  The senior
class president, Barnard-bound come autumn, tells Mom she's going out to a
movie one night and stays out.  The town's up in arms, but just before the
police take action, the kids turn up.  They've found a purpose.  They go
home for their stuff and tell the folks not to worry but they'll be going
now.  They're in a band.
		-- Ira Kaplan


Lonely men seek companionship.
Lonely women sit at home and wait. They never meet.


Oh Dad!  We're ALL Devo!


Fie for shame, you lascivious, lewd, lecherous, libidinous, lustful,
licentious, dirty bum!!


The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one
persists in trying to adapt the world to himself.  Therefore all
progress depends on the unreasonable man.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Indeed, the first noble truth of Buddhism, usually translated as
`all life is suffering,' is more accurately rendered `life is filled
with a sense of pervasive unsatisfactoriness.'
		-- M. D. Epstein


Dignity is like a flag.
It flaps in a storm.
		-- Roy Mengot


	Murray and Esther, a middle-aged Jewish couple, are touring
Chile.  Murray just got a new camera and is constantly snapping
pictures.  One day, without knowing it, he photographs a top-secret
military installation.  In an instant, armed troops surround Murray and
Esther and hustle them off to prison.
	They can't prove who they are because they've left their
passports in their hotel room.  For three weeks they're tortured day
and night to get them to name their contacts in the liberation
movement.  Finally they're hauled in front of a military court,
charged with espionage, and sentenced to death.
	The next morning they're lined up in front of the wall where
they'll be shot.  The sergeant in charge of the firing squad asks them
if they have any last requests.  Esther wants to know if she can call
her daughter in Chicago.  The sergeant says he's sorry, that's not
possible, and turns to Murray.
	"This is crazy!"  Murray shouts.  "We're not spies!"  And he
spits in the sergeants face.
	"Murray!"  Esther cries.  "Please!  Don't make trouble."
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


The surest protection against temptation is cowardice.
		-- Mark Twain


The very first essential for success is a perpetually
constant and regular employment of violence.
		-- Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf"


Prostitution is the only business where you can go into the hole and
still come out ahead.


There's nothing wrong with America that a good erection wouldn't cure.
		-- David Mairowitz


Revenge is sleeping with your enemy's wife.
Sweet revenge is the realization that she's a lousy lay.


Learning French is trivial: the word for horse is cheval, and
everything else follows in the same way.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


A Scotsman clad in kilts left a bar one evening fair.
One could tell by how he walked, he'd drunk more than his share.
He staggered on until he could no longer keep his feet.
So he stumbled off into the grass to sleep beside the street.

Later on two young and lovely girls just happened by.
One says to the other, with a twinkle in her eye.
"See yon sleeping Scotsman so young and handsome built?"
"I wonder if it's true what they don't wear beneath their kilts?"

They stepped up to the Scotsman, so young and fancy free.
They lifted up his kilt above the waist so they could see.
And there behold for them the view beneath his Scottish skirt,
Was nothing more than God had graced him with upon his birth.

They marveled for a moment, then one said, "Best be gone."
"Let's leave a present for our friend before we move along."
As a gift they left a blue ribbon tied into a bow,
Around the bonny star of the Scot's kilt lifting show.

The Scot awoke to nature's call and stumbled to the trees.
Behind a bush he lifts his kilt and gawks at what he sees.
Then in a startled voice he says to what's before his eyes,
"Och, lad I dinna know whar' ya been, but I see ya won first prize."
		-- Mike Cross, "The Scotsman"


Every solution breeds new problems.


Many people are secretly interested in life.


He who hesitates is a damned fool.
		-- Mae West


A new 'chutist had just jumped from the plane at 10,000 feet, and soon
discovered that all his lines were hopelessly tangled.  At about 5,000 feet,
still struggling, he noticed someone coming up from the ground at about the
same speed as he was going towards the ground.  As they passed each other at
3,000 feet, the 'chutist yells, "HEY! DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT PARACHUTES?"
	The reply came, fading towards the end, "NO!  DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT COLEMAN STOVES?"


Be a better psychiatrist and the world
will beat a psychopath to your door.


Evolution is a million line computer
program falling into place by accident.


If you are a police dog, where's your badge?
		-- Question James Thurber used to drive his German Shepherd
		   crazy.


Passion is that funny feeling that drives a man to
bite a woman's neck because she has beautiful legs.


QOTD:
	"I say, and without apology, hang the bitch."


Under deadline pressure for the next week.
If you want something, it can wait.
Unless it's blind screaming paroxysmally hedonistic...


Law stands mute in the midst of arms.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero


Never reveal your best argument.


The good life was so elusive
It really got me down
I had to regain some confidence
So I got into camouflage


Don't look now, but your mother is having sex with a horse.


Eleventh Law of Acoustics:
	In a minimum-phase system there is an inextricable link between
	frequency response, phase response and transient response, as they
	are all merely transforms of one another.  This combined with
	minimalization of open-loop errors in output amplifiers and correct
	compensation for non-linear passive crossover network loading can
	lead to a significant decrease in system resolution lost.  However,
	of course, this all means jack when you listen to Pink Floyd.


(6)	Men employees will be given time off each week for courting
	purposes, or two evenings a week if they go regularly to church.
(7)	After an employee has spent his thirteen hours of labor in the
	office, he should spend the remaining time reading the Bible
	and other good books.
(8)	Every employee should lay aside from each pay packet a goodly
	sum of his earnings for his benefit during his declining years,
	so that he will not become a burden on society or his betters.
(9)	Any employee who smokes Spanish cigars, uses alcoholic drink
	in any form, frequents pool tables and public halls, or gets
	shaved in a barber's shop, will give me good reason to suspect
	his worth, intentions, integrity and honesty.
(10)	The employee who has performed his labours faithfully and
	without a fault for five years, will be given an increase of
	five cents per day in his pay, providing profits from the
	business permit it.
		-- "Office Worker's Guide", New England Carriage
		    Works, 1872


... and the fully armed nuclear warheads are of course merely a
courtesy detail.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Within a computer, natural language is unnatural.


Flannister, n.:
	The plastic yoke that holds a six-pack of beer together.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Barach's Rule:
	An alcoholic is a person who drinks more than his own physician.


Good-bye.  I am leaving because I am bored.
		-- George Saunders' dying words


Today is the first day of the rest of your lossage.


	On his first day as a bus driver, Maxey Eckstein handed in
receipts of $65.  The next day his take was $67.  The third day's
income was $62.  But on the fourth day, Eckstein emptied no less than
$283 on the desk before the cashier.
	"Eckstein!" exclaimed the cashier.  "This is fantastic.  That
route never brought in money like this!  What happened?"
	"Well, after three days on that cockamamie route, I figured
business would never improve, so I drove over to Fourteenth Street and
worked there.  I tell you, that street is a gold mine!"


"One basic notion underlying Usenet is that it is a cooperative."

Having been on USENET for going on ten years, I disagree with this.
The basic notion underlying USENET is the flame.
		-- Chuq Von Rospach


On the subject of C program indentation:

	"In My Egotistical Opinion, most people's C programs should be
	indented six feet downward and covered with dirt."
		-- Blair P. Houghton


Les salons de la ville de Trieste
Sont vaseux, suraigus, at funestes;
	Parmi les grandes chaises
	On cause des malaises,
Des estropiements, et des pestes.
		-- Edward Gorey


When pleasure remains, does it remain a pleasure?


An elderly couple were flying to their Caribbean hideaway on a chartered plane
when a terrible storm forced them to land on an uninhabited island.  When
several days passed without rescue, the couple and their pilot sank into a
despondent silence. Finally, the woman asked her husband if he had made his
usual pledge to the United Way Campaign.
	"We're running out of food and water and you ask *that*?" her husband
barked.  "If you really need to know, I not only pledged a half million but
I've already paid them half of it."
	"You owe the U.W.C. a *quarter million*?" the woman exclaimed
euphorically.  "Don't worry, Harry, they'll find us!  They'll find us!"


A man's house is his castle.
		-- Sir Edward Coke


When there are two conflicting versions of the story, the wise course
is to believe the one in which people appear at their worst.
		-- H. Allen Smith, "Let the Crabgrass Grow"


You're working under a slight handicap.
You happen to be human.


Three women always hang their laundry out in the backyard.  When it rains,
however, the laundry always gets wet.  All the laundry, that is, except
for Laurie's.  Laurie never seems to have her laundry out when it rains.
	So, one day, they are all out in the backyard putting their clothes
on the line when one of the women says to Laurie, "Laurie, how come it
never rains when you have your laundry out?"
	"Well," replies Laurie, "when I wake up in the morning, I check out
my husband Paul.  If his penis is hanging over his right leg, I know it's
going to be a great day.  If his penis is hanging over his left leg, I know
it might rain.  I don't know why it works, but he's never been wrong!"
	"Laurie, what if he has an erection?" asks the other woman.
	"Honey, on a day like *that*, you don't do the *laundry*."


God must have loved calories, she made so many of them.


Hanlon's Razor:
	Never attribute to malice
	that which is adequately explained by stupidity.


One is often kept in the right road by a rut.
		-- Gustave Droz


I'm successful because I'm lucky.
The harder I work, the luckier I get.


