HR 3128.  Omnibus Budget Reconciliation, Fiscal 1986.  Martin, R-Ill., motion
that the House recede from its disagreement to the Senate amendment making
changes in the bill to reduce fiscal 1986 deficits.  The Senate amendment
was an amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the House
amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill.  The original Senate amendment
was the conference agreement on the bill.  Agreed to.
		-- Albuquerque Journal


	Risch's decision procedure for integration, not surprisingly,
uses a recursion on the number and type of the extensions from the
rational functions needed to represent the integrand.  Although the
algorithm follows and critically depends upon the appropriate structure
of the input, as in the case of multivariate factorization, we cannot
claim that the algorithm is a natural one.  In fact, the creator of
differential algebra, Ritt, committed suicide in the early 1950's,
largely, it is claimed, because few paid attention to his work.  Probably
he would have received more attention had he obtained the algorithm as
well.
		-- Joel Moses, "Algorithms and Complexity", ed. J. F. Traub


The Bible contains six admonishments to homosexuals and 362 admonishments
to heterosexuals.  That doesn't mean that God doesn't love heterosexuals.
It's just that they need more supervision.


	      1/3
	 /\(3)
	 |     2			  1/3
	 |    z dz cos(3 * PI / 9) = ln (e   )
	 |
	\/ 1

The integral of z squared, dz
From 1 to the cube root of 3
	Times the cosine
	Of 3 PI over nine
Is the log of the cube root of e


Iowa State -- the high school after high school!
		-- Crow T. Robot


Bizoos, n.:
	The millions of tiny individual bumps that make up a
	basketball.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Coach: What would you say to a beer, Normie?
Norm:  Daddy wuvs you.
		-- Cheers, The Mail Goes to Jail

Sam:  What'd you like, Normie?
Norm: A reason to live.  Gimme another beer.
		-- Cheers, Behind Every Great Man

Sam:	What will you have, Norm?
Norm:	Well, I'm in a gambling mood, Sammy.  I'll take a glass
	of whatever comes out of that tap.
Sam:	Oh, looks like beer, Norm.
Norm:	Call me Mister Lucky.
		-- Cheers, The Executive's Executioner


The clothes have no emperor.
		-- C. A. R. Hoare, commenting on ADA


If you wants to get elected president, you'se got to think up some
memoraboble homily so's school kids can be pestered into memorizin' it,
even if they don't know what it means.
		-- Walt Kelly, "The Pogo Party"


Having the fewest wants, I am nearest to the gods.
		-- Socrates


... Let me tell you who the actual "front-runners" are.  On one side,
you have George Bush, who is currently going through a sort of
fraternity hazing wherein he has to perform a series of humiliating
stunts to win the approval of the Republican Right.  For example, they
had him make a speech oozing praise all over William Loeb, deceased
publisher of the Manchester (N.H.) Union Leader and Slime Journalist.
Loeb had dumped viciously all over George in the 1980 New Hampshire
primary.  But when the Right held a big tribute for Loeb, George came
back to the fold, like a man with a bungee cord wrapped around his
neck.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Twinkie and the Squid"


Speak softly and own a big, mean Doberman.
		-- Dave Millman


Afternoon, n.:
	That part of the day we spend worrying about how we wasted the
morning.


Why on earth do people buy old bottles of wine when they can get a
fresh one for a quarter of the price?


In America today ... we have Woody Allen, whose humor has become so
sophisticated that nobody gets it any more except Mia Farrow.  All
those who think Mia Farrow should go back to making movies where the
devil gets her pregnant and Woody Allen should go back to dressing up
as a human sperm, please raise your hands.  Thank you.
		-- Dave Barry, "Why Humor is Funny"


QOTD:
	"I drive my car quietly, for it goes without saying."


FORTRAN, "the infantile disorder", by now nearly 20 years old, is hopelessly
inadequate for whatever computer application you have in mind today: it is
too clumsy, too risky, and too expensive to use.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


He knows not how to know who knows not also how to unknow.
		-- Sir Richard Burton


Of course it's possible to love a human being
if you don't know them too well.
		-- Charles Bukowski


Einstein argued that there must be simplified explanations of nature, because
God is not capricious or arbitrary.  No such faith comforts the software
engineer.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr.


It's so beautifully arranged on the plate -- you know someone's fingers
have been all over it.
		-- Julia Child on nouvelle cuisine


I am returning this otherwise good typing paper to you because someone
has printed gibberish all over it and put your name at the top.
		-- Professor Lowd, English, Ohio University


He who enters his wife's dressing room is a philosopher or a fool.
		-- Honore de Balzac


Statisticians do it with 95% confidence.


A guy comes into a bar with a frog and sets it down next to the prettiest
girl there.
	"This is a very special frog," he informs her.  "His name is Charlie."
	"What's so special about this frog?" she asks.
He's reluctant to tell her, but when pressed, explains that,
	"This frog can eat pussy."
The girl slaps him, knocking him off his chair, and accuses him of telling her
a filthy lie.  But no, he assures her, it's completely true.  And after much
discussion, she agrees to come back to his apartment to see the frog in action.
She positions herself appropriately, the guy carefully takes out the frog, and
says, "Okay, Charlie, do your stuff!"  The frog is immobile, despite his
owner's exhortations, and the girl starts to snicker.
	"Okay, Charlie, do your stuff!"
	"C'mon Charlie, do your stuff!"
By now, the girl is laughing openly.
	"Okay, Charlie," says the guy, moving the frog out of the way, "I'm
only going to show you one more time."


If you guys have a beef with her, that's her problem.  Don't lay it on
me.  The old lady has to take care of her own weight.
		-- Herbie Sperling, convicted heroin dealer, on being
		   arrested for narcotics possession at his mother's house.


I will follow the good side right to the fire,
but not into it if I can help it.
		-- Michel Eyquem de Montaigne


If atheism is to be used to express the state of mind in which God is
identified with the unknowable, and theology is pronounced to be a
collection of meaningless words about unintelligible chimeras, then
I have no doubt, and I think few people doubt, that atheists are as
plentiful as blackberries.
		-- Leslie Stephen


A continuing flow of paper is sufficient to continue the flow of paper.
		-- Dyer


When you're in command, command.
		-- Admiral Nimitz


A University without students is like an ointment without a fly.
		-- Ed Nather, professor of astronomy at UT Austin


Paralysis through analysis.


I know you believe you understand what you think this fortune says,
but I'm not sure you realize that what you are reading is not what
it means.


PS: This message is not intended to supply the minimum
daily requirement of serious thought.  Consult your doctor
or pharmacist, but not the one that just sent you electronic
junk mail or promises to make explicit drugs fast.
		-- taken from Norman Wilson's .sig


You have mail.


Lo!  Men have become the tool of their tools.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


Near the Studio Jean Cocteau
On the Rue des Ecoles
lived an old man
with a blind dog
Every evening I would see him
guiding the dog along
the sidewalk, keeping
a firm grip on the leash
so that the dog wouldn't
run into a passerby
Sometimes the dog would stop
and look up at the sky
Once the old man
noticed me watching the dog
and he said, "Oh, yes,
this one knows
when the moon is out,
he can feel it on his face"
		-- Barry Gifford


The things that interest people most are usually none of their business.


A farmer is a man outstanding in his field.


The moon is made of green cheese.
		-- John Heywood


To a Californian, all New Yorkers are cold; even in heat they rarely go
above fifty-eight degrees.  If you collapse on a street in New York, plan
to spend a few days there.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


Living in the complex world of the future is somewhat
like having bees live in your head.  But, there they are.


I recognize terror as the finest emotion and so I will try to terrorize the
reader.  But if I find that I cannot terrify, I will try to horrify, and if
I find that I cannot horrify, I'll go for the gross-out.
		-- Stephen King


	A Pole, a Soviet, an American, an Englishman and a Canadian were lost
in a forest in the dead of winter.  As they were sitting around a fire, they
noticed a pack of wolves eyeing them hungrily.
	The Englishman volunteered to sacrifice himself for the rest of the
party.  He walked out into the night.
	The American, not wanting to be outdone by an Englishman, offered to
be the next victim.  The wolves eagerly accepted his offer, and devoured him,
too.
	The Soviet, believing himself to be better than any American, turned
to the Pole and says, "Well, comrade, I shall volunteer to give my life to
save a fellow socialist."  He leaves the shelter and goes out to be killed by
the wolf pack.
	At this point, the Pole opened his jacket and pulls out a machine gun.
He takes aim in the general direction of the wolf pack and in a few seconds
has killed them all.
	The Canadian asked the Pole, "Why didn't you do that before the others
went out to be killed?
	The Pole pulls a bottle of vodka from the other side of his jacket.
He smiles and replies, "Five men on one bottle -- too many."


	My friends, I am here to tell you of the wondrous continent known as
Africa.  Well we left New York drunk and early on the morning of February 31.
We were 15 days on the water, and 3 on the boat when we finally arrived in
Africa.  Upon our arrival we immediately set up a rigorous schedule:  Up at
6:00, breakfast, and back in bed by 7:00.  Pretty soon we were back in bed by
6:30.  Now Africa is full of big game.  The first day I shot two bucks.  That
was the biggest game we had.  Africa is primarily inhabited by Elks, Moose
and Knights of Pithiests.
	The elks live up in the mountains and come down once a year for their
annual conventions.  And you should see them gathered around the water hole,
which they leave immediately when they discover it's full of water.  They
weren't looking for a water hole.  They were looking for an alck hole.
	One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas, how he got in my
pajamas, I don't know.  Then we tried to remove the tusks.  That's a tough
word to say, tusks.  As I said we tried to remove the tusks, but they were
embedded so firmly we couldn't get them out.  But in Alabama the Tusks are
looser, but that is totally irrelephant to what I was saying.
	We took some pictures of the native girls, but they weren't developed.
So we're going back in a few years...
		-- Julius H. Marx


You'll be a guest at a gay party.
That will have important consequences for you.


Objectivity is to a newspaper what virtue is to a woman.
		-- Joseph Pulitzer


The Bible on letters of reference:

	Are we beginning all over again to produce our credentials?  Do
we, like some people, need letters of introduction to you, or from you?
No, you are all the letter we need, a letter written on your heart; any
man can see it for what it is and read it for himself.
		-- 2 Corinthians 3:1-2, New English translation


Hear about...
	the drunken midget who walked into a home for girls and kissed
	everybody in the joint?


One of the large consolations for experiencing anything
unpleasant is the knowledge that one can communicate it.
		-- Joyce Carol Oates


The only function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look
respectable.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


Many changes of mind and mood; do not hesitate too long.


He only knew his iron spine held up the sky -- he didn't realize his brain
had fallen to the ground.
		-- The Book of Serenity


I don't care who you are, Fatso.  Get those reindeer off my roof.


This dungeon is owned and operated by Frobazz Magic Co., Ltd.


"First World" nations are the ones where people drive Japanese cars;
"Second World" nations are where First World residents go on vacation;
and "Third World" nations are the ones where people still dive out of
trees to prove their manhood.
		-- Dave Barry


I need another lawyer like I need another hole in my head.
		-- Fratianno


Confucius say too much.
		-- Recent Chinese proverb


You notice that after Ginzburg admitted he had tried marijuana everyone
got in line to admit it, too.  But you also notice they all said they
"experimented" with marijuana.  The didn't "use" it; they "experimented"
with it.  Let me tell you something -- Jonas Salk "experiments"; these
guys were getting stoned!
		-- Johnny Carson


The human race has been fascinated by sharks for as long as I can remember.
Just like the bluebird feeding its young, or the spider struggling to weave
its perfect web, or the buttercup blooming in spring, the shark reveals to
us yet another of the infinite and wonderful facets of nature, namely the
facet that it can bite your head off.  This causes us humans to feel a
certain degree of awe.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wonders of Sharks on TV"


The Gordian Maxim:
If a string has one end, it has another.


All things that are, are with more spirit chased than enjoyed.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Merchant of Venice"


A list is only as strong as its weakest link.
		-- Donald E. Knuth


Philosophy is to the real world as masturbation is to sex.
		-- Karl Marx


Excellent time to become a missing person.


Grain grows best in shit.
		-- Ursula K. LeGuin


Rome wasn't burnt in a day.


QOTD:
	"It's hard to tell whether he has an ace up his sleeve or if
	the ace is missing from his deck altogether."


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #12 -- LITHP

	This otherwise unremarkable language, originally developed in San
Francisco, is distinguished by the absence of an "S" in its character set;
users must substitute "TH".  LITHP is thaid to be utheful in protheththing
lithtth.


We must!  We must!
We must increase our bust!
The bigger the better!
The tighter the sweater!
And the boys will think more of us!


I have gained this by philosophy:
that I do without being commanded what others
do only from fear of the law.
		-- Aristotle


Q:	What's invisible and smells like carrots?
A:	Bunny farts.


Rule the Empire through force.
		-- Shogun Tokugawa


The major difference between bonds and bond traders is that the
bonds will eventually mature.


Everything should be built top-down, except the first time.


Always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid back.


Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day
Fritter and waste the hours in an offhand way
Kicking around on a piece of ground in your hometown
Waiting for someone or something to show you the way

Tired of lying in the sunshine		And then one day you find
Staying home to watch the rain		Ten years have got behind you
You are young and life is long		No one told you when to run
And there is time to kill today		You missed the starting gun

And you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it's sinking
And racing around to come up behind you again
The sun is the same in a relative way but you're older
Shorter of breath and one day closer to death

Every year is getting shorter		Hanging on in quiet desperation
						is the English way
Never seem to find the time		The time is gone, the song is over
Plans that either come to nought	Thought I'd something more to say...
Or half a page of scribbled lines
		-- Pink Floyd, "Time"


American cars are made shoddily...
Cars made overseas are far superior.
		-- Barry Goldwater


In cosmetics, there's cases of revolutionary Venus Envy Hair Spray;
Legette Hair Fastener Heat Bags; Lady O' Spain Self-Blinding Eye Shadow
with Magic Puncture Pencil; Sanitary Napkin Rings in Little Miss, Moon
Maid and Stuck Pig Strength; and deported Italian Napagel Balls for
soaking or eating; and they're all slash-priced with the lady in mind...
		-- The Firesign Theatre


