My way of joking is to tell the truth.
That's the funniest joke in the world.
		-- Muhammad Ali


Total strangers need love, too; and I'm stranger than most.


Secrets to a happy marriage
	1. It is important to find a woman that cooks and cleans.
	2. It is important to find a woman that makes good money.
	3. It is important to find a woman that likes to have sex.
	4. It is important that these three women never meet your wife.


	A man goes to a tailor to try on a new custom-made suit.  The
first thing he notices is that the arms are too long.
	"No problem," says the tailor.  "Just bend them at the elbow
and hold them out in front of you.  See, now it's fine."
	"But the collar is up around my ears!"
	"It's nothing.  Just hunch your back up a little ... no, a
little more ... that's it."
	"But I'm stepping on my cuffs!"  the man cries in desperation.
	"Nu, bend you knees a little to take up the slack.  There you
go.  Look in the mirror -- the suit fits perfectly."
	So, twisted like a pretzel, the man lurches out onto the
street.  Reba and Florence see him go by.
	"Oh, look," says Reba, "that poor man!"
	"Yes," says Florence, "but what a beautiful suit."
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


GREAT MOMENTS IN HISTORY (#7):  April 2, 1751

Isaac Newton becomes discouraged when he falls up a flight of stairs.


The trouble with being punctual is that people
think you have nothing more important to do.


"I'm dying," he croaked.
"My experiment was a success," the chemist retorted.
"You can't really train a beagle," he dogmatized.
"That's no beagle, it's a mongrel," she muttered.
"The fire is going out," he bellowed.
"Bad marksmanship," the hunter groused.
"You ought to see a psychiatrist," he reminded me.
"You snake," she rattled.
"Someone's at the door," she chimed.
"Company's coming," she guessed.
"Dawn came too soon," she mourned.
"I think I'll end it all," Sue sighed.
"I ordered chocolate, not vanilla," I screamed.
"Your embroidery is sloppy," she needled cruelly.
"Where did you get this meat?" he bridled hoarsely.
		-- Gyles Brandreth, "The Joy of Lex"


Ten persons who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent.
		-- Napoleon I


You can rent this space for only $5 a week.


The Man Who Almost Invented The Vacuum Cleaner
	The man officially credited with inventing the vacuum cleaner is
Hubert Cecil Booth.  However, he got the idea from a man who almost
invented it.
	In 1901 Booth visited a London music-hall.  On the bill was an
American inventor with his wonder machine for removing dust from carpets.
	The machine comprised a box about one foot square with a bag on top.
After watching the act -- which made everyone in the front six rows sneeze
-- Booth went round to the inventor's dressing room.
	"It should suck not blow," said Booth, coming straight to the
point.  "Suck?", exclaimed the enraged inventor.  "Your machine just moves
the dust around the room," Booth informed him.  "Suck?  Suck?  Sucking is
not possible," was the inventor's reply and he stormed out.  Booth proved
that it was by the simple expedient of kneeling down, pursing his lips and
sucking the back of an armchair.  "I almost choked," he said afterwards.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Horner's Five Thumb Postulate:
	Experience varies directly with equipment ruined.


If I don't drive around the park,
I'm pretty sure to make my mark.
If I'm in bed each night by ten,
I may get back my looks again.
If I abstain from fun and such,
I'll probably amount to much;
But I shall stay the way I am,
Because I do not give a damn.
		-- Dorothy Parker


A newspaper is a circulating library with high blood pressure.
		-- Arthure "Bugs" Baer


	"I think he said 'Blessed are the cheesemakers.'"
	"Nonsense, he was obviously referring to all manufacturers of
dairy products."
		-- The Life of Brian


Take your work seriously but never take yourself seriously; and do not
take what happens either to yourself or your work seriously.
		-- Booth Tarkington


Novinson's Revolutionary Discovery:

	When comes the revolution, things will be different --
	not better, just different.


Moore's Constant:
	Everybody sets out to do something, and everybody
	does something, but no one does what he sets out to do.


When neither their poverty nor their honor is
touched, the majority of men live content.
		-- Niccolo Machiavelli


I am professionally trained in computer science, which is to say
(in all seriousness) that I am extremely poorly educated.
		-- Joseph Weizenbaum, "Computer Power and Human Reason"


What's the use of a good quotation if you can't change it?
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


Q:	What do you call 15 blondes in a circle?
A:	A dope ring.

Q:	Why do blondes put their hair in ponytails?
A:	To cover up the valve stem.


A private sin is not so prejudicial in the world as a public indecency.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


Miguel Cervantes wrote Donkey Hote.  Milton wrote Paradise Lost, then his
wife died and he wrote Paradise Regained.


Never settle with words what you can accomplish with a flame thrower.


Suicide is the sincerest form of self-criticism.
		-- Donald Kaul


The man who sees, on New Year's day, Mount
Fuji, a hawk, and an eggplant is forever blessed.
		-- Old Japanese proverb


The great nations have always acted like gangsters and the small nations
like prostitutes.
		-- Stanley Kubrick


Remember thee
Ay, thou poor ghost while memory holds a seat
In this distracted globe.  Remember thee!
Yea, from the table of my memory
I'll wipe away all trivial fond records,
All saws of books, all forms, all pressures past,
That youth and observation copied there.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Hamlet"


Fame may be fleeting but obscurity is forever.


From the cradle to the coffin underwear comes first.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


There is nothing wrong with writing ... as long as it
is done in private and you wash your hands afterward.


Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
		-- Theophrastus


Three fine Irish lads, O'Rourke, O'Malley and O'Donnell, worked together at
the local brewery.  One day, as fate would have it, O'Rourke fell into one
of the beer vats and drowned.  O'Malley and O'Donnell, completely crestfallen,
had to break the news to his wife.
	They went 'round the Widow O'Rourke's house and informed her that her
poor dear Patrick had drowned in a beer vat that very day.  Choking back her
tears, she asked them "Tell me now, did me poor Patty suffer much?"
	"I don't think so," replied O'Donnell. "He climbed out twice to take
a piss."


The Anglo-Saxon conscience does not prevent the Anglo-Saxon from
sinning, it merely prevents him from enjoying his sin.
		-- Salvador De Madariaga


Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Tempest"


I've never been canoeing before, but I imagine there must
be just a few simple heuristics you have to remember...

Yes, don't fall out, and don't hit rocks.


Hear about...
	the recent cigarette survey that disclosed that 99% of the
	men who have tried Camels have gone back to women?


Heisenberg may have been here.


University politics are vicious precisely because the stakes are so small.
		-- Henry Kissinger


It has been said [by Anatole France], "it is not by amusing oneself
that one learns," and, in reply: "it is *_o_n_l_y* by amusing oneself that
one can learn."
		-- Edward Kasner and James R. Newman


Q:	Why do women have vaginas?
A:	So when they're drunk, you can carry them like a six-pack.


When we talk of tomorrow, the gods laugh.


I have the simplest tastes.  I am always satisfied with the best.
		-- Oscar Wilde


There is nothing more silly than a silly laugh.
		-- Gaius Valerius Catullus


Biz is better.


Talk is cheap because supply always exceeds demand.


If there is a sin against life, it consists perhaps not so much in despairing
of life as in hoping for another life and in eluding the implacable grandeur
of this life.
		-- Albert Camus


A woman is like your shadow; follow her, she flies; fly from her,
she follows.
		-- Chamfort


"We're not talking about the same thing," he said. "For you the world is
weird because if you're not bored with it you're at odds with it. For me
the world is weird because it is stupendous, awesome, mysterious,
unfathomable; my interest has been to convince you that you must accept
responsibility for being here, in this marvelous world, in this marvelous
desert, in this marvelous time.  I wanted to convince you that you must
learn to make every act count, since you are going to be here for only a
short while, in fact, too short for witnessing all the marvels of it."
		-- Don Juan


When one wants to get rid of an unsupportable pressure, one needs hashish.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Disclaimer: Any resemblance between the above views and those of my
employer, my terminal, or the view out my window are purely
coincidental.  Any resemblance between the above and my own views is
non-deterministic.  The question of the existence of views in the
absence of anyone to hold them is left as an exercise for the reader.
The question of the existence of the reader is left as an exercise for
the second god coefficient.  (A discussion of non-orthogonal,
non-integral polytheism is beyond the scope of this article.)


A real patriot is the fellow who gets a parking
ticket and rejoices that the system works.


	A manager went to the master programmer and showed him the requirements
document for a new application.  The manager asked the master: "How long will
it take to design this system if I assign five programmers to it?"
	"It will take one year," said the master promptly.
	"But we need this system immediately or even sooner!  How long will it
take it I assign ten programmers to it?"
	The master programmer frowned.  "In that case, it will take two years."
	"And what if I assign a hundred programmers to it?"
	The master programmer shrugged.  "Then the design will never be
completed," he said.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


My girlfriend's favorite erotic position is bending over my credit cards.


	"The Good Ship Enterprise" (to the tune of "The Good Ship Lollipop")

On the good ship Enterprise
Every week there's a new surprise
Where the Romulans lurk
And the Klingons often go berserk.

Yes, the good ship Enterprise
There's excitement anywhere it flies
Where Tribbles play
And Nurse Chapel never gets her way.

	See Captain Kirk standing on the bridge,
	Mr. Spock is at his side.
	The weekly menace, ooh-ooh
	It gets fried, scattered far and wide.

It's the good ship Enterprise
Heading out where danger lies
And you live in dread
If you're wearing a shirt that's red.
		-- Doris Robin and Karen Trimble of The L.A. Filkharmonics


I don't have any solution but I certainly admire the problem.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


Love is the delusion that one woman differs from another.
		-- H. L. Mencken


The best way to preserve a right is to exercise it, and the right to
smoke is a right worth dying for.


Real Users never know what they want, but they always know when your
program doesn't deliver it.


You are fairminded, just and loving.


Oh what a tangled web we weave, when first we practice to deceive.
		-- William Shakespeare


There *_i_s* intelligent life on Earth, but I leave for Texas on Monday.


The ripest fruit falls first.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"


A man's house is his castle.
		-- Sir Edward Coke


Do not permit a woman to ask forgiveness, for that is only the first
step.  The second is justification of herself by accusation of you.
		-- DeGourmont


Oregon, n.:
	Eighty billion gallons of water with no place to go on Saturday
night.


If you try to please everyone, somebody is not going to like it.


One would like to stroke and caress human beings, but one dares not do so,
because they bite.
		-- Vladimir Lenin


Please, won't somebody tell me what diddie-wa-diddie means?


I'll defend to the death your right to say that, but I never said I'd
listen to it!
		-- Tom Galloway with apologies to Voltaire


A gambler's biggest thrill is winning a bet.
His next biggest thrill is losing a bet.


A Smith & Wesson beats four aces.


A friend of mine won't get a divorce, because he hates
lawyers more than he hates his wife.


Things worth having are worth cheating for.


If ignorance is bliss, why aren't there more happy people?


God may be subtle, but He isn't plain mean.
		-- Albert Einstein


After all, it is only the mediocre who are always at their best.
		-- Jean Giraudoux


The Microsoft Exchange MTA Stacks service depends on the Microsoft Exchange
System Attendant service which failed to start because of the following
error:

The operation completed successfully.

For more information, see Help and Support Center at
http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/events.asp.


Black people have never rioted.  A riot is what white people think blacks
are involved in when they burn stores.
		-- Julius Lester


Things past redress and now with me past care.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"


Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not
become a monster.  And when you look into an abyss, the abyss also looks
into you.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


It is the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree.


	An old Jewish man reads about Einstein's theory of relativity
in the newspaper and asks his scientist grandson to explain it to him.
	"Well, zayda, it's sort of like this.  Einstein says that if
you're having your teeth drilled without Novocain, a minute seems like
an hour.  But if you're sitting with a beautiful woman on your lap, an
hour seems like a minute."
	The old man considers this profound bit of thinking for a
moment and says, "And from this he makes a living?"
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


Cleveland still lives.  God _m_u_s_t be dead.


The reason Roman Catholics are allowed to use the
rhythm method of birth control is that it doesn't work.


Qvid me anxivs svm?


Miss Mona:	You know what burns my ass?
Ed Earl:	What?
Miss Mona:	A flame about three feet high!
		-- Dolly Parton and Burt Reynolds,
		   "The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas"


The One Page Principle:
	A specification that will not fit on one page of 8.5x11 inch paper
	cannot be understood.
		-- Mark Ardis


The basic idea behind malls is that they are more convenient than
cities.  Cities contain streets, which are dangerous and crowded and
difficult to park in.  Malls, on the other hand, have parking lots,
which are also dangerous and crowded and difficult to park in, but --
here is the big difference -- in mall parking lots, THERE ARE NO
RULES.  You're allowed to do anything.  You can drive as fast as you
want in any direction you want.  I was once driving in a mall parking
lot when my car was struck by a pickup truck being driven backward by a
squat man with a tattoo that said "Charlie" on his forearm, who got out
and explained to me, in great detail, why the accident was my fault,
his reasoning being that he was violent and muscular, whereas I was
neither.  This kind of reasoning is legally valid in mall parking
lots.
		-- Dave Barry, "Christmas Shopping: A Survivor's Guide"


Burn's Hog Weighing Method:
	(1) Get a perfectly symmetrical plank and balance it across a
	    sawhorse.
	(2) Put the hog on one end of the plank.
	(3) Pile rocks on the other end until the plank is again
	    perfectly balanced.
	(4) Carefully guess the weight of the rocks.
		-- Robert Burns


XXI:
	It's easy to get a loan unless you need it.
XXII:
	If stock market experts were so expert, they would be buying stock,
	not selling advice.
XXIII:
	Any task can be completed in only one-third more time than is
	currently estimated.
XXIV:
	The only thing more costly than stretching the schedule of an
	established project is accelerating it, which is itself the most
	costly action known to man.
XXV:
	A revised schedule is to business what a new season is to an athlete
	or a new canvas to an artist.
		-- Norman Augustine


If you need anything just whistle.
You know how to whistle, don't you, Steve?
Just put your lips together and blow.
		-- Lauren Bacall, "To Have and Have Not"


Well, fancy giving money to the Government!
Might as well have put it down the drain.
Fancy giving money to the Government!
Nobody will see the stuff again.
Well, they've no idea what money's for --
Ten to one they'll start another war.
I've heard a lot of silly things, but, Lor'!
Fancy giving money to the Government!
		-- A. P. Herbert


I'm also inclined to believe that if you wait long enough, you will
eventually have more than 255 of almost *anything*....
		-- A. Lyman Chapin


Chivalry, Schmivalry!
	Roger the thief has a
	method he uses for
	sneaky attacks:
Folks who are reading are
	Characteristically
	Always Forgetting to
	Guard their own bac ...


Q:	What do you call a TV set that fixes itself?
A:	A Christian Science Monitor.


The only thing we learn from history is that we do not learn.
		-- Earl Warren

That men do not learn very much from history is the most important of all
the lessons that history has to teach.
		-- Aldous Huxley

We learn from history that we do not learn from history.
		-- Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel

HISTORY:  Papa Hegel he say that all we learn from history is that we learn
nothing from history.  I know people who can't even learn from what happened
this morning.  Hegel must have been taking the long view.
		-- Chad C. Mulligan, "The Hipcrime Vocab"


Literature is mostly about sex and not much about having children and life
is the other way round.
		-- David Lodge, "The British Museum is Falling Down"


	Thompson, if he is to be believed, has sampled the entire
rainbow of legal and illegal drugs in heroic efforts to feel better
than he does.
	As for the truth about his health: I have asked around about
it.  I am told that he appears to be strong and rosy, and steadily
sane.  But we will be doing what he wants us to do, I think, if we
consider his exterior a sort of Dorian Gray facade.  Inwardly, he is
being eaten alive by tinhorn politicians.
	The disease is fatal.  There is no known cure.  The most we can
do for the poor devil, it seems to me, is to name his disease in his
honor.  From this moment on, let all those who feel that Americans can
be as easily led to beauty as to ugliness, to truth as to public
relations, to joy as to bitterness, be said to be suffering from Hunter
Thompson's disease.  I don't have it this morning.  It comes and goes.
This morning I don't have Hunter Thompson's disease.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr. on Dr. Hunter S. Thompson: Excerpt
		   from "A Political Disease", Vonnegut's review of "Fear
		   and Loathing: On the Campaign Trail '72"


QWERT (kwirt) n. [MW < OW qwertyuiop, a thirteenth]  1. a unit of weight
equal to 13 poiuyt  avoirdupois  (or 1.69 kiloliks), commonly used in
structural engineering  2. [Colloq.] one thirteenth the load that a fully
grown sligo can carry.  3. [Anat.] a painful  irritation  of  the dermis
in the region of the anus  4. [Slang] person who excites in others the
symptoms of a qwert.
		-- Webster's Middle World Dictionary, 4th ed.


The moon may be smaller than Earth, but it's further away.


Beware of Programmers who carry screwdrivers.
		-- Leonard Brandwein


New release:
	Abortions are becoming so popular in some countries that the waiting
	time to get one is lengthening rapidly. Experts predict that at this
	rate there will soon be an up to a one year wait.


Changing husbands/wives is only changing troubles.
		-- Kathleen Norris


We don't care how they do it in New York.


The means-and-ends moralists, or non-doers,
always end up on their ends without any means.
		-- Saul Alinsky


This is the first numerical problem I ever did.  It demonstrates the
power of computers:

Enter lots of data on calorie & nutritive content of foods.  Instruct the
thing to maximize a function describing nutritive content, with a minimum
level of each component, for fixed caloric content.  The results are that
one should eat each day:

	1/2 chicken
	1 egg
	1 glass of skim milk
	27 heads of lettuce.
		-- Rev. Adrian Melott


The Moving Finger writes; and, having writ,
	Moves on: nor all they Piety nor Wit
Shall lure it back to cancel half a Line,
	Nor all thy Tears wash out a Word of it.


He is not only dull himself, he is the cause of dullness in others.
		-- Samuel Johnson


Chicago has journalists' bars, ethnic bars, neighborhood bars, even midget
bars, hundreds, maybe thousands of bars, on every neighborhood block.
I was drinking on afternoon in O'Rourke's, a bar on the Near North side.
It was dark and empty, which suited my mood.  A fat, stubble-bearded,
middle-aged man waddled in, took the stool next to mine, and ordered a
beer.  He was completely unremarkable, except that he was dressed, head
to toe, in a white-lace wedding gown.  After a silence, I said, "Been to
a wedding?"
	He brushed back his veil, rustled his petticoats and said, "Uh...
yeah."
	He silently finished his drink and left.  The bartender said, "You
know, even the transvestites in this town have five o'clock shadows."


Loan-department manager:  "There isn't any fine print.  At these
interest rates, we don't need it."


MOMENTUM:
	What you give a person when they are going away.


Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder.


You are absolute plate-glass. I see to the very back of your mind.
		-- Sherlock Holmes


There once was a king who ruled his country long, wisely, and well.  The
king had a son whom he hoped would someday rule the land.  He also wished
in his heart that the son would be wise and compassionate.  One day he said
to the prince:
	"If you promised that you would give a certain woman anything, even
half of your kingdom, and then she demanded the life of your best friend,
what would your decision be, my son?"
	The young prince thought for a moment and then said, "I would tell
her that the life of my best friend did not lie in the half of the kingdom
that I had promised."
	The king knew that his son would be a great king.


Catharsis is something I associate with pornography and crossword puzzles.
		-- Howard Chaykin


There is no distinctly native American criminal class except Congress.
		-- Mark Twain


It takes leather balls to play rugby.
	(Blood makes the grass grow!)


	"A penny for your thoughts?"
	"A dollar for your death."
		-- The Odd Couple


Love is an obsessive delusion that is cured by marriage.
		-- Dr. Karl Bowman


This fellow rushed into a crowded tavern on Saturday night.  Men and women
stood three-deep at the bar.  Our man, who felt nature calling strongly,
looked about him but couldn't see anything that resembled a john.  He saw a
stairway and bounded up the steps to the second floor in his increasingly
desperate search.  Just as his bowels threatened to erupt, he spotted a
one-foot by one-foot hole in the floor.  Now, at the end of his control, he
decided to take advantage of the hole.  He dropped his pants, hunched over it,
and did his thing.  Thoroughly relieved and relaxed, he sauntered down the
steps to find, to his surprise, that the crowded bar was now empty.
	"Hey!" he yelled to the seemingly empty room, "Where is everyone?"
	From behind the bar a voice responded, "Hey!  Where were you when
the shit hit the fan?"


Hear about...
	the farmer who couldn't keep his hands off his wife, so he
	fired them?


Congratulations!  You are the one-millionth user to log into our system.
If there's anything special we can do for you, anything at all, don't
hesitate to ask!


A young boy is told by his puritanical father than he should never have
sex with a woman, because a woman has teeth in her vagina and will bite
off his penis.
	The years go by, and the boy finally marries.  After a rather
uninspiring honeymoon his wife finally confronts him and demands that he
tell her why he won't make love to her.
	"Well, honey," he replies.  "You have... teeth... down there."
	"What!?" she replies unbelievingly.  "No I don't!  Honest, darling,
come here and look for yourself."
	The man rather hesitantly examines her very thoroughly.
	"There!" his wife says triumphantly.  "Now do you believe me?"
	"Yes," replied her husband.  "And your gums are in *terrible*
condition."


Men are superior to women.
		-- The Koran


Asking a working writer what he thinks about critics is like asking a
lamp-post how it feels about dogs.
		-- Christopher Hampton


	"I believe you have the wrong number," said the old gentleman into
the phone.  "You'll have to call the weather bureau for that information."
	"Who was that?" his young wife asked.
	"Some guy wanting to know if the coast was clear."


Little known facts: the dirtiest words used on television during the
1950's were uttered by June Cleaver.
	"Gee, Ward, weren't you a little hard on the Beaver last night?"


It is impossible to make anything
foolproof because fools are so ingenious.


Did you hear that two rabbits escaped from the zoo and so far they have
only recaptured 116 of them?


Before really embarking on a sizeable project, in particular before
starting the large investment of coding, try to kill the project
first.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, EWD1308


The penis mightier than the sword.


ACADEMY:
	A modern school where football is taught.
INSTITUTE:
	An archaic school where football is not taught.


Q:	How do you fit 1000 dead babies into a phone booth?
A:	Cusinart.

Q:	How do you get them back out?
A:	Doritos.


