The day advanced as if to light some work of mine; it was morning,
and lo! now it is evening, and nothing memorable is accomplished.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


There is no bad taste.  There is only good taste, and that is bad.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


You can't take it with you --
especially when crossing a state line.


Wesley:	I have in fact faced two vampires myself.  Under controlled
	circumstances of course.
Giles:	No danger of finding those here.
Wesley:	Vampires?
Giles:	Controlled circumstances.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Bad Girls"
		   Season 3, Episode 14


An effective way to deal with predators is to taste terrible.


Educational television should be absolutely forbidden.  It can only lead
to unreasonable disappointment when your child discovers that the letters
of the alphabet do not leap up out of books and dance around with
royal-blue chickens.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


You are a fluke of the universe; you have no right to be here.


One of my favorite jokes, a telling commentary on Jewish mothers' capacity
to lay on guilt, involves the mother who gave her son two neckties on Chanuka.
	"The boy hurried into his bedroom, ripped off the tie he was wearing,
put on one of the ties his mother had brought him, and hurried back.  "Look,
Mama! Isn't it gorgeous?"
	"Mama asked, 'What's the matter?  You don't like the other one?'"
		-- Leo Rosten, "Hooray For Yiddish"


The Gordian Maxim:
If a string has one end, it has another.


Newlywed groom:
	Honey, I have something to confess to you.  I'm a golfer.
	You'll never see me on Tuesday nights, Thursday nights,
	and weekends.  I'm sorry.
Newlywed bride:
	I have something even worse to confess, dear.  I'm a hooker.
Groom:
	Oh, honey, that's no problem!  Just keep your head low and follow
	through...


Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side?  And hain't that
a big enough majority in any town?
		-- Mark Twain, "Huckleberry Finn"


Never be afraid to tell the world who you are.
		-- Anonymous


Jim Nasium's Law:
	In a large locker room with hundreds of lockers, the few people
	using the facility at any one time will all have lockers next to
	each other so that everybody is cramped.


Where do I find the time for not reading so many books?
		-- Karl Kraus


I never saw a purple cow
I never hope to see one
But I can tell you anyhow
I'd rather see than be one.
		-- Gellett Burgess

I've never seen a purple cow
I never hope to see one
But from the milk we're getting now
There certainly must be one
		-- Ogden Nash

Ah, yes, I wrote "The Purple Cow"
I'm sorry now I wrote it
But I can tell you anyhow
I'll kill you if you quote it.
		-- Gellett Burgess, many years later


-- The writing implement is more potent than the claymore.
-- The person presenting the ultimate cachinnation possesses thereby the
	optimal cachinnation.


Idleness is the holiday of fools.


Rebellion lay in his way, and he found it.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


If you guys have a beef with her, that's her problem.  Don't lay it on
me.  The old lady has to take care of her own weight.
		-- Herbie Sperling, convicted heroin dealer, on being
		   arrested for narcotics possession at his mother's house.


The difference between this school and a cactus plant is that the
cactus has the pricks on the outside.


Expect a letter from a friend who will ask a favor of you.


The wise shepherd never trusts his flock to a smiling wolf.


FORTUNE PRESENTS FAMOUS LAST WORDS:	#4

Socrates:		I DRANK WHAT!?!?
Tarzan:			Who greased the grape viiiiiiiiiiiinnnneee........
Al Capone:		There's a violin in my violin case!
Pilot, TWA Fl. #343:	What's a mountain goat doing 'way up here?


While it may be true that a watched pot never boils, the one you don't
keep an eye on can make an awful mess of your stove.
		-- Edward Stevenson


They call them "squares" because it's the
most complicated shape they can deal with.


If it were not for the presents, an elopement would be preferable.
		-- George Ade, "Forty Modern Fables"


VIRGINIA:
	A group of beautifully mounted hunters galloping behind
	baying hounds in pursuit of a union organizer.


Dear Miss Manners:
Please list some tactful ways of removing a man's saliva from your face.

Gentle Reader:
Please list some decent ways of acquiring a man's saliva on your face.
If the gentleman sprayed you inadvertently to accompany enthusiastic
discourse, you may step back two paces, bring out your handkerchief,
and go through the motions of wiping your nose, while trailing the cloth
along your face to pick up whatever needs mopping along the route.  If,
however, the substance was acquired as a result of enthusiasm of a more
intimate nature, you may delicately retrieve it with a flick of your
pink tongue.


	I went into a bar feeling a little depressed, the bartender said,
"What'll you have, Bud"?
	I said," I don't know, surprise me".
	So he showed me a nude picture of my wife.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


Cats are smarter than dogs.  You can't make eight cats pull
a sled through the snow.


"Lines that are parallel meet at Infinity!"
Euclid repeatedly, heatedly, urged.

Until he died, and so reached that vicinity:
in it he found that the damned things diverged.
		-- Piet Hein


You might get caught holding the bag.  Say she's your sister.


Like ya know?  Rock 'N Roll is an esoteric language that unlocks the
creativity chambers in people's brains, and like totally activates their
essential hipness, which of course is like totally necessary for saving
the earth, like because the first thing in saving this world, is getting
rid of stupid and square attitudes and having fun.
		-- Senior Year Quote


It's not reality that's important, but how you perceive things.


Boy!  Eucalyptus!


	Once, when the secrets of science were the jealously guarded property
of a small priesthood, the common man had no hope of mastering their arcane
complexities.  Years of study in musty classrooms were prerequisite to
obtaining even a dim, incoherent knowledge of science.
	Today all that has changed: a dim, incoherent knowledge of science is
available to anyone.
		-- Tom Weller, "Science Made Stupid"


Don't shoot until you're sure you both aren't on the same side.


It has long been an axiom of mine that the
little things are infinitely the most important.
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "A Case of Identity"


Someone is speaking well of you.
How unusual!


For men use, if they have an evil turn, to write it in marble:
and whoso doth us a good turn we write it in dust.
		-- Sir Thomas More


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #2

	If at first you don't succeed, think how many people
	you've made happy.


I love Saturday morning cartoons, what classic humour!  This is what
entertainment is all about ... Idiots, explosives and falling anvils.
		-- Calvin and Hobbes, Bill Watterson


	The new patron was amazed by the cleanliness of the restaurant.  A
waiter approached the table.  "Good afternoon, sir.  What may I serve you?"
	"I'll have the steak dinner," the man answered.
	As the waiter headed for the kitchen, the diner noticed that he
wore a spotless white apron and clean white gloves.  Soon the waiter
returned, bearing a casserole dish on a cart which he uncovered to reveal
two tempting filet mignons.  From a covered pocket in his apron he produced
a small pair of shining silver tongs and with them he transferred the meat
from the steaming casserole to the diner's plate.  "We never touch anything
with our hands," he explained.
	The waiter continued serving.  "Confidentially," he said, "we even
have a special set of rules about visiting the lavatory.  Do you see this
little piece of string attached to my apron?"
	"Yes," the diner replied.  "I noticed that all the aprons had one."
	The waiter put a large browned potato on the plate with his tongs.
"Well," he began, "if I should have to go to the bathroom, that string
comes in very handily.  I simply unzip my pants and take it out with that
piece of string.  That way everything stays sanitary."
	"But how do you put it back?"
	"Well, I don't know about the other guys," the waiter confided, "but
I use the tongs."


It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.


All men know the utility of useful things;
but they do not know the utility of futility.
		-- Chuang Tzu


"Being disintegrated makes me ve-ry an-gry!" <huff, huff>


God wants us to know that if we see a bumper sticker saying "Honk if you love
Jesus" it is a bad idea to honk to express an opinion about Jesus because it
will annoy the turkey who put the bumper sticker on as well as everyone else
in the vicinity.  However, it is just fine to honk to annoy the turkey simply
for being a turkey, for God told Man to be fruitful and multiply, and to rule
over the beasts of the field and the birds of the air, and that includes the
turkeys who buy such bumper stickers.  Of course, God understands that innocent
bystanders will also be annoyed, but He has wisely created traffic cops to
impose some constraint on how much we may annoy the turkeys within city limits,
for God's wisdom comprehends full well that thou shalt not make an omelette
without breaking eggs.  God only wishes they were turkey eggs, so such moral
dilemmas shall be fewer in number in the future, when the generations a-coming
(hallelujah) won't have so many turkeys to deal with.  But God knows full well
that such things take time, and the turkeys are showing more resilience than
expected, and may be with us for a long time yet.


He who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish last.


I do enjoy a good long walk -- especially when my wife takes one.


It is the business of little minds to shrink.
		-- Carl Sandburg


LIKE:
	When being alive at the same time is a wonderful coincidence.


Boston, n.:
	Ludwig van Beethoven being jeered by 50,000 sports fans for
finishing second in the Irish jig competition.


Why can't you be a non-conformist like everyone else?


If a listener nods his head when you're
explaining your program, wake him up.


You've got to have a gimmick if your band sucks.
		-- Gary Giddens


Davis's Dictum:
	Problems that go away by themselves, come back by themselves.


Zall's Laws:
	1: Any time you get a mouthful of hot soup, the next thing you do
	   will be wrong.
	2: How long a minute is, depends on which side of the bathroom
	   door you're on.


Olmstead's Law:
	After all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done.


The husband was disturbed by his wife's indifferent attitude towards him
and the marriage counselor suggested he try being more aggressive in his
lovemaking.
	"Act more like a romantic lover and less like a bored spouse," he
was advised.  "When you go home, make love to her as soon as you meet --
even if it's right inside the front door."
	At the next consultation, the adviser was pleased to hear that the
husband had followed his instructions.  "And how did she react this time?"
the consultant asked.
	"Well, to tell you the truth," the husband replied, "she was still
sort of indifferent.  But one thing I've got to admit: her bridge club went
absolutely wild!"


Visit beautiful Wisconsin Dells.


Old King Cole
Was a merry old soul,
A merry old soul was he!
He called for his pipe,
And he called for his bowl,
And he fiddled with his call girls three!


Flugg's Law:
	When you need to knock on wood is when you realize
	that the world is composed of vinyl, naugahyde and aluminum.


There is no need to do any housework at all.  After the first four years
the dirt doesn't get any worse.
		-- Quentin Crisp


A boy can learn a lot from a dog: obedience, loyalty, and the importance
of turning around three times before lying down.
		-- Robert Benchley


A woman employs sincerity only when every other form of deception has failed.
		-- Scott


Masturbation is the thinking man's television.
		-- Christopher Hampton


If you continually give you will continually have.


COMMENT:
	A superfluous element of a source program included so the
	programmer can remember what the hell it was he was doing
	six months later.  Only the weak-minded need them, according
	to those who think they aren't.


If a child annoys you, quiet him by brushing his hair.  If this doesn't
work, use the other side of the brush on the other end of the child.


The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"


It takes a brave man to admit his mistakes.
Especially in a paternity hearing.


Behind every successful man you'll find a woman with nothing to wear.


Most people deserve each other.
		-- Shirley


Pickle's Law:
	If Congress must do a painful thing,
	the thing must be done in an odd-number year.


You see things; and you say "Why?"
But I dream things that never were; and I say "Why not?"
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "Back to Methuselah"
		   [No, it wasn't John F. Kennedy.  Ed.]


Disks travel in packs.


Many people are unenthusiastic about your work.


Youth is a disease from which we all recover.
		-- Dorothy Fuldheim


Job Placement, n.:
	Telling your boss what he can do with your job.


The star of riches is shining upon you.


...And have you ever noticed that you never see the Father, the Son, and
the Holy Ghost partying together at the same time?  Oh, sure, everybody
talks like they aren't the same person, but I wonder...


Things worth having are worth cheating for.


There is nothing more exhilarating than to be shot at without result.
		-- Winston Churchill


QOTD:
	I'm not bald -- I'm "hair challenged".

	[I thought that was "differently haired". Ed.]


You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.


He asked me if I knew what time it was -- I said yes, but not right now.
		-- Steven Wright


One man's brain plus one other will produce one half as many ideas as
one man would have produced alone.  These two plus two more will
produce half again as many ideas.  These four plus four more begin to
represent a creative meeting, and the ratio changes to one quarter as
many ...
		-- Anthony Chevins


Reality does not exist - yet.


She has an alarm clock and a phone that don't ring - they applaud.


No plain fanfold paper could hold that fractal Puff --
He grew so fast no plotting pack could shrink him far enough.
Compiles and simulations grew so quickly tame
And swapped out all their data space when Puff pushed his stack frame.
	(refrain)
Puff, he grew so quickly, while others moved like snails
And mini-Puffs would perch themselves on his gigantic tail.
All the student hackers loved that fractal Puff
But DCS did not like Puff, and finally said, "Enough!"
	(refrain)
Puff used more resources than DCS could spare.
The operator killed Puff's job -- he didn't seem to care.
A gloom fell on the hackers; it seemed to be the end,
But Puff trapped the exception, and grew from naught again!
	(refrain)
Refrain:
	Puff the fractal dragon was written in C,
	And frolicked while processes switched in mainframe memory.
	Puff the fractal dragon was written in C,
	And frolicked while processes switched in mainframe memory.


The major difference between bonds and bond traders is that the
bonds will eventually mature.


Bombeck's Rule of Medicine:
	Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.


Work expands to fill the time available.
		-- Cyril Northcote Parkinson, "The Economist", 1955


You can find sympathy, in the dictionary, right near shit and suicide.


Reporter, n.:
	A writer who guesses his way to the truth and dispels it with a
	tempest of words.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess is why
several of us died of tuberculosis.
		-- Jack Handey


Who's scruffy-looking?
		-- Han Solo


If God had intended Man to Smoke, He would have set him on Fire.


Not every problem someone has with his girlfriend is necessarily due to
the capitalist mode of production.
		-- Herbert Marcuse


Major Premise: Sixty men can do a piece of work sixty times as quickly
	as one man.

Minor Premise: One man can dig a posthole in sixty seconds.

Conclusion: Sixty men can dig a posthole in one second.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


No, his mind is not for rent
To any god or government.
Always hopeful, yet discontent,
He knows changes aren't permanent -
But change is.


The goal of science is to build better mousetraps.
The goal of nature is to build better mice.


Q:	How many IBM types does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Fifteen.  One to do it, and fourteen to write document number
	GC7500439-0001, Multitasking Incandescent Source System Facility,
	of which 10% of the pages state only "This page intentionally
	left blank", and 20% of the definitions are of the form "A:.....
	consists of sequences of non-blank characters separated by blanks".


"Lines that are parallel meet at Infinity!"
Euclid repeatedly, heatedly, urged.

Until he died, and so reached that vicinity:
in it he found that the damned things diverged.
		-- Piet Hein


Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Ether!  (ether who?)  Eather Bunny... Yea!
[chorus]
	Yeay!
	Stay on the Happy side, always on the happy side,
	Stay on the Happy side of life!
	Bum bum bum bum bum bum
	You will feel no pain, as we drive you insane,
	So Stay on the Happy Side of life!

Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Anna!  (anna who?)
	An another eather bunny... [chorus]
Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Stilla!  (stilla who?)
	Still another ether bunny... [chorus]
Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Yetta!  (yetta who?)
	Yet another ether bunny... [chorus]
Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Cargo!  (cargo who?)
	Cargo beep beep and run over eather bunny... [chorus]
Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Boo!  (boo who?)
	Don't Cry!  Eather bunny be back next year! [chorus]


And do you not think that each of you women is an Eve?  The judgment of God
upon your sex endures today; and with it invariably endures your position of
criminal at the bar of justice.
		-- Tertullian, second-century Christian writer


The Bird of Time has but a little way to fly ...
and the bird is on the wing.
		-- Omar Khayyam


As Rev. Spooner would say, you are a shining wit.


Legalize free-enterprise murder: why should governments have all the
fun?


Cohn's Law:
	The more time you spend in reporting on what you are doing, the less
	time you have to do anything.  Stability is achieved when you spend
	all your time reporting on the nothing you are doing.


	The young man took a blind date to the amusement park.  They went
for a ride on the Ferris wheel.  The ride completed, she seemed rather bored.
"What would you like to do next?" he asked.
	"I wanna get weighed," she said.  So he took her over to the weight
guesser.  Next they rode the roller coaster.  After that he bought her some
popcorn and cotton candy, then he asked what else she would like to do.
	"I wanna get weighed," she said, bluntly.
	I really latched onto a square one tonight, thought the boy, and
using the excuse that he had developed a headache, he took the girl home.
The girl's mother was surprised to see her home so early, and asked, "What's
wrong, dear, didn't you have a nice time tonight?"
	"Wousy," said the girl.


I'm in Pittsburgh.  Why am I here?
		-- Harold Urey, Nobel Laureate


Most people wouldn't know music if it came up and bit them on the ass.
		-- Frank Zappa


May all the boys you fall in love with fall in love with boys themselves.


A hard man is good to find.


Although written many years ago, Lady Chatterley's Lover has just been
reissued by the Grove Press, and this pictorial account of the day-to-day
life of an English gamekeeper is full of considerable interest to outdoor
minded readers, as it contains many passages on pheasant-raising, the
apprehending of poachers, ways to control vermin, and other chores and duties
of the professional gamekeeper.  Unfortunately, one is obliged to wade
through many pages of extraneous material in order to discover and savour
those sidelights on the management of a midland shooting estate, and in this
reviewer's opinion the book cannot take the place of J. R. Miller's "Practical
Gamekeeping."
		-- Ed Zern, "Field and Stream" (Nov. 1959)


Naturally the common people don't want war... but after all it is the leaders
of a country who determine the policy, and it is always a simple matter to
drag the people along, whether it is a democracy, or a fascist dictatorship,
or a parliament, or a communist dictatorship.  Voice or no voice, the people
can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders.  That is easy.  All you
have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists
for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger.  It works the same
in every country.
		-- Hermann Goering


The more things change, the more they remain the same.
		-- Alphonse Karr


In America, any boy may become president and I suppose that's just one
of the risks he takes.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


What luck for the rulers that men do not think.
		-- Adolf Hitler


It is the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree.


The most unfair thing about STDs (sexually transmitted diseases) is
that the guys who bought vasectomies have to wear condoms anyway.


To one large turkey add one gallon of vermouth and a demijohn of Angostura
bitters.  Shake.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald, recipe for turkey cocktail


Eat, drink, and be merry!  Tomorrow you may be in Utah.


You'll wish that you had done some of the
hard things when they were easier to do.


DALLAS:
	The city that chose Astroturf to
	keep the cheerleaders from grazing.


It is not true that life is one damn thing after another -- it is one
damn thing over and over.
		-- Edna St. Vincent Millay


Rejection, n.:
	When you're masturbating and your hand falls asleep.


Bipolar, adj.:
	Refers to someone who has homes in Nome, Alaska, and Buffalo,
New York


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #25:

Q:  You say you had three men punching at you, kicking you, raping you,
    and you didn't scream?
A:  No ma'am.
Q:  Does that mean you consented?
A:  No, ma'am.  That means I was unconscious.


Committee Rules:
	(1) Never arrive on time, or you will be stamped a beginner.
	(2) Don't say anything until the meeting is half over; this
	    stamps you as being wise.
	(3) Be as vague as possible; this prevents irritating the
	    others.
	(4) When in doubt, suggest that a subcommittee be appointed.
	(5) Be the first to move for adjournment; this will make you
	    popular -- it's what everyone is waiting for.


I tell ya, drugs never worked out for me.  The first time I tried smoking
pot I didn't know what I was doing.  I smoked half the joint, got the
munchies, and ate the other half.

Well, the first time I tried coke I was so embarrassed.  I kept getting the
bottle stuck up my nose.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


Q:	Why do elephants wear springs on their feet?
A:	So they can jump into trees and rape mice.

Q:	What is the most fearsome sound in the world to a mouse?
A:	BOING!!  BOING!!  BOING!!


Did you hear about the new sorority girl doll?
You put a ring on her finger and her hips expand.


Too much of a good thing is WONDERFUL.
		-- Mae West


All a hacker needs is a tight PUSHJ, a loose pair of UUOs, and a warm
place to shift.


You will gain money by an illegal action.


Snacktrek, n.:
	The peculiar habit, when searching for a snack, of constantly
	returning to the refrigerator in hopes that something new will
	have materialized.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Pascal, n.:
	A programming language named after a man who would turn over
	in his grave if he knew about it.
		-- Datamation, January 15, 1984


We should have a great many fewer disputes in the world if only words were
taken for what they are, the signs of our ideas only, and not for things
themselves.
		-- John Locke


Since I hurt my pendulum
My life is all erratic.
My parrot who was cordial
Is now transmitting static.
The carpet died, a palm collapsed,
The cat keeps doing poo.
The only thing that keeps me sane
Is talking to my shoe.
		-- My Shoe


The only thing cheaper than hardware is talk.


Vagina, n.:
	The box a penis comes in.


CANCER (June 21 - July 22)
	This is a good time for those of you who are rich and happy,
	but a poor time for those of you born under this sign who are
	poor and unhappy.  To tell you the truth, any day is tough
	when you're poor and unhappy.


