Do your part to help preserve life on
Earth -- by trying to preserve your own.


Established technology tends to persist in the face of new technology.
		-- G. Blaauw, one of the designers of System 360


If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you.


I believe in sex and death -- two experiences that come once in a lifetime.
		-- Woody Allen


There cannot be a crisis next week.  My schedule is already full.
		-- Henry Kissinger


	"Mind if I smoke?"
	"I don't care if you burst into flames and die!"


You will be married within a year.


If you find for your verse there's no call,
And you can't afford paper at all,
	For the true poet born,
	However forlorn,
There is always the lavat'ry wall.


God save us from a bad neighbor and a beginner on the fiddle.


Self-abuse is the most certain road to the grave.
		-- Dr. George M. Calhoun (1855)


Most rock journalism is people who can't write interviewing people who
can't talk for people who can't read.
		-- Frank Zappa


You can't have your cake and let your neighbor eat it too.
		-- Ayn Rand


Show respect for age.  Drink good Scotch for a change.


The price one pays for pursuing any profession, or calling, is an intimate
knowledge of its ugly side.
		-- James Baldwin


Many a wife thinks her husband is the world's greatest lover.
But she can never catch him at it.


As crazy as hauling timber into the woods.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


If the code and the comments disagree, then both are probably wrong.
		-- Norm Schryer


Q:	What goes
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
A:	Stevie Wonder doing the Rubik's Cube.


Q:	How many Democrats does it take to enjoy a good joke?
A:	One more than you can find.


Grelb's Reminder:
	Eighty percent of all people consider
	themselves to be above average drivers.


	Harry constantly irritated his friends with his eternal optimism.
No matter how bad the situation, he would always say, "Well, it could have
been worse."
	To cure him of his annoying habit, his friends decided to invent a
situation so completely black, so dreadful, that even Harry could find no
hope in it.  Approaching him at the club bar one day, one of them said,
"Harry!  Did you hear what happened to George?  He came home last night,
found his wife in bed with another man, shot them both, and then turned
the gun on himself!"
	"Terrible," said Harry.  "But it could have been worse."
	"How in hell," demanded his dumbfounded friend, "could it possibly
have been worse?"
	"Well," said Harry, "if it had happened the night before, I'd be
dead right now."


Believe everything you hear about the world; nothing is too
impossibly bad.
		-- Honore de Balzac


The only thing faster than the speed of light is shit flowing downhill.
		-- Mike O'Dell


Some programming languages manage to absorb change, but withstand
progress.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


When women love us, they forgive us everything, even our crimes;
when they do not love us, they give us credit for nothing, not
even our virtues.
		-- Honore de Balzac


Although golf was originally restricted to wealthy, overweight
Protestants, today it's open to anybody who owns hideous clothing.
		-- Dave Barry


"We're not talking about the same thing," he said. "For you the world is
weird because if you're not bored with it you're at odds with it. For me
the world is weird because it is stupendous, awesome, mysterious,
unfathomable; my interest has been to convince you that you must accept
responsibility for being here, in this marvelous world, in this marvelous
desert, in this marvelous time.  I wanted to convince you that you must
learn to make every act count, since you are going to be here for only a
short while, in fact, too short for witnessing all the marvels of it."
		-- Don Juan


You are a bundle of energy, always on the go.


You can do very well in speculation where
land or anything to do with dirt is concerned.


I wouldn't marry her with a ten foot pole.


You notice that after Ginzburg admitted he had tried marijuana everyone
got in line to admit it, too.  But you also notice they all said they
"experimented" with marijuana.  The didn't "use" it; they "experimented"
with it.  Let me tell you something -- Jonas Salk "experiments"; these
guys were getting stoned!
		-- Johnny Carson


To the systems programmer, users and applications serve only to provide
a test load.


Scott's second Law:
	When an error has been detected and corrected, it will be found
to have been wrong in the first place.

Corollary:
	After the correction has been found in error, it will be
impossible to fit the original quantity back into the equation.


Murder is always a mistake -- one should never do anything one cannot
talk about after dinner.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Picture of Dorian Gray"


VOLCANO:
	A mountain with hiccups.


Evolution is as much a fact as the earth turning on its axis and going around
the sun.  At one time this was called the Copernican theory; but, when
evidence for a theory becomes so overwhelming that no informed person can
doubt it, it is customary for scientists to call it a fact.  That all present
life descended from earlier forms, over vast stretches of geologic time, is
as firmly established as Copernican cosmology.  Biologists differ only with
respect to theories about how the process operates.
		-- Martin Gardner, "Irving Kristol and the Facts of Life"


Blessed are the meek for they shall inhibit the earth.


The algorithm for finding the longest path in a graph is NP-complete.
For you systems people, that means it's *real slow*.
		-- Bart Miller


You don't have to know how the computer
works, just how to work the computer.


There is plenty of time before progress goes too far.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


To err is human, two curs canine.
To err is human, to moo bovine.


Exercise caution in your daily affairs.


Everyone who comes in here wants three things:
	1. They want it quick.
	2. They want it good.
	3. They want it cheap.
I tell 'em to pick two and call me back.
		-- sign on the back wall of a small printing company


So many women, and so little time!


God help the troubadour who tries to be a star.  The more
that you try to find success, the more that you will fail.
		-- Phil Ochs, on the Second System Effect


Curiosity killed the cat, but satisfaction brought her back.


>>> Internal error in fortune program:
>>>	fnum=2987  n=45  flag=1  goose_level=-232323
>>> Please write down these values and notify fortune program administrator.


There's nothing like a girl with a plunging
neckline to keep a man on his toes.


When users see one GUI as beautiful,
other user interfaces become ugly.
When users see some programs as winners,
other programs become lossage.

Pointers and NULLs reference each other.
High level and assembler depend on each other.
Double and float cast to each other.
High-endian and low-endian define each other.
While and until follow each other.

Therefore the Guru
programs without doing anything
and teaches without saying anything.
Warnings arise and he lets them come;
processes are swapped and he lets them go.
He has but doesn't possess,
acts but doesn't expect.
When his work is done, he deletes it.
That is why it lasts forever.


If only is was as easy to banish hunger by rubbing the belly as it is to
masturbate.
		-- Diogenes the Cynic


STANDARDS:
	The principles we use to reject other people's code.


Cleveland still lives.  God _m_u_s_t be dead.


You have an unusual equipment for success.
Be sure to use it properly.


He that composes himself is wiser than he that composes a book.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


All the passions make us commit faults; love makes us commit the most
ridiculous ones.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


Show business is just like high school, except you get paid.
		-- Martin Mull


Hear that...
	bookstores will soon be stocking a volume called "The Unsensuous
	Census Taker".  It's about a guy who comes once every ten years?


Dyke, n.:
	A woman who kick-starts her vibrator.  And rolls her own
	tampons.


	"I thought you were trying to get into shape."
	"I am. The shape I've selected is a triangle."


Only great masters of style can succeed in being obtuse.
		-- Oscar Wilde

Most UNIX programmers are great masters of style.
		-- The Unnamed Usenetter


You say potatoe,
And I say potato.
You say tomatoe,
And I say tomato.
Potatoe, potato,
Tomatoe, tomato.
Let's go be the Vice President...


Youth is a disease from which we all recover.
		-- Dorothy Fuldheim


Hell hath no limits, nor is circumscribed in one self place,
for where we are is Hell, and where Hell is there must we ever be.
		-- Christopher Marlowe, "Doctor Faustus"


Working hard around here is like pissing on yourself in a dark suit;
you get a warm feeling but nobody notices.


Life is like a penis: when it's soft you can't beat it, and when it's
hard you get fucked.


Yes me, I got a bottle in front of me.
And Jimmy has a frontal lobotomy.
Just different ways to kill the pain the same.
But I'd rather have a bottle in front of me,
Than to have to have a frontal lobotomy.
I might be drunk but at least I'm not insane.
		-- Randy Ansley M.D. (Dr. Rock)


Inglish Spocken Hier: some mangled translations

	Sign on a cabin door of a Soviet Black Sea cruise liner:
		Helpsavering apparata in emergings behold many whistles!
		Associate the stringing apparata about the bosums and meet
		behind, flee then to the indifferent lifesaveringshippen
		obedicing the instructs of the vessel.

	On the door in a Belgrade hotel:
		Let us know about any unficiency as well as leaking on
		the service. Our utmost will improve it.

		-- Colin Bowles


Immanuel doesn't pun, he Kant.


What is comedy?  Comedy is the art of making people laugh without making
them puke.
		-- Steve Martin


It is not enough that I should succeed.  Others must fail.
		-- Ray Kroc, founder of McDonald's
		   [Also attributed to David Merrick.  Ed.]

It is not enough to succeed.  Others must fail.
		-- Gore Vidal
		   [Great minds think alike?  Ed.]


The king arranged a regal marriage for his daughter -- a bond that would unite
two great kingdoms.  Yet, because the young couple seemed so formal to each
other, he posted a spy outside the royal wedding chamber and demanded a full
account of the wedding night's progress.
	"It's hard to tell," said the spy the next morning. "When the prince
entered the chamber, I heard the princess say, quite formally, 'I offer you my
honor.'  Then the prince said, with equal courtliness, 'I honor your offer.'
And that's the way it went all night long -- honor, offer, honor, offer.


Brogan's Constant:
	People tend to congregate in the back
	of the church and the front of the bus.


Official Project Stages:
	1. Uncritical Acceptance
	2. Wild Enthusiasm
	3. Dejected Disillusionment
	4. Total Confusion
	5. Search for the Guilty
	6. Punishment of the Innocent
	7. Promotion of the Non-participants


May you die in bed at 95, shot by a jealous spouse.


If girls are all sugar and spice, why do they taste like anchovies?


When two people are under the influence of the most violent, most
insane, most delusive, and most transient of passions, they are
required to swear that they will remain in that excited, abnormal, and
exhausting condition continuously until death do them part.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Lonesome?

Like a change?
Like a new job?
Like excitement?
Like to meet new and interesting people?

JUST SCREW-UP ONE MORE TIME!!!!!!!


One day an elderly Jewish Pole, living in Warsaw, finds an old lamp in his
attic.  He starts to polish it and (poof!) a genie appears in a cloud of
smoke.
	"Greetings, Mortal!" exclaims the genie, stretching and yawning, "For
releasing me I will grant you three wishes."
	The old man thinks for a moment, then replies, "I want Genghis Khan
resurrected.  I want him to re-unite the Mongol hordes, march to the Polish
border, decide he doesn't want to invade, and march back home."
	"No sooner said than done!" thunders the genie.  "Your second wish?"
	"Hmmmm.  I want Genghis Khan resurrected.  I want him to re-unite the
Mongol hordes, march to the Polish border, decide he doesn't want to invade,
and march back home."
	"But...  well, all right!  Your third wish?"
	"I want Genghis Khan resurrected.  I want him to re-unite his ---"
	"OKOKOKOK!  Right.  Got it.  Why do you want Genghis Khan to march
to Poland three times and never invade?"
	The old man smiles.  "He has to pass through Russia six times."


Any girl who believes that the way to a man's heart is through
his stomach is obviously setting her standards too high.


Objectivity is to a newspaper what virtue is to a woman.
		-- Joseph Pulitzer


The means-and-ends moralists, or non-doers,
always end up on their ends without any means.
		-- Saul Alinsky


If you can read this, you're too close.


If there were a school for, say, sheet metal workers, that after three
years left its graduates as unprepared for their careers as does law
school, it would be closed down in a minute, and no doubt by lawyers.
		-- Michael Levin, "The Socratic Method


Air is water with holes in it.


I think your opinions are reasonable,
except for the one about my mental instability.
		-- Psychology Professor, Fairfield University


Washington, D.C: Fifty square miles almost completely surrounded by reality.


Leveraging always beats prototyping.


The more crap you put up with, the more crap you are going to get.


Spock: We suffered 23 casualties in that attack, Captain.


If you wish to succeed, consult three old people.


If a man stay away from his wife for seven years, the law presumes the
separation to have killed him; yet according to our daily experience,
it might well prolong his life.
		-- Charles Darling, "Scintillae Juris, 1877


The difference between this place and yogurt
is that yogurt has a live culture.


Nine-track tapes and seven-track tapes
And tapes without any tracks;
Stretchy tapes and snarley tapes
And tapes mixed up on the racks --
	Take hold of the tape
	And pull off the strip,
	And then you'll be sure
	Your tape drive will skip.

		-- Uncle Colonel's Cursory Rhymes


Reliable source, n.:
	The guy you just met.


An avocado-tone refrigerator would look good on your resume.


Once upon a time, when I was training to be a mathematician, a group of
us bright young students taking number theory discovered the names of the
smaller prime numbers.

2:  The Odd Prime --
	It's the only even prime, therefore is odd.  QED.
3:  The True Prime --
	Lewis Carroll: "If I tell you 3 times, it's true."
31: The Arbitrary Prime --
	Determined by unanimous unvote.  We needed an arbitrary prime in
	case the prof asked for one, and so had an election.  91 received
	the most votes (well, it *looks* prime) and 3+4i the next most.
	However, 31 was the only candidate to receive none at all.
41: The Female Prime --
	The polynomial X**2 - X + 41 is
	prime for integer values from 1 to 40.
43: The Male Prime - they form a prime pair.

Since the composite numbers are formed from primes, their qualities
are derived from those primes.  So, for instance, the number 6 is "odd
but true", while the powers of 2 are all extremely odd numbers.


Blow it out your ass!


FORTRAN is the language of Powerful Computers.
		-- Steven Feiner


Let us go, through certain half-deserted streets,
The muttering retreats
Of restless nights in one-night cheap hotels
And sawdust restaurants with oyster-shells:
Streets that follow like a tedious argument
Of insidious intent
To lead you to an overwhelming question...
Oh, do not ask, "What is it?"
		-- T. S. Eliot, "Love song of J. Alfred Prufrock"


The meta-Turing test counts a thing as intelligent if it seeks to
devise and apply Turing tests to objects of its own creation.
		-- Lew Mammel, Jr.


Age before beauty; and pearls before swine.
		-- Dorothy Parker


