You can't get there from here.


The gent who wakes up and finds himself a success hasn't been asleep.


Love at first sight is one of the greatest
labor-saving devices the world has ever seen.


1.79 x 10^12 furlongs per fortnight -- it's not just a good idea, it's
the law!


This guy runs into his house and yells to his wife, "Kathy, pack up your
bags!  I just won the California lottery!"
	"Honey!", Kathy exclaims, "Shall I pack for warm weather or cold?"
	"I don't care," responds the husband. "just so long as you're out
of the house by dinner!"


Painting, n.:
	The art of protecting flat surfaces from the weather, and
	exposing them to the critic.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Rugby, n.:
	A sport requiring leather balls.


You see, I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty
attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose.  A fool
takes in all the lumber of every sort he comes across, so that the knowledge
which might be useful to him gets crowded out, or at best is jumbled up with
a lot of other things, so that he has difficulty in laying his hands upon it.
Now the skillful workman is very careful indeed as to what he takes into his
brain-attic.  He will have nothing but the tools which may help him in doing
his work, but of these he has a large assortment, and all in the most perfect
order.  It is a mistake to think that that little room has elastic walls and
can distend to any extent.  Depend upon it there comes a time when for every
addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before.  It is of
the highest importance, therefore, not to have useless facts elbowing out
the useful ones.
		-- Sherlock Holmes


All of us should treasure his Oriental wisdom and his preaching of a
Zen-like detachment, as exemplified by his constant reminder to clerks,
tellers, or others who grew excited by his presence in their banks:
"Just lie down on the floor and keep calm."
		-- Robert Wilson, "John Dillinger Died for You"


Q:	How many existentialists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	Two.  One to screw it in and one to observe how the lightbulb
	itself symbolizes a single incandescent beacon of subjective
	reality in a netherworld of endless absurdity reaching out toward a
	maudlin cosmos of nothingness.


When the leaders speak of peace
The common folk know
That war is coming
When the leaders curse war
The mobilization order is already written out.

Every day, to earn my daily bread
I go to the market where lies are bought
Hopefully
I take my place among the sellers.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "Hollywood"


If today is the first day of the rest of your life, what the hell was
yesterday?


QOTD:
	"Money isn't everything, but at least it keeps the kids in touch."


They use different words for things in America.
For instance they say elevator and we say lift.
They say drapes and we say curtains.
They say president and we say brain damaged git.
		-- Alexie Sayle


Hear about...
	the absent-minded exhibitionist who was arrested for exposing
	his whatchamacalit?


Don't say "yes" until I finish talking.
		-- Darryl F. Zanuck


Asked how she felt being the first woman to make a major-league team, she
said, "Like a pig in mud," or words to that effect, and then turned and
released a squirt of tobacco juice from the wad of rum soaked plug in her
right cheek.  She chewed a rare brand of plug called Stuff It, which she
learned to chew when she was playing Nicaraguan summer ball.  She told the
writers, "They were so mean to me down there you couldn't write it in your
newspaper.  I took a gun everywhere I went, even to bed.  *Especially* to
bed.  Guys were after me like you can't believe.  That's when I started
chewing tobacco -- because no matter how bad anybody treats you, it's not
as bad as this.  This is the worst chew in the world.  After this,
everything else is peaches and cream."  The writers elected Gentleman Jim,
the Sparrow's P.R. guy, to bite off a chunk and tell them how it tasted,
and as he sat and chewed it tears ran down his old sunburnt cheeks and he
couldn't talk for a while. Then he whispered, "You've been chewing this for
two years?  God, I had no idea it was so hard to be a woman."
		-- Garrison Keillor


A bachelor never quite gets over the idea that he is a thing of beauty
and a boy for ever.
		-- Helen Rowland


Who dat who say "who dat" when I say "who dat"?
		-- Hattie McDaniel


	A Scotsman was strolling across High Street one day wearing his kilt.
As he neared the far curb, he noticed two young blondes in a red convertible
eyeing him and giggling.  One of them called out, "Hey, Scotty!  What's worn
under the kilt?"
	He strolled over to the side of the car and asked, "Ach, lass, are you
SURE you want to know?"  Somewhat nervously, the blonde replied yes, she did
really want to know.
	The Scotsman leaned closer and confided, "Why, lass, nothing's worn
under the kilt, everything's in perfect workin' order!"


What did Mickey Mouse get for Christmas?
A Dan Quayle watch.


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL:		#44
	Zebra's are colored with dark stripes on a light background.


Tip of the Day:
	Never fry bacon in the nude.


I love dogs, but I hate Chihuahuas.  A Chihuahua isn't a dog.
It's a rat with a thyroid problem.


A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a unicorn.


Genealogy, n.:
	An account of one's descent from an ancestor
	who did not particularly care to trace his own.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Jesus died for your sins.  Make it worth his time.


Iowa State -- the high school after high school!
		-- Crow T. Robot


Your lucky number is 3552664958674928.
Watch for it everywhere.


Time will end all my troubles,
but I don't always approve of Time's methods.


A widow is more sought after than an old maid of the same age.
		-- Addison


Year  Name				James Bond	Book
----  --------------------------------	--------------	----
50's  James Bond TV Series		Barry Nelson
1962  Dr. No				Sean Connery	1958
1963  From Russia With Love		Sean Connery	1957
1964  Goldfinger			Sean Connery	1959
1965  Thunderball			Sean Connery	1961
1967* Casino Royale			David Niven	1954
1967  You Only Live Twice		Sean Connery	1964
1969  On Her Majesty's Secret Service	George Lazenby	1963
1971  Diamonds Are Forever		Sean Connery	1956
1973  Live And Let Die			Roger Moore	1955
1974  The Man With The Golden Gun	Roger Moore	1965
1977  The Spy Who Loved Me		Roger Moore	1962 (novelette)
1979  Moonraker				Roger Moore	1955
1981  For Your Eyes Only		Roger Moore	1960 (novelette)
1983  Octopussy				Roger Moore	1965
1983* Never Say Never Again		Sean Connery
1985  A View To A Kill			Roger Moore	1960 (novelette)
1987  The Living Daylights		Timothy Dalton	1965 (novelette)
	* -- Not a Broccoli production


Is there life before breakfast?


The weather is here, I wish you were beautiful.
My thoughts aren't too clear, but don't run away.
My girlfriend's a bore; my job is too dutiful.
Hell nobody's perfect, would you like to play?
I feel together today!
		-- Jimmy Buffet, "Coconut Telegraph"


Life is a shit sandwich, and every day you get to take another bite.
It's just that some days are TWO BITE days ...


In any problem, if you find yourself doing an infinite amount of work,
the answer may be obtained by inspection.


I like myself, but I won't say I'm as handsome as the bull
that kidnaped Europa.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero


Science is to computer science as hydrodynamics is to plumbing.


One thing the inventors can't seem to
get the bugs out of is fresh paint.


A definition of teaching: casting fake pearls before real swine.
		-- Bill Cain, "Stand Up Tragedy"


Snow and adolescence are the only problems
that disappear if you ignore them long enough.


QOTD:
	"Her other car is a broom."


Quigley's Law:
	Whoever has any authority over you,
	no matter how small, will attempt to use it.


Truth can wait; he's used to it.


I love this fucking University, and this University loves fucking me.


It matters not whether you win or lose; what matters is whether *I* win
or lose.
		-- Darrin Weinberg


Five people -- an Englishman, Russian, American, Frenchman and Irishman
were each asked to write a book on elephants.  Some amount of time later they
had all completed their respective books.  The Englishman's book was entitled
"The Elephant -- How to Collect Them", the Russian's "The Elephant -- Vol. I",
the American's "The Elephant -- How to Make Money from Them", the Frenchman's
"The Elephant -- Its Mating Habits" and the Irishman's "The Elephant and
Irish Political History".


Obscene?  Obscene is young men being trained to drop fire on people, but
their commanders not allowing them to write "fuck" on their airplanes
because it's obscene.


Misfortunes arrive on wings and leave on foot.


If all the world's economists were laid end to end,
we wouldn't reach a conclusion.
		-- William Baumol


Youth is when you blame all your troubles on your parents; maturity is
when you learn that everything is the fault of the younger generation.


When the revolution comes, count your change.


Any woman is a volume if one knows how to read her.


	Sixtus V, Pope from 1585 to 1590 authorized a printing of the
Vulgate Bible.  Taking no chances, the pope issued a papal bull
automatically excommunicating any printer who might make an alteration
in the text.  This he ordered printed at the beginning of the Bible.
He personally examined every sheet as it came off the press.  Yet the
published Vulgate Bible contained so many errors that corrected scraps
had to be printed and pasted over them in every copy.  The result
provoked wry comments on the rather patchy papal infallibility, and
Pope Sixtus had no recourse but to order the return and destruction of
every copy.


Anyone who describes Islam as a religion as intolerant encourages violence.
		-- Tasnim Aslam, Spokesman for Pakistani Foreign Ministry


I must get out of these wet clothes and into a dry Martini.
		-- Alexander Woollcott


I had a virgin once.  I had to go to Florida for her.  She was twelve
years old, blind in one eye, and carried a stuffed alligator labeled
"Made in Taiwan".
		-- The Stunt Man


Everyone can be taught to sculpt: Michelangelo would have had
to be taught how not to.  So it is with the great programmers.


Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear -- not absence of fear.
		-- Mark Twain


The way to a man's heart is through the left ventricle.


Take everything in stride.
Trample anyone who gets in your way.


Birth, n.:
	The first and direst of all disasters.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Having a baby isn't so bad.  If you're a female Emperor penguin
in the Antarctic.  She lays the egg, rolls it over to the father,
then takes off for warmer weather where she eats and eats and
eats.  For two months, the father stands stiff, without food,
blind in the 24-hour dark, balancing the egg on his feet.  After
the little penguin is hatched, the mother sees fit to come home.
		-- L. M. Boyd, "Austin American-Statesman"


People are unconditionally guaranteed to be full of defects.


Man is the only animal that blushes -- or needs to.
		-- Mark Twain


Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation...  The other eight are
unimportant.
		-- Henry Miller


All progress is based upon a universal innate desire of every organism
to live beyond its income.
		-- Samuel Butler, "Notebooks"


A wizard cannot do everything; a fact most magicians are reticent to admit,
let alone discuss with prospective clients.  Still, the fact remains that
there are certain objects, and people, that are, for one reason or another,
completely immune to any direct magical spell.  It is for this group of
beings that the magician learns the subtleties of using indirect spells.
It also does no harm, in dealing with these matters, to carry a large club
near your person at all times.
		-- The Teachings of Ebenezum, Volume VIII


Many people are secretly interested in life.


I'd love to go out with you, but the last time I went out, I never
came back.


Many years ago in a period commonly known as Next Friday Afternoon,
there lived a King who was very Gloomy on Tuesday mornings because he
was so Sad thinking about how Unhappy he had been on Monday and how
completely Mournful he would be on Wednesday ...
		-- Walt Kelly


A bachelor is an unaltared male.


How can you say that the world isn't
Jewish, when the sun's real name is Sol?


We rarely find anyone who can say he has lived a happy life, and who,
content with his life, can retire from the world like a satisfied guest.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Stress has been pinpointed as a major cause of illness.  To avoid overload
and burnout, keep stress out of your life.  Give it to others instead.  Learn
the "Gaslight" treatment, the "Are you talking to me?" technique, and the
"Do you feel okay?  You look pale." approach.  Start with negotiation and
implication.  Advance to manipulation and humiliation.  Above all, relax
and have a nice day.


The advantage of being celibate is that when one sees a pretty girl one
does not need to grieve over having an ugly one back home.
		-- Paul Leautaud, "Propos dun jour"


It isn't whether you win or lose, it's how much money you end up with.
		-- Jack T. Shakespeare


Security check: INTRUDER ALERT!


All I want is a warm bed and a kind word and unlimited power.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


What soon grows old?  Gratitude.
		-- Aristotle


	Shortly after Churchill had grown a moustache, he was accosted by a
certain young lady whose political views were in direct opposition to his
own.  Fancying herself something of a wag, she exclaimed, "Mr. Churchill, I
care for neither your politics nor your moustache."  Unabashed, the young
statesman regarded her quietly for a moment, then wryly commented, "Suck my
dick."
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


There's just something I don't like about Virginia; the state.


The Reverend Henry Ward Beecher
Called a hen a most elegant creature.
	The hen, pleased with that,
	Laid an egg in his hat --
And thus did the hen reward Beecher.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


UNIX is hot.  It's more than hot.  It's steaming.  It's quicksilver
lightning with a laserbeam kicker.
		-- Michael Jay Tucker


	A ten-year-old kid came home from school one day, and when his mom
asked how was school he says: "Gee, great, mom.  I got laid!"
	She's shocked and sends him upstairs, where his dad finds him after
work.  "Mommy told me about your day at school, Billy, and I think we men
should keep it a secret.  Women just don't understand these things."
	So every night Dad goes up to Billy's room after Mom tucks him in:
"You get laid today, Billy?"
	"Yeah, Dad."
	"How was it?"
	"Real neat, Dad, I liked it a lot."
	"Good Boy!".
	A month later: "You get laid today?"
	"No, Dad."
	"No?  How come?"
	"Gee, Dad, my ass is getting really sore."


Performance:
	A statement of the speed at which a computer system works.  Or
	rather, might work under certain circumstances.  Or was rumored
	to be working over in Jersey about a month ago.


QOTD:
	"I met her [his fiance] over lunch on Thursday.  She had a firm
	grip.  He's a lucky man."


In the Top 40, half the songs are secret messages to the teen world to drop
out, turn on, and groove with the chemicals and light shows at discotheques.
		-- Art Linkletter


Give your very best today.
Heaven knows it's little enough.


Woody: How are you feeling today, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Poor.
Woody: Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
Norm:  No, I meant `pour'.
		-- Cheers, Strange Bedfellows, Part 3

Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what's the story?
Norm:  Boy meets beer.  Boy drinks beer.  Boy gets another beer.
		-- Cheers, The Proposal

Paul:  Hey Norm, how's the world been treating you?
Norm:  Like a baby treats a diaper.
		-- Cheers, Tan 'n Wash


"Ah, you know the type.  They like to blame it all on the Jews or the
Blacks, 'cause if they couldn't, they'd have to wake up to the fact
that life's one big, scary, glorious, complex and ultimately
unfathomable crapshoot -- and the only reason THEY can't seem to keep
up is they're a bunch of misfits and losers."
		-- An analysis of Neo-Nazis, from "The Badger" comic


Q:	How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Two, one to hold the giraffe, and the other to fill the bathtub
	with brightly colored machine tools.

	[Surrealist jokes just aren't my cup of fur.  Ed.]


Don't you feel more like you do now than you did when you came in?


A boy can learn a lot from a dog: obedience, loyalty, and the importance
of turning around three times before lying down.
		-- Robert Benchley


				FROM THE DESK OF
				Rapunzel

Dear Prince:

	Use ladder tonight --
	you're splitting my ends.


Justice always prevails ... three times out of seven!
		-- Michael J. Wagner


A Southern boy graduates from high school heads north to college, taking the
family dog, Old Blue with him, for company.  He's only been there a few weeks
when he gets a call from his girlfriend; seems like they've got a problem,
and she needs a thousand dollars to take care of it.  The boy calls his folks:
	"How are you?" they ask.
	"Oh, I'm fine," he says.
	"And how," they ask, "is Old Blue?"
	"Well, he's kind of depressed.  You see, there's this lady up here
that teaches dogs to talk, and Ol' Blue is feelin' kind of left out 'cause
he's the only dog that doesn't know how to talk.  She charges a thousand
dollars."
	The parents send the boy the thousand dollars, he forwards it to Mary
Lou, and everything's fine until Christmas vacation.  The boy leaves Ol' Blue
at his dorm, 'cause he just can't figure out what to tell his parents.  Sure
enough, when he gets home, the first thing his father wants to know is
"Where's Old Blue?"
	"Well, Pa," says the boy.  "I was driving on home and Old Blue was
talking away about this and that when we passed the Buford's farm.  Old Blue,
well, he said, `Say, what do you think your mother would do if I told her
that your father's been comin' over here and seeing Mrs. Buford all these
years?'"
	The father looks at his son -- "You shot that dog, didn't you, boy?"


The last vestiges of the old Republic have been swept away.
		-- Governor Tarkin


I'd like to meet the guy who invented beer and see what he's working on now.


In Corning, Iowa, it's a misdemeanor for a man to ask his wife to ride
in any motor vehicle.


Some men are so macho they'll get you pregnant just to kill a rabbit.
		-- Maureen Murphy


Many are called, few are chosen.
Fewer still get to do the choosing.


HELP!  MY TYPEWRITER IS BROKEN!
		-- E. E. CUMMINGS


War doesn't prove who's right, just who's left.


I hate babies.  They're so human.
		-- H. H. Munro


Do clones have navels?


When you and I are far apart
Can sorrow break your tender heart?
I love you darling, yes I do;
Sleep is so sweet when I dream of you;
All you are is a blossoming rose.
Night is here so I must close.
With care read the first word of each line.
You will find a question of mine.
		-- Yours hopefully, The VAX


We've tried each spinning space mote
And reckoned its true worth:
Take us back again to the homes of men
On the cool, green hills of Earth.

The arching sky is calling
Spacemen back to their trade.
All hands!  Standby!  Free falling!
And the lights below us fade.
Out ride the sons of Terra,
Far drives the thundering jet,
Up leaps the race of Earthmen,
Out, far, and onward yet--

We pray for one last landing
On the globe that gave us birth;
Let us rest our eyes on the fleecy skies
And the cool, green hills of Earth.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein, 1941


She was only:
	a coal digger's daughter, but she'll always be mine.
	a statistician's daughter, but she knew all the standard deviations.
	a wrestler's daughter, but you should have seen her box.
	a moonshiner's daughter, but I loved her still.
	a chimney sweep's daughter, but she sure knew how to haul ash.
	a fireman's daughter, but her face was a cause for alarm.
	a banker's daughter, but she opened her drawers for cash.


Under the wide and heavy VAX
Dig my grave and let me relax
Long have I lived, and many my hacks
And I lay me down with a will.
These be the words that tell the way:
"Here he lies who piped 64K,
Brought down the machine for nearly a day,
And Rogue playing to an awful standstill."


In bed Dr. Oscar McPugh
Spoke of Spengler -- and ate crackers too.
	His wife said, "Oh, stuff
	That philosophy guff
Up your ass, dear, and throw me a screw!"


Just as I cannot remember any time when I could not read and write, I
cannot remember any time when I did not exercise my imagination in
daydreams about women.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Oh Father, my Father, Oh what must I do?
They're burning our streets and beating me blue.
"Listen my son, I'll tell you the truth:
Get a close haircut and spit-shine your shoes."

Oh Mother, my Mother, my confusions remove,
I long to embrace her whose hair is so smooth.
"Now listen my son, although you're confused,
Cut your hair close and shine all your shoes."

Oh Teacher, my Teacher, your life with me share.
What books ought I read?  What thoughts do I dare?
"Oh Student, my Student, of dissent you beware.
Shine those dull shoes and cut short your hair."

Oh Preacher, my Preacher, does God really care?
Are all races equal?  Are laws just and fair?
"Boy -- here's the answer, no need to despair:
Shine those new shoes and cut short that hair."


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #17

	"This bud of love, by summer's ripening breath,
	May prove a beauteous flower when next we meet."
	Juliet, this bud's for you.


PROMOTION FROM WITHIN:
	A system of moving incompetents up to the policy-making
	level where they can't foul up operations.


If you're going to break up with your old lady and you live in a small
town, make sure you don't break up at three in the morning.  Because you're
screwed -- there's nothing to do ... So make it about nine in the morning,
... bullshit around, worry her a little, then come back at seven in the
night.
		-- Lenny Bruce


	"You mean, if you allow the master to be uncivil, to treat you
any old way he likes, and to insult your dignity, then he may deem you
fit to hear his view of things?"
	"Quite the contrary.  You must defend your integrity, assuming
you have integrity to defend.  But you must defend it nobly, not by
imitating his own low behavior.  If you are gentle where he is rough,
if you are polite where he is uncouth, then he will recognize you as
potentially worthy.  If he does not, then he is not a master, after all,
and you may feel free to kick his ass."
		-- Tom Robbins, "Jitterbug Perfume"


Real buddy, n.:
	Someone who'll go downtown and get two blowjobs, and come back
	and give you one.


Every man takes the limits of his own field
of vision for the limits of the world.
		-- Schopenhauer


It is better to kiss an avocado than to get in a fight with an aardvark.


To whom the mornings are like nights,
What must the midnights be!
		-- Emily Dickinson (on hacking?)


Bureau Termination, Law of:
	When a government bureau is scheduled to be phased out,
	the number of employees in that bureau will double within
	12 months after the decision is made.


The most pressing issue facing women today is finding a contraceptive
jelly that smells like a fresh fruit salad.


Look!  Before our very eyes, the future is becoming the past.


What this country needs is a dime that will buy a good five-cent bagel.


It is a profitable thing, if one is wise, to seem foolish.
		-- Aeschylus


Apathy is not the problem, it's the solution.


I have to convince you, or at least snow you ...
		-- Prof. Romas Aleliunas, CS 435


Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it.
		-- Marvin, from
		   Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


He's dead, Jim.


If you don't go to other men's funerals they won't go to yours.
		-- Clarence Day


A great nation is any mob of people which produces at least one honest
man a century.


	Work Hard.
	Rock Hard.
	Eat Hard.
	Sleep Hard.
	Grow Big.
	Wear Glasses If You Need 'Em.
		-- The Webb Wilder Credo


Man who dance in crowded ballroom
dance cheek to cheek with woman behind him.


The government [is] extremely fond of amassing great quantities of statistics.
These are raised to the nth degree, the cube roots are extracted, and the
results are arranged into elaborate and impressive displays.  What must be
kept ever in mind, however, is that in every case, the figures are first
put down by a village watchman, and he puts down anything he damn well
pleases.
		-- Sir Josiah Stamp


Congratulations!  You are the one-millionth user to log into our system.
If there's anything special we can do for you, anything at all, don't
hesitate to ask!


The more crap you put up with, the more crap you are going to get.


Illusion is the first of all pleasures.
		-- Voltaire


A city is a large community where people are lonesome together.
		-- Herbert Prochnow


There will always be beer cans rolling on the floor of your car when
the boss asks for a lift home from the office.


My idea of a wild party is where you throw the girls' panties at the wall
and they stick.
		-- Johnny Bob


The final delusion is the belief that one has lost all delusions.
		-- Maurice Chapelain, "Main courante"


Support your local Search and Rescue unit -- get lost.


Perilous to all of us are the devices of
an art deeper than we ourselves possess.
		-- Gandalf the Grey


I don't even butter my bread.  I consider that cooking.
		-- Katherine Cebrian


Some men are so macho they'll get you pregnant just to kill a rabbit.
		-- Maureen Murphy


Why not have an old-fashioned Christmas for your family this year?
Just picture the scene in your living room on Christmas morning as your
children open their old-fashioned presents.

Your 11-year-old son: "What the heck is this?"

You:	"A spinning top!  You spin it around, and then eventually it
	falls down.  What fun!  Ha, ha!"

Son:	"Is this a joke?  Jason Thompson's parents got him a computer
	with two disk drives and 128 kilobytes of random-access memory,
	and I get this cretin TOP?"

Your 8-year-old daughter: "You think that's bad?  Look at this."

You:	"It's figgy pudding!  What a treat!"

Daughter: "It looks like goat barf."
		-- Dave Barry, "Simple, Homespun Gifts"


This is a test of the emergency cunnilingus system. If this had been an
actual emergency, you would have known it!


