If someone were to ask me for a short cut to sensuality, I would
suggest he go shopping for a used 427 Shelby-Cobra.  But it is only
fair to warn you that of the 300 guys who switched to them in 1966,
only two went back to women.
		-- Mort Sahl


The skater, Barbara Ann Scott
Is so fuckingly "winsome" a snot,
	That when posed on her toes
	She elaborately shows
Teeth, fat ass, titties and twat.


C, n.:
	A programming language that is sort of like Pascal except more like
	assembly except that it isn't very much like either one, or anything
	else.  It is either the best language available to the art today, or
	it isn't.
		-- Ray Simard


VMS is like a nightmare about RSX-11M.


In a bottle, the neck is always at the top.


There is no comfort without pain; thus
we define salvation through suffering.
		-- Cato


To err is human, two curs canine.
To err is human, to moo bovine.


Once upon a time there was a sperm named Stanley.  He'd do pushups and
somersaults and limber up all the time, while the other sperm just lay around
on their fat asses not doing a thing.  One day, one of them became curious
enough to ask Stanley why he exercised all day.  Stanley said,
	"Look, only one sperm gets a woman pregnant and when the right
time comes, I am going to be that one."
A few days later, the all felt themselves getting hotter and hotter, and they
knew that it was getting to be their time to go.  They were released abruptly
and, sure enough, there was Stanley swimming far ahead of all the others.
All of a sudden, Stanley stopped, turned around, and began to swim back with
all his might.
	"Go back! Go back!" he screamed.  "It's a blow job!"


Heard tell that the Iron Magnolia wanted to divorce ol' Jimmy.
Seems he's screwing everyone but her.


Ten of the meanest cons in the state pen met in the corner of the yard to
shoot some craps.  The stakes were enormous, the tension palpable.
	When his turn came to shoot, Dutsky nervously plunked down his
entire wad, shook the dice and rolled.  A smile crossed his face as a
seven showed up, but it quickly changed to horror as third die slipped out
of his sleeve and fell to the ground with the two others.  No one said a
word.  Finally, Killer Lucci picked up the third die, put it in his pocket
and handed the others to Dutsky.
	"Roll 'em," Lucci said.  "Your point is thirteen."


Admiration, n.:
	Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Being frustrated is disagreeable, but the real
disasters in life begin when you get what you want.


Just because everything is different doesn't mean anything has changed.
		-- Irene Peter


There are two ways of constructing a software design: One way is to
make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies, and the
other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious
deficiencies.
		-- C. A. R. Hoare


Bozo is the Brotherhood of Zips and Others.  Bozos are people who band
together for fun and profit.  They have no jobs.  Anybody who goes on a
tour is a Bozo. Why does a Bozo cross the street?  Because there's a Bozo
on the other side. It comes from the phrase vos otros, meaning others.
They're the huge, fat, middle waist.  The archetype is an Irish drunk
clown with red hair and nose, and pale skin.  Fields, William Bendix.
Everybody tends to drift toward Bozoness.  It has Oz in it.  They mean
well.  They're straight-looking except they've got inflatable shoes.  They
like their comforts.  The Bozos have learned to enjoy their free time,
which is all the time.
		-- The Firesign Theatre, "If Bees Lived Inside Your Head"


Progress was all right.  Only it went on too long.
		-- James Thurber


Damn, I need a Coke!
		-- Dr. William DeVries
		   [after implanting the first artificial human heart]


Clone, n.:
	1. An exact duplicate, as in "our product is a clone of their
	product."  2. A shoddy, spurious copy, as in "their product
	is a clone of our product."


Welcome to Fortune Blackmail!!
	This is the first of a series of revelations which could
	add up to a divorce, premature retirement and possible
	criminal proceedings for a company vice-president in Langley Virginia.
	So, Mr. S*****, $10,000 please to stop us from revealing:
		1: Whose shoulders you were sitting on.
		2: What you were doing.
		3: The names of the three people involved.
		4: The youth organization to which they belonged.
		5: The shop where you bought the equipment.


Lots of girls can be had for a song.
Unfortunately, it often turns out to be the wedding march.


The moyel who treated young Alec
Was cross-eyed and hydrocephalic.
	Presented the child
	His aim was so wild
He rendered the poor boy biphallic.


Virginia law forbids bathtubs in the house; tubs must be kept in the
yard.


So, good night, you moonlit ladies,
Rock-a-bye sweet baby James.
Deep greens and blues are the colors I choose,
Won't you let me go down in my dreams?
And rock-a-bye sweet baby James.
		-- James Taylor, "Rock-a-bye Sweet Baby James"


The door is the key.


Life is like a cucumber -- one moment it's
in your hand, the next it's up your ass.


I never did give anybody hell.  I just told the truth and they thought
it was hell.
		-- Harry S. Truman


Extract from Official Sweepstakes Rules:

		NO PURCHASE REQUIRED TO CLAIM YOUR PRIZE

To claim your prize without purchase, do the following: (a) Carefully
cut out your computer-printed name and address from upper right hand
corner of the Prize Claim Form. (b) Affix computer-printed name and
address -- with glue or cellophane tape (no staples or paper clips) --
to a 3x5 inch index card.  (c) Also cut out the "No" paragraph (lower
left hand corner of Prize Claim Form) and affix it to the 3x5 card
below your address label. (d) Then print on your 3x5 card, above your
computer-printed name and address the words "CARTER & VAN PEEL
SWEEPSTAKES" (Use all capital letters.)  (e) Finally place 3x5 card
(without bending) into a plain envelope [NOTE: do NOT use the
Official Prize Claim and CVP Perfume Reply Envelope or you may be
disqualified], and mail to: CVP, Box 1320, Westbury, NY 11595.  Print
this address correctly.  Comply with above instructions carefully and
completely or you may be disqualified from receiving your prize.


I reverently believe that the maker who made us all makes everything in New
England, but the weather.  I don't know who makes that, but I think it must be
raw apprentices in the weather-clerks factory who experiment and learn how, in
New England, for board and clothes, and then are promoted to make weather for
countries that require a good article, and will take their custom elsewhere
if they don't get it.
		-- Mark Twain


It is far better to be deceived than to be undeceived by those we love.


He that bringeth a present, findeth the door open.
		-- Scottish proverb


He is no lawyer who cannot take two sides.


Washington [D.C.] is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm.
		-- John F. Kennedy


	With deep concern, if not alarm, Dick noted that his friend
Conrad was drunker than he'd ever seen him before.  "What's the trouble,
buddy?", he asked, sliding onto the stool next to his friend.
	"It's a woman, Dick," Conrad replied.
	"I guessed that much.  Tell me about it."
	"I can't," Conrad said.  But after a few more drinks his tongue
and resolution both seemed to weaken and, turning to his buddy, he said,
"Okay. It's your wife."
	"My wife!!"
	"Yeah."
	"What about her?"
	Conrad pondered the question heavily, and draped his arm around
his pal.  "Well, buddy-boy," he said, "I'm afraid she's cheating on us."


Men were real men, women were real women, and small, furry creatures
from Alpha Centauri were REAL small, furry creatures from Alpha Centauri.
Spirits were brave, men boldly split infinitives that no man had split
before.  Thus was the Empire forged.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Crush!  Kill!  Destroy!


APPOINTMENT BOOK:
	The reference of last resort when trying to duck undesired
	invitations ("Gee, the soonest I can pencil you in is
	December, 2039"), or when trying to figure out what the hell
	it was you did during the past year.


The sun was shining brightly		The breeze was blowing briskly,
And I could hardly wait,		It made the flowers sway,
To ponder at my window			The garden was enchanting
And gaze at my estate.			On this inspiring day.

My eyes fell on a little bird,		I smiled at him cheerfully
With a beautiful yellow bill,		And gave him a crust of bread,
I beckoned him to come and light	And then I closed the window
Upon my window sill.			And smashed his fucking head.
		-- "Good Morning", Debbie Smith


No one gets too old to learn a new way of being stupid.


Hardly a pure science, history is closer to animal husbandry than it is
to mathematics, in that it involves selective breeding.  The principal
difference between the husbandryman and the historian is that the
former breeds sheep or cows or such, and the latter breeds (assumed)
facts.  The husbandryman uses his skills to enrich the future; the
historian uses his to enrich the past.  Both are usually up to their
ankles in bullshit.
		-- Tom Robbins


Jenkinson's Law:
	It won't work.


IF A KID ASKS YOU where rain comes from, I think a cute thing to tell him
is, "God is crying."  And if he asks why God is crying, another cute thing
to tell him is, "Probably because of something you did."
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


COBOL is for morons.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


Life is a healthy respect for mother nature laced with greed.


semper en excretus


Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.


Don
Ameche:	I didn't know you had a cousin Penelope, Bill!
	Was she pretty?
W. C.:	Well, her face was so wrinkled it looked like seven miles of
	bad road.  She had so many gold teeth, Don, she use to have
	to sleep with her head in a safe.  She died in Bolivia.
Don:	Oh Bill, it must be hard to lose a relative.
W. C.:	It's almost impossible.
		-- W. C. Fields, "The Further Adventures of Larson E.
		   Whipsnade and other Tarradiddles"


Zeal, n.:
	Quality seen in new graduates -- if you're quick.


The idle mind knows not what it is it wants.
		-- Quintus Ennius


TAKE FORCEFUL ACTION:
	Do something that should have been done a long time ago.


Sorry, no fortune this time.


E.T. GO HOME!!!  (And take your Smurfs with you.)


Mr. Rection, Mr. Hugh G. Rection, please pick up a white courtesy telephone!


I don't want to alarm anybody, but there is an excellent chance that
the Earth will be destroyed in the next several days.  Congress is
thinking about eliminating a federal program under which scientists
broadcast signals to alien beings.  This would be a large mistake.
Alien beings have nuclear blaster death cannons.  You cannot cut off
their federal programs as if they were merely poor people ...
		-- Dave Barry, "THE ALIENS ARE COMING, THE ALIENS ARE
		   COMING!"


She liked him; he was a man of many qualities, even if most of them
were bad.


It now costs more to amuse a child than it once did to educate his father.


Yacc owes much to a most stimulating collection of users, who have
goaded me beyond my inclination, and frequently beyond my ability in
their endless search for "one more feature".  Their irritating
unwillingness to learn how to do things my way has usually led to my
doing things their way; most of the time, they have been right.
		-- Stephen C. Johnson, "Yacc guide acknowledgments"


When you're bored with yourself, marry, and be bored with someone else.
		-- David Pryce-Jones


Indecision is the true basis for flexibility.


You cannot choose your battlefield, the gods do that for you.
But you can plant a standard where a standard never flew.
		-- Nathalia Crane


Marvelous!  The super-user's going to boot me!
What a finely tuned response to the situation!


There once was a king who ruled his country long, wisely, and well.  The
king had a son whom he hoped would someday rule the land.  He also wished
in his heart that the son would be wise and compassionate.  One day he said
to the prince:
	"If you promised that you would give a certain woman anything, even
half of your kingdom, and then she demanded the life of your best friend,
what would your decision be, my son?"
	The young prince thought for a moment and then said, "I would tell
her that she was my best friend, and then cut off her head."
	The king knew that his son would be a great king.


The largest gay community in the U.S. (as a percentage of total population)
is not in San Francisco, but in Iowa Falls, Minnesota (pop. 763), a small
town in which virtually everyone is gay.  In 1976, a group of about 100
gays fleeing persecution in the South settled in the town, and soon won a
majority on the town council.  Ordinances prohibiting heterosexual acts
soon followed.  "After all," said mayor Harry Whalen, "If the Supreme Court
has refused to strike down laws prohibiting homosexual acts, then our
anti-straight laws are equally valid."  Rigorous enforcement of those laws
has resulted in a community that is now almost 100% gay.  Said one long-time
resident: "I've lived here 35 years and didn't want to leave, but I didn't
want to give up sex either.  Then my neighbor Ed came over one night, and
said how about I do it with him, and my wife Millie could do it with his
wife.  Well, I found it wasn't nearly as bad as I thought it was gonna be.
Fact is, I rather like it."


Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of APL, I shall
fear no evil, for I can string six primitive monadic and dyadic
operators together.
		-- Steve Higgins


Everyone talks about apathy, but no one _d_o_e_s anything about it.


Woody: What's happening, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  The question is, Woody, why is it happening to me?
		-- Cheers, Strange Bedfellows, Part 1

Woody: What's going down, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  My cheeks on this barstool.
		-- Cheers, Strange Bedfellows, Part 2

Woody:	Hey, Mr. Peterson, can I pour you a beer?
Norm:	Well, okay, Woody, but be sure to stop me at one. ...
	Eh, make that one-thirty.
		-- Cheers, Strange Bedfellows, Part 2


What I think is that the F-word is basically just a convenient nasty-
sounding word that we tend to use when we would really like to come up
with a terrifically witty insult, the kind Winston Churchill always
came up with when enormous women asked him stupid questions at
parties.
		-- Dave Barry, "$#$%#^%!^%&@%@!"


Historians have now definitely established that Juan Cabrillo, discoverer
of California, was not looking for Kansas, thus setting a precedent that
continues to this day.
		-- Wayne Shannon


I didn't get sophisticated -- I just got tired.
But maybe that's what sophisticated is -- being tired.
		-- Rita Gain


She stood on the tracks
Waving her arms
Leading me to that third rail shock
Quick as a wink
She changed her mind

She gave me a night
That's all it was
What will it take until I stop
Kidding myself
Wasting my time

There's nothing else I can do
'Cause I'm doing it all for Leyna
I don't want anyone new
'Cause I'm living it all for Leyna
There's nothing in it for you
'Cause I'm giving it all to Leyna
		-- Billy Joel, "All for Leyna" (Glass Houses)


Politics is not the art of the possible.  It consists in choosing
between the disastrous and the unpalatable.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


Every journalist has a novel in him, which is an excellent place for it.


The hungover couple dawdled over a midafternoon breakfast, after a
particularly wild all-night party held in their fashionable apartment.
	"Dearest, this is rather embarrassing," said the husband, "but
was it you I made love to in the library last night?"
	His wife looked at him reflectively and then asked, "About what
time?"


The Truth Shall Rape You Over.
		-- Caltech


Radioactive cats have 18 half-lives.


	A disciple of another sect once came to Drescher as he was eating
his morning meal.  "I would like to give you this personality test", said
the outsider, "because I want you to be happy."
	Drescher took the paper that was offered him and put it into the
toaster -- "I wish the toaster to be happy too".


There is a certain frame of mind to which a cemetery
is, if not an antidote, at least an alleviation.  If
you are in a fit of the blues, go nowhere else.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson, "Immortelles"


Test for paraquat:
	Take amount of grass used in one joint, and wash in 5 cc's
	of water, agitating gently for 15 minutes.  Strain out leaves,
	leaving a brownish-yellow solution.  Add 100 mg each of sodium
	bicarbonate and sodium dithionite. If paraquat is present,
	the solution will turn blue-green.


The superfluous is very necessary.
		-- Voltaire


Save a forest -- eat a beaver!


New York now leads the world's great cities in the number of people around
whom you shouldn't make a sudden move.
		-- David Letterman


Ladies and Gentlemen, Hobos and Tramps,
Cross-eyed mosquitos and bowlegged ants,
I come before you to stand behind you
To tell you of something I know nothing about.
Next Thursday (which is good Friday),
There will be a convention held in the
Women's Club which is strictly for Men.
Admission is free, pay at the door,
Pull up a chair, and sit on the floor.
It was a summer's day in winter,
And the snow was raining fast,
As a barefoot boy with shoes on,
Stood sitting in the grass.
Oh, that bright day in the dead of night,
Two dead men got up to fight.
Three blind men to see fair play,
Forty mutes to yell "Hooray"!
Back to back, they faced each other,
Drew their swords and shot each other.
A deaf policeman heard the noise,
Came and arrested those two dead boys.


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

A new system, the CIRCULATORY system, has been added.

The long-experimental CIRCULATORY system has been released to users.  The
Lisp Machine uses Type B fluid, the L machine uses Type A fluid.  When the
switch to Common Lisp occurs both machines will, of course, be Type O.
Please check fluid level by using the DIP stick which is located in the
back of VMI monitors.  Unchecked low fluid levels can cause poor paging
performance.


The porcupine with the sharpest quills gets stuck on a tree more
often.


There's no real need to do housework -- after four years it doesn't get
any worse.


Old King Cole
Was a merry old soul,
A merry old soul was he!
He called for his pipe,
And he called for his bowl,
And he fiddled with his call girls three!


My daddy's brains was so scrambled he thought he was Jesus.  They put him
in a nut house for 5 years and when he got out, he didn't think he was
Jesus, he thought he was *God*! ... Which made me Jesus.
		-- T. Bywater


Parallel lines never meet, unless you bend one or both of them.


If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.


Crime does not pay... as well as politics.
		-- A. E. Neuman


Piddle, twiddle, and resolve,
Not one damn thing do we solve.
		-- 1776


Let a Field Service Engineer put it in.


((lambda (foo) (bar foo)) (baz))


Any president should have the right to shoot
at least two people a year without explanation.
		-- Herbert Hoover, discussing the press


They don't know how the world is shaped.  And so they give it a shape, and
try to make everything fit it.  They separate the right from the left, the
man from the woman, the plant from the animal, the sun from the moon. They
only want to count to two.
		-- Emma Bull, "Bone Dance"


Half Moon tonight.  (At least it is better than no Moon at all.)


	An old maid wanted to travel by bus to the pet cemetery with the
remains of her cat.  As she boarded the bus, she whispered to the driver,
"I have a dead pussy."
	The driver pointed to the woman in the seat behind him and said,
"Sit with my wife.  You two have a lot in common."


VMS version 2.0 ==>


Having a wonderful wine, wish you were beer.


A man is talking to his wife when he mentions that there's a "Big Dick"
contest at one of the bars in town and the prize for the winner is $1000.
	"Oh, honey," she exclaims, "I don't want you taking that thing
out in public!"
	"But baby," he says, "$1000 is a lot of money."
	"I don't care!" she says, stamping her foot.  "I don't want you
showing that thing to everybody."
	And the subject isn't mentioned again, until the following evening
when he hands her $1000.
	"Did you enter the contest, even after I told you I didn't want
you to?" she asks.
	"Please forgive me, turtle dove," he says.  "I thought we could use
the money."
	"You mean you took that thing out for everybody to see?" she says,
tears welling up in her eyes.
	"Only enough to win, honey, only enough to win."


Others can stop you temporarily, only you can do it permanently.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(32) The fact that American intellectuals rue a victorious United States
     is frightening and ominous.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


That Xanthippe's husband should have become so great a philosopher is
remarkable.  Amid all the scolding, to be able to think!  But he could not
write: that was impossible.  Socrates has not left us a single book.
		-- Heine


I value kindness to human beings first of all, and kindness to animals.  I
don't respect the law; I have a total irreverence for anything connected
with society except that which makes the roads safer, the beer stronger,
the food cheaper, and old men and women warmer in the winter, and happier
in the summer.
		-- Brendan Behan


Finagle's Creed:
	Science is true.  Don't be misled by facts.


If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you.


Nice guys don't finish nice.


The girl who swears no one has ever made love to her has a right to swear.
		-- Sophia Loren


Madison's Inquiry:
	If you have to travel on the Titanic, why not go first class?


One of the pleasures of reading old letters is the knowledge that they
need no answer.
		-- George Gordon, Lord Byron


Kissing a smoker is like licking an ashtray.


Life is a hospital in which every patient is possessed by the desire to
change his bed.
		-- Charles Baudelaire


Center meeting at 4pm in 2C-543.


Trust your husband, adore your husband,
and get as much as you can in your own name.
		-- Joan Rivers


A decade after Vietnam, we still cannot understand why "their"
Salvadorans fight better than "our" Salvadorans.  It is not a matter of
their training or their equipment.  It has to do with the quality of the
society we are asking them to risk death defending.  The metaphor of the
domino obscures this reality, and the cost our self-imposed blindness
is high.  San Salvador is closer to Saigon than to Munich.
		-- William LeoGrande, "New York Times", 3/9/83


[Prime Minister Joseph] Chamberlain loves
the working man, he loves to see him work.
		-- Winston Churchill


No one born with a mouth and a need is "innocent".
		-- Greg Bear


Then here's to the City of Boston,
The town of the cries and the groans.
Where the Cabots can't see the Kabotschniks,
And the Lowells won't speak to the Cohns.
		-- Franklin Pierce Adams


A diplomat is a man who can tell you to
go to hell and make the trip sound pleasurable.
		-- Samuel Clemens


Don't make a big deal out of everything; just deal with everything.


Adopted kids are such a pain -- you have to teach them how to look
like you ...
		-- Gilda Radner


Every morning is a Smirnoff morning.


Idiot Box, n.:
	The part of the envelope that tells a person where to place the
	stamp when they can't quite figure it out for themselves.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


	While riding in a train between London and Birmingham, a woman
inquired of Oscar Wilde, "You don't mind if I smoke, do you?"
	Wilde gave her a sidelong glance and replied, "I don't mind if
you burn, madam."


The only thing that stops God from sending a second Flood is that
the first one was useless.
		-- Nicolas Chamfort


Chihuahuas drive me crazy.  I can't stand anything that
shivers when it's warm.


Well, fancy giving money to the Government!
Might as well have put it down the drain.
Fancy giving money to the Government!
Nobody will see the stuff again.
Well, they've no idea what money's for --
Ten to one they'll start another war.
I've heard a lot of silly things, but, Lor'!
Fancy giving money to the Government!
		-- A. P. Herbert


