Facts, apart from their relationships, are like labels on empty bottles.
		-- Sven Italla


A woman's a woman until the day she dies, but a man's only a man as long
as he can.
		-- Moms Mabley


You tread upon my patience.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


In the force if Yoda's so strong, construct a sentence with words in
the proper order then why can't he?


Guns don't kill people.  Bullets kill people.


ARCHDUKE FERDINAND FOUND ALIVE --
    FIRST WORLD WAR A MISTAKE


May you have many beautiful and obedient daughters.


Democracy is the name we give the people whenever we need them.
		-- Arman de Caillavet, 1913


What did you do when the ship sank?
I grabbed a cake of soap and washed myself ashore.


Q:	Why did the tachyon cross the road?
A:	Because it was on the other side.


I've already told you more than I know.


Confucius say too damn much!


Floppy now, hard later.


The relative importance of files depends on their cost
in terms of the human effort needed to regenerate them.
		-- T. A. Dolotta


Your wise men don't know how it feels
To be thick as a brick.
		-- Jethro Tull, "Thick As A Brick"


Quantum Mechanics is God's version of "Trust me."


Birthdays are like busses, never the number you want.


FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #5

	Don't wear your spurs while making love in a waterbed.


The human mind ordinarily operates at only ten percent of
its capacity -- the rest is overhead for the operating system.


I realize that the MX missile is none of our concern.  I realize that
the whole point of living in a democracy is that we pay professional
congresspersons to concern themselves with things like the MX missile
so we can be free to concern ourselves with getting hold of the
plumber.

But from time to time, I feel I must address major public issues such
as this, because in a free and open society, where the very future of
the world hinges on decisions made by our elected leaders, you never
win large cash journalism awards if you stick to the topics I usually
write about, such as nose-picking.
		-- Dave Barry, "At Last, the Ultimate Deterrent Against
		   Political Fallout"


Save a mouse, eat a pussy!


When the doubt vanishes and the issue becomes evident, stupidity reigns.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Work Rule: Leave of Absence (for an Operation):
	We are no longer allowing this practice.  We wish to discourage
any thoughts that you may not need all of whatever you have, and you
should not consider having anything removed.  We hired you as you are,
and to have anything removed would certainly make you less than we
bargained for.


Reinhart was never his mother's favorite -- and he was an only child.
		-- Thomas Berger


THEORY:
	System of ideas meant to explain something, chosen with a view to
	originality, controversialism, incomprehensibility, and how good
	it will look in print.


At work, the authority of a person is inversely proportional to the
number of pens that person is carrying.


Bankers do it with interest (penalty for early withdrawal).


It's odd, and a little unsettling, to reflect upon the fact that English is
the only major language in which "I" is capitalized; in many other languages
"You" is capitalized and the "i" is lower case.
		-- Sydney J. Harris


Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result.
		-- Winston Churchill

Next to being shot at and missed, nothing is really quite as
satisfying as an income tax refund.
		-- F. J. Raymond


Distributed Systems people do it loosely coupled.


To get something done, a committee should consist of no more than three
persons, two of them absent.


Noone ever built a statue to a critic.


Two Russian friends happen to meet in Red Square.  One of them says, "By
the way, did you hear that Romanov died?"
	"No," replied the other, "I didn't even know he'd been arrested!"


I can relate to that.


You're using a keyboard!  How quaint!


A hammer sometimes misses its mark - a bouquet never.


There is hardly a thing in the world that some man can
not make a little worse and sell a little cheaper.


The Least Successful Defrosting Device
	The all-time record here is held by Mr. Peter Rowlands of Lancaster
whose lips became frozen to his lock in 1979 while blowing warm air on it.
	"I got down on my knees to breathe into the lock.  Somehow my lips
got stuck fast."
	While he was in the posture, an old lady passed an inquired if he
was all right.  "Alra?  Igmmlptk", he replied at which point she ran away.
	"I tried to tell her what had happened, but it came out sort of...
muffled," explained Mr. Rowlands, a pottery designer.
	He was trapped for twenty minutes ("I felt a bit foolish") until
constant hot breathing brought freedom.  He was subsequently nicknamed "Hot
Lips".
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Q:	Why did Hellen Keller go all the way on her first date?
A:	She'd never been taught to say no.


The first myth of management is that it exists.  The second myth of
management is that success equals skill.
		-- Robert Heller


When the revolution comes, count your change.


I'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be
living apart.
		-- e. e. cummings


All hope abandon, ye who enter here!
		-- Dante Alighieri


Leave no stone unturned.
		-- Euripides


Opiates are the religion of the upper-middle classes.
		-- Debbie VanDam


Hear about...
	the guy who was an incurable romantic until penicillin came along?


Sweater, n.:
	A garment worn by a child when its mother feels chilly.


The Martian Canals were clearly the Martian's last ditch effort!


In an orderly world, there's always a place for the disorderly.


	Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes of Harvard Medical School inhaled ether
at a time when it was popularly supposed to produce such mystical or
"mind-expanding" experiences, much as LSD is supposed to produce such
experiences today.  Here is his account of what happened:
	"I once inhaled a pretty full dose of ether, with the determination
to put on record, at the earliest moment of regaining consciousness, the
thought I should find uppermost in my mind.  The mighty music of the triumphal
march into nothingness reverberated through my brain, and filled me with a
sense of infinite possibilities, which made me an archangel for a moment.
The veil of eternity was lifted.  The one great truth which underlies all
human experience and is the key to all the mysteries that philosophy has
sought in vain to solve, flashed upon me in a sudden revelation.  Henceforth
all was clear: a few words had lifted my intelligence to the level of the
knowledge of the cherubim.  As my natural condition returned, I remembered
my resolution; and, staggering to my desk, I wrote, in ill-shaped, straggling
characters, the all-embracing truth still glimmering in my consciousness.
The words were these (children may smile; the wise will ponder):
`A strong smell of turpentine prevails throughout.'"
		-- The Consumers Union Report: Licit & Illicit Drugs


You are in a maze of little twisting passages, all different.


God isn't dead -- he's been busted.


The idea is to die young as late as possible.
		-- Ashley Montague


To a Californian, a person must prove himself criminally insane before he
is allowed to drive a taxi in New York.  For New York cabbies, honesty and
stopping at red lights are both optional.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


You will be run over by a beer truck.


You say potatoe,
And I say potato.
You say tomatoe,
And I say tomato.
Potatoe, potato,
Tomatoe, tomato.
Let's go be the Vice President...


Syntactic sugar causes cancer of the semicolon.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


And so it goes.  It is humiliating, when you should know better, to become
victim of the timeless story of the little brown dog running across the
freight yard, crossing all the railroad tracks until a switch engine nipped
off the end of his tail between wheel and rail.  The little dog yelped, and
he spun so quickly to check himself out that the next wheel chopped through
his little brown neck.  The moral is, of course, never lose your head over
a piece of tail.
		-- John D. MacDonald, "The Scarlet Ruse"


If you are smart enough to know that you're not
smart enough to be an Engineer, then you're in Business.


When the candles are out all women are fair.
		-- Plutarch


Feel disillusioned?
I've got some great new illusions, right here!


Beat your son every day; you may not know why, but he will.


Courtship to marriage, as a very witty prologue to a very dull play.
		-- William Congreve


He was part of my dream, of course --
but then I was part of his dream too.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


Review Questions

1:	If Nerd on the planet Nutley starts out in his spaceship at 20 KPH,
	and his speed doubles every 3.2 seconds, how long will it be before
	he exceeds the speed of light?  How long will it be before the
	Galactic Patrol picks up the pieces of his spaceship?

2:	If Roger Rowdy wrecks his car every week, and each week he breaks
	twice as many bones as before, how long will it be before he breaks
	every bone in his body?  How long will it be before they cut off
	his insurance?  Where does he get a new car every week?

3:	If Johnson drinks one beer the first hour (slow start), four beers
	the next hour, nine beers the next, etc., and stacks the cans in
	a pyramid, how soon will Johnson's pyramid be larger than King
	Tut's?  When will it fall on him?  Will he notice?


It takes two to tell the truth: one to speak and one to hear.


If computers take over (which seems to be their natural tendency), it will
serve us right.
		-- Alistair Cooke


Little known fact about Middle Earth: The Hobbits had a very
sophisticated computer network!  It was a Tolkien Ring...


I was working on a case.  It had to be a case, because I couldn't afford a
desk.  Then I saw her.  This tall blond lady.  She must have been tall
because I was on the third floor.  She rolled her deep blue eyes towards
me.  I picked them up and rolled them back.  We kissed.  She screamed.  I
took the cigarette from my mouth and kissed her again.


Tact is the ability to tell a man he has
an open mind when he has a hole in his head.


If you want to be ruined, marry a rich woman.
		-- Michelet


One evening a guru had coitus
With an actress, a whore and a poetess.
	When asked what position
	He used for coition,
He answered serenely, "the lotus."


	Grover Cleveland, though constantly at loggerheads with the
Senate, got on better with the House of Representatives.  A popular
story circulating during his presidency concerned the night he was
roused by his wife crying, "Wake up!  I think there are burglars in the
house."
	"No, no, my dear," said the president sleepily, "in the Senate
maybe, but not in the House."


They are relatively good but absolutely terrible.
		-- Alan Kay, commenting on Apollos


The savior becomes the victim.


There's nothing like the face of a kid eating a Hershey bar.


ATLANTA:
	An entire city surrounded by an airport.


Honorable, adj.:
	Afflicted with an impediment in one's reach.  In legislative
	bodies, it is customary to mention all members as honorable; as,
	"the honorable gentleman is a scurvy cur."
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


It's not easy being green.
		-- Kermit


In every hierarchy the cream rises until it sours.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


Symptom:		Floor blurred.
Fault:			You are looking through bottom of empty glass.
Action Required:	Find someone who will buy you another beer.

Symptom:		Floor moving.
Fault:			You are being carried out.
Action Required:	Find out if you are taken to another bar.  If not,
			complain loudly that you are being kidnaped.

		-- Bar Troubleshooting


You'll feel much better once you've given up hope.


Age, n.:
	That period of life in which we compound for the vices that we
	still cherish by reviling those that we no longer have the
	enterprise to commit.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Never put off till run-time what you can do at compile-time.
		-- D. Gries


	It was her wedding night, and the sweet young thing was in a
romantic haze.  "Oh, darling," she sighed, "We're married at last.
It's all like a wonderful dream!"
	Her husband didn't answer.  A few moments passed.  She sighed again
and said, "I'm afraid I'll awake in a moment and find it isn't true."
	Still no response from her spouse.  Another pause and another
sensuous sigh, then, softly, "I just can't believe that I'm really your
wife."
	"Damn it," growled her mate, "as soon as I get this shoelace untied,
you will!"


When someone makes a move		We'll send them all we've got,
Of which we don't approve,		John Wayne and Randolph Scott,
Who is it that always intervenes?	Remember those exciting fighting scenes?
U.N. and O.A.S.,			To the shores of Tripoli,
They have their place, I guess,		But not to Mississippoli,
But first, send the Marines!		What do we do?  We send the Marines!

For might makes right,			Members of the corps
And till they've seen the light,	All hate the thought of war:
They've got to be protected,		They'd rather kill them off by
						peaceful means.
All their rights respected,		Stop calling it aggression--
Till somebody we like can be elected.	We hate that expression!
					We only want the world to know
					That we support the status quo;
					They love us everywhere we go,
					So when in doubt, send the Marines!
		-- Tom Lehrer, "Send The Marines"


Democracy is a form of government that substitutes election by the
incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Work without a vision is slavery,
Vision without work is a pipe dream,
But vision with work is the hope of the world.


	He who receives ideas from me, receives instruction himself without
lessening mine; as he who lights his taper at mine receives light
without darkening me.
		-- Thomas Jefferson on patents on ideas


When in trouble or in doubt, run in circles, scream and shout.


Princeton's taste is sweet like a strawberry tart.  Harvard's is a subtle
taste, like whiskey, coffee, or tobacco.  It may even be a bad habit, for
all I know.
		-- Prof. J. H. Finley '25


It is not enough to have great qualities,
we should also have the management of them.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


All men have the right to wait in line.


A musician, an artist, an architect:
	the man or woman who is not one of these is not a Christian.
		-- William Blake


Men of quality are not afraid of women for equality.


Dear Abby:
	I have two brothers.  One was sent to the electric chair when I was
a child.  My mother died in an insane asylum.  My father is a pimp and my
sister is a very successful and highly paid prostitute.  My other brother
is a graduate student attending Purdue University.
	Recently I met a wonderful girl who has just been released from prison
for murdering her illegitimate child with a Zip-loc sandwich bag.  We're very
much in love and want to be married after her venereal disease is cured.
	My problem is this: should I tell her about my brother at Purdue?

		Sincerely,
		Undecided.


Barth's Distinction:
	There are two types of people: those who divide people into two
types, and those who don't.


CALIFORNIA:
	From Latin 'calor', meaning "heat" (as in English 'calorie' or
	Spanish 'caliente'); and 'fornia', for "sexual intercourse" or
	"fornication." Hence:  Tierra de California, "the land of hot sex."
		-- Ed Moran, Covina, California


There cannot be a crisis next week.  My schedule is already full.
		-- Henry Kissinger


I wouldn't fuck her with your prick.


				SEMINAR ANNOUNCEMENT

Title:		Are Frogs Turing Compatible?
Speaker:	Don "The Lion" Knuth

				ABSTRACT
	Several researchers at the University of Louisiana have been studying
the computing power of various amphibians, frogs in particular.  The problem
of frog computability has become a critical issue that ranges across all areas
of computer science.  It has been shown that anything computable by an amphi-
bian community in a fixed-size pond is computable by a frog in the same-size
pond -- that is to say, frogs are Pond-space complete.  We will show that
there is a log-space, polywog-time reduction from any Turing machine program
to a frog.  We will suggest these represent a proper subset of frog-computable
functions.
	This is not just a let's-see-how-far-those-frogs-can-jump seminar.
This is only for hardcore amphibian-computation people and their colleagues.
	Refreshments will be served.  Music will be played.


The most hopelessly stupid man is he who is not aware that he is wise.


This product is meant for educational purposes only.  Any resemblance to real
persons, living or dead is purely coincidental.  Void where prohibited.  Some
assembly may be required.  Batteries not included.  Contents may settle during
shipment.  Use only as directed.  May be too intense for some viewers.  If
condition persists, consult your physician.  No user-serviceable parts inside.
Breaking seal constitutes acceptance of agreement.  Not responsible for direct,
indirect, incidental or consequential damages resulting from any defect, error
or failure to perform.  Slippery when wet.  For office use only.  Substantial
penalty for early withdrawal.  Do not write below this line.  Your canceled
check is your receipt.  Avoid contact with skin.  Employees and their families
are not eligible.  Beware of dog.  Driver does not carry cash.  Limited time
offer, call now to insure prompt delivery.  Use only in well-ventilated area.
Keep away from fire or flame.  Some equipment shown is optional.  Price does
not include taxes, dealer prep, or delivery.  Penalty for private use.  Call
toll free before digging.  Some of the trademarks mentioned in this product
appear for identification purposes only.  All models over 18 years of age.  Do
not use while operating a motor vehicle or heavy equipment.  Postage will be
paid by addressee.  Apply only to affected area.  One size fits all.  Many
suitcases look alike.  Edited for television.  No solicitors.  Reproduction
strictly prohibited.  Restaurant package, not for resale.  Objects in mirror
are closer than they appear.  Decision of judges is final.  This supersedes
all previous notices.  No other warranty expressed or implied.


Everything journalists write is true, except when they write about
something you know.
		-- Dag-Erling Smorgrav,
		   June 1999, FreeBSD-Stable Mailing List


	"Seven years and six months!"  Humpty Dumpty repeated thoughtfully.
"An uncomfortable sort of age.  Now if you'd asked MY advice, I'd have
said 'Leave off at seven' -- but it's too late now."
	"I never ask advice about growing,"  Alice said indignantly.
	"Too proud?" the other enquired.
	Alice felt even more indignant at this suggestion.  "I mean,"
she said, "that one can't help growing older."
	"ONE can't, perhaps," said Humpty Dumpty; "but TWO can.  With
proper assistance, you might have left off at seven."
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


Diaphragm, n.:
	A childproof cap.


The IQ of the group is the lowest IQ of a member of
the group divided by the number of people in the group.


This system will self-destruct in five minutes.


Beauty and harmony are as necessary to you as the very breath of life.


Passion is that funny feeling that drives a man to
bite a woman's neck because she has beautiful legs.


Trap full -- please empty.


	There was a mad scientist (a mad... social... scientist) who kidnapped
three colleagues, an engineer, a physicist, and a mathematician, and locked
each of them in separate cells with plenty of canned food and water but no
can opener.
	A month later, returning, the mad scientist went to the engineer's
cell and found it long empty.  The engineer had constructed a can opener from
pocket trash, used aluminum shavings and dried sugar to make an explosive,
and escaped.
	The physicist had worked out the angle necessary to knock the lids
off the tin cans by throwing them against the wall.  She was developing a good
pitching arm and a new quantum theory.
	The mathematician had stacked the unopened cans into a surprising
solution to the kissing problem; his desiccated corpse was propped calmly
against a wall, and this was inscribed on the floor:
	Theorem: If I can't open these cans, I'll die.
	Proof: assume the opposite...


Sex is about as important as a cheese sandwich.  But a cheese sandwich,
if you ain't got one to put in your belly, is extremely important.
		-- Ian Dury


No spitting on the Bus!
Thank you, The Management.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(25) Love is the only human emotion which cannot be controlled. You
     either do or you don't. You can't fake it. (Except women, and
     thank God they can.)

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Is a person who blows up banks an econoclast?


MEMORIES OF MY FAMILY MEETINGS still are a source of strength to me.  I
remember we'd all get into the car -- I forget what kind it was -- and
drive and drive.

I'm not sure where we'd go, but I think there were some bees there. The
smell of something was strong in the air as we played whatever sport we
played.  I remember a bigger, older guy whom we called "Dad."  We'd eat
some stuff or not and then I think we went home.

I guess some things never leave you.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Here is the problem: for many years, the Supreme Court wrestled with
the issue of pornography, until finally Associate Justice John Paul
Stevens came up with the famous quotation about how he couldn't define
pornography, but he knew it when he saw it.  So for a while, the
court's policy was to have all the suspected pornography trucked to
Justice Stevens' house, where he would look it over.  "Nope, this isn't
it," he'd say.  "Bring some more."  This went on until one morning when
his housekeeper found him trapped in the recreation room under an
enormous mound of rubberized implements, and the court had to issue a
ruling stating that it didn't know what the hell pornography was except
that it was illegal and everybody should stop badgering the court about
it because the court was going to take a nap.
		-- Dave Barry, "Pornography"


QOTD:
	"To hell with patience, I'm gonna kill me something!"


One by one the vice-presidents of a large corporation were called into the
boss's office.  Then the junior executives were individually summoned.
Finally the office boy was brought in.
	"I want the truth, Charles," the boss bellowed.  "Have you been
playing around with my secretary?"
	"N-no, sir," the office boy stammered.  "I-I'd never do anything
like that, sir."
	"All right, all right," sighed the boss, "then you fire her."


Science is like sex: sometimes something useful comes
out, but that is not the reason we are doing it
		-- Richard Feynman


Happiness is just an illusion, filled with sadness and confusion.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#6

Bathrooms:
	A man has six items in his bathroom -- a toothbrush, toothpaste,
shaving cream, razor, a bar of Dial soap, and a towel from the Holiday Inn.
The average number of items in the typical woman's bathroom is 437.  A man
would not be able to identify most of these items.

Groceries:
	A woman makes a list of things she needs and then goes to the store
and buys these things.  A man waits 'til the only items left in his fridge
are half a lime and a Blue Ribbon.  Then he goes grocery shopping.  He buys
everything that looks good.  By the time a man reaches the checkout counter,
his cart is packed tighter that the Clampett's car on Beverly Hillbillies.
Of course, this will not stop him from entering the 10-items-or-less lane.


During the darkest days of World War II, when each night brought waves of
Luftwaffe bombers raining death and destruction on a near-defenseless London,
Prime Minister Churchill went on the air to address the British people.  "I
read this morning's paper that Herr Hitler plans to wring England's neck like
that of a chicken," he began, "and I was reminded of what the Irish poacher
said as he stood on the gallows.  It seems the poor fellow was approached by a
well-meaning if somewhat overzealous priest who, in horrific detail, described
the unfading torments of Hades which awaited him if he did not repent of his
misdeeds. The condemned man listened patiently to all that the priest had to
say, and when he was done, grinned broadly and replied, 'Eat it raw, fuzz
nuts.'"
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


Have a nice diurnal anomaly.


Think honk if you're a telepath.


Your mind understands what you have been
taught; your heart, what is true.


Just go with the flow control, roll with the crunches, and, when you get
a prompt, type like hell.


FORTUNE REMEMBERS THE GREAT MOTHERS: #5

	"And, and, and, and, but, but, but, but!"
		-- Mrs. Janice Markowsky, April 8, 1965


He walks as if balancing the family tree on his nose.


Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired
signifies in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not
fed, those who are cold and are not clothed.  This world in arms is not
spending money alone.  It is spending the sweat of its laborers, the
genius of its scientists, the hopes of its children.  This is not a way
of life at all in any true sense.  Under the clouds of war, it is
humanity hanging on a cross of iron.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower, April 16, 1953


All theoretical chemistry is really physics;
and all theoretical chemists know it.
		-- Richard P. Feynman


The honest female orgasm is three to fifteen rhythmic contractions of the
outer third of the vagina at .8 second intervals, which is approximately
the beat of "Surfing Safari" by the Beach Boys.  Unless these contractions
occur, you can regard her groaning, moaning, clawing, kicking, begging for
mercy, and shouting filthy religious epithets as bargain-basement histrionics.
		-- John Hughes, National Lampoon


I didn't believe in reincarnation in any of my other lives.  I don't see why
I should have to believe in it in this one.
		-- Strange de Jim


Stop searching forever.  Happiness is unattainable.


If you have nothing to do, don't do it here.


Goldfish:  Two naked people tied and put on a mattress together to make love
"fish fashion" (ie: no hands).  Originally a nineteenth-century bordel joke.
It can be done (if you are the victims, try on your sides from behind).
Venerable party game, but don't play it with strangers, or leave players
unsupervised, even briefly.  There was a nice spoof on this sex stunt in
the movie "Soldier Blue".  A good many women can get an orgasm from this
simply by struggling, especially if you put them in front of a mirror.
Don't both tie yourselves, even if you can manage it -- you might not be
able to get loose.
		-- The Joy of Sex


I've already told you more than I know.


The average girl would rather have beauty than brains because she
knows that the average man can see much better than he can think.
		-- Ladies' Home Journal


Yinkel, n.:
	A person who combs his hair over his bald spot,
	hoping no one will notice.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


	"Our school, madame, postulates, first of all, that since the
science of mathematics is an abstract science, it is best inculcated by
some concrete example."
	Said the Queen, "But that sounds rather complicated."
	"It occasionally leads to complications," Jurgen admitted, "through
a choice of the wrong example.  But the axiom is no less true."
	"Come, then, and sit next to me on this couch if you can find it in
the dark; and do you explain to me what you mean."
	"Why, madame, by a concrete example I mean one that is perceptible
to any of the senses -- as to sight or hearing, or touch --"
	"Oh, oh!" said the Queen, "now I perceive what you mean by a concrete
example.  And grasping this, I can understand that complications must of
course arise from a choice of the wrong example."
		-- James Branch Cabell, "Jurgen"


The honeymoon is over when a quickie before dinner refers to a short drink.


Bernard was a young eighty-three, not a gomer, and able to talk.  He'd been
transferred from MBH (Man's Best Hospital), the House's Rival.  Founded in
Colonial times by the WASPs, the insemination of MBH by non-WASPs had taken
place only mid-twentieth century with the token multidextrous Oriental
surgeon, and finally, with the token red-hot internal-medicine Jew.  Yet,
MBH was still Brooks Brothers, while the House was still the Garment District.
For Jews at MBH the password was "Dress British, Think Yiddish."  It was
rare to get a TURF from the MBH to the House, and the Fat Man was curious:
"Bernard, you went to the MBH, they did a great work-up, and you told them,
after they got done, you wanted to be transferred here. Why?"
	"I rilly don't know," said Bernard.
	"Was it the doctors there? The doctors you didn't like?"
	"The doctus?  Nah, the doctus I can't complain."
	"The test or the room?"
	"The tests or the room?  Vell, nah, about them I can't complain."
	"The nurses? The food?" asked Fats, but Bernard shook his head no.
Fats laughed and said, "Listen, Bernie, you went to the MBH, they did this
great workup, and when I asked you shy you came to the House of God, all you
tell me is, 'Nah, I can't complain.'  So why did you come here?  Why, Bernie,
why?"
	"Vhy I come heah?  Vell, said Bernie, "Heah I can complain."
		-- House of God


One man tells a falsehood, a hundred repeat it as true.


SAGITTARIUS (Nov.22 - Dec.21)
	Your efforts to help a little old lady cross a street will
	backfire when you learn that she was waiting for a bus.  Subdue
	impulse you have to push her out into traffic.


Will your long-winded speeches never end?
What ails you that you keep on arguing?
		-- Job 16:3


Hit them biscuits with another touch of gravy,
Burn that sausage just a match or two more done.
Pour my black old coffee longer,
While that smell is gettin' stronger
A semi-meal ain't nuthin' much to want.

Loan me ten, I got a feelin' it'll save me,
With an ornery soul who don't shoot pool for fun,
If that coat'll fit you're wearin',
The Lord'll bless your sharin'
A semi-friend ain't nuthin' much to want.

And let me halfway fall in love,
For part of a lonely night,
With a semi-pretty woman in my arms.
Yes, I could halfway fall in deep--
Into a snugglin', lovin' heap,
With a semi-pretty woman in my arms.
		-- Elroy Blunt


	The new patron was amazed by the cleanliness of the restaurant.  A
waiter approached the table.  "Good afternoon, sir.  What may I serve you?"
	"I'll have the steak dinner," the man answered.
	As the waiter headed for the kitchen, the diner noticed that he
wore a spotless white apron and clean white gloves.  Soon the waiter
returned, bearing a casserole dish on a cart which he uncovered to reveal
two tempting filet mignons.  From a covered pocket in his apron he produced
a small pair of shining silver tongs and with them he transferred the meat
from the steaming casserole to the diner's plate.  "We never touch anything
with our hands," he explained.
	The waiter continued serving.  "Confidentially," he said, "we even
have a special set of rules about visiting the lavatory.  Do you see this
little piece of string attached to my apron?"
	"Yes," the diner replied.  "I noticed that all the aprons had one."
	The waiter put a large browned potato on the plate with his tongs.
"Well," he began, "if I should have to go to the bathroom, that string
comes in very handily.  I simply unzip my pants and take it out with that
piece of string.  That way everything stays sanitary."
	"But how do you put it back?"
	"Well, I don't know about the other guys," the waiter confided, "but
I use the tongs."


	Friends were surprised, indeed, when Frank and Jennifer broke their
engagement, but Frank had a ready explanation: "Would you marry someone who
was habitually unfaithful, who lied at every turn, who was selfish and lazy
and sarcastic?"
	"Of course not," said a sympathetic friend.
	"Well," retorted Frank, "neither would Jennifer."


Exotic dancer, n.:
	A girl who brings home the bacon a strip at a time.


There's a trick to the Graceful Exit.  It begins with the vision to
recognize when a job, a life stage, a relationship is over -- and to
let go.  It means leaving what's over without denying its validity
or its past importance in our lives.  It involves a sense of future,
a belief that every exit line is an entry, that we are moving on,
rather than out.  The trick of retiring well may be the trick of
living well.  It's hard to recognize that life isn't a holding
action, but a process.  It's hard to learn that we don't leave the
best parts of ourselves behind, back in the dugout or the office.
We own what we learned back there.  The experiences and the growth
are grafted onto our lives.  And when we exit, we can take ourselves
along -- quite gracefully.
		-- Ellen Goodman


I feel sorry for your brain... all alone in that great big head...


You can beat my meat, but you can't lick my sauce!
		-- Boss' Ribs, Portland, Oregon


Very few things happen at the right time, and the rest do not happen
at all.  The conscientious historian will correct these defects.
		-- Herodotus


I do not know whether I was then a man dreaming I was a
butterfly, or whether I am now a butterfly dreaming I am a man.
		-- Chuang Tzu


Too much of everything is just enough.
		-- Bob Wier


There's nothing like the face of a kid eating a Hershey bar.


I don't want to live on in my work, I want to live on in my apartment.
		-- Woody Allen


Wasn't there something about a PASCAL programmer
knowing the value of everything and the Wirth of nothing?


I just got out of the hospital after a
speed reading accident.  I hit a bookmark.
		-- Steven Wright


