Man who arrives at party two hours late
will find he has been beaten to the punch.


You men out there probably think you already know how to dress for
success.  You know, for example, that you should not wear leisure suits
or white plastic belts and shoes, unless you are going to a costume
party disguised as a pig farmer vacationing at Disney World.
		-- Dave Barry, "How to Dress for Real Success"


A box without hinges, key, or lid,
Yet golden treasure inside is hid.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


While it may be true that a watched pot never boils, the one you don't
keep an eye on can make an awful mess of your stove.
		-- Edward Stevenson


Confession is good for the soul, but bad for the career.


Maybe we should think of this as one perfect week... where we found each
other, and loved each other... and then let each other go before anyone
had to seek professional help.


Attempting to stop MySQL by buying companies around it is like trying
to kill a dolphin by drinking the ocean.
		-- Marten Mickos


Going into politics is as fatal to a gentleman as going into a bordello
is fatal to a virgin.
		-- H.L. Mencken, "A Carnival of Buncombe"


An attachment a la Plato
for a bashful young potato
or a, not too French, french bean
must excite your languid spleen.
For, if you walk down Picadilly
with a poppy or lily
in your medieval hand,
every one will say,
as you walk your flowery way;
"If this young man is content,
with a vegetable love
which would certainly not content me.
Why, what a very pure young man
this pure young man must be!"
		-- W. S. Gilbert, "Patience"
		   [The subject of the humour is of course, Oscar Wilde]


A Fortran compiler is the hobgoblin of little minis.


It's gonna be alright,
It's almost midnight,
And I've got two more bottles of wine.


Some men are so interested in their wives continued happiness
that they hire detectives to find out the reason for it.


Did you know?
		EVERY TIME A LOAF OF BREAD IS BAKED,
			   APPROXIMATELY
		       150,000,000 YEASTS ARE
			      KILLED

		 Come to the award-winning 1987 film,
		  "The Very Small and Quiet Screams"
	-- a cinematic electromicrograph of yeasts being baked.

A must for those who care about yeast, and especially for those who don't.

			     SPONSORED BY
		Brown Anaerobe Rights Coalition (BARC)
	       Student Bakers for Social Responsibility
	      Coalition for the ELevation of Life (CELL)
		   Campus Crusade for Fetal Matters

Defend all life: "From greatest to least, from human to yeast!"


CONFERENCE:
	A special meeting in which the boss gathers subordinates to hear
	what they have to say, so long as it doesn't conflict with what
	he's already decided to do.


My brain is my second favorite organ.
		-- Woody Allen


	"That wife of mine is a liar," said the angry husband to a
sympathetic pal seated next to him in a bar.
	"How do you know?" the friend asked.
	"She didn't come home last night, and when I asked her where
she'd been she said she'd spent the night with her sister Shirley."
	"So?"
	"So, she's a liar.  I spent the night with her sister Shirley."


Remember thee
Ay, thou poor ghost while memory holds a seat
In this distracted globe.  Remember thee!
Yea, from the table of my memory
I'll wipe away all trivial fond records,
All saws of books, all forms, all pressures past,
That youth and observation copied there.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Hamlet"


Lawrence Radiation Laboratory keeps all its data in an old gray trunk.


Legislation proposed in the Illinois State Legislature, May, 1907:
	"Speed upon county roads will be limited to ten miles an hour
unless the motorist sees a bailiff who does not appear to have had a
drink in 30 days, when the driver will be permitted to make what he
can."


You're at the end of the road again.


Lewis's Law of Travel:
	The first piece of luggage out of the
	chute doesn't belong to anyone, ever.


Chism's Law of Completion:
	The amount of time required to complete a government project is
	precisely equal to the length of time already spent on it.


By the time they had diminished from 50 to 8, the other dwarves began
to suspect "Hungry" ...
		-- Gary Larson, "The Far Side"


Suggest you just sit there and wait till life gets easier.


	You see, this girl wakes up one morning, rolls over and sees an
elephant in the bed with her.  Almost in shock, she says, "Did I pick you
up in the bar last night?"
	"Uh-huh," the  elephant replies.
	"Did I bring you home?"
	"Uh-huh."
	"Did we, uh, fool around?"
	"Uh-huh."
	"Lord, I must have been tight!"
	"Not any more."


The National Association of Theater Concessionaires reported that in
1986, 60% of all candy sold in movie theaters was sold to Roger Ebert.
		-- David Letterman


Maybe you can't buy happiness, but
these days you can certainly charge it.


The Official MBA Handbook on doing company business on an airplane:

	Do not work openly on top-secret company cost documents unless
	you have previously ascertained that the passenger next to you
	is blind, a rock musician on mood-ameliorating drugs, or the
	unfortunate possessor of a forty-seventh chromosome.


Pereant, inquit, qui ante nos nostra dixerunt.
[Confound those who have said our remarks before us.]
or
[May they perish who have expressed our bright ideas before us.]
		-- Aelius Donatus


You have been bitchy since Tuesday and you'll probably get fired today.


DISCLAIMER:
Use of this advanced computing technology does not imply
an endorsement of Western industrial civilization.


All newspaper editorial writers ever do is come down from
the hills after the battle is over and shoot the wounded.


Breeding rabbits is a hare raising experience.


Everything journalists write is true, except when they write about
something you know.
		-- Dag-Erling Smorgrav,
		   June 1999, FreeBSD-Stable Mailing List


If you are shooting under 80 you are neglecting your business;
over 80 you are neglecting your golf.
		-- Walter Hagen


Any time things appear to be going better, you have overlooked
something.


Fortune's Guide to Movies:
G:   No girl.
PG:  The hero gets the girl.
R:   The bad guy gets the girl, then the good guy gets the girl.
X:   The hero still gets the girl in the end, but he's never sure
	which end it will be.
XXX: Everybody gets the girl.


It's more than magnificent -- it's mediocre.
		-- Sam Goldwyn


JOHN PAUL ELECTED POPE!!

(George and Ringo miffed.)


Secretary's Revenge:
	Filing almost everything under "the".


Half the world is composed of people who have something to say and can't,
and the other half who have nothing to say and keep on saying it.


Absinthe makes the tart grow fonder.


Trap full -- please empty.


What an artist dies with me!
		-- Nero


WHEN YOU'RE RIDING IN A TIME MACHINE way far into the future, don't stick
your elbow out the window or it'll turn into a fossil.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Prizes are for children.
		-- Charles Ives,
		   upon being given, but refusing, the Pulitzer prize


Shift to the left,
Shift to the right,
Mask in, mask out,
BYTE, BYTE, BYTE !!!


Newspaper editors are men who separate the wheat from the chaff, and then
print the chaff.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


Laissez Faire Economics is the theory that if each acts like a vulture,
all will end as doves.


No job too big; no fee too big!
		-- Dr. Peter Venkman, "Ghostbusters"


On ability:
	A dwarf is small, even if he stands on a mountain top;
	a colossus keeps his height, even if he stands in a well.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca, 4BC - 65AD


Chivalry, Schmivalry!
	Roger the thief has a
	method he uses for
	sneaky attacks:
Folks who are reading are
	Characteristically
	Always Forgetting to
	Guard their own bac ...


I'll pretend to trust you if you'll pretend to trust me.


A day without orange juice is like a day without orange juice.


You are going to have a new love affair.


Has anyone ever tasted an "end"?  Are they really bitter?


Louie Louie, me gotta go
Louie Louie, me gotta go

Fine little girl she waits for me
Me catch the ship for cross the sea
Me sail the ship all alone		Three nights and days me sail the sea
Me never thinks me make it home		Me think of girl constantly
(chorus)				On the ship I dream she there
					I smell the rose in her hair
Me see Jamaica moon above		(chorus, guitar solo)
It won't be long, me see my love
I take her in my arms and then
Me tell her I never leave again
		-- The real words to The Kingsmen's classic "Louie Louie"


The Sultan was peeved with his harem,
And cooked up a scheme for to scare'em.
	He caught a big mouse
	Which he loosed in the house.
(Such confusion is called harem-scarem).


Les salons de la ville de Trieste
Sont vaseux, suraigus, at funestes;
	Parmi les grandes chaises
	On cause des malaises,
Des estropiements, et des pestes.
		-- Edward Gorey


History is nothing but a collection of fables and useless trifles,
cluttered up with a mass of unnecessary figures and proper names.
		-- Leo Tolstoy


We are anthill men upon an anthill world.
		-- Ray Bradbury


Live fast, die young, and leave a flat patch of fur on the highway!
		-- The Squirrels' Motto (The "Hell's Angels of Nature")


Rome was not built in one day.
		-- John Heywood


The Pig, if I am not mistaken,
Gives us ham and pork and Bacon.
Let others think his heart is big,
I think it stupid of the Pig.
		-- Ogden Nash


External Security:


You may not be able to judge a book by its cover, but
you sure as hell can tell how much it's going to cost.


You will step on the night soil of many countries.


Magnocartic, adj.:
	Any automobile that, when left unattended, attracts shopping
	carts.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


The strong individual loves the earth so much he lusts for recurrence.  He
can smile in the face of the most terrible thought: meaningless, aimless
existence recurring eternally.  The second characteristic of such a man is
that he has the strength to recognize -- and to live with the recognition --
that the world is valueless in itself and that all values are human ones.
He creates himself by fashioning his own values; he has the pride to live
by the values he wills.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


I never cheated an honest man, only rascals.  They wanted
something for nothing.  I gave them nothing for something.
		-- Joseph "Yellow Kid" Weil


It is better to have a positive Wasserman than never to have loved at all.


I don't give a shit what happens.  I want you all to stonewall it.  Let
them plead the Fifth Amendment, cover up, or anything else if it'll save
the plan.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Virtue does not always demand a heavy sacrifice --
only the willingness to make it when necessary.
		-- Frederick Dunn


WE'LL LOOK INTO IT:
	By the time the wheels make a full turn, we
	assume you will have forgotten about it,too.


Chemistry professors never die, they just fail to react.


To say that UNIX is doomed is pretty rabid, OS/2 will certainly play a role,
but you don't build a hundred million instructions per second multiprocessor
micro and then try to run it on OS/2.  I mean, get serious.
		-- William Zachmann, International Data Corp


Let me not to the marriage of true minds
Admit impediments.  Love is not love
Which alters when it alteration finds,
Or bends with the remover to remove.
O, no! it is an ever-fixed mark,
That looks on tempests and is never shaken;
It is the star to every wandering bark,
Whose worth's unknown, although his height be taken.
Love's not Time's fool, though rosy lips and cheeks
Within his bending sickle's compass come;
Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks,
But bears it out even to the edge of doom.
    If this be error and upon me proved,
    I never writ, nor no man ever loved.
		-- William Shakespeare, Sonnet CXVI


The sergeant walked into the shower and caught me giving myself a
dishonorable discharge.  Without missing a beat, I said, "It's my dick
and I can wash it as fast as I want!"


All men have the right to wait in line.


Man's unique agony as a species consists in his perpetual
conflict between the desire to stand out and the need to blend in.
		-- Sydney J. Harris


Reinhart was never his mother's favorite -- and he was an only child.
		-- Thomas Berger


You never gain something but that you lose something.
		-- Thoreau


QOTD:
	"I used to be lost in the shuffle, now I just shuffle along with
	the lost."


"You are old," said the youth, "and I'm told by my peers
	That your lectures bore people to death.
Yet you talk at one hundred conventions per year --
	Don't you think that you should save your breath?"

"I have answered three questions and that is enough,"
	Said his father, "Don't give yourself airs!
Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?
	Be off, or I'll kick you downstairs!"


Those who can, do; those who can't, simulate.


Q:	How much does it cost to ride the Unibus?
A:	2 bits.


Hear about...
	the gay tattoo artist who had designs on several of the local
	sailors?


Don't expect people to keep in step--
it's hard enough just staying in line.


	Exxon's "Universe of Energy" tends to the peculiar rather than the
humorous ... After [an incomprehensible film montage about wind and sun and
rain and strip mines and] two or three minutes of mechanical confusion, the
seats locomote through a short tunnel filled with clock-work dinosaurs.
The dinosaurs are depicted without accuracy and too close to your face.
	"One of the few real novelties at Epcot is the use of smell to
aggravate illusions.  Of course, no one knows what dinosaurs smelled like,
but Exxon has decided they smelled bad.
	"At the other end of Dino Ditch ... there's a final, very addled
message about facing challengehood tomorrow-wise.  I dozed off during this,
but the import seems to be that dinosaurs don't have anything to do with
energy policy and neither do you."
		-- P. J. O'Rourke, "Holidays in Hell"


Distributed Systems people do it loosely coupled.


Ambition, n.:
	An ant crawling up an elephant's leg with rape on his mind.


Q:	How did the elephant get to the top of the oak tree?
A:	He sat on an acorn and waited for spring.

Q:	But how did he get back down?
A:	He crawled out on a leaf and waited for autumn.


Admittedly, there are a lot of things that are better than sex,
and a lot more that are worse; but there's nothing quite like it...


There's a couple of million dollars worth of baseball talent on the loose,
ready for the big leagues, yet unsigned by any major league.  There are
pitchers who would win 20 games a season ... and outfielders [who] could
hit .350, infielders who could win recognition as stars, and there's at
least one catcher who at this writing is probably superior to Bill Dickey,
Josh Gibson.  Only one thing is keeping them out of the big leagues, the
pigmentation of their skin.  They happen to be colored.
		-- Shirley Povich, 1941


I am returning this otherwise good typing paper to you because someone
has printed gibberish all over it and put your name at the top.
		-- Professor Lowd, English, Ohio University


George Washington was first in war, first in peace -- and the first to
have his birthday juggled to make a long weekend.
		-- Ashley Cooper


As you reach for the web, a venomous spider appears.  Unable to pull
your hand away in time, the spider promptly, but politely, bites you.
The venom takes affect quickly causing your lips to turn plaid along
with your complexion.  You become dazed, and in your stupor you fall
from the limbs of the tree.  Snap!  Your head falls off and rolls all
over the ground.  The instant before you croak, you hear the whoosh of
a vacuum being filled by the air surrounding your head.  Worse yet, the
spider is suing you for damages.


Don't kid yourself.  Little is relevant, and nothing lasts forever.


SUN Microsystems:
	The Network IS the Load Average.


QOTD:
	"I met her [his fiance] over lunch on Thursday.  She had a firm
	grip.  He's a lucky man."


Competitive fury is not always anger.  It is the true missionary's
courage and zeal in facing the possibility that one's best may not
be enough.
		-- Gene Scott


Walters' Rule:
	All airline flights depart from the gates most distant from
	the center of the terminal.  Nobody ever had a reservation
	on a plane that left Gate 1.


A bore is a man who talks so much about
himself that you can't talk about yourself.


Nothing, adj.:
	A man with an erection who walks into a wall and breaks his nose.


Play Rogue, visit exotic locations, meet strange creatures and kill
them.


Said Francesca, "My lack of volition
Is leading me straight to perdition;
	But I haven't the strength
	To go to the length
Of making an act of contrition."
		-- Edward Gorey


I think every good Christian ought to kick Falwell right in the ass.
		-- Barry Goldwater


	Sam went to his psychiatrist complaining of a hatred for elephants.
"I can't stand elephants," he explained.  "I lie awake nights despising
them.  The thought of an elephant fills me with loathing."
	"Sam," said the psychiatrist, "there's only one thing for you to do.
Go to Africa, organize a safari, find an elephant in the jungle and shoot it.
That way you'll get it out of your system."
	Sam immediately made arrangements for a safari hunt in Africa,
inviting his best friend to join him.  They arrived in Nairobi and lost no
time getting out on the jungle trails.  After they had been hunting for
several days, Sam's best friend grabbed him by the arm one morning and
yelled at him:
	"Sam, Sam, Sam!  Over there behind that tree there's and elephant!
Sam -- Get your gun -- no, no, not THAT gun -- the rifle with the longer
barrel!  Now aim it!  QUICK!  SAM!  QUICK!  No!  Not that way -- this way!
Be sure you don't jerk the trigger!  Wait SAM!  Don't let him see you!  Aim
at his head!"
	Sam whirled around, took aim, and killed his friend.  He was put in
prison and his psychiatrist flew to Africa to visit him.  "I sent you over
here to kill an elephant and instead you shoot your best friend," the
psychiatrist said.  "Why?"
	"Well," Sam replied, "there's only one thing in the world that I
hate more than elephants and that is a loudmouth know-it-all!"


Spare no expense to save money on this one.
		-- Samuel Goldwyn


Two heads are more numerous than one.


Q:	How much does it cost to ride the Unibus?
A:	2 bits.


Sam:   What do you know there, Norm?
Norm:  How to sit.  How to drink.  Want to quiz me?
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd

Sam:   Hey, how's life treating you there, Norm?
Norm:  Beats me. ...  Then it kicks me and leaves me for dead.
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd

Woody: How would a beer feel, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Pretty nervous if I was in the room.
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd


When all else fails, EAT!!!


Never settle with words what you can accomplish with a flame thrower.


Drive defensively, buy a tank.


	I got into an elevator at work and this man followed in after me.
I pushed "1" and he just stood there.  I said "Hi, where you going?"
	He said, "Phoenix."  So I pushed Phoenix.  A few seconds later
the doors opened, two tumbleweeds blew in... we were in downtown Phoenix.
	I looked at him and said "You know, you're the kind of guy I
want to hang around with."  We got into his car and drove out to his
shack in the desert.
	Then the phone rang.  He said "You get it."
	I picked it up and said "Hello?"
	The other side said "Is this Steven Wright?"
	I said "Yes..."
	The guy said "Hi, I'm Mr. Jones, the student loan director from
your bank.  It seems you have missed your last 17 payments, and the
university you attended said that they received none of the $17,000 we
loaned you.  We would just like to know what happened to the money?"
	I said, "Mr. Jones, I'll give it to you straight.  I gave all
of the money to my friend Slick, and with it he built a nuclear weapon...
and I would appreciate it you never called me again."
		-- Steven Wright


A system admin's life is a sorry one.  The only advantage he has over
Emergency Room doctors is that malpractice suits are rare.  On the
other hand, ER doctors never have to deal with patients installing
new versions of their own innards!
		-- Michael O'Brien


