	A novice asked the Master: "Here is a programmer that never designs,
documents, or tests his programs.  Yet all who know him consider him one of
the best programmers in the world.  Why is this?"
	The Master replies: "That programmer has mastered the Tao.  He has
gone beyond the need for design; he does not become angry when the system
crashes, but accepts the universe without concern.  He has gone beyond the
need for documentation; he no longer cares if anyone else sees his code.  He
has gone beyond the need for testing; each of his programs are perfect within
themselves, serene and elegant, their purpose self-evident.  Truly, he has
entered the mystery of the Tao."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Thrashing is just virtual crashing.


No sooner said than done -- so acts your man of worth.
		-- Quintus Ennius


If only you had a personality instead of an attitude.


It has been said that Public Relations is the art of winning friends
and getting people under the influence.
		-- Jeremy Tunstall


You are always busy.


I gained nothing at all from Supreme Enlightenment, and for that very
reason it is called Supreme Enlightenment.
		-- Gautama Buddha


Houdini escaping from New Jersey!


When I was little, I went into a pet shop and they asked how big I'd get.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


A single flow'r he sent me, since we met.
All tenderly his messenger he chose;
Deep-hearted, pure, with scented dew still wet--
One perfect rose.

I knew the language of the floweret;
"My fragile leaves," it said, "his heart enclose."
Love long has taken for his amulet
One perfect rose.

Why is it no one ever sent me yet
One perfect limousine, do you suppose?
Ah no, it's always just my luck to get
One perfect rose.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "One Perfect Rose"


A woman can never be too rich or too thin.


Democracy, n.:
	In which you say what you like and do what you're told.
		-- Gerald Barry

The difference between a Democracy and a Dictatorship is that in a
Democracy you vote first and take orders later; in a Dictatorship
you don't have to waste your time voting.
		-- Charles Bukowski


I'm not a pheasant plucker,
I'm a pheasant plucker's son.
I'm just a'plucking pheasants
'Til the pheasant plucker comes.
		-- The Irish Rovers


No Marxist can deny that the interests of socialism are higher
than the interests of the right of nations to self-determination.
		-- Lenin, 1918


Everybody knows that the dice are loaded.  Everybody rolls with their
fingers crossed.  Everybody knows the war is over.  Everybody knows the
good guys lost.  Everybody knows the fight was fixed: the poor stay
poor, the rich get rich.  That's how it goes.  Everybody knows.

Everybody knows that the boat is leaking.  Everybody knows the captain
lied.  Everybody got this broken feeling like their father or their dog
just died.

Everybody talking to their pockets.  Everybody wants a box of chocolates
and long stem rose.  Everybody knows.

Everybody knows that you love me, baby.  Everybody knows that you really
do.  Everybody knows that you've been faithful, give or take a night or
two.  Everybody knows you've been discreet, but there were so many people
you just had to meet without your clothes.  And everybody knows.

And everybody knows it's now or never.  Everybody knows that it's me or you.
And everybody knows that you live forever when you've done a line or two.
Everybody knows the deal is rotten: Old Black Joe's still pickin' cotton
for you ribbons and bows.  And everybody knows.
		-- Leonard Cohen, "Everybody Knows"


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(14) To free people, peace means the absence of threat.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Rate yourself on the nerd-o-matic scale. (1 point for each YES answer)

Are your glasses mended with a strip of masking tape right over your nose?
Do you put pennies in the slots in your penny loafers?
Does your bow-tie flash "hey you kid" in red neon at parties?
Do you think pizza before noon is unhealthy?
Do you use the "greasy kid's stuff" to stick down your cowlick?
Do you wear a "nerd-pack" in your shirt pocket to keep the dozen
	or so pencils from marking the cloth?
Do you think Mary Jane is somebody's name?
Is illegal fishing something only a daring criminal would do?
Is Batman your hero?  Superman?  Green Lantern?  The Shadow?
Do you think girls who kiss on the first date are loose?

0-2  -- You are really hip, a real cool cat, a hoopy frood.
3-5  -- There is hope for you yet.
6-7  -- Uh-oh, trouble in River City.
8-10 -- Your immortal soul is in peril.
11+  -- Does suicide seem attractive?


Hear about...
	the doctor that prescribed sex for insomnia?  His patients didn't
	get any more sleep, but they had more fun staying awake.


It's is not, it isn't ain't, and it's it's, not its, if you mean it is.
If you don't, it's its.  Then too, it's hers.  It isn't her's.  It isn't
our's either.  It's ours, and likewise yours and theirs.
		-- Oxford University Press, "Edpress News"


He didn't run for reelection.  "Politics brings you into contact with all
the people you'd give anything to avoid," he said. "I'm staying home."
		-- Garrison Keillor, "Lake Wobegon Days"


The acrobats - Tom and Louise-
Do an act in the nude on their knees.
	They crawl down the aisle
	While screwing dog-style,
As the orchestra plays Kilmer's "Trees."


You can't kiss a girl unexpectedly --
only sooner than she thought you would.


When in this world the headlines read
Of those whose hearts are filled with greed
Who rob and steal from those who need
The cry goes up with blinding speed for Underdog (UNDERDOG!)
Underdog (UNDERDOG!)
Speed of lightning, roar of thunder
Fighting all who rob or plunder
Underdog (ah-ah-ah-ah)
Underdog
UNDERDOG!


One day on a busy street corner a huge, burly looking man walked up to a police
officer and asks, "Thcuse me offither, can you tell me where thidee-thid, and
thacramento ith?"
	The police officer didn't reply at all, but just looked away.
	The large man then asked again, but still no reply.  After a few more
attempts which the police officer studiously ignored, the frustrated man
walked away.  An onlooking pedestrian then walked up to the officer and asked,
"Officer, why didn't you tell that man where thirty-third and Sacramento was?"  The police officer replied,
	"Thure, thure, and dit the thit ticked out of me!"


Bathquake, n.:
	The violent quake that rattles the entire house when the water
	faucet is turned on to a certain point.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity.


	A novice asked the master: "In the east there is a great tree-structure
that men call 'Corporate Headquarters'.  It is bloated out of shape with
vice-presidents and accountants.  It issues a multitude of memos, each saying
'Go, Hence!' or 'Go, Hither!' and nobody knows what is meant.  Every year new
names are put onto the branches, but all to no avail.  How can such an
unnatural entity exist?"
	The master replies: "You perceive this immense structure and are
disturbed that it has no rational purpose.  Can you not take amusement from
its endless gyrations?  Do you not enjoy the untroubled ease of programming
beneath its sheltering branches?  Why are you bothered by its uselessness?"
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Republicans raise dahlias, Dalmatians and eyebrows.
Democrats raise Airedales, kids and taxes.

Democrats eat the fish they catch.
Republicans hang them on the wall.

Republican boys date Democratic girls.  They plan to marry Republican
girls, but feel they're entitled to a little fun first.

Democrats make up plans and then do something else.
Republicans follow the plans their grandfathers made.

Republicans consume three-fourths of the rutabaga produced in the USA.
The remainder is thrown out.

Republicans sleep in twin beds -- some even in separate rooms.
That is why there are more Democrats.
		-- The Official Rules, as compiled by Paul Dickson


I was drunk last night, crawled home across the lawn.  By accident I
put the car key in the door lock.  The house started up.  So I figured
what the hell, and drove it around the block a few times.  I thought I
should go park it in the middle of the freeway and yell at everyone to
get off my driveway.
		-- Steven Wright


There was once a newly-married couple.  Now these two lovers were, well,
rather uptight about using expressions such as "having sex", "getting it on",
or "boffing the brains out".  So, they decided to use the euphemism, "doing
the laundry" whenever the topic of sex came up.
	One evening, hubby said, "Well, honey, feel like doing some laundry
tonite?", and she consented.  The next evening, hubby again asked, "Sweetie,
feel like doing some laundry tonite?"  Well, wifey wasn't really in the mood,
but complied.  On the third night, when hubby approached her, asking her to
participate in doing still MORE laundry, she replied, "Oh, Hon, I'm really not
in the mood for doing any laundry tonite."
	Well, hubby, being a bit disappointed, locked himself in the bathroom
and engaged in a spot of self-abuse instead.  Upon returning to the living
room, wifey said, "Well, Poopsie, I've changed my mind -- how about doing
some laundry?"  To which he replied, "Oh, no, that's okay, I just did a small
load!"


To a Californian, a person must prove himself criminally insane before he
is allowed to drive a taxi in New York.  For New York cabbies, honesty and
stopping at red lights are both optional.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


God made the integers; all else is the work of Man.
		-- Kronecker


The United States Army:
194 years of proud service,
unhampered by progress.


Close the door, let me give you what you've been waiting for!!


A Nixon [is preferable to] a Dean Rusk -- who will be passionately
wrong with a high sense of consistency.
		-- J. K. Galbraith


You always introduce the younger person to the older person, using the
wording:  "Miss Brown, I'd like to introduce you to an older person"
(unless her name is not "Miss Brown").  If you do not know a person's
age, ask for a driver's license and a major credit card.  If you are
introduced to a member of a minority group, use the "high-five" style
handshake, followed by a remark designed to show you don't mind a bit,
such as "I see you are a (name of a minority group)!  Good!"
		-- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"


Beware of self-styled experts: an ex is a has-been, and a spurt is a
drip under pressure.


Crush!  Kill!  Destroy!


This is the first age that's paid much attention to the future,
which is a little ironic since we may not have one.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke


Blutarsky's Axiom:
	Nothing is impossible for the man who will not listen to reason.


Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
		-- Mark Twain


My parents went to Niagra Falls and all I got was this crummy life.


Now hatred is by far the longest pleasure;
Men love in haste, but they detest at leisure.
		-- George Gordon, Lord Byron, "Don Juan"


The glances over cocktails
That seemed to be so sweet
Don't seem quite so amorous
Over Shredded Wheat


Bill Dickey is learning me his experience.
		-- Yogi Berra in his rookie season


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #5 -- LAIDBACK

	LAIDBACK was developed at the (now defunct) Marin County Center for
T'ai Chi, Mellowness and Computer Programming, as an alternative to the more
intense languages of nearby Silicon Valley.
	The Center was ideal for programmers who liked to soak in hot tubs
while they worked.  Unfortunately, few programmers could survive there long,
since the Center outlawed pizza and RC Cola in favor of bean curd and Perrier.
	Many mourn the demise of LAIDBACK because of its reputation as a
gentle and nonthreatening language.  For example, LAIDBACK responded to
syntax errors with the message SORRY MAN, I JUST CAN'T DEAL BEHIND THAT.


****  GROWTH CENTER REPAIR SERVICE

For those who have had too much of Esalen, Topanga, and Kairos.
Tired of being genuine all the time?  Would you like to learn how
to be a little phony again?  Have you disclosed so much that you're
beginning to avoid people?  Have you touched so many people that
they're all beginning to feel the same?  Like to be a little dependent?
Are perfect orgasms beginning to bore you?  Would you like, for once,
not to express a feeling?  Or better yet, not be in touch with it at
all?  Come to us.  We promise to relieve you of the burden of your
great potential.


One day on a busy street corner a huge, burly looking man walked up to a police
officer and asks, "Thcuse me offither, can you tell me where thidee-thid, and
thacramento ith?"
	The police officer didn't reply at all, but just looked away.
	The large man then asked again, but still no reply.  After a few more
attempts which the police officer studiously ignored, the frustrated man
walked away.  An onlooking pedestrian then walked up to the officer and asked,
"Officer, why didn't you tell that man where thirty-third and Sacramento was?"  The police officer replied,
	"Thure, thure, and dit the thit ticked out of me!"


No self-respecting fish would want to be wrapped in that kind of
paper.
		-- Mike Royko on the Chicago Sun-Times after it was
		   taken over by Rupert Murdoch


Only adults have difficulty with childproof caps.


Lucky is he for whom the belle toils.


Qvid me anxivs svm?


No committee could ever come up with anything as revolutionary as a
camel -- anything as practical and as perfectly designed to perform
effectively under such difficult conditions.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


Nine megs for the secretaries fair,
Seven megs for the hackers scarce,
Five megs for the grads in smoky lairs,
Three megs for system source;

One disk to rule them all,
One disk to bind them,
One disk to hold the files
And in the darkness grind 'em.


My darling wife was always glum.
I drowned her in a cask of rum,
And so made sure that she would stay
In better spirits night and day.


Economist, n.:
	Someone who's good with figures, but doesn't have enough
	personality to become an accountant.


Q:	What do Winnie the Pooh and John the Baptist have in common?
A:	The same middle name.


I've only got 12 cards.


Help stamp out Mickey-Mouse computer interfaces -- Menus are for Restaurants!


I never forget a face, but in your case I'll make an exception.
		-- Groucho Marx


Says an airlining wanton named Vi:
"I'm a pantyless stew when I fly.
	To a muffer's delight,
	I'll take head on a flight,
So the guy can have pie in the sky."


	A young husband with an inferiority complex insisted he was just a
little pebble on the beach.  The marriage counselor told him, "If you wish to
save your marriage, you'd better be a little boulder."


To be patriotic, hate all nations but your own; to be religious, all sects
but your own; to be moral, all pretences but your own.
		-- Lionel Strachey


Chipmunks roasting on an open fire
Jack Frost ripping up your nose
Yuletide carolers being thrown in the fire
And folks dressed up like buffaloes
Everybody knows a turkey slaughtered in the snow
Helps to make the season right
Tiny tots with their eyes all gouged out
Will find it hard to see tonight
They know that Santa's on his way
He's loaded lots of guns and bullets on his sleigh
And every mother's child is sure to spy
To see if reindeer really scream when they die
And so I'm offering this simple phrase
To kids from one to ninety two
Although it's been said many times, many ways
Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas, Fuck you!!


Man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft...
and the only one that can be mass produced with unskilled labor.
		-- Wernher von Braun


You are capable of planning your future.


Fortune understands that the vote on a bill to legalize bisexuality
could go either way.


If you had better tools, you could more
effectively demonstrate your total incompetence.


An atom-blaster is a good weapon, but it can point both ways.
		-- Isaac Asimov


Once there was this conductor see, who had a bass problem.  You see, during
a portion of Beethoven's Ninth Symphony in which there are no bass violin
parts, one of the bassists always passed a bottle of scotch around.  So,
to remind himself that the basses usually required an extra cue towards the
end of the symphony, the conductor would fasten a piece of string around the
page of the score before the bass cue.  As the basses grew more and more
inebriated, two of them fell asleep.  The conductor grew quite nervous (he
was very concerned about the pitch) because it was the bottom of the ninth;
the score was tied and the basses were loaded with two out.


A cannibal warrior is experiencing severe gastric distress, so he goes
to his Village Witch Doctor with his complaint.  The VWD examines him
and, concluding that something he ate disagreed with him, began to cross
examine him about his recent diet.
	"Well, I ate a missionary yesterday.  Do you think that could be
the problem?"
	The VWD says "Hmmmm."  (All doctors say "Hmmmm.")  "That could be.
Tell me a bit about this missionary."
	"Well, he was tall for a white man, wearing a brown robe.  He was
walking down the trail, not watching for danger, so I speared him, dragged
him home, cleaned him, boiled him and ate him."
	"Ah-hah!" (All doctors say "Ah-hah!")  There's your problem," smiles
the VWD.  You boiled him, but he was a friar!"


Who was that masked man?


While I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping,
As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door.
		-- Edgar Allan Poe, "The Raven"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to hardware interrupts.]

And now I see with eye serene
The very pulse of the machine.
		-- William Wordsworth, "She Was a Phantom of Delight"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to software interrupts.]


Excess on occasion is exhilarating.  It prevents moderation from
acquiring the deadening effect of a habit.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham


"Technique?" said the programmer turning from his terminal, "What I follow
is Tao -- beyond all technique! When I first began to program I would see
before me the whole problem in one mass. After three years I no longer saw
this mass.  Instead, I used subroutines.  But now I see nothing.  My whole
being exists in a formless void.  My senses are idle.  My spirit, free to
work without plan, follows its own instinct.  In short, my program writes
itself.  True, sometimes there are difficult problems.  I see them coming, I
slow down, I watch silently.  Then I change a single line of code and the
difficulties vanish like puffs of idle smoke.  I then compile the program.
I sit still and let the joy of the work fill my being.  I close my eyes for
a moment and then log off."


Wok, n.:
	Something to thwow at a wabbit.


You know if they ever find a way to harness sarcasm as an energy source,
you people are all going to owe me big.
		-- Bill Paul


NO OPIUM-SMOKING IN THE ELEVATORS
		-- sign in the Rand Hotel, New York, 1907


	Mr. Jones related an incident from "some time back" when IBM Canada
Ltd. of Markham, Ont., ordered some parts from a new supplier in Japan.  The
company noted in its order that acceptable quality allowed for 1.5 per cent
defects (a fairly high standard in North America at the time).
	The Japanese sent the order, with a few parts packaged separately in
plastic. The accompanying letter said: "We don't know why you want 1.5 per
cent defective parts, but for your convenience, we've packed them separately."
		-- Excerpted from an article in The (Toronto) Globe and Mail


In time, every post tends to be occupied by an
employee who is incompetent to carry out its duties.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


	"Darling," she whispered, "will you still love me after we are
married?"
	He considered this for a moment and then replied, "I think so.
I've always been especially fond of married women."


The world is so full of a number of things,
I'm sure we should all be as happy as kings.
	I'll tell you a story--
	It won't take me long--
Of a brother and sister whose tale is my song.

There was an old fellow and what do you think?
He lived on the cheese that he scraped from his dink.
	He whacked it, he hacked it,
	He ate it with glee-
Was there ever a fellow so happy as he?

This charming old chap had a sister as well:
She was ugly and gaunt, with a horrible smell.
	Her cunt was so dirty
	It stank like a beast,
And the odor killed flies as they gathered to feast.

What a wonderful family!  What marvelous style!
I'll bet you and I aren't close by a mile.
	Their odor and diet
	Won't soon be forgotten,
And one day you and I may be equally rotten.


Halley's Comet: It came, we saw, we drank.


So it's ai yi yi yi,
Your sister swims out to meet troop ships!
So sing me another verse that worse than the other verse,
And waltz me around by my willie!

	There once was a man from Racine!
	Who invented a screwing machine!
		Both concave and convex,
		It could please either sex,
	But, oh, what a bastard to clean!

So it's ai yi yi yi,
Your girlfriend douches with Drano!
So sing me another verse that worse than the other verse,
And waltz me around by my willie!

	One night a girl had an affair!
	With a fellow all covered with hair!
		His enormous red whang,
		Gave her a wonderful bang --
	She'd been diddled by Smokey the bear!


	Mr. Jones related an incident from "some time back" when IBM Canada
Ltd. of Markham, Ont., ordered some parts from a new supplier in Japan.  The
company noted in its order that acceptable quality allowed for 1.5 per cent
defects (a fairly high standard in North America at the time).
	The Japanese sent the order, with a few parts packaged separately in
plastic. The accompanying letter said: "We don't know why you want 1.5 per
cent defective parts, but for your convenience, we've packed them separately."
		-- Excerpted from an article in The (Toronto) Globe and Mail


...And have you ever noticed that you never see the Father, the Son, and
the Holy Ghost partying together at the same time?  Oh, sure, everybody
talks like they aren't the same person, but I wonder...


... [concerning quotation marks] even if we *_d_i_d* quote anybody in this
business, it probably would be gibberish.
		-- Thom McLeod


Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark.
Professionals built the Titanic.


We'll try to cooperate fully with the IRS, because, as citizens,
we feel a strong patriotic duty not to go to jail.
		-- Dave Barry


Let others praise ancient times; I am glad I was born in these.
		-- Ovid (43 B.C. - A.D. 18)


The cruelest of creatures' the crab
With claws that can pinch you or stab,
	And then when you dine
	On crab and white wine
It gets you as well with the tab.


But Officer, I stopped for the last one, and it was green!


Write-protect tab, n.:
	A small sticker created to cover the unsightly notch carelessly left
	by disk manufacturers.  The use of the tab creates an error message
	once in a while, but its aesthetic value far outweighs the momentary
	inconvenience.
		-- Robb Russon


Some circumstantial evidence is very strong,
as when you find a trout in the milk.
		-- Thoreau


I cannot conceive that anybody will require multiplications at the rate
of 40,000 or even 4,000 per hour ...
		-- F. H. Wales (1936)


Using words to describe magic is like using a screwdriver to cut roast beef.
		-- Tom Robbins


LEO (July 23 - Aug 22)
	You consider yourself a born leader.  Others think you are pushy.
	Most Leo people are bullies.  You are vain and dislike honest
	criticism.  Your arrogance is disgusting.  Leo people are thieves.


A bore is someone who persists in holding his
own views after we have enlightened him with ours.


Courage is fear that has said its prayers.


If there is a sin against life, it consists perhaps not so much in despairing
of life as in hoping for another life and in eluding the implacable grandeur
of this life.
		-- Albert Camus


The person you rejected yesterday could make you happy, if you say yes.


The sooner you fall behind, the more time you'll have to catch up!


BASIC, n.:
	A programming language.  Related to certain social diseases in
	that those who have it will not admit it in polite company.


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #17 -- SARTRE

	Named after the late existential philosopher, SARTRE is an extremely
unstructured language.  Statements in SARTRE have no purpose; they just are.
Thus SARTRE programs are left to define their own functions.  SARTRE
programmers tend to be boring and depressed, and are no fun at parties.


Old programmers never die, they just become managers.


Everyone's in a high place when you're on your knees.


A mathematician is a machine for converting coffee into theorems.


Welcome to UNIX!  Enjoy your session!  Have a great time!  Note the
use of exclamation points!  They are a very effective method for
demonstrating excitement, and can also spice up an otherwise plain-looking
sentence!  However, there are drawbacks!  Too much unnecessary exclaiming
can lead to a reduction in the effect that an exclamation point has on
the reader!  For example, the sentence

	Jane went to the store to buy bread

should only be ended with an exclamation point if there is something
sensational about her going to the store, for example, if Jane is a
cocker spaniel or if Jane is on a diet that doesn't allow bread or if
Jane doesn't exist for some reason!  See how easy it is?!  Proper control
of exclamation points can add new meaning to your life!  Call now to receive
my free pamphlet, "The Wonder and Mystery of the Exclamation Point!"!
Enclose fifteen(!) dollars for postage and handling!  Operators are
standing by!  (Which is pretty amazing, because they're all cocker spaniels!)


English literature's performing flea.
		-- Sean O'Casey on P. G. Wodehouse


Today is the first day of the rest of your life.


Christ died for our sins, so let's not disappoint Him.


George Orwell 1984.  Northwestern 0.
		-- Chicago Reader 10/15/82


Nadia Comaneci, simple perfection.
		-- '76 Olympics


For some reason a glaze passes over people's faces when you say
"Canada".  Maybe we should invade South Dakota or something.
		-- Sandra Gotlieb, wife of the Canadian ambassador to the U.S.


You have been in Afghanistan, I perceive.
		-- Sherlock Holmes, "A Study in Scarlet"


P-K4


You will soon forget this.


Air, n.:
	A nutritious substance supplied by a bountiful Providence for
	the fattening of the poor.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Moustache rides, 50 cents.


If being bi increases your chance of getting a date,
does being poly increase your chance of getting dumped?


What has roots as nobody sees,
Is taller than trees,
Up, up it goes,
And yet never grows?


Lions in the street and roaming,
Dogs in heat, rabid, foaming,
A beast caged in the heart of the city.
The body of his mother lying in the summer ground,
He fled the town.
Went down south across the border,
Left the chaos and disorder
Back there, over his shoulder.
One morning he awoke in a green hotel,
A strange creature groaning beside him.
Sweat oozed from its shiny skin.
Is everybody in?  The ceremony is about to begin.
		-- Jim Morrison, "Celebration of the Lizard"


Old McDonald had a farm,
E-I-E-I-O!
And on this farm he had some chicks,
E-I-E-I-O!
With a chick-chick here,
And a chick-chick there,
Here a chick,
There a chick,
Everywhere a chick-chick,
Old McDonald lost his farm
'Cause he had too many chicks!


It was a virgin forest, a place where the Hand of Man had never set
foot.


Hear about...
	the compulsive gambler who drove to Las Vegas, pulled up to
	a parking meter, put a dime in -- and lost his car?


Does he treat your breasts like unripe grapefruit?  Who needs him?
		-- J, "The Sensuous Woman"


Nuclear war would really set back cable.
		-- Ted Turner


Moebius strippers never show you their back side.


Many people feel that if you won't let
them make you happy, they'll make you suffer.


This guy walks into a bank and up to a female bank teller:

Man:	"I want to open a fuckin' savings account."
Teller:	"Excuse me, sir?"
M:	"Listen, bitch, I want to open a fuckin' savings account."
T:	"Sir, I don't have to listen to this abusive language."
M:	"LOOK!  I just want to open a fuckin' savings account."
T:	"Sir, you leave me no choice but to speak to the manager."

The teller walks over and explains the customer's rude behavior to the bank
manager who then accompanies her back to the teller booth.

Mgr:	"Can I help you, sir?"
M:	"I want to open a fuckin' savings account."
Mgr:	"Please, sir, we'll be delighted to help you, but we must request
	that you not use abusive language to our tellers."
M:	"Look. I just won $25 million in the state lottery and I want to
	open a fuckin' savings account!"
Mgr:	"I see.  And has this cunt been giving you any trouble?"


Johnson's law:
	Systems resemble the organizations that create them.


I've been watching you closely to see if you have been good this year;
and since you have, I will be telling my elves to make some goodies for me
to leave under your tree on Christmas.  I was going to bring you all the
gifts from the twelve days of Christmas, but we had a little problem up here.
The twelve fiddlers fiddling have all come down with V.D. from fiddling with
the ten ladies dancing, the eleven lords-a-leaping have knocked up the eight
maids-a-milking, and the nine pipers piping have been arrested for doing
weird things to the seven swans-a-swimming and the six geese-a-laying.  The
four calling birds, three French hens, two turtle doves, and the partridge
in the pear tree have me up to my ass in birdshit.  On top of all this, Mrs.
Claus is going through menopause, eight of my reindeer are in heat, the elves
have joined gay liberation, and those dumb ass Polacks have scheduled
Christmas for the fifth of February.  I'll do what I can.
		Sincerely,
		Santa


Don't you wish you had more energy... or less ambition?


