I don't believe in astrology.  But then I'm an Aquarius, and Aquarians
don't believe in astrology.
		-- James R. F. Quirk


A modem is a baudy house.


Given a choice between grief and nothing, I'd choose grief.
		-- William Faulkner


	A novice asked the master: "In the east there is a great tree-structure
that men call 'Corporate Headquarters'.  It is bloated out of shape with
vice-presidents and accountants.  It issues a multitude of memos, each saying
'Go, Hence!' or 'Go, Hither!' and nobody knows what is meant.  Every year new
names are put onto the branches, but all to no avail.  How can such an
unnatural entity exist?"
	The master replies: "You perceive this immense structure and are
disturbed that it has no rational purpose.  Can you not take amusement from
its endless gyrations?  Do you not enjoy the untroubled ease of programming
beneath its sheltering branches?  Why are you bothered by its uselessness?"
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


I was in Vegas last week. I was at the roulette table, having a
lengthy argument about what I considered an Odd number.
		-- Steven Wright


We thrive on euphemism.  We call multi-megaton bombs "Peace-keepers", closet
size apartments "efficient" and incomprehensible artworks "innovative".  In
fact, "euphemism" has become a euphemism for "bald-faced lie".  And now, here
are the euphemisms so colorfully employed in Personal Ads:

EUPHEMISM			REALITY
-------------------		-------------------------
Excited about life's journey	No concept of reality
Spiritually evolved		Oversensitive
Moody				Manic-depressive
Soulful				Quiet manic-depressive
Poet				Boring manic-depressive
Sultry/Sensual			Easy
Uninhibited			Lacking basic social skills
Unaffected and earthy		Slob and lacking basic social skills
Irreverent			Nasty and lacking basic social skills
Very human			Quasimodo's best friend
Swarthy				Sweaty even when cold or standing still
Spontaneous/Eclectic		Scatterbrained
Flexible			Desperate
Aging child			Self-centered adult
Youthful			Over 40 and trying to deny it
Good sense of humor		Watches a lot of television


LIBRA (Sep. 23 to Oct. 22)
	Your desire for justice and truth will be overshadowed by your desire
	for filthy lucre and a decent meal.  Be gracious and polite.  Someone
	is watching you, so stop staring like that.


An Englishman never enjoys himself, except for a noble purpose.
		-- A. P. Herbert


Your nature demands love and your happiness depends on it.


Someone is unenthusiastic about your work.


The rule on staying alive as a forecaster is to give 'em a number or
give 'em a date, but never give 'em both at once.
		-- Jane Bryant Quinn


There was a man who enjoyed playing golf, and could occasionally put up
with taking in a round with his wife.  One time (with his wife along) he
was having an extremely bad round.  On the 12th hole, he sliced a drive
over by a grounds-keepers' shack.  Although he did not have a clear shot
to the green, his wife noticed that there were two doors on the shack,
and there was a possibility that, if both doors were opened, he might be
able to hit through.  Without hesitation, he instructed his wife to go
around to the other side and open the far door.  Sure enough, this gave
him a clear path to the green.  He stepped up to his ball and prepared
to hit.  His wife had been standing by the far door waiting for him to
hit through.  After a moment, she became curious and stuck her head in
the doorway, to see what he was doing.  At that exact moment, the husband
cracked a three-wood that hit his wife square on the forehead, killing
her instantly.  A few weeks later, the man was playing a round at the same
course, this time with a friend of his.  Once again on the 12th hole, he
sliced his drive to the shack.  His friend suggested that he might be able
to hit through, if he was to open both doors.
	"Nah", replied the man, "Last time I did that I took a 7".


Celebrate Hannibal Day this year.  Take an elephant to lunch.


So so is good, very good, very excellent good:
and yet it is not; it is but so so.
		-- William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"


If you know the answer to a question, don't ask.
		-- Petersen Nesbit


If you learn one useless thing every day, in a single year you'll learn
365 useless things.


Acquaintance, n.:
	A person whom we know well enough to borrow from but not well
	enough to lend to.  A degree of friendship called slight when the
	object is poor or obscure, and intimate when he is rich or famous.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Camille's Axiom:
	If you haven't asked yourself, "Why the hell did
	I go to college anyway?", you must be teaching.


What they said:
	What they meant:

"I recommend this candidate with no qualifications whatsoever."
	(Yes, that about sums it up.)
"The amount of mathematics she knows will surprise you."
	(And I recommend not giving that school a dime...)
"I simply can't say enough good things about him."
	(What a screw-up.)
"I am pleased to say that this candidate is a former colleague of mine."
	(I can't tell you how happy I am that she left our firm.)
"When this person left our employ, we were quite hopeful he would go
a long way with his skills."
	(We hoped he'd go as far as possible.)
"You won't find many people like her."
	(In fact, most people can't stand being around her.)
"I cannot recommend him too highly."
	(However, to the best of my knowledge, he has never committed a
	 felony in my presence.)


Montana:
	Where men are men and women are sheep.


How come only your friends step on your new white sneakers?


Look up and not down, look forward and not back, look out and not in,
and lend a hand.
		-- Edward Everett Hale, "Lowell Institute Lectures" (1869)


A University without students is like an ointment without a fly.
		-- Ed Nather, professor of astronomy at UT Austin


A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS:

1. DO NOT EXPECT YOUR DOCTOR TO SHARE YOUR DISCOMFORT.
	Involvement with the patient's suffering might cause him to lose
	valuable scientific objectivity.

2. BE CHEERFUL AT ALL TIMES.
	Your doctor leads a busy and trying life and requires all the
	gentleness and reassurance he can get.

3. TRY TO SUFFER FROM THE DISEASE FOR WHICH YOU ARE BEING TREATED.
	Remember that your doctor has a professional reputation to uphold.


Q:	Why are Unix emulators like your right hand?
A:	They're just pussy substitutes!


You will gain money by an illegal action.


Love ain't nothin' but sex misspelled.


British education is probably the best in the world, if you can survive
it.  If you can't there is nothing left for you but the diplomatic corps.
		-- Peter Ustinov


There are some things we mustn't expose,
So we hide them away in our clothes.
	Oh, it's shocking to stare
	At what's certainly there--
But why this is so, heaven knows.


I think...  I think it's in my basement... Let me go upstairs and check.
		-- M. C. Escher


Beef stroganoff, n.:
	A bull masturbating.


Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody may be looking.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "A Mencken Chrestomathy"


Trifles make perfection, and perfection is no trifle.
		-- Michelangelo


A city is a large community where people are lonesome together.
		-- Herbert Prochnow


				SEMINAR ANNOUNCEMENT

Title:		Are Frogs Turing Compatible?
Speaker:	Don "The Lion" Knuth

				ABSTRACT
	Several researchers at the University of Louisiana have been studying
the computing power of various amphibians, frogs in particular.  The problem
of frog computability has become a critical issue that ranges across all areas
of computer science.  It has been shown that anything computable by an amphi-
bian community in a fixed-size pond is computable by a frog in the same-size
pond -- that is to say, frogs are Pond-space complete.  We will show that
there is a log-space, polywog-time reduction from any Turing machine program
to a frog.  We will suggest these represent a proper subset of frog-computable
functions.
	This is not just a let's-see-how-far-those-frogs-can-jump seminar.
This is only for hardcore amphibian-computation people and their colleagues.
	Refreshments will be served.  Music will be played.


Absence is to love what wind is to fire.  It extinguishes the small,
it enkindles the great.


FORTUNE REMEMBERS THE GREAT MOTHERS: #5

	"And, and, and, and, but, but, but, but!"
		-- Mrs. Janice Markowsky, April 8, 1965


Instead of thinking of spam as a disease that might be eliminated,
it is more useful to think of it like crime, war and cockroaches.
It is not realistic to expect to eliminate any of these, no matter
how much anyone might wish otherwise. Therefore the best we can
hope to accomplish is to bring spam under reasonable control...
		-- Dave Crocker


If you don't do the things that are not worth doing, who will?


Never have so many understood so little about so much.
		-- James Burke


Far duller than a serpent's tooth it is to spend a quiet youth.


A friend with weed is a friend indeed.


Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.


Do you feel personally responsible for the world food shortage?
Every time you go to the beach, does the tide come in?
Have you ever eaten an entire moose?
Can you see your neck?
Do joggers take laps around you for exercise?
If so, welcome to National Fat Week.
This week we'll eat without guilt, and kick off our membership campaign,
	...by force-feeding a box of cornstarch to a skinny person.
		-- Garfield


You always have the option of pitching baseballs at empty
spray paint cans in a cul-de-sac in a Cleveland suburb.


Conquering Russia should be done steppe by steppe.


I put contact lenses in my dog's eyes.  They had little pictures of cats
on them.  Then I took one out and he ran around in circles.
		-- Steven Wright


Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
		-- Albert Einstein


"Contrariwise," continued Tweedledee, "if it was so, it might be, and
if it were so, it would be; but as it isn't, it ain't.  That's logic!"
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


QOTD:
	"It's a cold bowl of chili, when love don't work out."


The best way to get rid of worries is to let them die of neglect.


Sharks are as tough as those football fans who take their shirts off
during games in Chicago in January, only more intelligent.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sex and the Single Amoeba: What Every
		   Teen Should Know"


Breathe deep the gathering gloom.
Watch lights fade from every room.
Bed-sitter people look back and lament;
another day's useless energies spent.

Impassioned lovers wrestle as one.
Lonely man cries for love and has none.
New mother picks up and suckles her son.
Senior citizens wish they were young.

Cold-hearted orb that rules the night;
Removes the colors from our sight.
Red is grey and yellow white.
But we decide which is real, and which is an illusion."
		-- The Moody Blues, "Days of Future Passed"


Poisoned coffee, n.:
	Grounds for divorce.


Now hatred is by far the longest pleasure;
Men love in haste, but they detest at leisure.
		-- George Gordon, Lord Byron, "Don Juan"


Don't hate yourself in the morning -- sleep till noon.


Three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Hear about...
	the ultimate in singles bars.  It's a place where girls have
	to show their I.U.D.'s to be admitted?


If coke is a joke, I'm waiting around for the next line.


You can't hug a child with nuclear arms.


	"Gentlemen of the jury," said the defense attorney, now beginning
to warm to his summation, "the real question here before you is, shall this
beautiful young woman be forced to languish away her loveliest years in a
dark prison cell?  Or shall she be set free to return to her cozy little
apartment at 4134 Mountain Ave. -- there to spend her lonely, loveless hours
in her boudoir, lying beside her little Princess phone, 962-7873?"


Your sister swims out to meet troop ships.


What good is it if you talk in flowers, and they think in pastry?
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


Both models are identical in performance, functional operation, and
interface circuit details.  The two models, however, are not compatible
on the same communications line connection.
		-- Bell System Technical Reference


FORTUNE TESTS THE GREAT MANAGERS: #6

You are having lunch with a prospective vendor talking about what could be
your best deal of the year.  During the conversation a blonde walks into
the restaurant and she is so stunning you draw your companion's attention
to her and give a vivid description of what you would do if you had her alone
in your hotel.  She walks over to your table and the vendor introduces her as
his daughter.  Your next move is to:

	(a)  Ask for her hand in marriage.
	(b)  Pass out and hope for sympathy.
	(c)  Forget the business; repeat the conversation to the
		daughter and get her number.
	(d)  Turn red and slink off into the men's room.


Suppose for a moment that the automobile industry had developed at the same
rate as computers and over the same period:  how much cheaper and more
efficient would the current models be?  If you have not already heard the
analogy, the answer is shattering.  Today you would be able to buy a
Rolls-Royce for $2.75, it would do three million miles to the gallon, and
it would deliver enough power to drive the Queen Elizabeth II.  And if you
were interested in miniaturization, you could place half a dozen of them on
a pinhead.
		-- Christopher Evans


No one regards what is before his feet; we all gaze at the stars.
		-- Quintus Ennius


If men are not afraid to die,
it is of no avail to threaten them with death.

If men live in constant fear of dying,
And if breaking the law means a man will be killed,
Who will dare to break the law?

There is always an official executioner.
If you try to take his place,
It is like trying to be a master carpenter and cutting wood.
If you try to cut wood like a master carpenter,
	you will only hurt your hand.
		-- Tao Te Ching, "Lao Tsu, #74"


After I run your program, let's make love like crazed weasels, OK?


May you have many beautiful and obedient daughters.


Our problems are so serious that the best
way to talk about them is lightheartedly.


Q:	Why was Cinderella banished from the Magic Kingdom?
A:	For sitting on Pinocchio's face and screaming, "Tell the truth!
	Tell a lie!  Tell the truth!  Tell a lie!"


See - the thing is - I'm an absolutist.  I mean, kind of ... in a way ...


I don't understand what all the fuss was about in Los Angeles.
It's not like we looted Brooks Brothers when Oliver North got off.
		-- P.J. O'Rourke


And if California slides into the ocean,
Like the mystics and statistics say it will.
I predict this motel will be standing,
Until I've paid my bill.
		-- Warren Zevon, "Desperados Under the Eaves"


I've been watching you closely to see if you have been good this year;
and since you have, I will be telling my elves to make some goodies for me
to leave under your tree on Christmas.  I was going to bring you all the
gifts from the twelve days of Christmas, but we had a little problem up here.
The twelve fiddlers fiddling have all come down with V.D. from fiddling with
the ten ladies dancing, the eleven lords-a-leaping have knocked up the eight
maids-a-milking, and the nine pipers piping have been arrested for doing
weird things to the seven swans-a-swimming and the six geese-a-laying.  The
four calling birds, three French hens, two turtle doves, and the partridge
in the pear tree have me up to my ass in birdshit.  On top of all this, Mrs.
Claus is going through menopause, eight of my reindeer are in heat, the elves
have joined gay liberation, and those dumb ass Polacks have scheduled
Christmas for the fifth of February.  I'll do what I can.
		Sincerely,
		Santa


Many are cold, but few are frozen.


The best way to cut off a cat's tail is to repossess his Jaguar.


When you live in a sick society,
just about everything you do is wrong.


Absolutum obsoletum.  (If it works, it's out of date.)
		-- Stafford Beer


One Saturday afternoon, during the campaign to decide whether or not there
should be a Coastal Commission, I took a helicopter ride from Los Angeles
to San Diego.  We passed several state beaches, some crowded and some
virtually empty.  They had the same facilities, and in some cases the crowded
and the empty beach were within a quarter mile of each other.  Obviously
many beach-goers prefer to be crowded together. Buying more beaches that
people won't go to because they prefer to be crowded together on one beach
is a ridiculous waste of our natural resources and our taxes.
		-- Ronald Reagan


The older I grow, the less important the comma becomes.
Let the reader catch his own breath.
		-- Elizabeth Clarkson Zwart


Genius is the talent of a person who is dead.


It's difficult to see the picture when you are inside the frame.


When the ax entered the forest, the trees said, "The handle is one of us!"
		-- Turkish proverb


I would like to know
What I was fencing in
And what I was fencing out.
		-- Robert Frost


	"What do you do when your real life exceeds your wildest
fantasies?"
	"You keep it to yourself."
		-- Broadcast News


If it wasn't so warm out today, it would be cooler.


I've spent almost all of my life with highly intelligent men.  They're not
like other men.  Their spirit is great and stimulating.  They hate strife;
indeed they reject it.  Their inventive gifts are boundless.  They demand
devotion and obedience.  And a sense of humor.  I happily gave all of this.
I was lucky to be chosen and clever enough to understand them.
		-- Marlene Dietrich, on her friendship with Ernest Hemingway


Democracy is a government where you can say what you think even if you
don't think.


You have mail.


I love you more than anything in this world.  I don't expect that will last.
		-- Elvis Costello


Language is a virus from another planet.
		-- William Burroughs


Misfortune, n.:
	The kind of fortune that never misses.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


If the aborigine drafted an IQ test, all of Western civilization would
presumably flunk it.
		-- Stanley Garn


When a lion meets another with a louder roar,
the first lion thinks the last a bore.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


The little town that time forgot,
Where all the women are strong,
The men are good-looking,
And the children above-average.
		-- Prairie Home Companion


Much to his Mum and Dad's dismay, Horace ate himself one day.
He didn't stop to say his grace, he just sat down and ate his face.
"We can't have this!" his Dad declared, "If that lad's ate, he should
	be shared."
But even as he spoke they saw Horace eating more and more:
First his legs and then his thighs, his arms, his nose, his hair, his eyes...
"Stop him someone!" Mother cried, "Those eyeballs would be better fried!"
But all too late, for they were gone, and he had started on his dong...
"Oh! foolish child!" the father mourns "You could have deep-fried that
	with prawns,
Some parsley and some tartar sauce..."
But H. was on his second course: his liver and his lights and lung,
His ears, his neck, his chin, his tongue; "To think I raised him from the cot,
And now he's going to scoff the lot!"
His Mother cried: "What shall we do?  What's left won't even make a stew..."
And as she wept, her son was seen, to eat his head, his heart his spleen.
and there he lay: a boy no more, just a stomach on the floor...
None the less, since it *was* his, they ate it -- that's what haggis is.


Misery no longer loves company.
Nowadays it insists on it.
		-- Russell Baker


