Who can take the demands of the SDS seriously?
		-- Nathan Pusey


Q:	What goes green, red, green, red, pink, pink, pink?
A:	A frog in a blender.

Q:	What do you get if you add 2 eggs to it??
A:	Frognogg.  If you drink it, you croak.


A programming language is low level
when its programs require attention to the irrelevant.


"Well, I took your advice, Doc", said Knopp,
"And told my wife to try it on top.
	She bounced for an hour,
	Till she ran out of power,
And the kids, who'd grown bored, made us stop."


That's the true harbinger of spring, not crocuses or swallows
returning to Capistrano, but the sound of a bat on a ball.
		-- Bill Veeck


Many enraged psychiatrists are inciting a weary butcher.  The butcher is
weary and tired because he has cut meat and steak and lamb for hours and
weeks.  He does not desire to chant about anything with raving psychiatrists,
but he sings about his gingivectomist, he dreams about a single cosmologist,
he thinks about his dog.  The dog is named Herbert.
		-- Racter, "The Policeman's Beard is Half-Constructed"


And all that the Lorax left here in this mess
was a small pile of rocks with the one word, "unless."
Whatever THAT meant, well, I just couldn't guess.
That was long, long ago, and each day since that day,
I've worried and worried and worried away.
Through the years as my buildings have fallen apart,
I've worried about it with all of my heart.

"BUT," says the Oncler, "now that you're here,
the word of the Lorax seems perfectly clear!
UNLESS someone like you cares a whole awful lot,
nothing is going to get better - it's not.
So... CATCH!" cries the Oncler.  He lets something fall.
"It's a truffula seed.  It's the last one of all!

"You're in charge of the last of the truffula seeds.
And truffula trees are what everyone needs.
Plant a new truffula -- treat it with care.
Give it clean water and feed it fresh air.
Grow a forest -- protect it from axes that hack.
Then the Lorax and all of his friends may come back!"
		-- Dr. Seuss, "The Lorax"


Love is sentimental measles.


Seems a computer engineer, a systems analyst, and a programmer were
driving down a mountain when the brakes gave out.  They screamed down the
mountain, gaining speed, but finally managed to grind to a halt, more by
luck than anything else, just inches from a thousand foot drop to jagged
rocks.  They all got out of the car:
	The computer engineer said, "I think I can fix it."
	The systems analyst said, "No, no, I think we should take it
into town and have a specialist look at it."
	The programmer said, "OK, but first I think we should get back
in and see if it does it again."


I would like to know
What I was fencing in
And what I was fencing out.
		-- Robert Frost


I don't wish to appear overly inquisitive, but are you still alive?


XXXVI:
	The thickness of the proposal required to win a multimillion dollar
	contract is about one millimeter per million dollars.  If all the
	proposals conforming to this standard were piled on top of each other
	at the bottom of the Grand Canyon it would probably be a good idea.
XXXVII:
	Ninety percent of the time things will turn out worse than you expect.
	The other 10 percent of the time you had no right to expect so much.
XXXVIII:
	The early bird gets the worm.
	The early worm ... gets eaten.
XXXIX:
	Never promise to complete any project within six months of the end of
	the year -- in either direction.
XL:
	Most projects start out slowly -- and then sort of taper off.
		-- Norman Augustine


Karlson's Theorem of Snack Food Packages:

For all P, where P is a package of snack food, P is a SINGLE-SERVING
package of snack food.

Gibson the Cat's Corollary:

For all L, where L is a package of lunch meat, L is Gibson's package
of lunch meat.


If clear thinking created sparks, we could safely store dynamite in
James Watt's office.
		-- Wayne Shannon, KRON-TV


Stellar rays prove fibbing never pays.
Embezzlement is another matter.


Man who dance in crowded ballroom
dance cheek to cheek with woman behind him.


For fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
		-- Alexander Pope


A soft answer turneth away wrath; but grievous words stir up anger.
		-- Proverbs 15:1


Symptom:		Everything has gone dark.
Fault:			The Bar is closing.
Action Required:	Panic.

Symptom:		You awaken to find your bed hard, cold and wet.
			You cannot see the bathroom light.
Fault:			You have spent the night in the gutter.
Action Required:	Check your watch to see if bars are open yet.  If not,
			treat yourself to a lie-in.

		-- Bar Troubleshooting


The Bible is not my Book and Christianity is not my religion.  I could
never give assent to the long complicated statements of Christian dogma.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Bahdges?  We don't need no stinkin' bahdges!
		-- "The Treasure of Sierra Madre"


Alex came home from a business trip to Chicago and found no one home but his
daughter Rose, who was crying bitterly.
	"What's the matter, darling?" asked Alex.
	"Mommy almost died last night," sobbed Rose.
	"That's nonsense," said the father.  "Why do you say that?"
	"Well," said Rose,"you always told us that when we die we'll see God;
so when I heard Mommy moaning last night I rushed to her bedroom and she was
screaming, "Oh God, here I come," and she would have but Uncle Jerry held her
down."


Don't put off for tomorrow what you can do today because
if you do it today, you can do it again tomorrow.


The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed
ideas in the mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald


It's is not, it isn't ain't, and it's it's, not its, if you mean it is.
If you don't, it's its.  Then too, it's hers.  It isn't her's.  It isn't
our's either.  It's ours, and likewise yours and theirs.
		-- Oxford University Press, "Edpress News"


CONSULTATION:
	Medical term meaning "to share the wealth."


Loan-department manager:  "There isn't any fine print.  At these
interest rates, we don't need it."


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(33) There will always be poor people.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Science is facts; just as houses are made of stones, so is science made
of facts; but a pile of stones is not a house and a collection of facts
is not necessarily science.
		-- Jules Henri Poincar'e


If anyone has seen my dog, please contact me at x2883 as soon as possible.
We're offering a substantial reward.  He's a sable collie, with three legs,
blind in his left eye, is missing part of his right ear and the tip of his
tail.  He's been recently fixed.  Answers to "Lucky".


Machine-Independent, adj.:
	Does not run on any existing machine.


If at first you don't succeed, you're doing about average.
		-- Leonard Levinson


Know Thy User.


Sic transit gloria mundi.
[So passes away the glory of this world.]
		-- Thomas a Kempis


My philosophy is: Don't think.
		-- Charles Manson


Climate and Surgery
	R C Gilchrist, who was shot by J Sharp twelve days ago, and who
received a derringer ball in the right breast, and who it was supposed at
the time could not live many hours, was on the street yesterday and the
day before - walking several blocks at a time.  To those who design to be
riddled with bullets or cut to pieces with Bowie-knives, we cordially
recommend our Sacramento climate and Sacramento surgery.
		-- Sacramento Daily Union, September 11, 1861


Remember that as a teenager you are in the last stage of your life when
you will be happy to hear that the phone is for you.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


If you're worried by earthquakes and nuclear war,
As well as by traffic and crime,
Consider how worry-free gophers are,
Though living on burrowed time.
		-- Richard Armour, WSJ, 11/7/83


THE MX IS GOOD FOR THE ECONOMY.  One important reason we have a Defense
Department is that when we give it money, it spends it, which creates
jobs, whereas if we left the money in the hands of civilians, we don't
know what they'd do with it.  Probably put it in open trenches and set
it on fire.  The MX will create an especially large number of jobs
because of the number of warheads it carries.  It carries a total of 10
warheads.  This creates a great deal of employment, because you have
your Warhead Makers, your Warhead Lifters, your Persons Who Tap the
Warheads Gently with Rubber Mallets to Wedge Them All Snugly Into the
Nose Cone, your Persons Who Just Walk Around Playing Soothing Cassettes
by Recording Artists such as Perry Como So We Don't Have Any More
Episodes Where a Worker Who is Experiencing Some Strain Sticks a
Warhead in the Employee Cafeteria Microwave and Sets It On Roast, etc.
We are talking about a lot of jobs.
		-- Dave Barry, "At Last, the Ultimate Deterrent Against
		   Political Fallout"


The truth is rarely pure, and never simple.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Q:	What goes red, white, red, white, pink, pink, pink?
A:	Baby in a blender.

Q:	Why do you put a baby in a blender feet first?
A:	So you can watch the expression on its little face.


Nouvelle cuisine, n.:
	French for "not enough food".

Continental breakfast, n.:
	English for "not enough food".

Tapas, n.:
	Spanish for "not enough food".

Dim Sum, n.:
	Chinese for more food than you've ever seen in your entire life.


What is status?
	Status is when the President calls you for your opinion.

Uh, no...
	Status is when the President calls you in to discuss a
	problem with him.

Uh, that still ain't right...
	STATUS is when you're in the Oval Office talking to the President,
	and the phone rings.  The President picks it up, listens for a
	minute, and hands it to you, saying, "It's for you."


The more things change, the more they stay insane.


A stitch in time saves nine.


If we were meant to get up early, God would have created us
with alarm clocks.


	"I quite agree with you," said the Duchess; "and the moral of
that is -- `Be what you would seem to be' -- or, if you'd like it put
more simply -- `Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it
might appear to others that what you were or might have been was not
otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be
otherwise.'"
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


Hear about...
	the girl who called her boyfriend Amaretto, 'cause he was
	such a sweet liquor?


A bar patron returned from the men's room grumbling to himself.
	"What's the trouble, buddy?" the bartender inquired.
	"You got John Wayne toilet paper in there!"
	"What do you mean?" the barkeeper asked.
	"It's rough, it's tough, and it doesn't take shit from nobody."


Committees have become so important nowadays that subcommittees have to
be appointed to do the work.


You canna change the laws of physics, Captain;
I've got to have thirty minutes!


Q:	How can you tell when a Burroughs salesman is lying?
A:	When his lips move.


Even a hawk is an eagle among crows.


I'm not the person your mother warned you about... her imagination isn't
that good.
		-- Amy Gorin


George Washington not only chopped down his father's cherry tree, but
he also admitted doing it.  Now, do you know why his father didn't
punish him?  Because George still had the axe in his hand.


TAURUS (Apr.20 - May 20)
	Take advantage of this opportunity to get a little extra sleep,
	because you're going to miss the bus again today anyway.  You will
	decide to lose weight today, just like yesterday.


Anything is good and useful if it's made of chocolate.


"Force is but might," the teacher said--
"That definition's just."
The boy said naught but thought instead,
Remembering his pounded head:
"Force is not might but must!"


Some circumstantial evidence is very strong,
as when you find a trout in the milk.
		-- Thoreau


I gained nothing at all from Supreme Enlightenment, and for that very
reason it is called Supreme Enlightenment.
		-- Gautama Buddha


That woman speaks eight languages and can't say "no" in any of them.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Shhh... be vewy, vewy, quiet!  I'm hunting wabbits...


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

Compiler optimizations have been made to macro expand LET into a WITHOUT-
INTERRUPTS special form so that it can PUSH things into a stack in the
LET-OPTIMIZATION area, SETQ the variables and then POP them back when it's
done.  Don't worry about this unless you use multiprocessing.
Note that LET *could* have been defined by:

	(LET ((LET '`(LET ((LET ',LET))
			,LET)))
	`(LET ((LET ',LET))
		,LET))

This is believed to speed up execution by as much as a factor of 1.01 or
3.50 depending on whether you believe our friendly marketing representatives.
This code was written by a new programmer here (we snatched him away from
Itty Bitti Machines where we was writing COUGHBOL code) so to give him
confidence we trusted his vows of "it works pretty well" and installed it.


	A program should be light and agile, its subroutines connected like a
strings of pearls.  The spirit and intent of the program should be retained
throughout.  There should be neither too little nor too much, neither needless
loops nor useless variables, neither lack of structure nor overwhelming
rigidity.
	A program should follow the "Law of Least Astonishment."  What is this
law?  It is simply that the program should always respond to the user in the
way that astonishes him least.
	A program, no matter how complex, should act as a single unit.  The
program should be directed by the logic within rather than by outward
appearances.
	If the program fails in these requirements, it will be in a state of
disorder and confusion.  The only way to correct this is to rewrite the
program.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


If all the world's a stage, I want to operate the trap door.
		-- Paul Beatty


To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first
and, whatever you hit, call it the target.


You need no longer worry about the future.
This time tomorrow you'll be dead.


Nowlan's Theory:
	He who hesitates is not only lost, but several miles from
	the next freeway exit.


Matter cannot be created or destroyed,
nor can it be returned without a receipt.


Magic is always the best solution -- especially reliable magic.


Know thyself.  If you need help, call the C.I.A.


It is a hard matter, my fellow citizens,
to argue with the belly, since it has no ears.
		-- Marcus Porcius Cato


So you're back... about time...


A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil.
		-- Victor Hugo


I only date queers.
		-- Bisexuality, 101
		[I'm not queer, but my boyfriend is!  Ed.]


There are two ways of disliking poetry;
one way is to dislike it, the other is to read Pope.
		-- Oscar Wilde


The eagle may soar, but the weasel never gets sucked into a jet engine.


Every successful person has had failures
but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success.


... and the fully armed nuclear warheads are of course merely a
courtesy detail.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Software production is assumed to be a line function, but it is run
like a staff function."
		-- Paul Licker


Someone is speaking well of you.
How unusual!


Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.


God is an atheist.


We laugh at the Indian philosopher, who to account for the support
of the earth, contrived the hypothesis of a huge elephant, and to support
the elephant, a huge tortoise.  If we will candidly confess the truth, we
know as little of the operation of the nerves, as he did of the manner in
which the earth is supported: and our hypothesis about animal spirits, or
about the tension and vibrations of the nerves, are as like to be true, as
his about the support of the earth.  His elephant was a hypothesis, and our
hypotheses are elephants.  Every theory in philosophy, which is built on
pure conjecture, is an elephant; and every theory that is supported partly
by fact, and partly by conjecture, is like Nebuchadnezzar's image, whose
feet were partly of iron, and partly of clay.
		-- Thomas Reid, "An Inquiry into the Human Mind", 1764


Why be difficult, when, with just a
little more effort, you can be impossible?


Do people know you have freckles everywhere?


Retirement means that when someone says "Have a nice day", you
actually have a shot at it.


I'd rather laugh with the sinners,
Than cry with the saints,
The sinners are much more fun!
		-- Billy Joel, "Only The Good Die Young"


You humans are all alike.


If I traveled to the end of the rainbow
As Dame Fortune did intend,
Murphy would be there to tell me
The pot's at the other end.
		-- Bert Whitney


I tell them to turn to the study of mathematics, for it
is only there that they might escape the lusts of the flesh.
		-- Thomas Mann, "The Magic Mountain"


It is amusing that a virtue is made of the vice of chastity; and
it's a pretty odd sort of chastity at that, which leads men straight
into the sin of Onan, and girls to the waning of their color.
		-- Voltaire


Flattery is like cologne -- to be smelled, but not swallowed.
		-- Josh Billings


The sight of his guests filled Lord Cray
At breakfast with horrid dismay,
	So he launched off the spoons
	The pits from his prunes
At their heads as they neared the buffet.
		-- Edward Gorey


Don't hate yourself in the morning -- sleep till noon.


Moebius always does it on the same side.


Virtue does not always demand a heavy sacrifice --
only the willingness to make it when necessary.
		-- Frederick Dunn


Steckel's Rule to Success:
	Good enough is never good enough.


The divinity of Jesus is made a convenient cover for absurdity.  Nowhere in
the Gospels do we find a precept for Creeds, Confessions, Oaths, Doctrines,
and whole carloads of other foolish trumpery that we find in Christianity.
		-- John Adams


Anybody that wants the presidency so much that he'll spend two years
organizing and campaigning for it is not to be trusted with the office.
		-- David Broder


Hacker's Law:
	The belief that enhanced understanding will necessarily stir a
	nation to action is one of mankind's oldest illusions.


George Orwell 1984.  Northwestern 0.
		-- Chicago Reader 10/15/82


Creating computer software is always a demanding and painstaking
process -- an exercise in logic, clear expression, and almost fanatical
attention to detail.  It requires intelligence, dedication, and an
enormous amount of hard work.  But, a certain amount of unpredictable
and often unrepeatable inspiration is what usually makes the difference
between adequacy and excellence.


This life is a test.  It is only a test.  Had this been an
actual life, you would have received further instructions as
to what to do and where to go.


Sex is about as important as a cheese sandwich.  But a cheese sandwich,
if you ain't got one to put in your belly, is extremely important.
		-- Ian Dury


Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature.
		-- Rich Kulawiec


	An Englishman, a Frenchman and an American are captured by cannibals.
The leader of the tribe comes up to them and says, "Even though you are about
to killed, your deaths will not be in vain.  Every part of your body will be
used.  Your flesh will be eaten, for my people are hungry.  Your hair will be
woven into clothing, for my people are naked.  Your bones will be ground up
and made into medicine, for my people are sick.  Your skin will be stretched
over canoe frames, for my people need transportation.  We are a fair people,
and we offer you a chance to kill yourself with our ceremonial knife."
	The Englishman accepts the knife and yells, "God Save the Queen",
while plunging the knife into his heart.
	The Frenchman removes the knife from the fallen body, and yells,
"Vive la France", while plunging the knife into his heart.
	The American removes the knife from the fallen body, and yells,
while stabbing himself all over his body, "Here's your lousy canoe!"


It's a good thing we don't get all the government we pay for.


Al didn't smile for forty years.  You've got to admire a man like that.
		-- from "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman"


Hickery Dickery Dock,
The mice ran up the clock,
The clock struck one,
The others escaped with minor injuries.


If all be true that I do think,
There be five reasons why one should drink;
Good friends, good wine, or being dry,
Or lest we should be by-and-by,
Or any other reason why.


