After the ground war began, captured Iraqi soldiers said any of them caught
by superiors wearing a white T-shirt would be executed because of the ease
with which the shirts could be used as surrender flags.  Some Iraqi soldiers
carried bleach with them to make their dark shirts white.
		-- Chuck Shepherd, Funny Times, May 1991


I'm a lover not a dancer!
I'm a lover not a dancer!
Don't want to be on my feet,
When I can be on my back,
Don't want to be on the floor,
When I can be in the sack!
I'm a lover not a dancer!
I'm a lover not a dancer!
I'm just a little bit tired
If you know what I mean,
Don't want to be in a crowd
When I can be in a dream!
I'm a lover not a dancer!
Baby!
And, baby, let me prove it to you,
Baby, let me prove it to you!
		-- Jim Steinman, "Dance in my Pants"


The only difference between your girlfriend
and a barracuda is the nail polish.


Q:	What's the difference between "Oooh" and "Aaah"?
A:	About three inches.


CONFIRMED BACHELOR:
	A man who goes through life without a hitch.


Revolution, n.:
	In politics, an abrupt change in the form of misgovernment.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Der Horizont vieler Menschen ist ein Kreis mit Radius Null -
und das nennen sie ihren Standpunkt.


Though a program be but three lines long, someday it will have to
be maintained.
		-- The Tao of Programming


Send lawyers, guns, and money,
The shit has hit the fan.
		-- Warren Zevon


In bed Dr. Oscar McPugh
Spoke of Spengler -- and ate crackers too.
	His wife said, "Oh, stuff
	That philosophy guff
Up your ass, dear, and throw me a screw!"


	The wise programmer is told about the Tao and follows it.  The average
programmer is told about the Tao and searches for it.  The foolish programmer
is told about the Tao and laughs at it.  If it were not for laughter, there
would be no Tao.
	The highest sounds are the hardest to hear.  Going forward is a way to
retreat.  Greater talent shows itself late in life.  Even a perfect program
still has bugs.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


	A man was reading The Canterbury Tales one Saturday morning, when his
wife asked "What have you got there?"  Replied he, "Just my cup and Chaucer."


I will not say that women have no character; rather, they have a new
one every day.
		-- Heine


If what they've been doing hasn't solved the problem, tell them to
do something else.
		-- Gerald Weinberg, "The Secrets of Consulting"


MONTANA:
	Where forty-three below keeps out the riff-raff.


Indomitable in retreat; invincible in
advance; insufferable in victory.
		-- Winston Churchill, on General Montgomery


One is often kept in the right road by a rut.
		-- Gustave Droz


Disclaimer: "These opinions are my own, though for a small fee they be
yours too."
		-- Dave Haynie


Cut a man's hand when you fight him.  He'll freeze, fascinated by the sight
of his own blood.  That's when you stick him in the throat.
		-- Gerry Youghkins

If you look rather casual with the knife when you flick it open, people
don't like it.
		-- Gerry Youghkins


It is explained that all relationships require a little give and take.  This
is untrue.  Any partnership demands that we give and give and give and at the
last, as we flop into our graves exhausted, we are told that we didn't give
enough.
		-- Quentin Crisp, "How to Become a Virgin"


The rain it raineth on the just
And also on the unjust fella:
But chiefly on the just, because
The unjust steals the just's umbrella.
		-- Lord Bowen


Drug, n.:
	A substance that, when injected into a rat, produces a scientific
	paper.


Reality is just a convenient measure of complexity.
		-- Alvy Ray Smith


	"Mind if I smoke?"
	"I don't care if you burst into flames and die!"


Many pages make a thick book.


Ass, grass or gas... nobody rides for free!


Never trust an automatic pistol or a D.A.'s deal.
		-- John Dillinger


Cheops' Law:
	Nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget.


Musing on her present and past professions as "dominant/sadomasochism
fantasy fulfiller" and dental hygienist, Sybil said, "I couldn't really
understand why I wanted to be a dental hygienist, but years later, after
being in the SM world a long time, I figured it out:  I'm in uniform,
they're not.  I'm standing up, they're lying down.  I'm doing painful
things to them for their own good.  This is so ME."
		-- The Daily Cal, September 29, 1992 In an article titled:
		   "Kinky sex remains alive and whipping despite threat
		    of AIDS, book reveals"


One planet is all you get.


I never said all Democrats were saloonkeepers;
what I said was all saloonkeepers were Democrats.


Real computer scientists don't program in assembler.  They don't write
in anything less portable than a number two pencil.


Female rabbits:
	The gift that just "keeps on giving."


The police were investigating the mysterious death of a prominent businessman
who had jumped from a window of his 11th story office.  His voluptuous private
secretary could offer no explanation for the action but said that her boss had
been acting peculiarly ever since she started working for him a month ago.
	"After my very first week on the job," she said, "I received a
twenty-dollar raise.  At the end of the second week he called me into his
private office, gave me a lovely black nightie, five pairs of nylon stockings
and said, 'These are for a beautiful, efficient secretary.'  At the end of the
third week he gave me a gorgeous mink stole.  Then, this afternoon, he called me
into his private office again, presented me with this fabulous diamond bracelet
and asked me if I would consider making love to him and what it would cost.
I told him I would, and because he had been so nice to me, he could have it
for five dollars, although I was charging all the other boys in the office ten
dollars.  That's when he jumped out the window."


The best man for the job is often a woman.


Flattery will get you everywhere.


Q:	Why don't Scotsmen ever have coffee the way they like it?
A:	Well, they like it with two lumps of sugar.  If they drink
	it at home, they only take one, and if they drink it while
	visiting, they always take three.


Reporter (to Mahatma Gandhi):
		Mr. Gandhi, what do you think of Western Civilization?
Gandhi:		I think it would be a good idea.


I think...  I think it's in my basement... Let me go upstairs and check.
		-- M. C. Escher


The great question that has never been answered and which I have not
yet been able to answer despite my thirty years of research into the
feminine soul is: WHAT DOES A WOMAN WANT?
		-- Sigmund Freud


There is no distinctly native American criminal class except Congress.
		-- Mark Twain


One man's folly is another man's wife.
		-- Helen Rowland


An atom-blaster is a good weapon, but it can point both ways.
		-- Isaac Asimov


Hear about...
	the absent-minded exhibitionist who was arrested for exposing
	his whatchamacalit?


The difference between a good haircut and a bad one is seven days.


Dime is money.


This fortune would be seven words long if it were six words shorter.


Sometimes love ain't nothing but a misunderstanding between two fools.


Always leave room to add an explanation if it doesn't work out.


Termiter's argument that God is His own grandmother generated a surprising
amount of controversy among Church leaders, who on the one hand considered
the argument unsupported by scripture but on the other hand were unwilling
to risk offending God's grandmother.
		-- Len Cool, "American Pie"


Reality is for people who can't deal with drugs.
		-- Lily Tomlin


A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
Therefore, a man without a woman is like a bicycle without a fish.


Thought:
	Girls get minks the same way minks get minks!


To converse at the distance of the Indes by means of sympathetic contrivances
may be as natural to future times as to us is a literary correspondence.
		-- Joseph Glanvill, 1661


Si Dieu n'existait pas, il faudrait l'inventer.
		-- Voltaire


God created woman.
And boredom did indeed cease from that moment --
but many other things ceased as well.
Woman was God's second mistake.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after.


Friends, n.:
	People who borrow your books and set wet glasses on them.

	People who know you well, but like you anyway.


Why are we importing all these highbrow plays like "Amadeus?"  I could
have told you Mozart was a jerk for nothing.
		-- Ian Shoales


Well, see, Joyce, there we were, trapped in the elevator.  Now, I had
my tennis racquet and the goldfish; she was holding the Crisco.  Surely
you can imagine how one thing naturally led to another!


... the privileged being which we call human is distinguished from
other animals only by certain double-edged manifestations which in
charity we can only call "inhuman."
		-- R. A. Lafferty


What the scientists have in their briefcases is terrifying.
		-- Nikita Khruschev


You ask what a nice girl will do?
She won't give an inch, but she won't say no.
		-- Marcus Valerius Martialis


	If you do your best the rest of the way, that takes care of
everything. When we get to October 2, we'll add up the wins, and then
we'll either all go into the playoffs, or we'll all go home and play golf.
	Both those things sound pretty good to me.
		-- Sparky Anderson


In a five year period we can get one superb programming language.
Only we can't control when the five year period will begin.


America works less, when you say "Union Yes!"


A LISP programmer knows the value of
everything, but the cost of nothing.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


Life is one long struggle in the dark.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


Every time I lose weight, it finds me again!


I used to be such a sweet sweet thing, 'til they got a hold of me,
I opened doors for little old ladies, I helped the blind to see,
I got no friends 'cause they read the papers, they can't be seen,
With me, and I'm feelin' real shot down,
And I'm, uh, feelin' mean,
	No more, Mr. Nice Guy,
	No more, Mr. Clean,
	No more, Mr. Nice Guy,
They say "He's sick, he's obscene".

My dog bit me on the leg today, my cat clawed my eyes,
Ma's been thrown out of the social circle, and Dad has to hide,
I went to church, incognito, when everybody rose,
The reverend Smithy, he recognized me,
And punched me in the nose, he said,
(chorus)
He said "You're sick, you're obscene".
		-- Alice Cooper, "No More Mr. Nice Guy"


No matter how much you do you never do enough.


Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
		-- W. C. Fields


My mind can never know my body, although
it has become quite friendly with my legs.
		-- Woody Allen, on Epistemology


No, "Eureka" is Greek for "This bath is too hot."
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


ASCII a stupid question, you get an EBCDIC answer.


	"The best thing for being sad," replied Merlin, beginning to puff
and blow, "is to learn something.  That's the only thing that never fails.
You may grow old and trembling in your anatomies, you may lie awake at
night listening to the disorder of your veins, you may miss your only love,
you may see the world about you devastated by evil lunatics, or know your
honour trampled in the sewers of baser minds. There is only one thing for
it then -- to learn.  Learn why the world wags and what wags it.  That is
the only thing which the mind can never exhaust, never alienate, never be
tortured by, never fear or distrust, and never dream of regretting.  Learning
is the only thing for you.  Look what a lot of things there are to learn."
		-- T. H. White, "The Once and Future King"


By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.


Long, long ago, in the Old West, a rancher rode into town to buy supplies.
When he returned, he found that his whole family had been killed, his wife
raped, his house burned, and all his cattle rustled.  When he told his
distant neighbors about the tragedy, a few of them reported that the only
stranger they had seen in the area for weeks was a tall desperado wearing a
black hat and a red neckerchief.
	The cowboy saddled his fastest horse and set out to find the villian.
He searched for months but couldn't catch up with the culprit; in town after
dusty town he was told that a man fitting the description had been there but
had just departed; usually after some heinous crime.
	One evening after a hard day's ride he came into a town, tied his
horse, and entered the saloon.  At a table in the corner sat an ugly man,
with a black hat and a red neckerchief!  Slowly the cowboy stalked up to
this man, his hands resting upon his guns.
	"Are you the man who killed my family, raped my wife, burned my
house and rustled my cattle?"
	"Probably; after so many, how can I be sure?" snarled the bandit.
	"You better cut that shit out!"


It [marriage] happens as with cages: the birds without despair
to get in, and those within despair of getting out.
		-- Michel Eyquem de Montaigne


David Sarnoff, 1964: "The computer will become the hub of a vast network of
remote data stations and information banks feeding into the machine at
a transmission rate of a billion or more bits of information a
second. Laser channels will vastly increase both data capacity and the
speeds with which it will be transmitted.  Eventually, a global
communications network handling voice, data and facsimile will
instantly link man to machine--or machine to machine--by land, air,
underwater, and space circuits. [The computer] will affect man's
ways of thinking, his means of education, his relationship to his physical
and social environment, and it will alter his ways of living...
[Before the end of this century, these forces] will coalesce into what
unquestionably will become the greatest adventure of the human mind."
		-- Eugene Lyons, "David Sarnoff" 1966


Life is too short to stuff a mushroom.
		-- Storm Jameson


Mickey Mouse wears a Spiro Agnew watch.


All snakes who wish to remain in Ireland will please raise their right hands.
		-- Saint Patrick


Woody:  What's the story, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   The Bobbsey twins go to the brewery.
	Let's just cut to the happy ending.
		-- Cheers, Airport V

Woody:  Hey, Mr. Peterson, there's a cold one waiting for you.
Norm:   I know, and if she calls, I'm not here.
		-- Cheers, Bar Wars II: The Woodman Strikes Back

Sam:  Beer, Norm?
Norm: Have I gotten that predictable?  Good.
		-- Cheers, Don't Paint Your Chickens


All things that are, are with more spirit chased than enjoyed.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Merchant of Venice"


If you wants to get elected president, you'se got to think up some
memoraboble homily so's school kids can be pestered into memorizin' it,
even if they don't know what it means.
		-- Walt Kelly, "The Pogo Party"


Puritanism -- the haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "A Book of Burlesques"


I didn't get sophisticated -- I just got tired.
But maybe that's what sophisticated is -- being tired.
		-- Rita Gain


Charity begins at home.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)


	A Scotsman was strolling across High Street one day wearing his kilt.
As he neared the far curb, he noticed two young blondes in a red convertible
eyeing him and giggling.  One of them called out, "Hey, Scotty!  What's worn
under the kilt?"
	He strolled over to the side of the car and asked, "Ach, lass, are you
SURE you want to know?"  Somewhat nervously, the blonde replied yes, she did
really want to know.
	The Scotsman leaned closer and confided, "Why, lass, nothing's worn
under the kilt, everything's in perfect workin' order!"


Facts are the enemy of truth.
		-- Don Quixote


Brain, n.:
	The apparatus with which we think that we think.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I've ever known.
		-- Walt Disney


