Ideas don't stay in some minds very long because they don't like
solitary confinement.


ARIES (Mar 21 - Apr 19)
	You are the pioneer type and hold most people in contempt.  You are
	quick tempered, impatient, and scornful of advice.  You are not
	very nice.


Q:	Why did the tachyon cross the road?
A:	Because it was on the other side.


No man would listen to you talk if he didn't know it was his turn next.
		-- Edgar W. Howe


I wish a robot would get elected president.  That way, when he came to town,
we could all take a shot at him and not feel too bad.
		-- Jack Handey


You may be right, I may be crazy,
But maybe it's a lunatic you're looking for?
		-- Billy Joel


<Daibashiw> Wasn't EMACS originally developed as a swap memory stresser,
though?

<``Erik> lispos emulator? gotta admit it's well featured, the only thing
it lacks is a decent editor


Bees are very busy souls
They have no time for birth controls
And that is why in times like these
There are so many Sons of Bees.


Double-blind Experiment, n.:
	An experiment in which the chief researcher believes he is
fooling both the subject and the lab assistant.  Often accompanied
by a strong belief in the tooth fairy.


	 A Plan for the Improvement of English Spelling
			  by Mark Twain

	For example, in Year 1 that useless letter "c" would be dropped
to be replased either by "k" or "s", and likewise "x" would no longer
be part of the alphabet.  The only kase in which "c" would be retained
would be the "ch" formation, which will be dealt with later.  Year 2
might reform "w" spelling, so that "which" and "one" would take the
same konsonant, wile Year 3 might well abolish "y" replasing it with
"i" and Iear 4 might fiks the "g/j" anomali wonse and for all.
	Jenerally, then, the improvement would kontinue iear bai iear
with Iear 5 doing awai with useless double konsonants, and Iears 6-12
or so modifaiing vowlz and the rimeining voist and unvoist konsonants.
Bai Iear 15 or sou, it wud fainali bi posibl tu meik ius ov thi
ridandant letez "c", "y" and "x" -- bai now jast a memori in the maindz
ov ould doderez -- tu riplais "ch", "sh", and "th" rispektivli.
	Fainali, xen, aafte sam 20 iers ov orxogrefkl riform, wi wud
hev a lojikl, kohirnt speling in ius xrewawt xe Ingliy-spiking werld.


If the colleges were better, if they really had it, you would need to get
the police at the gates to keep order in the inrushing multitude.  See in
college how we thwart the natural love of learning by leaving the natural
method of teaching what each wishes to learn, and insisting that you shall
learn what you have no taste or capacity for.  The college, which should
be a place of delightful labor, is made odious and unhealthy, and the
young men are tempted to frivolous amusements to rally their jaded spirits.
I would have the studies elective.  Scholarship is to be created not
by compulsion, but by awakening a pure interest in knowledge.  The wise
instructor accomplishes this by opening to his pupils precisely the
attractions the study has for himself.  The marking is a system for schools,
not for the college; for boys, not for men; and it is an ungracious work to
put on a professor.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Make it right before you make it faster.


I want to reach your mind -- where is it currently located?


The early bird gets the coffee left over from the night before.


Term, holidays, term, holidays, till we leave
school, and then work, work, work till we die.
		-- C. S. Lewis


Pipo was born with few complications, but then the doctor accidentally dropped
the infant on her head provoking her drunken father to drag the physician
outside where he would beat him to death with a live ocelot.
		-- Love and Rockets


I couldn't possibly fail to disagree with you less.


Playing an unamplified electric guitar is like strumming on a picnic
table.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Snake"


Take what you can use and let the rest go by.
		-- Ken Kesey


You can't take it with you --
especially when crossing a state line.


Even the best of friends cannot attend each other's funeral.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"


Parsley is gharsley.
		-- Ogden Nash


He who fears the unknown may one day flee from his own backside.
		-- Sinbad


Maybe Computer Science should be in the College of Theology.
		-- R. S. Barton


RYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRY
RY								RY
RY  WELCOME TO THE BABBAGE ANALYTICAL TIMESHARING SERVICE	RY
RY  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *	RY
RY								RY
RY  PLEASE NOTE THAT THE INTEGRATOR IS CURRENTLY UNAVAILABLE    RY
RY  DUE TO THE WEEKLY GREASING SCHEDULE. WOULD ALL USERS KINDLY RY
RY  RETURN ANY UNUSED PLUGBOARDS, AS THE PROGRAMMING TEAM ARE   RY
RY  RUNNING LOW. DIVISION UNIT 3 WILL BE OUT OF ACTION UNTIL    RY
RY  THURSDAY DUE TO EMERGENCY COG REPLACEMENT - PLEASE ENSURE   RY
RY  THAT YOUR PROGRAM DOES NOT ATTEMPT TO DIVIDE BY ZERO AS	RY
RY  THIS CAN CAUSE SEVERE DAMAGE (INCLUDING SHAFT BREAKAGES).   RY
RY								RY
RYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRY
.
.
SYSTEM READY.
?
		-- Chris Suslowicz


A conservative is a man
who believes that nothing should be done for the first time.
		-- Alfred E. Wiggam


If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it.
		-- W. C. Fields

[Also attributed to Roy Mengot.  Ed.]


Q:	How do you fit 1000 dead babies into a phone booth?
A:	Cusinart.

Q:	How do you get them back out?
A:	Doritos.


Beat me, bite me, whip me, fuck me, make me write bad checks!


	Once, when the secrets of science were the jealously guarded property
of a small priesthood, the common man had no hope of mastering their arcane
complexities.  Years of study in musty classrooms were prerequisite to
obtaining even a dim, incoherent knowledge of science.
	Today all that has changed: a dim, incoherent knowledge of science is
available to anyone.
		-- Tom Weller, "Science Made Stupid"


You are always busy.


From a Tru64 patch description:

	Fixes a bug that causes a panic due to software error


Airplanes are interesting toys but of no military value.
		-- Marechal Ferdinand Foch, Professor of Strategy,
		   Ecole Superieure de Guerre


The only difference between the saint and the sinner is that
every saint has a past and every sinner has a future.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Eschew obfuscation.


But I don't like Spam!!!!


Q:	How does a hacker fix a function which
	doesn't work for all of the elements in its domain?
A:	He changes the domain.


A retired schoolteacher finally decided that she was tired of living alone
and wanted some companionship, so after a good deal of thought she decided
to visit the local pet shop.  The owner suggested a parrot, with which she
could conduct a civilized conversation.  This seemed to be an excellent
idea, so she bought a handsome parrot, sat him on a perch in her living room,
and said, "Say 'Pretty boy.'"  Silence from the bird.  "Come on now, say
'Pretty boy ... pretty boy.'"
	At long last, disgustedly, the bird said, "Oh, shit."
	Shocked, the schoolteacher said, "Just for that, you get five minutes
in the refrigerator."  Five minutes later she put the shivering bird back on
its perch and said, "Now let's hear it: 'Pretty boy ... pretty boy.'"
	"Damn it, wouldja lay off, lady?" said the parrot.
	Outraged, the woman grabbed the bird, said, "That's it!  Ten minutes
in the freezer," and slammed the door on him.
	Hopping about to keep warm, what does the parrot come across but a
big frozen turkey waiting for Thanksgiving.  Startled, he squawks, "My God,
you must have told the bitch to go fuck herself!"


Why You Can't Run When There's Trouble in the Office:
	No matter where you stand, no matter how far or fast you flee,
when it hits the fan, as much as possible will be propelled in your
direction, and almost none will be returned to the source.
		-- John L. Shelton


Hear about...
	the new breakfast cereal called Queerios?  You simply add milk
	and they eat each other.


Squirrels eating squirrels, my God, that's sick.


No yak too dirty; no dumpster too hollow.


Nature has given women so much power that the law has very wisely
given them little.
		-- Dr. Samuel Johnson


QOTD:
	"I won't say he's untruthful, but his wife has to call the
	dog for dinner."


Worrying is like rocking in a rocking chair--
It gives you something to do, but it doesn't get you anywhere.


Christ died for our sins.  Dare we make his martyrdom meaningless by not
committing them?
		-- Jules Feiffer


As an adolescent I aspired to lasting fame, I craved factual certainty, and
I thirsted for a meaningful vision of human life -- so I became a scientist.
This is like becoming an archbishop so you can meet girls.
		-- Matt Cartmill


It's business doing pleasure with you.


If you lend someone $20 and never see that person again, it was
probably worth it.


The very proper spinster didn't go out very often, but she had some important
shopping to do that morning and so decided to have her lunch in what appeared
to be a nice quiet respectable restaurant.  With the noontime crowd, many
customers shared their tables with strangers; the spinster selected a seat
next to an attractive, young office girl.  The girl finished her sandwich and
coffee, then settled back and lit up a cigarette.  The older woman controlled
herself for a few moments and then snapped,
	"I'd rather commit adultery than smoke in public."
	"So would I," said the girl, "but I only have half an hour for lunch."


Two midgets arrived at the convent door and asked to speak with the Mother
Superior.  Led into her office, the first one asked respectfully "Excuse
me, your holiness, but are there any midget nuns in this convent?"
	Receiving a reply to the negative, he asked whether any midget
nuns were to be found in any of the neighboring parish.  Again the reply
was no.
	The tiny man scratched his head and posed a final question.  "Beggin'
your pardon, Mother Superior, but would you know of *any* midget nuns at
all, anywhere?"  The nun shook her head.
	At which the first midget turned to the second midget, put his hand
on his shoulder, and said, "You see, I told you you fucked a penguin!"


You know what they say -- the sweetest word in the English language
is revenge.
		-- Peter Beard


Statisticians do it with 95% confidence.


The test of intelligent tinkering is to save all the parts.
		-- Aldo Leopold


	When the lodge meeting broke up, Meyer confided to a friend.
"Abe, I'm in a terrible pickle!  I'm strapped for cash and I haven't
the slightest idea where I'm going to get it from!"
	"I'm glad to hear that," answered Abe.  "I was afraid you
might have some idea that you could borrow from me!"


Why was I born with such contemporaries?
		-- Oscar Wilde


You can't cheat the phone company.


Save a little money each month and at the end of the year you'll be
surprised at how little you have.
		-- Ernest Haskins


A jug of wine, a bowl of rice with it;
Earthen vessels
Simply handed in through the window.
There is certainly no blame in this.


Mencken and Nathan's Ninth Law of The Average American:
	The quality of a champagne is judged by the amount of noise the
	cork makes when it is popped.


Decisions of the judges will be final unless shouted down by a really over-
whelming majority of the crowd present.  Abusive and obscene language may
not be used by contestants when addressing members of the judging panel,
or, conversely, by members of the judging panel when addressing contestants
(unless struck by a boomerang).
		-- Mudgeeraba Creek Emu-Riding and Boomerang-Throwing Assoc.


The major sin is the sin of being born.
		-- Samuel Beckett


Never speak ill of yourself, your friends will always say enough on
that subject.
		-- Charles-Maurice De Talleyrand


Time is an illusion perpetrated by the manufacturers of space.


Q:	How many Martians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	One and a half.


An anthropologist at Tulane has just come back from a field trip to New
Guinea with reports of a tribe so primitive that they have Tide but not
new Tide with lemon-fresh Borax.
		-- David Letterman


Basic is a high level languish.
APL is a high level anguish.


Journalism is literature in a hurry.
		-- Matthew Arnold


The secret of happiness is total disregard of everybody.


Money is truthful.  If a man speaks of his honor, make him pay cash.
		-- Lazarus Long


To err is human, but I can REALLY foul things up.


What this country needs is a good five cent ANYTHING!


Lonely men seek companionship.
Lonely women sit at home and wait. They never meet.


A gangster assembled an engineer, a chemist, and a physicist.  He explained
that he was entering a horse in a race the following week and the three
assembled guys had the job of assuring that the gangster's horse would win.
They were to reconvene the day before the race to tell the gangster how they
each propose to ensure a win.  When they reconvened the gangster started with
the engineer:

Gangster: OK, Mr. engineer, what have you got?
Engineer: Well, I've invented a way to weave metallic threads into the saddle
	  blanket so that they will act as the plates of a battery and provide
	  electrical shock to the horse.
G:	  That's very good!  But let's hear from the chemist.
Chemist:  I've synthesized a powerful stimulant that dissolves
	  into simple blood sugars after ten minutes and therefore
	  cannot be detected in post-race tests.
G:	  Excellent, excellent!  But I want to hear from the physicist before
	  I decide what to do.  Physicist?

Physicist: Well, first consider a spherical horse in simple harmonic motion...


You have the body of a 19 year old.  Please return it before it gets
wrinkled.


Egotist, n.:
	A person of low taste, more interested in himself than me.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


	A man goes to a tailor to try on a new custom-made suit.  The
first thing he notices is that the arms are too long.
	"No problem," says the tailor.  "Just bend them at the elbow
and hold them out in front of you.  See, now it's fine."
	"But the collar is up around my ears!"
	"It's nothing.  Just hunch your back up a little ... no, a
little more ... that's it."
	"But I'm stepping on my cuffs!"  the man cries in desperation.
	"Nu, bend you knees a little to take up the slack.  There you
go.  Look in the mirror -- the suit fits perfectly."
	So, twisted like a pretzel, the man lurches out onto the
street.  Reba and Florence see him go by.
	"Oh, look," says Reba, "that poor man!"
	"Yes," says Florence, "but what a beautiful suit."
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


>>> Internal error in fortune program:
>>>	fnum=2987  n=45  flag=1  goose_level=-232323
>>> Please write down these values and notify fortune program administrator.


The right to be let alone is indeed the beginning of all freedom.
		-- Justice Douglas


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #13 -- SLOBOL

	SLOBOL is best known for the speed, or lack of it, of its compiler.
Although many compilers allow you to take a coffee break while they compile,
SLOBOL compilers allow you to travel to Bolivia to pick the beans.  Forty-
three programmers are known to have died of boredom sitting at their terminals
while waiting for a SLOBOL program to compile.  Weary SLOBOL programmers
often turn to a related (but infinitely faster) language, COCAINE.


Noncombatant, n.:
	A dead Quaker.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


I've been feeling kind of jealous,
Of all them well-hung fellas,
Like Michael, Rod, and Mick.		It would have to be a big one,
Tell me, Doctor can you mend me?	A giant, horny love gun,
I've a case of penis envy --		To let me be a jock.
If I only had a dick.			Girls would never beg my pardon,
					They would turn on to my hardon --
					If I only had a cock.
Oh, I can tell you now,
The number of times I'd score,
I could fuck girls like			I would not be just a housewife,
	I never have before,		Living a little mouse-life
And then I'd cum (wee!)			In days that drag out long.
And fuck some more!			I would dance and I'd be merry
					Life would be a ding-a-derry
					If I only had a dong!
		-- to "If I Only Had A Brain", The Wizard of Oz


One of the rules of Busmanship, New York style, is never surrender your
seat to another passenger.  This may seem callous, but it is the best
way, really.  If one passenger were to give a seat to someone who fainted
in the aisle, say, the others on the bus would become disoriented and
imagine they were in Topeka Kansas.


If I have not seen so far it is because I stood in giant's footsteps.


Beer -- it's not just for breakfast anymore.


QOTD:
	"It's been real and it's been fun, but it hasn't been real fun."


You look tired.


A Smith & Wesson beats four aces.


Q:	What's the difference between the 1950's and the 1980's?
A:	In the 80's, a man walks into a drugstore and states loudly, "I'd
	like some condoms," and then, leaning over the counter, whispers,
	"and some cigarettes."


I bet the human brain is a kludge.
		-- Marvin Minsky


You are wise, witty, and wonderful,
but you spend too much time reading this sort of trash.


Q:	Are we not men?
A:	We are Vaxen.


Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy.
		-- Charlie McCarthy


QOTD:
	"I'll listen to reason when it comes out on CD."


Interpreter, n.:
	One who enables two persons of different languages to understand
	each other by repeating to each what it would have been to the
	interpreter's advantage for the other to have said.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Money is a powerful aphrodisiac.  But flowers work almost as well.
		-- Lazarus Long


You can pick your friends, and you can pick your nose, but you can't
pick your friend's nose.


Picking up the pieces of my sweet shattered dream,
I wonder how the old folks are tonight,
Her name was Ann, and I'll be damned if I recall her face,
She left me not knowing what to do.

Carefree Highway, let me slip away on you,
Carefree Highway, you seen better days,
The morning after blues, from my head down to my shoes,
Carefree Highway, let me slip away, slip away, on you...

Turning back the pages to the times I love best,
I wonder if she'll ever do the same,
Now the thing that I call livin' is just bein' satisfied,
With knowing I got noone left to blame.
Carefree Highway, I got to see you, my old flame...

Searching through the fragments of my dream shattered sleep,
I wonder if the years have closed her mind,
I guess it must be wanderlust or tryin' to get free,
From the good old faithful feelin' we once knew.
		-- Gordon Lightfoot, "Carefree Highway"


Here's to the girl in little red shoes,
She drinks my liquor, she drinks my booze,
She has no cherry, but that's no sin,
She has the box the cherry came in.


Hear about...
	the hurricane that recently struck Fire Island -- Hurricane Bruce?


Any coward can sit in his home and criticize a pilot for flying into a
mountain in a fog.  But I would rather, by far, die on a mountainside
than in bed.  What kind of man would live where there is no daring?
And is life so dear that we should blame men for dying in adventure?
Is there a better way to die?
		-- Charles Lindbergh


Don't read everything you believe.


I've never been hurt by anything I didn't say.
		-- Calvin Coolidge


Mother said there would be days like this, but she never said there
would be so many.


If you push the "extra ice" button on the soft drink vending machine,
you won't get any ice.  If you push the "no ice" button, you'll get
ice, but no cup.


If you suspect a man, don't employ him.


To say that UNIX is doomed is pretty rabid, OS/2 will certainly play a role,
but you don't build a hundred million instructions per second multiprocessor
micro and then try to run it on OS/2.  I mean, get serious.
		-- William Zachmann, International Data Corp


You are absolute plate-glass. I see to the very back of your mind.
		-- Sherlock Holmes


What is the difficulty with writing a PDP-8 program to emulate Jerry
Ford?

Figuring out what to do with the other 3K.


Murphy's Law, that brash proletarian restatement of Godel's Theorem.
		-- Thomas Pynchon, "Gravity's Rainbow"


Literature is mostly about sex and not much about having children and life
is the other way round.
		-- David Lodge, "The British Museum is Falling Down"


QOTD:
	"Who?  Me?  No, no, NO!!  But I do sell rugs."


Consequences, Schmonsequences, as long as I'm rich.
		-- "Ali Baba Bunny" [1957, Chuck Jones]


On the porch of a dude named Horatio,
His girl got a yen for fellatio.
	As she sucked on his dingus
	He tried cunnilingus
But the cops ran 'em off of that patio.


It's bad enough that life is a rat-race,
but why do the rats always have to win?


Don't change the reason, just change the excuses!
		-- Joe Cointment


I never loved another person the way I loved myself.
		-- Mae West


I'm not sure I've even got the brains to be President.
		-- Barry Goldwater, in 1964


For men use, if they have an evil turn, to write it in marble:
and whoso doth us a good turn we write it in dust.
		-- Sir Thomas More


If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.
		-- Albert Einstein


The truth is what is; what should be is a dirty lie.
		-- Lenny Bruce


Leibowitz's Rule:
	When hammering a nail, you will never hit your
	finger if you hold the hammer with both hands.


He jests at scars who never felt a wound.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet, II. 2"


Schizophrenia beats being alone.


I'm still waiting for the advent of the computer science groupie.


Blood is thicker than water, and much tastier.


To err is humor.


Pipo was born with few complications, but then the doctor accidentally dropped
the infant on her head provoking her drunken father to drag the physician
outside where he would beat him to death with a live ocelot.
		-- Love and Rockets


It is better to wear out than to rust out.


Commitment, n.:
	Commitment can be illustrated by a breakfast of ham and eggs.
	The chicken was involved, the pig was committed.


I think the world is ready for the story of an ugly duckling, who grew up to
remain an ugly duckling, and lived happily ever after.
		-- Chick


A life spent in search of the perfect hash brownie is a life well spent.


The price of greatness is responsibility.


You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.


There is a great discovery still to be made in Literature:
that of paying literary men by the quantity they do NOT write.


Dealing with failure is easy:
	Work hard to improve.
Success is also easy to handle:
	You've solved the wrong problem.  Work hard to improve.


Perhaps, after all, America never has been discovered.
I myself would say that it had merely been detected.
		-- Oscar Wilde


If a small child asks you where rain comes from, I think a reasonable response
is simply that "God is crying."  And, if he asks you why God is crying, the
only possible answer is "Probably because of something you did."


There is a good deal of solemn cant about the common interests of capital
and labour.  As matters stand, their only common interest is that of cutting
each other's throat.
		-- Brooks Atkinson, "Once Around the Sun"


Go climb a gravity well.


Keep grandma off the streets -- legalize bingo.


Q:	Why is Sister Pat the way she is?
A:	Because when she was 16, a group of boys tied her up and
	gang-rejected her.


	An Aggie was appointed ambassador to Japan.  Two weeks before
officially reporting to the embassy, he went from geisha house to geisha
house.  While making love to a geisha girl, he heard her repeat, "Yaki-san,
yaki-san."
	Right away the Aggie thought to himself, "I've learned my first
Japanese word.  It must be an expression of joy."
	When he reported to the embassy, he received his first assignment,
which was to escort the prime minister of Japan around the golf course.
After having played a couple of holes, the prime minister teed-off and made
a hole-in-one.  The prime minister jumped up and down shouting, "Bonsai!
Bonsai!"
	Quickly, thinking that this was the perfect chance to show off the
new Japanese word that he'd learned, the Aggie exclaimed, "Yaki-san,
yaki-san!"
	The prime minister turned to the Aggie in surprise and exclaimed,
"What do you mean, wrong hole?"


God created a few perfect heads.
The rest he covered with hair.


It is better to travel hopefully than to fly Continental.


Our government has kept us in a perpetual state of fear -- kept us in
a continuous stampede of patriotic fervor -- with the cry of grave
national emergency... Always there has been some terrible evil to
gobble us up if we did not blindly rally behind it  by furnishing the
exorbitant sums demanded.  Yet, in retrospect, these disasters seem
never to have happened, seem never to have been quite real.
		-- General Douglas MacArthur (1957)


A bureaucrat's idea of cleaning up his files
is to make a copy of everything before he destroys it.


Question:
Man Invented Alcohol,
God Invented Grass.
Who do you trust?


Those who claim the dead never return
to life haven't ever been around here at quitting time.


The connection between the language in which we think/program and the problems
and solutions we can imagine is very close.  For this reason restricting
language features with the intent of eliminating programmer errors is at best
dangerous.
		-- Bjarne Stroustrup


