Virgin, n.:
	An ugly third grader.


God wants us to know that if we see a bumper sticker saying "Honk if you love
Jesus" it is a bad idea to honk to express an opinion about Jesus because it
will annoy the turkey who put the bumper sticker on as well as everyone else
in the vicinity.  However, it is just fine to honk to annoy the turkey simply
for being a turkey, for God told Man to be fruitful and multiply, and to rule
over the beasts of the field and the birds of the air, and that includes the
turkeys who buy such bumper stickers.  Of course, God understands that innocent
bystanders will also be annoyed, but He has wisely created traffic cops to
impose some constraint on how much we may annoy the turkeys within city limits,
for God's wisdom comprehends full well that thou shalt not make an omelette
without breaking eggs.  God only wishes they were turkey eggs, so such moral
dilemmas shall be fewer in number in the future, when the generations a-coming
(hallelujah) won't have so many turkeys to deal with.  But God knows full well
that such things take time, and the turkeys are showing more resilience than
expected, and may be with us for a long time yet.


When in doubt, do it.  It's much easier
to apologize than to get permission.
		-- Grace Murray Hopper


Maybe we can get together and show off to each other sometimes.


Getting there is only half as far as getting there and back.


War is like love, it always finds a way.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "Mother Courage"


I don't care what star you're following, get that camel off my front lawn!
		-- Heard in Bethlehem


I'm a lucky guy, and I'm happy to be with the Yankees.  And I want to
thank everyone for making this night necessary.
		-- Yogi Berra at a dinner in his honor


Man's reach must exceed his grasp, for why else the heavens?


Don't worry.  Life's too long.
		-- Vincent Sardi, Jr.


It is the business of the future to be dangerous.
		-- Hawkwind


There are two theories to arguing with women. Neither one works.


In the Spring, I have counted 136
different kinds of weather inside of 24 hours.
		-- Mark Twain, on New England weather


Perhaps, after all, America never has been discovered.
I myself would say that it had merely been detected.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Mythology, n.:
	The body of a primitive people's beliefs, concerning its origin,
	early history, heroes, deities and so forth, as distinguished
	from the true accounts which it invents later.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Nobody takes a bribe.  Of course at Christmas if you happen to hold out
your hat and somebody happens to put a little something in it, well, that's
different.
		-- New York City Police Commissioner (Ret.) William P.
		   O'Brien, instructions to the force.


Goda's Truism:
	By the time you get to the point where you can make ends meet,
	somebody moves the ends.


	Shortly after arriving at their honeymoon destination, the
still-nervous groom became worried about the state of his bride's innocence.
Deciding on a direct confrontation, he quickly undressed, pointed at his
exposed manhood and asked his mate, "Do you know what this is?"
	Without hesitation, she blushingly answered, "That's a wee-wee."
	Delighted at the idea of instructing his naive wife in the ways of
love, the husband whispered, "From now on, dearest, this will be called a
prick."
	"Oh, come now," the girl chided.  "I've seen lots of pricks and I
assure you, that's a wee-wee."


Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.


Avoid gunfire in the bathroom tonight.


Zeus gave Leda the bird.


The magic of our first love is our ignorance that it can ever end.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli


He who sneezes without a handkerchief takes matters into his own
hands.


The Supreme Court does it with all deliberate speed.


I hate trolls.  Maybe I could metamorph it into something else -- like a
ravenous, two-headed, fire-breathing dragon.
		-- Willow


Lincoln was elected to Congress in 1846.
Kennedy exactly one hundred years later in 1946.

Lincoln was elected president in November 1860.
Kennedy in November 1960.

Lincoln had a secretary named Kennedy who urged him not to go to
the theatre.
Kennedy had a secretary named Lincoln who advised against his going
to Dallas.

Booth shot Lincoln in a theatre and ran off into a warehouse.
Oswald shot Kennedy from a warehouse and ran off into a theatre.

Lincoln was succeeded by a Southerner named Johnson.
Kennedy was succeeded by a Southerner named Johnson.

The first Johnson was born in 1808.
The second Johnson was born in 1908.

		-- Alistair Cooke, "Letter From America", Nov. 26, 2001


You can get *anywhere* in ten minutes if you drive fast enough.


It is most dangerous nowadays for a husband to pay any attention to his
wife in public.  It always makes people think that he beats her when
they're alone.  The world has grown so suspicious of anything that looks
like a happy married life.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Q:	What's the difference between Bell Labs and the Boy Scouts of America?
A:	The Boy Scouts have adult supervision.


	The FIELD GUIDE to NORTH AMERICAN MALES

SPECIES:	Cranial Males
SUBSPECIES:	The Hacker (homo computatis)
Plumage:
	All clothes have a slightly crumpled look as though they came off the
	top of the laundry basket.  Style varies with status.  Hacker managers
	wear gray polyester slacks, pink or pastel shirts with wide collars,
	and paisley ties; staff wears cinched-up baggy corduroy pants, white
	or blue shirts with button-down collars, and penholder in pocket.
	Both managers and staff wear running shoes to work, and a black
	plastic digital watch with calculator.


After cocktails in the Oak Room, the graying millionaire took the blond,
attractive, wholesome, winning young woman up to his suite.  They chatted
for a while, and then kissed on the couch.  A little fondling, some feeling
and petting ... to which the young lady lent herself shyly ... and then they
were in the wide, cool bed, naked together.  They chatted more, established
a communion, a rapport the older man considered remarkably gratifying.  The
girl seemed sympatico, innocent, good.
	"Yes, that was it," he thought, "essentially good.  Why, she could
be my own daughter."  He smiled into the young girl's deep blue eyes.
	"Tell me," he asked, his hand on her breast, "What's a nice girl
like you doing in a hotel like this?"
	"Oh, about $2000 a week, with tips."


I was on vacation in Greece last summer, and was being driven round an island
by a Greek cab-driver.  He was a friendly man, and as we drove, he told me
about various historic and scenic places he had been involved with.
	"See the entrance to that church over there?  I built that with my
two sons.  But do they call me `Dimitri the church builder?'  Do they hell!"
	As we passed a dam, he said, "See that dam?  Four of us built that
dam by ourselves!  But do they call me `Dimitri the dam builder?'  Hell, no!"
	As we passed a beautiful cottage, Dimitri started up again -- "See
that house?  I built that for my wife with my own two hands!  But do they
call me `Dimitri the home builder?'  No!  But just one little sheep!"


The Hollywood tradition I like best is called "sucking up to the stars."
		-- Johnny Carson


People who take cold baths never have rheumatism, but they have
cold baths.


A pedestal is as much a prison as any small, confined space.
		-- Gloria Steinem


You should never bet against anything in science at odds of more than
about 10^12 to 1.
		-- Ernest Rutherford


It's odd, and a little unsettling, to reflect upon the fact that English is
the only major language in which "I" is capitalized; in many other languages
"You" is capitalized and the "i" is lower case.
		-- Sydney J. Harris


When you're ready to give up the struggle, who can you surrender to?


Toilet Toupee, n.:
	Any shag carpet that causes the lid to become top-heavy, thus
	creating endless annoyance to male users.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


When taxes are due, Americans tend to feel quite bled-white and blue.


date; talk; touch; unzip; finger; expand; strip; head; mount; yes; yes; yes;
eject; more; sleep


Just once, I wish we would encounter
an alien menace that wasn't immune to bullets.
		-- The Brigadier, "Doctor Who"


But you shall not escape my iambics.
		-- Gaius Valerius Catullus


WRONG!


Q:	What do a walrus and a tupperware container have in common?
A:	They both like a tight seal.


I'm still waiting for the advent of the computer science groupie.


One man's theology is another man's belly laugh.


Sailors in ships, sail on!
Even while we died, others rode out the storm.


Strategy:
	A long-range plan whose merit cannot be evaluated until sometime
	after those creating it have left the organization.


The speed of anything depends on the flow of everything.


A.A.A.A.A., n.:
	An organization for drunks who drive.


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #5 -- LAIDBACK

	LAIDBACK was developed at the (now defunct) Marin County Center for
T'ai Chi, Mellowness and Computer Programming, as an alternative to the more
intense languages of nearby Silicon Valley.
	The Center was ideal for programmers who liked to soak in hot tubs
while they worked.  Unfortunately, few programmers could survive there long,
since the Center outlawed pizza and RC Cola in favor of bean curd and Perrier.
	Many mourn the demise of LAIDBACK because of its reputation as a
gentle and nonthreatening language.  For example, LAIDBACK responded to
syntax errors with the message SORRY MAN, I JUST CAN'T DEAL BEHIND THAT.


[Norm comes in with an attractive woman.]

Coach:  Normie, Normie, could this be Vera?
Norm:   With a lot of expensive surgery, maybe.
		-- Cheers, Norman's Conquest

Coach:  What's up, Normie?
Norm:   The temperature under my collar, Coach.
		-- Cheers, I'll Be Seeing You (Part 2)

Coach:  What would you say to a nice beer, Normie?
Norm:   Going down?
		-- Cheers, Diane Meets Mom


Q:	What's red and covered with little dents?
A:	Snow White's cherry.


	Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes of Harvard Medical School inhaled ether
at a time when it was popularly supposed to produce such mystical or
"mind-expanding" experiences, much as LSD is supposed to produce such
experiences today.  Here is his account of what happened:
	"I once inhaled a pretty full dose of ether, with the determination
to put on record, at the earliest moment of regaining consciousness, the
thought I should find uppermost in my mind.  The mighty music of the triumphal
march into nothingness reverberated through my brain, and filled me with a
sense of infinite possibilities, which made me an archangel for a moment.
The veil of eternity was lifted.  The one great truth which underlies all
human experience and is the key to all the mysteries that philosophy has
sought in vain to solve, flashed upon me in a sudden revelation.  Henceforth
all was clear: a few words had lifted my intelligence to the level of the
knowledge of the cherubim.  As my natural condition returned, I remembered
my resolution; and, staggering to my desk, I wrote, in ill-shaped, straggling
characters, the all-embracing truth still glimmering in my consciousness.
The words were these (children may smile; the wise will ponder):
`A strong smell of turpentine prevails throughout.'"
		-- The Consumers Union Report: Licit & Illicit Drugs


The first half of our lives is ruined by our parents,
and the second half by our children.
		-- Clarence Darrow


We could nuke Baghdad into glass, wipe it with Windex, tie fatback on our
feet and go skating.
		-- Fred Reed, Air Force Times columnist


Q:	What do monsters eat?
A:	Things.

Q:	What do monsters drink?
A:	Coke.  (Because Things go better with Coke.)


Let's not complicate our relationship
by trying to communicate with each other.


The reason Roman Catholics are allowed to use the
rhythm method of birth control is that it doesn't work.


All men are mortal.  Socrates was mortal.  Therefore, all men are
Socrates.
		-- Woody Allen


Most Texans think Hanukkah is some sort of duck call.
		-- Richard Lewis


Oh don't the days seem lank and long
When all goes right and none goes wrong,
And isn't your life extremely flat
With nothing whatever to grumble at!


I'd love to go out with you, but I never go out on days that end in
"Y".


You can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake.
		-- Jeannette Rankin


What will happen when the 32-bit Unix date goes negative in mid-January
2038 does not bear thinking about.
		-- Henry Spencer


	The way my jeweler explained it, it's like insurance.
	Six months' pay isn't much to keep my wife from sleeping around.

A diamond -- pure, sparkling, natural, flawless, forever.  The way marriage
should be but never quite is.  People grow and change and sometimes want to
take their clothes off with strangers.  So when you invest in a fine piece
of diamond jewelry, you're not only making an investment, you're making a
statement.  You're telling the woman you love that you've just spent a lot
of your hard-earned money on her.  Now she owes you the kind of loyalty that
only precious jewelry can buy.  Isn't she worth it?

	The Honeymoon's Over:			from $ 5000
	The Seven Year Itch:			from $10000
	No More Lunchtime Quickies:		from $15000
	Divorce Would Be More Expensive:	from $42000

			A diamond is for leverage.  BeDears


If preceded by a '-', the timezone shall be east of the Prime
Meridian; otherwise, it shall be west (which may be indicated by
an optional preceding '+').
		-- POSIX 2001

The "+" or "-" indicates whether the time-of-day is ahead of
(i.e., east of) or behind (i.e., west of) Universal Time.
		-- RFC 2822


The descent to Hades is the same from every place.
		-- Anaxagoras


The more laws and order are made prominent,
the more thieves and robbers there will be.
		-- Lao Tsu


Year, n.:
	A period of three hundred and sixty-five disappointments.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Nostalgia just isn't what it used to be.


Newsflash:
	Apparently the rapture did occur last Tuesday as was originally
predicted.  All true believers were transported to heaven while the rest
of us were left behind to await the Anti-Christ and the end of the world.
	Widespread reports that the rapture had not occurred stemmed from
expectations that the effect would be more widespread than it turned out
to be.  The definition of "true believer" was apparently more restrictive
than expected, however, and the only qualifiers were a family of five,
living in Stenton, North Dakota.


Just as most issues are seldom black or white, so are most good solutions
seldom black or white.  Beware of the solution that requires one side to be
totally the loser and the other side to be totally the winner.  The reason
there are two sides to begin with usually is because neither side has all
the facts.  Therefore, when the wise mediator effects a compromise, he is
not acting from political motivation.  Rather, he is acting from a deep
sense of respect for the whole truth.
		-- Stephen R. Schwambach


Love your neighbour, yet don't pull down your hedge.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


The Phone Booth Rule:
	A lone dime always gets the number nearly right.


Harris's Lament:
	All the good ones are taken.


The only difference between a car salesman and a computer salesman is
that the car salesman knows he's lying.


Having a wonderful wine, wish you were beer.


Everyone can be taught to sculpt: Michelangelo would have had
to be taught how not to.  So it is with the great programmers.


Marriage is the waste-paper basket of the emotions.


A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
		-- Gloria Steinem


Some of my readers ask me what a "Serial Port" is.
The answer is: I don't know.
Is it some kind of wine you have with breakfast?


Not everyone has a one-track mind.
		-- From a Bisexuality 101 talk


One has to look out for engineers -- they begin with sewing machines
and end up with the atomic bomb.
		-- Marcel Pagnol


One man's nightmare is another man's wet dream.


Everyone is entitled to my opinion.


Kleptomaniac, n.:
	A rich thief.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The seven eyes of Ningauble the Wizard floated back to his hood as he
reported to Fafhrd: "I have seen much, yet cannot explain all.  The Gray
Mouser is exactly twenty-five feet below the deepest cellar in the palace
of Gilpkerio Kistomerces.  Even though twenty-four parts in twenty-five of
him are dead, he is alive.
	Now about Lankhmar.  She's been invaded, her walls breached
everywhere and desperate fighting is going on in the streets, by a fierce
host which out-numbers Lankhamar's inhabitants by fifty to one -- and
equipped with all modern weapons.  Yet you can save the city."
	"How?" demanded Fafhrd.
	Ningauble shrugged.  "You're a hero.  You should know."
		-- Fritz Leiber, "The Swords of Lankhmar"


If there is no God, who pops up the next Kleenex?
		-- Art Hoppe


	"Why did you spend so much time parked in that fellow's car last
night?" demanded the irate mother.
"I could hear the giggling and squealing for a good half hour."
	"But, Mom," answered her daughter, "if a fellow takes you to the
movies you ought to at least kiss him good night."
	"I thought you went to the Stork Club?" countered the mother.
	"We did."


Tip of the Day:
	Never fry bacon in the nude.


The person who marries for money usually earns every penny of it.


Q:	What's the difference between "Oooh" and "Aaah"?
A:	About three inches.


Ignorance must certainly be bliss or there wouldn't be so many people
so resolutely pursuing it.


Fifth Law of Procrastination:
	Procrastination avoids boredom; one never has the feeling that
there is nothing important to do.


In a surprise raid last night, federal agent's ransacked a house in search
of a rebel computer hacker.  However, they were unable to complete the arrest
because the warrant was made out in the name of Don Provan, while the only
person in the house was named don provan.  Proving, once again, that Unix is
superior to Tops10.


Why do they call it baby-SITTING when all you do is run after them?


Pray, v.:
	To ask that the laws of the universe be annulled on behalf
	of a single petitioner confessedly unworthy.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


"Home, Sweet Home" must surely have been written by a bachelor.
		-- Samuel Butler


Xerox does it again and again and again and ...


A toast to the kisses you've snatched and vice-versa.


Money is the root of all evil, and man needs roots.


Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.
		-- Alan Watts


A pedestal is as much a prison as any small, confined space.
		-- Gloria Steinem


Men will fuck mud.
		-- Lenny Bruce


The man-hating woman, like the cold woman, is largely imaginary.  She
is simply a woman who has done her best to snare a man and has failed.
		-- Norton


Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
		-- Sextus Aurelius


Don't let nobody tell you what you cannot do;
don't let nobody tell you what's impossible for you;
don't let nobody tell you what you got to do,
or you'll never know ... what's on the other side of the rainbow...
remember, if you don't follow your dreams,
you'll never know what's on the other side of the rainbow...
		-- melba moore, "the other side of the rainbow"


Moody bitch with attitude, seeks nice,
good-looking guy to dump on.


Q:	What goes red, white, red, white, pink, pink, pink?
A:	Baby in a blender.

Q:	Why do you put a baby in a blender feet first?
A:	So you can watch the expression on its little face.


Asynchronous inputs are at the root of our race problems.
		-- D. Winker and F. Prosser


One monk said to the other, "The fish has flopped out of the net! How
will it live?"  The other said, "When you have gotten out of the net,
I'll tell you."


A long-forgotten loved one will appear soon.
Buy the negatives at any price.


Support wildlife -- vote for an orgy.


God made machine language; all the rest is the work of man.


Rating women on the Budweiser scale; the number
of Clydesdales it would take to pull you off her.


QOTD:
	"Like this rose, our love will wilt and die."


Nasrudin walked into a shop one day, and the owner came forward to serve
him.  Nasrudin said, "First things first.  Did you see me walk into your
shop?"
	"Of course."
	"Have you ever seen me before?"
	"Never."
	"Then how do you know it was me?"


Mary had a little lamb,
She kept it in a bucket.
And every time she let it out,
The bulldog used to
Chase it around the garden.


Some people have no respect for age unless it's bottled.


QED.


Maryel brought her bat into Exit once and started whacking people on
the dance floor.  Now everyone's doing it.  It's called grand slam
dancing.
		-- Ransford, Chicago Reader 10/7/83


If you talk to God, you are praying; if God talks to you, you have
schizophrenia.
		-- Thomas Szasz


Scotty:	Captain, we din' can reference it!
Kirk:	Analysis, Mr. Spock?
Spock:	Captain, it doesn't appear in the symbol table.
Kirk:	Then it's of external origin?
Spock:	Affirmative.
Kirk:	Mr. Sulu, go to pass two.
Sulu:	Aye aye, sir, going to pass two.


I know why the sun never sets on the British Empire -- God wouldn't trust
an Englishman in the dark.
		-- Duncan Spaeth


But it does move!
		-- Galileo Galilei


The prick of the engineer, Scott,
Fell off from Saturnian rot.
	He went to the basement
	And made a replacement
Of tungsten and plastic and snot.


Fundamentally, there may be no basis for anything.


APL is a mistake, carried through to perfection.  It is the language of the
future for the programming techniques of the past: it creates a new generation
of coding bums.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


QOTD:
	"What I like most about myself is that I'm so understanding
	when I mess things up."


History shows that the human mind, fed by constant accessions of knowledge,
periodically grows too large for its theoretical coverings, and bursts them
asunder to appear in new habiliments, as the feeding and growing grub, at
intervals, casts its too narrow skin and assumes another...  Truly the imago
state of Man seems to be terribly distant, but every moult is a step gained.
		-- Charles Darwin, from "Origin of the Species"


TIPS FOR PERFORMERS:
	Playing cards have the top half upside-down to help cheaters.
	There are a finite number of jokes in the universe.
	Singing is a trick to get people to listen to music longer than
		they would ordinarily.
	There is no music in space.
	People will pay to watch people make sounds.
	Everything on stage should be larger than in real life.


My Bonnie looked into a gas tank,
The height of its contents to see!
She lit a small match to assist her,
Oh, bring back my Bonnie to me.


Is it just me, or does anyone else read "bible humpers" every time
someone writes "bible thumpers?"
		-- Joel M. Snyder, jms@mis.arizona.edu


Political speeches are like steer horns.  A point
here, a point there, and a lot of bull in between.
		-- Alfred E. Neuman


A timely marriage: one made before your children start nagging you about it.
		-- Diane Duane


Lie, n.:
	A very poor substitute for the truth, but the only one
	discovered to date.


It is not good for a man to be without knowledge,
and he who makes haste with his feet misses his way.
		-- Proverbs 19:2


SERENDIPITY:
	The process by which human knowledge is advanced.


They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary
safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.
		-- Benjamin Franklin, 1759


Robot, n.:
	University administrator.


Hacker, n.:
	Originally, any person with a knack for coercing stubborn inanimate
things; hence, a person with a happy knack, later contracted by the mythical
philosopher Frisbee Frobenius to the common usage, "hack."
	In olden times, upon completion of some particularly atrocious body
of coding that happened to work well, culpable programmers would gather in
a small circle around a first edition of Knuth's Best Volume I by candlelight,
and proceed to get very drunk while sporadically rending the following ditty:

		Hacker's Fight Song

		He's a Hack!  He's a Hack!
		He's a guy with the happy knack!
		Never bungles, never shirks,
		Always gets his stuff to work!

All take a drink (important!)


You plan things that you do not even
attempt because of your extreme caution.


The telephone is a good way to talk to people without having to offer
them a drink.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Interview"


All I ask is a chance to prove that money can't make me happy.


	A man walks into a bar and orders 3 shots and 3 beers.  The
bartender, seeing that the man is distraught, asks what the problem is.
	"I just found out that my brother is gay", he replies.
	About a week later, the same man walks in and orders 6 shots and
6 chasers.  So the bartender inquires, "What's wrong this time?"
	To which the man says, "I just found out that two of my brothers
are lovers."
	Another week goes by and the man comes back to the bar and orders
NINE shots and NINE beers.  The bartenders says "Damn, boy, doesn't anyone
in your family like pussy?"
	"Yeah.  Me and my sister."


It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one.


We laugh at the Indian philosopher, who to account for the support
of the earth, contrived the hypothesis of a huge elephant, and to support
the elephant, a huge tortoise.  If we will candidly confess the truth, we
know as little of the operation of the nerves, as he did of the manner in
which the earth is supported: and our hypothesis about animal spirits, or
about the tension and vibrations of the nerves, are as like to be true, as
his about the support of the earth.  His elephant was a hypothesis, and our
hypotheses are elephants.  Every theory in philosophy, which is built on
pure conjecture, is an elephant; and every theory that is supported partly
by fact, and partly by conjecture, is like Nebuchadnezzar's image, whose
feet were partly of iron, and partly of clay.
		-- Thomas Reid, "An Inquiry into the Human Mind", 1764


You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.


Why You Can't Run When There's Trouble in the Office:
	No matter where you stand, no matter how far or fast you flee,
when it hits the fan, as much as possible will be propelled in your
direction, and almost none will be returned to the source.
		-- John L. Shelton


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #21

	Shall I compare thee to a Summer day?
	No, I guess not.


Lord, defend me from my friends; I can account for my enemies.
		-- Charles D'Hericault


Be a better psychiatrist and the world
will beat a psychopath to your door.


The word "spine" is, of course, an anagram of "penis".  This is true in
almost fifty percent of the languages of the Galaxy, and many people
have attempted to explain why.  Usually these explanations get bogged
down in silly puns about "standing erect".
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


During the voyage of life, remember to keep an eye out for a
fair wind; batten down during a storm; hail all passing ships;
and fly your colors proudly.


As me an' me marrer was readin' a tyape,
The tyape gave a shriek mark an' tried tae escyape;
It skipped ower the gyate tae the end of the field,
An' jigged oot the room wi' a spool an' a reel!
Follow the leader, Johnny me laddie,
Follow it through, me canny lad O;
Follow the transport, Johnny me laddie,
Away, lad, lie away, canny lad O!
		-- S. Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


Some men are born mediocre, some men achieve mediocrity,
and some men have mediocrity thrust upon them.
		-- Joseph Heller, "Catch-22"


Every morning, I get up and look through the "Forbes" list of the
richest people in America.  If I'm not there, I go to work.
		-- Robert Orben


So far as I can remember, there is not one word in the Gospels in
praise of intelligence.
		-- Bertrand Russell


And so it was, later,
As the miller told his tale,
That her face, at first just ghostly,
Turned a whiter shade of pale.
		-- Procol Harum


I will make you shorter by the head.
		-- Elizabeth I


	A sociologist, a psychologist, and an engineer were discussing the
consequences and implications of a married man's having a mistress.  The
sociologist's opinion was that it is absolutely and categorically unforgivable
for a married man to forfeit the bond of matrimony, and engage in such lowly
and lustful pursuits.
	The psychologist's opinion was that although morally reprehensible,
if a man MUST have a mistress to achieve his full potential as a human being,
then -- well -- he may go ahead and choose to have a mistress, as long as he
is considerate enough to keep this secret from his wife.
	The engineer then interjected: "I also believe that, if necessary,
a married man is entitled to a mistress.  However, I do not see why the
affair should be concealed from the wife.  On the contrary, if the affair
is out in the open, then on Friday evenings he may tell his wife that he
is going to see his mistress, tell his mistress that he is going to be with
his wife, then go to his office and get some work done!"


A hypothetical paradox:
	What would happen in a battle between an Enterprise security team,
who always get killed soon after appearing, and a squad of Imperial
Stormtroopers, who can't hit the broad side of a planet?
		-- Tom Galloway


The four building blocks of the universe are fire, water, gravel and
vinyl.
		-- Dave Barry


