Terence, this is stupid stuff:
You eat your victuals fast enough;
There can't be much amiss, 'tis clear,
To see the rate you drink your beer.
But oh, good Lord, the verse you make,
It gives a chap the belly-ache.
The cow, the old cow, she is dead;
It sleeps well the horned head:
We poor lads, 'tis our turn now
To hear such tunes as killed the cow.
Pretty friendship 'tis to rhyme
Your friends to death before their time.
Moping, melancholy mad:
Come, pipe a tune to dance to, lad.
		-- A. E. Housman


Did you hear they canceled Easter this year?
Found the body.


...that FC loop thing sucks.
So I decided to stick to my good old philosophy: "if it has tits,
wheels or FC loops it will give you problem!"
		-- storage engineer on the virtues of FC-AL


Rule the Empire through force.
		-- Shogun Tokugawa


There comes a time to stop being angry.
		-- A Small Circle of Friends


It is better for civilization to be going down the drain than to be
coming up it.
		-- Henry Allen


Two heads are more numerous than one.


Hear about...
	the fun-loving young lady who insists she won't even consider
	marriage until she's gotten some experience under her belt?


It usually takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
		-- Mark Twain


If you explain something so clearly that no
one can possibly misunderstand, someone will.


	After sifting through the overwritten remaining blocks of Luke's home
directory, Luke and PDP-1 sped away from /u/lars, across the surface of the
Winchester riding Luke's flying read/write head.  PDP-1 had Luke stop at the
edge of the cylinder overlooking /usr/spool/uucp.
	"Unix-to-Unix Copy Program;" said PDP-1.  "You will never find a more
wretched hive of bugs and flamers.  We must be cautious."
		-- DECWARS


PARTY:
	A gathering where you meet people who drink
	so much you can't even remember their names.


DEJA VU:
	French., already seen; unoriginal; trite.
	Psychol., The illusion of having previously experienced
	something actually being encountered for the first time.
	Psychol., The illusion of having previously experienced
	something actually being encountered for the first time.


It's never too late to have a happy childhood.


Q:	How do you make an elephant float?
A:	You get two scoops of elephant and some root beer...


I've finally found the perfect girl,
I couldn't ask for more,
She's deaf and dumb and over-sexed,
And owns a liquor store.


We are each only one drop in a great
ocean -- but some of the drops sparkle!


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Man:

 1. A beer NEVER leaves the toilet seat up.
 2. A beer lasts longer than seven seconds.
 3. A beer doesn't want to watch pro wrestling.
 4. A beer won't expect you to cook dinner when you're not hungry.
 5. A beer will never leave dirty socks on the floor.
 6. A beer doesn't mind when your mother visits.
 7. A beer does as many chores as a man, with a LOT less complaining.
 8. A beer won't leave you for a younger woman.
 9. A beer won't leave you for a younger man either.
10. A beer won't tease you because you once liked Barry Manilow.


Don't mind him; politicians always sound like that.


A woman employs sincerity only when every other form of deception has failed.
		-- Scott


Moody bitch with attitude, seeks nice,
good-looking guy to dump on.


So... if you could choose any nose in the whole wide world,
which one would you pick?


Cancel me not -- for what then shall remain?
Abscissas, some mantissas, modules, modes,
A root or two, a torus and a node:
The inverse of my verse, a null domain.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


If you float on instinct alone, how can you
calculate the buoyancy for the computed load?
		-- Christopher Hodder-Williams


The National Association of Theater Concessionaires reported that in
1986, 60% of all candy sold in movie theaters was sold to Roger Ebert.
		-- David Letterman


This week only, all our fiber-fill jackets are marked down!


Overflow on /dev/null: please empty the bit bucket.


The voluptuous blond was chatting with her handsome escort in a posh
restaurant when their waiter, stumbling as he brought their drinks,
dumped a martini on the rocks down the back of the blonde's dress.  She
sprang to her feet with a wild rebel yell, dashed wildly around the table,
then galloped wriggling from the room followed by her distraught boyfriend.
A man seated on the other side of the room with a date of his own beckoned
to the waiter and said, "We'll have two of whatever she was drinking."


Vests are to suits as seat-belts are to cars.


Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot.
		-- Groucho Marx


The control of the production of wealth
is the control of human life itself.
		-- Hilaire Belloc


You will lose an important disk file.


Put a pot of chili on the stove to simmer.
Let it simmer.  Meanwhile, broil a good steak.
Eat the steak.  Let the chili simmer.  Ignore it.
		-- Recipe for chili from Allan Shrivers, former governor
		   of Texas.


QOTD:
	"She began coming, making noises like a small animal in pain.
	Ouch!  Ow!  My paw!  Ouch!!"


... But as records of courts and justice are admissible, it can
easily be proved that powerful and malevolent magicians once existed
and were a scourge to mankind.  The evidence (including confession)
upon which certain women were convicted of witchcraft and executed was
without a flaw; it is still unimpeachable.  The judges' decisions based
on it were sound in logic and in law.  Nothing in any existing court
was ever more thoroughly proved than the charges of witchcraft and
sorcery for which so many suffered death.  If there were no witches,
human testimony and human reason are alike destitute of value.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Religion is a crutch, but that's okay... humanity is a cripple.


Why a man would want a wife is a big mystery to some people.
Why a man would want *two* wives is a bigamystery.


Beta test, v.:
	To voluntarily entrust one's data, one's livelihood and one's
	sanity to hardware or software intended to destroy all three.
	In earlier days, virgins were often selected to beta test volcanos.


I've seen, I SAY, I've seen better heads on a mug of beer.
		-- Senator Claghorn


Q:	What do monsters eat?
A:	Things.

Q:	What do monsters drink?
A:	Coke.  (Because Things go better with Coke.)


Two Finns and a penguin are sitting on the front porch of a large house.  The
penguin is dripping in sweat; his owner looks down and says to the other Finn,
"Hey Urho, I want that you should take the penguin to the zoo, okay?"  The
owner then runs off to the sauna.  When he gets out of the sauna, he looks
up at the porch, and sure enough, there is Urho and the penguin, sweating
away.  So he yells out "Hey, Urho, I thought I told you to take the penguin to
the zoo, I did."  And Urho yells back "Yup, and tomorrow we're going to
the movies!"


For a thousand years I wielded the powers of the wish.  I brought ruin
to the heads of unfaithful men.  I brought forth destruction and chaos
for the pleasure of the lower beings.  I was feared and worshiped across
the mortal globe.  And now I'm stuck at Sunnydale High.  A mortal.
A child ...  and I'm flunking math.
		-- Anya, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Doppelgangland"
		   Season 3, Episode 16


Universities are places of knowledge.  The freshman each bring a little
in with them, and the seniors take none away, so knowledge accumulates.


No group of professionals meets except to
conspire against the public at large.
		-- Mark Twain


It now costs more to amuse a child than it once did to educate his father.


Mieux vaut tard que jamais!


Q:	Why did Captain Kirk piss on the bridge?
A:	He wanted to boldly go where no man had gone before!


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #29:

THE JUDGE: Now, as we begin, I must ask you to banish all present
	   information and prejudice from your minds, if you have
	   any ...


The VFW represents many who died to give this country a second chance
to make it what it is supposed to be -- God's guest house on earth.
		-- John Wayne


The Worst Jury
	A murder trial at Manitoba in February 1978 was well advanced, when
one juror revealed that he was completely deaf and did not have the
remotest clue what was happening.
	The judge, Mr. Justice Solomon, asked him if he had heard any
evidence at all and, when there was no reply, dismissed him.
	The excitement which this caused was only equalled when a second
juror revealed that he spoke not a word of English.  A fluent French
speaker, he exhibited great surprised when told, after two days, that he
was hearing a murder trial.
	The trial was abandoned when a third juror said that he suffered
from both conditions, being simultaneously unversed in the English language
and nearly as deaf as the first juror.
	The judge ordered a retrial.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


XXI:
	It's easy to get a loan unless you need it.
XXII:
	If stock market experts were so expert, they would be buying stock,
	not selling advice.
XXIII:
	Any task can be completed in only one-third more time than is
	currently estimated.
XXIV:
	The only thing more costly than stretching the schedule of an
	established project is accelerating it, which is itself the most
	costly action known to man.
XXV:
	A revised schedule is to business what a new season is to an athlete
	or a new canvas to an artist.
		-- Norman Augustine


All I've got left on the list of desirable vocations is heiress to the
throne of any country in Western Europe and Laurie Anderson.  "Be
practical", was the choral reply from the dinner table.  Well, Laurie
Anderson is already Laurie Anderson, but I read an article in Harpers
that said there were eleven countries, in the world this is I think,
that have queens as sovereign rulers.  That's probably my best shot.


Do you believe in intuition?
No, but I have a strange feeling that someday I will.


Populus vult decipi.
[The people like to be deceived.]


Pessimist, n.:
	A man who spends all his time worrying about how he can keep the
	wolf from the door.

Optimist, n.:
	A man who refuses to see the wolf until he seizes the seat of
	his pants.

Opportunist, n.:
	A man who invites the wolf in and appears the next day in a fur coat.


Clarke's Conclusion:
	Never let your sense of morals interfere with doing the right thing.


You are in a maze of little twisting passages, all different.


It's easier to be a liberal a long way from home.
		-- Don Price


Hear about...
	the careless canary that did it for a lark?


Television -- a medium.  So called because it is neither rare nor well done.
		-- Ernie Kovacs


	A proper elderly English couple visiting Australia decided to hire a
car to take a look at the outback.  "We know it's rough country, but it's safe
and decent, isn't it?" the husband inquired of the rental-agency manager.
Upon being assured that it was, the couple drove off.
	Later that day, they returned, upset and angry.  "You said it was
decent country," the Englishwoman upbraided the rental agent, "but we hadn't
driven too far when we saw a man in a field copulating with a kangaroo!"
	"And not too long after that," complained her husband, "a one-legged
aborigine leaning against a tree by the side of the road grinningly waved
at us with one hand while he brazenly masturbated himself with the other!"
	"Guv'nor," responded the Aussie, "yer wouldn't expect a poor bugger
like that, with only one leg, to catch a 'roo, would you?"


	In a forest a fox bumps into a little rabbit, and says, "Hi,
Junior, what are you up to?"
	"I'm writing a dissertation on how rabbits eat foxes," said the
rabbit.
	"Come now, friend rabbit, you know that's impossible!  No one
will publish such rubbish!"
	"Well, follow me and I'll show you."
	They both go into the rabbit's dwelling and after a while the
rabbit emerges with a satisfied expression on his face.  Comes along a
wolf.  "Hello, little buddy, what are we doing these days?"
	"I'm writing the 2'nd chapter of my thesis, on how rabbits devour
wolves."
	"Are you crazy?  Where's your academic honesty?"
	"Come with me and I'll show you."
	As before, the rabbit comes out with a satisfied look on his face
and a diploma in his paw.  Finally, the camera pans into the rabbit's cave
and, as everybody should have guessed by now, we see a mean-looking, huge
lion, sitting, picking his teeth and belching, next to some furry, bloody
remnants of the wolf and the fox.

	The moral: It's not the contents of your thesis that are
important -- it's your PhD advisor that really counts.


When I hear a man applauded by the mob I always feel a pang of pity
for him.  All he has to do to be hissed is to live long enough.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Minority Report"


Unfair animal names:

-- tsetse fly			-- bullhead
-- booby			-- duck-billed platypus
-- sapsucker			-- Clarence
		-- Gary Larson


The aim of a joke is not to degrade the human being but to remind him that
he is already degraded.
		-- George Orwell


"First World" nations are the ones where people drive Japanese cars;
"Second World" nations are where First World residents go on vacation;
and "Third World" nations are the ones where people still dive out of
trees to prove their manhood.
		-- Dave Barry


If you are smart enough to know that you're not
smart enough to be an Engineer, then you're in Business.


The sealed-paper-in-a-safe thing is only your last resort if all your
password-knowers get hit by a redundant array of inexperienced busdrivers.
		-- jpd on comp.unix.freebsd.bsd.misc


Nasrudin called at a large house to collect for charity.  The servant said
"My master is out."  Nasrudin replied, "Tell your master that next time he
goes out, he should not leave his face at the window.  Someone might steal
it."


People will buy anything that's one to a customer.


Those who educate children well are more to be honored than
parents, for these only gave life, those the art of living well.
		-- Aristotle


Distributed Systems people do it loosely coupled.


Real Users know your home telephone number.


It is easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
		-- Leonardo da Vinci


It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.


Above all things, reverence yourself.


Sinners can repent, but stupid is forever.


Cohen's Law:
	There is no bottom to worse.


It's easier to be a liberal a long way from home.
		-- Don Price


A person who is more than casually interested in computers should be well
schooled in machine language, since it is a fundamental part of a computer.
		-- Donald E. Knuth


The Least Successful Collector
	Betsy Baker played a central role in the history of collecting.  She
was employed as a servant in the house of John Warburton (1682-1759) who had
amassed a fine collection of 58 first edition plays, including most of the
works of Shakespeare.
	One day Warburton returned home to find 55 of them charred beyond
legibility.  Betsy had either burned them or used them as pie bottoms.  The
remaining three folios are now in the British Museum.
	The only comparable literary figure was the maid who in 1835 burned
the manuscript of the first volume of Thomas Carlyle's "The History of the
French Revolution", thinking it was wastepaper.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Bit off more than my mind could chew,
Shower or suicide, what do I do?
		-- Julie Brown, "Will I Make it Through the Eighties?"


Little Miss Muffet sat on a tuffet,
Her knickers all tattered and torn.
For it wasn't a spider that sat down beside her,
But Little Boy Blue with his horn!


Christmas comes but once a year,
A time for love and laughter;
You can come much more than that,
But you have to clean up after.


The way to fight a woman is with your hat.  Grab it and run.


Most people have a mind that's open by appointment only.


Base 8 is just like base 10, if you are missing two fingers.
		-- Tom Lehrer


What if nothing exists and we're all in somebody's dream?
Or what's worse, what if only that fat guy in the third row exists?
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


	[I plan] to see, hear, touch, and destroy everything in my path,
including beets, rutabagas, and most random vegetables, but excluding yams,
as I am absolutely terrified of yams...
	Actually, I think my fear of yams began in my early youth, when many
of my young comrades pelted me with same for singing songs of far-off lands
and deep blue seas in a language closely resembling that of the common sow.
My psychosis was further impressed into my soul as I reached adolescence,
when, while skipping through a field of yams, light-heartedly tossing flowers
into the stratosphere, a great yam-picking machine tore through the fields,
pursuing me to the edge of the great plantation, where I escaped by diving
into a great ditch filled with a mixture of water and pig manure, which may
explain my tendency to scream, "Here come the Martians!  Hide the eggs!" every
time I have pork.  But I digress.  The fact remains that I cannot rationally
deal with yams, and pigs are terrible conversationalists.


An engineer is someone who does list processing in FORTRAN.


Always do right.  This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
		-- Mark Twain


Fishing, with me, has always been an excuse to drink in the daytime.
		-- Jimmy Cannon


Are you a turtle?


I shot an arrow in to the air, and it stuck.
		-- graffito in Los Angeles

On a clear day,
U.C.L.A.
		-- graffito in San Francisco

There's so much pollution in the air now that if it weren't for our
lungs there'd be no place to put it all.
		-- Robert Orben


It's not hard to admit errors that are [only] cosmetically wrong.
		-- J. K. Galbraith


Psychiatry enables us to correct our faults by confessing our parents'
shortcomings.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter, "Peter's Principles"


I would like the government to do all it can to mitigate, then, in
understanding, in mutuality of interest, in concern for the common good,
our tasks will be solved.
		-- Warren G. Harding


It is sweet to let the mind unbend on occasion.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


	At an elegant dinner party, Lady Astor once leaned across the table
to remark, "If you were my husband, Winston, I'd poison your coffee."  "And
if you were my wife, I'd beat the shit out of you," came Churchill's
unhesitating retort.
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


There is not much to choose between a woman who deceives
us for another, and a woman who deceives another for ourselves.
		-- Augier


A right is not what someone gives you; it's what no one can take from you.
		-- Ramsey Clark


A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
Therefore, a man without a woman is like a bicycle without a fish.


Remember that whatever misfortune may be your lot, it could only be
worse in Cleveland.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


	Two little kids, aged six and eight, decide it's time to learn
how to swear. So, the eight-year-old says to the six-year-old, "Okay,
you say `ass' and I'll say `hell'".
	All excited about their plan, they troop downstairs, where
their mother asks them what they'd like for breakfast.
	"Aw, hell," says the eight-year-old, "gimme some Cheerios."
His mother backhands him off the stool, sending him bawling out of the
room, and turns to the younger brother.  "What'll you have?"
	"I dunno," quavers the six-year-old, "but you can bet your ass
it ain't gonna be Cheerios."


Q:	What do you have when you have a lawyer buried up to his neck in sand?
A:	Not enough sand.


better !pout !cry
better watchout
lpr why
santa claus <north pole >town

cat /etc/passwd >list
ncheck list
ncheck list
cat list | grep naughty >nogiftlist
cat list | grep nice >giftlist
santa claus <north pole >town

who | grep sleeping
who | grep awake
who | egrep 'bad|good'
for (goodness sake) {
	be good
}


We ... make the modern error of dignifying the Individual.  We do everything
we can to butter him up.  We give him a name, assure him that he has certain
inalienable rights, educate him, let him pass on his name to his brats and
when he dies we give him a special hole in the ground ... But after all, he's
only  a seed, a bloom and a withering stalk among pressing billions.  Your
Individual is a pretty disgusting, vain, lewd little bastard ... By God,
he has only one right guaranteed him in Nature, and that is the right to die
and stink to Heaven.
		-- Ross Lockridge, quoted in "Short Lives" by Katinka Matson


Jenkinson's Law:
	It won't work.


Slang is language that takes off its coat,
spits on its hands, and goes to work.


The last time I saw him he was walking down Lover's Lane holding his own
hand.
		-- Fred Allen


Long life is in store for you.


The father, passing through his son's college town late one evening on a
business trip, thought he would pay his boy a surprise visit.  Arriving at the
lad's fraternity house, dad rapped loudly on the door.  After several minutes
of knocking, a sleepy voice drifted down from a second-floor window,
	"Whaddaya want?"
	"Does Ramsey Duncan live here?" asked the father.
	"Yeah," replied the voice.  "Dump him on the front porch."


In high school in Brooklyn
I was the baseball manager,
proud as I could be
I chased baseballs,
gathered thrown bats
handed out the towels			Eventually, I bought my own
It was very important work		but it was dark blue while
for a small spastic kid,		the official ones were green
but I was a team member			Nobody ever said anything
When the team got			to me about my blue jacket;
their warm-up jackets			the guys were my friends
I didn't get one			Yet it hurt me all year
Only the regular team			to wear that blue jacket
got these jackets, and			among all those green ones
surely not a manager			Even now, forty years after,
					I still recall that jacket
					and the memory goes on hurting.
		-- Bart Lanier Safford III, "An Obscured Radiance"


The genital area of Ann
Will accommodate any size man,
	From the wee that cause titters
	To the mighty twat-splitters
That cause screams peasants hear in Japan.


The best man for the job is often a woman.


I poured spot remover on my dog.  Now he's gone.
		-- Steven Wright


The only real way to look younger is not to be born so soon.
		-- Charles Schulz, "Things I've Had to Learn Over and
		   Over and Over"


Roses are red;
	Violets are blue.
I'm schizophrenic,
	And so am I.


It was a Roman who said it was sweet to die for one's country.  The Greeks
never said it was sweet to die for anything.  They had no vital lies.
		-- Edith Hamilton, "The Greek Way"


Year, n.:
	A period of three hundred and sixty-five disappointments.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Recursion is the root of computation
since it trades description for time.


Help stamp out and abolish redundancy!


Never do today what you can put off until tomorrow.


Build a man a fire, and he'll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire,
and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
		-- Terry Pratchett


The best you get is an even break.
		-- Franklin Adams


She's genuinely bogus.


Is a computer language with goto's totally Wirth-less?


Q:	How many Romulans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Twelve.  One to screw the light-bulb in, and eleven
	to self-destruct the ship out of disgrace.

	[Warning: do not tell this joke to Romulans or else be ready for
	a fight.  They consider it to be a disgrace, though it's
	pretty good for a LBJ.  Ed.]


Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear -- not absence of fear.
		-- Mark Twain


Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.


I place economy among the first and most important virtues, and public debt as
the greatest of dangers to be feared.  To preserve our independence, we must
not let our rulers load us with perpetual debt.  If we run into such debts, we
must be taxed in our meat and drink, in our necessities and in our comforts,
in our labor and in our amusements.  If we can prevent the government from
wasting the labor of the people, under the pretense of caring for them, they
will be happy.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Have the courage to take your own thoughts
seriously, for they will shape you.
		-- Albert Einstein


Sure, and of course I would vote for a woman for president!
Quite naturally, we wouldn't have to pay her so much.


When I was growing up my mother kept telling me we're just friends.

I tell ya I was an ugly kid.  I was so ugly that my Dad kept the kid's
picture that came with the wallet he bought.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


Your goose is cooked.
(Your current chick is burned up too!)


Ah say, son, you're about as sharp as a bowlin' ball.


Drilling for oil is boring.


	While visiting our country, a lovely French maiden found herself
out of money just as her visa expired.  Unable to pay her passage back to
France, she was in despair until an enterprising sailor made her a sporting
proposition.  "My ship is sailing tonight," he said.  "I'll smuggle you
aboard, hide you down in the hold and provide you with a mattress, blankets
and food.  All it will cost you is a little love."
	The girl consented, and late that night the sailor sneaked her on
board his vessel.  Twice each day thereafter, the sailor smuggled a large
tray of food below decks, took his pleasure with the little French stowaway
and departed.  The days turned into weeks, and the weeks might have turned
into months if the captain hadn't noticed the sailor carrying food below one
evening and followed him.  After witnessing this unique bit of barter, he
waited until the sailor had departed and then confronted the girl, demanding
an explanation.  She told him the whole story.
	"Hmmm," mused the captain.  "A clever arrangement, and I must say I
admire that young seaman's ingenuity.  However, miss, I feel it is only fair
to tell you that this is the Staten Island Ferry."


Wall Street indices predicted nine out of the last five recessions
		-- Paul A. Samuelson, Nobel laureate in economics
		   (Newsweek, Science and Stocks, 19 Sep. 1966.)


Why don't somebody print the truth about our present economic condition?
We spent years of wild buying on credit, everything under the sun, whether
we needed it or not, and now we are having to pay for it, howling like a
pet coon.  This would be a great world to dance in if we didn't have to
pay the fiddler.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


After rushing into a drugstore, the nervous young man was obviously
embarrassed when a prim thirty-ish woman asked if she could serve him.
	"N-no," he stammered, "I'd like to see the druggist."
	"I'm the druggist", she replied cheerfully.
	"Oh.. well, uh, it's nothing important," he said, and turned to leave.
	"Young man," said the woman, "my sister and I have been running this
drugstore for nearly ten years.  There is nothing you can tell us that will
embarrass us.
	"Well, all right," he said.  "I have this awful sexual hunger that
nothing will appease.  No matter how many times I make love, I still want to
make love again and again.  Is there anything you can give me for it?"
	"Just a moment," said the woman, "I'll have to discuss this with my
sister."
	A few minutes later, she returned.  "The best we can do," she said,
"is room and board and a half-interest in the business."


Take your dying with some seriousness, however.
Laughing on the way to your execution is not generally understood
by less-advanced life-forms, and they'll call you crazy.
		-- "Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul"


