You can bear anything if it isn't your own fault.
		-- Katharine Fullerton Gerould


The confusion of a staff member is measured by the length of his
memos.
		-- New York Times, Jan. 20, 1981


If I had a plantation in Georgia and a home in Hell,
I'd sell the plantation and go home.
		-- Eugene P. Gallagher


A meeting is an event at which the
minutes are kept and the hours are lost.


He who despairs over an event is a coward, but he who holds hopes for
the human condition is a fool.
		-- Albert Camus


In an organization, each person rises to the level of his own
incompetency
		-- The Peter Principle


Neglect of duty does not cease, by repetition, to be neglect of duty.
		-- Napoleon


Women reason with the heart and are much less often wrong
than men who reason with the head.
		-- DeLescure


The only promotion rules I can think of are that a sense of shame is to
be avoided at all costs and there is never any reason for a hustler to
be less cunning than more virtuous men.  Oh yes ... whenever you think
you've got something really great, add ten per cent more.
		-- Bill Veeck


An American businessman in London was given special visitor's privileges at an
exclusive men's club.  Striding in one afternoon, the American approached the
only other man in the lounge and tried to strike up a conversation.  "Care
for a cigar?" he asked.
	"No, thank you," the Englishman replied.  "I tried smoking once and
didn't like it."
	"Would you care to join me in the bar for a drink, then?" the
businessman asked.
	"No, thank you.  I tried drinking once and it didn't agree with me."
	"Well, how about a game of billiards?"
	"Sorry.  I tried it once and couldn't seem to get the hang of it."
	As the American started to turn away, the Englishman said, "But my
son will be here shortly, and I'm sure he would enjoy a game with you."
	"Your son?  An only child, I presume."


Oh Father, my Father, Oh what must I do?
They're burning our streets and beating me blue.
"Listen my son, I'll tell you the truth:
Get a close haircut and spit-shine your shoes."

Oh Mother, my Mother, my confusions remove,
I long to embrace her whose hair is so smooth.
"Now listen my son, although you're confused,
Cut your hair close and shine all your shoes."

Oh Teacher, my Teacher, your life with me share.
What books ought I read?  What thoughts do I dare?
"Oh Student, my Student, of dissent you beware.
Shine those dull shoes and cut short your hair."

Oh Preacher, my Preacher, does God really care?
Are all races equal?  Are laws just and fair?
"Boy -- here's the answer, no need to despair:
Shine those new shoes and cut short that hair."


With every passing hour our solar system comes forty-three thousand
miles closer to globular cluster M13 in the constellation Hercules,
and still there are some misfits who continue to insist that there
is no such thing as progress.
		-- Ransom K. Ferm


You can't take it with you --
especially when crossing a state line.


What!?  Me worry?
		-- A. E. Neuman


I'd rather just believe that it's done by little elves running around.


I don't care who does the electing as long as I get to do the
nominating.
		-- Boss Tweed


The climate of Bombay is such that its inhabitants have to live elsewhere.


Physicists do it with charm.


Sen. Danforth:  "There is nothing on the face of the album which would
		notify you if the record has pornographic material or
		material glorifying violence?"
Tipper Gore:	"No, there is nothing that would suggest that to me."
Frank Zappa:	"I would say that a buzz saw blade between the guy's legs on
		the album cover is good indication that it's not for little
		Johnny."

		-- The Senate Commerce Committee hearing on rock
		   lyrics, from The Village Voice, 6 Oct 1985


Even a man who is pure at heart,
And says his prayers at night
Can become a wolf when the wolfbane blooms,
And the moon is full and bright.
		-- The Wolf Man, 1941


We totally deny the allegations, and
we're trying to identify the allegators.


	Everyone in the smart nightclub was amazed by the old gentleman,
obviously pushing 70, tossing off manhattans and cavorting around the dance
floor like a 20-year old.  Finally curiosity got the best of the cigarette
girl.  "I beg your pardon, sir," she said, "but I'm amazed to see a gentleman
of your age living it up like a youngster.  Tell me, are all of your faculties
unimpaired?"
	The old fellow looked up at the girl sadly and shook his head.  "Not
all, I'm afraid." he said.  "Just last evening I went nightclubbing with a
girlfriend -- we drank and danced all night and finally rolled into her place
about two A.M.  We went to bed immediately, and I was asleep almost as soon
as my head hit the pillow.  I woke around three-thirty and nudged my girl."
	"Why, George," she said in surprise, "we did that fifteen minutes ago."
	"So you see," the old boy said sadly, "my memory is beginning to
fail me."


There is no future in time travel.


Some of the management around here are the final proof that the Indians
fucked the buffalo.


Avoid strange women and temporary variables.


A conservative is a man who believes that nothing should be done for
the first time.
		-- Alfred E. Wiggam


But they'll never mechanize me -- not me!
Said Charlotte, the Louisville harlot.
		-- S.I. Hayakawa


