All I know is what the words know, and dead things, and that
makes a handsome little sum, with a beginning and a middle and
an end, as in the well-built phrase and the long sonata of the dead.
		-- Samuel Beckett


If I had done everything I'm credited with, I'd be speaking to you from
a laboratory jar at Harvard.
		-- Frank Sinatra

AS USUAL, YOUR INFORMATION STINKS.
		-- Frank Sinatra, telegram to "Time" magazine


Hear me, my chiefs, I am tired; my heart is sick and sad.
From where the sun now stands I Will Fight No More Forever.
		-- Chief Joseph of the Nez Perce


You should never wear your best trousers
when you go out to fight for freedom and liberty.
		-- Henrik Ibsen


An interpretation I satisfies a sentence in the table language if and only if
each entry in the table designates the value of the function designated by the
function constant in the upper-left corner applied to the objects designated
by the corresponding row and column labels.
		-- Genesereth & Nilsson,
		   "Logical foundations of Artificial Intelligence"


Rule 46, Oxford Union Society, London:
	Any member introducing a dog into the Society's premises shall
be liable to a fine of one pound.  Any animal leading a blind person
shall be deemed to be a cat.


When a shepherd goes to kill a wolf, and takes his dog along to see
the sport, he should take care to avoid mistakes.  The dog has certain
relationships to the wolf the shepherd may have forgotten.
		-- Robert Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"


Chicken Soup, n.:
	An ancient miracle drug containing equal parts of aureomycin,
	cocaine, interferon, and TLC.  The only ailment chicken soup
	can't cure is neurotic dependence on one's mother.
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


They're basically very smelly houseplants until they get to the crawling
age.  You're constantly terrified that they're going to randomly die on
you, but the rules for preventing that outcome are straightforward and
hard to forget.
		-- Thomas Ptacek, giving advice to a new father


The strong individual loves the earth so much he lusts for recurrence.  He
can smile in the face of the most terrible thought: meaningless, aimless
existence recurring eternally.  The second characteristic of such a man is
that he has the strength to recognize -- and to live with the recognition --
that the world is valueless in itself and that all values are human ones.
He creates himself by fashioning his own values; he has the pride to live
by the values he wills.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Review Questions

1:	If Nerd on the planet Nutley starts out in his spaceship at 20 KPH,
	and his speed doubles every 3.2 seconds, how long will it be before
	he exceeds the speed of light?  How long will it be before the
	Galactic Patrol picks up the pieces of his spaceship?

2:	If Roger Rowdy wrecks his car every week, and each week he breaks
	twice as many bones as before, how long will it be before he breaks
	every bone in his body?  How long will it be before they cut off
	his insurance?  Where does he get a new car every week?

3:	If Johnson drinks one beer the first hour (slow start), four beers
	the next hour, nine beers the next, etc., and stacks the cans in
	a pyramid, how soon will Johnson's pyramid be larger than King
	Tut's?  When will it fall on him?  Will he notice?


	"Haig, in congressional hearings before his confirmatory, paradoxed
his audiencers by abnormaling his responds so that verbs were nouned, nouns
verbed, and adjectives adverbised.  He techniqued a new way to vocabulary his
thoughts so as to informationally uncertain anybody listening about what he
had actually implicationed.
	"If that is how General Haig wants to nervous breakdown the Russian
leadership, he may be shrewding his way to the biggest diplomatic invent
since Clausewitz.  Unless, that is, he schizophrenes his allies first."
		-- The Guardian


You can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard.


Uncle Ed's Rule of Thumb:
	Never use your thumb for a rule.
	You'll either hit it with a hammer or get a splinter in it.


I have an existential map.  It has "You are here" written all over it.
		-- Steven Wright


There is no bad taste.  There is only good taste, and that is bad.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Chipmunks roasting on an open fire
Jack Frost ripping up your nose
Yuletide carolers being thrown in the fire
And folks dressed up like buffaloes
Everybody knows a turkey slaughtered in the snow
Helps to make the season right
Tiny tots with their eyes all gouged out
Will find it hard to see tonight
They know that Santa's on his way
He's loaded lots of guns and bullets on his sleigh
And every mother's child is sure to spy
To see if reindeer really scream when they die
And so I'm offering this simple phrase
To kids from one to ninety two
Although it's been said many times, many ways
Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas, Fuck you!!


Nothing is illegal if one hundred businessmen decide to do it.
		-- Andrew Young


God is big, so don't fuck with him.


[A computer is] like an Old Testament god, with a lot of rules and no mercy.
		-- Joseph Campbell


You like to form new friendships and make new acquaintances.


The descent to Hades is the same from every place.
		-- Anaxagoras


Hark, the Herald Tribune sings,
Advertising wondrous things.
		-- Tom Lehrer


Don't kiss an elephant on the lips today.


The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one
persists in trying to adapt the world to himself.  Therefore all
progress depends on the unreasonable man.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


... Our second completely true news item was sent to me by Mr. H. Boyce
Connell, Jr. of Atlanta, Ga., where he is involved in a law firm.  One
thing I like about the South is, folks there care about tradition.  If
somebody gets handed a name like "H. Boyce," he hangs on to it, puts it
on his legal stationery, even passes it to his son, rather than do what
a lesser person would do, such as get it changed or kill himself.
		-- Dave Barry, "This Column is Nothing but the Truth!"


If a listener nods his head when you're
explaining your program, wake him up.


The better the state is established, the fainter is humanity.
To make the individual uncomfortable, that is my task.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Don't you wish you had more energy... or less ambition?


If we relied conclusively on scientific data for every one of our
findings, I'm afraid all of our work would be inconclusive.
		-- Henry Hudson, of the Meese Pornography Commission, on
		   criticism of its conclusion that pornography causes sex
		   crimes.


	A novice asked the Master: "Here is a programmer that never designs,
documents, or tests his programs.  Yet all who know him consider him one of
the best programmers in the world.  Why is this?"
	The Master replies: "That programmer has mastered the Tao.  He has
gone beyond the need for design; he does not become angry when the system
crashes, but accepts the universe without concern.  He has gone beyond the
need for documentation; he no longer cares if anyone else sees his code.  He
has gone beyond the need for testing; each of his programs are perfect within
themselves, serene and elegant, their purpose self-evident.  Truly, he has
entered the mystery of the Tao."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


I suggest a new strategy, R2: let the Wookiee win.
		-- C-3PO


If you explain so clearly that nobody can misunderstand, somebody
will.


The identical is equal to itself, since it is different.
		-- Franco Spisani


A big store buyer had been on the road for nearly two months.  Each week he
would send his wife a telegram saying,
	"Can't come home yet.  Still buying."
His wife knew that these buying trips usually involved more than business.
She tolerated this particular jaunt for a while, but when the third month
rolled by and she'd still seen nothing of her husband but the weekly telegrams,
she wired him,
	"Better come home.  I'm selling what you're buying."


Hubbard's Law:
	Don't take life too seriously;
	you won't get out of it alive.


For large values of one, one equals two, for small values of two.


It is Texas law that when two trains meet each other at a railroad
crossing, each shall come to a full stop, and neither shall proceed
until the other has gone.


FORTUNE TESTS THE GREAT MANAGERS: #9

You are making a sales presentation to a group of corporate executives
in the plushest office you've ever seen.  The enchilada casserole and
egg salad sandwich you had for lunch react, creating severe pressure.
Your sphincter loses control and you break wind, causing the glass
bookcase doors to shatter and a secretary to pass out.  You:

	(a) Offer to come back next week when the smell has gone away.
	(b) Point to the Chief Executive and accuse him of the offense.
	(c) Challenge anyone in the room to do better.


WHENEVER ANYBODY SAYS he's struggling to become a human being I have to
laugh because the apes beat him to it by about a million years.  Struggle
to become a parrot or something.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


You can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard.


I am looking for a honest man.
		-- Diogenes the Cynic


What's the worst thing about being an atheist?
Noone to talk to when you're having an orgasm.


Men never make passes at girls wearing glasses.
		-- Dorothy Parker


The good life was so elusive
It really got me down
I had to regain some confidence
So I got into camouflage


Assembly language experience is [important] for the maturity
and understanding of how computers work that it provides.
		-- D. Gries


Those of you who think you know everything are very annoying to those
of us who do.


Ok, note to all reading this: if I ask for information and you don't
have the information available, don't bother sending me an e-mail
just to tell me that you don't have the information available. Wait
until you do have the information available, and then e-mail me. You'll
save precious time and electrons.
		-- Bill Paul


Magnocartic, adj.:
	Any automobile that, when left unattended, attracts shopping
	carts.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Life is one long struggle in the dark.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


Practice is the best of all instructors.
		-- Publilius


Q:	What is the mating call of a blonde?
A:	I think I'm drunk.

Q:	What's the call of a disappointed blonde?
A:	I *said*, I *think* I'm drunk!

Q:	What is the mating call of the ugly blonde?
A:	(Screaming) "I said: I'm drunk!"


The day advanced as if to light some work of mine; it was morning,
and lo! now it is evening, and nothing memorable is accomplished.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


	If I kiss you, that is a psychological interaction.
	On the other hand, if I hit you over the head with a brick,
that is also a psychological interaction.
	The difference is that one is friendly and the other is not
so friendly.
	The crucial point is if you can tell which is which.
		-- Dolph Sharp, "I'm O.K., You're Not So Hot"


QOTD:
	"Y'know how s'm people treat th'r body like a TEMPLE?
	Well, I treat mine like 'n AMUSEMENT PARK...  S'great..."


Tom Hayden is the kind of politician who gives opportunism a bad name.
		-- Gore Vidal


You shall judge of a man by his foes as well as by his friends.
		-- Joseph Conrad


Yinkel, n.:
	A person who combs his hair over his bald spot,
	hoping no one will notice.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


It has been justly observed by sages of all lands that although a man may be
most happily married and continue in that state with the utmost contentment,
it does not necessarily follow that he has therefore been struck stone-blind.
		-- H. Warner Munn


Q:	Why did God invent booze?
A:	So ugly men could get laid too.


Function reject.


A countryman between two lawyers is like a fish between two cats.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Prope mare erat tubulator
Qui virginem ingrediebatur.
	Dessine ingressus
	Audivi progressus:
Est mihi inquit tubulator.


I have more humility in my little finger than you have in your whole
_B_O_D_Y!
		-- from "Cerebus" #82


I can give you my word, but I know what it's worth and you don't.
		-- Nero Wolfe, "Over My Dead Body"


Children seldom misquote you.  In fact, they usually
repeat word for word what you shouldn't have said.


Drug, n.:
	A substance that, when injected into a rat, produces a scientific
	paper.


Ever wonder why fire engines are red?

Because newspapers are read too.
Two and Two is four.
Four and four is eight.
Eight and four is twelve.
There are twelve inches in a ruler.
Queen Mary was a ruler.
Queen Mary was a ship.
Ships sail the sea.
There are fishes in the sea.
Fishes have fins.
The Fins fought the Russians.
Russians are red.
Fire engines are always rush'n.
Therefore fire engines are red.


Even moderation ought not to be practiced to excess.


THE THREE MOST COMMONLY-ASKED QUESTIONS AT DISNEYLAND:

1) Where's the bathroom?
2) What time does the parade start?
3) Do you sell anything without that damn mouse on it?


Q:	How can a real man tell when his girl friend's having an orgasm.
A:	Real men don't care.


To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what
he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.


I go the way that Providence dictates.
		-- Adolf Hitler


A few hours grace before the madness begins again.


1/2 oz. gin
1/2 oz. vodka
1/2 oz. rum (preferably dark)
3/4 oz. tequila
1/2 oz. triple sec
1/2 oz. orange juice
3/4 oz. sour mix
1/2 oz. cola
shake with ice and strain into frosted glass.
		Long Island Iced Tea


Boys are beyond the range of anybody's sure understanding, at least
when they are between the ages of 18 months and 90 years.
		-- James Thurber


	So this traveling salesman got an audience with the Pope.
"Hey, father," he said, "have you heard the joke about the two Polacks
who --"
	"My son," the Pope reminded him, "I'm Polish."
	The salesman thought for a moment.  "That's okay, Father," he
said. "I'll tell it very slowly."


She's looking for:	He's looking for:	Foreplay:
1957			Someone who'll go	Her: Finding a place to put
Mr. Nice Guy		all the way		     her gum
						Him: Wondering which word would
						     best describe her breasts
						     to the guys

1967			Someone who's got	The first ten minutes
Mr. Natural		rolling papers and	of "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida"
			will go all the way

1977			Someone who'll go	Testing the batteries
Mr. Goodbar		all the way in leg
			warmers and a leather
			face mask

1987			Someone who's never	Examination of the genitalia
Mr. Clean		gone all the way in	under the magnifying glass
			San Francisco		that Grandma used for needle-
						point before she passed away
		-- Michael Corcoran, "National Lampoon", October 1987


He's dead, Jim.


Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down.


Did you know?
		EVERY TIME A LOAF OF BREAD IS BAKED,
			   APPROXIMATELY
		       150,000,000 YEASTS ARE
			      KILLED

		 Come to the award-winning 1987 film,
		  "The Very Small and Quiet Screams"
	-- a cinematic electromicrograph of yeasts being baked.

A must for those who care about yeast, and especially for those who don't.

			     SPONSORED BY
		Brown Anaerobe Rights Coalition (BARC)
	       Student Bakers for Social Responsibility
	      Coalition for the ELevation of Life (CELL)
		   Campus Crusade for Fetal Matters

Defend all life: "From greatest to least, from human to yeast!"


Events are not affected, they develop.
		-- Sri Aurobindo


You need more time; and you probably always will.


He flung himself on his horse and rode madly off in all directions.
		-- Stephen Leacock


We should have a great many fewer disputes in the world if only words were
taken for what they are, the signs of our ideas only, and not for things
themselves.
		-- John Locke


So this elderly couple were sitting in their tiny cold water flat on the
lower East Side when the husband said, "Doris, we're in bad shape.  Inflation
has eaten up our Social Security check.  The next one isn't due for a week
and we've got no money left for food."
	"Could I do anything to help?" she asked.
	"Yes," he said.  "I hate to see you do this but it's the only way.
You're going to have to go out and hustle."
	"Me?" she asked.  "At the age of sixty-five?"
	"It's the only way," he said.
Resigned to the situation, she went out into the warm night.  She came
staggering in early the next morning.
	"How did you do?" asked the husband.
	"Here," she said, "I've got four dollars and ten cents."
	"Four dollars and ten cents," he said.  "Who gave you the ten cents?"
	"Everybody," she said.


Don't do the crime, if you can't do the time.
		-- Lt. Col. Ollie North


	A carpet installer decides to take a cigarette break after completing
the installation in the first of several rooms he has to do.  Finding them
missing from his pocket he begins searching, only to notice a small lump in
his recently completed carpet-installation.  Not wanting to pull up all that
work for a lousy pack of cigarettes he simply walks over and pounds the lump
flat.  Foregoing the break, he continues on to the other rooms to be carpeted.
	At the end of the day, while loading his tools into his truck, two
events occur almost simultaneously: he spies his pack of cigarettes on the
dashboard of the truck, and the lady of the house summons him imperiously:
"Have you seen my parakeet?"


After all, what is your hosts' purpose in having a party?  Surely not for
you to enjoy yourself; if that were their sole purpose, they'd have simply
sent champagne and women over to your place by taxi.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


He who renders warfare fatal to all engaged in it will
be the greatest benefactor the world has yet known.
		-- Sir Richard Burton


Frankly, Scarlett, I don't have a fix.
		-- Rhett Buggler


An American scientist once visited the offices of the great Nobel prize
winning physicist, Niels Bohr, in Copenhagen.  He was amazed to find that
over Bohr's desk was a horseshoe, securely nailed to the wall, with the
open end up in the approved manner (so it would catch the good luck and not
let it spill out).  The American said with a nervous laugh,
	"Surely you don't believe the horseshoe will bring you good luck,
do you, Professor Bohr?  After all, as a scientist --"
Bohr chuckled.
	"I believe no such thing, my good friend.  Not at all.  I am
scarcely likely to believe in such foolish nonsense.  However, I am told
that a horseshoe will bring you good luck whether you believe in it or not."


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(13) To dictatorships, peace means the absence of opposition.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


British education is probably the best in the world, if you can survive
it.  If you can't there is nothing left for you but the diplomatic corps.
		-- Peter Ustinov


Konrad Lorenz, the great animal behaviorist, was scrupulous about cultivating
fruitful confusion.  Lorenz lived among his research subjects:  dozens of
species of mammals, birds, reptiles, and fishes.  He did not quantify, control,
or consciously experiment.  He got to know each creature individually, then
threw them together, watching for the unexpected, the unusual, or the bizarre
in the chaos that followed.  For example, his interest in one of ethology's
most important concepts, that of intention movements (motions with meaning,
such as the head bobbing in birds that serves as an alarm signal before
flight), derived from an inadvertent experiment.  He had trained a free-flying
raven to eat raw meat from his hand and had been feeding the bird for several
hours one day.  He would reach into his pants pocket and take out a piece of
meat, and the raven would swoop down to grab it in its bill.  By and by, Lorenz
went to relieve himself near a hedge.  When the raven saw him put his hand
into his pants and pull out another morsel of meat, it swooped down, hungrily
grasping the new mouthful in its bill.  Lorenz howled in pain.  But the event
left a deep impression on him -- about how faithfully animals respond to
intention movements, that is.
		-- The Sciences, May/June, 1988, N.Y. Academy of Science


I have ways of making money that you know nothing of.
		-- John D. Rockefeller


