You dialed 5483.


Love IS what it's cracked up to be.


Luck, that's when preparation and opportunity meet.
		-- P. E. Trudeau


Equality is not when a female Einstein gets promoted to assistant
professor; equality is when a female schlemiel moves ahead as fast as a
male schlemiel.
		-- Ewald Nyquist


He has been known by many names;  the Prince of Lies, the Director, Lucifer,
Belial, and once, at a party, some obnoxious drunk kept calling him "Dude".
		-- Stig's Inferno


A good name lost is seldom regained.  When character is gone,
all is gone, and one of the richest jewels of life is lost forever.
		-- J. Hawes


No, "Eureka" is Greek for "This bath is too hot."
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


I've got my ANSI C Reference book right here but it doesn't say anything
about getting raped in the ass as part of the official C language (maybe
I should get a C++ reference manual).
		-- Deuce, Jerk City


If there is no wind, row.
		-- Polish proverb


New York's got the ways and means;
Just won't let you be.
		-- The Grateful Dead


Il y a une jeune fille amoureuse
D'un homme qu'a une conduite honteuse;
	Il la mene chaque soir
	A son caveau noir
Et la bat avec plaintes crapuleuses.
		-- Edward Gorey


Save Soviet Jewry -- Win Valuable Prizes!!!!


Fresco's Discovery:
	If you knew what you were doing you'd probably be bored.


Practice is the best of all instructors.
		-- Publilius


Have you ever met a man of good character where women are concerned?

Well, I haven't.  I find that whenever a woman becomes friends with me,
she becomes jealous, exacting, suspicious, and a damn nuisance; and
whenever I become friends with a woman, I become selfish and tyrannical.
So here I am, Pickering, a confirmed old bachelor and very likely to
remain so.
		-- Henry Higgins, "My Fair Lady"


A priest advised Voltaire on his death bed to renounce the devil.
Replied Voltaire, "This is no time to make new enemies."


The best thing that comes out of Iowa is I-80.


This is a test of the emergency broadcast system.
Had there been an actual emergency, then you would no longer be here.


Mr. Rockford, this is the Thomas Crown School of Dance and Contemporary
Etiquette.  We aren't going to call again!  Now you want these free
lessons or what?


Long, long ago, in the Old West, a rancher rode into town to buy supplies.
When he returned, he found that his whole family had been killed, his wife
raped, his house burned, and all his cattle rustled.  When he told his
distant neighbors about the tragedy, a few of them reported that the only
stranger they had seen in the area for weeks was a tall desperado wearing a
black hat and a red neckerchief.
	The cowboy saddled his fastest horse and set out to find the villian.
He searched for months but couldn't catch up with the culprit; in town after
dusty town he was told that a man fitting the description had been there but
had just departed; usually after some heinous crime.
	One evening after a hard day's ride he came into a town, tied his
horse, and entered the saloon.  At a table in the corner sat an ugly man,
with a black hat and a red neckerchief!  Slowly the cowboy stalked up to
this man, his hands resting upon his guns.
	"Are you the man who killed my family, raped my wife, burned my
house and rustled my cattle?"
	"Probably; after so many, how can I be sure?" snarled the bandit.
	"You better cut that shit out!"


Egotist, n.:
	A person of low taste, more interested in himself than me.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Telephone, n.:
	An invention of the devil which abrogates some of the advantages of
	making a disagreeable person keep his distance.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Stop searching forever.  Happiness is unattainable.


Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	Good children always obey.
	Quit acting so childish.
	Boys don't cry.
	If you keep making faces, someday it'll freeze that way.
	Why do you have to know so much?
	This hurts me more than it hurts you.
	Why?  Because I'm bigger than you.
	Well, you've ruined everything.  Now are you happy?
	Oh, grow up.
	I'm only doing this because I love you.


Do you know the difference between education and experience?  Education
is when you read the fine print; experience is what you get when you don't.
		-- Pete Seeger


Time sharing: The use of many people by the computer.


One Bell System - it sometimes works.


Don't be overly suspicious where it's not warranted.


Our business in life is not to succeed
but to continue to fail in high spirits.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"After three days without programming, life becomes meaningless."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


	Two longtime friends sipped Scotch in a local bar and talked about
their troubles.  "And on top of everything else," said the first, "my wife
has cut me down to just once a week."
	"That's too bad," agreed his friend, "but it could be worse.  I know
two guys she's cut off altogether.


One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
		-- Helen Keller


Many pages make a thick book, except for pocket Bibles which are on very
thin paper.


Whistler's mother is off her rocker.


Come live with me, and be my love,
And we will some new pleasures prove
Of golden sands, and crystal brooks,
With silken lines, and silver hooks.
		-- John Donne


Nothing will ever be attempted
if all possible objections must be first overcome.
		-- Dr. Johnson


Two men look out through the same bars; one sees mud, and one the stars.


Kill Kill,
Hate Hate,
Murder, Maim, and Mutilate!


How should they answer?
		-- Abigail Van Buren (Dear Abby) in reply to the question
		   "Why do Jews always answer a question with a question?"


Abbott's Admonitions:
	1: If you have to ask, you're not entitled to know.
	2: If you don't like the answer, you shouldn't have asked
		the question.
		-- Charles Abbot, dean, University of Virginia


You will receive a legacy which will place you above want.


Everybody knows that the dice are loaded.  Everybody rolls with their
fingers crossed.  Everybody knows the war is over.  Everybody knows the
good guys lost.  Everybody knows the fight was fixed: the poor stay
poor, the rich get rich.  That's how it goes.  Everybody knows.

Everybody knows that the boat is leaking.  Everybody knows the captain
lied.  Everybody got this broken feeling like their father or their dog
just died.

Everybody talking to their pockets.  Everybody wants a box of chocolates
and long stem rose.  Everybody knows.

Everybody knows that you love me, baby.  Everybody knows that you really
do.  Everybody knows that you've been faithful, give or take a night or
two.  Everybody knows you've been discreet, but there were so many people
you just had to meet without your clothes.  And everybody knows.

And everybody knows it's now or never.  Everybody knows that it's me or you.
And everybody knows that you live forever when you've done a line or two.
Everybody knows the deal is rotten: Old Black Joe's still pickin' cotton
for you ribbons and bows.  And everybody knows.
		-- Leonard Cohen, "Everybody Knows"


Q:	What do agnostic, insomniac dyslexics do at night?
A:	Stay awake and wonder if there's a dog.


Your first husband was the one you married while firmly believing that
there are more important things in life than great sex.


I never pray before meals -- my mom's a good cook.


The groundhog is like most other prophets;
it delivers its message and then disappears.


Men are those creatures with two legs and eight hands.
		-- Jayne Mansfield


Fly me away to the bright side of the moon ...


Don't kid yourself.  Little is relevant, and nothing lasts forever.


Toothpaste never hurts the taste of good scotch.


God is real, unless declared integer.


Your files are now being encrypted and thrown into the bit bucket.
EOF


Brigands will demand your money or
your life, but a woman will demand both.
		-- Samuel Butler


He who dares the wrong, acts right, that's how it happens!
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


I went to a wild party last night.  I tell ya, it was so wild, we played
a new version of Russian roulette.  We passed around six girls and one
of them had V.D.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


If you don't have time to do it right, where
are you going to find the time to do it over?


Heisenberg may have done it.


That's the most fun I've had without laughing.
		-- Woody Allen, on sex


A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.


Q:	What do you call a brunette between two blondes?
A:	An interpreter.

Q:	Why do blondes have square breasts?
A:	They forgot to take the tissues out of the box.

Q:	What do you call ten blonds in a row?
A:	A wind tunnel.


To vacillate or not to vacillate, that is the question ... or is it?


He was the world's only armless sculptor.  He put the chisel in his mouth
and his wife hit him on the back of the head with a mallet.
		-- Fred Allen


Love is like a friendship caught on fire.  In the beginning a flame, very
pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering.  As love
grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning
and unquenchable.
		-- Bruce Lee


Disease can be cured; fate is incurable.
		-- Chinese proverb


What time is it?
I don't know, it keeps changing.


Snakes.  Why did it have to be snakes?


Chicago Transit Authority Rider's Rule #84:
	The CTA has complimentary pop-up timers available on request
for overheated passengers.  When your timer pops up, the driver will
cheerfully baste you.
		-- Chicago Reader 5/28/82


A single death is a tragedy, a million deaths is a statistic.
		-- Joseph Stalin


You better believe that marijuana can cause castration.  Just suppose
your girlfriend gets the munchies!


Divorce, n.:
	A change of wife.


It's interesting to think that many quite
distinguished people have bodies similar to yours.


In an age when the fashion is to be in love with yourself, confessing to
be in love with somebody else is an admission of unfaithfulness to one's
beloved.
		-- Russell Baker


The world's great men have not commonly been great scholars,
nor its great scholars great men.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


Peeping Tom:
	A window fan.


I go on working for the same reason a hen goes on laying eggs.
		-- H. L. Mencken


As soon as we started programming, we found to our surprise that it wasn't
as easy to get programs right as we had thought.  Debugging had to be
discovered.  I can remember the exact instant when I realized that a large
part of my life from then on was going to be spent in finding mistakes in
my own programs.
		-- Maurice Wilkes, designer of EDSAC, on programming, 1949


The closest to perfection a person ever comes
is when he fills out a job application form.
		-- Stanley J. Randall


The real reason psychology is hard is that
psychologists are trying to do the impossible.


Ever wonder if taxation without representation might have been cheaper?


Most people can do without the essentials, but not without the luxuries.


Democracy can learn some things from Communism: for example, when a
Communist politician is through, he is through.


Good day for overcoming obstacles.  Try a steeplechase.


A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS:

4. DO NOT COMPLAIN IF THE TREATMENT FAILS TO BRING RELIEF.
	You must believe that your doctor has achieved a deep insight into
	the true nature of your illness, which transcends any mere permanent
	disability you may have experienced.

5. NEVER ASK YOUR DOCTOR TO EXPLAIN WHAT HE IS DOING OR WHY HE IS DOING IT.
	It is presumptuous to assume that such profound matters could be
	explained in terms that you would understand.

6. SUBMIT TO NOVEL EXPERIMENTAL TREATMENT READILY.
	Though the surgery may not benefit you directly, the resulting
	research paper will surely be of widespread interest.


A man said to the Universe:
	"Sir, I exist!"
	"However," replied the Universe,
	"the fact has not created in me a sense of obligation."
		-- Stephen Crane


What's done to children, they will do to society.


Lawyers do it to everyone.


Revolutionary, adj.:
	Repackaged.


Besides the device, the box should contain:

* Eight little rectangular snippets of paper that say "WARNING"

* A plastic packet containing four 5/17 inch pilfer grommets and two
  club-ended 6/93 inch boxcar prawns.

YOU WILL NEED TO SUPPLY: a matrix wrench and 60,000 feet of tram
cable.

IF ANYTHING IS DAMAGED OR MISSING: You IMMEDIATELY should turn to your
spouse and say: "Margaret, you know why this country can't make a car
that can get all the way through the drive-through at Burger King
without a major transmission overhaul?  Because nobody cares, that's
why."

WARNING: This is assuming your spouse's name is Margaret.
		-- Dave Barry, "Read This First!"


A man's gotta know his limitations.
		-- Clint Eastwood, "Dirty Harry"


Support your local Search and Rescue unit -- get lost.


Truth can wait; he's used to it.


If you meet somebody who tells you that he loves you more than anybody
in the whole wide world, don't trust him.  It means he experiments.


PROGRAM:
	Any task that can't be completed in one telephone call or one
	day.  Once a task is defined as a program ("training program,"
	"sales program," or "marketing program"), its implementation
	always justifies hiring at least three more people.


What causes the mysterious death of everyone?


This is a test of the Emergency Broadcast System.  If this had been an
actual emergency, do you really think we'd stick around to tell you?


The future not being born, my friend,
we will abstain from baptizing it.
		-- George Meredith


Seize the day, put no trust in the morrow!
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


A king's castle is his home.


I never pray before meals -- my mom's a good cook.


I'll learn to play the Saxophone,
I play just what I feel.
Drink Scotch whisky all night long,
And die behind the wheel.
They got a name for the winners in the world,
I want a name when I lose.
They call Alabama the Crimson Tide,
Call me Deacon Blues.
		-- Becker and Fagan, "Deacon Blues"


	"We friends, yes?"  The shoe shine boy put on his hustling smile
and looked into the Sailor's dead, cold, undersea eyes, eyes without a
trace of warmth or lust or hate or any feeling the boy had experienced
in himself or seen in another, at once cold and intense, impersonal and
predatory.
	The Sailor leaned forward and put a finger on the boy's inner arm
at the elbow.  He spoke in his dead junky whisper.  "With veins like that,
Kid, I'd have myself a time!"
		-- William Burroughs


QOTD:
	"I'd drag my dick a mile over broken glass just to masturbate in
	her shadow!"


There's no trick to being a humorist when you have the whole government
working for you.
		-- Will Rogers


The way to make a small fortune in the
commodities market is to start with a large fortune.


Dreams are free, but there's a small charge for alterations.


Truly great madness can not be achieved without significant intelligence.
		-- Henrik Tikkanen


Coito ergo sum


The problem ... is that we have run out of dinosaurs to form oil with.
Scientists working for the Department of Energy have tried to form oil
using other animals; they've piled thousands of tons of sand and Middle
Eastern countries on top of cows, raccoons, haddock, laboratory rats,
etc., but so far all they have managed to do is run up an enormous
bulldozer-rental bill and anger a lot of Middle Eastern persons.  None
of the animals turned into oil, although most of the laboratory rats
developed cancer.
		-- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"


when i die, i'd like to go peacefully.
in my sleep.
like my grandfather.

not screaming,
like the passengers in his car...


I saw a man pursuing the Horizon,
'Round and round they sped.
I was disturbed at this,
I accosted the man,
"It is futile," I said.
"You can never--"
"You lie!" He cried,
and ran on.
		-- Stephen Crane


QOTD:
	"Sacred cows make great hamburgers."


Like all young men, you greatly exaggerate
the difference between one young woman and another.
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "Major Barbara"


They're just jealous because they don't have three
wise men and a virgin in the whole organization.
		-- Mayor Vincent J. "Buddy" Cianci, on the
		   ACLU's suit to have a city nativity scene removed.


My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four.
Unless there are three other people.
		-- Orson Welles


Nearly every complex solution to a programming problem that I
have looked at carefully has turned out to be wrong.
		-- Brent Welch


Don't stop to stomp ants when the elephants are stampeding.


A prig is a fellow who is always making you a present of his opinions.
		-- George Eliot


** MAXIMUM TERMINALS ACTIVE.  TRY AGAIN LATER **


LAZY:
	Marrying a pregnant woman.


There is more to life than increasing its speed.
		-- Mohandas K. Gandhi


You are deeply attached to your friends and acquaintances.


All the world's a VAX,
And all the coders merely butchers;
They have their exits and their entrails;
And one int in his time plays many widths,
His sizeof being _N bytes.  At first the infant,
Mewling and puking in the Regent's arms.
And then the whining schoolboy, with his Sun,
And shining morning face, creeping like slug
Unwillingly to school.
		-- A Very Annoyed PDP-11


ORAL CONTRACEPTIVE:
	The word "No".


Gnagloot, n.:
	A person who leaves all his ski passes on his jacket just to
	impress people.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


If there are epigrams, there must be meta-epigrams.


