Loose bits sink chips.


So, good night, you moonlit ladies,
Rock-a-bye sweet baby James.
Deep greens and blues are the colors I choose,
Won't you let me go down in my dreams?
And rock-a-bye sweet baby James.
		-- James Taylor, "Rock-a-bye Sweet Baby James"


Meanwhile back at the oasis, the Ay-rabs wuz busy a-eatin' their dates!


Dyslexics have more fnu.


You can beat my meat, but you can't lick my sauce!
		-- Boss' Ribs, Portland, Oregon


In Xanadu did Kubla Khan
A stately pleasure dome decree:
Where Alph, the sacred river, ran
Through caverns measureless to man
Down to a sunless sea.
So twice five miles of fertile ground
With walls and towers were girdled round:
And there were gardens bright with sinuous rills,
Where blossomed many an incense-bearing tree;
And here were forest ancient as the hills,
Enfolding sunny spots of greenery.
		-- Samuel T. Coleridge, "Kubla Kahn"


Live never to be ashamed if anything you do or say is
published around the world -- even if what is published is not true.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


"Multiply in your head" (ordered the compassionate Dr. Adams) "365,365,365,
365,365,365 by 365,365,365,365,365,365".  He [ten-year-old Truman Henry
Safford] flew around the room like a top, pulled his pantaloons over the
tops of his boots, bit his hands, rolled his eyes in their sockets, sometimes
smiling and talking, and then seeming to be in an agony, until, in not more
than one minute, said he, 133,491,850,208,566,925,016,658,299,941,583,225!"
An electronic computer might do the job a little faster but it wouldn't be
as much fun to watch.
		-- James R. Newman, "The World of Mathematics"


... If forced to travel on an airplane, try and get in the cabin with
the Captain, so you can keep an eye on him and nudge him if he falls
asleep or point out any mountains looming up ahead ...
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Sleep -- the most beautiful experience in life -- except drink.
		-- W. C. Fields


Due to a shortage of devoted followers, the
production of great leaders has been discontinued.


Fortune presents:
	USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #3.

Kie estas la plej proksima masa^gejo?	Where's the nearest massage parlor?
Vi dolorigas min.			You're hurting me.
Mi deziras viziti usonan kuraciston.	I want to see an American doctor.
Mi deziras a^ceti kontraugraveda^jojn.	I would like to buy some
						contraceptives.
^Cu tiu estis ankau bona por ci?	Was it good for you too?


Dungeons and Dragons is just a lot of Saxon Violence.


It follows that any commander in chief who undertakes to carry out a plan
which he considers defective is at fault; he must put forth his reasons,
insist of the plan being changed, and finally tender his resignation rather
than be the instrument of his army's downfall.
		-- Napoleon, "Military Maxims and Thought"


	He who receives ideas from me, receives instruction himself without
lessening mine; as he who lights his taper at mine receives light
without darkening me.
		-- Thomas Jefferson on patents on ideas


	It is always preferable to visit home with a friend.  Your parents will
not be pleased with this plan, because they want you all to themselves and
because in the presence of your friend, they will have to act like mature
human beings.
	The worst kind of friend to take home is a girl, because in that case,
there is the potential that your parents will lose you not just for the
duration of the visit but forever.  The worst kind of girl to take home is one
of a different religion:  Not only will you be lost to your parents forever but
you will be lost to a woman who is immune to their religious/moral arguments
and whose example will irretrievably corrupt you.
	Let's say you've fallen in love with just such a girl and would like
to take her home for the holidays.  You are aware of your parents' xenophobic
response to anyone of a different religion.  How to prepare them for the shock?
	Simple.  Call them up shortly before your visit and tell them that you
have gotten quite serious about somebody who is of a different religion, a
different race and the same sex.  Tell them you have already invited this
person to meet them.  Give the information a moment to sink in and then
remark that you were only kidding, that your lover is merely of a different
religion.  They will be so relieved they will welcome her with open arms.
		-- Playboy, January, 1983


The higher you climb, the more you show your ass.
		-- Alexander Pope, "The Dunciad"


Q:	Why do dogs lick their private parts?
A:	Because they can.


Did you ever walk into a room and forget why you walked in?  I think
that's how dogs spend their lives.
		-- Sue Murphy


	There are wavelengths that people cannot see, there are
sounds that people cannot hear, and maybe computers have thoughts
that people cannot think.
		-- Richard W. Hamming


THEGODDESSOFTHENETHASTWISTINGFINGERSANDHERVOICEISLIKEAJAVALININTHENIGHTDUDE


Biology grows on you.


	During a session with a marriage counselor, the wife snapped at her
husband: "That's not true, I do enjoy sex!"  Then, turning to the counselor,
she added: "But this fiend expects it three or four times a year!"


Mistress Mary, quite contrary,
How does your garden grow?
With silver bells and cockle shells,
And one really fucked-up petunia.


THE WORST BANK ROBBERY

In August 1975 three men were on their way in to rob the Royal Bank of
Scotland at Rothesay, when they got stuck in the revolving doors.  They
had to be helped free by the staff and, after thanking everyone,
sheepishly left the building.
A few minutes later they returned and announced their intention of
robbing the bank, but none of the staff believed them.  When they demanded
5,000 pounds in cash, the head cashier laughed at them, convinced that it
was a practical joke.
Then one of the men jumped over the counter, but fell to the floor
clutching his ankle.  The other two tried to make their getaway, but got
trapped in the revolving doors again.


Fertility is hereditary.  If your parents
didn't have any children, neither will you.


Why I Can't Go Out With You:

I'd LOVE to, but...
	-- I have to answer all of my "occupant" letters.
	-- None of my socks match.
	-- I'm having all my plants neutered.
	-- I changed the lock on my door and now I can't get out.
	-- My yucca plant is feeling yucky.
	-- I'm touring China with a wok band.
	-- My chocolate-appreciation class meets that night.
	-- I'm running off to Yugoslavia with a foreign-exchange student
		named Basil Metabolism.
	-- There are important world issues that need worrying about.
	-- I'm going to count the bristles in my toothbrush.
	-- I prefer to remain an enigma.
	-- I think you want the OTHER Peggy/Cathy/Mike/whomever.
	-- I feel a song coming on.


Sometimes love ain't nothing but a misunderstanding between two fools.


It's easier to be a liberal a long way from home.
		-- Don Price


Well begun is half done.
		-- Aristotle


All science is either physics or stamp collecting.
		-- Ernest Rutherford


Gleemites, n.:
	Petrified deposits of toothpaste found in sinks.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Algebraic symbols are used when you do not know what you are talking about.
		-- Philippe Schnoebelen


A businessman is a hybrid of a dancer and a calculator.
		-- Paul Valery


Moe:	What did you give your wife for Valentine's Day?
Joe:	The usual gift -- she ate my heart out.


So, if there's no God, who changes the water?
		-- New Yorker cartoon of two goldfish in a bowl


-- All articles that coruscate with resplendence are not truly auriferous.
-- When there are visible vapors having the prevenience in ignited
	carbonaceous materials, there is conflagration.
-- Sorting on the part of mendicants must be interdicted.
-- A plethora of individuals wither expertise in culinary techniques vitiated
	the potable concoction produced by steeping certain coupestibles.
-- Eleemosynary deeds have their initial incidence intramurally.


If I had a plantation in Georgia and a home in Hell,
I'd sell the plantation and go home.
		-- Eugene P. Gallagher


If you lose your temper at a newspaper columnist,
he'll get rich or famous or both.


I was in a beauty contest once.  I not only came in last, I was hit in
the mouth by Miss Congeniality.
		-- Phyllis Diller


Show respect for age.  Drink good Scotch for a change.


We should be glad we're living in the time that we are.  If any of us had been
born into a more enlightened age, I'm sure we would have immediately been taken
out and shot.
		-- Strange de Jim


Ducharme's Axiom:
	If you view your problem closely enough you will recognize
	yourself as part of the problem.


The Great Movie Posters:

They hungered for her treasure!  And died for her pleasure!
SEE Man-Fish Battle Shark-Man-Killer!
		-- The Golden Mistress (1954)

See Jane Russell in 3-D; She'll Knock Both Your Eyes Out!
		-- The French Line (1954)

See Jane Russell Shake Her Tambourines... and Drive Cornel WILDE!
		-- Hot Blood (1956)


My God, I'm depressed!  Here I am, a computer with a mind a thousand times
as powerful as yours, doing nothing but cranking out fortunes and sending
mail about softball games.  And I've got this pain right through my ALU.
I've asked for it to be replaced, but nobody ever listens.  I think it
would be better for us both if you were to just log out again.


The King and his advisor are overlooking the battle field:

King:		"How goes the battle plan?"
Advisor:	"See those little black specks running to the right?"
K:	"Yes."
A:	"Those are their guys. And all those little red specks running
	to the left are our guys. Then when they collide we wait till
	the dust clears."
K:	"And?"
A:	"If there are more red specks left than black specks, we win."
K:	"But what about the ^#!!$% battle plan?"
A:	"So far, it seems to be going according to specks."


Small, adj.:
	Is it in yet?


May Euell Gibbons eat your only copy of the manual!


Sometime when you least expect it, Love will tap you on the shoulder...
and ask you to move out of the way because it still isn't your turn.
		-- N. V. Plyter


Nuke the gay, unborn, baby whales for Jesus.


Lincoln was elected to Congress in 1846.
Kennedy exactly one hundred years later in 1946.

Lincoln was elected president in November 1860.
Kennedy in November 1960.

Lincoln had a secretary named Kennedy who urged him not to go to
the theatre.
Kennedy had a secretary named Lincoln who advised against his going
to Dallas.

Booth shot Lincoln in a theatre and ran off into a warehouse.
Oswald shot Kennedy from a warehouse and ran off into a theatre.

Lincoln was succeeded by a Southerner named Johnson.
Kennedy was succeeded by a Southerner named Johnson.

The first Johnson was born in 1808.
The second Johnson was born in 1908.

		-- Alistair Cooke, "Letter From America", Nov. 26, 2001


Have you heard of the lady named Cox
Who had a capacious old box?
	When her lover was in place
	She said, "Please turn your face.
I look like a gal, but I screw like a fox."


Never give an inch!


You have a strong appeal for members of your own sex.


To know Edina is to reject it.
		-- Dudley Riggs, "The Year the Grinch Stole the Election"


XEROX never does anything original.


One cannot make an omelette without breaking eggs -- but it is amazing
how many eggs one can break without making a decent omelette.
		-- Professor Charles P. Issawi


Saturday night in Toledo Ohio,
Is like being nowhere at all,
All through the day how the hours rush by,
You sit in the park and you watch the grass die.
		-- John Denver, "Saturday Night in Toledo Ohio"


During almost fifteen centuries the legal establishment of Christianity has
been upon trial.  What has been its fruits? More or less, in all places,
pride and indolence in the clergy; ignorance and servility in the laity,;
in both, superstition, bigotry, and persecution.
		-- James Madison


	The big problem with pornography is defining it.  You can't
just say it's pictures of people naked.  For example, you have these
primitive African tribes that exist by chasing the wildebeest on foot,
and they have to go around largely naked, because, as the old tribal
saying goes: "N'wam k'honi soit qui mali," which means, "If you think
you can catch a wildebeest in this climate and wear clothes at the same
time, then I have some beach front property in the desert region of
Northern Mali that you may be interested in."
	So it's not considered pornographic when National Geographic
publishes color photographs of these people hunting the wildebeest
naked, or pounding one rock onto another rock for some primitive reason
naked, or whatever.  But if National Geographic were to publish an
article entitled "The Girls of the California Junior College System
Hunt the Wildebeest Naked," some people would call it pornography.  But
others would not.  And still others, such as the Spectacularly Rev.
Jerry Falwell, would get upset about seeing the wildebeest naked.
		-- Dave Barry, "Pornography"


I prefer rogues to imbeciles because they sometimes take a rest.
		-- Alexandre Dumas the Younger


ARCHDUKE FERDINAND FOUND ALIVE --
    FIRST WORLD WAR A MISTAKE


You get what you pay for.
		-- Gabriel Biel


This land is full of trousers!
this land is full of mausers!
	And pussycats to eat them when the sun goes down!
		-- The Firesign Theatre


Bureau Termination, Law of:
	When a government bureau is scheduled to be phased out,
	the number of employees in that bureau will double within
	12 months after the decision is made.


The Soviet pre-eminence in chess can be traced to the average Russian's
readiness to brood obsessively over anything, even the arrangement of
some pieces of wood.  Indeed, the Russians' predisposition for quiet
reflection followed by sudden preventive action explains why they led
the field for many years in both chess and ax murders.  It is well
known that as early as 1970, the U.S.S.R., aware of what a defeat at
Reykjavik would do to national prestige, implemented a vigorous program
of preparation and incentive.  Every day for an entire year, a team of
psychologists, chess analysts and coaches met with the top three
Russian grand masters and threatened them with a pointy stick.  That
these tactics proved fruitless is now a part of chess history and a
further testament to the American way, which provides that if you want
something badly enough, you can always go to Iceland and get it from
the Russians.
		-- Marshall Brickman, Playboy, April, 1973


"Technique?" said the programmer turning from his terminal, "What I follow
is Tao -- beyond all technique! When I first began to program I would see
before me the whole problem in one mass. After three years I no longer saw
this mass.  Instead, I used subroutines.  But now I see nothing.  My whole
being exists in a formless void.  My senses are idle.  My spirit, free to
work without plan, follows its own instinct.  In short, my program writes
itself.  True, sometimes there are difficult problems.  I see them coming, I
slow down, I watch silently.  Then I change a single line of code and the
difficulties vanish like puffs of idle smoke.  I then compile the program.
I sit still and let the joy of the work fill my being.  I close my eyes for
a moment and then log off."


Help!  I'm trapped in a Chinese computer factory!


Trifles make perfection, and perfection is no trifle.
		-- Michelangelo


A woman can look both moral and exciting -- if she also looks as if it
were quite a struggle.
		-- Edna Ferber


Six days after the Creation, Adam was still alone in the Garden of
Eden, and getting pretty desperate. "God!" he cried, "rescue me from
loneliness and despair!  Send some company for Your sake!"

God replied "OK, I have just the thing. Keep you warm and relaxed all
the days of your life.  Never complains.  Looks up to you in every way.
It'll cost you though".

"Sounds ideal" said Adam. "The society of the beasts of the field and
the birds of the air palls after a while.  What's the price?"

"An arm and a leg", said God.

Adam thought about it for a bit and finally sighed.  "So, what can I get
for a rib?"


Section 2.4.3.5   AWNS   (Acceptor Wait for New Cycle State).
	In AWNS the AH function indicates that it has received a
multiline message byte.
	In AWNS the RFD message must be sent false and the DAC message
must be sent passive true.
	The AH function must exit the AWNS and enter:
	(1)  The ANRS if DAV is false
	(2)  The AIDS if the ATN message is false and neither:
		(a)  The LADS is active
		(b)  Nor LACS is active

		-- from the IEEE Standard Digital Interface for
		   Programmable Instrumentation


Chorus:
	Grandma got run over by a reindeer,
	Walking home from our house Christmas eve.
	You can say there's no such thing as Santa,
	But as for me and Grandpa, we believe!
She'd been drinking too much eggnog,
And we begged her not to go.
But she'd forgot her medication,	When we found her Christmas morning,
And she staggered through the door	At the scene of the attack.
	out in the snow.		She had hoofprints on her forehead,
					And incriminating claus-marks on her
Now we're all so proud of Grandpa,		back.
He's been taking this so well.
See him in there watching football.	I've warned all my friends and
Drinking beer and playing cards			neighbors,
	with cousin Mel.		Better watch out for yourselves!
					They should never give a license,
					To a man who drives a sleigh and
						plays with elves!
		-- Elmo and Patsy, "Grandma Got Run Over by a Reindeer"


Arrakis teaches the attitude of the knife - chopping off what's
incomplete and saying: "Now it's complete because it's ended here."
		-- Muad'dib, "Dune"


Several years ago, an international chess tournament was being held in a
swank hotel in New York.  Most of the major stars of the chess world were
there, and after a grueling day of chess, the players and their entourages
retired to the lobby of the hotel for a little refreshment.  In the lobby,
some players got into a heated argument about who was the brightest, the
fastest, and the best chess player in the world.  The argument got quite
loud, as various players claimed that honor.  At that point, a security
guard in the lobby turned to another guard and commented, "If there's
anything I just can't stand, it's chess nuts boasting in an open foyer."


Oh, so there you are!


We must remember the First Amendment which
protects any shrill jackass no matter how self-seeking.
		-- F. G. Withington


Why do they call it baby-SITTING when all you do is run after them?


No wonder Clairol makes so much money selling shampoo.
Lather, Rinse, Repeat is an infinite loop!


In the war of wits, he's unarmed.


As they say about Dungeons and Dragons, "Life's a die, and then you bitch."


Drop that pickle!


What an author likes to write most is his signature on the
back of a cheque.
		-- Brendan Francis


It's possible that the whole purpose of your life is to serve
as a warning to others.


"Wrong," said Renner.

"The tactful way," Rod said quietly, "the polite way to disagree with
the Senator would be to say, `That turns out not to be the case.'"


Let us treat men and women well;
Treat them as if they were real;
Perhaps they are.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


If we all work together, we can totally disrupt the system.


A well adjusted person is one who makes
the same mistake twice without getting nervous.


An American's a person who isn't afraid to criticize
the president but is always polite to traffic cops.


If you find a solution and become attached to it,
the solution may become your next problem.


It has long been known that birds will occasionally build nests in the
manes of horses.  The only known solution to this problem is to sprinkle
baker's yeast in the mane, for, as we all know, yeast is yeast and nest
is nest, and never the mane shall tweet.


Do not try to solve all life's problems at once --
learn to dread each day as it comes.
		-- Donald Kaul


Cancel me not -- for what then shall remain?
Abscissas, some mantissas, modules, modes,
A root or two, a torus and a node:
The inverse of my verse, a null domain.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


	One of the questions that comes up all the time is: How enthusiastic
is our support for UNIX?
	Unix was written on our machines and for our machines many years ago.
Today, much of UNIX being done is done on our machines. Ten percent of our
VAXs are going for UNIX use.  UNIX is a simple language, easy to understand,
easy to get started with. It's great for students, great for somewhat casual
users, and it's great for interchanging programs between different machines.
And so, because of its popularity in these markets, we support it.  We have
good UNIX on VAX and good UNIX on PDP-11s.
	It is our belief, however, that serious professional users will run
out of things they can do with UNIX. They'll want a real system and will end
up doing VMS when they get to be serious about programming.
	With UNIX, if you're looking for something, you can easily and quickly
check that small manual and find out that it's not there.  With VMS, no matter
what you look for -- it's literally a five-foot shelf of documentation -- if
you look long enough it's there.  That's the difference -- the beauty of UNIX
is it's simple; and the beauty of VMS is that it's all there.
		-- Ken Olsen, president of DEC, DECWORLD Vol. 8 No. 5, 1984
[It's been argued that the beauty of UNIX is the same as the beauty of Ken
Olsen's brain.  Ed.]


QOTD:
	"When she hauled ass, it took three trips."


Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you
want to test a man's character, give him power.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


The abuse of greatness is when it disjoins remorse from power.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"


Most people can do without the essentials, but not without the luxuries.


Applause, n.:
	The echo of a platitude from the mouth of a fool.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Anybody has a right to evade taxes if he can get away with it.  No citizen
has a moral obligation to assist in maintaining his government.
		-- J. P. Morgan


He jests at scars who never felt a wound.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet, II. 2"


I am a PC technician - however, this has unfortunately caused my
computer to be running Win98.
		-- seen on a FreeBSD mailing-list


Colvard's Logical Premises:
	All probabilities are 50%.
Either a thing will happen or it won't.

Colvard's Unconscionable Commentary:
	This is especially true when
	dealing with someone you're attracted to.

Grelb's Commentary:
	Likelihoods, however, are 90% against you.


	Once again we find ourselves enmeshed in The Holiday Season, that very
special time of year when we join with our loved ones in sharing centuries-old
traditions such as trying to find a parking space at the mall.  We
traditionally do this in my family by driving around the parking lot until we
see a shopper emerge from the mall.  Then we follow her, in very much the same
spirit as the Three Wise Men, who, 2,000 years ago, followed a star, week after
week, until it led them to a parking space.
	We try to keep our bumper about 4 inches from the shopper's calves, to
let the other circling cars know that she belongs to us.  Sometimes, two cars
will get into a fight over whom the shopper belongs to, similar to the way
great white sharks will fight over who gets to eat a snorkeler.  So, we follow
our shopper closely, hunched over the steering wheel, whistling "It's Beginning
to Look a Lot Like Christmas" through our teeth, until we arrive at her car,
which is usually parked several time zones away from the mall.  Sometimes our
shopper tries to indicate she was merely planning to drop off some packages and
go back to shopping.  But, when she hears our engine rev in a festive fashion
and sees the holiday gleam in our eyes, she realizes she would never make it.
		-- Dave Barry, "Holiday Joy -- Or, the Great Parking Lot
		   Skirmish"


Although we modern persons tend to take our electric lights, radios,
mixers, etc., for granted, hundreds of years ago people did not have
any of these things, which is just as well because there was no place
to plug them in.  Then along came the first Electrical Pioneer,
Benjamin Franklin, who flew a kite in a lighting storm and received a
serious electrical shock.  This proved that lighting was powered by the
same force as carpets, but it also damaged Franklin's brain so severely
that he started speaking only in incomprehensible maxims, such as "A
penny saved is a penny earned."  Eventually he had to be given a job
running the post office.
		-- Dave Barry, "What is Electricity?"


Memory fault -- core...uh...um...core... Oh dammit, I forget!


Rotten wood cannot be carved.
		-- Confucius, "Analects", Book 5, Ch. 9


When smashing monuments, save the pedestals -- they always come in handy.
		-- Stanislaw J. Lec, "Unkempt Thoughts"


Adore, v.:
	To venerate expectantly.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The solution of this problem is trivial
and is left as an exercise for the reader.


You'll be a guest at a gay party.
That will have important consequences for you.


Women, when they have made a sheep of a man,
always tell him that he is a lion with a will of iron.
		-- Honore de Balzac


Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States.  Ask
any Indian.
		-- Robert Orben

Immigration is the sincerest form of flattery.
		-- Jack Paar


The sheep that fly over your head are soon to land.


The investment community feels very putupon.  They feel there is no
reason why they shouldn't earn $1 million to $200 million a year,
and they don't want to be held responsible for the global financial
meltdown.
		-- Daniel Fass, Chairman of United States President
		   Barack Obama's financial-industry fundraising party
		   20 October 2009


Ere the cock crows thrice one of you will betray me.
		-- Early Jewish Resistance Leader


A pound of salt will not sweeten a single cup of tea.


Just once I would like to persuade the audience not to wear any article of
blue denim.  If only they could see themselves in a pair of brown corduroys
like mine instead of this awful, boring blue denim.  I don't enjoy the sky
or sea as much as I used to because of this Levi character.  If Jesus Christ
came back today, He and I would get into our brown corduroys and go to the
nearest jean store and overturn the racks of blue denim.  Then we'd get
crucified in the morning.
		-- Ian Anderson, of Jethro Tull


Hangover, n.:
	The wrath of grapes.


QOTD:
	"My life is a soap opera, but who gets the movie rights?"


Saints should always be judged guilty until they are proved innocent.
		-- George Orwell, "Reflections on Gandhi"


The heart has its reasons which reason knows nothing of.
		-- Blaise Pascal


Q:	What is the difference between a duck?
A:	One leg is both the same.


Any programming language is at its best before it is implemented and used.


For perfect happiness, remember two things:
	(1) Be content with what you've got.
	(2) Be sure you've got plenty.


There is an old time toast which is golden for its beauty.
"When you ascend the hill of prosperity may you not meet a friend."
		-- Mark Twain


The church saves sinners, but science seeks to stop their manufacture.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


QOTD:
	"I'm on a seafood diet -- I see food and I eat it."


Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke


As the truck driver came flying over the top of a steep hill, he spotted two
figures in his path rolling around in the middle of the road.  The driver blew
his horn and braked frantically, but the couple continued their lovemaking,
oblivious to his warnings.  The truck finally slid to a halt barely three
inches from the pair.  "Are you crazy?" the driver screamed at them.  "You
could have been killed!"
	The man stood up and faced the driver.  "Well, I was coming, she was
coming and you were coming," he panted, "and you were the only one with
brakes."


We have lingered long enough on the shores of the Cosmic Ocean.
		-- Carl Sagan


Anything worth doing is worth overdoing.


Come live with me and be my love,
And we will some new pleasures prove
Of golden sands and crystal brooks
With silken lines, and silver hooks.
There's nothing that I wouldn't do
If you would be my POSSLQ.

You live with me, and I with you,
And you will be my POSSLQ.
I'll be your friend and so much more;
That's what a POSSLQ is for.

And everything we will confess;
Yes, even to the IRS.
Some day on what we both may earn,
Perhaps we'll file a joint return.
You'll share my pad, my taxes, joint;
You'll share my life - up to a point!
And that you'll be so glad to do,
Because you'll be my POSSLQ.


Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee
And I'll forgive Thy great big one on me.
		-- Robert Frost


Noise proves nothing.  Often a hen who has
merely laid an egg cackles as if she laid an asteroid.
		-- Mark Twain


Most public domain software is free, at least at first glance.


THE OLD POOL SHOOTER had won many a game in his life. But now it was time
to hang up the cue. When he did, all the other cues came crashing go the
floor.

"Sorry," he said with a smile.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Don't buy a landslide.  I don't want to have to pay for one more vote
than I have to.
		-- Joseph P. Kennedy, on JFK's election strategy


Up against the net, redneck mother,
Mother who has raised your son so well;
He's seventeen and hackin' on a Macintosh,
Flaming spelling errors and raisin' hell...


