A woman's place is in the house... and in the Senate.


Give me a Plumber's friend the size of the Pittsburgh
dome, and a place to stand, and I will drain the world.


QOTD:
	"In the shopping mall of the mind, he's in the toy department."


Seems this guy notices a young nun sitting on the bus; through her heavy veil
he just spots a glimmer of her face.  Gorgeous!  She moves, and her vestments
cannot hide the fact she has a truly phenomenal body.  The guy gets more and
more excited until he finally approaches the nun and tells "Sister, please
believe me, I don't normally do this sort of thing, but I think I love you.
Could we maybe talk?"
	The nun almost runs off the bus.  As the young man's stop comes up,
the bus driver asks the guy if he was the person bothering the nun.  The man
starts apologizing, but the bus driver interrupts him.  "No, don't apologize,
I was checking her out myself.  Listen, you see where she got on?  She goes
there every day, to a little park.  Why don't you meet here there?"
	Sure enough, the man goes to the park the next day and there's the nun
in a secluded grove of trees.  He approaches her, and she seems, although shy,
much more willing to talk.  After an hour of cautious talk, he asks her if
she'd be willing to make love with him.  She blushes, smiles, blushes again
and says "yes".  But that she doesn't dare risk getting pregnant, so it would
have to be the "back door".
	As they start to make love, the young man is overcome with guilt;
panting, he says, "Sister, I have to tell you, I'm the guy who was annoying
you on the bus yesterday.
	Replies the nun, "Well, that's okay.  I'm not really a nun.  I'm
actually the bus driver."


The owner of a large furniture store in the mid-west arrived in France on
a buying trip.  As he was checking into a hotel he struck up an acquaintance
with a beautiful young lady.  However, she only spoke French and he only spoke
English, so each couldn't understand a word the other spoke.  He took out a
pencil and a notebook and drew a picture of a coach.  She smiled, nodded her
head and they went for a ride in the park.  Later, he drew a picture of a
table in a restaurant with a question mark and she nodded, so they went to
dinner.  After dinner he sketched two dancers and she was delighted.  They
went to several nightclubs, drank champagne, danced and had a glorious
evening.  It had gotten quite late when she motioned for the pencil and drew
a picture of a four-poster bed.  He was dumbfounded, and to this day has
never been able to understand how she knew he was in the furniture business.


Know how to save 5 drowning lawyers?

-- No?

GOOD!


	"Haig, in congressional hearings before his confirmatory, paradoxed
his audiencers by abnormaling his responds so that verbs were nouned, nouns
verbed, and adjectives adverbised.  He techniqued a new way to vocabulary his
thoughts so as to informationally uncertain anybody listening about what he
had actually implicationed.
	"If that is how General Haig wants to nervous breakdown the Russian
leadership, he may be shrewding his way to the biggest diplomatic invent
since Clausewitz.  Unless, that is, he schizophrenes his allies first."
		-- The Guardian


One is not superior merely because one sees the world as odious.
		-- Chateaubriand (1768-1848)


You can be replaced by this computer.


I don't wish to appear overly inquisitive, but are you still alive?


You men out there probably think you already know how to dress for
success.  You know, for example, that you should not wear leisure suits
or white plastic belts and shoes, unless you are going to a costume
party disguised as a pig farmer vacationing at Disney World.
		-- Dave Barry, "How to Dress for Real Success"


I appreciate the fact that this draft was done in haste, but some of the
sentences that you are sending out in the world to do your work for you are
loitering in taverns or asleep beside the highway.
		-- Dr. Dwight Van de Vate, Professor of Philosophy,
		   University of Tennessee at Knoxville


If you have received a letter inviting you to speak at the dedication of a
new cat hospital, and you hate cats, your reply, declining the invitation,
does not necessarily have to cover the full range of your emotions.  You must
make it clear that you will not attend, but you do not have to let fly at cats.
The writer of the letter asked a civil question; attack cats, then, only if
you can do so with good humor, good taste, and in such a way that your answer
will be courteous as well as responsive.  Since you are out of sympathy with
cats, you may quite properly give this as a reason for not appearing at the
dedication ceremonies of a cat hospital.  But bear in mind that your opinion
of cats was not sought, only your services as a speaker.  Try to keep things
straight.
		-- Strunk and White, "The Elements of Style"


All parts should go together without forcing.  You must remember that the
parts you are reassembling were disassembled by you.  Therefore, if you
can't get them together again, there must be a reason.  By all means, do
not use a hammer.
		-- IBM maintenance manual, 1925


I think, therefore I am... I think.


TOO BAD YOU CAN'T BUY a voodoo globe so that you could make the earth spin
real fast and freak everybody out.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


The basic idea behind malls is that they are more convenient than
cities.  Cities contain streets, which are dangerous and crowded and
difficult to park in.  Malls, on the other hand, have parking lots,
which are also dangerous and crowded and difficult to park in, but --
here is the big difference -- in mall parking lots, THERE ARE NO
RULES.  You're allowed to do anything.  You can drive as fast as you
want in any direction you want.  I was once driving in a mall parking
lot when my car was struck by a pickup truck being driven backward by a
squat man with a tattoo that said "Charlie" on his forearm, who got out
and explained to me, in great detail, why the accident was my fault,
his reasoning being that he was violent and muscular, whereas I was
neither.  This kind of reasoning is legally valid in mall parking
lots.
		-- Dave Barry, "Christmas Shopping: A Survivor's Guide"


You can get used to living at a nudist camp.
The first three days are the hardest.
		-- R. Dreiser


Bernard was a young eighty-three, not a gomer, and able to talk.  He'd been
transferred from MBH (Man's Best Hospital), the House's Rival.  Founded in
Colonial times by the WASPs, the insemination of MBH by non-WASPs had taken
place only mid-twentieth century with the token multidextrous Oriental
surgeon, and finally, with the token red-hot internal-medicine Jew.  Yet,
MBH was still Brooks Brothers, while the House was still the Garment District.
For Jews at MBH the password was "Dress British, Think Yiddish."  It was
rare to get a TURF from the MBH to the House, and the Fat Man was curious:
"Bernard, you went to the MBH, they did a great work-up, and you told them,
after they got done, you wanted to be transferred here. Why?"
	"I rilly don't know," said Bernard.
	"Was it the doctors there? The doctors you didn't like?"
	"The doctus?  Nah, the doctus I can't complain."
	"The test or the room?"
	"The tests or the room?  Vell, nah, about them I can't complain."
	"The nurses? The food?" asked Fats, but Bernard shook his head no.
Fats laughed and said, "Listen, Bernie, you went to the MBH, they did this
great workup, and when I asked you shy you came to the House of God, all you
tell me is, 'Nah, I can't complain.'  So why did you come here?  Why, Bernie,
why?"
	"Vhy I come heah?  Vell, said Bernie, "Heah I can complain."
		-- House of God


There's an old proverb that says just about whatever you want it to.


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #10 -- SIMPLE

	SIMPLE is an acronym for Sheer Idiot's Monopurpose Programming
Language Environment.  This language, developed at the Hanover College
for Technological Misfits, was designed to make it impossible to write
code with errors in it.  The statements are, therefore, confined to BEGIN,
END and STOP.  No matter how you arrange the statements, you can't make a
syntax error.  Programs written in SIMPLE do nothing useful, thus achieving
the results of programs written in other languages without the tedious,
frustrating process of testing and debugging.


Poisoned coffee, n.:
	Grounds for divorce.


He tells you when you've got on too much lipstick,
And helps you with your girdle when your hips stick.
		-- Ogden Nash, on the perfect husband


The man she had was kind and clean
And well enough for every day,
But oh, dear friends, you should have seen
The one that got away.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "The Fisherwoman"


I'd love to go out with you, but I'm taking punk totem pole carving.


Everyone is entitled to my opinion.


The optimum committee has no members.
		-- Norman Augustine


The kind of danger people most enjoy is
the kind they can watch from a safe place.


Pension, n.:
	A federally insured chain letter.


A long-forgotten loved one will appear soon.
Buy the negatives at any price.


Nullum magnum ingenium sine mixtura dementiae fuit.
		-- Seneca


Old programmers never die, they just become managers.


I didn't believe in reincarnation in any of my other lives.  I don't see why
I should have to believe in it in this one.
		-- Strange de Jim


Did you hear about young Henry Lockett?
He was blown down the street by a rocket.
	The force of the blast
	Blew his balls up his ass,
And his pecker was found in his pocket.


The flow chart is a most thoroughly oversold piece of program documentation.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


   n = ((n >>  1) & 0x55555555) | ((n <<  1) & 0xaaaaaaaa);
   n = ((n >>  2) & 0x33333333) | ((n <<  2) & 0xcccccccc);
   n = ((n >>  4) & 0x0f0f0f0f) | ((n <<  4) & 0xf0f0f0f0);
   n = ((n >>  8) & 0x00ff00ff) | ((n <<  8) & 0xff00ff00);
   n = ((n >> 16) & 0x0000ffff) | ((n << 16) & 0xffff0000);

		-- C code which reverses the bits in a word


SHIFT TO THE LEFT!
SHIFT TO THE RIGHT!
POP UP, PUSH DOWN,
BYTE, BYTE, BYTE!


Editing is a rewording activity.


	"Haig, in congressional hearings before his confirmatory, paradoxed
his audiencers by abnormaling his responds so that verbs were nouned, nouns
verbed, and adjectives adverbised.  He techniqued a new way to vocabulary his
thoughts so as to informationally uncertain anybody listening about what he
had actually implicationed.
	"If that is how General Haig wants to nervous breakdown the Russian
leadership, he may be shrewding his way to the biggest diplomatic invent
since Clausewitz.  Unless, that is, he schizophrenes his allies first."
		-- The Guardian


Three Midwesterners, a Kansan, a Missourian and an Iowan,
all appearing on a quiz program, were asked to complete this sentence:
"Old MacDonald had a . . ."

	"Old MacDonald had a carburetor," answered the Kansan.
	"Sorry, that's wrong," the game show host said.
	"Old MacDonald had a free brake alignment down at the
		service station," said the Missourian.
	"Wrong."
	"Old MacDonald had a farm," said the Iowan.
	"CORRECT!" shouts the quizmaster.  "Now for $100,000, spell `farm.'"
	"Easy," said the Iowan. "E-I-E-I-O."


The one charm of marriage is that it makes a life of deception a necessity.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Madam, there's no such thing as a tough child --
if you parboil them first for seven hours, they always come out tender.
		-- W. C. Fields


Examinations are formidable even to the best prepared, for
even the greatest fool may ask more than the wisest man can answer.
		-- C. C. Colton


Pipo was born with few complications, but then the doctor accidentally dropped
the infant on her head provoking her drunken father to drag the physician
outside where he would beat him to death with a live ocelot.
		-- Love and Rockets


A bar patron returned from the men's room grumbling to himself.
	"What's the trouble, buddy?" the bartender inquired.
	"You got John Wayne toilet paper in there!"
	"What do you mean?" the barkeeper asked.
	"It's rough, it's tough, and it doesn't take shit from nobody."


In these matters the only certainty is that there is nothing certain.
		-- Pliny the Elder


Q:	What's a JAP's (Jewish American Princess) dream house?
A:	Fourteen rooms in Scarsdale, no kitchen, no bedroom.


Long ago I proposed that unsuccessful candidates for the Presidency
be quietly hanged, as a matter of public sanitation and decorum.
The sight of their grief must have a very evil effect upon the young.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "A Carnival of Buncombe"


Note to myself: use real bullets next time.


I also believe that academic freedom should protect the right of a professor
or student to advocate Marxism, socialism, communism, or any other minority
viewpoint -- no matter how distasteful to the majority.
		-- Richard M. Nixon

What are our schools for if not indoctrination against Communism?
		-- Richard M. Nixon


We've tried each spinning space mote
And reckoned its true worth:
Take us back again to the homes of men
On the cool, green hills of Earth.

The arching sky is calling
Spacemen back to their trade.
All hands!  Standby!  Free falling!
And the lights below us fade.
Out ride the sons of Terra,
Far drives the thundering jet,
Up leaps the race of Earthmen,
Out, far, and onward yet--

We pray for one last landing
On the globe that gave us birth;
Let us rest our eyes on the fleecy skies
And the cool, green hills of Earth.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein, 1941


Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.


A putt that stops close enough to the cup to inspire such comments as
"you could blow it in" may be blown in.  This rule does not apply if
the ball is more than three inches from the hole, because no one wants
to make a travesty of the game.
		-- Donald A. Metz


Reliable source, n.:
	The guy you just met.


Shall we make a new rule of life from tonight:
always to try to be a little kinder than is necessary?
		-- J. M. Barrie


Well, we've come full circle, Lord; I'd like to think there's some
higher meaning to all this.  It would certainly reflect well on you.


Planet Claire has pink hair.
All the trees are red.
No one ever dies there.
No one has a head....


Van Roy's Law:
	Honesty is the best policy - there's less competition.

Van Roy's Truism:
	Life is a whole series of circumstances beyond your control.


The ratio of literacy to illiteracy is a constant, but nowadays the
illiterates can read.
		-- Alberto Moravia


Quack!
	Quack!! Quack!!


To get something clean, one has to get something dirty.
To get something dirty, one does not have to get anything clean.


Nice guys don't finish nice.


The Sixth Commandment of Frisbee:
	The greatest single aid to distance is for the disc to be going
in a direction you did not want.  (Goes the wrong way = Goes a long
way.)
		-- Dan Roddick


One day,
A mad meta-poet,
With nothing to say,
Wrote a mad meta-poem
That started: "One day,
A mad meta-poet,
With nothing to say,
Wrote a mad meta-poem
That started: "One day,
[...]
sort of close".
Were the words that the poet,
Finally chose,
To bring his mad poem,
To some sort of close".
Were the words that the poet,
Finally chose,
To bring his mad poem,
To some sort of close".


Good day for overcoming obstacles.  Try a steeplechase.


Life is the living you do,
Death is the living you don't do.
		-- Joseph Pintauro


	Festivity Level 1: Your guests are chatting amiably with each
other, admiring your Christmas-tree ornaments, singing carols around
the upright piano, sipping at their drinks and nibbling hors
d'oeuvres.
	Festivity Level 2: Your guests are talking loudly -- sometimes
to each other, and sometimes to nobody at all, rearranging your
Christmas-tree ornaments, singing "I Gotta Be Me" around the upright
piano, gulping their drinks and wolfing down hors d'oeuvres.
	Festivity Level 3: Your guests are arguing violently with
inanimate objects, singing "I can't get no satisfaction," gulping down
other peoples' drinks, wolfing down Christmas tree ornaments and
placing hors d'oeuvres in the upright piano to see what happens when
the little hammers strike.
	Festivity Level 4: Your guests, hors d'oeuvres smeared all over
their naked bodies are performing a ritual dance around the burning
Christmas tree.  The piano is missing.

	You want to keep your party somewhere around level 3, unless
you rent your home and own Firearms, in which case you can go to level
4.  The best way to get to level 3 is egg-nog.


If you're crossing the nation in a covered wagon, it's better to have four
strong oxen than 100 chickens.  Chickens are OK but we can't make them work
together yet.
		-- Ross Bott, Pyramid U.S., on multiprocessors at AUUGM '89


Tomorrow, you can be anywhere.


Seems there was this traveling salesman who wandered into a brothel and
asked the madam for a woman who would give him the absolutely worst blow-job
imaginable.  Not horny, just homesick.


Egotism is the anesthetic given by a kindly nature
to relieve the pain of being a damned fool.
		-- Bellamy Brooks


Rembrandt is not to be compared in the painting of character with our
extraordinarily gifted English artist, Mr. Rippingille.
		-- John Hunt, British editor, scholar and art critic
		   Cerf/Navasky, "The Experts Speak"


	A disciple of another sect once came to Drescher as he was eating
his morning meal.  "I would like to give you this personality test", said
the outsider, "because I want you to be happy."
	Drescher took the paper that was offered him and put it into the
toaster -- "I wish the toaster to be happy too".


One morning after an evening of particularly heavy drinking, a man awoke
and upon rolling over in bed saw one of the ugliest women he had ever
seen.  As he was about to get out of bed, he looked on the floor and saw
another woman even less appealing than the first.  Seeing his look of
wide-eyed amazement, the woman on the floor snapped, "Don't look at me
like that, I was only the bridesmaid."


Lincoln was elected to Congress in 1846.
Kennedy exactly one hundred years later in 1946.

Lincoln was elected president in November 1860.
Kennedy in November 1960.

Lincoln had a secretary named Kennedy who urged him not to go to
the theatre.
Kennedy had a secretary named Lincoln who advised against his going
to Dallas.

Booth shot Lincoln in a theatre and ran off into a warehouse.
Oswald shot Kennedy from a warehouse and ran off into a theatre.

Lincoln was succeeded by a Southerner named Johnson.
Kennedy was succeeded by a Southerner named Johnson.

The first Johnson was born in 1808.
The second Johnson was born in 1908.

		-- Alistair Cooke, "Letter From America", Nov. 26, 2001


Earth is a beta site.


Never pay a compliment as if expecting a receipt.


No poet or novelist wishes he was the only one who ever lived, but most of
them wish they were the only one alive, and quite a number fondly believe
their wish has been granted.
		-- W. H. Auden, "The Dyer's Hand"


Under a government which imprisons any unjustly, the true place for a
just man is also in prison.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


C for yourself.


Better dead than mellow.


Mistrust first impulses; they are always right.


Had this been an actual emergency, we would have
fled in terror, and you would not have been informed.


The problem with any unwritten law is that
you don't know where to go to erase it.
		-- Glaser and Way


Kill 'em all, and let God sort 'em out.


Mankind is poised midway between the gods and the beasts.
		-- Plotinus


What scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch?
		-- J. D. Farley


We are experiencing system trouble -- do not adjust your terminal.


