User, n.:
	A programmer who will believe anything you tell him.


If swimming is so good for your figure, how come whales look the
way they do?


You enjoy the company of other people.


Q:	What's the difference between VMS and PMS?

A1:	PMS is only a problem for some people.
A2:	PMS is only a problem for part of the month.
A3:	The drugstore has remedies for PMS.
A4:	People with PMS get sympathy.
A5:	People with PMS don't wish they were UNIX.


Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
		-- Seneca


Q:	What's the contour integral around Western Europe?
A:	Zero, because all the Poles are in Eastern Europe!

Addendum: Actually, there ARE some Poles in Western Europe, but they
	are removable!

Q:	An English mathematician (I forgot who) was asked by his
	very religious colleague: Do you believe in one God?
A:	Yes, up to isomorphism!

Q:	What is a compact city?
A:	It's a city that can be guarded by finitely many near-sighted
	policemen!
		-- Peter Lax


Sometimes, when I think of what that girl means
to me, it's all I can do to keep from telling her.
		-- Andy Capp


Children aren't happy without something to ignore,
And that's what parents were created for.
		-- Ogden Nash


Time to be aggressive.  Go after a tattooed Virgo.


Regression analysis:
	Mathematical techniques for trying to understand why things are
	getting worse.


Barach's Rule:
	An alcoholic is a person who drinks more than his own physician.


Sometimes I simply feel that the whole
world is a cigarette and I'm the only ashtray.


Football is a game designed to keep coal miners off the streets.
		-- Jimmy Breslin


You can't say civilization don't advance... in every war they kill you a
new way.
		-- Will Rogers


After all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done.


Stay together, drag each other down.


The tao that can be tar(1)ed
is not the entire Tao.
The path that can be specified
is not the Full Path.

We declare the names
of all variables and functions.
Yet the Tao has no type specifier.

Dynamically binding, you realize the magic.
Statically binding, you see only the hierarchy.

Yet magic and hierarchy
arise from the same source,
and this source has a null pointer.

Reference the NULL within NULL,
it is the gateway to all wizardry.


Drop the vase and it will become a Ming of the past.
		-- The Adventurer


Q:	Why do firemen wear red suspenders?
A:	To conform with departmental regulations concerning uniform dress.


The glances over cocktails
That seemed to be so sweet
Don't seem quite so amorous
Over Shredded Wheat


If people have to choose between freedom and sandwiches, they
will take sandwiches.
		-- Lord Boyd-orr

Eats first, morals after.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "The Threepenny Opera"


She was only a moonshiner's daughter, but I love her still.


The orders come down and they march us away.
There's a battle outside and we join in the fray.
God, it's hell when you know this could be your last day,
But it's better than working for Xerox.
		-- Frank Hayes, "Don't Ask"


QOTD:
	"I get girls because of who I am... a rapist."


	A man walks into a bar and orders 3 shots and 3 beers.  The
bartender, seeing that the man is distraught, asks what the problem is.
	"I just found out that my brother is gay", he replies.
	About a week later, the same man walks in and orders 6 shots and
6 chasers.  So the bartender inquires, "What's wrong this time?"
	To which the man says, "I just found out that two of my brothers
are lovers."
	Another week goes by and the man comes back to the bar and orders
NINE shots and NINE beers.  The bartenders says "Damn, boy, doesn't anyone
in your family like pussy?"
	"Yeah.  Me and my sister."


At first, I just did it on weekends.  With a few friends, you know...
We never wanted to hurt anyone.  The girls loved it.  We'd all sit
around the computer and do a little UNIX.  It was just a kick.  At
least that's what we thought.  Then it got worse.

It got so I'd have to do some UNIX during the weekdays.  After a
while, I couldn't even wake up in the morning without having that
crave to go do UNIX.  Then it started affecting my job.  I would just
have to do it during my break.  Maybe a `grep' or two, maybe a little
`more'.  I eventually started doing UNIX just to get through the day.
Of course, it screwed up my mind so much that I couldn't even
function as a normal person.

I'm lucky today, I've overcome my UNIX problem.  It wasn't easy.  If
you're smart, just don't start.  Remember, if any weirdo offers you
some UNIX,

	Just Say No!


Fortune Personals:
	SWBiM, 29.  Gr/Fr/Mild English.  Have
	own moose, hoop.  Sincere inquiries
	only.  Discreet.  Fortune P.O. Box 1910.


Well, some take delight in the carriages a-rolling,
And some take delight in the hurling and the bowling,
But I take delight in the juice of the barley,
And courting pretty fair maids in the morning bright and early.


Heard tell that the Iron Magnolia wanted to divorce ol' Jimmy.
Seems he's screwing everyone but her.


Justice is incidental to law and order.
		-- J. Edgar Hoover


The revolution will not be televised.


As you reach for the web, a venomous spider appears.  Unable to pull
your hand away in time, the spider promptly, but politely, bites you.
The venom takes affect quickly causing your lips to turn plaid along
with your complexion.  You become dazed, and in your stupor you fall
from the limbs of the tree.  Snap!  Your head falls off and rolls all
over the ground.  The instant before you croak, you hear the whoosh of
a vacuum being filled by the air surrounding your head.  Worse yet, the
spider is suing you for damages.


Those who in quarrels interpose, must often wipe a bloody nose.


Try to be the best of whatever you are, even if what you are is no good.


Real Users find the one combination of bizarre input values that shuts
down the system for days.


I'm not tense, just terribly, terribly alert!


A prominent broadcaster, on a big-game safari in Africa, was taken to a
watering hole where the life of the jungle could be observed. As he
looked down from his tree platform and described the scene into his
tape recorder, he saw two gnus grazing peacefully. So preoccupied were
they that they failed to observe the approach of a pride of lions led
by two magnificent specimens, obviously the leaders. The lions charged,
killed the gnus, and dragged them into the bushes where their feasting
could not be seen.  A little while later the two kings of the jungle
emerged and the radioman recorded on his tape: "Well, that's the end of
the gnus and here, once again, are the head lions."


There is no choice before us.  Either we must Succeed in providing
the rational coordination of impulses and guts, or for centuries
civilization will sink into a mere welter of minor excitements.
We must provide a Great Age or see the collapse of the upward
striving of the human race.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead


No, his mind is not for rent
To any god or government.
Always hopeful, yet discontent,
He knows changes aren't permanent -
But change is.


Rugby, n.:
	Elegant violence.

	(Rugby players eat their dead.)
	(Blood makes the grass grow!)
	(Support your local hooker!  Play rugby!)

	[A "hooker" is part of the scrum.  Thought you'd want to know.  Ed.]


FORTUNE'S FAVORITE RECIPES: #8
	Christmas Rum Cake

1 or 2 quarts rum		1 tbsp. baking powder
1 cup butter			1 tsp. soda
1 tsp. sugar			1 tbsp. lemon juice
2 large eggs			2 cups brown sugar
2 cups dried assorted fruit	3 cups chopped English walnuts

Before you start, sample the rum to check for quality.  Good, isn't it?  Now
select a large mixing bowl, measuring cup, etc.  Check the rum again.  It
must be just right.  Be sure the rum is of the highest quality.  Pour one cup
of rum into a glass and drink it as fast as you can.  Repeat. With an electric
mixer, beat one cup butter in a large fluffy bowl.  Add 1 seaspoon of tugar
and beat again.  Meanwhile, make sure the rum teh absolutely highest quality.
Sample another cup.  Open second quart as necessary.  Add 2 orge laggs, 2 cups
of fried druit and beat untill high.  If the fried druit gets stuck in the
beaters, just pry it loose with a screwdriver.  Sample the rum again, checking
for toncisticity.  Next sift 3 cups of baking powder, a pinch of rum, a
seaspoon of toda and a cup of pepper or salt (it really doesn't matter).
Sample some more.  Sift 912 pint of lemon juice.  Fold in schopped butter and
strained chups.  Add bablespoon of brown gugar, or whatever color you have.
Mix mell.  Grease oven and turn cake pan to 350 gredees and rake until
poothtick comes out crean.


We're deep into the holiday gift-giving season, as you can tell from
the fact that everywhere you look, you see jolly old St. Nick urging
you to purchase things, to the point where you want to slug him right
in his bowl full of jelly.
		-- Dave Barry, "Simple, Homespun Gifts"


When you have to kill a man it costs nothing to be polite.
		-- Winston Churchill, on formal declarations of war


Take a lesson from the whale; the only time
he gets speared is when he raises to spout.


The one sure way to make a lazy man look
respectable is to put a fishing rod in his hand.


He'd kiss and the girls called him Georgie
They'd cry and the girls called him Porgie.
	So he put Spanish fly
	In their pudding and pie
And had the first tiny-tot orgy.


The part of the world that people find most puzzling is the part called "Me".


Serving coffee on an aircraft causes turbulence.


There is a definite parallel between shots of tequila and a
woman's breasts.  One is not enough and three are too many.


It may be bad manners to talk with your mouth full, but it isn't too
good either if you speak when your head is empty.


It may not be funny, but it's damned amusing!


Phasers locked on target, Captain.


From a Tru64 patch description:

	Fixes a bug that causes a panic due to software error


Writers do it between periods.


All men are mortal.  Socrates was mortal.  Therefore, all men are
Socrates.
		-- Woody Allen


Seems this guy showed up at a party, and all of his friends jumped for
Joy.  But she sidestepped, and they missed.


A mushroom cloud has no silver lining.


Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Poorman's Rule:
	When you pull a plastic garbage bag from its handy dispenser
	package, you always get hold of the closed end and try to
	pull it open.


Real programmers don't write in FORTRAN.  FORTRAN is for pipe stress
freaks and crystallography weenies.  FORTRAN is for wimp engineers who
wear white socks.


Q:	Why is Christmas just like a day at the office?
A:	You do all of the work and the fat guy in the suit
	gets all the credit.


Bucy's Law:
	Nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man.


I bet you think you're pretty cool driving around without auto insurance.
You're probably saying to yourself, "I'm beating the system."  But what's
going to happen when you get pulled over and lose your license because
you're not insured.  What girl's going to ride shotgun on a ten-speed on
a Saturday Night?  Yeah, you're going to be beating more than the system...
		-- auto insurance ad, heard on KNAC, Long Beach


In the Halls of Justice the only justice is in the halls.
		-- Lenny Bruce


Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.


The story you are about to hear is true.
Only the names have been changed to protect the innocent.


If God had intended Man to Walk, He would have given him Feet.


He asked me if I knew what time it was -- I said yes, but not right now.
		-- Steven Wright


FORTUNE'S GUIDE TO DEALING WITH REAL-LIFE SCIENCE FICTION: #6
What to do...
    if a starship, equipped with an FTL hyperdrive lands in your backyard?
	First of all, do not run after your camera.  You will not have any
	film, and, given the state of computer animation, noone will believe
	you anyway.  Be polite.  Remember, if they have an FTL hyperdrive,
	they can probably vaporize you, should they find you to be rude.
	Direct them to the White House lawn, which is where they probably
	wanted to land, anyway.  A good road map should help.

    if you wake up in the middle of the night, and discover that your
    closet contains an alternate dimension?
	Don't walk in.  You almost certainly will not be able to get back,
	and alternate dimensions are almost never any fun.  Remain calm
	and go back to bed.  Close the door first, so that the cat does not
	wander off.  Check your closet in the morning.  If it still contains
	an alternate dimension, nail it shut.


   n = (n & 0x55555555) + ((n & 0xaaaaaaaa) >> 1);
   n = (n & 0x33333333) + ((n & 0xcccccccc) >> 2);
   n = (n & 0x0f0f0f0f) + ((n & 0xf0f0f0f0) >> 4);
   n = (n & 0x00ff00ff) + ((n & 0xff00ff00) >> 8);
   n = (n & 0x0000ffff) + ((n & 0xffff0000) >> 16);

		-- C code which counts the bits in a word


It's more than magnificent -- it's mediocre.
		-- Sam Goldwyn


Accident, n.:
	A condition in which presence of mind is good,
	but absence of body is better.
		-- Foolish Dictionary


We prefer to speak evil of ourselves
rather than not speak of ourselves at all.


UNIX was not designed to stop you from doing stupid things, because that
would also stop you from doing clever things.
		-- Doug Gwyn


Seems like this guy wanders into a rural outfitting store in Alaska,
and starts talking to a rather grizzled old man sitting by the cash
register.
	"Hear ya got a lotta' bears 'round here?"
	"Yeah, you could say that," answers the old man.
	"GRIZZLIES?!?!"
	"A few."
	"Got any bear bells?"
	"What's that?"
	"You know, them little dingle-bells ya put on yer backpack so
bears know yer there so's they can run away ...  I'll take one fer black
bears, and one fer them grizzlies.  Say, how do you know yer in grizzly
country, anyhow?"
	"Look fer scat.  Grizzly scat's different from black bear scat."
	"Well now, what's IN grizzly scat that's different?"
	"Bear bells."


Cutler Webster's Law:
	There are two sides to every argument, unless a person
	is personally involved, in which case there is only one.


Hear that...
	the Masters and Johnson clinic may well be the only organization
	in the world from which a man resigns when he becomes a member
	in good standing?


Others will look to you for stability,
so hide when you bite your nails.


Information Processing:
	What you call data processing when people are so disgusted with
	it they won't let it be discussed in their presence.


Type louder, please.


	Harry, a golfing enthusiast if there ever was one, arrived home
from the club to an irate, ranting wife.
	"I'm leaving you, Harry," his wife announced bitterly.  "You
promised me faithfully that you'd be back before six and here it is almost
nine.  It just can't take that long to play 18 holes of golf."
	"Honey, wait," said Harry.  "Let me explain.  I know what I promised
you, but I have a very good reason for being late.  Fred and I tee'd off
right on time and everything was fine for the first three holes.  Then, on
the fourth tee Fred had a stroke.  I ran back to the clubhouse but couldn't
find a doctor.  And, by the time I got back to Fred, he was dead.  So, for
the next 15 holes, it was hit the ball, drag Fred, hit the ball, drag Fred...


Unix, n.:
	A computer operating system, once thought to be flabby and
	impotent, that now shows a surprising interest in making off
	with the workstation harem.


Youth is the trustee of posterity.


During the Reagan-Mondale debates:

Q:	"Do you feel that a person's age affects his ability to
		perform as president?"
Reagan:	"I refuse to make an issue out of my opponent's youth and
		inexperience."


That's always the way when you discover
something new; everyone thinks you're crazy.
		-- Evelyn E. Smith


Deliberation, n.:
	The act of examining one's bread to determine which side it is
	buttered on.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


You will be married within a year, and divorced within two.


If men couldn't fuck there'd be a bounty on their heads.


Ouch!  That felt good!
		-- Karen Gordon


STANDARDS:
	The principles we use to reject other people's code.


I could dance till the cows come home.  On second thought, I'd rather
dance with the cows till you come home.
		-- Groucho Marx


It is all right to hold a conversation,
but you should let go of it now and then.
		-- Richard Armour


Counting in octal is just like counting
in decimal -- if you don't use your thumbs.
		-- Tom Lehrer


If you want to know what god thinks of money, just look at the people
he gave it to.
		-- Dorothy Parker


If you are too busy to read, then you are too busy.


The War on Drugs is just a small part of the War on the United States
Constitution.


Don't worry about avoiding temptation -- as you grow older, it starts
avoiding you.
		-- The Old Farmer's Almanac


Truth has no special time of its own.  Its hour is now -- always.
		-- Albert Schweitzer


Gravity is an unforgiving motherfucker.


In good speaking, should not the mind of the speaker
know the truth of the matter about which he is to speak?
		-- Plato


I understand why you're confused.  You're thinking too much.
		-- Carole Wallach


It's hard to get ivory in Africa, but in Alabama the Tuscaloosa.
		-- Groucho Marx


With women, I've got a long bamboo pole with a leather loop on the end of
it.  I slip the loop around their necks so they can't get away or come too
close.  Like catching snakes.
		-- Marlon Brando


	Rosenberg wanted to leave the country.  "And what is *your*
reason?" asks the official at the Passport Office.
	"I am told a pogrom is being prepared.  Against the Jews and
the barbers," replies Rosenberg.
	"Why the barbers?"
	"Everybody asks that question.  That's why I want to leave."


All I want is a girl made of wood,
With fine-grained hair and carven knee.
She wouldn't drink and wouldn't smoke,
Oh, wooden tit be loverly?
		-- Pinocchio


You and I as individuals can, by borrowing, live beyond our means, but
only for a limited period of time.  Why should we think that collectively,
as a nation, we are not bound by that same limitation?
		-- Ronald Reagan


In which level of metalanguage are you now speaking?


So many women, and so little time!


This sentence does in fact not have the property it claims not to have.


Age and treachery will always overcome youth and skill.


Do students of Zen Buddhism do Om-work?


Science is like sex: sometimes something useful comes
out, but that is not the reason we are doing it
		-- Richard Feynman


Illegitimi non carborundum
(translation: no carbonated drinks allowed.)


People who have no faults are terrible;
there is no way of taking advantage of them.


Sex is like a bridge game.
If you have a good hand no partner is needed.


RADIO SHACK LEVEL II BASIC
READY
>_


Q:	What do you get when you cross an onion with a donkey?
A:	Well, most of the time you get an onion with big ears, but every
	once in a while you get a piece of ass that will bring tears to
	your eyes...


A day for firm decisions!!!!!  Or is it?


Children are like cats, they can tell when you don't like
them.  That's when they come over and violate your body space.


Our problems are so serious that the best
way to talk about them is lightheartedly.


Never keep up with the Joneses. Drag them down to your level.
		-- Quentin Crisp


The best thing that comes out of Iowa is I-80.


You mentioned your name as if I should recognize it, but beyond the
obvious facts that you are a bachelor, a solicitor, a freemason, and
an asthmatic, I know nothing whatever about you.
		-- Sherlock Holmes, "The Norwood Builder"


