Life can be so tragic -- you're here today and here tomorrow.


Who's on first?


Jehovah is an alien and still threatens this planet!


A hermit is a deserter from the army of humanity.


It was all so different before everything changed.


Eat the rich -- the poor are tough and stringy.


FORTUNE REMEMBERS THE GREAT MOTHERS: #5

	"And, and, and, and, but, but, but, but!"
		-- Mrs. Janice Markowsky, April 8, 1965


As you reach for the web, a venomous spider appears.  Unable to pull
your hand away in time, the spider promptly, but politely, bites you.
The venom takes affect quickly causing your lips to turn plaid along
with your complexion.  You become dazed, and in your stupor you fall
from the limbs of the tree.  Snap!  Your head falls off and rolls all
over the ground.  The instant before you croak, you hear the whoosh of
a vacuum being filled by the air surrounding your head.  Worse yet, the
spider is suing you for damages.


I'll turn over a new leaf.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


One is not superior merely because one sees the world as odious.
		-- Chateaubriand (1768-1848)


He jests at scars who never felt a wound.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet, II. 2"


Many a woman hasn't realized that she was raped until the check bounced.


An apple every eight hours will keep three doctors away.


I lay my head on the railroad tracks,
Waitin' for the double E.
The railroad don't run no more.
Poor poor pitiful me.			[chorus]
	Poor poor pitiful me, poor poor pitiful me.
	These young girls won't let me be,
	Lord have mercy on me!
	Woe is me!

Well, I met a girl, West Hollywood,
Well, I ain't naming names.
But she really worked me over good,
She was just like Jesse James.
She really worked me over good,
She was a credit to her gender.
She put me through some changes, boy,
Sort of like a Waring blender.		[chorus]

I met a girl at the Rainbow Bar,
She asked me if I'd beat her.
She took me back to the Hyatt House,
I don't want to talk about it.		[chorus]
		-- Warren Zevon, "Poor Poor Pitiful Me"


Abandon the search for Truth; settle for a good fantasy.


The great merit of society is to make one appreciate solitude.
		-- Charles Chincholles, "Reflections on the Art of Life"


Liberty is always dangerous, but it is the safest thing we have.
		-- Harry Emerson Fosdick


In Christianity, a man may have only one wife.
This is called Monotony.


There is no time like the present
for postponing what you ought to be doing.


Despising machines to a man,
The Luddites joined up with the Klan,
	And ride out by night
	In a sheeting of white
To lynch all the robots they can.
		-- C. M. and G. A. Maxson


If it's Tuesday, this must be someone else's fortune.


Dessert is probably the most important stage of the meal, since it will
be the last thing your guests remember before they pass out all over
the table.
		-- The Anarchist Cookbook


Give me a Plumber's friend the size of the Pittsburgh
dome, and a place to stand, and I will drain the world.


We are preparing to think about contemplating preliminary work on plans to
develop a schedule for producing the 10th Edition of the Unix Programmers
Manual.
		-- Andrew Hume


Like you, I am frequently haunted by profound questions related to man's
place in the Scheme of Things.  Here are just a few:

	Q -- Is there life after death?
	A -- Definitely.  I speak from personal experience here.  On New
Year's Eve, 1970, I drank a full pitcher of a drink called "Black Russian",
then crawled out on the lawn and died within a matter of minutes, which was
fine with me because I had come to realize that if I had lived I would have
spent the rest of my life in the grip of the most excruciatingly painful
headache.  Thanks to the miracle of modern orange juice, I was brought back
to life several days later, but in the interim I was definitely dead.  I
guess my main impression of the afterlife is that it isn't so bad as long
as you keep the television turned down and don't try to eat any solid foods.
		-- Dave Barry


Fishbowl, n.:
	A glass-enclosed isolation cell where newly
	promoted managers are kept for observation.


Just remember, it all started with a mouse.
		-- Walt Disney


Heavier than air flying machines are impossible.
		-- Lord Kelvin, President, Royal Society, c. 1895


A fool and his money are soon popular.


The eagle may soar, but the weasel never gets sucked into a jet engine.


You can't carve your way to success without cutting remarks.


Computers can figure out all kinds of problems, except the things in
the world that just don't add up.


It's a small world, but I wouldn't want to have to paint it.
		-- Steven Wright


If clear thinking created sparks, we could safely store dynamite in
James Watt's office.
		-- Wayne Shannon, KRON-TV


Ernest asks Frank how long he has been working for the company.
	"Ever since they threatened to fire me."


That's what she said.


Reality is bad enough, why should I tell the truth?
		-- Patrick Sky


Optimization hinders evolution.


If happiness is in your destiny, you need not be in a hurry.
		-- Chinese proverb


Q:	What's tan and black and looks great on a lawyer?
A:	A Doberman.


I gained nothing at all from Supreme Enlightenment, and for that very
reason it is called Supreme Enlightenment.
		-- Gautama Buddha


If your parents don't have kids, neither will you.


The Great Movie Posters:

The Miracle of the Age!!!  A LION in your lap!  A LOVER in your arms!
		-- Bwana Devil (1952)

OVERWHELMING!  ELECTRIFYING!  BAFFLING!
Fire Can't Burn Them!  Bullets Can't Kill Them!  See the Unfolding of
the Mysteries of the Moon as Murderous Robot Monsters Descend Upon the
Earth!  You've Never Seen Anything Like It!  Neither Has the World!
	SEE... Robots from Space in All Their Glory!!!
		-- Robot Monster (1953)

1,965 pyramids, 5,337 dancing girls, one million swaying bullrushes,
802 scared bulls!
		-- The Egyptian (1954)


Gold's Law:
	If the shoe fits, it's ugly.


Q:	What's the difference between a RHU cheerleader and a whale?
A:	The moustache.


You have junk mail.


Q:	How many heterosexual males does it take to screw in a light
	bulb, in San Francisco?
A:	Both of them.


When in doubt, do it.  It's much easier
to apologize than to get permission.
		-- Grace Murray Hopper


Most people are unable to write because they are unable to think, and
they are unable to think because they congenitally lack the equipment
to do so, just as they congenitally lack the equipment to fly over the
moon.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Men who cherish for women the highest
respect are seldom popular with them.
		-- Joseph Addison


Progress means replacing a theory that
is wrong with one more subtly wrong.


Hawkeye's Conclusion:
	It's not easy to play the clown
	when you've got to run the whole circus.


Sam:   What do you know there, Norm?
Norm:  How to sit.  How to drink.  Want to quiz me?
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd

Sam:   Hey, how's life treating you there, Norm?
Norm:  Beats me. ...  Then it kicks me and leaves me for dead.
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd

Woody: How would a beer feel, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Pretty nervous if I was in the room.
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd


I feel sorry for your brain... all alone in that great big head...


A man who turns green has eschewed protein.


Computers are not intelligent.  They only think they are.


Dinner suggestion #302 (Hacker's De-lite):
	1 tin imported Brisling sardines in tomato sauce
	1 pouch Chocolate Malt Carnation Instant Breakfast
	1 carton milk


Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.


He who knows nothing, knows nothing.
But he who knows he knows nothing knows something.
And he who knows someone whose friend's wife's brother knows nothing,
	he knows something.  Or something like that.


If only you had a personality instead of an attitude.


The distinction between Jewish and goyish can be quite subtle, as the
following quote from Lenny Bruce illustrates:

	"I'm Jewish.  Count Basie's Jewish.  Ray Charles is Jewish.
Eddie Cantor's goyish.  The B'nai Brith is goyish.  The Hadassah is
Jewish.  Marine Corps -- heavy goyish, dangerous.
	"Kool-Aid is goyish.  All Drake's Cakes are goyish.
Pumpernickel is Jewish and, as you know, white bread is very goyish.
Instant potatoes -- goyish.  Black cherry soda's very Jewish.
Macaroons are _v_e_r_y Jewish.  Fruit salad is Jewish.  Lime Jell-O is
goyish.  Lime soda is _v_e_r_y goyish.  Trailer parks are so goyish that
Jews won't go near them."
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


There once was a king who ruled his country long, wisely, and well.  The
king had a son whom he hoped would someday rule the land.  He also wished
in his heart that the son would be wise and compassionate.  One day he said
to the prince:
	"If you promised that you would give a certain woman anything, even
half of your kingdom, and then she demanded the life of your best friend,
what would your decision be, my son?"
	The young prince thought for a moment and then said, "I would tell
her that she was my best friend, and then cut off her head."
	The king knew that his son would be a great king.


Who dat who say "who dat" when I say "who dat"?
		-- Hattie McDaniel


Life is like a cucumber -- one moment it's
in your hand, the next it's up your ass.


The only thing we learn from history is that we learn nothing from
history.
		-- Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel

I know guys can't learn from yesterday ... Hegel must be taking the
long view.
		-- John Brunner, "Stand on Zanzibar"


Why do we want intelligent terminals
when there are so many stupid users?


Gravity brings me down.


The way I understand it, the Russians are sort of a combination of evil and
incompetence... sort of like the Post Office with tanks.
		-- Emo Philips


Hlade's Law:
	If you have a difficult task, give it to a lazy person --
	they will find an easier way to do it.


	"You know, it's at times like this when I'm trapped in a Vogon
airlock with a man from Betelgeuse and about to die of asphyxiation in
deep space that I really wish I'd listened to what my mother told me
when I was young!"
	"Why, what did she tell you?"
	"I don't know, I didn't listen!"
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Everybody likes a kidder, but nobody lends him money.
		-- Arthur Miller


The first duty of a revolutionary is to get away with it.
		-- Abbie Hoffman


A clash of doctrine is not a disaster - it is an opportunity.


One measure of friendship consists not in the number of things friends
can discuss, but in the number of things they need no longer mention.
		-- Clifton Fadiman


Banacek's Eighteenth Polish Proverb:
	The hippo has no sting, but the wise
	man would rather be sat upon by the bee.


A man in love is incomplete until he is married.  Then he is finished.
		-- Zsa Zsa Gabor, "Newsweek"


Anybody has a right to evade taxes if he can get away with it.  No citizen
has a moral obligation to assist in maintaining his government.
		-- J. P. Morgan


Good judgment comes from experience.
Experience comes from bad judgment.
		-- Jim Horning


Diogenes went to look for an honest lawyer. "How's it going?", someone
asked him, after a few days.
	"Not too bad", replied Diogenes. "I still have my lantern."


If being bi increases your chance of getting a date,
does being poly increase your chance of getting dumped?


... But we've only fondled the surface of that subject.
		-- Virginia Masters


In high school in Brooklyn
I was the baseball manager,
proud as I could be
I chased baseballs,
gathered thrown bats
handed out the towels			Eventually, I bought my own
It was very important work		but it was dark blue while
for a small spastic kid,		the official ones were green
but I was a team member			Nobody ever said anything
When the team got			to me about my blue jacket;
their warm-up jackets			the guys were my friends
I didn't get one			Yet it hurt me all year
Only the regular team			to wear that blue jacket
got these jackets, and			among all those green ones
surely not a manager			Even now, forty years after,
					I still recall that jacket
					and the memory goes on hurting.
		-- Bart Lanier Safford III, "An Obscured Radiance"


CONSULTANT:
	Someone who'd rather climb a tree and tell a
	lie than stand on the ground and tell the truth.


All progress is based upon a universal innate desire of every organism
to live beyond its income.
		-- Samuel Butler, "Notebooks"


For those of you how have been looking for evidence that a working
version of "Star Wars" can be built, consider the following proof
offered by Caspar Weinberger:

	"If such a system is so unattainable, why have the Soviets been
	working desperately to get it for over 17 years?"

		-- USA Today, 24 June 1986


The street preacher looked so baffled
When I asked him why he dressed
With forty pounds of headlines
Stapled to his chest.
But he cursed me when I proved to him
I said, "Not even you can hide.
You see, you're just like me.
I hope you're satisfied."
		-- Bob Dylan


Old age is the harbor of all ills.
		-- Bion


PROGRESS:
	Medieval man thought disease was caused by invisible demons
	invading the body and taking possession of it.

	Modern man knows disease is caused by microscopic bacteria
	and viruses invading the body and causing it to malfunction.


Each of us bears his own Hell.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)


egrep -n '^[a-z].*\(' $ | sort -t':' +2.0


The Official MBA Handbook on doing company business on an airplane:

	Do not work openly on top-secret company cost documents unless
	you have previously ascertained that the passenger next to you
	is blind, a rock musician on mood-ameliorating drugs, or the
	unfortunate possessor of a forty-seventh chromosome.


He thought he saw an albatross
That fluttered 'round the lamp.
He looked again and saw it was
A penny postage stamp.
"You'd best be getting home," he said,
"The nights are rather damp."


Everything is possible.  Pass the word.
		-- Rita Mae Brown, "Six of One"


Let the people think they govern and they will be governed.
		-- William Penn, founder of Pennsylvania


I believe in getting into hot water; it keeps you clean.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


A great nation is any mob of people which produces at least one honest
man a century.


Beware the new TTY code!


The requirements of romantic love are difficult to satisfy in the trunk
of a Dodge Dart.
		-- Lisa Alther


Love your enemies:  they'll go crazy
trying to figure out what you're up to.


What do I consider a reasonable person to be?  I'd say a reasonable person
is one who accepts that we are all human and therefore fallible, and takes
that into account when dealing with others.  Implicit in this definition is
the belief that it is the right and the responsibility of each person to
live his or her own life as he or she sees fit, to respect this right in
others, and to demand the assumption of this responsibility by others.


Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.


If the colleges were better, if they really had it, you would need to get
the police at the gates to keep order in the inrushing multitude.  See in
college how we thwart the natural love of learning by leaving the natural
method of teaching what each wishes to learn, and insisting that you shall
learn what you have no taste or capacity for.  The college, which should
be a place of delightful labor, is made odious and unhealthy, and the
young men are tempted to frivolous amusements to rally their jaded spirits.
I would have the studies elective.  Scholarship is to be created not
by compulsion, but by awakening a pure interest in knowledge.  The wise
instructor accomplishes this by opening to his pupils precisely the
attractions the study has for himself.  The marking is a system for schools,
not for the college; for boys, not for men; and it is an ungracious work to
put on a professor.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Sailors in ships, sail on!
Even while we died, others rode out the storm.


More people have died in Ted Kennedy's car than in nuclear power plants.


	She said, "I know you ... you cannot sing."
	I said, "That's nothing, you should hear me play piano."
		-- Morrisey


I can't die until the government finds a safe place to bury my liver.
		-- Phil Harris


Hug me now, you mad, impetuous fool!!
Oh wait...
I'm a computer, and you're a person.  It would never work out.
Never mind.


The New England Journal of Medicine reports that 9 out of 10
doctors agree that 1 out of 10 doctors is an idiot.


The disks are getting full; purge a file today.


Mundus vult decipi decipiatur ergo.
		-- Xaviera Hollander

[The world wants to be cheated, so cheat.]


Save gas, don't use the shell.


Lobster:
  Everyone loves these delectable crustaceans, but many cooks are squeamish
  about placing them into boiling water alive, which is the only proper
  method of preparing them.  Frankly, the easiest way to eliminate your
  guilt is to establish theirs by putting them on trial before they're
  cooked.  The fact is, lobsters are among the most ferocious predators on
  the sea floor, and you're helping reduce crime in the reefs.  Grasp the
  lobster behind the head, look it right in its unmistakably guilty
  eyestalks and say, "Where were you on the night of the 21st?", then
  flourish a picture of a scallop or a sole and shout, "Perhaps this will
  refresh that crude neural apparatus you call a memory!"  The lobster will
  squirm noticeably.  It may even take a swipe at you with one of its claws.
  Incorrigible.  Pop it into the pot.  Justice has been served, and shortly
  you and your friends will be, too.
		-- Dave Barry, Cooking: The Art of Turning Appliances
			and Utensils into Excuses and Apologies


Navel, n.:
	A place to stash your gum on the way down.


Unknown person(s) stole the American flag from its pole in Etra Park sometime
between 3pm Jan 17 and 11:30 am Jan 20.  The flag is described as red, white
and blue, having 50 stars and was valued at $40.
		-- Windsor-Heights Herald "Police Blotter", Jan 28, 1987


There are two ways of disliking art.
One is to dislike it.
The other is to like it rationally.
		-- Oscar Wilde


You will be married within a year, and divorced within two.


A memorandum is written not to inform the reader,
but to protect the writer.
		-- Dean Acheson


The individual choice of garnishment of a burger can be an important
point to the consumer in this day when individualism is an increasingly
important thing to people.
		-- Donald N. Smith, president of Burger King


A key to the understanding of all religions is that a God's idea of a
good time is a game of Snakes and Ladders with greased rungs.


If I have to lay an egg for my country, I'll do it.
		-- Bob Hope


Q:	What do you do if an Irishman throws a pin at you?
A:	Run like hell, he's got a grenade in his mouth!!


A good supervisor can step on your toes without messing up your shine.


Bahdges?  We don't need no stinkin' bahdges!
		-- "The Treasure of Sierra Madre"


An idealist is one who helps the other fellow to make a profit.
		-- Henry Ford


Chism's Law of Completion:
	The amount of time required to complete a government project is
	precisely equal to the length of time already spent on it.


Innovation is hard to schedule.
		-- Dan Fylstra


The clergy successfully preached the doctrines of patience and pusillanimity;
the active virtues of society were discouraged; and the last remains of a
military spirit were buried in the cloister: a large portion of public and
private wealth was consecrated to the specious demands of charity and devotion;
and the soldiers' pay was lavished on the useless multitudes of both sexes
who could only plead the merits of abstinence and chastity.
		-- Edward Gibbons, "The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire"


Plastic...  Aluminum...  These are the inheritors of the Universe!
Flesh and Blood have had their day... and that day is past!
		-- Green Lantern Comics


There was a man who enjoyed playing golf, and could occasionally put up
with taking in a round with his wife.  One time (with his wife along) he
was having an extremely bad round.  On the 12th hole, he sliced a drive
over by a grounds-keepers' shack.  Although he did not have a clear shot
to the green, his wife noticed that there were two doors on the shack,
and there was a possibility that, if both doors were opened, he might be
able to hit through.  Without hesitation, he instructed his wife to go
around to the other side and open the far door.  Sure enough, this gave
him a clear path to the green.  He stepped up to his ball and prepared
to hit.  His wife had been standing by the far door waiting for him to
hit through.  After a moment, she became curious and stuck her head in
the doorway, to see what he was doing.  At that exact moment, the husband
cracked a three-wood that hit his wife square on the forehead, killing
her instantly.  A few weeks later, the man was playing a round at the same
course, this time with a friend of his.  Once again on the 12th hole, he
sliced his drive to the shack.  His friend suggested that he might be able
to hit through, if he was to open both doors.
	"Nah", replied the man, "Last time I did that I took a 7".


Bernard Shaw is an excellent man; he has not an enemy in the world, and
none of his friends like him either.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Hang gliders come down very slowly.


Q:	Why did the lone ranger kill Tonto?
A:	He found out what "kemosabe" really means.


Whenever I see an old lady slip and fall on a wet sidewalk, my first instinct
is to laugh.  But then I think, what if I was an ant, and she fell on me.
Then it wouldn't seem quite so funny.
		-- Jack Handey


People are like onions -- you cut them up, and they make you cry.


Today's weirdness is tomorrow's reason why.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


Ferguson's Precept:
	A crisis is when you can't say "let's forget the whole thing."


Some people have parts that are so private
they themselves have no knowledge of them.


Courage is your greatest present need.


Three rules for sounding like an expert:
	1. Oversimplify your explanations to the point of uselessness.
	2. Always point out second-order effects,
	   but never point out when they can be ignored.
	3. Come up with three rules of your own.


You are in the hall of the mountain king.


A pig is a jolly companion,
Boar, sow, barrow, or gilt --
A pig is a pal, who'll boost your morale,
Though mountains may topple and tilt.
When they've blackballed, bamboozled, and burned you,
When they've turned on you, Tory and Whig,
Though you may be thrown over by Tabby and Rover,
You'll never go wrong with a pig, a pig,
You'll never go wrong with a pig!
		-- Thomas Pynchon, "Gravity's Rainbow"


	Exxon's "Universe of Energy" tends to the peculiar rather than the
humorous ... After [an incomprehensible film montage about wind and sun and
rain and strip mines and] two or three minutes of mechanical confusion, the
seats locomote through a short tunnel filled with clock-work dinosaurs.
The dinosaurs are depicted without accuracy and too close to your face.
	"One of the few real novelties at Epcot is the use of smell to
aggravate illusions.  Of course, no one knows what dinosaurs smelled like,
but Exxon has decided they smelled bad.
	"At the other end of Dino Ditch ... there's a final, very addled
message about facing challengehood tomorrow-wise.  I dozed off during this,
but the import seems to be that dinosaurs don't have anything to do with
energy policy and neither do you."
		-- P. J. O'Rourke, "Holidays in Hell"


Welcome to boggle - do you want instructions?

D    G    G    O

O    Y    A    N

A    D    B    T

K    I    S    P
Enter words:
>


He who slings mud loses ground.
		-- Chinese proverb


The Bible says that woman was the last thing God made.
Evidently He made her on Saturday night.  She reveals his fatigue.
		-- Dumas


Those who can't write, write manuals.


Seduced, shaggy Samson snored.
She scissored short.  Sorely shorn,
Soon shackled slave, Samson sighed,
Silently scheming,
Sightlessly seeking
Some savage, spectacular suicide.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


Lisp hackers have to be bound (to-do 'it) ...


The state law of Pennsylvania prohibits singing in the bathtub.


I look at life as being cruise director on the Titanic.
I may not get there, but I'm going first class.
		-- Art Buchwald


X windows:
	It's not how slow you make it.  It's how you make it slow.
	The windowing system preferred by masochists 3 to 1.
	Built to take on the world... and lose!
	Don't try it 'til you've knocked it.
	Power tools for Power Fools.
	Putting new limits on productivity.
	The closer you look, the cruftier we look.
	Design by counterexample.
	A new level of software disintegration.
	No hardware is safe.
	Do your time.
	Rationalization, not realization.
	Old-world software cruftsmanship at its finest.
	Gratuitous incompatibility.
	Your mother.
	THE user interference management system.
	You can't argue with failure.
	You haven't died 'til you've used it.

The environment of today... tomorrow!
	X windows.


The sergeant walked into the shower and caught me giving myself a
dishonorable discharge.  Without missing a beat, I said, "It's my dick
and I can wash it as fast as I want!"


Always draw your curves, then plot your reading.


A tautology is a thing which is tautological.


May a hundred thousand midgets invade your home singing cheezy lounge-lizard
versions of songs from The Wizard of Oz.


Said the attractive, cigar-smoking housewife to her girl-friend: "I
got started one night when George came home and found one burning in
the ashtray."


Santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate Clauses.


Some men who fear that they are playing
second fiddle aren't in the band at all.


The fact that an opinion has been widely held is no evidence that it is not
utterly absurd; indeed, in view of the silliness of the majority of mankind,
a widespread belief is more often likely to be foolish than sensible.
		-- Bertrand Russell, in "Marriage and Morals", 1929


Aim for the moon.  If you miss, you may hit a star.
		-- W. Clement Stone


	Once upon a time there were three brothers who were knights
in a certain kingdom.  And, there was a Princess in a neighboring kingdom
who was of marriageable age.  Well, one day, in full armour, their horses,
and their page, the three brothers set off to see if one of them could
win her hand.  The road was long and there were many obstacles along the
way, robbers to be overcome, hard terrain to cross.  As they coped with
each obstacle they became more and more disgusted with their page.  He was
not only inept, he was a coward, he could not handle the horses, he was,
in short, a complete flop.  When they arrived at the court of the kingdom,
they found that they were expected to present the Princess with some
treasure.  The two older brothers were discouraged, since they had not
thought of this and were unprepared.  The youngest, however, had the
answer:  Promise her anything, but give her our page.


MSDOS is not dead, it just smells that way.
		-- Henry Spencer


I have that old biological urge,
I have that old irresistible surge,
I'm hungry.


If you don't have a nasty obituary you probably didn't matter.
		-- Freeman Dyson


Let the meek inherit the earth -- they have it coming to them.
		-- James Thurber


A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
Therefore, a man without a woman is like a bicycle without a fish.


You may already be a loser.
		-- Form letter received by Rodney Dangerfield


What a misfortune to be a woman!  And yet, the worst misfortune is not to
understand what a misfortune it is.
		-- S. A. Kierkegaard (1813-1855)


Disk crisis, please clean up!


I always pass on good advice.  It is the only thing to do with it.
It is never any good to oneself.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "An Ideal Husband"


The identical is equal to itself, since it is different.
		-- Franco Spisani


Pixel, n.:
	A mischievous, magical spirit associated with screen displays.
	The computer industry has frequently borrowed from mythology:
	Witness the sprites in computer graphics, the demons in artificial
	intelligence, and the trolls in the marketing department.


Sure he's sharp as a razor ... he's a two-dimensional pinhead!


When someone makes a move		We'll send them all we've got,
Of which we don't approve,		John Wayne and Randolph Scott,
Who is it that always intervenes?	Remember those exciting fighting scenes?
U.N. and O.A.S.,			To the shores of Tripoli,
They have their place, I guess,		But not to Mississippoli,
But first, send the Marines!		What do we do?  We send the Marines!

For might makes right,			Members of the corps
And till they've seen the light,	All hate the thought of war:
They've got to be protected,		They'd rather kill them off by
						peaceful means.
All their rights respected,		Stop calling it aggression--
Till somebody we like can be elected.	We hate that expression!
					We only want the world to know
					That we support the status quo;
					They love us everywhere we go,
					So when in doubt, send the Marines!
		-- Tom Lehrer, "Send The Marines"


Do not stoop to tie your laces in your neighbor's melon patch.


	Once, when the secrets of science were the jealously guarded property
of a small priesthood, the common man had no hope of mastering their arcane
complexities.  Years of study in musty classrooms were prerequisite to
obtaining even a dim, incoherent knowledge of science.
	Today all that has changed: a dim, incoherent knowledge of science is
available to anyone.
		-- Tom Weller, "Science Made Stupid"


	"We're running out of adjectives to describe our situation.  We
had crisis, then we went into chaos, and now what do we call this?" said
Nicaraguan economist Francisco Mayorga, who holds a doctorate from Yale.
		-- The Washington Post, February, 1988

The New Yorker's comment:
	At Harvard they'd call it a noun.


