It may be bad manners to talk with your mouth full, but it isn't too
good either if you speak when your head is empty.


In the long run, every program becomes rococo, and then rubble.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


A man may well bring a horse to the water,
but he cannot make him drink with he will.
		-- John Heywood


A debugged program is one for which you have
not yet found the conditions that make it fail.
		-- Jerry Ogdin


Every young man should have a hobby: learning how to handle money is
the best one.
		-- Jack Hurley


Novinson's Revolutionary Discovery:

	When comes the revolution, things will be different --
	not better, just different.


You will wish you hadn't.


Truthful, adj.:
	Dumb and illiterate.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


How you look depends on where you go.


One good suit is worth a thousand resumes.


Let others praise ancient times; I am glad I was born in these.
		-- Ovid (43 B.C. - A.D. 18)


All power corrupts, but we need electricity.


The sweeter the apple, the blacker the core --
Scratch a lover and find a foe!
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Ballad of a Great Weariness"


Patience is the best remedy for every trouble.
		-- Titus Maccius Plautus


Darth Vader sleeps with a Teddywookie.


Q:	Why did Hellen Keller go all the way on her first date?
A:	She'd never been taught to say no.


Flannister, n.:
	The plastic yoke that holds a six-pack of beer together.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Never trust a computer you can't repair yourself.


So... if you could choose any nose in the whole wide world,
which one would you pick?


Welcome back, my friends, to the show that never ends!
We're so glad you could attend, come inside, come inside!
There behind the glass there's a real blade of grass,
Be careful as you pass, move along, move along.
Come inside, the show's about to start,
Guaranteed to blow your head apart.
Rest assured, you'll get your money's worth,
Greatest show, in heaven, hell or earth!
You gotta see the show!  It's a dynamo!
You gotta see the show!  It's rock 'n' roll!
		-- ELP, "Karn Evil 9" (1st Impression, Part 2)


QOTD:
	"I only touch base with reality on an as-needed basis!"


A child can go only so far in life without potty training.  It is not mere
coincidence that six of the last seven presidents were potty trained, not
to mention nearly half of the nation's state legislators.
		-- Dave Barry


I suppose that in a few hours I will sober up. That's such a sad
thought. I think I'll have a few more drinks to prepare myself.


	Two parent drops spent months teaching their son how to be part of the
ocean.  After months of training, the father drop commented to the mother drop,
"We've taught our boy everything we know, he's fit to be tide."
	After Snow White used a couple rolls of film taking pictures of the
seven dwarfs, she mailed the roll to be developed.  Later she was heard to
sing, "Some day my prints will come."
	A boy spent years collecting postage stamps.  The girl next door bought
an album too, and started her own collection.  "Dad, she buys everything I've
bought, and it's taken all the fun out of it for me.  I'm quitting."  Don't,
son, remember, 'Imitation is the sincerest form of philately.'"
	A young girl, Carmen Cohen, was called by her last name by her father,
and her first name by her mother.  By the time she was ten, didn't know if she
was Carmen or Cohen.
	Against his wishes, a math teacher's classroom was remodeled.  Ever
since, he's been talking about the good old dais.  His students planted a small
orchard in his honor, the trees all have square roots.


Everything ends badly.  Otherwise it wouldn't end.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #3

MIRACLE ON 42ND STREET:
	Santa Claus, in the off season, follows his heart's desire and
	tries to make it big on Broadway.  Santa sings and dances his way
	into your heart.


A man was griping to his friend about how he hated to go home after a
late card games.
	"You wouldn't believe what I go through to avoid waking my wife,"
he said.  "First, I kill the engine a block away from the house and coast
into the garage.  Then I open the door slowly, take off my shoes, and
tiptoe to our room.  But just as I'm about to slide into bed, she always
wakes up and gives me hell."
	"I make a big racket when I go home," his friend replied.
	"You do?"
	"Sure.  I honk the horn, slam the door, turn on all the lights,
stomp up to the bedroom and give my wife a big kiss.  `Hi, Alice,' I say.
`How about a little smooch for your old man?'"
	"And what does she say?" his friend asked in disbelief.
	"She doesn't say anything," his buddy replied.  "She always pretends
she's asleep."


LEVERAGE:
	Even if someone doesn't care what the world thinks
	about them, they always hope their mother doesn't find out.


Chicagoan:	"So, where're you from?"
Hoosier:	"What's wrong with Indiana?"


Burnt Sienna.  That's the best thing that ever happened to Crayolas.
		-- Ken Weaver


In a consumer society there are inevitably two kinds of slaves:
the prisoners of addiction and the prisoners of envy.


	The Lord and I are in a sheep-shepherd relationship, and I am in
a position of negative need.
	He prostrates me in a green-belt grazing area.
	He conducts me directionally parallel to non-torrential aqueous
liquid.
	He returns to original satisfaction levels my psychological makeup.
	He switches me on to a positive behavioral format for maximal
prestige of His identity.
	It should indeed be said that notwithstanding the fact that I make
ambulatory progress through the umbrageous inter-hill mortality slot, terror
sensations will no be initiated in me, due to para-etical phenomena.
	Your pastoral walking aid and quadrupic pickup unit introduce me
into a pleasurific mood state.
	You design and produce a nutriment-bearing furniture-type structure
in the context of non-cooperative elements.
	You act out a head-related folk ritual employing vegetable extract.
	My beverage utensil experiences a volume crisis.
	It is an ongoing deductible fact that your inter-relational
empathetical and non-ventious capabilities will retain me as their
target-focus for the duration of my non-death period, and I will possess
tenant rights in the housing unit of the Lord on a permanent, open-ended
time basis.


	Well, he thought, since neither Aristotelian Logic nor the disciplines
of Science seemed to offer much hope, it's time to go beyond them...
	Drawing a few deep even breaths, he entered a mental state practiced
only by Masters of the Universal Way of Zen.  In it his mind floated freely,
able to rummage at will among the bits and pieces of data he had absorbed,
undistracted by any outside disturbances.  Logical structures no longer
inhibited him. Pre-conceptions, prejudices, ordinary human standards vanished.
All things, those previously trivial as well as those once thought important,
became absolutely equal by acquiring an absolute value, revealing relationships
not evident to ordinary vision.  Like beads strung on a string of their own
meaning, each thing pointed to its own common ground of existence, shared by
all.  Finally, each began to melt into each, staying itself while becoming
all others.  And Mind no longer contemplated Problem, but became Problem,
destroying Subject-Object by becoming them.
	Time passed, unheeded.
	Eventually, there was a tentative stirring, then a decisive one, and
Nakamura arose, a smile on his face and the light of laughter in his eyes.
		-- Wayfarer


Even a blind pig stumbles upon a few acorns.


You k'n hide de fier, but w'at you gwine do wid de smoke?
		-- Joel Chandler Harris, proverbs of Uncle Remus


The worst thing about some men is that when they are not drunk they
are sober.
		-- William Butler Yeats


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #29:

THE JUDGE: Now, as we begin, I must ask you to banish all present
	   information and prejudice from your minds, if you have
	   any ...


To refuse praise is to seek praise twice.


Q:	How many Democrats does it take to enjoy a good joke?
A:	One more than you can find.


How you look depends on where you go.


"I'm a doctor, not a mechanic."
		-- "The Doomsday Machine", when asked if he had heard of
		   the idea of a doomsday machine.
"I'm a doctor, not an escalator."
		-- "Friday's Child", when asked to help the very pregnant
		   Ellen up a steep incline.
"I'm a doctor, not a bricklayer."
		-- "Devil in the Dark", when asked to patch up the Horta.
"I'm a doctor, not an engineer."
		-- "Mirror, Mirror", when asked by Scotty for help in
		   Engineering aboard the USS Enterprise.
"I'm a doctor, not a coal miner."
		-- "The Empath", on being beneath the surface of Minara 2.
"I'm a surgeon, not a psychiatrist."
		-- "City on the Edge of Forever", on Edith Keeler's remark
		   that Kirk talked strangely.
"I'm no magician, Spock, just an old country doctor."
		-- "The Deadly Years", to Spock while trying to cure the
		   aging effects of the rogue comet near Gamma Hydra 4.
"What am I, a doctor or a moon shuttle conductor?"
		-- "The Corbomite Maneuver", when Kirk rushed off from a
		   physical exam to answer the alert.


I'm still waiting for the advent of the computer science groupie.


If you're gonna sleep with someone whose moral code may be written
in Fortran for all you know, at least make sure there's an existing
friendship of some sort to fall back on if things don't work out
like one or the other of you planned.


Honorable, adj.:
	Afflicted with an impediment in one's reach.  In legislative
	bodies, it is customary to mention all members as honorable; as,
	"the honorable gentleman is a scurvy cur."
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


A hand in a bird is worth two on 'er bush.


Rejection, n.:
	When you're masturbating and your hand falls asleep.


If the designers of X-window built cars, there would be no fewer than five
steering wheels hidden about the cockpit, none of which followed the same
principles -- but you'd be able to shift gears with your car stereo.  Useful
feature, that.
		-- From the programming notebooks of a heretic, 1990


A friend with weed is a friend indeed.


A stately-looking matron was walking through the Bronx Zoo, studying the
animals.  When she passed the porcupine enclosure she beckoned to a nearby
attendant.
	"Young man," she began, "do North American porcupines have sharper
pricks than those raised in Africa?"
	The attendant hesitated for a moment.  "Well, ma'am," he answered,
"the African porcupine's quills are sharper... but I think their pricks are
about the same."


No self-made man ever did such a good job
that some woman didn't want to make some alterations.
		-- Kin Hubbard


If there is a sin against life, it consists perhaps not so much in despairing
of life as in hoping for another life and in eluding the implacable grandeur
of this life.
		-- Albert Camus


Q:	What's bruised, bleeding, and lies in a ditch?
A:	Somebody who tells Aggie jokes.


The only real argument for marriage is that it remains the best method
for getting acquainted.
		-- Heywood Broun


A lie is an abomination unto the Lord and a very present help in time of
trouble.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


Traveling through New England, a motorist stopped for gas in a tiny village.
"What's this place called?" he asked the station attendant.
	"All depends," the native drawled.  "Do you mean by them that has
to live in this dad-blamed, moth-eaten, dust-covered, one-hoss dump, or
by them that's merely enjoying its quaint and picturesque rustic charms
for a short spell?"


What I want is all of the power and none of the responsibility.


Savage's Law of Expediency:
	You want it bad, you'll get it bad.


Turn the other cheek.
		-- Jesus Christ


It's hard not to like a man of many qualities,
even if most of them are bad.


Marijuana is like Coors beer.  If you could buy the damn stuff
at a Georgia filling station, you'd decide you wouldn't want it.
		-- Billy Carter


They're just jealous because they don't have three
wise men and a virgin in the whole organization.
		-- Mayor Vincent J. "Buddy" Cianci, on the
		   ACLU's suit to have a city nativity scene removed.


And now for something completely the same.


When I said "we", officer, I was referring to
myself, the four young ladies, and, of course, the goat.


Norm:	Hey, everybody.
All:	[silence; everybody is mad at Norm for being rich.]
Norm:	[Carries on both sides of the conversation himself.]
	Norm!   (Norman.)
	How are you feeling today, Norm?
	Rich and thirsty.  Pour me a beer.
		-- Cheers, Tan 'n Wash

Woody:	What's the latest, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:	Zsa-Zsa marries a millionaire, Peterson drinks a beer.
	Film at eleven.
		-- Cheers, Knights of the Scimitar

Woody: How are you today, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Never been better, Woody. ... Just once I'd like to be better.
		-- Cheers, Chambers vs. Malone


I'm not against women.  Not often enough, anyway.
		-- NPR


The meek shall inherit the earth; the rest of us, the Universe.


	As a general rule of thumb, never trust anybody who's been in therapy
for more than 15 percent of their life span.  The words "I am sorry" and "I
am wrong" will have totally disappeared from their vocabulary.  They will stab
you, shoot you, break things in your apartment, say horrible things to your
friends and family, and then justify this abhorrent behavior by saying:
	"Sure, I put your dog in the microwave.  But I feel *better*
for doing it."
		-- Bruce Feirstein, "Nice Guys Sleep Alone"


An engineer, a physicist and a mathematician find themselves in an
anecdote, indeed an anecdote quite similar to many that you have no doubt
already heard.  After some observations and rough calculations the
engineer realizes the situation and starts laughing.  A few minutes later
the physicist understands too and chuckles to himself happily as he now
has enough experimental evidence to publish a paper.  This leaves the
mathematician somewhat perplexed, as he had observed right away that he
was the subject of an anecdote, and deduced quite rapidly the presence of
humour from similar anecdotes, but considers this anecdote to be too
trivial a corollary to be significant, let alone funny.


Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set:

PI	Punch Invalid
POPI	Punch Operator Immediately
PVLC	Punch Variable Length Card
RASC	Read And Shred Card
RPM	Read Programmers Mind
RSSC	Reduce Speed, Step Carefully (for improved accuracy)
RTAB	Rewind Tape and Break
RWDSK	Rewind Disk
RWOC	Read Writing On Card
SCRBL	Scribble to disk - faster than a write
SLC	Search for Lost Chord
SPSW	Scramble Program Status Word
SRSD	Seek Record and Scar Disk
STROM	Store in Read Only Memory
TDB	Transfer and Drop Bit
WBT	Water Binary Tree


Spagmumps, n.:
	Any of the millions of Styrofoam wads that accompany mail-order
	items.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


A society in which women are taught anything but the management of a family,
the care of men, and the creation of the future generation is a society
which is on its way out.
		-- L. Ron Hubbard


Power, like a desolating pestilence,
Pollutes whate'er it touches...
		-- Percy Bysshe Shelley


THEORY:
	System of ideas meant to explain something, chosen with a view to
	originality, controversialism, incomprehensibility, and how good
	it will look in print.


Experience is that marvelous thing that enables
you recognize a mistake when you make it again.
		-- Franklin Jones


Nobody can be exactly like me.  Sometimes even I have trouble doing
it.
		-- Tallulah Bankhead


Two cars in every pot and a chicken in every garage.


No rock so hard but that a little wave
May beat admission in a thousand years.
		-- Tennyson


If value corrupts then absolute value corrupts absolutely.


Give your child mental blocks for Christmas.


Some performers on television appear to be horrible people, but when
you finally get to know them in person, they turn out to be even
worse.
		-- Avery


Dear Emily:
	Today I posted an article and forgot to include my signature.
What should I do?
		-- Forgetful

Dear Forgetful:
	Rush to your terminal right away and post an article that says,
"Oops, I forgot to post my signature with that last article.  Here
it is."
	Since most people will have forgotten your earlier article,
(particularly since it dared to be so boring as to not have a nice, juicy
signature) this will remind them of it.  Besides, people care much more
about the signature anyway.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette


When in doubt, mumble; when in trouble, delegate; when in charge, ponder.
		-- James H. Boren


What we cannot speak about we must pass over in silence.
		-- Wittgenstein


Acid -- better living through chemistry.


I have a dog; I named him Stay.  So when I'd go to call him, I'd say, "Here,
Stay, here..." but he got wise to that.  Now when I call him he ignores me
and just keeps on typing.
		-- Steven Wright


Do not permit a woman to ask forgiveness, for that is only the first
step.  The second is justification of herself by accusation of you.
		-- DeGourmont


It is only people of small moral stature who have to stand on their
dignity.


QOTD:
	"The forest may be quiet, but that doesn't mean
	the snakes have gone away."


It's always a long day; 86400 doesn't fit into a short.


Why are programmers non-productive?
Because their time is wasted in meetings.

Why are programmers rebellious?
Because the management interferes too much.

Why are the programmers resigning one by one?
Because they are burnt out.

Having worked for poor management, they no longer value their jobs.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Well, anyway, I was reading this James Bond book, and right away I realized
that like most books, it had too many words.  The plot was the same one that
all James Bond books have: An evil person tries to blow up the world, but
James Bond kills him and his henchmen and makes love to several attractive
women.  There, that's it: 24 words.  But the guy who wrote the book took
*thousands* of words to say it.
	Or consider "The Brothers Karamazov", by the famous Russian alcoholic
Fyodor Dostoyevsky.  It's about these two brothers who kill their father.
Or maybe only one of them kills the father.  It's impossible to tell because
what they mostly do is talk for nearly a thousand pages.  If all Russians talk
as much as the Karamazovs did, I don't see how they found time to become a
major world power.
	I'm told that Dostoyevsky wrote "The Brothers Karamazov" to raise
the question of whether there is a God.  So why didn't he just come right
out and say: "Is there a God? It sure beats the heck out of me."
	Other famous works could easily have been summarized in a few words:

* "Moby Dick" -- Don't mess around with large whales because they symbolize
  nature and will kill you.
* "A Tale of Two Cities" -- French people are crazy.
		-- Dave Barry


Dry fucking: that's man on top of woman, the action is the same as fucking,
but you're dressed.  It's great for the girl... you're hitting and rubbing
exactly the area that you ought to be... I still like that.
		-- Grace Slick


Every cloud engenders not a storm.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


