Save a forest -- eat a beaver!


GNU Make will no longer go into an infinite loop when fed the horrid
trash that passes for makefiles that `imake' produces (so you can
compile X, despite the extreme stubbornness and irrationality of its
maintainers).
		-- GNU Make 3.55 release notes


For the first time we have a weapon that nobody has used for thirty years.
This gives me great hope for the human race.
		-- Harlan Ellison


	I went into a bar feeling a little depressed, the bartender said,
"What'll you have, Bud"?
	I said," I don't know, surprise me".
	So he showed me a nude picture of my wife.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


Q:	What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish wake?
A:	One more drunk.


Don't you wish that all the people who sincerely
want to help you could agree with each other?


Old age is the harbor of all ills.
		-- Bion


Needs are a function of what other people have.


He who fights and runs away lives to fight another day.


I opened the drawer of my little desk and a single letter fell out, a
letter from my mother, written in pencil, one of her last, with unfinished
words and an implicit sense of her departure.  It's so curious: one can
resist tears and "behave" very well in the hardest hours of grief.  But
then someone makes you a friendly sign behind a window... or one notices
that a flower that was in bud only yesterday has suddenly blossomed... or
a letter slips from a drawer... and everything collapses.
		-- Letters From Colette


In the next world, you're on your own.


In Corning, Iowa, it's a misdemeanor for a man to ask his wife to ride
in any motor vehicle.


That woman speaks eight languages and can't say "no" in any of them.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Jim, it's Jack.  I'm at the airport.  I'm going to Tokyo and wanna pay
you the five-hundred I owe you.  Catch you next year when I get back!


RUGGED:
	Too heavy to lift.


This guy makes an appointment with a doctor because his hemorrhoids are
really bothering him.  The doctor gives him some suppositories and tells
him to come back in a week for a checkup.  "How's it going?" he asks
the patient a week later.
	"I gotta tell you the truth, Doc," said the man.  "For all the
good these pills did me, I coulda shoved them up my ass."


Q:	How do you know when it's time to wash the dishes?
A:	Look inside your pants; if you have a penis, it's not time.


Il y avait une madame de Lahore
Dont la figure n'etait la meilleure,
	Mais la vagine tres forte,
	Toujours ouverte la porte,
Encore, et encore, et encore.


When in doubt, do what the President does -- guess.


Oprah Winfrey has an incredible talent for getting the weirdest people to
talk to.  And you just HAVE to watch it.  "Blind, masochistic minority,
crippled, depressed, government latrine diggers, and the women who love
them too much on the next Oprah Winfrey."


I dined with Lord Hughing Fitz-Bluing
Who said, "Do you squirm when you're screwing?"
	I replied, "Simple shagging
	Without any wagging
Is only for screwing canoeing."


I was drunk last night, crawled home across the lawn.  By accident I
put the car key in the door lock.  The house started up.  So I figured
what the hell, and drove it around the block a few times.  I thought I
should go park it in the middle of the freeway and yell at everyone to
get off my driveway.
		-- Steven Wright


Without life, Biology itself would be impossible.


Sin lies only in hurting other people unnecessarily.
All other "sins" are invented nonsense.
(Hurting yourself is not sinful -- just stupid).
		-- Lazarus Long


	Desperate about the state of her social life, a young woman resorted
to the Personal Ads in the back of her local paper.  In the ad she made it
quite clear that what she was advertising for was an expert lover; she already
had plenty of sensitive friends and meaningful relationships and what she
now wanted was to get laid, to put it bluntly.  Phone calls started coming
in, with each caller testifying to his sexual prowess, but none quite struck
the young woman's fancy.  Until one night her doorbell rang.  Opening the door
she found a man with no arms or legs, who informed her that he was there in
response to her advertisement.  "I'm terribly sorry," she stammered, "but my
ad was quite explicit.  I'm really looking for something of a sexual expert,
and you... uh... don't have all the..."
	"Listen," the man interrupted her, "I rang the doorbell, didn't I?"


When Oxygen Tech played Hydrogen U.
The Game had just begun, when Hydrogen scored two fast points
And Oxygen still had none
Then Oxygen scored a single goal
And thus it did remain, At Hydrogen 2 and Oxygen 1
Called because of rain.


	An eighty-year-old woman is rocking away the afternoon on her
porch when she sees an old, tarnished lamp sitting near the steps.  She
picks it up, rubs it gently, and lo and behold a genie appears!  The genie
tells the woman the he will grant her any three wishes her heart desires.
	After a bit of thought, she says, "I wish I were young and
beautiful!"  And POOF!  In a cloud of smoke she becomes a young, beautiful,
voluptuous woman.
	After a little more thought, she says, "I would like to be rich
for the rest of my life."  And POOF!  When the smoke clears, there are
stacks and stacks of money lying on the porch.
	The genie then says, "Now, madam, what is your final wish?"
	"Well," says the woman, "I would like for you to transform my
faithful old cat, whom I have loved dearly for fifteen years, into a young
handsome prince!"
	And with another billow of smoke the cat is changed into a tall,
handsome, young man, with dark hair, dressed in a dashing uniform.
	As they gaze at each other in adoration, the prince leans over to
the woman and whispers into her ear, "Now, aren't you sorry you had me
fixed?"


Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want, and
deserve to get it good and hard.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Little Book in C major", 1916


STANDARDS:
	The principles we use to reject other people's code.


The time has come for kicking ass and taking names.


Bower's Law:
	Talent goes where the action is.


A classic is something that everybody wants to have read
and nobody wants to read.
		-- Mark Twain quoting Professor Winchester,
		   "The Disappearance of Literature"


An American tourist is visiting Russia, and he's talking with a Russian
about the fact that not many people in Russia own cars.

American:	"I can't believe you don't have cars here!  How do you
		get to work?"
Russian:	"We take the bus, or the subway.  We have public
		transportation everywhere."
A:		"Well, how do you go on vacations?"
R:		"We take the train."
A:		"Well, what if you want to go abroad?"
R:		"We don't ever want go abroad."
A:		"Well, what if you really HAVE to go abroad?"
R:		"We take tanks."


The final screw holding up a rackmount server is always possessed by demons.


Never leave anything to chance;
make sure all your crimes are premeditated.


Fats Loves Madelyn.


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #32:

Q:  Do you know how far pregnant you are right now?
A:  I will be three months November 8th.
Q:  Apparently then, the date of conception was August 8th?
A:  Yes.
Q:  What were you and your husband doing at that time?


	Two longtime friends sipped Scotch in a local bar and talked about
their troubles.  "And on top of everything else," said the first, "my wife
has cut me down to just once a week."
	"That's too bad," agreed his friend, "but it could be worse.  I know
two guys she's cut off altogether.


A doctor was stranded with a lawyer in a leaky life raft in shark-infested
waters. The doctor tried to swim ashore but was eaten by the sharks. The
lawyer, however, swam safely past the bloodthirsty sharks.  "Professional
courtesy," he explained.


What the scientists have in their briefcases is terrifying.
		-- Nikita Khruschev


Goldfish... what stupid animals.  Even Wayne Cody stops
eating before he bursts.


Stop searching forever.  Happiness is unattainable.


He was not only a great swordsman, but also a cunning linguist.


Young men want to be faithful and are not;
old men want to be faithless and cannot.
		-- Oscar Wilde


There's nothing very mysterious about you, except that
nobody really knows your origin, purpose, or destination.


A new 'chutist had just jumped from the plane at 10,000 feet, and soon
discovered that all his lines were hopelessly tangled.  At about 5,000 feet,
still struggling, he noticed someone coming up from the ground at about the
same speed as he was going towards the ground.  As they passed each other at
3,000 feet, the 'chutist yells, "HEY! DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT PARACHUTES?"
	The reply came, fading towards the end, "NO!  DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT COLEMAN STOVES?"


Be open to other people -- they may enrich your dream.


When the Apple IIc was introduced, the informative copy led off with a couple
of asterisked sentences:

	It weighs less than 8 pounds.*
	And costs less than $1,300.**

In tiny type were these "fuller explanations":

      * Don't asterisks make you suspicious as all get out?  Well, all
	this means is that the IIc alone weights 7.5 pounds. The power
	pack, monitor, an extra disk drive, a printer and several bricks
	will make the IIc weigh more. Our lawyers were concerned that you
	might not be able to figure this out for yourself.

     ** The FTC is concerned about price fixing. You can pay more if
	you really want to.  Or less.
		-- Forbes


Hear about...
	the careless contortionist who accidentally swallowed his pride?


The Messiah will come.  There will be a resurrection of the dead -- all
the things that Jews believed in before they got so damn sophisticated.
		-- Rabbi Meir Kahane


A rich man told me recently that a liberal is a man who tells other
people what to do with their money.
		-- Imamu Amiri Baraka (Leroi Jones)


