If men could get pregnant, abortion would be a sacrament.


It seems that there was this Christian about to be thrown to the lions.  He
was shoved into the middle of the arena and the lion was released.  Being
a good Christian, as the lion approached he knelt and prayed, asking God for
forgiveness for his (few) sins, and begging that the lion might be dissuaded
from eating him for its breakfast.  Much to his dismay, the lion didn't stop
but kept coming, getting faster and faster, now almost running, so the
Christian took off too.  There they were, running around and around the arena,
the lion getting closer and the Christian praying harder and harder between
gasps for breath.  The lions breath was now hot upon his heels and he could
even feel droplets of the lions saliva splashing on his bare feet.  So he
pulled out all the stops, promising God that if the lion will only spare him,
he will devote the rest of his life to spreading the Christian faith,
forsaking all temptation and possessions.  Suddenly he no longer felt the
lions breath, no longer heard the great beast's snarls close behind him.
Slowing to a stop, he turned around and saw the lion on its knees, eyes rolled
upward, paws held together.  The lion appeared to be muttering something so
the Christian approached until he could make out what the lion was saying.
	"Dear Lord, for what I am about to receive..."


An encounter with a beautiful woman is good medicine for the well organized
logical mind -- a little jolt never hurt.  Note that the anarchists have
been saying this for years about the A-bomb and civilization.
		-- Encyclopadia Apocryphia


Nature, to be commanded, must be obeyed.
		-- Francis Bacon


If bankers can count, how come they have
eight windows and only four tellers?


Q:	Why can't Hellen Keller have children?
A:	Because she's dead.


A tautology is a thing which is tautological.


There was, it appeared, a mysterious rite of initiation through which,
in one way or another, almost every member of the team passed.  The term
that the old hands used for this rite -- West invented the term, not the
practice -- was `signing up.'  By signing up for the project you agreed
to do whatever was necessary for success.  You agreed to forsake, if
necessary, family, hobbies, and friends -- if you had any of these left
(and you might not, if you had signed up too many times before).
		-- Tracy Kidder, "The Soul of a New Machine"


Love tells us many things that are not so.
		-- Krainian proverb


	Plumbing is one of the easier of do-it-yourself activities,
requiring only a few simple tools and a willingness to stick your arm
into a clogged toilet.  In fact, you can solve many home plumbing
problems, such as annoying faucet drip, merely by turning up the
radio.  But before we get into specific techniques, let's look at how
plumbing works.
	A plumbing system is very much like your electrical system,
except that instead of electricity, it has water, and instead of wires,
it has pipes, and instead of radios and waffle irons, it has faucets
and toilets.  So the truth is that your plumbing systems is nothing at
all like your electrical system, which is good, because electricity can
kill you.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


She sells cshs by the cshore.


You will be aided greatly by a person
whom you thought to be unimportant.


I don't mind what Congress does, as long as they don't do it in the
streets and frighten the horses.
		-- Victor Hugo


THE THREE MOST COMMONLY-ASKED QUESTIONS AT DISNEYLAND:

1) Where's the bathroom?
2) What time does the parade start?
3) Do you sell anything without that damn mouse on it?


I put the shotgun in an Adidas bag and padded it out with four pairs of
tennis socks, not my style at all, but that was what I was aiming for:  If
they think you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical, go
crude.  I'm a very technical boy.  So I decided to get as crude as possible.
These days, though, you have to be pretty technical before you can even
aspire to crudeness.
		-- William Gibson, "Johnny Mnemonic"


69 + 69 = dinner for 4.


The Following Subsume All Physical and Human Laws:

	1. You can't push on a string.
	2. Ain't no free lunches.
	3. Them as has, gets.
	4. You can't win them all, but you sure as hell can lose them all.


The number of arguments is unimportant unless some of them are
correct.
		-- Ralph Hartley


All the girls in France, do a hookie-kookie dance,
And you know the way they shake, is enough to fry a snake,
And the snake they fry, is enough to tell a lie,
And the lie they tell, is enough to go to
Hello, operator, give me number nine,
If you disconnect me, I'll kick you in the
Behind the 'frigerator, there was a piece of glass,
If you do not pick it up, I'll kick you in the
Ask me no more questions, tell me no more lies,
This is what Lulu told me, just before she died.
She had a little brother, she named him Tiny Tim,
She put him in the potty, to see if he could swim.
He swam down to the bottom, he swam up to the top,
Lulu got disgusted, and flushed him down the pot.
		-- Princess


A hard man is good to find.


Peace is much more precious than a piece
of land... let there be no more wars.
		-- Mohammed Anwar Sadat (1918-1981)


Sometimes love ain't nothing but a misunderstanding between two fools.


A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any other invention,
with the possible exceptions of handguns and Tequila.
		-- Mitch Ratcliffe


Sir, it's very possible this asteroid is not stable.
		-- C-3PO


I love Saturday morning cartoons, what classic humour!  This is what
entertainment is all about ... Idiots, explosives and falling anvils.
		-- Calvin and Hobbes, Bill Watterson


Don't worry about the world coming to an end today.
It's already tomorrow in Australia.
		-- Charles Schultz


I have become me without my consent.


I'm sorry, but after reading this thread, I'm having a hard time
coming up with an explanation for this nonsense which doesn't involve
you being a dumbass.
		-- Bill Paul <wpaul@FreeBSD.org>


I always turn to the sports pages first, which record people's
accomplishments.  The front page has nothing but man's failures.
		-- Chief Justice Earl Warren


My way of joking is to tell the truth.
That's the funniest joke in the world.
		-- Muhammad Ali


Truth is stranger than fiction, because fiction has to make sense.


Don't get stuck in a closet -- wear yourself out.


Getting kicked out of the American Bar Association is liked getting kicked
out of the Book-of-the-Month Club.
		-- Melvin Belli on the occasion of his getting kicked out
		   of the American Bar Association


Been Transferred Lately?


Orcs really aren't so bad (if you use lots of catsup).


Picture the sun as the origin of two intersecting 6-dimensional
hyperplanes from which we can deduce a certain transformational
sequence which gives us the terminal velocity of a rubber duck ...


We're living in a golden age.  All you need is gold.
		-- D. W. Robertson


The best way to accelerate a Macintoy is at 9.8 meters per second, squared.


Mundus vult decipi decipiatur ergo.
		-- Xaviera Hollander

[The world wants to be cheated, so cheat.]


QOTD:
	"I don't give a flying fuck at a rolling doughnut."


Did you know....

That no-one ever reads these things?


The most dangerous food is wedding cake.
		-- American proverb


If anyone wants to trade a couple of centrally located, well-cushioned
showgirls for an eroded slope 90 minutes from Broadway, I'll be on this
corner tomorrow at 11 with my tongue hanging out.
		-- S. J. Perelman


Hofstadter's Law:
	It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take
	Hofstadter's Law into account.


Food for thought is no substitute for the real thing.
		-- Walt Kelly, "Potluck Pogo"


There is nothing stranger in a strange land than the stranger who
comes to visit.


I want a girl that can swallow my pride.
		-- Frank Zappa, "Jewish Princess"


Do not despair of life.  You have no doubt force enough to overcome
your obstacles.  Think of the fox prowling through wood and field in
a winter night for something to satisfy his hunger.  Notwithstanding
cold and hounds and traps, his race survives.  I do not believe any
of them ever committed suicide.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error.
		-- Weisert


Where you stand depends on where you sit.
		-- Rufus Miles, HEW


If food be the music of love, eat up, eat up.


Sentient plasmoids are a gas.


Inspiration without perspiration is usually sterile.


"No program is perfect,"
They said with a shrug.
"The customer's happy--
What's one little bug?"

But he was determined,			Then change two, then three more,
The others went home.			As year followed year.
He dug out the flow chart		And strangers would comment,
Deserted, alone.			"Is that guy still here?"

Night passed into morning.		He died at the console
The room was cluttered			Of hunger and thirst
With core dumps, source listings.	Next day he was buried
"I'm close," he muttered.		Face down, nine edge first.

Chain smoking, cold coffee,		And his wife through her tears
Logic, deduction.			Accepted his fate.
"I've got it!" he cried,		Said "He's not really gone,
"Just change one instruction."		He's just working late."
		-- The Perfect Programmer


BS:	You remind me of a man.
B:	What man?
BS:	The man with the power.
B:	What power?
BS:	The power of voodoo.
B:	Voodoo?
BS:	You do.
B:	Do what?
BS:	Remind me of a man.
B:	What man?
BS:	The man with the power...
		-- Cary Grant, "The Bachelor and the Bobby-Soxer"


Rainy days and Mondays always get me down.


QWERT (kwirt) n. [MW < OW qwertyuiop, a thirteenth]  1. a unit of weight
equal to 13 poiuyt  avoirdupois  (or 1.69 kiloliks), commonly used in
structural engineering  2. [Colloq.] one thirteenth the load that a fully
grown sligo can carry.  3. [Anat.] a painful  irritation  of  the dermis
in the region of the anus  4. [Slang] person who excites in others the
symptoms of a qwert.
		-- Webster's Middle World Dictionary, 4th ed.


	On the occasion of Nero's 25th birthday, he arrived at the Colosseum
to find that the Praetorian Guard had prepared a treat for him in the arena.
There stood 25 naked virgins, like candles on a cake, tied to poles, burning
alive.  "Wonderful!" exclaimed the deranged emperor, "but one of them isn't
dead yet.  I can see her lips moving.  Go quickly and find out what she is
saying."
	The centurion saluted, and hurried out to the virgin, getting as near
the flames as he dared, and listened intently.  Then he turned and ran back
to the imperial box.  "She is not talking," he reported to Nero, "she is
singing."
	"Singing?" said the astounded emperor.  "Singing what?"
	"Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you..."


Sex is an emotion in motion.
		-- Mae West


You will step on the night soil of many countries.


Confession is good for the soul, but bad for the career.


QOTD:
	"One day, I'd like to wake up in the morning to find that every
	gay and lesbian has lavender skin.  On that morning, I will be
	-- mauve."


QOTD:
	"I used to beat off so much in the shower, I'd get a hard on every
	time it rained."


Giles:	 What do you want?
Angelus: I want to torture you.  I used to love it, it's been a long time.
	 I mean, the last time I tortured somebody, they didn't even _H_A_V_E
	 chain saws.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Becoming, Part 2"
		   Season 2, Episode 22


Human kind cannot bear very much reality.
		-- T. S. Eliot, "Four Quartets: Burnt Norton"


The most costly of all follies is to believe passionately
in the palpably not true.  It is the chief occupation of mankind.
		-- H. L. Mencken


QOTD:
	"It's a dog-eat-dog world, and I'm wearing Milk Bone underwear."


Confusion, n.:
	Father's Day in San Francisco.


UNIX is hot.  It's more than hot.  It's steaming.  It's quicksilver
lightning with a laserbeam kicker.
		-- Michael Jay Tucker


My Bonnie looked into a gas tank,
The height of its contents to see!
She lit a small match to assist her,
Oh, bring back my Bonnie to me.


I called my parents the other night, but I forgot about the time difference.
They're still living in the fifties.
		-- Strange de Jim


Briefly stated, the findings are that when presented with an array of
data or a sequence of events in which they are instructed to discover
an underlying order, subjects show strong tendencies to perceive order
and causality in random arrays, to perceive a pattern or correlation
which seems a priori intuitively correct even when the actual correlation
in the data is counterintuitive, to jump to conclusions about the correct
hypothesis, to seek and to use only positive or confirmatory evidence, to
construe evidence liberally as confirmatory, to fail to generate or to
assess alternative hypotheses, and having thus managed to expose themselves
only to confirmatory instances, to be fallaciously confident of the validity
of their judgments (Jahoda, 1969; Einhorn and Hogarth, 1978).  In the
analyzing of past events, these tendencies are exacerbated by failure to
appreciate the pitfalls of post hoc analyses.
		-- A. Benjamin


Said a madam named Mamie La Farge
To a sailor just off of a barge,
	"We have one girl that's dead,
	With a hole in her head--
Of course there's a slight extra charge."


Every program has (at least) two purposes:
	the one for which it was written and another for which it wasn't.


If only you knew she loved you, you could
face the uncertainty of whether you love her.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(22) Morality is not defined by individual choice.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Einstein argued that there must be simplified explanations of nature, because
God is not capricious or arbitrary.  No such faith comforts the software
engineer.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr.


The rules:

1:  Thou shalt not worship other computer systems.
2:  Thou shalt not impersonate Liberace or eat watermelon while sitting at
	the console keyboard.
3:  Thou shalt not slap users on the face, nor staple their silly little
	card decks together.
4:  Thou shalt not get physically involved with the computer system,
	especially if you're already married.
5:  Thou shalt not use magnetic tapes as Frisbees, nor use a disk pack as
	a stool to reach another disk pack.
6:  Thou shalt not stare at the blinking lights for more than one 8 hour
	shift.
7:  Thou shalt not tell users that you accidentally destroyed their
	files/backup just to see the look on their little faces.
8:  Thou shalt not enjoy canceling a job.
9:  Thou shalt not display firearms in the computer room.
10: Thou shalt not push buttons "just to see what happens".


A New Yorker is riding down the road in his new Mercedes.  So intent is he
on the cocaine in his hand he completely misses a turn and his car plunges
over the five-hundred-foot cliff to be smashed into pieces at the bottom.
As the on-lookers rush to the edge of the cliff they see him fifty feet
from the top of the cliff clinging to a stunted bush with all his strength.
"Dear Lord," he prays, "I never asked you for nothin' before, but I'm askin'
you now: Save me, Lord, save me."
	Booms the Lord: "LET GO OF THE BRANCH."
	"But Lord, if I do that, I'll fall!"
	"TRUST ME, LET GO OF THE BRANCH."
	"But Lord, I'm gonna fall and die..."
	"TRUST ME TO SAVE YOU.  LET GO OF THE BRANCH."
	Okay, Lord, I'll trust you, here I...  here I go!"  And he falls
to his death.
	"DUMB YANKEE."


The hatred of relatives is the most violent.
		-- Tacitus (c.55 - c.117)


On the porch of a dude named Horatio,
His girl got a yen for fellatio.
	As she sucked on his dingus
	He tried cunnilingus
But the cops ran 'em off of that patio.


The fucking ain't worth the fighting.


What they say:				What they mean:

A major technological breakthrough...	Back to the drawing board.
Developed after years of research	Discovered by pure accident.
Project behind original schedule due	We're working on something else.
	to unforeseen difficulties
Designs are within allowable limits	We made it, stretching a point or two.
Customer satisfaction is believed	So far behind schedule that they'll be
	assured					grateful for anything at all.
Close project coordination		We're gonna spread the blame, campers!
Test results were extremely gratifying	It works, and boy, were we surprised!
The design will be finalized...		We haven't started yet, but we've got
						to say something.
The entire concept has been rejected	The guy who designed it quit.
We're moving forward with a fresh	We hired three new guys, and they're
	approach				kicking it around.
A number of different approaches...	We don't know where we're going, but
						we're moving.
Preliminary operational tests are	Blew up when we turned it on.
	inconclusive
Modifications are underway		We're starting over.


Attorney General Edwin Meese III explained why the Supreme Court's Miranda
decision (holding that subjects have a right to remain silent and have a
lawyer present during questioning) is unnecessary: "You don't have many
suspects who are innocent of a crime.  That's contradictory.  If a person
is innocent of a crime, then he is not a suspect."
		-- U.S. News and World Report, 10/14/85


Hear about...
	the guru who refused Novocaine while having a tooth pulled because
	he wanted to transcend dental medication?


The very proper spinster didn't go out very often, but she had some important
shopping to do that morning and so decided to have her lunch in what appeared
to be a nice quiet respectable restaurant.  With the noontime crowd, many
customers shared their tables with strangers; the spinster selected a seat
next to an attractive, young office girl.  The girl finished her sandwich and
coffee, then settled back and lit up a cigarette.  The older woman controlled
herself for a few moments and then snapped,
	"I'd rather commit adultery than smoke in public."
	"So would I," said the girl, "but I only have half an hour for lunch."


Women think of being a man as a gift.  It is a duty.  Even making love can
be a duty.  A man has always got to get it up, and love isn't always enough.
		-- Norman Mailer


Collaboration, n.:
	A literary partnership based on the false assumption that the
	other fellow can spell.


When you know absolutely nothing about the topic, make your forecast by
asking a carefully selected probability sample of 300 others who don't
know the answer either.
		-- Edgar R. Fiedler


vacation;look;find;talk;grep;touch;finger;find;flex;unzip;mount;workbone; \
fsck;yes;gasp;fsck;yes;eject;umount;make clean;zip;split;done;exit


	Once upon a time there was a beautiful young girl taking a stroll
through the woods.  All at once she saw an extremely ugly bull frog seated
on a log and to her amazement the frog spoke to her.  "Maiden," croaked the
frog, "would you do me a favor?  This will be hard for you to believe, but
I was once a handsome, charming prince and then a mean, ugly old witch cast
a spell over me and turned me into a frog."
	"Oh, what a pity!", exclaimed the girl.  "I'll do anything I can to
help you break such a spell."
	"Well," replied the frog, "the only way that this spell can be
taken away is for some lovely young woman to take me home and let me spend
the night under her pillow."
	The young girl took the ugly frog home and placed him beneath her
pillow that night when she retired.  When she awoke the next morning, sure
enough, there beside her in bed was a very young, handsome man, clearly of
royal blood.  And so they lived happily ever after, except that to this day
her father and mother still don't believe her story.


Never argue with a woman when she's tired -- or rested.


Quantum Mechanics is God's version of "Trust me."


Bees are very busy souls
They have no time for birth controls
And that is why in times like these
There are so many Sons of Bees.


Q:	How many right-to-lifers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Two.  One to screw it in and one to say that light started when the
	screwing began.


Pocket pool, n.:
	Well, for guys, it's two-ball in the side pocket.
	For women, it's playing the slots.


I'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be
living apart.
		-- e. e. cummings


Seduced, shaggy Samson snored.
She scissored short.  Sorely shorn,
Soon shackled slave, Samson sighed,
Silently scheming,
Sightlessly seeking
Some savage, spectacular suicide.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


So many women, so little nerve.


Blinding speed can compensate for a lot of deficiencies.
		-- David Nichols


Life is a bitch, but the puppies can be cute.


Dreams are free, but you get soaked on the connect time.


I've got my ANSI C Reference book right here but it doesn't say anything
about getting raped in the ass as part of the official C language (maybe
I should get a C++ reference manual).
		-- Deuce, Jerk City


There are two ways of disliking art.
One is to dislike it.
The other is to like it rationally.
		-- Oscar Wilde


To err is human, but I can REALLY foul things up.


Just once I would like to persuade the audience not to wear any article of
blue denim.  If only they could see themselves in a pair of brown corduroys
like mine instead of this awful, boring blue denim.  I don't enjoy the sky
or sea as much as I used to because of this Levi character.  If Jesus Christ
came back today, He and I would get into our brown corduroys and go to the
nearest jean store and overturn the racks of blue denim.  Then we'd get
crucified in the morning.
		-- Ian Anderson, of Jethro Tull


A statistician, who refused to fly after reading of the alarmingly high
probability that there will be a bomb on any given plane, realized that
the probability of there being two bombs on any given flight is very low.
Now, whenever he flies, he carries a bomb with him.


