COMPLEX SYSTEM:
	One with real problems and imaginary profits.


Spouse, n.:
	Someone who'll stand by you through all the trouble you
	wouldn't have had if you'd stayed single.


The most important early product on the way
to developing a good product is an imperfect version.


Hear about...
	the absent minded sculptor who put his model to bed and
	started chiseling on his wife?


Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient.
Don't believe a thing he tells you.


Real class, adj.:
	When you're by yourself, fart, and say "Excuse me."


I'm not prejudiced, I hate everyone equally.


Someday, Weederman, we'll look back on all this and laugh... It will
probably be one of those deep, eerie ones that slowly builds to a
blood-curdling maniacal scream... but still it will be a laugh.
		-- Mister Boffo


IBM had a PL/I,
Its syntax worse than JOSS;
And everywhere this language went,
It was a total loss.


A straw vote only shows which way the hot air blows.
		-- O'Henry


Little Herbie had been blind since birth.  One day at bedtime, his mother
told him that the next day was a very special one.  If he prayed extra
hard, he'd be able to see when he woke up the next morning.  The next
morning she came into Herbie's room and asked him if he'd prayed hard
the night before.
	"Yes, Mommie," was his reply, "all night long!"
	"Well, then," she said, "open your eyes and you'll know that
your prayers have been answered."
Little Herbie opened his eyes, only to cry out,
	"Mother! Mother! I still can't see!"
	"I know, dear," said his mother, "April Fool."


Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
		-- George Santayana


There is no cure for birth and death other than to enjoy the interval.
		-- George Santayana


You are a bundle of energy, always on the go.


I'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be
living apart.
		-- e. e. cummings


Laissez Faire Economics is the theory that if each acts like a vulture,
all will end as doves.


Hear that...
	the Pope's next pronouncement on birth control is to be titled
	"Paul's Epistle to the Fallopians"?


The other night I was having sex, but the girl hung up on me.


The water was not fit to drink.
To make it palatable, we had to add whiskey.
By diligent effort, I learned to like it.
		-- Winston Churchill


The only real advantage to punk music is that nobody can whistle it.


Come, muse, let us sing of rats!
		-- From a poem by James Grainger (1721-1767)


I get up each morning, gather my wits.
Pick up the paper, read the obits.
If I'm not there I know I'm not dead.
So I eat a good breakfast and go back to bed.

Oh, how do I know my youth is all spent?
My get-up-and-go has got-up-and-went.
But in spite of it all, I'm able to grin,
And think of the places my get-up has been.
		-- Pete Seeger


As an adolescent I aspired to lasting fame, I craved factual certainty, and
I thirsted for a meaningful vision of human life -- so I became a scientist.
This is like becoming an archbishop so you can meet girls.
		-- Matt Cartmill


There was, it appeared, a mysterious rite of initiation through which,
in one way or another, almost every member of the team passed.  The term
that the old hands used for this rite -- West invented the term, not the
practice -- was `signing up.'  By signing up for the project you agreed
to do whatever was necessary for success.  You agreed to forsake, if
necessary, family, hobbies, and friends -- if you had any of these left
(and you might not, if you had signed up too many times before).
		-- Tracy Kidder, "The Soul of a New Machine"


Like you, I am frequently haunted by profound questions related to man's
place in the Scheme of Things.  Here are just a few:

	Q -- Is there life after death?
	A -- Definitely.  I speak from personal experience here.  On New
Year's Eve, 1970, I drank a full pitcher of a drink called "Black Russian",
then crawled out on the lawn and died within a matter of minutes, which was
fine with me because I had come to realize that if I had lived I would have
spent the rest of my life in the grip of the most excruciatingly painful
headache.  Thanks to the miracle of modern orange juice, I was brought back
to life several days later, but in the interim I was definitely dead.  I
guess my main impression of the afterlife is that it isn't so bad as long
as you keep the television turned down and don't try to eat any solid foods.
		-- Dave Barry


What a bonanza!  An unknown beginner to be directed by Lubitsch, in a script
by Wilder and Brackett, and to play with Paramount's two superstars, Gary
Cooper and Claudette Colbert, and to be beaten up by both of them!
		-- David Niven, "Bring On the Empty Horses"


The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one
persists in trying to adapt the world to himself.  Therefore all
progress depends on the unreasonable man.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


I know you believe you understand what you think this fortune says,
but I'm not sure you realize that what you are reading is not what
it means.


The more cordial the buyers secretary, the greater
the odds that the competition already has the order.


It was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead.


When the salesman's car broke down, he walked to the nearest farmhouse to ask
if he could stay the night.  The farmer agreed to put him up.  "I live alone,"
he continued, "you can have the bedroom at the top of the stairs, to the
right."
	"Oh, never mind," the disappointed salesman said. "I think I'm in
the wrong joke."


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(21) Abortion is wrong.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


The days just prior to marriage are like a snappy introduction
to a tedious book.


He keeps differentiating, flying off on a tangent.


It's not so hard to lift yourself by your bootstraps once you're off
the ground.
		-- Daniel B. Luten


Wasn't there something about a PASCAL programmer
knowing the value of everything and the Wirth of nothing?


The number of arguments is unimportant unless some of them are
correct.
		-- Ralph Hartley


She was only a moonshiner's daughter, but I love her still.


Courage, n.:
	Two cannibals having oral sex.


I had no shoes and I pitied myself.  Then I met a man who had no feet,
so I took his shoes.
		-- Dave Barry


Excessive login or logout messages are a sure sign of senility.


Ever since I was a young boy,
I've hacked the ARPA net,
From Berkeley down to Rutgers,		He's on my favorite terminal,
Any access I could get,			He cats C right into foo,
But ain't seen nothing like him,	His disciples lead him in,
On any campus yet,			And he just breaks the root,
That deaf, dumb, and blind kid,		Always has full SYS-PRIV's,
Sure sends a mean packet.		Never uses lint,
					That deaf, dumb, and blind kid,
					Sure sends a mean packet.
He's a UNIX wizard,
There has to be a twist.
The UNIX wizard's got			Ain't got no distractions,
Unlimited space on disk.		Can't hear no whistles or bells,
How do you think he does it?		Can't see no message flashing,
I don't know.				Types by sense of smell,
What makes him so good?			Those crazy little programs,
					The proper bit flags set,
					That deaf, dumb, and blind kid,
					Sure sends a mean packet.
		-- UNIX Wizard


I argue very well.  Ask any of my remaining friends.  I can win an
argument on any topic, against any opponent.  People know this, and
steer clear of me at parties.  Often, as a sign of their great respect,
they don't even invite me.
		-- Dave Barry


Oz:	So, do you guys steal weapons from the army a lot?
Willow:	Well, we don't have cable, so we have to make our own fun.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Innocence"
		   Season 2, Episode 14


America has been discovered before, but it has always been hushed up.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Latin is a language,
As dead as can be.
First it killed the Romans,
And now it's killing me.


Christmas comes but once a year,
A time for love and laughter;
You can come much more than that,
But you have to clean up after.


Against stupidity the very gods Themselves contend in vain.
		-- Friedrich von Schiller, "The Maid of Orleans", III, 6


Toni's Solution to a Guilt-Free Life:
	If you have to lie to someone, it's their fault.


!07/11 PDP a ni deppart m'I  !pleH


So... did you ever wonder, do garbage men take showers before they
go to work?


Did you hear about the model who sat
on a broken bottle and cut a nice figure?


He has been known by many names;  the Prince of Lies, the Director, Lucifer,
Belial, and once, at a party, some obnoxious drunk kept calling him "Dude".
		-- Stig's Inferno


You are sick, twisted and perverted.
I like that in a person.


Electrocution, n.:
	Burning at the stake with all the modern improvements.


[Prime Minister MacDonald] has the gift of compressing the
largest amount of words into the smallest amount of thought.
		-- Winston Churchill


You are sick, twisted and perverted.
I like that in a person.


Try to relax and enjoy the crisis.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


If I were to walk on water, the press would say I'm only doing it
because I can't swim.
		-- Bob Stanfield


For God's sake, stop researching for a while and begin to think!


Oh, by the way, which one's Pink?
		-- Pink Floyd


You don't have to think too hard when you talk to teachers.
		-- J. D. Salinger


Alex Haley was adopted!


It has been said that Public Relations is the art of winning friends
and getting people under the influence.
		-- Jeremy Tunstall


Come, muse, let us sing of rats!
		-- From a poem by James Grainger (1721-1767)


1. The sport of choice for the low skill level employees is: BASKETBALL.
2. The sport of choice for maintenance level employees is: BOWLING.
3. The sport of choice for front-line workers is: FOOTBALL.
4. The sport of choice for supervisors is: BASEBALL.
5. The sport of choice for middle management is: TENNIS.
6. The sport of choice for corporate officers is: GOLF.

AMAZING CONCLUSION: The higher you are in the corporate structure, the smaller
your balls.


The lights are on,
but you're not home;
Your will
is not your own;
Your heart sweats,
Your teeth grind;
Another kiss
and you'll be mine...

You like to think that you're immune to the stuff
(Oh Yeah!)
It's closer to the truth to say you can't get enough;
You know you're gonna have to face it,
You're addicted to love!"
		-- Robert Palmer


Everyone was born right-handed.
Only the greatest overcome it.


System restarting, wait...


I went to a Grateful Dead Concert and they played for SEVEN hours.
Great song.
		-- Fred Reuss


The only happiness lies in reason; all the rest of the world is dismal.
The highest reason, however, I see in the work of the artist, and he may
experience it as such.  Happiness lies in the swiftness of feeling and
thinking: all the rest of the world is slow, gradual and stupid.  Whoever
could feel the course of a light ray would be very happy, for it is very
swift.  Thinking of oneself gives little happiness.  If, however, one feels
much happiness in this, it is because at bottom one is not thinking of
oneself but of one's ideal.  This is far, and only the swift shall reach
it and are delighted.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


There's nothing like the face of a kid eating a Hershey bar.


Weiler's Law:
	Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it
	himself.


MARTA WAS WATCHING THE FOOTBALL GAME with me when she said, "You know most
of these sports are based on the idea of one group protecting its
territory from invasion by another group."

"Yeah," I said, trying not to laugh.  Girls are funny.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Avoid revolution or expect to get shot.  Mother and I will grieve, but
we will gladly buy a dinner for the National Guardsman who shot you.
		-- Dr. Paul Williamson, father of a Kent State student


QOTD:
	"It's a cold bowl of chili, when love don't work out."


try again


Did you hear about...
	the plastic surgeon who hung himself?


Ronald Reagan -- America's favorite placebo


Kill a commie for Christ!


Q:	What do a blonde and your computer have in common?
A:	You don't know how much either of them mean to you until
	they go down on you.

Q:	What's the advantage to being married to a blonde?
A:	You can park in the handicapped zone.

Q:	Why did the blonde get so excited after she finished her jigsaw
	puzzle in only 6 months?
A:	Because on the box it said "From 2-4 years".


I was in a bar and I walked up to a beautiful woman and said, "Do you live
around here often?"  She said, "You're wearing two different-color socks."
I said, "Yes, but to me they're the same because I go by thickness."
She said, "How do you feel?" And I said, "You know when you're sitting on a
chair and you lean back so you're just on two legs and you lean too far so
you almost fall over but at the last second you catch yourself?  I feel like
that all the time."
		-- Steven Wright, "Gentlemen's Quarterly"


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(12) Freedom is God-given.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


You're being followed.  Cut out the hanky-panky for a few days.


Saturday night in Toledo Ohio,
Is like being nowhere at all,
All through the day how the hours rush by,
You sit in the park and you watch the grass die.
		-- John Denver, "Saturday Night in Toledo Ohio"


Olivier's Law:
	Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.


In the next world, you're on your own.


Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid all together.


I see the eigenvalue in thine eye,
I hear the tender tensor in thy sigh.
Bernoulli would have been content to die
Had he but known such _a-squared cos 2(phi)!
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(20) There is a God.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


If you don't have the time right now,
will you have redo right time later?


Buffy:	No!  You guys are gonna have a prom.  The kind of prom that
	everyone should have.  I'm going to give you all a nice, fun,
	normal evening; if I have to kill every single person on the
	face of the earth to do it!
Xander:	Yay.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Prom"
		   Season 3, Episode 20


What did ya do with your burden and your cross?
Did you carry it yourself or did you cry?
You and I know that a burden and a cross,
Can only be carried on one man's back.
		-- Louden Wainwright III


If you haven't enjoyed the material in the last few lectures then a career
in chartered accountancy beckons.
		-- Advice from the lecturer in the middle of the Stochastic
		   Systems course.


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #12 -- LITHP

	This otherwise unremarkable language, originally developed in San
Francisco, is distinguished by the absence of an "S" in its character set;
users must substitute "TH".  LITHP is thaid to be utheful in protheththing
lithtth.


	In the beginning was the Tao.  The Tao gave birth to Space and Time.
Therefore, Space and Time are the Yin and Yang of programming.

	Programmers that do not comprehend the Tao are always running out of
time and space for their programs.  Programmers that comprehend the Tao always
have enough time and space to accomplish their goals.
	How could it be otherwise?
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


FreeBSD: Have you had your fairings today?


Neglect of duty does not cease, by repetition, to be neglect of duty.
		-- Napoleon


LEVERAGE:
	Even if someone doesn't care what the world thinks
	about them, they always hope their mother doesn't find out.


Little Miss Muffet sat on a tuffet,
Eating her curds and whey.
Along came a spider,
And bit her right in the snatch.


If you make any money, the government shoves you in the creek once a year
with it in your pockets, and all that don't get wet you can keep.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


Olivier's Law:
	Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.


The Official Colorado State Vegetable is now the "state legislator".


Why isn't there a special name for the tops of your feet?
		-- Lily Tomlin


Notes for a ballet, "The Spell": ... Suddenly Sigmund hears the flutter of
wings, and a group of wild swans flies across the moon ... Sigmund is
astounded to see that their leader is part swan and part woman --
unfortunately, divided lengthwise.  She enchants Sigmund, who is careful
not to make any poultry jokes.
		-- Woody Allen


Fortune Documents the Great Legal Decisions:

We can imagine no reason why, with ordinary care, human toes could not be
left out of chewing tobacco, and if toes are found in chewing tobacco, it
seems to us that someone has been very careless.
		-- 78 So. 365


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #14 -- VALGOL

	From its modest beginnings in Southern California's San Fernando
Valley VALGOL is enjoying a dramatic surge of popularity across the
industry.  VALGOL commands include REALLY, LIKE, WELL, and Y*KNOW.
Variables are assigned with the =LIKE and =TOTALLY operators.  Other
operators include the "California booleans", AX and NOWAY.  Loops are
accomplished with the FOR SURE construct.  A simple example:

	LIKE, Y*KNOW(I MEAN)START
	IF PIZZA	=LIKE BITCHEN AND
	GUY		=LIKE TUBULAR AND
	VALLEY GIRL	=LIKE GRODY**MAX(FERSURE)**2
	THEN
		FOR I =LIKE 1 TO OH*MAYBE 100
			DO*WAH - (DITTY**2); BARF(I)=TOTALLY GROSS(OUT)
		SURE
	LIKE, BAG THIS PROGRAM; REALLY; LIKE TOTALLY(Y*KNOW); IM*SURE
	GOTO THE MALL

	VALGOL is also characterized by its unfriendly error messages.  For
example, when the user makes a syntax error, the interpreter displays the
message GAG ME WITH A SPOON!  A successful compile may be termed MAXIMALLY
AWESOME!


Pereant, inquit, qui ante nos nostra dixerunt.
[Confound those who have said our remarks before us.]
or
[May they perish who have expressed our bright ideas before us.]
		-- Aelius Donatus


Why are we importing all these highbrow plays like "Amadeus?"  I could
have told you Mozart was a jerk for nothing.
		-- Ian Shoales


You've been Berkeley'ed!


INDEX:
	Alphabetical list of words of no possible interest where an
	alphabetical list of subjects with references ought to be.


Those lovable Brits department:
	They also have trouble pronouncing `vitamin'.


Ask your boss to reconsider --
It's so difficult to take "Go to hell" for an answer.


	I disapprove of the F-word, not because it's dirty, but because we
use it as a substitute for thoughtful insults, and it frequently leads to
violence.  What we ought to do, when we anger each other, say, in traffic,
is exchange phone numbers, so that later on, when we've had time to think
of witty and learned insults or look them up in the library, we could call
each other up:
     You: Hello?  Bob?
     Bob: Yes?
     You: This is Ed.  Remember?  The person whose parking space you
	  took last Thursday?  Outside of Sears?
     Bob: Oh yes!  Sure!  How are you, Ed?
     You: Fine, thanks.  Listen, Bob, the reason I'm calling is:
	  "Madam, you may be drunk, but I am ugly, and ..."  No, wait.
	  I mean:  "you may be ugly, but I am Winston Churchill
	  and ..."  No, wait.  (Sound of reference book thudding onto
	  the floor.)  S-word.  Excuse me.  Look, Bob, I'm going to
	  have to get back to you.
     Bob: Fine.
		-- Dave Barry, "$#$%#^%!^%&@%@!"


Many a wife thinks her husband is the world's greatest lover.
But she can never catch him at it.


Seems like this guy is hitting up on a woman in a bar.  After assiduously
pursuing her for several minutes, she leans forward and tells him that he's
a nice guy and all that, but, well, that she's a lesbian.  Confused, he asks
her what that means.
	"Well," she replies, "you see that woman at the corner table?"
	"Yeah..."
	"I'd like to walk over to her, and unbottom her blouse."
	"Yeah..."
	"And then I'd like to kiss her and suck on her nipples... and
then I'd like to take off her skirt... and run my hand over her thighs..."
	"Right!  Right!" interrupts the guy.  "I think I'm a lesbian too!"


Oh, by the way, which one's Pink?
		-- Pink Floyd


Q:	How do you stop an elephant from charging?
A:	Take away his credit cards.


If I could read your mind, love,
What a tale your thoughts could tell,
Just like a paperback novel,
The kind the drugstore sells,
When you reach the part where the heartaches come,
The hero would be me,
Heroes often fail,
You won't read that book again, because
	the ending is just too hard to take.

I walk away, like a movie star,
Who gets burned in a three way script,
Enter number two,
A movie queen to play the scene
Of bringing all the good things out in me,
But for now, love, let's be real
I never thought I could act this way,
And I've got to say that I just don't get it,
I don't know where we went wrong but the feeling is gone
And I just can't get it back...
		-- Gordon Lightfoot, "If You Could Read My Mind"


Being a mime means never having to say you're sorry.


Ever wonder why fire engines are red?

Because newspapers are read too.
Two and Two is four.
Four and four is eight.
Eight and four is twelve.
There are twelve inches in a ruler.
Queen Mary was a ruler.
Queen Mary was a ship.
Ships sail the sea.
There are fishes in the sea.
Fishes have fins.
The Fins fought the Russians.
Russians are red.
Fire engines are always rush'n.
Therefore fire engines are red.


Rarely do people communicate; they just take turns talking.


Once upon a time there were three coeds -- a big coed, a medium-sized coed,
and a little, tiny coed.  One night they came home from a dance, and the big
coed said, "Someone's been sleeping in my bed!"
	The medium-sized coed looked in her room and said, "Someone's been
sleeping in my bed!"
	And the little, tiny coed said, "Well, nighty-night, girls!"


I have a dog; I named him Stay.  So when I'd go to call him, I'd say, "Here,
Stay, here..." but he got wise to that.  Now when I call him he ignores me
and just keeps on typing.
		-- Steven Wright


Avoid strange women and temporary variables.


Brooks' Law:
	Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later


Darth Vader sleeps with a Teddywookie.


Teachers have class.


Oh, I don't blame Congress.  If I had $600 billion at my disposal, I'd
be irresponsible, too.
		-- Lichty & Wagner


Many people are secretly interested in life.


Q:	Who cuts the grass on Walton's Mountain?
A:	Lawn Boy.


Give me the avowed, the erect, the manly foe,
Bold I can meet -- perhaps may turn his blow!
But of all plagues, good Heaven, thy wrath can send,
Save me, oh save me from the candid friend.
		-- George Canning


The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement. But the opposite
of a profound truth may well be another profound truth.
		-- Niels Bohr


A word to the wise is enough.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


The herd instinct among economists
makes sheep look like independent thinkers.


Worst Month of 1981 for Downhill Skiing:
	August.  The lift lines are the shortest, though.
		-- Steve Rubenstein


Technicality, n.:
	In an English court a man named Home was tried for slander in
	having accused a neighbor of murder.  His exact words were: "Sir
	Thomas Holt hath taken a cleaver and stricken his cook upon the
	head, so that one side of his head fell on one shoulder and the
	other side upon the other shoulder."  The defendant was
	acquitted by instruction of the court, the learned judges
	holding that the words did not charge murder, for they did not
	affirm the death of the cook, that being only an inference.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


...most of us learned about love the hard way.  Even warnings are probably
useless, for somehow, despite the severest warnings of parents and friends,
hundreds, thousands of women have forgotten themselves at the last minute
and succumbed to the lies, promises, flatteries, or mere attentions of
lusting, lovely men, landing themselves in complicated predicaments from
which some of them never recovered during their entire lives.  And I am not
speaking only of your teenaged Midwesterners in 1958; I'm speaking of women
of every age in every city in every year.  The notorious sexual revolution
has saved no one from the pain and confusion of love.
		-- Alix Kates Shulman


An office party is not, as is sometimes supposed the Managing Director's
chance to kiss the tea-girl.  It is the tea-girl's chance to kiss the
Managing Director (however bizarre an ambition this may seem to anyone
who has seen the Managing Director face on).
		-- Katherine Whitehorn, "Roundabout"


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #19:

Q:  Doctor, how many autopsies have you performed on dead people?
A:  All my autopsies have been performed on dead people.


... and the fully armed nuclear warheads are of course merely a
courtesy detail.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Hear that...
	there's an establishment near the White House that caters to kinky
	tastes?  There's a House whip in attendance, of course?


Hear about...
	the cross-eyed shoe fetishist who was always getting off on the
	wrong foot?


Marriage is a ghastly public confession of a strictly private intention.


A memorandum is written not to inform the reader,
but to protect the writer.
		-- Dean Acheson


The difference between a lawyer and a rooster is that
the rooster gets up in the morning and clucks defiance.


Swerve me?  The path to my fixed purpose is laid with iron rails,
whereon my soul is grooved to run.  Over unsounded gorges, through
the rifled hearts of mountains, under torrents' beds, unerringly
I rush!
		-- Captain Ahab, "Moby Dick"


And we heard him exclaim
As he started to roam:
"I'm a hologram, kids,
please don't try this at home!'"
		-- Bob Violence


White's Statement:
	Don't lose heart!

Owen's Commentary on White's Statement:
	...they might want to cut it out...

Byrd's Addition to Owen's Commentary:
	...and they want to avoid a lengthy search.


Pushing 40 is exercise enough.


One can't proceed from the informal to the formal by formal means.


All people are born alike -- except Republicans and Democrats.
		-- Groucho Marx


I'm not offering myself as an example;
every life evolves by its own laws.


SAGDEEV CALLED ON THE U.S. TO MAKE A RECIPROCAL GESTURE:

	In a recent speech in London, the irrepressible former head of the
Soviet Space Research Institute noted that the Soviet Government has offered
to convert its gigantic Krasnoyarsk radar in Siberia into an international
space research facility in response to U.S. complaints that the radar would
violate the ABM treaty.  Sagdeev suggested that the U.S. reciprocate by
turning the unfinished U.S. embassy in Moscow into a nuclear crisis reduction
center.  The communication system, he pointed out, is already in place.


I have sacrificed time, health, and fortune, in the desire to complete these
Calculating Engines.  I have also declined several offers of great personal
advantage to myself.  But, notwithstanding the sacrifice of these advantages
for the purpose of maturing an engine of almost intellectual power, and
after expending from my own private fortune a larger sum than the government
of England has spent on that machine, the execution of which it only
commenced, I have received neither an acknowledgment of my labors, nor even
the offer of those honors or rewards which are allowed to fall within the
reach of men who devote themselves to purely scientific investigations...
	If the work upon which I have bestowed so much time and thought were
a mere triumph over mechanical difficulties, or simply curious, or if the
execution of such engines were of doubtful practicability or utility, some
justification might be found for the course which has been taken; but I
venture to assert that no mathematician who has a reputation to lose will
ever publicly express an opinion that such a machine would be useless if
made, and that no man distinguished as a civil engineer will venture to
declare the construction of such machinery impracticable...
	And at a period when the progress of physical science is obstructed
by that exhausting intellectual and manual labor, indispensable for its
advancement, which it is the object of the Analytical Engine to relieve, I
think the application of machinery in aid of the most complicated and abstruse
calculations can no longer be deemed unworthy of the attention of the country.
In fact, there is no reason why mental as well as bodily labor should not
be economized by the aid of machinery.
		-- Charles Babbage, "The Life of a Philosopher"


I know you believe you understand what you think this fortune says,
but I'm not sure you realize that what you are reading is not what
it means.


If you wish to be happy for one hour, get drunk.
If you wish to be happy for three days, get married.
If you wish to be happy for a month, kill your pig and eat it.
If you wish to be happy forever, learn to fish.
		-- Chinese proverb


The day-to-day travails of the IBM programmer are so amusing to most of us
who are fortunate enough never to have been one -- like watching Charlie
Chaplin trying to cook a shoe.


Beware of mathematicians and all those who make empty prophecies.  The
danger already exists that the mathematicians have made covenant with
the devil to darken the spirit and to confine man in the bonds of hell.
		-- St. Augustine


Illinois isn't exactly the land that God forgot:
it's more like the land He's trying to ignore.


QOTD:
	"On a scale of 1 to 10 I'd say...  oh, somewhere in there."


When arguments fail, use a blackjack.
		-- Edward "Spike" O'Donnell, Al Capone associate


