FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#6

Bathrooms:
	A man has six items in his bathroom -- a toothbrush, toothpaste,
shaving cream, razor, a bar of Dial soap, and a towel from the Holiday Inn.
The average number of items in the typical woman's bathroom is 437.  A man
would not be able to identify most of these items.

Groceries:
	A woman makes a list of things she needs and then goes to the store
and buys these things.  A man waits 'til the only items left in his fridge
are half a lime and a Blue Ribbon.  Then he goes grocery shopping.  He buys
everything that looks good.  By the time a man reaches the checkout counter,
his cart is packed tighter that the Clampett's car on Beverly Hillbillies.
Of course, this will not stop him from entering the 10-items-or-less lane.


The warning message we sent the Russians was a
calculated ambiguity that would be clearly understood.
		-- Alexander Haig


Roses are red;
	Violets are blue.
I'm schizophrenic,
	And so am I.


Wedding, n.:
	A ceremony at which two persons undertake to become one, one
	undertakes to become nothing and nothing undertakes to become
	supportable.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Marriage is not merely sharing the fettuccine, but sharing the
burden of finding the fettuccine restaurant in the first place.
		-- Calvin Trillin


The New England Journal of Medicine reports that 9 out of 10
doctors agree that 1 out of 10 doctors is an idiot.


Fortune Documents the Great Legal Decisions:

It is a rule of evidence deduced from the experience of mankind and
supported by reason and authority that positive testimony is entitled to
more weight than negative testimony, but by the latter term is meant
negative testimony in its true sense and not positive evidence of a
negative, because testimony in support of a negative may be as positive
as that in support of an affirmative.
		-- 254 Pac. Rep. 472


Things worth having are worth cheating for.


It's lucky you're going so slowly, because
you're going in the wrong direction.


Don't wake me up too soon...
Gonna take a ride across the moon...
You and me.


Ooops.  Gotta run.  My dog wants sex.  Later.


In California they don't throw their garbage away -- they make
it into television shows.
		-- Woody Allen, "Annie Hall"


K:	Cobalt's metal, hard and shining;
	Cobol's wordy and confining;
	KOBOLDS topple when you strike them;
	Don't feel bad, it's hard to like them.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC


Imitation is the sincerest form of television.
		-- Fred Allen


I dote on his very absence.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"


The rain it raineth on the just
And also on the unjust fella:
But chiefly on the just, because
The unjust steals the just's umbrella.
		-- Lord Bowen


It's not easy being green.
		-- Kermit


If you eat a live frog in the morning, nothing worse will happen to
either of you for the rest of the day.


Wouldn't this be a great world if being insecure and desperate were
a turn-on?
		-- "Broadcast News"


	Human thinking can skip over a great deal, leap over small
misunderstandings, can contain ifs and buts in untroubled corners of
the mind. But the machine has no corners. Despite all the attempts to
see the computer as a brain, the machine has no foreground or
background. It can be programmed to behave as if it were working with
uncertainty, but -- underneath, at the code, at the circuits -- it
cannot simultaneously do something and withhold for later something that
remains unknown. In the painstaking working out of the specification,
line by code line, the programmer confronts an awful, inevitable truth:
The ways of human and machine understanding are disjunct.
		-- Ellen Ullman, "Close to the Machine"


Beer & Pretzels -- Breakfast of Champions.


Come live with me and be my love,
And we will some new pleasures prove
Of golden sands and crystal brooks
With silken lines, and silver hooks.
There's nothing that I wouldn't do
If you would be my POSSLQ.

You live with me, and I with you,
And you will be my POSSLQ.
I'll be your friend and so much more;
That's what a POSSLQ is for.

And everything we will confess;
Yes, even to the IRS.
Some day on what we both may earn,
Perhaps we'll file a joint return.
You'll share my pad, my taxes, joint;
You'll share my life - up to a point!
And that you'll be so glad to do,
Because you'll be my POSSLQ.


There once was a Sailor who looked through a glass
And spied a fair mermaid with scales on her... island.
Where seagulls flew over their nest.
She combed the long hair which hung over her... shoulders.
And caused her to tickle and itch.
The sailor cried out "There's a beautiful... mermaid.
A sittin' out there on the rocks."
The crew came a running, all grabbing their... glasses.
And crowded four deep to the rail.
All eager to share in this fine piece of... news.
...
"Throw out a line and we'll lasso her... flippers.
And soon we will certainly find
If mermaids are better before or be... brave
My dear fellows," The captain cried out.
And cursing with spleen.
This song may be dull, but it's certainly clean.
		-- "The Clean Song", Oscar Brandt


"God is as real as I am," the old man said.  My faith was restored, for
I knew that Santa would never lie.


Dreams are free, but you get soaked on the connect time.


Acid -- better living through chemistry.


The price of greatness is responsibility.


Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?


Victory uber allies!


Did it ever occur to you that fat chance
and slim chance mean the same thing?


The use of money is all the advantage there is to having money.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


I would like to say, Mister Bunce,
I'm a great connoisseur of hot cunts.
	And in all my lewd life
	I've met none like your wife,
So why leave her to me, you big dunce?


Old mail has arrived.


Now's the time to have some big ideas
Now's the time to make some firm decisions
We saw the Buddha in a bar down south
Talking politics and nuclear fission
We see him and he's all washed up --
Moving on into the body of a beetle
Getting ready for a long long crawl
He ain't nothing -- he ain't nothing at all...

Death and Money make their point once more
In the shape of Philosophical assassins
Mark and Danny take the bus uptown
Deadly angels for reality and passion
Have the courage of the here and now
Don't taking nothing from the half-baked buddhas
When you think you got it paid in full
You got nothing -- you got nothing at all...
	We're on the road and we're gunning for the Buddha.
	We know his name and he mustn't get away.
	We're on the road and we're gunning for the Buddha.
	It would take one shot -- to blow him away...
		-- Shriekback, "Gunning for the Buddha"


There are no winners in life, only survivors.


Niklaus Wirth has lamented that, whereas Europeans pronounce his
name correctly (Ni-klows Virt), Americans invariably mangle it into
(Nick-les Worth).  Which is to say that Europeans call him by name,
but Americans call him by value.


If you find for your verse there's no call,
And you can't afford paper at all,
	For the true poet born,
	However forlorn,
There is always the lavat'ry wall.


Excerpt from a DEC field service document:

....
- none of these should have made it to customers.  BUT you could loosen the
screws and lift system board at fan end while powering on to see if OCP
comes up - this is not recommended unless you have three hands.


MATH AND ALCOHOL DON'T MIX!
	Please, don't drink and derive.

	Mathematicians
	Against
	Drunk
	Deriving


To create quality software, the ability to say no is usually far
more important than the ability to say yes.
		-- Michi Henning


When we are planning for posterity,
we ought to remember that virtue is not hereditary.
		-- Thomas Paine


There was an old Indian belief that by making love on the hide of
their favorite animal, one could guarantee the health and prosperity
of the offspring conceived thereupon.  And so it goes that one Indian
couple made love on a buffalo hide.  Nine months later, they were
blessed with a healthy baby son.  Yet another couple huddled together
on the hide of a deer and they too were blessed with a very healthy
baby son.  But a third couple, whose favorite animal was a hippopotamus,
were blessed with not one, but TWO very healthy baby sons at the conclusion
of the nine month interval.  All of which proves the old theorem that:
The sons of the squaw of the hippopotamus are equal to the sons of
the squaws of the other two hides.


Katz' Law:
	Men and nations will act rationally when
	all other possibilities have been exhausted.

History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have
exhausted all other alternatives.
		-- Abba Eban


Why did the Roman Empire collapse?  What is the Latin for office
automation?


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Man:

 1. A beer NEVER leaves the toilet seat up.
 2. A beer lasts longer than seven seconds.
 3. A beer doesn't want to watch pro wrestling.
 4. A beer won't expect you to cook dinner when you're not hungry.
 5. A beer will never leave dirty socks on the floor.
 6. A beer doesn't mind when your mother visits.
 7. A beer does as many chores as a man, with a LOT less complaining.
 8. A beer won't leave you for a younger woman.
 9. A beer won't leave you for a younger man either.
10. A beer won't tease you because you once liked Barry Manilow.


Power tends to corrupt, absolute power corrupts absolutely.
		-- Lord Acton


I've been told that it's far more sensuous to have a woman leave something
on rather than being totally nude.  Myself, I've always felt that the lights
were more than enough.


Macho does not prove mucho.
		-- Zsa Zsa Gabor


I have defined the hundred per cent American as ninety-nine per
cent an idiot.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


A man of genius makes no mistakes.
His errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery.
		-- James Joyce, "Ulysses"


Any time things appear to be going better, you have overlooked
something.


Schapiro's Explanation:
	The grass is always greener on the other side --
	but that's because they use more manure.


(6)	Men employees will be given time off each week for courting
	purposes, or two evenings a week if they go regularly to church.
(7)	After an employee has spent his thirteen hours of labor in the
	office, he should spend the remaining time reading the Bible
	and other good books.
(8)	Every employee should lay aside from each pay packet a goodly
	sum of his earnings for his benefit during his declining years,
	so that he will not become a burden on society or his betters.
(9)	Any employee who smokes Spanish cigars, uses alcoholic drink
	in any form, frequents pool tables and public halls, or gets
	shaved in a barber's shop, will give me good reason to suspect
	his worth, intentions, integrity and honesty.
(10)	The employee who has performed his labours faithfully and
	without a fault for five years, will be given an increase of
	five cents per day in his pay, providing profits from the
	business permit it.
		-- "Office Worker's Guide", New England Carriage
		    Works, 1872


Nonsense.  Space is blue and birds fly through it.
		-- Heisenberg


Fun experiments:
	Get a can of shaving cream, throw it in a freezer for about a week.
	Then take it out, peel the metal off and put it where you want...
	bedroom, car, etc.  As it thaws, it expands an unbelievable amount.


Once again, we come to the Holiday Season, a deeply religious time that
each of us observes, in his own way, by going to the mall of his
choice.

In the old days, it was not called the Holiday Season; the Christians
called it "Christmas" and went to church; the Jews called it "Hanukkah"
and went to synagogue; the atheists went to parties and drank.  People
passing each other on the street would say "Merry Christmas!" or "Happy
Hanukkah!" or (to the atheists) "Look out for the wall!"
		-- Dave Barry, "Christmas Shopping: A Survivor's Guide"


Q:	What's buried in Grant's tomb?
A:	A corpse.


Eternity is a terrible thought.  I mean, where's it going to end?
		-- Tom Stoppard


You are sick, twisted and perverted.
I like that in a person.


To use violence is to already be defeated.
		-- Chinese proverb


I disagree with what you say, but will defend
to the death your right to tell such LIES!


Remember Darwin; building a better
mousetrap merely results in smarter mice.


Future will arrive by its own means.  Progress not so.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


If you have nothing to do, don't do it here.


The office brown-noser named Bunky
Would claim he was nobody's flunky.
	But when the chips were all down,
	His proboscis was brown,
And there hung many strands which were gunky.


Pessimist, n.:
	A man who spends all his time worrying about how he can keep the
	wolf from the door.

Optimist, n.:
	A man who refuses to see the wolf until he seizes the seat of
	his pants.

Opportunist, n.:
	A man who invites the wolf in and appears the next day in a fur coat.


The Great Movie Posters:

SCENES THAT WILL STAGGER YOUR SIGHT!
-- DANCING CALLED GO-GO
-- MUSIC CALLED JU-JU
-- NARCOTICS CALLED BANGI!
-- FIRES OF PUBERTY!
	SEE the burning of a virgin!
	SEE power of witch doctor over women!
	SEE pygmies with fantastic Physical Endowments!!!
		-- Kwaheri (1965)

The Big Comedy of Nineteen-Sexty-Sex!
		-- Boeing-Boeing (1965)

AN ASTRONAUT WENT UP-
A "GUESS WHAT" CAME DOWN!
	The picture that comes complete with a 10-foot tall monster to
give you the wim-wams!
		-- Monster a Go-Go (1965)


She can kill all your files;
She can freeze with a frown.
And a wave of her hand brings the whole system down.
And she works on her code until ten after three.
She lives like a bat but she's always a hacker to me.
		-- Apologies to Billy Joel


CAPRICORN (Dec 23 - Jan 19)
	You are conservative and afraid of taking risks.  You don't do
	much of anything and are lazy.  There has never been a Capricorn
	of any importance.  Capricorns should avoid standing still for
	too long as they tend to take root and become trees.


I always choose my friends for their good looks and my enemies for their
good intellects.  Man cannot be too careful in his choice of enemies.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Picture of Dorian Gray"


Shouted Frosty the Snowman "Hooray!
I'm agog with excitement today!
	And the reason of course,
	A reliable source,
Said the snow blower's heading this way!"


In the eyes of my dog, I'm a man.
		-- Martin Mull


If I had a plantation in Georgia and a home in Hell,
I'd sell the plantation and go home.
		-- Eugene P. Gallagher


Save the bales!


You are going to have a new love affair.


Food for thought is no substitute for the real thing.
		-- Walt Kelly, "Potluck Pogo"


To err is human, to forgive, infrequent.


That girl could suck the chrome off a bumper.


God save us from a bad neighbor and a beginner on the fiddle.


Religion is a crutch, but that's okay... humanity is a cripple.


QOTD:
	"It's not the despair... I can stand the despair.  It's the hope."


Don't relax!  It's only your tension that's holding you together.


Microbiology Lab:  Staph Only!


Gary Hart's biggest mistake was not getting Teddy Kennedy to drive
Donna Rice home.


DATA:
	Computerspeak for "information".  Properly pronounced
	the way Bostonians pronounce the word for a female child.


It is very vulgar to talk like a dentist when one isn't a dentist.
It produces a false impression.
		-- Oscar Wilde


	On the occasion of Nero's 25th birthday, he arrived at the Colosseum
to find that the Praetorian Guard had prepared a treat for him in the arena.
There stood 25 naked virgins, like candles on a cake, tied to poles, burning
alive.  "Wonderful!" exclaimed the deranged emperor, "but one of them isn't
dead yet.  I can see her lips moving.  Go quickly and find out what she is
saying."
	The centurion saluted, and hurried out to the virgin, getting as near
the flames as he dared, and listened intently.  Then he turned and ran back
to the imperial box.  "She is not talking," he reported to Nero, "she is
singing."
	"Singing?" said the astounded emperor.  "Singing what?"
	"Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you..."


I suggest you locate your hot tub outside your house, so it won't do
too much damage if it catches fire or explodes.  First you decide which
direction your hot tub should face for maximum solar energy.  After
much trial and error, I have found that the best direction for a hot
tub to face is up.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


There are more ways of killing a cat than choking her with cream.


Drop that pickle!


Wagner's music is better than it sounds.
		-- Mark Twain


Parallel lines never meet, unless you bend one or both of them.


	"What was the worst thing you've ever done?"
	"I won't tell you that, but I'll tell you the worst thing that
ever happened to me... the most dreadful thing."
		-- Peter Straub, "Ghost Story"


A fool-proof method for sculpting an elephant: first, get a huge block
of marble; then you chip away everything that doesn't look like an elephant.


In the plot, people came to the land; the land loved them; they worked and
struggled and had lots of children.  There was a Frenchman who talked funny
and a greenhorn from England who was a fancy-pants but when it came to the
crunch he was all courage.  Those novels would make you retch.
		-- Canadian novelist Robertson Davies, on the generic Canadian
		   novel.


This guy was screwing his neighbors wife when a car pulls into the drive.
"My husband!" she screams.  He panics and jumps out the window. He finds
himself on the street, naked, under cloudy skies. There is no place to hide
except in a crowd of joggers.  As he runs along, a woman looks over and says,
	"Do you always jog in the nude?"
	"Yes ma'am!" he replies.
	"Does it always result in that kind of sexual excitement?" she asks.
	"Yes ma'am!" he replies.
	"Do you always wear a condom?"
	"Only when it rains, lady.  Only when it rains."


Like corn in a field I cut you down,
I threw the last punch way too hard,
After years of going steady, well, I thought it was time,
To throw in my hand for a new set of cards.
And I can't take you dancing out on the weekend,
I figured we'd painted too much of this town,
And I tried not to look as I walked to my wagon,
And I knew then I had lost what should have been found,
I knew then I had lost what should have been found.
	And I feel like a bullet in the gun of Robert Ford
	I'm as low as a paid assassin is
	You know I'm cold as a hired sword.
	I'm so ashamed we can't patch it up,
	You know I can't think straight no more
	You make me feel like a bullet, honey,
		a bullet in the gun of Robert Ford.
		-- Elton John "I Feel Like a Bullet"


A man always remembers his first love with special
tenderness, but after that begins to bunch them.
		-- H. L. Mencken


You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.


I don't mind arguing with myself.
It's when I lose that it bothers me.
		-- Richard Powers


Have you flogged your kid today?


Didja hear about the dyslexic devil worshiper who sold his soul to Santa?


On a paper submitted by a physicist colleague:

This isn't right.  This isn't even wrong.
		-- Wolfgang Pauli


Being a mime means never having to say you're sorry.


As my dear auntie used to say, "Love makes the world go 'round, but sex
makes the ride fun."


Is knowledge knowable?  If not, how do we know that?


I choked Linda Lovelace.


	There was once a programmer who was attached to the court of the
warlord of Wu.  The warlord asked the programmer: "Which is easier to design:
an accounting package or an operating system?"
	"An operating system," replied the programmer.
	The warlord uttered an exclamation of disbelief.  "Surely an
accounting package is trivial next to the complexity of an operating
system," he said.
	"Not so," said the programmer, "when designing an accounting package,
the programmer operates as a mediator between people having different ideas:
how it must operate, how its reports must appear, and how it must conform to
tax laws.  By contrast, an operating system is not limited by outward
appearances.  When designing an operating system, the programmer seeks the
simplest harmony between machine and ideas.  This is why an operating system
is easier to design."
	The warlord of Wu nodded and smiled.  "That is all good and well,"
he said, "but which is easier to debug?"
	The programmer made no reply.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


The United States Army; 194 years of proud service, unhampered by progress.


	Chapter VIII
Due to the convergence of forces beyond his comprehension,
Salvatore Quanucci was suddenly squirted out of the universe
like a watermelon seed, and never heard from again.


Dying is a very dull, dreary affair.  My advice to you is to have
nothing whatever to do with it.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham, his last words


	The old mailman is making his last rounds; he retires at the end of
the week.  As he approaches the Jones' house, Mrs. Jones greets him warmly at
the door.  "Please come in!  We're very grateful for your years of service to
us and our neighborhood.  I've prepared something special for you."
	In walks the mailman, to a graciously appointed dining room, where
Mrs. Jones has prepared a sumptuous lunch.  After dumping his letter satchel
on the couch, he and Mrs. Jones have a charming meal.  As the mailman finished
his last glass of wine, thanking his hostess profusely, she stops him from
leaving and disappears upstairs.  She returns in a moment, in a daring
negligee, and takes the astonished postman to the bedroom, where the elaborate
farewell is consummated between the sheets.
	As he's putting his pants on, Mrs. Jones reaches into her nightstand,
pulls out a dollar bill, and hands it to him.  Reacting to his astonished
look, she says, "Well, I told my husband that you were retiring and that
we should do something for you.  He said 'Fuck him.  Give him a dollar!'"
She pauses and smiles proudly. "The lunch was MY idea."


	A hard-luck actor who appeared in one colossal disaster after another
finally got a break, a broken leg to be exact.  Someone pointed out that it's
the first time the poor fellow's been in the same cast for more than a week.


It is not good for a man to be without knowledge,
and he who makes haste with his feet misses his way.
		-- Proverbs 19:2


A good memory does not equal pale ink.


What I've done, of course, is total garbage.
		-- R. Willard, Pure Math 430a


QOTD:
	"My mother was the travel agent for guilt trips."


After cocktails in the Oak Room, the graying millionaire took the blond,
attractive, wholesome, winning young woman up to his suite.  They chatted
for a while, and then kissed on the couch.  A little fondling, some feeling
and petting ... to which the young lady lent herself shyly ... and then they
were in the wide, cool bed, naked together.  They chatted more, established
a communion, a rapport the older man considered remarkably gratifying.  The
girl seemed sympatico, innocent, good.
	"Yes, that was it," he thought, "essentially good.  Why, she could
be my own daughter."  He smiled into the young girl's deep blue eyes.
	"Tell me," he asked, his hand on her breast, "What's a nice girl
like you doing in a hotel like this?"
	"Oh, about $2000 a week, with tips."


	A ranger was walking through the forest and encountered a hunter
carrying a shotgun and a dead loon.  "What in the world do you think you're
doing?  Don't you know that the loon is on the endangered species list?"
	Instead of answering, the hunter showed the ranger his game bag,
which contained twelve more loons.
	"Why would you shoot loons?", the ranger asked.
	"Well, my family eats them and I sell the plumage."
	"What's so special about a loon?  What does it taste like?"
	"Oh, somewhere between an American Bald Eagle and a Trumpeter Swan."


A wizard cannot do everything; a fact most magicians are reticent to admit,
let alone discuss with prospective clients.  Still, the fact remains that
there are certain objects, and people, that are, for one reason or another,
completely immune to any direct magical spell.  It is for this group of
beings that the magician learns the subtleties of using indirect spells.
It also does no harm, in dealing with these matters, to carry a large club
near your person at all times.
		-- The Teachings of Ebenezum, Volume VIII


When all else fails, EAT!!!


Paycheck, n.:
	The weekly $5.27 that remains after deductions for federal
	withholding, state withholding, city withholding, FICA,
	medical/dental, long-term disability, unemployment insurance,
	Christmas Club, and payroll savings plan contributions.


When a man knows he is to be hanged in a fortnight,
it concentrates his mind wonderfully.
		-- Samuel Johnson


I have never seen anything fill up a vacuum so fast and still suck.
		-- Rob Pike, on X

Steve Jobs said two years ago that X is brain-damaged and it will be
gone in two years.  He was half right.
		-- Dennis M. Ritchie

Dennis Ritchie is twice as bright as Steve Jobs, and only half wrong.
		-- Jim Gettys


The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness.
		-- John Muir


Well, it's hard for a mere man to believe that woman doesn't have equal
rights.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


There's no trick to being a humorist when you have the whole government
working for you.
		-- Will Rogers


A drunk was sitting at the end of the bar in a popular singles' place,
watching a young, good-looking man working his way through the women.  The
guy didn't appear to be having much luck, and he was only spending a few
moments with each woman.  As he worked his way closer, while he couldn't
hear what the young man was saying, he realized that the women were somewhat
shocked at his approach.  Finally, the man approaches a pretty brunette and
they hit it off immediately.  After a bit of quiet conversation, she handed
the young man her hotel key and they started off for the elevators.  As they
passed the drunk, he stopped the lucky one and asked him what his method was.
	"Well," the man replied, "It's simple.  You say 'Tickle your ass
with a feather?'  If she sounds interested, you take it from there.  If she
sounds angry, you smile and say 'Typically nasty weather.'"
	The drunk says "Ohhhhh, got it, I got it!" and walks over to a woman
at the end of the bar to try out his new approach.  Getting her attention,
he smiles and says "Fuck me!"
	"What?!?!?" she screams.
	"Raining like hell, isn't it?"


	A shy teenage boy finally worked up the nerve to give a gift to
Madonna, a young puppy.  It hitched its waggin' to a star.
	A girl spent a couple hours on the phone talking to her two best
friends, Maureen Jones, and Maureen Brown.  When asked by her father why she
had been on the phone so long, she responded "I heard a funny story today
and I've been telling it to the Maureens."
	Three actors, Tom, Fred, and Cec, wanted to do the jousting scene
from Don Quixote for a local TV show.  "I'll play the title role," proposed
Tom.  "Fred can portray Sancho Panza, and Cecil B. De Mille."


The probability of someone watching you is directly
proportional to the stupidity of your action.


Here's to the woman beautiful and divine
she flowers every month bears fruit every nine
she's the only creature 'tween heaven and hell
can get the juice from a nut without cracking the shell.


If in doubt, mumble.


ACADEMY:
	A modern school where football is taught.
INSTITUTE:
	An archaic school where football is not taught.


Attractive bisexual young woman seeks same for high mellow times.


I'm also inclined to believe that if you wait long enough, you will
eventually have more than 255 of almost *anything*....
		-- A. Lyman Chapin


ORAL CONTRACEPTIVE:
	The word "No".


You're growing out of some of your problems,
but there are others that you're growing into.


Immanuel doesn't pun, he Kant.


You will be married within a year, and divorced within two.


The randy old Bey of Algiers
Who'd confined his cock-poking to queers,
	Tried a cunt for a change,
	And remarked: "It felt strange ...
Just think what I've missed all these years!"


I pledge allegiance to the flag
of the United States of America
and to the republic for which it stands,
one nation,
indivisible,
with liberty
and justice for all.
		-- Francis Bellamy, 1892


We know next to nothing about virtually everything.  It is not necessary
to know the origin of the universe; it is necessary to want to know.
Civilization depends not on any particular knowledge, but on the disposition
to crave knowledge.
		-- George Will


Your fault - core dumped


	Churchill was given to reading in the bathtub and, while staying at
the White House, he once became so engrossed in an account of the Battle of
Fonteney that he forgot President Roosevelt was due to drop by to discuss the
upcoming conference in Yalta.  At the appointed hour, the President was
wheeled into Churchill's quarters only to be informed that the Prime Minister
had not finished bathing.  Roosevelt was about to apologize for the intrusion
and depart when Churchill, puffing his customary cigar, strode into the room
stark naked and greeted the nonplussed world leader with a terse, "What are
you staring at, homo?"
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


Callgirl, n.:
	A negotiable blond.


	Graduating seniors, parents and friends...
	Let me begin by reassuring you that my remarks today will stand up
to the most stringent requirements of the new appropriateness.
	The intra-college sensitivity advisory committee has vetted the
text of even trace amounts of subconscious racism, sexism and classism.
	Moreover, a faculty panel of deconstructionists have reconfigured
the rhetorical components within a post-structuralist framework, so as to
expunge any offensive elements of western rationalism and linear logic.
	Finally, all references flowing from a white, male, eurocentric
perspective have been eliminated, as have any other ruminations deemed
denigrating to the political consensus of the moment.

	Thank you and good luck.
		-- Doonesbury, the University Chancellor's graduation speech.


It's amazing how much better you feel once you've given up hope.


	"Then what is magic for?" Prince Lir demanded wildly.  "What use is
wizardry if it cannot save a unicorn?"  He gripped the magician's shoulder
hard, to keep from falling.
	Schmendrick did not turn his head.  With a touch of sad mockery in
his voice, he said, "That's what heroes are for."
...
	"Yes, of course," he [Prince Lir] said.  "That is exactly what heroes
are for.  Wizards make no difference, so they say that nothing does, but
heroes are meant to die for unicorns."
		-- P. Beagle, "The Last Unicorn"


A University without students is like an ointment without a fly.
		-- Ed Nather, professor of astronomy at UT Austin


A real gentleman never takes bases unless he really has to.
		-- Overheard in an algebra lecture


The VFW represents many who died to give this country a second chance
to make it what it is supposed to be -- God's guest house on earth.
		-- John Wayne


All great discoveries are made by mistake.
		-- Young


Some people cause happiness wherever
they go; others, whenever they go.


Love is blind but desire doesn't give a good goddam.
		-- James Thurber


Nirvana?  That's the place where the powers
that be and their friends hang out.
		-- Zonker Harris


QOTD:
	"I haven't come far enough, and don't call me baby."


QOTD:
	"It *was* wonderfully polite of me.  Usually I call the kind of
	cretinous dipshit that pisses me off a 'fucking asshole.'"
		-- Richard Sexton


The UNIX philosophy basically involves giving you enough rope to
hang yourself.  And then a couple of feet more, just to be sure.


The three faithful things in life are money, a dog and an old woman.


Whoever dies with the most toys wins.


The one charm of marriage is that it makes a life of deception a necessity.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Excessive login or logout messages are a sure sign of senility.


The computing field is always in need of new cliches.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


Programming is an unnatural act.


/earth: file system full.


	A man walked into a bar with his alligator and asked the bartender,
"Do you serve lawyers here?".
	"Sure do," replied the bartender.
	"Good," said the man.  "Give me a beer, and I'll have a lawyer for
my 'gator."


Q:	How many Bell Labs Vice Presidents does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	That's proprietary information.  Answer available from AT&T on payment
	of license fee (binary only).


The correct way to punctuate a sentence that starts: "Of course it is
none of my business, but --" is to place a period after the word "but."
Don't use excessive force in supplying such a moron with a period.
Cutting his throat is only a momentary pleasure and is bound to get you
talked about.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"


Poorman's Rule:
	When you pull a plastic garbage bag from its handy dispenser
	package, you always get hold of the closed end and try to
	pull it open.


Nothing is ever a total loss; it can always serve as a bad example.


Science is facts; just as houses are made of stones, so is science made
of facts; but a pile of stones is not a house and a collection of facts
is not necessarily science.
		-- Jules Henri Poincar'e


In matters of principle, stand like a rock;
in matters of taste, swim with the current.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


I disagree with what you say, but will defend
to the death your right to tell such LIES!


There are three possible parts to a date, of which at least two must be
offered: entertainment, food, and affection.  It is customary to begin
a series of dates with a great deal of entertainment, a moderate amount
of food, and the merest suggestion of affection.  As the amount of
affection increases, the entertainment can be reduced proportionately.
When the affection IS the entertainment, we no longer call it dating.
Under no circumstances can the food be omitted.
		-- Miss Manners' Guide to Excruciatingly Correct Behavior


