What, after all, is a halo?  It's only one more thing to keep clean.
		-- Christopher Fry


What does it take for Americans to do great things; to go to the moon, to
win wars, to dig canals linking oceans, to build railroads across a continent?
In independent thought about this question, Neil Armstrong and I concluded
that it takes a coincidence of four conditions, or in Neil's view, the
simultaneous peaking of four of the many cycles of American life.  First, a
base of technology must exist from which to do the thing to be done.  Second,
a period of national uneasiness about America's place in the scheme of human
activities must exist.  Third, some catalytic event must occur that focuses
the national attention upon the direction to proceed.  Finally, an articulate
and wise leader must sense these first three conditions and put forth with
words and action the great thing to be accomplished.  The motivation of young
Americans to do what needs to be done flows from such a coincidence of
conditions. ...  The Thomas Jeffersons, The Teddy Roosevelts, The John
Kennedys appear.  We must begin to create the tools of leadership which they,
and their young frontiersmen, will require to lead us onward and upward.
		-- Dr. Harrison H. Schmidt


Don't everyone thank me at once!
		-- Han Solo


It is difficult to produce a television documentary that is both
incisive and probing when every twelve minutes one is interrupted by
twelve dancing rabbits singing about toilet paper.
		-- Rod Serling


I have lots of things in my pockets;
None of them is worth anything.
Sociopolitical whines aside,
Gan you give me, gratis, free,
The price of half a gallon
Of Gallo extra bad
And most of the bus fare home.


Join the Navy; sail to far-off exotic lands,
meet exciting interesting people, and kill them.


Tuesday After Lunch is the cosmic time of the week.


There is very little future in being right when your boss is wrong.


How do you explain school to a higher intelligence?
		-- Elliot, "E.T."


Excellent time to become a missing person.


In case of fire, yell "FIRE!"


We're happy little Vegemites,
	As bright as bright can be.
We all enjoy our Vegemite
	For breakfast, lunch and tea.


If you find for your verse there's no call,
And you can't afford paper at all,
	For the true poet born,
	However forlorn,
There is always the lavat'ry wall.


Anya:	Look, I know you find me attractive, I've seen you looking
	at my breasts.
Xander:	Nothing personal, but when a guy does that it just means
	his eyes are open.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Prom"
		   Season 3, Episode 20


At the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will find
at least two human errors, including the error of blaming it on the computer.


Sodomy is a pain in the ass.


Type louder, please.


It is so stupid of modern civilization to have given up believing in the
devil when he is the only explanation of it.
		-- Ronald Knox, "Let Dons Delight"


Those of you who think you know everything are very annoying to those
of us who do.


sillema sillema nika su
[translation: look it up...hint-fin]


prototype, n.
	First stage in the life cycle of a computer product, followed by
	pre-alpha, alpha, beta, release version, corrected release version,
	upgrade, corrected upgrade, etc.  Unlike its successors, the
	prototype is not expected to work.


Burn's Hog Weighing Method:
	(1) Get a perfectly symmetrical plank and balance it across a
	    sawhorse.
	(2) Put the hog on one end of the plank.
	(3) Pile rocks on the other end until the plank is again
	    perfectly balanced.
	(4) Carefully guess the weight of the rocks.
		-- Robert Burns


Objects are lost only because people
look where they are not rather than where they are.


You just know when a relationship is about to end.  My girlfriend called me
at work and asked me how you change a lightbulb in the bathroom.  "It's very
simple," I said. "You start by filling up the bathtub with water..."


To iterate is human, to recurse, divine.
		-- Robert Heller


QOTD:
	"I used to get high on life but lately I've built up a resistance."


	"Hmm, lots of people seem to be confused about the difference
between amd64 and ia64."
	"Obviously they've never had an ia64 drop on their foot.  They'd
know the difference then."
		-- Peter Wemm explains CPU architecture


Bounders get bound when they are caught bounding.
		-- Ralph Lewin


Your aim is high and to the right.


May all the boys you fall in love with fall in love with boys themselves.


Police:	Good evening, are you the host?
Host:	No.
Police:	We've been getting complaints about this party.
Host:	About the drugs?
Police:	No.
Host:	About the guns, then?  Is somebody complaining about the guns?
Police:	No, the noise.
Host:	Oh, the noise.  Well that makes sense because there are no guns
	or drugs here.  (An enormous explosion is heard in the
	background.)  Or fireworks.  Who's complaining about the noise?
	The neighbors?
Police:	No, the neighbors fled inland hours ago.  Most of the recent
	complaints have come from Pittsburgh.  Do you think you could
	ask the host to quiet things down?
Host:	No Problem.  (At this point, a Volkswagen bug with primitive
	religious symbols drawn on the doors emerges from the living
	room and roars down the hall, past the police and onto the
	lawn, where it smashes into a tree.  Eight guests tumble out
	onto the grass, moaning.)  See?  Things are starting to wind
	down.


Phone call for chucky-pooh.


The absence of labels [in ECL] is probably a good thing.
		-- T. Cheatham


Be careful!  UGLY strikes 9 out of 10!


A motion to adjourn is always in order.


The White Rabbit put on his spectacles.
	"Where shall I begin, please your Majesty?" he asked.
	"Begin at the beginning," the King said, very gravely,
"and go on till you come to the end: then stop."
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


To err is human, to repent, divine, to persist, devilish.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Children seldom misquote you.  In fact, they usually
repeat word for word what you shouldn't have said.


Man is by nature a political animal.
		-- Aristotle


He who renders warfare fatal to all engaged in it will
be the greatest benefactor the world has yet known.
		-- Sir Richard Burton


	While serving as a subaltern in the Boer War, the young Churchill was
asked by a superior officer to give his opinion of the Boers as soldiers.
 "They're assholes, sir," he ventured, then paused briefly and added, with a
whimsical smile, "They're assholes."
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


Rule #1:
	The Boss is always right.

Rule #2:
	If the Boss is wrong, see Rule #1.


It is not enough that I should succeed.  Others must fail.
		-- Ray Kroc, founder of McDonald's
		   [Also attributed to David Merrick.  Ed.]

It is not enough to succeed.  Others must fail.
		-- Gore Vidal
		   [Great minds think alike?  Ed.]


	"You are *so* lovely."
	"Yes."
	"Yes!  And you take a compliment, too!  I like that in a goddess."


It's difficult to see the picture when you are inside the frame.


ADA:
	Something you need only know the name of to be an Expert in
	Computing.  Useful in sentences like, "We had better develop
	an ADA awareness.
		-- "Datamation", January 15, 1984


First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity, no really
self-respecting woman would take advantage of it.
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "John Bull's Other Island"


The price of success in philosophy is triviality.
		-- C. Glymour


	A man sank into the psychiatrist's couch and said, "I have a
terrible problem, Doctor.  I have a son at Harvard and another son at
Princeton; I've just gifted each of them with a new Ferrari; I've got
homes in Beverly Hills, Palm Beach, and a co-op in New York; and I've
got a thriving ranch in Venezuela.  My wife is a gorgeous young actress
who considers my two mistresses to be her best friends."
	The psychiatrist looked at the patient, confused.  "Did I miss
something?  It sounds to me like you have no problems at all."
	"But, Doctor, I only make $175 a week."


Try not.
Do.
Or do not.
There is no try.


This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and
intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to which they
are addressed. If you are not the intended recipient of this
transmission, please delete it immediately.

Obviously, I am the idiot who sent it to you by mistake. Furthermore,
there is no way I can force you to delete it. Worse, by the time you
have reached this disclaimer you have already read the document.
Telling you to forget it would seem absurd. In any event, I have no
legal right to force you to take any action upon this email anyway.

This entire disclaimer is just a waste of everyone's time and
bandwidth. Therefore, let us just forget the whole thing and enjoy a
cold beer instead.
 		-- found on the dovecot mailinglist


	A ten-year-old kid came home from school one day, and when his mom
asked how was school he says: "Gee, great, mom.  I got laid!"
	She's shocked and sends him upstairs, where his dad finds him after
work.  "Mommy told me about your day at school, Billy, and I think we men
should keep it a secret.  Women just don't understand these things."
	So every night Dad goes up to Billy's room after Mom tucks him in:
"You get laid today, Billy?"
	"Yeah, Dad."
	"How was it?"
	"Real neat, Dad, I liked it a lot."
	"Good Boy!".
	A month later: "You get laid today?"
	"No, Dad."
	"No?  How come?"
	"Gee, Dad, my ass is getting really sore."


The last thing one knows in constructing a work is what to put first.
		-- Blaise Pascal


I'll burn my books.
		-- Christopher Marlowe


The Lord prefers common-looking people.  That is the reason that He makes
so many of them.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Never be led astray onto the path of virtue.


Reisner's Rule of Conceptual Inertia:
	If you think big enough, you'll never have to do it.


Meekness is uncommon patience in planning a worthwhile revenge.


Everybody has something to conceal.
		-- Humphrey Bogart


To add insult to injury.
		-- Phaedrus


A sect or party is an elegant incognito devised to save a man from
the vexation of thinking.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Journals" (1831)


To any truly impartial person, it would
be obvious that I am always right.


The two most beautiful words in the English language are "Cheque Enclosed."
		-- Dorothy Parker


Courage, n.:
	Two cannibals having oral sex.


Federal grants are offered for... research into the recreation
potential of interplanetary space travel for the culturally
disadvantaged.


Vegetarians beware!  You are what you eat.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#8

Going Out:
	When a man says he is ready to go out, it means he is ready to go
out.  When a woman says she is ready to go out, it means she WILL be ready
to go out, as soon as she finds her earring, finishes putting on her makeup,
checks on the kids, makes a phone call to her best friend...

Cats:
	Women love cats.  Men say they love cats, but when women aren't
looking, men kick cats.

Offspring:
	Ah, children.  A woman knows all about her children.  She knows
about dentist appointments and soccer games and romances and best friends
and favorite foods and secret fears and hopes and dreams.  Men are vaguely
aware of some short people living in the house.


Don't just eat a hamburger; eat the HELL out of it.
		-- J. R. "Bob" Dobbs


Don't get stuck in a closet -- wear yourself out.


Your manuscript is both good and original, but the part that is good is not
original and the part that is original is not good.
		-- Samuel Johnson


What I think is that the F-word is basically just a convenient nasty-
sounding word that we tend to use when we would really like to come up
with a terrifically witty insult, the kind Winston Churchill always
came up with when enormous women asked him stupid questions at
parties.
		-- Dave Barry, "$#$%#^%!^%&@%@!"


First there was Dial-A-Prayer, then Dial-A-Recipe, and even Dial-A-Footballer.
But the south-east Victorian town of Sale has produced one to top them all.
Dial-A-Wombat.
	It all began early yesterday when Sale police received a telephone
call: "You won't believe this, and I'm not drunk, but there's a wombat in the
phone booth outside the town hall," the caller said.
	Not firmly convinced about the caller's claim to sobriety, members of
the constabulary drove to the scene, expecting to pick up a drunk.
	But there it was, an annoyed wombat, trapped in a telephone booth.
	The wombat, determined not to be had the better of again, threw its
bulk into the fray. It was eventually lassoed and released in a nearby scrub.
	Then the officers received another message ... another wombat in
another phone booth.
	There it was: *Another* angry wombat trapped in a telephone booth.
	The constables took the miffed marsupial into temporary custody and
released it, too, in the scrub.
	But on their way back to the station they happened to pass another
telephone booth, and -- you guessed it -- another imprisoned wombat.
	After some serious detective work, the lads in blue found a suspect,
and after questioning, released him to be charged on summons.
	Their problem ... they cannot find a law against placing wombats in
telephone booths.
		-- "Newcastle Morning Herald", NSW Australia, Aug 1980


Once there was a little nerd who loved to read your mail,
And then yank back the i-access times to get hackers off his tail,
And once as he finished reading from the secretary's spool,
He wrote a rude rejection to her boyfriend (how uncool!)
And this as delivermail did work and he ran his backfstat,
He heard an awful crackling like rat fritters in hot fat,
And hard errors brought the system down 'fore he could even shout!
	And the bio bug'll bring yours down too, ef you don't watch out!
And once they was a little flake who'd prowl through the uulog,
And when he went to his blit that night to play at being god,
The ops all heard him holler, and they to the console dashed,
But when they did a ps -ut they found the system crashed!
Oh, the wizards adb'd the dumps and did the system trace,
And worked on the file system 'til the disk head was hot paste,
But all they ever found was this:  "panic: never doubt",
	And the bio bug'll crash your box too, ef you don't watch out!
When the day is done and the moon comes out,
And you hear the printer whining and the rk's seems to count,
When the other desks are empty and their terminals glassy grey,
And the load is only 1.6 and you wonder if it'll stay,
You must mind the file protections and not snoop around,
	Or the bio bug'll getcha and bring the system down!


It's better to burn out than to fade away.


The early worm gets the late bird.


God made the world in six days, and was arrested on the seventh.


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #16

The Arkansas legislature passed a law that states that the Arkansas River
can rise no higher than to the Main Street bridge in Little Rock.


Each person has the right to take part in the management of public affairs
in his country, provided he has prior experience, a will to succeed, a
university degree, influential parents, good looks, a curriculum vitae, two
3 X 4 snapshots, and a good tax record.


Oz:	Guys, take a moment to deal with this.  We survived.
Buffy:	It was a hell of a battle.
Oz:	Not the battle.  High School.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Graduation Day, Part Two"
		   Season 3, Episode 22


Q:	What do you do if an Irishman throws a pin at you?
A:	Run like hell, he's got a grenade in his mouth!!


Burbulation, v.:
	The obsessive act of opening and closing a refrigerator door in
	an attempt to catch it before the automatic light comes on.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


When you're bored with yourself, marry, and be bored with someone else.
		-- David Pryce-Jones


Eat one live toad the first thing in the morning and nothing worse
will happen to you the rest of the day.

[Well, actually, to either of you...  Ed.]


Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly.
		-- Voltaire


Life is an exciting business, and most
exciting when it is lived for others.


Most folks they like the daytime,
	'cause they like to see the shining sun.
They're up in the morning,
	off and a-running till they're too tired for having fun.
But when the sun goes down,
	and the bright lights shine, my daytime has just begun.

Now there are two sides to this great big world,
	and one of them is always night.
If you can take care of business in the sunshine, baby,
	I guess you're gonna be all right.
Don't come looking for me to lend you a hand.
	My eyes just can't stand the light.

'Cause I'm a night owl honey, sleep all day long.
		-- Carly Simon


As crazy as hauling timber into the woods.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Pyro's of the world... IGNITE !!!


And as we stand on the edge of darkness
Let our chant fill the void
That others may know

	In the land of the night
	The ship of the sun
	Is drawn by
	The grateful dead.
		-- Tibetan "Book of the Dead," ca. 4000 BC.


We seem to have forgotten the simple truth that reason is never perfect.
Only non-sense attains perfection.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Avoid cliches like the plague.
They're a dime a dozen.


Just remember, it all started with a mouse.
		-- Walt Disney


Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side?  And hain't that
a big enough majority in any town?
		-- Mark Twain, "Huckleberry Finn"


A mathematician, a doctor, and an engineer are walking on the beach and
observe a team of lifeguards pumping the stomach of a drowned woman.  As
they watch, water, sand, snails and such come out of the pump.
	The doctor watches for a while and says: "Keep pumping, men, you may
yet save her!!"
	The mathematician does some calculations and says: "According to my
understanding of the size of that pump, you have already pumped more water
from her body than could be contained in a cylinder 4 feet in diameter and
6 feet high."
	The engineer says: "I think she's sitting in a puddle."


Many people are unenthusiastic about their work.


He looked at me as if I were a side dish he hadn't ordered.
		-- Ring Lardner


Shhh... be vewy, vewy, quiet!  I'm hunting wabbits...


Individualists unite!


Imagine me going around with a pot belly.
It would mean political ruin.
		-- Adolf Hitler


Advancement in position.


De Hispanice puella verumque
Simplex oris verborumque
	Tulit potens vagina
	Hominum agmina
Iterum iterum iterumque.


Antique fairy tale: Little Red Riding Hood.
Modern fairy tale: Oswald, acting alone, shot Kennedy.


Beware the one behind you.


Eloquence is logic on fire.


An authority is a person who can tell you more about something than you
really care to know.


Schizophrenia beats being alone.


Spence's Admonition:
	Never stow away on a kamikaze plane.


You will step on the night soil of many countries.


I'd love to go out with you, but the man on television told me to stay
tuned.


Nothing, adj.:
	A man with an erection who walks into a wall and breaks his nose.


Postmen never die, they just lose their zip.


Life is a series of rude awakenings.
		-- R. V. Winkle


Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about
telescopes.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


Do Miami a favor.  When you leave, take someone with you.


Marriage is not merely sharing the fettuccine, but sharing the
burden of finding the fettuccine restaurant in the first place.
		-- Calvin Trillin


Sorry, no fortune this time.


Q:	What's the difference between a Mac and an Etch-a-Sketch?
A:	You don't have to shake the Mac to clear the screen.


I have already given two cousins to the war and I stand ready to
sacrifice my wife's brother.
		-- Artemus Ward


	Approaching the gates of the monastery, Hakuin found Ken the Zen
preaching to a group of disciples.
	"Words..." Ken orated, "they are but an illusory veil obfuscating
the absolute reality of --"
	"Ken!" Hakuin interrupted. "Your fly is down!"
	Whereupon the Clear Light of Illumination exploded upon Ken, and he
vaporized.
	On the way to town, Hakuin was greeted by an itinerant monk imbued
with the spirit of the morning.
	"Ah," the monk sighed, a beatific smile wrinkling across his cheeks,
"Thou art That..."
	"Ah," Hakuin replied, pointing excitedly, "And Thou art Fat!"
	Whereupon the Clear Light of Illumination exploded upon the monk,
and he vaporized.
	Next, the Governor sought the advice of Hakuin, crying: "As our
enemies bear down upon us, how shall I, with such heartless and callow
soldiers as I am heir to, hope to withstand the impending onslaught?"
	"US?" snapped Hakuin.
	Whereupon the Clear Light of Illumination exploded upon the
Governor, and he vaporized.
	Then, a redneck went up to Hakuin and vaporized the old Master with
his shotgun.  "Ha! Beat ya' to the punchline, ya' scrawny li'l geek!"


The Reverend Henry Ward Beecher
Called a hen a most elegant creature.
	The hen, pleased with that,
	Laid an egg in his hat --
And thus did the hen reward Beecher.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


History repeats itself.  That's one thing wrong with history.


Arrakis teaches the attitude of the knife - chopping off what's
incomplete and saying: "Now it's complete because it's ended here."
		-- Muad'dib, "Dune"


