There are four boxes to be used in defense of liberty: soap, ballot,
jury, and ammo. Please use in that order.
		-- Ed Howdershelt


[Americans] are a race of convicts and ought to be thankful for anything
we allow them short of hanging.
		-- Samuel Johnson

America is a large friendly dog in a small room.  Every time it wags its
tail it knocks over a chair.
		-- Arnold Toynbee

The United States is like the guy at the party who gives cocaine to
everybody and still nobody likes him.
		-- Jim Samuels


Absolutum obsoletum.  (If it works, it's out of date.)
		-- Stafford Beer


Flame on!
		-- Johnny Storm


Nasrudin returned to his village from the imperial capital, and the villagers
gathered around to hear what had passed.  "At this time," said Nasrudin, "I
only want to say that the King spoke to me."  All the villagers but the
stupidest ran off to spread the wonderful news.  The remaining villager
asked, "What did the King say to you?"  "What he said -- and quite distinctly,
for everyone to hear -- was 'Get out of my way!'" The simpleton was overjoyed;
he had heard words actually spoken by the King, and seen the very man they
were spoken to.


Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
		-- Aldous Huxley


Coffee without caffeine.  Beer without alcohol.  Milk without fat.
What's next?  Bridal suites with bunk beds?
		-- Orben's Current Comedy


Hear about...
	the freshman coed who decided not to sign up for a course in sex
	education when she heard the final exam would be oral?


Beifeld's Principle:
	The probability of a young man meeting a desirable and
receptive young female increases by pyramidal progression when he is
already in the company of: (1) a date, (2) his wife, (3) a better
looking and richer male friend.


Sensible and responsible women do not want to vote.
		-- Grover Cleveland (1905)


No directory.


Q:	What is "SMOORPLAY"?
A:	It's what SMURFS do before they SMUCK, of course!


Most people need some of their problems
to help take their mind off some of the others.


Physicists do it with charm.


In defeat, unbeatable; in victory, unbearable.
		-- Winston Churchill, on General Montgomery


Go out with girls Dutch treat -- pay for dinner, drinks,
and the movie, and the rest of the evening is on her.


He tells you when you've got on too much lipstick,
And helps you with your girdle when your hips stick.
		-- Ogden Nash, on the perfect husband


And malt does more than Milton can to justify God's ways to man.
		-- A. E. Housman


He who trains his tongue to quote the learned
sages, will be known far and wide as a smart ass.
		-- Howard Kandel


There is one difference between a tax collector and
a taxidermist -- the taxidermist leaves the hide.
		-- Mortimer Caplan


Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
		-- Thomas Alva Edison


If you're gonna sleep with someone whose moral code may be written
in Fortran for all you know, at least make sure there's an existing
friendship of some sort to fall back on if things don't work out
like one or the other of you planned.


The rules are rather simple to understand:  Under democracy you
can defend any view, but only defend it.  You can not try to realize
it through power, violence or weapons.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


If you have a procedure with 10 parameters, you probably missed some.


Why, when no honest man will deny in private that every ultimate problem is
wrapped in the profoundest mystery, do honest men proclaim in pulpits that
unhesitating certainty is the duty of the most foolish and ignorant?  Is it
not a spectacle to make the angels laugh?  We are a company of ignorant
beings, feeling our way through mists and darkness, learning only be
incessantly repeated blunders, obtaining a glimmering of truth by falling
into every conceivable error, dimly discerning light enough for our daily
needs, but hopelessly differing whenever we attempt to describe the ultimate
origin or end of our paths; and yet, when one of us ventures to declare that
we don't know the map of the universe as well as the map of our infinitesimal
parish, he is hooted, reviled, and perhaps told that he will be damned to all
eternity for his faithlessness.
		-- Leslie Stephen, "An Agnostic's Apology",
		   Fortnightly Review, 1876


Since we have to speak well of the dead, let's knock them while they're
alive.
		-- John Sloan


Never look up when dragons fly overhead.


The reason that every major university maintains a department of
mathematics is that it's cheaper than institutionalizing all those
people.


The greatest of faults is to be conscious of none.


Forty isn't old, if you're a tree.


Diogenes went to look for an honest lawyer. "How's it going?", someone
asked him, after a few days.
	"Not too bad", replied Diogenes. "I still have my lantern."


The most difficult thing about surviving AIDS
is trying to convince your parents that you're Haitian.


The whole earth is in jail and we're plotting this incredible jailbreak.
		-- Wavy Gravy


Military justice is to justice what military music is to music.
		-- Groucho Marx


Please take note:


Serenity through viciousness.


Don't have good ideas if you aren't willing to be responsible for them.


I realize that today you have a number of top female athletes such as
Martina Navratilova who can run like deer and bench-press Chevrolet
trucks.  But to be brutally frank, women as a group have a long way to
go before they reach the level of intensity and dedication to sports
that enables men to be such incredible jerks about it.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sports is a Drag"


Bloom's Seventh Law of Litigation:
	The judge's jokes are always funny.


If we can ever make red tape nutritional, we can feed the world.
		-- R. Schaeberle, "Management Accounting"


	"Hey, Sam, how about a loan?"
	"Whattaya need?"
	"Oh, about $500."
	"Whattaya got for collateral?"
	"Whattaya need?"
	"How about an eye?"
		-- Sam Giancana


Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set:

PI	Punch Invalid
POPI	Punch Operator Immediately
PVLC	Punch Variable Length Card
RASC	Read And Shred Card
RPM	Read Programmers Mind
RSSC	Reduce Speed, Step Carefully (for improved accuracy)
RTAB	Rewind Tape and Break
RWDSK	Rewind Disk
RWOC	Read Writing On Card
SCRBL	Scribble to disk - faster than a write
SLC	Search for Lost Chord
SPSW	Scramble Program Status Word
SRSD	Seek Record and Scar Disk
STROM	Store in Read Only Memory
TDB	Transfer and Drop Bit
WBT	Water Binary Tree


Come, let us hasten to a higher plane,
Where dyads tread the fairy fields of Venn,
Their indices bedecked from one to _n,
Commingled in an endless Markov chain!
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


Nobody really knows what happiness is, until they're married.
And then it's too late.


Envy, n.:
	Wishing you'd been born with an unfair advantage,
	instead of having to try and acquire one.


President Reagan has noted that there are too many economic
pundits and forecasters and has decided on an excess prophets tax.


Statistics are no substitute for judgment.
		-- Henry Clay


I never take work home with me; I always leave it in some bar along the way.


Air pollution is really making us pay through the nose.


BLISS is ignorance.


Q:	Why do dogs lick their private parts?
A:	Because they can.


When you are about to die, a wombat is better than no company at all.
		-- Roger Zelazny, "Doorways in the Sand"


We could do that, but it would be wrong, that's for sure.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Bondage, or as the French call it, ligottage, is the gentle art of tying up
your sex partner --- not to overcome reluctance but to boost orgasm.  It's
one unscheduled sex technique which a lot of people find extremely exciting
but are scared to try, and a venerable human resource for increasing sexual
feeling, partly because it's a harmless expression of sexual aggression --
something we badly need, our culture being very uptight about it -- and more
because of its physical affects: slow orgasm when unable to move is a
mind-blowing experience for anyone not too frightened of their own aggressive
self to try it.
		-- The Joy of Sex


An expert is a person who avoids the small errors
as he sweeps on to the grand fallacy.
		-- Benjamin Stolberg


Laetrile is the pits.


We ought to be very grateful that we have tools.  Millions of years ago
people did not have them, and home projects were extremely difficult.
For example, when a primitive person wanted to put up paneling, he had
to drive the little paneling nails into the cave wall with his bare
fist, so generally the paneling wound up getting spattered with
primitive blood, which isn't really all that bad when you consider how
ugly paneling is to begin with.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Once upon a time there was a farmer who owned a large number of chickens and
made money by selling chickens to a local distributing company.  The farmer
wanted to increase his business, and so went to market to buy another rooster.
"This rooster," assured the vendor, "is my best.  He's virile and energetic
and will take care of all your chickens!"  The farmer, delighted at this,
bought the rooster and returned to his farm.  He set the rooster loose among
his hen houses and, sure enough, the rooster enthusiastically went to work.
It wasn't too long, however, before the rooster finished off all the hens and
began on the few geese and ducks that were on the farm.  "If you keep up this
rate," warned the farmer, "you'll screw yourself to death!"  The rooster,
however, scoffed at the farmer and continued at an increased speed.  The next
morning, the farmer was doing his chores when he noticed several buzzards in
the sky circling over something.  He headed out behind the barn, and sure
enough there was the rooster, flat on his back, with eyes closed.  The farmer
shook his fist at the motionless body and cursed, shouting "I knew it!  I told
you so!  I knew you'd screw yourself to death!"  The rooster turned his head
toward the farmer, opened one eye, and winked.  "Shhh!" he said, pointing to
the birds above.  "I think they're coming down."


You don't have to know how the computer
works, just how to work the computer.


Don't look back, the lemmings might be gaining on you.


Put your trust in those who are worthy.


Bizoos, n.:
	The millions of tiny individual bumps that make up a
	basketball.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


One is often kept in the right road by a rut.
		-- Gustave Droz


Beneath this stone lies Murphy,
They buried him today,
He lived the life of Riley,
While Riley was away.


Hear about...
	the poor Greek fisherman who got his upper torso wedged into
	a porthole and couldn't get out to save his ass?


... And then there's the guy who bought 20,000 bras, cut them in half,
and sold 40,000 yamalchas with chin straps ...


If you make a mistake you right it
immediately to the best of your ability.


How many software engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?
None: "We'll document it in the manual."


Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense.


Lucky is he for whom the belle toils.


I am professionally trained in computer science, which is to say
(in all seriousness) that I am extremely poorly educated.
		-- Joseph Weizenbaum, "Computer Power and Human Reason"


Enjoy your life; be pleasant and gay, like the birds in May.


*** NEWS FLASH ***

Archaeologists find PDP-11/24 inside brain cavity of fossilized dinosaur
skeleton!  Many Digital users fear that RSX-11M may be even more primitive
than DEC admits.  Price adjustments at 11:00.


It is easy when we are in prosperity to give advice to the afflicted.
		-- Aeschylus


Democracy is a form of government in which it is permitted to wonder
aloud what the country could do under first-class management.
		-- Senator Soaper


Confucius say too much.
		-- Recent Chinese proverb


Clovis' Consideration of an Atmospheric Anomaly:
	The perversity of nature is nowhere better demonstrated
	than by the fact that, when exposed to the same atmosphere,
	bread becomes hard while crackers become soft.


If you want to understand your government, don't begin by reading the
Constitution.  It conveys precious little of the flavor of today's statecraft.
Instead, read selected portions of the Washington telephone directory
containing listings for all the organizations with titles beginning with
the word "National".
		-- George Will


You can't run away forever,
But there's nothing wrong with getting a good head start.
		-- Jim Steinman, "Rock and Roll Dreams Come Through"


Some of the things that live the longest
in peoples' memories never really happened.


If God doesn't destroy San Francisco,
He should apologize to Sodom and Gomorrah.


The bank sent our statement this morning,
The red ink was a sight of great awe!
Their figures and mine might have balanced,
But my wife was too quick on the draw.


You know how to win a victory, Hannibal, but not how to use it.
		-- Maharbal


Ignorance is when you don't know anything and somebody finds it out.


	"Mach was the greatest intellectual fraud in the last ten years."
	"What about X?"
	"I said `intellectual'."
		;login, 9/1990


Where am I, and what am I doing in this handbasket?
		-- Mark A. Matthews, to Wes Peters, circa 1996


Remember, DESSERT is spelled with two `s's while DESERT is spelled
with one, because EVERYONE wants two desserts, but NO ONE wants two
deserts.
		-- Miss Oglethorp, Gr. 5, PS. 59


The key to building a superstar is to keep their mouth shut.  To reveal
an artist to the people can be to destroy him.  It isn't to anyone's
advantage to see the truth.
		-- Bob Ezrin, rock music producer


Welcome to the Zoo!


The streets were dark with something more than night.
		-- Raymond Chandler


One of your most ancient writers, a historian named Herodotus, tells of a
thief who was to be executed.  As he was taken away he made a bargain with
the king: in one year he would teach the king's favorite horse to sing
hymns.  The other prisoners watched the thief singing to the horse and
laughed.  "You will not succeed," they told him.  "No one can."
	To which the thief replied, "I have a year, and who knows what might
happen in that time.  The king might die.  The horse might die.  I might die.
And perhaps the horse will learn to sing.
		-- "The Mote in God's Eye", Niven and Pournelle


Sex is good, but not as good as fresh sweet corn.
		-- Garrison Keillor


Don't quit now, we might just as well
lock the door and throw away the key.


Modesty: the gentle art of enhancing your charm by pretending
	not to be aware of it.
		-- Oliver Herford


The polite thing to do has always been to address people as they wish to be
addressed, to treat them in a way they think dignified.  But it is equally
important to accept and tolerate different standards of courtesy, not
expecting everyone else to adapt to one's own preferences.  Only then can
we hope to restore the insult to its proper social function of expressing
true distaste.
		-- Judith Martin, "Miss Manners' Guide to Excruciatingly
		   Correct Behavior"


It was kinda like stuffing the wrong card in a computer,
when you're stickin' those artificial stimulants in your arm.
		-- Dion, noted computer scientist


As for the women, though we scorn and flout 'em,
We may live with, but cannot live without 'em.
		-- Frederic Reynolds


Try to have as good a life as you can under the circumstances.


If two people love each other, there can be no happy end to it.
		-- Ernest Hemingway


The price one pays for pursuing any profession, or calling, is an intimate
knowledge of its ugly side.
		-- James Baldwin


Life is like a penis: when it's soft you can't beat it, and when it's
hard you get fucked.


In my world, there are people in chains and we can ride them like ponies.
		-- Evil Willow, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Doppelgangland"
		   Season 3, Episode 16


Consider the little mouse, how sagacious an animal
it is which never entrusts its life to one hole only.
		-- Titus Maccius Plautus


Nobody knows what goes between his cold toes and his warm ears.
		-- Roy Harper


Yea from the table of my memory
I'll wipe away all trivial fond records.
		-- Hamlet


Carswell's Corollary:
	Whenever man comes up with a better mousetrap,
	nature invariably comes up with a better mouse.


Man in stall:
	Hey, buddy?  Is there any toilet paper out there?
Man at sink:
	No, I don't see any.  Just a second...  Nope, none in
	any of the other stalls either.
A minute passes.
Man in stall:
	Say, buddy?
Man at sink:
	Yeah?
Man in stall:
	You got change for a ten?


The famous politician was trying to save both his faces.


Hear about...
	the girl who called her boyfriend Amaretto, 'cause he was
	such a sweet liquor?


Uh-oh -- I've let the cat out of the bag.  Let me, then,
straightforwardly state the thesis I shall now elaborate:
Making variations on a theme is really the crux of creativity.
		-- Douglas R. Hofstadter, "Metamagical Themas"


Many people are unenthusiastic about your work.


College is like a woman -- you work so hard to get in, and nine months
later you wish you'd never come.


What goes up must come down.  But don't expect it to come down
where you can find it.  Murphy's Law applied to Newton's.


Never trust a child farther than you can throw it.


Bernard was a young eighty-three, not a gomer, and able to talk.  He'd been
transferred from MBH (Man's Best Hospital), the House's Rival.  Founded in
Colonial times by the WASPs, the insemination of MBH by non-WASPs had taken
place only mid-twentieth century with the token multidextrous Oriental
surgeon, and finally, with the token red-hot internal-medicine Jew.  Yet,
MBH was still Brooks Brothers, while the House was still the Garment District.
For Jews at MBH the password was "Dress British, Think Yiddish."  It was
rare to get a TURF from the MBH to the House, and the Fat Man was curious:
"Bernard, you went to the MBH, they did a great work-up, and you told them,
after they got done, you wanted to be transferred here. Why?"
	"I rilly don't know," said Bernard.
	"Was it the doctors there? The doctors you didn't like?"
	"The doctus?  Nah, the doctus I can't complain."
	"The test or the room?"
	"The tests or the room?  Vell, nah, about them I can't complain."
	"The nurses? The food?" asked Fats, but Bernard shook his head no.
Fats laughed and said, "Listen, Bernie, you went to the MBH, they did this
great workup, and when I asked you shy you came to the House of God, all you
tell me is, 'Nah, I can't complain.'  So why did you come here?  Why, Bernie,
why?"
	"Vhy I come heah?  Vell, said Bernie, "Heah I can complain."
		-- House of God


One day a city dweller decided to take a ride in the country.  He hopped
into his sportscar, wandered along the highway for a while and then exited
to some very rural dirt roads in the middle of farm country.  After awhile,
he came across a farmer who clearly working his fields.  The funny thing was,
the farmer didn't seem to be wearing any pants.  The man got out of his car
and approached the farmer.
	"Hey, buddy," he asked, "how come you're not wearing any clothes?"
	Replied the farmer, "Well, boy, th' other day I was out a-workin'
in the fields, an' I plum fergot t' wear mah shirt.  Got back to th' house
that night, and mah neck was stiffer than an oak-wood board.  This here's
mah wife's idea."


