One of the large consolations for experiencing anything
unpleasant is the knowledge that one can communicate it.
		-- Joyce Carol Oates


Scratch the average female and you'll find a purring bundle... at the
ready to love and honor, bake a torte and still produce quintuplets.
		-- Edgar Berman


All great discoveries are made by mistake.
		-- Young


You are scrupulously honest, frank, and straightforward.
Therefore you have few friends.


Bypasses are devices that allow some people to dash from point A to
point B very fast while other people dash from point B to point A very
fast.  People living at point C, being a point directly in between, are
often given to wonder what's so great about point A that so many people
from point B are so keen to get there and what's so great about point B
that so many people from point A are so keen to get _t_h_e_r_e.  They often
wish that people would just once and for all work out where the hell
they wanted to be.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


OCCAM'S ERASER:
	The philosophical principle that even the simplest
	solution is bound to have something wrong with it.


To add insult to injury.
		-- Phaedrus


I have just read your lousy review buried in the back pages.  You
sound like a frustrated old man who never made a success, an
eight-ulcer man on a four-ulcer job, and all four ulcers working.  I
have never met you, but if I do you'll need a new nose and plenty of
beefsteak and perhaps a supporter below.  Westbrook Pegler, a
guttersnipe, is a gentleman compared to you.  You can take that as more
of an insult than as a reflection on your ancestry.
		-- Harry S. Truman


Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


He who loses, wins the race,
And parallel lines meet in space.
		-- John Boyd, "Last Starship from Earth"


Luck can't last a lifetime, unless you die young.
		-- Russell Banks


A continuing flow of paper is sufficient to continue the flow of paper.
		-- Dyer


Advertising is the most fun of anything you can do with your clothes on.
		-- Mary Wells, advertising executive


That all men should be brothers is the dream of people who have no brothers.
		-- Charles Chincholles, "Pensees de tout le monde"


Q:	How can you tell the bride at a WASP wedding?
A:	She's the one kissing the golden retriever.


Men ought to know that from the brain and from the brain only arise our
pleasures, joys, laughter, and jests as well as our sorrows, pains, griefs
and tears.  ...  It is the same thing which makes us mad or delirious,
inspires us with dread and fear, whether by night or by day, brings us
sleeplessness, inopportune mistakes, aimless anxieties, absent-mindedness
and acts that are contrary to habit...
		-- Hippocrates, "The Sacred Disease"


All the lines have been written		There's been Sandburg,
It's sad but it's true			Keats, Poe and McKuen
With all the words gone,		They all had their day
What's a young poet to do?		And knew what they're doin'

But of all the words written		The bird is a strange one,
And all the lines read,			So small and so tender
There's one I like most,		Its breed still unknown,
And by a bird it was said!		Not to mention its gender.

It reminds me of days of		So what is this line
Both gloom and of light.		Whose author's unknown
It still lifts my spirits		And still makes me giggle
And starts the day right.		Even now that I'm grown?

I've read all the greats
Both starving and fat,
But none was as great as
"I tot I taw a puddy tat."
		-- Etta Stallings, "An Ode To Childhood"


She has an alarm clock and a phone that don't ring - they applaud.


"And, you know, I mustn't preach to you, but surely it wouldn't be right for
you to take away people's pleasure of studying your attire, by just going
and making yourself like everybody else.  You feel that, don't you?"  said
he, earnestly.
		-- William Morris, "Notes from Nowhere"


The difference between common-sense and paranoia is that common-sense is
thinking everyone is out to get you.  That's normal -- they are.  Paranoia
is thinking that they're conspiring.
		-- J. Kegler


It's so confusing choosing sides in the heat of the moment,
	just to see if it's real,
Oooh, it's so erotic having you tell me how it should feel,
But I'm avoiding all the hard cold facts that I got to face,
So ask me just one question when this magic night is through,
Could it have been just anyone or did it have to be you?
		-- Billy Joel, "Glass Houses"


All I want is a girl made of wood,
With fine-grained hair and carven knee.
She wouldn't drink and wouldn't smoke,
Oh, wooden tit be loverly?
		-- Pinocchio


Don't remember what you can infer.
		-- Harry Tennant


Only great masters of style can succeed in being obtuse.
		-- Oscar Wilde

Most UNIX programmers are great masters of style.
		-- The Unnamed Usenetter


	"Hawk, we're going to die."
	"Never say die... and certainly never say we."
		-- M*A*S*H


Don't hit the keys so hard, it hurts.


Kansas state law requires pedestrians crossing the highways at night to
wear tail lights.


ARIES (Mar 21 - Apr 19)
	You are the pioneer type and hold most people in contempt.  You are
	quick tempered, impatient, and scornful of advice.  You are not
	very nice.


Democracy is the name we give the people whenever we need them.
		-- Arman de Caillavet, 1913


The Grecians were famed for fine art,
And buildings and stonework so smart.
	They distinguished with poise
	The men from the boys,
And used crowbars to keep them apart.


Three Rings for the Elven-kings under the sky,
Seven for the Dwarf-lords in their halls of stone,
Nine for Mortal Men doomed to die,
One for the Dark Lord on his dark throne
In the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie.
One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them,
One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them
In the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien, "The Lord of the Rings"


Love means having to say you're sorry every five minutes.


Guru, n.:
	A computer owner who can read the manual.


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #7:

Q:  What happened then?
A:  He told me, he says, "I have to kill you because you can identify
    me."
Q:  Did he kill you?
A:  No.


That's life.
	What's life?
A magazine.
	How much does it cost?
Two-fifty.
	I only have a dollar.
That's life.


A full belly makes a dull brain.
		-- Benjamin Franklin

		[and the local candy machine man.  Ed]


Is knowledge knowable?  If not, how do we know that?


The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions.
		-- Alfred Adler


Many people feel that if you won't let
them make you happy, they'll make you suffer.


If your aim in life is nothing; you can't miss.


Top Ten Things Overheard At The ANSI C Draft Committee Meetings:

10:	Sorry, but that's too useful.
 9:	Dammit, little-endian systems *are* more consistent!
 8:	I'm on the committee and I *still* don't know what the hell
	#pragma is for.
 7:	Well, it's an excellent idea, but it would make the compilers too
	hard to write.
 6:	Them bats is smart; they use radar.
 5:	All right, who's the wiseguy who stuck this trigraph stuff in here?
 4:	How many times do we have to tell you, "No prior art!"
 3:	Ha, ha, I can't believe they're actually going to adopt this sucker.
 2:	Thank you for your generous donation, Mr. Wirth.
 1:	Gee, I wish we hadn't backed down on "noalias".


The early bird gets the coffee left over from the night before.


Il y avait un plombier, Francois,
Qui plombait sa femme dans le Bois.
	Dit-elle, "Arretez!
	J'entends quelqu'un venait."
Dit le plombier, en plombant, "C'est moi."


A new taste had been acquired and a new appetite began to grow.  The time
had long since arrived to crush the technical intelligentsia, which had
come to regard itself as too irreplaceable and had not gotten used to
catching instructions on the wing.  In other words, we never did trust
the engineers - and from the very first years of the Revolution we saw to
it that those lackeys and servants of former capitalist bosses were kept
in line by healthy suspicion and surveillance by the workers.
		-- Aleksandr I. Solzhenitsyn, "The Gulag Archipelago"


Millions of sensible people are too high-minded to concede that politics is
almost always the choice of the lesser evil.  "Tweedledum and Tweedledee,"
they say.  "I will not vote."  Having abstained, they are presented with a
President who appoints the people who are going to rummage around in their
lives for the next four years.  Consider all the people who sat home in a
stew in 1968 rather than vote for Hubert Humphrey.  They showed Humphrey.
Those people who taught Hubert Humphrey a lesson will still be enjoying the
Nixon Supreme Court when Tricia and Julie begin to find silver threads among
the gold and the black.
		-- Russel Baker, "Ford without Flummery"


Snow and adolescence are the only problems
that disappear if you ignore them long enough.


Q:	How does a mink get babies?
A:	The same way babies get minks.


Learning French is trivial: the word for horse is cheval, and
everything else follows in the same way.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


Nobody loves me,
Everybody hates me,
I think I'll go out and eat worms.
I'm gonna cut their heads off,
Eat their insides out,
And throw way the skins.
Big, fat, juicy ones,
Little, skinny, cute ones,
Watch how they wiggle and they squirm.


THIS IS PLEDGE WEEK FOR THE FORTUNE PROGRAM

If you like the fortune program, why not support it now with your
contribution of a pithy fortune, clean or obscene?  We cannot continue
without your support.  Less than 14% of all fortune users are
contributors.  That means that 86% of you are getting a free ride.  We
can't go on like this much longer.  Federal cutbacks mean less money
for fortunes, and unless user contributions increase to make up the
difference, the fortune program will have to shut down between midnight
and 8 a.m.  Don't let this happen.  Mail your fortunes right now to
"fortune".  Just type in your favorite pithy saying.  Do it now before
you forget.  Our target is 300 new fortunes by the end of the week.
Don't miss out.  All fortunes will be acknowledged.  If you contribute
30 fortunes or more, you will receive a free subscription to "The
Fortune Hunter", our monthly program guide.  If you contribute 50 or
more, you will receive a free "Fortune Hunter" coffee mug ...


Neuroses are red,
	Melancholia's blue.
I'm schizophrenic,
	What are you?


Children seldom misquote you.  In fact, they usually
repeat word for word what you shouldn't have said.


If you can survive death, you can probably survive anything.


First Corollary of Taber's Second Law:
	Machines that piss people off get murdered.
		-- Pat Taber


Pregnancy begins with a single sell.


I always had a repulsive need to be something more than human.
		-- David Bowie


Sam:	What's going on, Normie?
Norm:	My birthday, Sammy.  Give me a beer, stick a candle in
	it, and I'll blow out my liver.
		-- Cheers, Where Have All the Floorboards Gone

Woody:	Hey, Mr. P.  How goes the search for Mr. Clavin?
Norm:	Not as well as the search for Mr. Donut.
	Found him every couple of blocks.
		-- Cheers, Head Over Hill


Would the last person to leave Michigan please turn out the lights?


The blind daters had really hit it off and at the end of the evening, as
they were beginning to undress each other in his apartment, the fellow said,
	"Before we go any further, Charmaine, tell me -- do you have
any special fetishes that I should take into account in bed?"
	"As a matter of fact," smiled the girl, "I do happen to have a foot
fetish -- but I suppose I'd settle for maybe seven or eight inches."


What good is an obscenity trial except to popularize literature?
		-- Nero Wolfe, "The League of Frightened Men"


To the best of my recollection, Senator, I can't recall.


Save the whales.  Collect the whole set.


The rights you have are the rights given you by this Committee [the
House Un-American Activities Committee].  We will determine what rights
you have and what rights you have not got.
		-- J. Parnell Thomas


Sometimes the light is all shining on me,
Other times I can hardly see.
Lately it occurs to me
What a long strange trip it's been.
		-- The Grateful Dead, "American Beauty"


A prominent broadcaster, on a big-game safari in Africa, was taken to a
watering hole where the life of the jungle could be observed. As he
looked down from his tree platform and described the scene into his
tape recorder, he saw two gnus grazing peacefully. So preoccupied were
they that they failed to observe the approach of a pride of lions led
by two magnificent specimens, obviously the leaders. The lions charged,
killed the gnus, and dragged them into the bushes where their feasting
could not be seen.  A little while later the two kings of the jungle
emerged and the radioman recorded on his tape: "Well, that's the end of
the gnus and here, once again, are the head lions."


A debugged program is one for which you have
not yet found the conditions that make it fail.
		-- Jerry Ogdin


QOTD:
	"Talk about willing people... over half of them are willing to work
	and the others are more than willing to watch them."


Come, landlord, fill the flowing bowl until it does run over,
Tonight we will all merry be -- tomorrow we'll get sober.
		-- John Fletcher, "The Bloody Brother", II, 2


I have a very strange feeling about this...
		-- Luke Skywalker


I think the world is run by C students.
		-- Al McGuire


Don't relax!  It's only your tension that's holding you together.


The good news is that the horse is dead, but your mother's pregnant.


She was coming round the mountain doin' ninety,
When the chain on her motorcycle broke,
	Now she's lying in the grass,
	With the muffler up her ass,
And her tits a-playin' Dixie on the spokes.


Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.


The Bird of Time has but a little way to fly ...
and the bird is on the wing.
		-- Omar Khayyam


The secret source of humor is not joy but sorrow;
there is no humor in Heaven.
		-- Mark Twain


I think your opinions are reasonable,
except for the one about my mental instability.
		-- Psychology Professor, Fairfield University


QOTD:
	"Well, let's say she's friendly.  Last year she was the Herpes
	Poster Girl."


Imitation is the sincerest form of television.
		-- Fred Allen


Quantum Mechanics is God's version of "Trust me."


3rd Law of Computing:
	Anything that can go wr
fortune: Segmentation violation -- Core dumped


It takes little strain and no art
To bang out an echoing fart.
	The reaction is hearty
	When you fart at a party,
But the sensitive persons depart.


Many people would rather die than think; in fact, most do.
		-- Bertrand Russell


Cynic, n.:
	Experienced.


Use an accordion.  Go to jail.
		-- KFOG, San Francisco


Design, v.:
	What you regret not doing later on.


U.S. of A.:
	"Don't speak to the bus driver."
Germany:
	"It is strictly forbidden for passengers to speak to the driver."
England:
	"You are requested to refrain from speaking to the driver."
Scotland:
	"What have you got to gain by speaking to the driver?"
Italy:
	"Don't answer the driver."


Money and women are the most sought after and the least known of any two
things we have.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


... If forced to travel on an airplane, try and get in the cabin with
the Captain, so you can keep an eye on him and nudge him if he falls
asleep or point out any mountains looming up ahead ...
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Absence makes the heart grow frantic.


Rodeo fuck, n.:
	When you lean down and whisper in your lover's ear, "Honey, you're
	the worst piece of ass I've ever had!".  And then try to stay on
	for seven seconds...


A Mexican newspaper reports that bored Royal Air Force pilots stationed
on the Falkland Islands have devised what they consider a marvelous new
game.  Noting that the local penguins are fascinated by airplanes, the
pilots search out a beach where the birds are gathered and fly slowly
along it at the water's edge.  Perhaps ten thousand penguins turn their
heads in unison watching the planes go by, and when the pilots turn
around and fly back, the birds turn their heads in the opposite
direction, like spectators at a slow-motion tennis match.  Then, the
paper reports, "The pilots fly out to sea and directly to the penguin
colony and overfly it.  Heads go up, up, up, and ten thousand penguins
fall over gently onto their backs.
		-- Audubon Society Magazine

[From the BBC, 2001-02-02:
	For five weeks, a team from the British Antarctic Survey (BAS)
monitored 1,000 king penguins on the island of South Georgia as Lynx
helicopters passed overhead.
	"Not one king penguin fell over when the helicopters came over,"
said team leader Dr. Richard Stone.
	"As the aircraft approached, the birds went quiet and stopped
calling to each other, and adolescent birds that were not associated
with nests began walking away from the noise. Pure animal instinct,
really."
	The conclusion, said Dr. Stone, is that flights over 305 metres
(1,000 feet) caused "only minor and transitory ecological effects" on
king penguins.]


On the whole, I'd rather be in Philadelphia.
		-- W. C. Fields' epitaph


When speculation has done its worst, two plus two still equals four.
		-- S. Johnson


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

A new system, the CIRCULATORY system, has been added.

The long-experimental CIRCULATORY system has been released to users.  The
Lisp Machine uses Type B fluid, the L machine uses Type A fluid.  When the
switch to Common Lisp occurs both machines will, of course, be Type O.
Please check fluid level by using the DIP stick which is located in the
back of VMI monitors.  Unchecked low fluid levels can cause poor paging
performance.


Premature ejaculation, n.:
	A spoilspurt.


Artistic ventures highlighted.  Rob a museum.


There is a vast difference between the savage and civilized man, but it
is never apparent to their wives until after breakfast.
		-- Helen Rowland


Three fine Irish lads, O'Rourke, O'Malley and O'Donnell, worked together at
the local brewery.  One day, as fate would have it, O'Rourke fell into one
of the beer vats and drowned.  O'Malley and O'Donnell, completely crestfallen,
had to break the news to his wife.
	They went 'round the Widow O'Rourke's house and informed her that her
poor dear Patrick had drowned in a beer vat that very day.  Choking back her
tears, she asked them "Tell me now, did me poor Patty suffer much?"
	"I don't think so," replied O'Donnell. "He climbed out twice to take
a piss."


You couldn't even prove the White House
staff sane beyond a reasonable doubt.
		-- Ed Meese, on the Hinckley verdict


Asked how she felt being the first woman to make a major-league team, she
said, "Like a pig in mud," or words to that effect, and then turned and
released a squirt of tobacco juice from the wad of rum soaked plug in her
right cheek.  She chewed a rare brand of plug called Stuff It, which she
learned to chew when she was playing Nicaraguan summer ball.  She told the
writers, "They were so mean to me down there you couldn't write it in your
newspaper.  I took a gun everywhere I went, even to bed.  *Especially* to
bed.  Guys were after me like you can't believe.  That's when I started
chewing tobacco -- because no matter how bad anybody treats you, it's not
as bad as this.  This is the worst chew in the world.  After this,
everything else is peaches and cream."  The writers elected Gentleman Jim,
the Sparrow's P.R. guy, to bite off a chunk and tell them how it tasted,
and as he sat and chewed it tears ran down his old sunburnt cheeks and he
couldn't talk for a while. Then he whispered, "You've been chewing this for
two years?  God, I had no idea it was so hard to be a woman."
		-- Garrison Keillor


Life would be much simpler and things would get done much faster if it
weren't for other people.
		-- Blore


John Paul II is famous for his touring, and his quaint habit of pressing
his lips to foreign soil on his arrival.  This sparked some wit to remark:
	"The Pope has it backwards: he kisses the ground, and walks on
the women!"


He boil my first cabbage, make it awfully hot,
But when he put in the bacon, oooh, you know it overflow the pot.
		-- Bessie Smith, "Empty Bed Blues"


No live organism can continue for long to exist sanely under conditions of
absolute reality; even larks and katydids are supposed, by some, to dream.
Hill House, not sane, stood by itself against its hills, holding darkness
within; it had stood so for eighty years and might stand for eighty more.
Within, walls continued upright, bricks met neatly, floors were firm, and
doors were sensibly shut; silence lay steadily against the wood and stone
of Hill House, and whatever walked there, walked alone.
		-- Shirley Jackson, "The Haunting of Hill House"


A bunch of Polish scientists decided to flee their repressive government by
hijacking an airliner and forcing the pilot to fly them to the West.  They
drove to the airport, forced their way on board a large passenger jet, and
found there was no pilot on board.  Terrified, they listened as the sirens
got louder.  Finally, one of the scientists suggested that since he was an
experimentalist, he would try to fly the aircraft.
	He sat down at the controls and tried to figure them out.  The sirens
got louder and louder.  Armed men surrounded the jet.  The would be pilot's
friends cried out, "Please, please take off now!!!  Hurry!!!"
	The experimentalist calmly replied, "Have patience.  I'm just a simple
pole in a complex plane."


Q:	Why is Poland just like the United States?
A:	In the United States you can't buy anything for zlotys and in
	Poland you can't either, while in the U.S. you can get whatever
	you want for dollars, just as you can in Poland.
		-- being told in Poland, 1987


There are so many people wanting a piece of my ass that some of them
are having to take turns.
		-- T.K.


Damned if I know.  And you can be fuckin' sure I'll never rent no car
from Avis again.
		-- Herbie Sperling, on the meaning of two pistols and an
		   axe used in three murders being found in the trunk of
		   his rented car.


The introduction of a new kind of music must be shunned as imperiling
the whole state, for styles of music are never disturbed without
affecting the most important political institutions. ...  The new
style, gradually gaining a lodgement, quietly insinuates itself into
manners and customs, and from it ... goes on to attack laws and
constitutions, displaying the utmost impudence, until it ends by
overturning everything.
		-- Plato, "Republic", 370 B.C.


One, two, three, four
What are we fighting for?
Don't ask me I don't give a damn.
Next stop is Vietnam.
Five, six, seven, eight
Open up the pearly gates.
Ain't no time to wonder why
Whoopie!  We're all going to die.
		-- Country Joe and the Fish


BACHELOR:
	A guy who is footloose and fiancee-free.


Would it help if I got out and pushed?
		-- Princess Leia Organa


If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.
		-- Albert Einstein


Television is now so desperately hungry for material
that it is scraping the top of the barrel.
		-- Gore Vidal


Pilots should avoid using illegal drugs.
		-- AOPA's Pilot's Handbook, 1988


Argue for your limitations, and sure enough, they're yours.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


			Pittsburgh driver's test
3: When stopped at an intersection you should
	a) watch the traffic light for your lane.
	b) watch for pedestrians crossing the street.
	c) blow the horn.
	d) watch the traffic light for the intersecting street.
The correct answer is d.
You need to start as soon as the traffic light for the intersecting
street turns yellow.
Answer c is worth a half point.


What I do, first thing [in the morning], is I hop into the shower
stall.  Then I hop right back out, because when I hopped in I landed
barefoot right on top of See Threepio, a little plastic robot character
from "Star Wars" whom my son, Robert, likes to pull the legs off of
while he showers.  Then I hop right back into the stall because our
dog, Earnest, who has been alone in the basement all night building up
powerful dog emotions, has come bounding and quivering into the
bathroom and wants to greet me with 60 or 70 thousand playful nips, any
one of which -- bear in mind that I am naked and, without my contact
lenses, essentially blind -- could result in the kind of injury where
you have to learn a whole new part if you want to sing the "Messiah",
if you get my drift.  Then I hop right back out, because Robert, with
that uncanny sixth sense some children have -- you cannot teach it;
they either have it or they don't -- has chosen exactly that moment to
flush one of the toilets.  Perhaps several of them.
		-- Dave Barry, "Saving Face"


Woman is: finally screwing and your groin and buttocks and thighs ache like
hell and you're all wet and maybe bloody and it wasn't like a Hollywood
movie at all but Jesus at least you're not a virgin any more but is this
what it's all about?  And meanwhile, he's asking "Did you come?"
		-- Robin Morgan, "Sisterhood Is Powerful"


A.I. hackers do it with robots.


Magic is always the best solution -- especially reliable magic.


Don't put off for tomorrow what you can do today because
if you do it today, you can do it again tomorrow.


I told my doctor I got all the exercise I needed being a
pallbearer for all my friends who run and do exercises!
		-- Winston Churchill


Chicagoan:	"So, where're you from?"
Hoosier:	"What's wrong with Indiana?"


The light at the end of the tunnel may be an oncoming dragon.


Let the machine do the dirty work.
		-- Kernighan and Plauger, "The Elements of Programming Style"


Research is the best place to be: you work your buns off, and if it works
you're a hero; if it doesn't, well -- nobody else has done it yet either,
so you're still a valiant nerd.


Here in my heart, I am Helen;
	I'm Aspasia and Hero, at least.
I'm Judith, and Jael, and Madame de Stael;
	I'm Salome, moon of the East.

Here in my soul I am Sappho;
	Lady Hamilton am I, as well.
In me Recamier vies with Kitty O'Shea,
	With Dido, and Eve, and poor Nell.

I'm all of the glamorous ladies
	At whose beckoning history shook.
But you are a man, and see only my pan,
	So I stay at home with a book.
		-- Dorothy Parker


We have met the enemy, and he is us.
		-- Walt Kelly


The following statement is not true.
The previous statement is true.


The Reverend Henry Ward Beecher
Called a girl a most elegant creature.
	So she laid on her back
	And, exposing her crack,
Said, "Fuck that, you old Sunday School Teacher!"


When it comes to broken marriages most husbands will split the blame --
half his wife's fault, and half her mother's.


This is National Smokers-Are-Shits Week.


If you ever want to have a lot of fun, I recommend that you go off and program
an embedded system.  The salient characteristic of an embedded system is that
it cannot be allowed to get into a state from which only direct intervention
will suffice to remove it.  An embedded system can't permanently trust anything
it hears from the outside world.  It must sniff around, adapt, consider, sniff
around, and adapt again.  I'm not talking about ordinary modular programming
carefulness here.  No.  Programming an embedded system calls for undiluted
raging maniacal paranoia.  For example, our ethernet front ends need to know
what network number they are on so that they can address and route PUPs
properly.  How do you find out what your network number is?  Easy, you ask a
gateway.  Gateways are required by definition to know their correct network
numbers.  Once you've got your network number, you start using it and before
you can blink you've got it wired into fifteen different sockets spread all
over creation.  Now what happens when the panic-stricken operator realizes he
was running the wrong version of the gateway which was giving out the wrong
network number?  Never supposed to happen.  Tough.  Supposing that your
software discovers that the gateway is now giving out a different network
number than before, what's it supposed to do about it?  This is not discussed
in the protocol document.  Never supposed to happen.  Tough.  I think you
get my drift.


	Santa Claus comes down the chimney and the nubile sixteen-year-old
has been waiting for him.  Santa sees her, and in typically unflappable
Santa-style says, "And what do you want for Christmas, little girl?"
	The girl, and she's not so little, tells him.  Well, Santa is
definitely flapped by this, but he manages to come out with, "Ho ho ho,
gotta go, gotta get the children their toys, you know."
	The girl, not to be daunted, takes off her robe.  "Aw, please stay
Santa," she begs.
	He replies, "Ho ho ho, gotta go, gotta get the children their toys,
you know."
	She then takes off her pajama top, her firm pouting breasts pointing
at Santa like an accusation.  "Aw, please stay Santa," she pleads.
	"Ho ho ho, gotta go, gotta get the children their toys, you know."
	Finally, she takes off her pajama bottoms, revealing to Santa her
warm mound of delight.  "Aw, please stay, Santa," she begs.
	Being only mortal, Santa finally gives in, sighing, "Hey hey hey,
gotta stay, can't get up the chimney with my dick this way."


Brigands will demand your money or
your life, but a woman will demand both.
		-- Samuel Butler


The important thing is not to stop questioning.


Very few profundities can be expressed in less than 80 characters.


He's like a function -- he returns a value, in the form of
his opinion.  It's up to you to cast it into a void or not.
		-- Phil Lapsley


QOTD:
	"If he learns from his mistakes, pretty soon he'll know everything."


Possessions increase to fill the space available for their storage.
		-- Ryan


If you sell diamonds, you cannot expect to have many customers.
But a diamond is a diamond even if there are no customers.
		-- Swami Prabhupada


Said the attractive, cigar-smoking housewife to her girl-friend: "I
got started one night when George came home and found one burning in
the ashtray."


He's just like Capistrano, always ready for a few swallows.


College is like a woman -- you work so hard to get in, and nine months
later you wish you'd never come.


	An older student came to Otis and said, "I have been to see a
great number of teachers and I have given up a great number of pleasures.
I have fasted, been celibate and stayed awake nights seeking enlightenment.
I have given up everything I was asked to give up and I have suffered, but
I have not been enlightened.  What should I do?"
	Otis replied, "Give up suffering."
		-- Camden Benares, "Zen Without Zen Masters"


Sometimes, you just gotta say "What the fuck."
		-- Risky Business


Five names that I can hardly stand to hear,
Including yours and mine and one more chimp who isn't here,
I can see the ladies talking how the times is gettin' hard,
And that fearsome excavation on Magnolia boulevard,
Yes, I'm goin' insane,
And I'm laughing at the frozen rain,
Well, I'm so alone, honey when they gonna send me home?
	Bad sneakers and a pina colada my friend,
	Stopping on the avenue by Radio City, with a
	Transistor and a large sum of money to spend...
You fellah, you tearin' up the street,
You wear that white tuxedo, how you gonna beat the heat,
Do you take me for a fool, do you think that I don't see,
That ditch out in the Valley that they're diggin' just for me,
Yes, and goin' insane,
You know I'm laughin' at the frozen rain,
Feel like I'm so alone, honey when they gonna send me home?
(chorus)
		-- Bad Sneakers, "Steely Dan"


	"Surely you can't be serious."
	"I am serious, and don't call me Shirley."


