Runners do it alone.


Sometimes I get the feeling that I went to a party on Perry Lane in 1962, and
the party spilled out of the house, and came down the street, and covered the
world.
		-- Robert Stone


Aim for the moon.  If you miss, you may hit a star.
		-- W. Clement Stone


You are wise, witty, and wonderful,
but you spend too much time reading this sort of trash.


Did you hear about the model who sat
on a broken bottle and cut a nice figure?


	Mr. Hersh came home to find his wife sitting naked in front of the
mirror, admiring her breasts.
	"And what do you think you're doing?" he asked.
	"I went to the doctor today and he said I have the breasts of a
twenty-five-year-old."
	"Oh yeah?  And what did he have to say about your forty-year-old
ass?"
	"Nothing," she replied. "Your name didn't come up at all."


I regret to say that we of the F.B.I. are powerless to act in cases of
oral-genital intimacy, unless it has in some way obstructed interstate
commerce.
		-- J. Edgar Hoover


Mary had a little watch;
She swallowed it one day.
And so she took some Ex-Lax
To pass the time away.

But when she took the Ex-Lax
The time it did not pass.
So when you want to know the time,
Just look up Mary's ...
		Uncle, he has a watch, too.


Q:	How many IBM 370s does it take to execute a job?
A:	Four, three to hold it down, and one to rip its head off.


Getting there is only half as far as getting there and back.


Old Japanese proverb:
	There are two kinds of fools -- those who never climb Mt. Fuji,
and those who climb it twice.


Life -- Love It or Leave It.


Real wealth can only increase.
		-- R. Buckminster Fuller


It's later than you think, the joint
Russian-American space mission has already begun.


Without fools there would be no wisdom.


Stupid, n.:
	Losing $25 on the game and $25 on the instant replay.


Adler's Distinction:
	Language is all that separates us from the lower animals,
	and from the bureaucrats.


If I knew what brand [of whiskey] he drinks,
I would send a barrel or so to my other generals.
		-- Abraham Lincoln, on General Grant


Liberty is always dangerous, but it is the safest thing we have.
		-- Harry Emerson Fosdick


The average, healthy, well-adjusted adult gets up at seven-thirty in
the morning feeling just terrible.
		-- Jean Kerr


Modesty is a vastly overrated virtue.
		-- J. K. Galbraith


Sometimes I live in the country,
And sometimes I live in town.
And sometimes I have a great notion,
To jump in the river and drown.


The woman who lives on the moon
Is still cherishing the balloon
	Of an earthling who'd come
	And given her some,
But had dribbled away all too soon.


I attribute my success to intelligence, guts, determination, honesty,
ambition, and having enough money to buy people with those qualities.


Bore, n.:
	A guy who wraps up a two-minute idea in a two-hour vocabulary.
		-- Walter Winchell


The goal of science is to build better mousetraps.
The goal of nature is to build better mice.


The honest female orgasm is three to fifteen rhythmic contractions of the
outer third of the vagina at .8 second intervals, which is approximately
the beat of "Surfing Safari" by the Beach Boys.  Unless these contractions
occur, you can regard her groaning, moaning, clawing, kicking, begging for
mercy, and shouting filthy religious epithets as bargain-basement histrionics.
		-- John Hughes, National Lampoon


Clarke's Conclusion:
	Never let your sense of morals interfere with doing the right thing.


Come up and see me sometime.  Come Wednesday, that's amateur night.
		-- Mae West


Visiting a lawyer for advice, the wife said, "I want you to help me obtain a
divorce. My husband is getting a little queer to sleep with."
	What do you mean?" asked the attorney. "Does he force you to indulge
in unusual sex practices?"
	"No, he doesn't," replied the woman, "and neither does the little
queer."


Poland has gun control.


Men seldom show dimples to girls who have pimples.


You're not an alcoholic unless you go to the meetings.


	"Are you sure you're not an encyclopedia salesman?"
	"No, Ma'am.  Just a burglar, come to ransack the flat."
		-- Monty Python


Kliban's First Law of Dining:
	Never eat anything bigger than your head.


I don't care for the Sugar Smacks commercial.  I don't like the idea of
a frog jumping on my Breakfast.
		-- Lowell, Chicago Reader 10/15/82


Never let someone who says it cannot be done
interrupt the person who is doing it.


He's gallantry personified, in fact, his brochures ought to
read satisfaction guaranteed, or your virginity returned intact.


A pipe gives a wise man time to think
and a fool something to stick in his mouth.


Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
		-- Mark Twain


I like young girls.  Their stories are shorter.
		-- Tom McGuane


Usually, when a lot of men get together, it's called a war.
		-- Mel Brooks, "The Listener"


Remember, drive defensively!  And of course, the best defense is a good
offense!


A debugged program is one for which you have
not yet found the conditions that make it fail.
		-- Jerry Ogdin


The attacker must vanquish; the defender need only survive.


The [Ford Foundation] is a large body of money
completely surrounded by people who want some.
		-- Dwight MacDonald


If it's not one thing, it's a mother.


Come on, Virginia, don't make me wait!
Catholic girls start much too late,
Ah, but sooner or later, it comes down to fate,
I might as well be the one.
Well, they showed you a statue, told you to pray,
Built you a temple and locked you away,
Ah, but they never told you the price that you paid,
The things that you might have done.
So come on, Virginia, show me a sign,
Send up a signal, I'll throw you a line,
That stained glass curtain that you're hiding behind,
Never lets in the sun.
Darling, only the good die young!
		-- Billy Joel, "Only The Good Die Young"


Man 1:	Ask me.  "What is the most important thing about telling a good
	joke?"

Man 2:	OK, what is the most impo --

Man 1:	_T_I_M_I_N_G!


I braved the contempt of my friends last week and ventured out to see
Bambi, the Disney rerelease that is proving to be a hit once again in the
box office.  I was looking forward to a gentle, soothing, late afternoon
relief from the Washington Summer.  Instead I was traumatized.  As a
psycho-sexual return to the horrors of early adolescence, it couldn't be
more effective.  For the first half-hour, you're lulled into an agreeable
sense of security and comfort.  Birds twitter; small rabbits turn out to
be great conversationalists.  Pop is what Senator Moynihan would describe
as an absent father, but Mom's there to make you feel OK in the odd
thunderstorm.  You make great friends, fool around on the ice, discover
the meadow, generally mellow out.  Then, without any particular warning,
your mom gets shot, your voice breaks, huge growths start appearing on
your head, and your peers start heading off into the clover with the
apparent intention of having sex.  Next thing you know, the forest burns
down. If I were still eight, I think I'd prefer Rambo III.
		-- Townsend Davis


I have gained this by philosophy:
that I do without being commanded what others
do only from fear of the law.
		-- Aristotle


Real computer scientists don't comment their code.  The identifiers are
so long they can't afford the disk space.


My father was a creole, his father a Negro, and his father a monkey; my
family, it seems, begins where yours left off.
		-- Alexandre Dumas, pere


Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
		-- W. C. Fields


For every bloke who makes his mark,
there's half a dozen waiting to rub it out.
		-- Andy Capp


Your nature demands love and your happiness depends on it.


QOTD:
	"Talent does what it can, genius what it must.
	I do what I get paid to do."


I consider a new device or technology to have been
culturally accepted when it has been used to commit a murder.
		-- M. Gallaher


The public demands certainties;  it must be told definitely and a bit
raucously that this is true and that is false.  But there are no
certainties.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Prejudice"


It was a brave man that ate the first oyster.


You give me space to belong to myself yet without separating me
from your own life.  May it all turn out to your happiness.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Monday is an awful way to spend one seventh of your life.


It is not doing the thing we like to do, but liking the thing we have to do,
that makes life blessed.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


It's interesting to think that many quite
distinguished people have bodies similar to yours.


Tyger, Tyger, burning bright		Where the hammer?  Where the chain?
In the forests of the night,		In what furnace was thy brain?
What immortal hand or eye		What the anvil?  What dread grasp
Dare frame thy fearful symmetry?	Dare its deadly terrors clasp?

Burnt in distant deeps or skies		When the stars threw down their spears
The cruel fire of thine eyes?		And water'd heaven with their tears
On what wings dare he aspire?		Dare he laugh his work to see?
What the hand dare seize the fire?	Dare he who made the lamb make thee?

And what shoulder & what art		Tyger, Tyger, burning bright
Could twist the sinews of they heart?	In the forests of the night,
And when thy heart began to beat	What immortal hand or eye
What dread hand & what dread feet	Dare frame thy fearful symmetry?

Could fetch it from the furnace deep
And in thy horrid ribs dare steep
In the well of sanguine woe?
In what clay & in what mould
Were thy eyes of fury roll'd?
		-- William Blake, "The Tyger"


	On his first day as a bus driver, Maxey Eckstein handed in
receipts of $65.  The next day his take was $67.  The third day's
income was $62.  But on the fourth day, Eckstein emptied no less than
$283 on the desk before the cashier.
	"Eckstein!" exclaimed the cashier.  "This is fantastic.  That
route never brought in money like this!  What happened?"
	"Well, after three days on that cockamamie route, I figured
business would never improve, so I drove over to Fourteenth Street and
worked there.  I tell you, that street is a gold mine!"


Q:	What regular expression do you often see around Christmas?
A:	[^L]


According to a recent and unscientific national survey, smiling is something
everyone should do at least 6 times a day.  In an effort to increase the
national average (the US ranks third among the world's superpowers in
smiling), Xerox has instructed all personnel to be happy, effervescent, and
most importantly, to smile.  Xerox employees agree, and even feel strongly
that they can not only meet but surpass the national average...  except for
Tubby Ackerman.  But because Tubby does such a fine job of racing around
parking lots with a large butterfly net retrieving floating IC chips, Xerox
decided to give him a break.  If you see Tubby in a parking lot he may have
a sheepish grin.  This is where the expression, "Service with a slightly
sheepish grin" comes from.


Flirt, n.:
	A girl whose favorite man is the next one.


Fortune's Office Door Sign of the Week:

	Incorrigible punster -- Do not incorrige.


Faith, n.:
	That quality which enables us to
	believe what we know to be untrue.


Q:	What do you say to a New Yorker with a job?
A:	Big Mac, fries and a Coke, please!


Qvid me anxivs svm?


There's nothing to writing.  All you do is sit at a typewriter
and open a vein.
		-- Red Smith


An Ada exception is when a routine gets
in trouble and says "Beam me up, Scotty."


Begathon, n.:
	A multi-day event on public television, used to raise money so
you won't have to watch commercials.


I:
	The best way to make a silk purse from a sow's ear is to begin
	with a silk sow.  The same is true of money.
II:
	If today were half as good as tomorrow is supposed to be, it would
	probably be twice as good as yesterday was.
III:
	There are no lazy veteran lion hunters.
IV:
	If you can afford to advertise, you don't need to.
V:
	One-tenth of the participants produce over one-third of the output.
	Increasing the number of participants merely reduces the average
	output.
		-- Norman Augustine


Many are called, few are chosen.
Fewer still get to do the choosing.


If it's Tuesday, this must be someone else's fortune.


Miss Mona:	You know what burns my ass?
Ed Earl:	What?
Miss Mona:	A flame about three feet high!
		-- Dolly Parton and Burt Reynolds,
		   "The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas"


It is the business of little minds to shrink.
		-- Carl Sandburg


Old musicians never die, they just decompose.


Data is not information;
Information is not knowledge;
Knowledge is not wisdom;
		-- Gary Flake


	A man walks into a bar and says: "I'd like a shot of twelve-year-old
Scotch".  The bartender, who figures the guy is just being obnoxious, reaches
down under the bar and pours him a shot of bar Scotch.  The man takes one sip
and says: "Hey, bartender, I asked you for some twelve-year-old Scotch -- this
is eight-year-old Scotch."
	The bartender reaches behind the bar for the twelve-year-old Scotch,
pours a shot, hands it to the man and says "I've got to hand it to you --
most guys who come in here asking for twelve-year-old Scotch have never even
had it -- they're just being pricks.  But you really know your Scotch -- this
is on the house."
	A drunk has been sitting at the other end of the bar watching this
conversation.  He walks up to the man, hands him a glass and says "Taste this."
The man does -- and spits it out yelling, "This tastes like piss!"  To which
the drunk replies, "It is -- but how old am I?"


What, after all, is a halo?  It's only one more thing to keep clean.
		-- Christopher Fry


	"I suppose you expect me to talk."
	"No, Mr. Bond.  I expect you to die."
		-- Goldfinger


Conscience is a mother-in-law whose visit never ends.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow we diet.


Proper treatment will cure a cold in seven days,
but left to itself, a cold will hang on for a week.
		-- Darrell Huff


The New Testament offers the basis for modern computer coding theory,
in the form of an affirmation of the binary number system.

	But let your communication be Yea, yea; nay, nay:
	for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil.

		-- Matthew 5:37


The bottom-up approach always gets me buggered.
		-- Sidney J. Hurtubise


You can get *anywhere* in ten minutes if you drive fast enough.


It's multiple choice time...

	What is FORTRAN?

	a: Between thre and fiv tran.
	b: What two computers engage in before they interface.
	c: Ridiculous.


After twelve years of therapy my psychiatrist said something that
brought tears to my eyes.  He said, "No hablo ingles."
		-- Ronnie Shakes


BAD CRAZINESS, MAN!!!


Sho' they got to have it against the law.  Shoot, ever'body git high,
they wouldn't be nobody git up and feed the chickens.  Hee-hee.
		-- Terry Southern


And this is a table ma'am.  What in essence it consists of is a horizontal
rectilinear plane surface maintained by four vertical columnar supports,
which we call legs.  The tables in this laboratory, ma'am, are as advanced
in design as one will find anywhere in the world.
		-- Michael Frayn, "The Tin Men"


Work consists of whatever a body is obliged to do.
Play consists of whatever a body is not obliged to do.
		-- Mark Twain


The shifts of Fortune test the reliability of friends.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero


College football is a game which would be much more interesting if the
faculty played instead of the students, and even more interesting if
the trustees played.  There would be a great increase in broken arms,
legs, and necks, and simultaneously an appreciable diminution in the
loss to humanity.
		-- H. L. Mencken


BETTER LATE THAN NEVER:
	The single girl's motto.


I will honour Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the
year.  I will live in the Past, the Present, and the Future.  The
Spirits of all Three shall strive within me.  I will not shut out
the lessons that they teach.  Oh, tell me that I may sponge away the
writing on this stone!
		-- Charles Dickens


Do not do unto others as you would they should do unto you.
Their tastes may not be the same.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Preserve the old, but know the new.


Farmers in the Iowa State survey rated machinery breakdowns more
stressful than divorce.
		-- Wall Street Journal


Any girl who believes that the way to a man's heart is through
his stomach is obviously setting her standards too high.


Hear about...
	the perverted Australian who left his wife and returned to Sydney?


I cannot overemphasize the importance of good grammar.

What a crock.  I could easily overemphasize the importance of good
grammar.  For example, I could say: "Bad grammar is the leading cause
of slow, painful death in North America," or "Without good grammar, the
United States would have lost World War II."
		-- Dave Barry, "An Utterly Absurd Look at Grammar"


4.2 BSD UNIX #57: Sun Jun 1 23:02:07 EDT 1986

You swing at the Sun.  You miss.  The Sun swings.  He hits you with a
575MB disk!  You read the 575MB disk.  It is written in an alien
tongue and cannot be read by your tired Sun-2 eyes.  You throw the
575MB disk at the Sun.  You hit!  The Sun must repair your eyes.  The
Sun reads a scroll.  He hits your 130MB disk!  He has defeated the
130MB disk!  The Sun reads a scroll.  He hits your Ethernet board!  He
has defeated your Ethernet board!  You read a scroll of "postpone until
Monday at 9 AM".  Everything goes dark...
		-- /etc/motd, cbosgd


"No program is perfect,"
They said with a shrug.
"The customer's happy--
What's one little bug?"

But he was determined,			Then change two, then three more,
The others went home.			As year followed year.
He dug out the flow chart		And strangers would comment,
Deserted, alone.			"Is that guy still here?"

Night passed into morning.		He died at the console
The room was cluttered			Of hunger and thirst
With core dumps, source listings.	Next day he was buried
"I'm close," he muttered.		Face down, nine edge first.

Chain smoking, cold coffee,		And his wife through her tears
Logic, deduction.			Accepted his fate.
"I've got it!" he cried,		Said "He's not really gone,
"Just change one instruction."		He's just working late."
		-- The Perfect Programmer


Just how difficult it is to write biography can be reckoned by anybody
who sits down and considers just how many people know the real truth
about his or her love affairs.
		-- Rebecca West


Debugging is anticipated with distaste, performed with reluctance,
and bragged about forever. -- Button at the Boston Computer Museum


If you think the system is working,
ask someone who's waiting for a prompt.


You have Egyptian flu: you're going to be a mummy.


Aliquid melius quam pessimum optimum non est.


As Rev. Spooner would say, you are a shining wit.


Someone did a study of the three most-often-heard phrases in New York
City.  One is "Hey, taxi."  Two is, "What train do I take to get to
Bloomingdale's?"  And three is, "Don't worry.  It's just a flesh wound."
		-- David Letterman


Measure twice, cut once.


IBM Advanced Systems Group -- a bunch of mindless jerks,
who'll be first against the wall when the revolution comes...
		-- with regrets to Douglas Adams


Faith goes out through the window when beauty comes in at the door.


Many changes of mind and mood; do not hesitate too long.


Once a word has been allowed to escape, it cannot be recalled.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


As Gen. de Gaulle occasionally acknowledges America to be the daughter
of Europe, so I am pleased to come to Yale, the daughter of Harvard.
		-- John F. Kennedy


A beachcomber of 25 had been shipwrecked on a desert island since the age of
six.  One day, while in search of food, he stumbled across a beautifully
sensuous female lying on the beach nearly naked; she'd been washed ashore from
another shipwreck that morning.  After they got over their initial surprise
at seeing each other, the girl wanted to know how long he had been alone on
this barren bit of land.
	"Almost twenty years," he answered.
	"Twenty years!" she exclaimed.  "But how ever did you survive?"
	"Oh, I fish, dig for clams, and gather berries and coconuts," he
replied.
	"And what do you do for sex?" she asked.
	"What's that?"  He looked puzzled.
	Whereupon the maiden pulled the innocent young man down onto the sand
beside her and proceeded to demonstrate.  After they had finished, she asked
how he had enjoyed it.
	"Great!" was the reply.  "But look what it did to my clamdigger!"


You know, the difference between this company and
the Titanic is that the Titanic had paying customers.


I don't like the Dutchman.  He's a crocodile.  He's sneaky.
I don't trust him.
		-- Jack "Legs" Diamond, just before a peace conference
		   with Dutch Schultz.

I don't trust Legs.  He's nuts.  He gets excited and starts pulling a
trigger like another guy wipes his nose.
		-- Dutch Schultz, just before a peace conference with
		   "Legs" Diamond.


Dentist, n.:
	A Prestidigitator who, putting metal in one's mouth,
	pulls coins out of one's pockets.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


	Thompson, if he is to be believed, has sampled the entire
rainbow of legal and illegal drugs in heroic efforts to feel better
than he does.
	As for the truth about his health: I have asked around about
it.  I am told that he appears to be strong and rosy, and steadily
sane.  But we will be doing what he wants us to do, I think, if we
consider his exterior a sort of Dorian Gray facade.  Inwardly, he is
being eaten alive by tinhorn politicians.
	The disease is fatal.  There is no known cure.  The most we can
do for the poor devil, it seems to me, is to name his disease in his
honor.  From this moment on, let all those who feel that Americans can
be as easily led to beauty as to ugliness, to truth as to public
relations, to joy as to bitterness, be said to be suffering from Hunter
Thompson's disease.  I don't have it this morning.  It comes and goes.
This morning I don't have Hunter Thompson's disease.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr. on Dr. Hunter S. Thompson: Excerpt
		   from "A Political Disease", Vonnegut's review of "Fear
		   and Loathing: On the Campaign Trail '72"


With listening comes wisdom, with speaking repentance.


I don't want to bore you, but there's nobody else around for me to bore.


	In the beginning there was only one kind of Mathematician, created by
the Great Mathematical Spirit form the Book: the Topologist.  And they grew to
large numbers and prospered.
	One day they looked up in the heavens and desired to reach up as far
as the eye could see.  So they set out in building a Mathematical edifice that
was to reach up as far as "up" went.  Further and further up they went ...
until one night the edifice collapsed under the weight of paradox.
	The following morning saw only rubble where there once was a huge
structure reaching to the heavens.  One by one, the Mathematicians climbed
out from under the rubble.  It was a miracle that nobody was killed; but when
they began to speak to one another, SURPRISE of all surprises! they could not
understand each other.  They all spoke different languages.  They all fought
amongst themselves and each went about their own way.  To this day the
Topologists remain the original Mathematicians.
		-- The Story of Babel


Sharks are as tough as those football fans who take their shirts off
during games in Chicago in January, only more intelligent.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sex and the Single Amoeba: What Every
		   Teen Should Know"


User, n.:
	A programmer who will believe anything you tell him.


Secrecy is the beginning of tyranny.


Lawyer, n.:
	Someone who can get a sodomy charge changed to "following too
	closely."


Psychoanalysis is that mental illness for which it regards itself
a therapy.
		-- Karl Kraus

Psychiatry is the care of the id by the odd.

Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you.
		-- Carl G. Jung


Overheard:
	"How do I feel?  Great!  And I kiss pretty good, too!"


HERPES:
	The final proof that 'tis better to give than to receive.
	Much better.


I know what you're up to, you white-feathered fiend!
Go release your bowels on some lesser personage!
		-- W. C. Fields, upon seeing a bird overhead


	Sixtus V, Pope from 1585 to 1590 authorized a printing of the
Vulgate Bible.  Taking no chances, the pope issued a papal bull
automatically excommunicating any printer who might make an alteration
in the text.  This he ordered printed at the beginning of the Bible.
He personally examined every sheet as it came off the press.  Yet the
published Vulgate Bible contained so many errors that corrected scraps
had to be printed and pasted over them in every copy.  The result
provoked wry comments on the rather patchy papal infallibility, and
Pope Sixtus had no recourse but to order the return and destruction of
every copy.


The great question that has never been answered and which I have not
yet been able to answer despite my thirty years of research into the
feminine soul is: WHAT DOES A WOMAN WANT?
		-- Sigmund Freud


	"Do you cheat on your wife?" asked the psychiatrist.
	"Who else?" answered the patient.


	A white man was traveling with Indian (American) out West.  The
Indian stops, puts his ear to the ground, and says, "Buffalo come."
	The white man looks around in all directions, sees nothing for
miles and asks the Indian how the hell he knows that.
	Replies the Indian, "Ear wet."
		-- Lily Tomlin, "The Search for Signs of Intelligent
		   Life in the Universe"


If it flies, floats or fucks, rent it, don't buy it.
		-- Tommy Earl Bruner


Grelb's Reminder:
	Eighty percent of all people consider
	themselves to be above average drivers.


Pardo's First Postulate:
	Anything good in life is either illegal, immoral, or
fattening.

Arnold's Addendum:
	Anything not fitting into these categories causes cancer in rats.


"I'm a doctor, not a mechanic."
		-- "The Doomsday Machine", when asked if he had heard of
		   the idea of a doomsday machine.
"I'm a doctor, not an escalator."
		-- "Friday's Child", when asked to help the very pregnant
		   Ellen up a steep incline.
"I'm a doctor, not a bricklayer."
		-- "Devil in the Dark", when asked to patch up the Horta.
"I'm a doctor, not an engineer."
		-- "Mirror, Mirror", when asked by Scotty for help in
		   Engineering aboard the USS Enterprise.
"I'm a doctor, not a coal miner."
		-- "The Empath", on being beneath the surface of Minara 2.
"I'm a surgeon, not a psychiatrist."
		-- "City on the Edge of Forever", on Edith Keeler's remark
		   that Kirk talked strangely.
"I'm no magician, Spock, just an old country doctor."
		-- "The Deadly Years", to Spock while trying to cure the
		   aging effects of the rogue comet near Gamma Hydra 4.
"What am I, a doctor or a moon shuttle conductor?"
		-- "The Corbomite Maneuver", when Kirk rushed off from a
		   physical exam to answer the alert.


There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers,
having been originally breathed into a few forms or into one; and that,
whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of
gravity, from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and
most wonderful have been, and are being, evolved.
		-- Darwin


For people who like that kind of book,
that is the kind of book they will like.


The State of California has no business subsidizing intellectual
curiosity.
		-- Ronald Reagan


IBM Advanced Systems Group -- a bunch of mindless jerks,
who'll be first against the wall when the revolution comes...
		-- with regrets to Douglas Adams


Whenever someone tells you to take their advice,
you can be pretty sure that they're not using it.


X windows:
	Something you can be ashamed of.
	30%% more entropy than the leading window system.
	The first fully modular software disaster.
	Rome was destroyed in a day.
	Warn your friends about it.
	Climbing to new depths.  Sinking to new heights.
	An accident that couldn't wait to happen.
	Don't wait for the movie.
	Never use it after a big meal.
	Need we say less?
	Plumbing the depths of human incompetence.
	It'll make your day.
	Don't get frustrated without it.
	Power tools for power losers.
	A software disaster of Biblical proportions.
	Never had it.  Never will.
	The software with no visible means of support.
	More than just a generation behind.

Hindenburg.  Titanic.  Edsel.
	X windows.


Better the prince of some inferior court,
Than second, or less, in beatific light.
		-- Lucifer, Joost van den Vondel's "Lucifer"


I'd never cry if I did find
	A blue whale in my soup...
Nor would I mind a porcupine
	Inside a chicken coop.
Yes life is fine when things combine,
	Like ham in beef chow mein...
But lord, this time I think I mind,
	They've put acid in my rain.
		-- Milo Bloom


Stupidity is its own reward.


There cannot be a crisis next week.  My schedule is already full.
		-- Henry Kissinger


Q:	How many WASPs does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	One.


Where is John Carson now that we need him?
		-- RLG


	Barbra Walters was doing a documentary on the customs of American
Indians.  After a tour of a reservation they were on, she was curious as to
the number of feathers in the headdresses.  She asked a brave who had only
one feather in his headdress.  His reply was, "Me have only one squaw, me
have only one feather."  She asked another brave, feeling the first fellow
was only joking.  This brave had four feathers in his headdress.  He replied,
"Me have four feathers, because me sleep with four squaws."
	Still not convinced the number of feathers indicated the number of
squaws involved, she decided to interview the Chief.  Now the Chief had a
headdress full of feathers which, needless to say, amused Ms. Walters.
Ms. W:	"Why do you have so many feathers in your headdress?"
Chief:	"Me Chief, me fuck-em all, big, small, fat, tall,
		me fuck-em all."
Ms. W:	"You ought to be hung!"
Chief:	"You damned right, me hung.  Big like buffalo, long like snake."
Ms. W:	"You don't have to be so hostile!"
Chief:	"Hoss-style, dog-style, wolf-style, any-style, me fuck-em all."
Ms. W:	"Oh, dear!"
Chief:	"No deer, me no fuck deer.  Asshole too high and fuckers run
		too fast."


A journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance from Sam.


Progress means replacing a theory that
is wrong with one more subtly wrong.


A liberal is a man too broad minded to take his own side in a quarrel.
		-- Robert Frost


The Great Movie Posters:

KATHERINE HEPBURN as the lying, stealing, singing, preying witch girl
of the Ozarks... "Low down white trash"?  Maybe so -- but let her hear
you say it and she'll break your head to prove herself a lady!
		-- Spitfire (1934)

Do Native Women Live With Apes?
		-- Love Life of a Gorilla (1937)

JUNGLE KISS!!
	When she looked into his eyes, felt his arms around her -- she
was no longer Tura, mysterious white goddess of the jungle tribes --
she was no longer the frozen-hearted high priestess under whose hypnotic
spell the worshipers of the great crocodile god meekly bowed -- she
was a girl in love!
	SEE the ravening charge of the hundred scared CROCODILES!
		-- Her Jungle Love (1938)

LOVE! HATE! JOY! FEAR! TORMENT! PANIC! SHAME! RAGE!
		-- Intermezzo (1939)


I have a hobby.  I have the world's largest collection of sea shells.
I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world.  Maybe you've seen
some of it.
		-- Steven Wright


God is omnipotent, omniscient, and omnibenevolent -- it says so right here
on the label.  If you have a mind capable of believing all three of these
divine attributes simultaneously, I have a wonderful bargain for you.  No
checks, please.  Cash and in small bills.
		-- Lazarus Long


There may be said to be two classes of people in the world; those who
constantly divide the people of the world into two classes and those
who do not.
		-- Robert Benchley


The secret of success is sincerity.  Once you can fake that,
you've got it made.
		-- Jean Giraudoux


We're happy little Vegemites,
	As bright as bright can be.
We all enjoy our Vegemite
	For breakfast, lunch and tea.


The secret of success is sincerity.  Once you can fake that,
you've got it made.
		-- Jean Giraudoux


