What ever happened to happily ever after?


Yacc owes much to a most stimulating collection of users, who have
goaded me beyond my inclination, and frequently beyond my ability in
their endless search for "one more feature".  Their irritating
unwillingness to learn how to do things my way has usually led to my
doing things their way; most of the time, they have been right.
		-- Stephen C. Johnson, "Yacc guide acknowledgments"


Courage is fear that has said its prayers.


Grabel's Law:
	2 is not equal to 3 -- not even for large values of 2.


Premature ejaculator, n.:
	Troubled shooter.


Hope is a waking dream.
		-- Aristotle


Silence is the only virtue you have left.


One has to look out for engineers -- they begin with sewing machines
and end up with the atomic bomb.
		-- Marcel Pagnol


The plot was designed in a light vein that somehow became varicose.
		-- David Lardner


FreeBSD: It's 3am at night.  Do you know where your fairings are?


Visiting a lawyer for advice, the wife said, "I want you to help me obtain a
divorce. My husband is getting a little queer to sleep with."
	What do you mean?" asked the attorney. "Does he force you to indulge
in unusual sex practices?"
	"No, he doesn't," replied the woman, "and neither does the little
queer."


Women, when they have made a sheep of a man,
always tell him that he is a lion with a will of iron.
		-- Honore de Balzac


God may be subtle, but He isn't plain mean.
		-- Albert Einstein


Kaufman's First Law of Party Physics:
	Population density is inversely proportional
	to the square of the distance from the keg.


Fortune's Exercising Truths:

1:  Richard Simmons gets paid to exercise like a lunatic.  You don't.
2.  Aerobic exercises stimulate and speed up the heart.  So do heart attacks.
3.  Exercising around small children can scar them emotionally for life.
4.  Sweating like a pig and gasping for breath is not refreshing.
5.  No matter what anyone tells you, isometric exercises cannot be done
    quietly at your desk at work.  People will suspect manic tendencies as
    you twitter around in your chair.
6.  Next to burying bones, the thing a dog enjoys most is tripping joggers.
7.  Locking four people in a tiny, cement-walled room so they can run around
    for an hour smashing a little rubber ball -- and each other -- with a hard
    racket should immediately be recognized for what it is: a form of insanity.
8.  Fifty push-ups, followed by thirty sit-ups, followed by ten chin-ups,
    followed by one throw-up.
9.  Any activity that can't be done while smoking should be avoided.


Beware of geeks bearing graft.


Man-hour, n.:
	A sexist, obsolete measure of macho effort, equal to 60 Kiplings.


The King and his advisor are overlooking the battle field:

King:		"How goes the battle plan?"
Advisor:	"See those little black specks running to the right?"
K:	"Yes."
A:	"Those are their guys. And all those little red specks running
	to the left are our guys. Then when they collide we wait till
	the dust clears."
K:	"And?"
A:	"If there are more red specks left than black specks, we win."
K:	"But what about the ^#!!$% battle plan?"
A:	"So far, it seems to be going according to specks."


You have all eternity to be cautious in when you're dead.
		-- Lois Platford


Objectivity is to a newspaper what virtue is to a woman.
		-- Joseph Pulitzer


Your manuscript is both good and original, but the part that is good is not
original and the part that is original is not good.
		-- Samuel Johnson


The surest way to remain a winner is to
win once, and then not play any more.


'Twas orgy, and the hip and mod		And as in raffish thought he sprawled,
Did groove and trip out at the pad:	The Radcliffe girl, no idle flirt,
All whimsy were the slamming chicks,	Crept past the hippies getting balled
And the Radcliffe undergrad.		And doffed her miniskirt.

"Beware the Radcliffe girl, my son!	One, two!  One, two!  And through
The looks that melt, the claws that		and through
	catch!				The venerable staff went snicker-snack!
Beware the Byrn Mawr deb, and shun	He left her bred, sans maidenhead,
The uppity Wellesleysnatch!"		And went galumphing back.

He took his venerable staff in hand:	"And hast thou laid the Radcliffe girl?
Long time the cool young stuff he	Come to my arms, my horny boy!
	sought --			O spaced-out day!  Calooh!  Callay!"
So rested he among the spree		He cackled in his joy.
And paused to smoke some pot.
					'Twas orgy, and the hip and mod
					Did groove and trip out at the pad:
					All whimsy were the slamming chicks,
					And the Radcliffe undergrad.


Sacher's Observation:
	Some people grow with responsibility -- others merely swell.


	Festivity Level 1: Your guests are chatting amiably with each
other, admiring your Christmas-tree ornaments, singing carols around
the upright piano, sipping at their drinks and nibbling hors
d'oeuvres.
	Festivity Level 2: Your guests are talking loudly -- sometimes
to each other, and sometimes to nobody at all, rearranging your
Christmas-tree ornaments, singing "I Gotta Be Me" around the upright
piano, gulping their drinks and wolfing down hors d'oeuvres.
	Festivity Level 3: Your guests are arguing violently with
inanimate objects, singing "I can't get no satisfaction," gulping down
other peoples' drinks, wolfing down Christmas tree ornaments and
placing hors d'oeuvres in the upright piano to see what happens when
the little hammers strike.
	Festivity Level 4: Your guests, hors d'oeuvres smeared all over
their naked bodies are performing a ritual dance around the burning
Christmas tree.  The piano is missing.

	You want to keep your party somewhere around level 3, unless
you rent your home and own Firearms, in which case you can go to level
4.  The best way to get to level 3 is egg-nog.


The Official MBA Handbook on doing company business on an airplane:

	Do not work openly on top-secret company cost documents unless
	you have previously ascertained that the passenger next to you
	is blind, a rock musician on mood-ameliorating drugs, or the
	unfortunate possessor of a forty-seventh chromosome.


Odets, where is thy sting?
		-- George S. Kaufman


Washington [D.C.] is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm.
		-- John F. Kennedy


	I'm sure that VMS is completely documented, I just haven't found the
right manual yet.  I've been working my way through the manuals in the document
library and I'm half way through the second cabinet, (3 shelves to go), so I
should find what I'm looking for by mid May.  I hope I can remember what it
was by the time I find it.
	I had this idea for a new horror film, "VMS Manuals from Hell" or maybe
"The Paper Chase: IBM vs. DEC".  It's based on Hitchcock's "The Birds", except
that it's centered around a programmer who is attacked by a swarm of binder
pages with an index number and the single line "This page intentionally left
blank."
		-- Alex Crain


Hear about...
	the girl who called her boyfriend Amaretto, 'cause he was
	such a sweet liquor?


	A manager was about to be fired, but a programmer who worked for him
invented a new program that became popular and sold well.  As a result, the
manager retained his job.
	The manager tried to give the programmer a bonus, but the programmer
refused it, saying, "I wrote the program because I though it was an interesting
concept, and thus I expect no reward."
	The manager, upon hearing this, remarked, "This programmer, though he
holds a position of small esteem, understands well the proper duty of an
employee.  Lets promote him to the exalted position of management consultant!"
	But when told this, the programmer once more refused, saying, "I exist
so that I can program.  If I were promoted, I would do nothing but waste
everyone's time.  Can I go now?  I have a program that I'm working on."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Ralph:	Lisa, you have no tits and an awful tight pussy.
Lisa:	Ralph... get off my back!!


The computer gets faster! --Moore--


Be different: conform.


   n = (n & 0x55555555) + ((n & 0xaaaaaaaa) >> 1);
   n = (n & 0x33333333) + ((n & 0xcccccccc) >> 2);
   n = (n & 0x0f0f0f0f) + ((n & 0xf0f0f0f0) >> 4);
   n = (n & 0x00ff00ff) + ((n & 0xff00ff00) >> 8);
   n = (n & 0x0000ffff) + ((n & 0xffff0000) >> 16);

		-- C code which counts the bits in a word


If you always postpone pleasure you will never have it.
Quit work and play for once!


Do not drink coffee in early A.M.  It will keep you awake until noon.


The ideal voice for radio may be defined as showing no substance,
no sex, no owner, and a message of importance for every housewife.
		-- Harry V. Wade


Patch griefs with proverbs.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Much Ado About Nothing"


	Max told his friend that he'd just as soon not go hiking in the hills.
Said he, "I'm an anti-climb Max."


SWEATER:
	A garment worn by a child when their mother feels chilly.


Youth had been a habit of hers so long that she could not part with it.


The most romantic thing any woman ever said to me in bed was
"Are you sure you're not a cop?"
		-- Larry Brown


The flush toilet is the basis of Western civilization.
		-- Alan Coult


Of all possible committee reactions to any given agenda item, the
reaction that will occur is the one which will liberate the greatest
amount of hot air.
		-- Thomas L. Martin


There's no such thing as a free lunch.
		-- Milton Friendman


People who fight fire with fire usually end up with ashes.
		-- Abigail Van Buren


The man who said "A bird in the hand's worth two in the bush" has been
putting his bird in the *WRONG* bushes.


Without fools there would be no wisdom.


Immanuel Kant was a real pissant who was very rarely stable.
Heidegger, Heidegger was a boozy beggar who could think you under the table.
David Hume could out-consume Schopenhauer and Hegel,
And Wittgenstein was a beery swine who was just as schloshed as Schlegel.
There's nothing Nietzsche couldn't teach ya 'bout the raising of the wrist.
Socrates, himself, was permanently pissed!

John Stuart Mill, of his own free will,
On half a pint of shandy was particularly ill.
Plato, they say, could stick it away, half a crate of whiskey every day.
Aristotle, Aristotle was a bugger for the bottle,
Hobbes was fond of his dram,
And Rene Descartes was a drunken fart: "I drink, therefore I am".
Yes, Socrates, himself, is particularly missed;
A lovely little thinker but a bugger when he's pissed!
		-- Monty Python, "The Philosopher's Drinking Song"


You are the only person to ever get this message.


	Bill had just returned from a week of honeymooning, and his best
friend asked him how it went.
	"The first night we did it nine times," Bill said.  "The second
night, eight times.  The third night, seven times.  The fourth night, six
times.  The fifth night, five times.  The sixth night, four times, and the
last night, nothing!"
	"Nothing?" his pal asked.  "How come?"
	"Hey, you ever tried putting a marshmallow in a parking meter?"


Commitment, n.:
	Commitment can be illustrated by a breakfast of ham and eggs.
	The chicken was involved, the pig was committed.


Business is a good game -- lots of competition
and minimum of rules.  You keep score with money.
		-- Nolan Bushnell, founder of Atari


Maybe you can't buy happiness, but
these days you can certainly charge it.


	"Uncle Cosmo ... why do they call this a word processor?"
	"It's simple, Skyler ... you've seen what food processors do to
food, right?"
		-- MacNelley, "Shoe"


   n = (n & 0x55555555) + ((n & 0xaaaaaaaa) >> 1);
   n = (n & 0x33333333) + ((n & 0xcccccccc) >> 2);
   n = (n & 0x0f0f0f0f) + ((n & 0xf0f0f0f0) >> 4);
   n = (n & 0x00ff00ff) + ((n & 0xff00ff00) >> 8);
   n = (n & 0x0000ffff) + ((n & 0xffff0000) >> 16);

		-- C code which counts the bits in a word


Base 8 is just like base 10, if you are missing two fingers.
		-- Tom Lehrer


Greatness is a transitory experience. It is never consistent.


This fortune cookie program out of order.  For those in desperate
need, please use the program "randchar".  This program generates
random characters, and, given enough time, will undoubtedly come
up with something profound.  It will, however, take it no time at
all to be more profound than THIS program has ever been.


If you've done six impossible things before breakfast, why not round it
off with dinner at Milliway's, the restaurant at the end of the universe.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the End of the Universe"


File cabinet:
	A four drawer, manually activated trash compactor.


Woman on Street:	Sir, you are drunk; very, very drunk.
Winston Churchill:	Madame, you are ugly; very, very ugly.
			I shall be sober in the morning.


Try to divide your time evenly to keep others happy.


Oh, I am a C programmer and I'm okay
	I muck with indices and structs all day
And when it works, I shout hoo-ray
	Oh, I am a C programmer and I'm okay


You have a strong appeal for members of the opposite sex.


A man said to the Universe:
	"Sir, I exist!"
	"However," replied the Universe,
	"the fact has not created in me a sense of obligation."
		-- Stephen Crane


No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
		-- Eleanor Roosevelt


Science is what happens when preconception meets verification.


The Celts invented two things, Whiskey and self-destruction.


A holding company is a thing where you hand
an accomplice the goods while the policeman searches you.


There's nothing remarkable about it.  All one has to do is hit the right
keys at the right time and the instrument plays itself.
		-- J. S. Bach


Howard Cosell's biggest protrusion is his asshole.
		-- John Valby


Life may have no meaning, or, even worse,
it may have a meaning of which you disapprove.


There is much Obi-Wan did not tell you.
		-- Darth Vader


Hating the Yankees is as American as pizza pie,
unwed mothers and cheating on your income tax.
		-- Mike Royko


RULES OF EATING -- THE BRONX DIETER'S CREED
	(1)  Never eat on an empty stomach.
	(2)  Never leave the table hungry.
	(3)  When traveling, never leave a country hungry.
	(4)  Enjoy your food.
	(5)  Enjoy your companion's food.
	(6)  Really taste your food.  It may take several portions to
	     accomplish this, especially if subtly seasoned.
	(7)  Really feel your food.  Texture is important.  Compare,
	     for example, the texture of a turnip to that of a
	     brownie.  Which feels better against your cheeks?
	(8)  Never eat between snacks, unless it's a meal.
	(9)  Don't feel you must finish everything on your plate.  You
	     can always eat it later.
	(10) Avoid any wine with a childproof cap.
	(11) Avoid blue food.
		-- Richard Smith, "The Bronx Diet"


In the Spring, I have counted 136
different kinds of weather inside of 24 hours.
		-- Mark Twain, on New England weather


A prominent broadcaster, on a big-game safari in Africa, was taken to a
watering hole where the life of the jungle could be observed. As he
looked down from his tree platform and described the scene into his
tape recorder, he saw two gnus grazing peacefully. So preoccupied were
they that they failed to observe the approach of a pride of lions led
by two magnificent specimens, obviously the leaders. The lions charged,
killed the gnus, and dragged them into the bushes where their feasting
could not be seen.  A little while later the two kings of the jungle
emerged and the radioman recorded on his tape: "Well, that's the end of
the gnus and here, once again, are the head lions."


	An old maid wanted to travel by bus to the pet cemetery with the
remains of her cat.  As she boarded the bus, she whispered to the driver,
"I have a dead pussy."
	The driver pointed to the woman in the seat behind him and said,
"Sit with my wife.  You two have a lot in common."


I just need enough to tide me over until I need more.
		-- Bill Hoest


People with narrow minds usually have broad tongues.


	When managers hold endless meetings, the programmers write games.
When accountants talk of quarterly profits, the development budget is about
to be cut.  When senior scientists talk blue sky, the clouds are about to
roll in.
	Truly, this is not the Tao of Programming.
	When managers make commitments, game programs are ignored.  When
accountants make long-range plans, harmony and order are about to be restored.
When senior scientists address the problems at hand, the problems will soon
be solved.
	Truly, this is the Tao of Programming.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


There are many people today who literally do not have a close personal
friend.  They may know something that we don't.  They are probably
avoiding a great deal of pain.


I believe a little incompatibility is the spice of life,
particularly if he has income and she is pattable.
		-- Ogden Nash


Every now and then when your life gets complicated and the weasels start
closing in, the only cure is to load up on heinous chemicals and then drive
like a bastard from Hollywood to Las Vegas ... with the music at top volume
and at least a pint of ether.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas"


Assembly language experience is [important] for the maturity
and understanding of how computers work that it provides.
		-- D. Gries


Here's something to think about:  How come you never see a headline like
`Psychic Wins Lottery.'
		-- Jay Leno


	"When I drink, *everybody* drinks!" a man shouted to the
assembled bar patrons.  A loud general cheer went up.  After downing his
whiskey, he hopped onto a barstool and shouted "When I take another
drink, *everybody* takes another drink!"  The announcement produced
another cheer and another round of drinks.
	As soon as he had downed his second drink, the fellow hopped back
onto the stool.  "And when I pay," he bellowed, slapping five dollars onto
the bar, "*everybody* pays!"


Keep patting your enemy on the back until a
small bullet hole appears between your fingers.
		-- Joe Bonanno


Examinations are formidable even to the best prepared, for
even the greatest fool may ask more than the wisest man can answer.
		-- C. C. Colton


...all the modern inconveniences...
		-- Mark Twain


The means-and-ends moralists, or non-doers,
always end up on their ends without any means.
		-- Saul Alinsky


Please stand for the National Anthem:

	God save our Gracious Queen!
	Long live our Noble Queen!
	God save the Queen!
	Send her victorious,
	Happy and glorious,
	Long to reign o'er us!
	God save the Queen!

Thank you.  You may resume your seat.


... But we've only fondled the surface of that subject.
		-- Virginia Masters


	Once again we find ourselves enmeshed in The Holiday Season, that very
special time of year when we join with our loved ones in sharing centuries-old
traditions such as trying to find a parking space at the mall.  We
traditionally do this in my family by driving around the parking lot until we
see a shopper emerge from the mall.  Then we follow her, in very much the same
spirit as the Three Wise Men, who, 2,000 years ago, followed a star, week after
week, until it led them to a parking space.
	We try to keep our bumper about 4 inches from the shopper's calves, to
let the other circling cars know that she belongs to us.  Sometimes, two cars
will get into a fight over whom the shopper belongs to, similar to the way
great white sharks will fight over who gets to eat a snorkeler.  So, we follow
our shopper closely, hunched over the steering wheel, whistling "It's Beginning
to Look a Lot Like Christmas" through our teeth, until we arrive at her car,
which is usually parked several time zones away from the mall.  Sometimes our
shopper tries to indicate she was merely planning to drop off some packages and
go back to shopping.  But, when she hears our engine rev in a festive fashion
and sees the holiday gleam in our eyes, she realizes she would never make it.
		-- Dave Barry, "Holiday Joy -- Or, the Great Parking Lot
		   Skirmish"


T-shirt of the Week:
	I'm not excited, I'm cold!


All I kin say is when you finds yo'self wanderin' in a peach orchard,
ya don't go lookin' for rutabagas.
		-- Kingfish


LEO (July 23 - Aug 22)
	You consider yourself a born leader.  Others think you are pushy.
	Most Leo people are bullies.  You are vain and dislike honest
	criticism.  Your arrogance is disgusting.  Leo people are thieves.


Alliance, n.:
	In international politics, the union of two thieves who have
	their hands so deeply inserted in each other's pocket that they
	cannot separately plunder a third.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Newton's Fourth Law:  Every action has an equal and opposite satisfaction.


Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what do you say to a cold one?
Norm:  See you later, Vera, I'll be at Cheers.
		-- Cheers, Norm's Last Hurrah

Sam:	Well, look at you.  You look like the cat that
	swallowed the canary.
Norm:	And I need a beer to wash him down.
		-- Cheers, Norm's Last Hurrah

Woody:  Would you like a beer, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   No, I'd like a dead cat in a glass.
		-- Cheers, Little Carla, Happy at Last, Part 2


Rainy days and Mondays always get me down.


To announce that there must be no criticism of the president, or that we are
to stand by the president right or wrong, is not only unpatriotic and
servile, but is morally treasonable to the American public."
		-- Theodore Roosevelt


The tao that can be tar(1)ed
is not the entire Tao.
The path that can be specified
is not the Full Path.

We declare the names
of all variables and functions.
Yet the Tao has no type specifier.

Dynamically binding, you realize the magic.
Statically binding, you see only the hierarchy.

Yet magic and hierarchy
arise from the same source,
and this source has a null pointer.

Reference the NULL within NULL,
it is the gateway to all wizardry.


This is the first age that's paid much attention to the future,
which is a little ironic since we may not have one.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke


Maybe we should think of this as one perfect week... where we found each
other, and loved each other... and then let each other go before anyone
had to seek professional help.


You are farsighted, a good planner,
an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.


An economist is a man who would marry
Farrah Fawcett-Majors for her money.


The finest eloquence is that which gets things done.


The sun was shining brightly		The breeze was blowing briskly,
And I could hardly wait,		It made the flowers sway,
To ponder at my window			The garden was enchanting
And gaze at my estate.			On this inspiring day.

My eyes fell on a little bird,		I smiled at him cheerfully
With a beautiful yellow bill,		And gave him a crust of bread,
I beckoned him to come and light	And then I closed the window
Upon my window sill.			And smashed his fucking head.
		-- "Good Morning", Debbie Smith


There is much Obi-Wan did not tell you.
		-- Darth Vader


Quality control:
	Assuring that the quality of a product does not get out of hand
	and add to the cost of its manufacture or design.


Stalin was dying, and summoned Khruschev to his bedside.  Wheezing his last
words with difficulty, Stalin tells Khruschev, "The reins of the country are
now in your hands.  But before I go, I want to give you some advice."
	"Yes, yes, what is it?" says Khruschev, impatiently.  Reaching under
his pillow, Stalin produced two envelopes labeled #1 and #2.
	"Take these letters," he tells Khruschev. "Keep them safely -- don't
open them.  Only if the country is in turmoil and things aren't going well,
open the first one.  That'll give you some advice on what to do.  And, if
after that, if things start getting REALLY bad, open the second one."  And
with a gasp Stalin breathed his last.
	Well, within a few years Khruschev started having problems --
unemployment increased, crops failed, people became restless.  He decided it
was time to open the first letter.  All it said was: "Blame everything on me!"
So Khruschev launched a massive deStalinization campaign, and blamed Stalin
for all the excesses and purges and ills of the present system.
	But things continued on the downslide, and, finally, after much
deliberation, Khruschev opened the second letter.
	All it said was: "Write two letters."


Some people seem to think that "damn" is God's last name.


Being a miner, as soon as you're too old and tired and sick and
stupid to do your job properly, you have to go, where the very
opposite applies with the judges.
		-- Beyond the Fringe


The more the merrier.
		-- John Heywood


New, adj.:
	Different color from previous model.


You can fool some of the people some of the time,
and some of the people all of the time, and that is sufficient.


Each of these cults correspond to one of the two antagonists in the age of
Reformation.  In the realm of the Apple Macintosh, as in Catholic Europe,
worshipers peer devoutly into screens filled with "icons."  All is sound and
imagery and Appledom.  Even words look like decorative filigrees in exotic
typefaces.  The greatest icon of all, the inviolable Apple itself, stands in
the dominate position at the upper-left corner of the screen.  A central
corporate headquarters decrees the form of all rites and practices.
Infallible doctrine issues from one executive officer whose selection occurs
in a sealed board room.  Should anyone in his curia question his powers, the
offender is excommunicated into outer darkness.  The expelled heretic founds
a new company, mutters obscurely of the coming age and the next computer,
then disappears into silence, taking his stockholders with him.  The mother
company forbids financial competition as sternly as it stifles ideological
competition; if you want to use computer programs that conform to Apple's
orthodoxy, you must buy a computer made and sold by Apple itself.
		-- Edward Mendelson, "The New Republic", February 22, 1988


Two battleships assigned to the training squadron had been at sea on maneuvers
in heavy weather for several days.  I was serving on the lead battleship and
was on watch on the bridge as night fell.  The visibility was poor with patchy
fog, so the Captain remained on the bridge keeping an eye on all activities.
	Shortly after dark, the lookout on the wing of the bridge reported,
"Light, bearing on the starboard bow."
	"Is it steady or moving astern?" the Captain called out.
	Lookout replied, "Steady, Captain," which meant we were on a dangerous
collision course with that ship.
	The Captain then called to the signalman, "Signal that ship: We are on
a collision course, advise you change course 20 degrees."
	Back came a signal "Advisable for you to change course 20 degrees."
	In reply, the Captain said, "Send: I'm a Captain, change course 20
degrees!"
	"I'm a seaman second class," came the reply, "You had better change
course 20 degrees."
	By that time, the Captain was furious. He spit out, "Send: I'm a
battleship, change course 20 degrees."
	Back came the flashing light: "I'm a lighthouse!"
	We changed course.
		-- The Naval Institute's "Proceedings"


ARIES (Mar. 21 to Apr. 19)
	Be cheerful today. People who don't like you will outnumber those
	who do.  You have warts.  Focus on domestic status, financial matters,
	and venereal disease.  Look for involvement with Libra or Aquarius
	natives; probably a fistfight with one of each.


All heiresses are beautiful.
		-- John Dryden


	There was once a programmer who was attached to the court of the
warlord of Wu.  The warlord asked the programmer: "Which is easier to design:
an accounting package or an operating system?"
	"An operating system," replied the programmer.
	The warlord uttered an exclamation of disbelief.  "Surely an
accounting package is trivial next to the complexity of an operating
system," he said.
	"Not so," said the programmer, "when designing an accounting package,
the programmer operates as a mediator between people having different ideas:
how it must operate, how its reports must appear, and how it must conform to
tax laws.  By contrast, an operating system is not limited by outward
appearances.  When designing an operating system, the programmer seeks the
simplest harmony between machine and ideas.  This is why an operating system
is easier to design."
	The warlord of Wu nodded and smiled.  "That is all good and well,"
he said, "but which is easier to debug?"
	The programmer made no reply.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


So live that you wouldn't be ashamed
to sell the family parrot to the town gossip.


That reminds me of a friend of mine who went north to work on the Alaskan
pipeline.  Before he went up there, he was just a skinny little runt.  When
he got back, he was a husky fucker.


The luck that is ordained for you will be coveted by others.


You've got to think about tomorrow!

TOMORROW!  I haven't even prepared for *_y_e_s_t_e_r_d_a_y* yet!


Slurm, n.:
	The slime that accumulates on the underside of a soap bar when
	it sits in the dish too long.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


What do you call someone with herpes, AIDS, syphilis, and gonorrhea?
An incurable romantic.


What segment's this, that, laid to rest
On FHA0, is sleeping?
What system file, lay here a while	This, this is "acct.run,"
While hackers around it were weeping?	Accounting file for everyone.
					Dump, dump it and type it out,
					The file, the highseg of login.
Why lies it here, on public disk
And why is it now unprotected?
A bug in incant, made it thus.		Mount, mount all your DECtapes now
And copy the file somehow, somehow.	The problem has not been corrected.
					Dump, dump it and type it out,
					The file, the highseg of login.
		-- to Greensleeves


Why I am an atheist:

1. Atheists do not believe in higher powers.
2. God is the highest power.
3. Therefore, God must be an atheist.
4. We should all strive to be like God.
5. We should all be atheists.


Exhilaration is that feeling you get just after a great idea hits you,
and just before you realize what is wrong with it.


Fortune's Rules for Memo Wars: #2

Given the incredible advances in sociocybernetics and telepsychology over
the last few years, we are now able to completely understand everything that
the author of a memo is trying to say.  Thanks to modern developments
in electrocommunications like notes, vnews, and electricity, we have an
incredible level of interunderstanding the likes of which civilization has
never known.  Thus, the possibility of your misinterpreting someone else's
memo is practically nil.  Knowing this, anyone who accuses you of having
done so is a liar, and should be treated accordingly.  If you *do* understand
the memo in question, but have absolutely nothing of substance to say, then
you have an excellent opportunity for a vicious ad hominem attack.  In fact,
the only *inappropriate* times for an ad hominem attack are as follows:

	1: When you agree completely with the author of a memo.
	2: When the author of the original memo is much bigger than you are.
	3: When replying to one of your own memos.


	There was an Englishman, a Frenchman, and a Newfoundlander sitting in
a bar having a few drinks together.
	The Englishman turns to the Frenchman, "So tell me, what do you do to
drive your wife wild in bed?"
	"Well", replies the Frenchman, "After we make love, I go out to the
garden and pick some roses.  Then I take the petals off and put them all over
her body. then I gently blow them off with a soft, even breath, and that drives
her wild with desire."
	"Interesting," the Englishman replies.  "After my wife and I make love
I massage baby oil gently all over her body -- that works for me!"
Then the pair turn to the Newfie and ask him what he does.
	"Well...", he says, "when me and the old lady are through, I jump
out of bed and wipe my dick off on the curtain.  And that REALLY drives
her wild."


It's difficult to see the picture when you are inside the frame.


Impartial, adj.:
	Unable to perceive any promise of personal advantage from
	espousing either side of a controversy or adopting either of two
	conflicting opinions.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


I will not forget you.


Beauty may be skin deep, but ugly goes clear to the bone.
		-- Redd Foxx


Go not to the elves for counsel, for they will say both yes and no.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


It's no use crying over spilt milk -- it only makes it salty for the cat.


One expresses well the love he does not feel.
		-- J. A. Karr


Whenever I see an old lady slip and fall on a wet sidewalk, my first instinct
is to laugh.  But then I think, what if I was an ant, and she fell on me.
Then it wouldn't seem quite so funny.
		-- Jack Handey


Q:	What do you have when you have a lawyer buried up to his neck in sand?
A:	Not enough sand.


No directory.


Woody:  What's the story, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   The Bobbsey twins go to the brewery.
	Let's just cut to the happy ending.
		-- Cheers, Airport V

Woody:  Hey, Mr. Peterson, there's a cold one waiting for you.
Norm:   I know, and if she calls, I'm not here.
		-- Cheers, Bar Wars II: The Woodman Strikes Back

Sam:  Beer, Norm?
Norm: Have I gotten that predictable?  Good.
		-- Cheers, Don't Paint Your Chickens


Think honk if you're a telepath.


The Almighty in His infinite wisdom did not see
fit to create Frenchmen in the image of Englishmen.
		-- Winston Churchill, 1942


Marriage is a three ring circus:
engagement ring, wedding ring, and suffering.
		-- Roger Price


It is annoying to be honest to no purpose.
		-- Publius Ovidius Naso (Ovid)


But scientists, who ought to know
Assure us that it must be so.
Oh, let us never, never doubt
What nobody is sure about.
		-- Hilaire Belloc


Gibson's Springtime Song (to the tune of "Deck the Halls"):

'Tis the season to chase mousies (Fa la la la la, la la la la)
Snatch them from their little housies (...)
First we chase them 'round the field (...)
Then we have them for a meal (...)

Toss them here and catch them there (...)
See them flying through the air (...)
Watch them fly and hear them squeal (...)
Falling mice have great appeal (...)

See the hunter stretched before us (...)
He's chased the mice in field and forest (...)
Watch him clean his long white whiskers (...)
Of the blood of little critters (...)


I gained nothing at all from Supreme Enlightenment, and for that very
reason it is called Supreme Enlightenment.
		-- Gautama Buddha


Illegitimi non carborundum
(translation: no carbonated drinks allowed.)


She blinded me with science!


What is love but a second-hand emotion?
		-- Tina Turner


My advice to you, my violent friend, is to seek out gold and sit on it.
		-- The Dragon to Grendel, in John Gardner's "Grendel"


A young man wrote to Mozart and said:

Q: "Herr Mozart, I am thinking of writing symphonies. Can you give me any
   suggestions as to how to get started?"
A: "A symphony is a very complex musical form, perhaps you should begin with
   some simple lieder and work your way up to a symphony."
Q: "But Herr Mozart, you were writing symphonies when you were 8 years old."
A: "But I never asked anybody how."


