America is a melting pot.  You know, where those on the bottom get burned,
and the scum rises to the top.
		-- Utah Phillips


Q:	Why don't blondes eat pickles?
A:	Because they get their head stuck in the jars.

Q:	Why do blondes wear underwear?
A:	To keep their ankles warm.

Q:	How do you kill a blonde?
A:	Put spikes in her shoulder pads.


	"Have you lived here all your life?"
	"Oh, twice that long."


Q:	How can you tell when a WASP is sexually aroused?
A:	By the stiff upper lip.


Praise the Lord and pass the ammunition.
		-- Stephen Coonts, "The Minotaur"


A clergical student named Simms
Hums liturgical tunes while he rims:
	A nice piece of ass
	Gets the B-Minor Mass ...
All the others get Anglican hymns.


                              THE
                             NORMAL
                          LAW OF ERROR
                        STANDS OUT IN THE
                      EXPERIENCE OF MANKIND
                     AS ONE  OF THE BROADEST
                    GENERALIZATIONS OF NATURAL
                  PHILOSOPHY * IT SERVES AS THE
                GUIDING INSTRUMENT IN RESEARCHES
             IN THE PHYSICAL AND SOCIAL SCIENCES AND
            IN MEDICINE, AGRICULTURE AND ENGINEERING *
       IT IS AN INDISPENSABLE TOOL FOR THE ANALYSIS AND THE
INTERPRETATION OF THE BASIC DATA OBTAINED BY OBSERVATION AND EXPERIMENT

                -- W. J. Youden


My experience with government is when things are non-controversial,
beautifully co-ordinated and all the rest, it must be that not much
is going on.
		-- John F. Kennedy


A man goes into a hospital for a routine appendectomy.  When he wakes up
from the anesthesia, he sees a large group of doctors gathered anxiously
around his bed.
	"What happened?" he asks worriedly.
	"Well," says one of the doctors, "there was a small clerical error,
and you got mixed-up with another patient.  Instead of an appendectomy, we
performed a sex-change operation.  Your penis has been removed and a vagina
has been crafted into place."
	"WHAT!!!" screams the man.  "That's horrible!  What am I going to
tell my wife?  Can't you reverse it?  This means I'm never going to experience
another erection!"
	"Well, you will, you *will*," reassures the doctor, "but it will, of
course, have to be someone else's."


I grew up in an Italian family, you know, the strange thing about
Italians -- they're so Jewish.
		-- Kay Ballard


A woman shouldn't have to buy her own perfume.
		-- Maurine Lewis


If you sit down at a poker game and don't see a sucker, get up.  You're
the sucker.


Everywhere you go you'll see them searching,
Everywhere you turn you'll feel the pain,
Everyone is looking for the answer,
Well look again.
		-- Moody Blues, "Lost in a Lost World"


Buy old masters.  They fetch better prices than old mistresses.
		-- Lord Beaverbrook


If you put your supper dish to your ear you can hear the sounds of a
restaurant.
		-- Snoopy


Don't forget to support the ERA apersonment.


Seems to me that both the Democrats and the Republicans should change their
symbols to a contraceptive device; it stands for inflation, inhibits
production, protects a bunch of pricks and gives everyone a false sense of
security while they're being screwed.


God help those who do not help themselves.
		-- Wilson Mizner


People with narrow minds usually have broad tongues.


There is something in the pang of change
More than the heart can bear,
Unhappiness remembering happiness.
		-- Euripides


It seems to me that nearly every woman I know wants a man who knows how
to love with authority.  Women are simple souls who like simple things,
and one of the simplest is one of the simplest to give.  ...  Our family
airedale will come clear across the yard for one pat on the head.  The
average wife is like that.
		-- Episcopal Bishop James Pike


CCI Power 6/40: one board, a megabyte of cache, and an attitude...


Honesty's the best policy.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


You can make it illegal, but you can't make it unpopular.


COLORADO:
	Where they don't buy M & M's, 'cause they're so hard to peel.


If some people didn't tell you,
you'd never know they'd been away on vacation.


Q:	Where does Catwoman go for a good time?
A:	To the batpoles, Robin!


Whenever I see an old lady slip and fall on a wet sidewalk, my first instinct
is to laugh.  But then I think, what if I was an ant, and she fell on me.
Then it wouldn't seem quite so funny.
		-- Jack Handey


If continence causes neurosis
And intercourse causes thrombosis
	I'd rather expire
	Fulfilling desire
Than live in a state of psychosis.


Fortune's current rates:

	Answers				.10
	Long answers			.25
	Answers requiring thought	.50
	Correct answers			$1.00

	Dumb looks are still free.


The trouble with opportunity is that it
always comes disguised as hard work.
		-- Herbert V. Prochnow


She's the kind of woman you could fall madly in bed with.


National Sex Week -- don't let your meat loaf.


No problem is insoluble in all conceivable circumstances.


FORTUNE'S PARTY TIPS: #14

	Tired of finding that other people are helping themselves to
your good liquor at BYOB parties?  Take along a candle, which you insert
and light after you've opened the bottle.  No one ever expects anything
drinkable to be in a bottle which has a candle stuck in its neck.


Note to myself: use real bullets next time.


Timing must be perfect now.
Two-timing must be better than perfect.


This sad little lizard told me that he was a brontosaurus on his
mother's side.  I did not laugh; people who boast of ancestry
often have little else to sustain them.  Humoring them costs nothing and
adds happiness in a world in which happiness is always in short supply.
		-- Lazarus Long


Be careful how you get yourself involved with persons or
situations that can't bear inspection.


Round Numbers are always false.
		-- Samuel Johnson


Every person, all the events in your life are there because you have
drawn them there.  What you choose to do with them is up to you.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


Tequila my girl, is deceiving:
Take two at the very most.
Take three and you're under the table,
Take four and you're under the host.


I prefer the most unjust peace to the most righteous war.
		-- Cicero

Even peace may be purchased at too high a price.
		-- Poor Richard


So many women, so little nerve.


What passes for woman's intuition is often nothing
more than man's transparency.
		-- George Nathan


Buck-passing usually turns out to be a boomerang.


Don't despair; your ideal lover is waiting for you around the corner.


Diplomacy is the art of letting the other party have things your way.
		-- Daniele Vare


Your aims are high, and you are capable of much.


If a jury in a criminal trial stays out for more than twenty-four hours, it
is certain to vote acquittal, save in those instances where it votes guilty.
		-- Joseph C. Goulden


SENILITY:
	The state of mind of elderly persons
	with whom one happens to disagree.


Monday is an awful way to spend one seventh of your life.


After all, it is only the mediocre who are always at their best.
		-- Jean Giraudoux


TOTD (T-shirt Of The Day):
	I'm the person your mother warned you about.


A new lumberjack had just finished his first month in the lonely wilds of
Alaska, where there were no women for miles.  He finally couldn't take it
anymore and nervously asked the foreman what the other men did to relieve
the pressure.
	"Try the hole in the barrel outside the shower," suggested the
foreman.  "The other men swear by it."
	The lumberjack dubiously tried it out and had the experience of
his life.  "That barrel is fantastic!  Warm!  Wet!  I'm going to use it
every day!"
	"Every day but the third Wednesday of the month," one of the
other men replied.
	"Why not then?"
	"That's your day in the barrel."


The number of arguments is unimportant unless some of them are
correct.
		-- Ralph Hartley


To err is human, but to really foul things up requires a computer.


Behold the warranty -- the bold print
giveth and the fine print taketh away.


Gentlemen prefer blondes, but who says blondes prefer gentlemen?
		-- Mae West


Romance, like alcohol, should be enjoyed, but should not be allowed to
become necessary.
		-- Edgar Friedenberg


Somehow, the world always affects you more than you affect it.


Be prepared to accept sacrifices.
Vestal virgins aren't all that bad.


Let us go then you and I
while the night is laid out against the sky
like a smear of mustard on an old pork pie.

Nice poem Tom.  I have ideas for changes though, why not come over?
		-- Ezra


All I've got left on the list of desirable vocations is heiress to the
throne of any country in Western Europe and Laurie Anderson.  "Be
practical", was the choral reply from the dinner table.  Well, Laurie
Anderson is already Laurie Anderson, but I read an article in Harpers
that said there were eleven countries, in the world this is I think,
that have queens as sovereign rulers.  That's probably my best shot.


A little inaccuracy sometimes saves tons of explanation.
		-- H. H. Munroe a.k.a. Saki, "The Square Egg" (1924)


The opposite of talking isn't listening.  The opposite of talking is
waiting.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


As part of an equal opportunity project, a memo was sent to all the offices
within External Affairs asking for "A list of all employees broken down by
sex."
	One of the memos was returned with the notation: "I'm sorry: we
know of nobody in this office who fits your criteria.  We do, however,
have two alcoholics."


Cinderella 10:
	A woman who sucks and fucks 'til midnight and
	then turns into a pizza and a six-pack.


A jug of wine, a bowl of rice with it;
Earthen vessels
Simply handed in through the window.
There is certainly no blame in this.


Be sociable.
Speak to the person next to you in the unemployment line tomorrow.


Time flies like an arrow, but fruit flies like a banana.


Satire is tragedy plus time.
		-- Lenny Bruce


Ego sum ens omnipotens


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(22) Morality is not defined by individual choice.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Center meeting at 4pm in 2C-543.


Being conservative has never been regarded as old-fashioned.  But
if you fight for a sensible step in the right direction which others
has deserted you will be branded "reactionary".
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Law enforcement officers should use only the minimum
force necessary in dealing with disorders when they arise.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


A large number of installed systems work by fiat.
That is, they work by being declared to work.
		-- Anatol Holt


The weed of crime bears bitter fruit...
but the leaves are good to smoke!
		-- The Shadow


	"That's right; the upper-case shift works fine on the screen, but
they're not coming out on the damn printer...  Hold?  Sure, I'll hold."
		-- e. e. cummings last service call


You can't have your cake and let your neighbor eat it too.
		-- Ayn Rand


Quit worrying about your health.  It'll go away.
		-- Robert Orben


	Chapter VIII
Due to the convergence of forces beyond his comprehension,
Salvatore Quanucci was suddenly squirted out of the universe
like a watermelon seed, and never heard from again.


	"Have you lived here all your life?"
	"Oh, twice that long."


QOTD:
	"Sure, I turned down a drink once.  Didn't understand the question."


I have a switch in my apartment that doesn't do anything.  Every once
in a while I turn it on and off.  On and off.  On and off.  One day I
got a call from a woman in France who said "Cut it out!"
		-- Steven Wright


You go down to the pickup station,
	craving warmth and beauty;
You settle for less than fascination --
	a few drinks later you're not so choosy.
And the closing lights strip off the shadows
	on this strange new flesh you've found --
Clutching the night to you like a fig leaf
	you hurry to the blackness
	and the blankets to lay down an impression
	and your loneliness.
		-- Joni Mitchell


If people have to choose between freedom and sandwiches, they
will take sandwiches.
		-- Lord Boyd-orr

Eats first, morals after.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "The Threepenny Opera"


Don't do the crime, if you can't do the time.
		-- Lt. Col. Ollie North


Christ died for our sins.  Dare we make his martyrdom meaningless by not
committing them?
		-- Jules Feiffer


Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
		-- Mark Twain


It is now quite lawful for a Catholic woman to avoid pregnancy by a resort
to mathematics, though she is still forbidden to resort to physics and
chemistry.
		-- H. L. Mencken


I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.
		-- Mae West


By necessity, by proclivity, and by delight, we all quote.
In fact, it is as difficult to appropriate the thoughts of others
as it is to invent.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
		-- Quoted from a fortune cookie program
		(whose author claims, "Actually, stealing IS easier.")
		[to which I reply, "You think it's easy for me to
		misconstrue all these misquotations?!?"  Ed.]


In light of the New Morality, Playboy Inc. is offering a new version of
its magazine, for married men.  Every month it has the same centerfold.


It's odd, and a little unsettling, to reflect upon the fact that English is
the only major language in which "I" is capitalized; in many other languages
"You" is capitalized and the "i" is lower case.
		-- Sydney J. Harris


History repeats itself.  That's one thing wrong with history.


A.A.A.A.A., n.:
	An organization for drunks who drive.


Size counts.


You mean you didn't *know* she was off
making lots of little phone companies?


Don't get even, get odd.


Now is the time for drinking;
now the time to beat the earth with unfettered foot.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Chorus:
	I don't want to join the army, I don't want to go to war,
	I'd rather sit around, pickin' dillies off the ground,
	And livin' off the favors of an 'igh-born lady.
	I don't want a bullet up me arse 'ole,
	I don't want me pecker blown away,
	I'd rather live in England, in jolly, sunny, England,
	And fornicate me bloody life away!!

Monday I touched her on the ankle,
Tuesday I touched her on the knee,
And Wednesday after Mass, I lifted up her dress,
And Thursday I saw you know what,
Friday I put me 'and upon it,
Saturday she gave me balls a tweak [tweak, tweak]
And Sunday after supper, I ran me fucker up 'er,
And now she pays me forty quid a week!
Oh, blimey...

[chorus]


... Jesus cried with a loud voice: Lazarus, come forth; the bug hath been
found and thy program runneth.  And he that was dead came forth...
		-- John 11:43-44


...the heat come 'round and busted me for smiling on a cloudy day.


The porcupine with the sharpest quills gets stuck on a tree more
often.


I have no doubt that it is a part of the destiny of the human race,
in its gradual improvement, to leave off eating animals.
		-- Thoreau


Why isn't there some cheap and easy
way to prove how much she means to me?


Poland has gun control.


You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.


I had never been too political, but I knew how white people treated black
people and it was hard for me to come back to the bullshit white people
put a black person through in this country.  To realize you don't have any
power to make things different is a bitch.
		-- Miles Davis


Deprive a mirror of its silver and even the Czar won't see his face.


QOTD:
	"It *was* wonderfully polite of me.  Usually I call the kind of
	cretinous dipshit that pisses me off a 'fucking asshole.'"
		-- Richard Sexton


And it should be the law: If you use the word `paradigm' without knowing
what the dictionary says it means, you go to jail.  No exceptions.
		-- David Jones


Most people are too busy to have time for anything important.


A real diplomat is one who can cut his neighbor's throat without having
his neighbor notice it.
		-- Trygve Lie


Were it not for the presence of the unwashed and the half-educated, the
formless, queer and incomplete, the unreasonable and absurd, the infinite
shapes of the delightful human tadpole, the horizon would not wear so wide
a grin.
		-- F. M. Colby, "Imaginary Obligations"


	"The Good Ship Enterprise" (to the tune of "The Good Ship Lollipop")

On the good ship Enterprise
Every week there's a new surprise
Where the Romulans lurk
And the Klingons often go berserk.

Yes, the good ship Enterprise
There's excitement anywhere it flies
Where Tribbles play
And Nurse Chapel never gets her way.

	See Captain Kirk standing on the bridge,
	Mr. Spock is at his side.
	The weekly menace, ooh-ooh
	It gets fried, scattered far and wide.

It's the good ship Enterprise
Heading out where danger lies
And you live in dread
If you're wearing a shirt that's red.
		-- Doris Robin and Karen Trimble of The L.A. Filkharmonics


One by one the vice-presidents of a large corporation were called into the
boss's office.  Then the junior executives were individually summoned.
Finally the office boy was brought in.
	"I want the truth, Charles," the boss bellowed.  "Have you been
playing around with my secretary?"
	"N-no, sir," the office boy stammered.  "I-I'd never do anything
like that, sir."
	"All right, all right," sighed the boss, "then you fire her."


In every hierarchy the cream rises until it sours.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


Arguments are extremely vulgar, for everyone
in good society holds exactly the same opinion.
		-- Oscar Wilde


We are anthill men upon an anthill world.
		-- Ray Bradbury


Kitchen activity is highlighted.
Butter up a friend.


Conquering the world on horseback is easy; it is dismounting and
governing that is hard.
		-- Chinggis (Genghis) Khan


Beware of self-styled experts: an ex is a has-been, and a spurt is a
drip under pressure.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(16) The collective knowledge and wisdom of seasoned citizens is the
     most valuable, yet untapped, resource our young people have.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Under a government which imprisons any unjustly, the true place for a
just man is also in prison.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


Am I ranting?  I hope so.  My ranting gets raves.


Q:	Why do Scotsmen wear kilts?
A:	Because a sheep can hear the sound of a zipper from fifty feet away.
		-- Iain MacKintosh, Glasgow folksinger


	He who receives ideas from me, receives instruction himself without
lessening mine; as he who lights his taper at mine receives light
without darkening me.
		-- Thomas Jefferson on patents on ideas


I have hardly ever known a mathematician who was capable of reasoning.
		-- Plato


I think any man in business would be foolish to fool around
with his secretary.  If it's somebody else's secretary, fine.
		-- Barry Goldwater


Did you hear about the model who sat
on a broken bottle and cut a nice figure?


Fig Newton.


I did not look behind me, 'till I got to St. Omer's & thence fled to America;
here I offer'd to become a Spy for the English Government which was scornfully
rejected; I then turned to Plunder & Libel the Yankees, for which I was fined
5000 Dollars & kicked out of the Country!  I came back to England (after
absconding for Seven years) & set up the Crown & Mitre to establish my Loyalty!
-- accepted from the Doctor L400 to print & disperse a pamphlet against "the
Hellfire of Reform" ... but applied the Money to purchase an estate at Botley,
& left ye Doctor to pay the Paper & Printing!  Being now Lord of the Manor, I
began by sowing the seeds of discontent through Hampshire; I oppressed the
Poor, sent the Aged to Hell, & damned the eyes of my Parish Apprentices before
they were open'd in the morning! ... and being now supported by a Band of
Reformers, I renewed my old favorite Toast of Damnation to the House of
Brunswick! & being exalted by the sale of 10,000 Political Registers every
week, I find myself the greatest Man in the World! except that Idol of all my
Adorations, his Royal and Imperial Majesty, NAPOLEONE!
		-- William Cobbett, British journalist


Sudden Death Dating:

Quote, female:
	Am I worried about taking his last name?  Forget it,
	at this point I'll take his first name, too.


The future lies ahead.


And I alone am returned to wag the tail.


You will give someone a piece of your mind, which you can ill afford.


Why are we importing all these highbrow plays like "Amadeus?"  I could
have told you Mozart was a jerk for nothing.
		-- Ian Shoales


Jesus saves... but Gretzky gets the rebound!
		-- Daniel Hinojosa


The Universe is populated by stable things.
		-- Richard Dawkins


The thing that takes up the least amount of time
and causes the most amount of trouble is sex.


During almost fifteen centuries the legal establishment of Christianity has
been upon trial.  What has been its fruits? More or less, in all places,
pride and indolence in the clergy; ignorance and servility in the laity,;
in both, superstition, bigotry, and persecution.
		-- James Madison


Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	Good children always obey.
	Quit acting so childish.
	Boys don't cry.
	If you keep making faces, someday it'll freeze that way.
	Why do you have to know so much?
	This hurts me more than it hurts you.
	Why?  Because I'm bigger than you.
	Well, you've ruined everything.  Now are you happy?
	Oh, grow up.
	I'm only doing this because I love you.


Man's horizons are bounded by his vision.


Love is like the measles; we all have to go through it.
		-- Jerome K. Jerome


Half Moon tonight.  (At least it is better than no Moon at all.)


AQUARIUS (Jan 20 - Feb 18)
	You have an inventive mind and are inclined to be progressive.
	You lie a great deal.  On the other hand, you are inclined to be
	careless and impractical, causing you to make the same mistakes over
	and over again.  People think you are stupid.


One person's error is another person's data.


Pardon me while I laugh.


I am ready to meet my Maker.  Whether my Maker is prepared
for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter.
		-- Winston Churchill


Those who believe in astrology are living in houses with foundations of
Silly Putty.
		-- Dennis Rawlins


A drama critic is a person who surprises a playwright by informing him
what he meant.
		-- Wilson Mizner


A horse!  A horse!  My kingdom for a horse!
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#4

Weddings:
	When reminiscing about weddings, women talk about "the ceremony".
Men talk about "the bachelor party".

Clothes:
	Men don't discard clothes.  The average man still has the gym shirt
he wore in high school.  He thinks a jacket is "just getting broken in" about
the time it develops holes in the elbows.  A man will let new shirts sit on
the shelf in their original packaging for a couple of years before putting
them to use, hoping they'll become more comfortable with age.
	Women think clothes are radioactive, with a half-life of one year.
They exercise precautions to avoid contamination by last year's fashions.


If you liked the Earth you'll love Heaven.


What they say:				What they mean:

A major technological breakthrough...	Back to the drawing board.
Developed after years of research	Discovered by pure accident.
Project behind original schedule due	We're working on something else.
	to unforeseen difficulties
Designs are within allowable limits	We made it, stretching a point or two.
Customer satisfaction is believed	So far behind schedule that they'll be
	assured					grateful for anything at all.
Close project coordination		We're gonna spread the blame, campers!
Test results were extremely gratifying	It works, and boy, were we surprised!
The design will be finalized...		We haven't started yet, but we've got
						to say something.
The entire concept has been rejected	The guy who designed it quit.
We're moving forward with a fresh	We hired three new guys, and they're
	approach				kicking it around.
A number of different approaches...	We don't know where we're going, but
						we're moving.
Preliminary operational tests are	Blew up when we turned it on.
	inconclusive
Modifications are underway		We're starting over.


It's not an optical illusion, it just looks like one.
		-- Phil White


When the prick stands up, the brains get buried in the ground.
		-- Old Jewish saying

[How come there aren't ever any "New Jewish sayings?"  Ed.]


There is no such thing as fortune.  Try again.


A Dublin lawyer died in poverty and many barristers of the city subscribed to
a fund for his funeral.  The Lord Chief Justice of Orbury was asked to donate
a shilling.  "Only a shilling?" exclaimed the man. "Only a shilling to bury
an attorney?  Here's a guinea; go and bury twenty of them."


Your best consolation is the hope that the things
you failed to get weren't really worth having.


Doin' it in the dark, down in Rock Creek Park.


I think, therefore I am... I think.


If A equals success, then the formula is _A = _X + _Y + _Z.  _X is work.  _Y
is play.  _Z is keep your mouth shut.
		-- Albert Einstein


All I need to have a good time,
Is a reefer, a woman and a bottle of wine.
With those three things I don't need no sunshine,
A reefer, a woman and a bottle of wine.

All I want is to never grow old,
I want to wash in a bathtub of gold.
I want 97 kilos already rolled,
I want to wash in a bathtub of gold.

I want to light my cigars with 10 dollar bills,
I like to have a cattle ranch in Beverly Hills.
I want a bottle of Red Eye that's always filled,
I like to have a cattle ranch in Beverly Hills.
		-- Country Joe and the Fish, "Zachariah"


Higgeldy Piggeldy,
Hamlet of Elsinore
Ruffled the critics by dropping this bomb:
"Phooey on Freud and his Psychoanalysis --
Oedipus, Shmoedipus, I just loved Mom."


MOCK APPLE PIE (No Apples Needed)

  Pastry to two crust 9-inch pie	36 RITZ Crackers
2 cups water				 2 cups sugar
2 teaspoons cream of tartar		 2 tablespoons lemon juice
  Grated rind of one lemon		   Butter or margarine
  Cinnamon

Roll out bottom crust of pastry and fit into 9-inch pie plate.  Break
RITZ Crackers coarsely into pastry-lined plate.  Combine water, sugar
and cream of tartar in saucepan, boil gently for 15 minutes.  Add lemon
juice and rind.  Cool.  Pour this syrup over Crackers, dot generously
with butter or margarine and sprinkle with cinnamon.  Cover with top
crust.  Trim and flute edges together.  Cut slits in top crust to let
steam escape.  Bake in a hot oven (425 F) 30 to 35 minutes, until crust
is crisp and golden.  Serve warm.  Cut into 6 to 8 slices.
		-- Found lurking on a Ritz Crackers box


