The algorithm to do that is extremely nasty.  You might want to mug
someone with it.
		-- M. Devine, Computer Science 340


Batteries not included.


	At his sentencing, Herbie Sperling proved that he was the all-time
stand-up guy.
	Sperling's lawyer made a lengthy, impassioned plea for his client.
He talked of mercy, justice, humanity to fellow men who have chosen the wrong
path.  Yes, the crimes were serious, yes, Mr. Sperling deserves a prison
sentence, but the maximum sentence was not warranted.
	Then the judge turned to Sperling.  "Mr. Sperling, is there anything
you wish to say?"
	"Yes, Your Honor.  If you think I'm going to beg for mercy, you've
got another think coming.  You're all a bunch of fucking fascist cocksuckers,
you can all go to hell, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you..."
		-- Gregory Wallace, "Papa's Game"


I always choose my friends for their good looks and my enemies for their
good intellects.  Man cannot be too careful in his choice of enemies.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Picture of Dorian Gray"


To restore a sense of reality, I think
Walt Disney should have a Hardluckland.
		-- Jack Paar


I never trust a man unless I've got his pecker in my pocket.
		-- Lyndon B. Johnson

I've got Hubert's pecker in my pocket.
		-- Lyndon B. Johnson


QOTD:
	"I treat her like a thoroughbred, and she's STILL a nag!"


He's dead, Jim.


Said sneering Mohammed el-Din:
"Only infidel dogs put it in.
	Back home in Arabia
	We nibble the labia
Till the juice dribbles off of our chin."


Extraordinary claims demand extraordinary proof.  There are many examples
of outsiders who eventually overthrew entrenched scientific orthodoxies,
but they prevailed with irrefutable data.  More often, egregious findings
that contradict well-established research turn out to be artifacts.  I have
argued that accepting psychic powers, reincarnation, "cosmic consciousness,"
and the like, would entail fundamental revisions of the foundations of
neuroscience.  Before abandoning materialist theories of mind that have paid
handsome dividends, we should insist on better evidence for psi phenomena
than presently exists, especially when neurology and psychology themselves
offer more plausible alternatives.
		-- Barry L. Beyerstein, "The Brain and Consciousness:
		   Implications for Psi Phenomena".


It's the opinion of some that crops could be grown on the moon.  Which raises
the fear that it may not be long before we're paying somebody not to.
		-- Franklin P. Jones


Go directly to jail.  Do not pass Go, do not collect $200.


Q:	What's the difference between a man and the weekend?
A:	The weekend never comes too soon.


Readers Ask:
	Is it possible to kill a vampire with a gun?

Vampires are a source of great irritation to the average homeowner and it is
usually to one's advantage to remove these pests as rapidly as possible.  If
a professional exterminator specializing in the undead is unavailable, it is
possible to handle the situation with common household items.  However, much
of the common folklore of vanquishing the undead needs clarifying.  First,
driving a sharpened Louisville Slugger through a vampire's heart will NOT kill
it.  Since it's not quite alive, why would the heart be any different than
puncturing it in the, for example, left buttock?  Stake driving should be
avoided at any cost since its effect will be to terribly annoy the vampire,
and the last thing you want on your hands is an irate Lord of Darkness.
Handguns are also a definite no-no.  Common sense indicates that it requires
more to defeat an incarnation of evil than hurling lumps of lead or silver
through its body.  One time-honored method is to expose the vampire to the
sun, sever its head (any power saw should be sufficient), fill its mouth with
holy wafers (vanilla wafers over which the Lord's prayer has been read will
do in a pinch), immerse the head in an urn filled with holy water, place the
urn in consecrated lands and bury the rest of the body underneath a crossroad
(i.e. the intersection of Broad & Chestnut).  Sure, it's a lot of work.  But
you'll never have to worry about those damn bats pestering the neighbors again.


Why does a hearse horse snicker, hauling a lawyer away?
		-- Carl Sandburg


ELECTRIC JELL-O

2   boxes JELL-O brand gelatin	2 packages Knox brand unflavored gelatin
2   cups fruit (any variety)	2+ cups water
1/2 bottle Everclear brand grain alcohol

Mix JELL-O and Knox gelatin into 2 cups of boiling water.  Stir 'til
	fully dissolved.
Pour hot mixture into a flat pan.  (JELL-O molds won't work.)
Stir in grain alcohol instead of usual cold water.  Remove any congealing
	glops of slime. (Alcohol has an unusual effect on excess JELL-O.)
Pour in fruit to desired taste, and to absorb any excess alcohol.
Mix in some cold water to dilute the alcohol and make it easier to eat for
	the faint of heart.
Refrigerate overnight to allow mixture to fully harden. (About 8-12 hours.)
Cut into squares and enjoy!

WARNING:
	Keep ingredients away from open flame.  Not recommended for
	children under eight years of age.


If God hadn't intended man to eat pussy,
would He have made it look like a taco?


Q:	Why did the chicken cross the road?
A:	He was giving it last rites.


What this country needs is a good five cent ANYTHING!


Woodward's Law:
	A theory is better than its explanation.


MOTHER:
	Half a word.


We may hope that machines will eventually compete with men in all purely
intellectual fields.  But which are the best ones to start with?  Many people
think that a very abstract activity, like the playing of chess, would be
best.  It can also be maintained that it is best to provide the machine with
the best sense organs that money can buy, and then teach it to understand
and speak English.
		-- Alan M. Turing


Programmers do it bit by bit.


Let the worthy citizens of Chicago get their liquor the best way
they can. I'm sick of the job.  It's a thankless one and full of grief.
		-- Al Capone


With a bushel of apples, you can have
a hell of a time with the doctor's wife.


I'd like to see the government get out of war altogether and leave the
whole field to private industry.
		-- Joseph Heller


Ogden's Law:
	The sooner you fall behind, the more time you have to catch up.


O give me a home,
Where the buffalo roam,
Where the deer and the antelope play,
Where seldom is heard
A discouraging word,
'Cause what can an antelope say?


My father was a God-fearing man, but he never
missed a copy of the New York Times, either.
		-- E. B. White


Embarrassment, n.:
	Finding out your German Shepherd has the clap.


That which is not good for the swarm, neither is it good for the bee.


A watched clock never boils.


All diplomacy is a continuation of war by other means.
		-- Chou En Lai


A good reputation is more valuable than money.
		-- Publilius Syrus


The [Ford Foundation] is a large body of money
completely surrounded by people who want some.
		-- Dwight MacDonald


It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more
doubtful of success, nor more dangerous to manage, than the creation of
a new system.  For the initiator has the enmity of all who would profit
by the preservation of the old institutions and merely lukewarm defenders
in those who would gain by the new ones.
		-- Niccolo Machiavelli, 1513


Life is a concentration camp.  You're stuck here and there's no way
out and you can only rage impotently against your persecutors.
		-- Woody Allen


UFO's are for real: the Air Force doesn't exist.


If men couldn't fuck there'd be a bounty on their heads.


I do hate sums.  There is no greater mistake than to call arithmetic an
exact science.  There are permutations and aberrations discernible to
minds entirely noble like mine; subtle variations which ordinary
accountants fail to discover; hidden laws of number which it requires a
mind like mine to perceive.  For instance, if you add a sum from the
bottom up, and then again from the top down, the result is always
different.
		-- Mrs. La Touche (19th cent.)


Telepression, n.:
	The deep-seated guilt which stems from knowing that you did not
	try hard enough to look up the number on your own and instead
	put the burden on the directory assistant.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


If girls are all sugar and spice, why do they taste like anchovies?


Girls marry for love.  Boys marry because of a chronic irritation
that causes them to gravitate in the direction of objects with
certain curvilinear properties.
		-- Ashley Montagu


As the truck driver came flying over the top of a steep hill, he spotted two
figures in his path rolling around in the middle of the road.  The driver blew
his horn and braked frantically, but the couple continued their lovemaking,
oblivious to his warnings.  The truck finally slid to a halt barely three
inches from the pair.  "Are you crazy?" the driver screamed at them.  "You
could have been killed!"
	The man stood up and faced the driver.  "Well, I was coming, she was
coming and you were coming," he panted, "and you were the only one with
brakes."


The Great Movie Posters:

SEE rebel guerrillas torn apart by trucks!
SEE corpses cut to pieces and fed to dogs and vultures!
SEE the monkey trained to perform nursing duties for her paralyzed owner!
		-- Sweet and Savage (1983)

What a Guy!  What a Gal!  What a Pair!
		-- Stroker Ace (1983)

It's always better when you come again!
		-- Porky's II: The Next Day (1983)

You Don't Have to Go to Texas for a Chainsaw Massacre!
		-- Pieces (1983)


After the last of 16 mounting screws has been removed from an access
cover, it will be discovered that the wrong access cover has been removed.


Stay away from hurricanes for a while.


Rome was not built in one day.
		-- John Heywood


Don't talk to me about naval tradition.  It's nothing but rum,
sodomy and the lash.
		-- Winston Churchill


Mother is the invention of necessity.


I'm unbuttoning your shirt, unzipping your jeans ...

Oh, I can feel your fingers on the keys, baby,
	I'm getting WARM ...

I am getting there, oh yes,.  Oh, my. OH YES... OHHHH!
	...!!!rrrrrgh!!!!!

Honey, that was *really* terrific, but, next time,
couldn't you please input a little SLOWER?


The Czechs announced after Sputnik that they, too, would launch
a satellite.  Of course, it would orbit Sputnik, not Earth!


Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance.


When you and I are far apart
Can sorrow break your tender heart?
I love you darling, yes I do;
Sleep is so sweet when I dream of you;
All you are is a blossoming rose.
Night is here so I must close.
With care read the first word of each line.
You will find a question of mine.
		-- Yours hopefully, The VAX


About the time we think we can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
		-- Herbert Hoover


Illinois isn't exactly the land that God forgot:
it's more like the land He's trying to ignore.


I'm all for computer dating, but I
wouldn't want one to marry my sister.


	"Why did you spend so much time parked in that fellow's car last
night?" demanded the irate mother.
"I could hear the giggling and squealing for a good half hour."
	"But, Mom," answered her daughter, "if a fellow takes you to the
movies you ought to at least kiss him good night."
	"I thought you went to the Stork Club?" countered the mother.
	"We did."


American culture is based on the automobile, and any young man of promise
is going to own one and want to travel great distances in it.  Consequently,
any young woman of aspiration should expect to spend most of her vacations
in a car, probing into unfamiliar corners.  She is not required to know how
to drive but she will certainly be expected to read the road map while her
husband drives, and if she can't, or if she's abnormally slow in giving him
help, she's bound to cause trouble.  Therefore, you'd think that colleges
which train the bright young women who're going to marry the bright young
men who are going to own the Cadillacs that roar back and forth across this
continent would teach the girls to read maps.  None do. They teach a hundred
other useless things, but never a word about the one that will cause the
greatest friction.
		-- James Michener, "Space"


And if you wonder,
What I am doing,
As I am heading for the sink.
I am spitting out all the bitterness,
Along with half of my last drink.


File cabinet:
	A four drawer, manually activated trash compactor.


White's Statement:
	Don't lose heart!

Owen's Commentary on White's Statement:
	...they might want to cut it out...

Byrd's Addition to Owen's Commentary:
	...and they want to avoid a lengthy search.


In my sweet little Alice Blue gown
Was the first time I ever laid down,
	I was both proud and shy
	As he opened his fly
And the moment I saw it I thought I would die.

Oh it hung almost down to the ground,
As it went in I made not a sound,
	The more that he shoved it
	The more that I loved it,
As he came on my Alice Blue gown.


QOTD:
	"East is east... and let's keep it that way."


Nine-track tapes and seven-track tapes
And tapes without any tracks;
Stretchy tapes and snarley tapes
And tapes mixed up on the racks --
	Take hold of the tape
	And pull off the strip,
	And then you'll be sure
	Your tape drive will skip.

		-- Uncle Colonel's Cursory Rhymes


If you don't go to other men's funerals they won't go to yours.
		-- Clarence Day


We call our dog Egypt, because in every room he leaves a pyramid.


In the war of wits, he's unarmed.


The Grecians were famed for fine art,
And buildings and stonework so smart.
	They distinguished with poise
	The men from the boys,
And used crowbars to keep them apart.


Knowledge is power -- knowledge shared is power lost.
		-- Aleister Crowley


The lovely woman-child Kaa was mercilessly chained to the cruel post of
the warrior-chief Beast, with his barbarian tribe now stacking wood at
her nubile feet, when the strong clear voice of the poetic and heroic
Handsomas roared, "Flick your Bic, crisp that chick, and you'll feel my
steel through your last meal!"
		-- Winning sentence, 1984 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest


Work smarter, not harder, and be careful of your speling.


Mathematics deals exclusively with the relations of concepts
to each other without consideration of their relation to experience.
		-- Albert Einstein


The qotc (quote of the con) was Liz's:
	"My brain is paged out to my liver"


Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.


Friction is a drag.


Nusbaum's Rule:
	The more pretentious the corporate name, the smaller the
	organization.  (For instance, the Murphy Center for the
	Codification of Human and Organizational Law, contrasted
	to IBM, GM, and AT&T.)


Anything cut to length will be too short.


God must love the Common Man; He made so many of them.


Falling in Love
	When two people have been on enough dates, they generally fall in
love.  You can tell you're in love by the way you feel: your head becomes
light, your heart leaps within you, you feel like you're walking on air,
and the whole world seems like a wonderful and happy place.  Unfortunately,
these are also the four warning signs of colon disease, so it's always a
good idea to check with your doctor.
		-- Dave Barry


Astrology... just a bunch of Taurus.


Around computers it is difficult to find the correct unit of time to
measure progress.  Some cathedrals took a century to complete.  Can you
imagine the grandeur and scope of a program that would take as long?
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


	[I plan] to see, hear, touch, and destroy everything in my path,
including beets, rutabagas, and most random vegetables, but excluding yams,
as I am absolutely terrified of yams...
	Actually, I think my fear of yams began in my early youth, when many
of my young comrades pelted me with same for singing songs of far-off lands
and deep blue seas in a language closely resembling that of the common sow.
My psychosis was further impressed into my soul as I reached adolescence,
when, while skipping through a field of yams, light-heartedly tossing flowers
into the stratosphere, a great yam-picking machine tore through the fields,
pursuing me to the edge of the great plantation, where I escaped by diving
into a great ditch filled with a mixture of water and pig manure, which may
explain my tendency to scream, "Here come the Martians!  Hide the eggs!" every
time I have pork.  But I digress.  The fact remains that I cannot rationally
deal with yams, and pigs are terrible conversationalists.


Stay away from flying saucers today.


	"Are pirates an ethnic group?  Or are they just people who burn
illegal cds?"
	"Arrrr!  We prefer to be called Buccaneer-Americans."


Don't quit now, we might just as well
lock the door and throw away the key.


Sacred cows make great hamburgers.


The notion of a "record" is an obsolete
remnant of the days of the 80-column card.
		-- Dennis M. Ritchie


1893 The ideal brain tonic
1900 Drink Coca-Cola -- delicious and refreshing -- 5 cents at all
	soda fountains
1905 Is the favorite drink for LADIES when thirsty -- weary -- despondent
1905 Refreshes the weary, brightens the intellect and clears the brain
1906 The drink of QUALITY
1907 Good to the last drop
1907 It satisfies the thirst and pleases the palate
1907 Refreshing as a summer breeze.  Delightful as a Dip in the Sea
1908 The Drink that Cheers but does not inebriate
1917 There's a delicious freshness to the taste of Coca-Cola
1919 It satisfies thirst
1919 The taste is the test
1922 Every glass holds the answer to thirst
1922 Thirst knows no season
1925 Enjoy the sociable drink
		-- Coca-Cola slogans


They're basically very smelly houseplants until they get to the crawling
age.  You're constantly terrified that they're going to randomly die on
you, but the rules for preventing that outcome are straightforward and
hard to forget.
		-- Thomas Ptacek, giving advice to a new father


Tact consists in knowing how far to go in going too far.
		-- Jean Cocteau


Passion is that funny feeling that drives a man to
bite a woman's neck because she has beautiful legs.


