DEATH WISH:
	The only wish that always comes true, whether or not one wishes it to.


I shot a query into the net.
I haven't got an answer yet,		A posted message called me rotten
But seven people gave me hell		For ignoring mail I'd never gotten;
And said I ought to learn to spell;	An angry message asked me, Please
					Don't send such drivel overseas;
A lawyer sent me private mail
And swore he'd slap my ass in jail --	One netter thought it was a hoax:
I'd mentioned Un*x in my gem		"Hereafter, post to net dot jokes!";
And failed to add the T and M;		Another called my grammar vile
					And criticized my writing style.
Each day I scan each Subject line
In hopes the topic will be mine;
I shot a query into the net.
I haven't got an answer yet...
		-- Ed Nather


CHRISTIAN:
	One who follows the teachings of Christ in so far
	as they are not inconsistent with a life of sin.


What is wanted is not the will to believe, but the will to find out,
which is the exact opposite.
		-- Bertrand Russell, "Skeptical_Essays", 1928


I will not drink!
But if I do...
I will not get drunk!
But if I do...
I will not in public!
But if I do...
I will not fall down!
But if I do...
I will fall face down so that they cannot see my company badge.


FORTUNE TESTS THE GREAT MANAGERS: #9

You are making a sales presentation to a group of corporate executives
in the plushest office you've ever seen.  The enchilada casserole and
egg salad sandwich you had for lunch react, creating severe pressure.
Your sphincter loses control and you break wind, causing the glass
bookcase doors to shatter and a secretary to pass out.  You:

	(a) Offer to come back next week when the smell has gone away.
	(b) Point to the Chief Executive and accuse him of the offense.
	(c) Challenge anyone in the room to do better.


An Ada exception is when a routine gets
in trouble and says "Beam me up, Scotty."


Said sneering Mohammed el-Din:
"Only infidel dogs put it in.
	Back home in Arabia
	We nibble the labia
Till the juice dribbles off of our chin."


No self-made man ever did such a good job
that some woman didn't want to make some alterations.
		-- Kin Hubbard


If God had meant for us to be in the Army,
we would have been born with green, baggy skin.


He was part of my dream, of course --
but then I was part of his dream too.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


The average Ph.D thesis is nothing but the transference of bones from
one graveyard to another.
		-- J. Frank Dobie, "A Texan in England"


War is an equal opportunity destroyer.


Never let your schooling interfere with your education.


The course of true anything never does run smooth.
		-- Samuel Butler


Fuck you and anybody who looks like you.


This hot and dusty cowboy rode in from the mesa, filthy and exhausted.  He
obviously had had nothing but his horse for company for a couple of weeks
and was looking forward to a couple of cold beers in the saloon.  Swinging
off his horse and hitching it to the rail, the cowboy gave his horse an
affectionate slap on the neck.  Then he astonished an old cowhand lounging
on the porch by moving around to the horse's hindquarters, lifting up its
tail and planting a demure kiss on its asshole.
	"What'd you do that for?" asked the cowhand, completely repulsed.
	"Chapped lips," said the cowboy, heading for the saloon doors.
	"Wait a minute," said the old guy.  "Whaddaya mean, chapped lips?"
	"Keeps ya from lickin' 'em," explained the cowboy.


Kissing a fish is like smoking a bicycle.


I am of the belief that catnip arrived on the planet in the same spaceship
that delivered cats. It is the only thing they have from their home
planet. Tuna, chicken, sparrow-brains, etc., these are all things of our
world that they like, but catnip is crack from home.
		-- Bill Cole


Y'all hear about the geometer who went to the beach to catch some
rays and became a tangent ?


Recent research has tended to show that the Abominable No-Man
is being replaced by the Prohibitive Procrastinator.
		-- C. N. Parkinson


This fortune cookie program out of order.  For those in desperate
need, please use the program "randchar".  This program generates
random characters, and, given enough time, will undoubtedly come
up with something profound.  It will, however, take it no time at
all to be more profound than THIS program has ever been.


Democracy is a device that insures we shall be governed no better than
we deserve.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


I call Christianity the one great curse, the one enormous and innermost
perversion, the one great instinct of revenge, for which no means are
too venomous, too underhand, too underground and too petty -- I call it
the one immortal blemish of mankind.
		-- Fredrich Nietzsche


Lady Luck brings added income today.
Lady friend takes it away tonight.


The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says
it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.
		-- E. Hubbard


Once you come out as a Pagan bisexual married leatherdyke,
the rest of life is that much easier.


The conservation movement is a breeding ground of Communists and other
subversives.  We intend to clean them out, even if it means rounding up
every bird watcher in the country.
		-- John Mitchell, Atty. General 1969-1972


	"That's right; the upper-case shift works fine on the screen, but
they're not coming out on the damn printer...  Hold?  Sure, I'll hold."
		-- e. e. cummings last service call


Expect a letter from a friend who will ask a favor of you.


The arms business is founded on human folly, that is why its depths will
never be plumbed and why it will go on forever.  All weapons are defensive
and all spare parts are non-lethal.  The plainest print cannot be read
through a solid gold sovereign, or a ruble or a golden eagle.
		-- Sam Cummings, American arms dealer


Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper.
		-- Francis Bacon


The first child of a Mrs. Keats-Shelley
Came to light with its face in its belly;
	Her second was born
	With a hump and a horn,
And her third was as shapeless as jelly.
		-- Edward Gorey


Ah say, son, you're about as sharp as a bowlin' ball.


If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library?
		-- Lily Tomlin


Ignorance is bliss.
		-- Thomas Gray

Fortune updates the great quotes, #42:
	BLISS is ignorance.


This story concerns a man who, after putting his son to bed each night, would
stand by his boy's door and listen to his son saying his prayers.  One night,
the boy ended his prayers with, "God specially bless Granddad, who won't be
with us much longer."  The man thought this was rather curious, but passed it
off as childish whimsy.  The next day, however, he received a call from his
mother, informing him that his father had passed away early that morning.
During the next few weeks, he listened particularly closely to his son's
prayers, but noticed nothing unusual.  Then, one night, the boy ended his
prayers with, "God specially bless Grandmom, who won't be with us much longer."
Although the shock of the original incident had worn off during the intervening
weeks, he nonetheless phoned his mother to inquire as to her health.  He went to
bed reassured, only to be awakened in the night by his sister calling with the
news that their mother had died suddenly in the night.  The father had a series
of psychological tests done; nothing unusual was uncovered.  About a month
later, the boy ended his prayers with, "God specially bless Daddy, who won't
be with us much longer."  The man was panic-stricken, certain that he was
going to die during the night.  He resolved to stay awake all night; if awake
and alert he should be able to prevent any tragedy.  Morning came.  Breathing
a huge sigh of relief, he went to get the paper off the porch.  There, lying
dead on the doorstep, was the milkman.


Reach out and fuck someone.


Antique fairy tale: Little Red Riding Hood.
Modern fairy tale: Oswald, acting alone, shot Kennedy.


This fortune was brought to you by the people at Hewlett-Packard.


She was coming round the mountain doin' ninety,
When the chain on her motorcycle broke,
	Now she's lying in the grass,
	With the muffler up her ass,
And her tits a-playin' Dixie on the spokes.


	The foreman of a lumber camp put a new workman on the circular saw.
As he turned away, he heard the man say, "Ouch!".
	"What happened?"
	"Dunno," replied the man.  "I just stuck out my hand like this, and
-- well, I'll be damned.  There goes another one!"


Then there was the Scoutmaster who got a fantastic deal on this case of
Tates brand compasses for his troop; only $1.25 each!  Only problem was,
when they got them out in the woods, the compasses were all stuck pointing
to the "W" on the dial.

Moral:
	He who has a Tates is lost!


We may not like doctors, but at least they doctor.  Bankers are not ever
popular but at least they bank.  Policeman police and undertakers take
under.  But lawyers do not give us law.  We receive not the gladsome light
of jurisprudence, but rather precedents, objections, appeals, stays,
filings and forms, motions and counter-motions, all at $250 an hour.
		-- Nolo News, summer 1989


Nature makes boys and girls lovely to look upon so they can be
tolerated until they acquire some sense.
		-- William Phelps


But the greatest Electrical Pioneer of them all was Thomas Edison, who
was a brilliant inventor despite the fact that he had little formal
education and lived in New Jersey.  Edison's first major invention in
1877, was the phonograph, which could soon be found in thousands of
American homes, where it basically sat until 1923, when the record was
invented.  But Edison's greatest achievement came in 1879, when he
invented the electric company.  Edison's design was a brilliant
adaptation of the simple electrical circuit: the electric company sends
electricity through a wire to a customer, then immediately gets the
electricity back through another wire, then (this is the brilliant
part) sends it right back to the customer again.

This means that an electric company can sell a customer the same batch
of electricity thousands of times a day and never get caught, since
very few customers take the time to examine their electricity closely.
In fact the last year any new electricity was generated in the United
States was 1937; the electric companies have been merely re-selling it
ever since, which is why they have so much free time to apply for rate
increases.
		-- Dave Barry, "What is Electricity?"


If the American dream is for Americans only, it will remain our dream
and never be our destiny.
		-- Ren'e de Visme Williamson


Most of the fear that spoils our life comes from attacking
difficulties before we get to them.
		-- Dr. Frank Crane


Everybody but Sam had signed up for a new company pension plan that
called for a small employee contribution.  The company was paying all
the rest.  Unfortunately, 100% employee participation was needed;
otherwise the plan was off.  Sam's boss and his fellow workers pleaded
and cajoled, but to no avail.  Sam said the plan would never pay off.
Finally the company president called Sam into his office.
	"Sam," he said, "here's a copy of the new pension plan and here's
a pen.  I want you to sign the papers.  I'm sorry, but if you don't sign,
you're fired.  As of right now."
	Sam signed the papers immediately.
	"Now," said the president, "would you mind telling me why you
couldn't have signed earlier?"
	"Well, sir," replied Sam, "nobody explained it to me quite so
clearly before."


The probability of someone watching you is directly
proportional to the stupidity of your action.


Did you know that some people your age have sex
thirty-seven times in a week?  And die immediately after?


Enjoy yourself while you're still old.


And on the seventh day, He exited from append mode.


The world is coming to an end...  SAVE YOUR BUFFERS!!


There are times when truth is stranger than fiction and lunch time is
one of them.


The opossum is a very sophisticated animal.  It doesn't even get up
until 5 or 6 PM.


It's no use crying over spilt milk -- it only makes it salty for the cat.


Me, I love the rich.  *Somebody* has to love them.  Sure, a lot
of rich people are assholes, but believe me, a lot of poor people
are assholes too.  And an asshole with money can at least pay
for his own drinks.
		-- Tom Robbins, "Jitterbug Perfume"


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(24) Feminism was established so that unattractive women could have
     easier access to the mainstream of society.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


When in doubt, lead trump.


Some women achieve greatness, some have greatness thrust into them.


To our sweethearts and wives.  May they never meet.
		-- 19th century toast


An atheist is a man with no invisible means of support.


The investment community feels very putupon.  They feel there is no
reason why they shouldn't earn $1 million to $200 million a year,
and they don't want to be held responsible for the global financial
meltdown.
		-- Daniel Fass, Chairman of United States President
		   Barack Obama's financial-industry fundraising party
		   20 October 2009


What is important is food, money and opportunities for scoring off one's
enemies.  Give a man these three things and you won't hear much squawking
out of him.
		-- Brian O'Nolan, "The Best of Myles"


If God is dead, who will save the Queen?


Come, let us hasten to a higher plane,
Where dyads tread the fairy fields of Venn,
Their indices bedecked from one to _n,
Commingled in an endless Markov chain!
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness.
		-- John Muir


	An old maid wanted to travel by bus to the pet cemetery with the
remains of her cat.  As she boarded the bus, she whispered to the driver,
"I have a dead pussy."
	The driver pointed to the woman in the seat behind him and said,
"Sit with my wife.  You two have a lot in common."


grep me no patterns and I'll tell you no lines.


Stop me, before I kill again!


Q:	Do you know what the death rate around here is?
A:	One per person.


I did not look behind me, 'till I got to St. Omer's & thence fled to America;
here I offer'd to become a Spy for the English Government which was scornfully
rejected; I then turned to Plunder & Libel the Yankees, for which I was fined
5000 Dollars & kicked out of the Country!  I came back to England (after
absconding for Seven years) & set up the Crown & Mitre to establish my Loyalty!
-- accepted from the Doctor L400 to print & disperse a pamphlet against "the
Hellfire of Reform" ... but applied the Money to purchase an estate at Botley,
& left ye Doctor to pay the Paper & Printing!  Being now Lord of the Manor, I
began by sowing the seeds of discontent through Hampshire; I oppressed the
Poor, sent the Aged to Hell, & damned the eyes of my Parish Apprentices before
they were open'd in the morning! ... and being now supported by a Band of
Reformers, I renewed my old favorite Toast of Damnation to the House of
Brunswick! & being exalted by the sale of 10,000 Political Registers every
week, I find myself the greatest Man in the World! except that Idol of all my
Adorations, his Royal and Imperial Majesty, NAPOLEONE!
		-- William Cobbett, British journalist


Youth.  It's a wonder that anyone ever outgrows it.


Success is like a fart -- only your own smells nice.
		-- James P. Hogan


Picking up a man in a bar is like a snowstorm, you never know when
he's coming, how many inches you'll get or how long he'll stay.


As an Englishman, an Aussie and a Scotsman are sitting in a pub, quaffing
a few, three flies buzz down from the ceiling and lazily circle each drinker.
Suddenly "buzzzzzzzzplooop", each fly does a kamakazi dive into a different
glass.
	The Englishman take a disgusted look at his pint, dips the fly out
with a spoon, flicks the fly over his shoulder, and drains the glass.
	The Aussie notices the fly as he puts the glass to his lips.  With
a quick puff he blows the bug out in a cloud of foam, and tosses the beer
down in one gulp.
	Then, as they both look on, awestruck, the Scotsman gently grasps the
fly by its wings, lifts it out of his brew and shakes it off.  Then, in a
firm voice he speaks to the fly: "There y'are now laddie, safe and sound.
NOW SPIT IT OOOOT!"


Inform all the troops that communications have completely broken down.


I'm sorry I missed.
		-- Squeaky Fromme


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #4

WITLESS:
	Peter Weir directs Sylvester Stallone in the most challenging role
	of his career.  Stallone plays a Philadelphia police officer on the
	run from corrupt officials.  He is wounded and then nursed back to
	health by Amish Mennonites.  Fearful that they might unwittingly
	reveal his hiding place, he blows them all away.


The fountain code has been tightened slightly so you can no longer dip
objects into a fountain or drink from one while you are floating in mid-air
due to levitation.
	Teleporting to hell via a teleportation trap will no longer occur
if the character does not have fire resistance.
		-- README file from the NetHack game


On his way back from work, a driver came upon a horrible wreck in which one
car looked exactly like his neighbor's.  Stopping hurriedly on the side of
the road, he ran toward the smoldering debris.
	"Listen, mister," a policeman said, holding him back, "I can't let
you come any closer."
	"But that may be my friend, Henry, in there," the anguished man
explained.
	"OK, but it's pretty grisly," the cop cautioned.  "There was a
decapitation."
	The policeman reached into the back seat of the demolished car and
pulled forth the head, holding it at arm's length.  "Is this your friend?"
	"That's not him -- thank heavens," the man said.  "Henry's much
taller."


Come, every frustum longs to be a cone,
And every vector dreams of matrices.
Hark to the gentle gradient of the breeze:
It whispers of a more ergodic zone.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


If you don't drink it, someone else will.


DALLAS:
	The city that chose Astroturf to
	keep the cheerleaders from grazing.


Luck can't last a lifetime, unless you die young.
		-- Russell Banks


Science Fiction, Double Feature.
Frank has built and lost his creature.
Darkness has conquered Brad and Janet.
The servants gone to a distant planet.
Wo, oh, oh, oh.
At the late night, double feature, Picture show.
I want to go, oh, oh, oh.
To the late night, double feature, Picture show.
		-- Rocky Horror Picture Show


You love peace.


Yacc owes much to a most stimulating collection of users, who have
goaded me beyond my inclination, and frequently beyond my ability in
their endless search for "one more feature".  Their irritating
unwillingness to learn how to do things my way has usually led to my
doing things their way; most of the time, they have been right.
		-- Stephen C. Johnson, "Yacc guide acknowledgments"


The babe, with a cry brief and dismal,
Fell into the water baptismal;
	Ere they'd gathered its plight,
	It had sunk out of sight,
For the depth of the font was abysmal.
		-- Edward Gorey


I'm returning this note to you, instead of your paper, because it
(your paper) presently occupies the bottom of my bird cage.
		-- English Professor, Providence College


Your program is sick!  Shoot it and put it out of its memory.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(6) Ours is a world governed by the aggressive use of force.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Obstacles are what you see when you take your eyes off your goal.


Wonderful day.
Your hangover just makes it seem terrible.


Counting in binary is just like counting
in decimal -- if you are all thumbs.
		-- Glaser and Way


The Least Successful Executions
	History has furnished us with two executioners worthy of attention.
The first performed in Sydney in Australia.  In 1803 three attempts were
made to hang a Mr. Joseph Samuels.  On the first two of these the rope
snapped, while on the third Mr. Samuels just hung there peacefully until he
and everyone else got bored.  Since he had proved unsusceptible to capital
punishment, he was reprieved.
	The most important British executioner was Mr. James Berry who
tried three times in 1885 to hang Mr. John Lee at Exeter Jail, but on each
occasion failed to get the trap door open.
	In recognition of this achievement, the Home Secretary commuted
Lee's sentence to "life" imprisonment.  He was released in 1917, emigrated
to America and lived until 1933.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


If you want to put yourself on the map, publish your own map.


You are always busy.


A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
		-- Winston Churchill


Rating women on the Budweiser scale; the number
of Clydesdales it would take to pull you off her.


The smiling Spring comes in rejoicing,
And surly Winter grimly flies.
Now crystal clear are the falling waters,
And bonnie blue are the sunny skies.
Fresh o'er the mountains breaks forth the morning,
The ev'ning gilds the oceans's swell:
All creatures joy in the sun's returning,
And I rejoice in my bonnie Bell.

The flowery Spring leads sunny Summer,
The yellow Autumn presses near;
Then in his turn come gloomy Winter,
Till smiling Spring again appear.
Thus seasons dancing, life advancing,
Old Time and Nature their changes tell;
But never ranging, still unchanging,
I adore my bonnie Bell.
		-- Robert Burns, "My Bonnie Bell"


A man usually falls in love with a woman who asks the kinds of questions
he is able to answer.
		-- Ronald Colman


FORTRAN rots the brain.
		-- John McQuillin


Non Illegitemus Carborundum.
	[Don't let the bastards wear you down.]


I read Playboy for the same reason I read National Geographic.
To see the sights I'm never going to visit.


Call things by their right names...  Glass of brandy and water!  That is the
current but not the appropriate name: ask for a glass of fire and distilled
damnation.
		-- Robert Hall, in Olinthus Gregory's, "Brief Memoir of the
		   Life of Hall"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to logical names.]


	"I don't know what you mean by `glory,'" Alice said
	Humpty Dumpty smiled contemptuously.  "Of course you don't --
till I tell you.  I meant `there's a nice knock-down argument for
you!'"
	"But glory doesn't mean `a nice knock-down argument,'" Alice
objected.
	"When I use a word," Humpty Dumpty said, in a rather scornful
tone, "it means just what I choose it to mean -- neither more nor
less."
	"The question is," said Alice, "whether you can make words mean
so many different things."
	"The question is," said Humpty Dumpty, "which is to be master--
that's all."
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


You must know that a man can have only one invulnerable loyalty, loyalty
to his own concept of the obligations of manhood.  All other loyalties
are merely deputies of that one.
		-- Nero Wolfe


Step back, unbelievers!
Or the rain will never come.
Somebody keep the fire burning, someone come and beat the drum.
You may think I'm crazy, you may think that I'm insane,
But I swear to you, before this day is out,
	you folks are gonna see some rain!


Every time I look at you I am more convinced of Darwin's theory.


With a bushel of apples, you can have
a hell of a time with the doctor's wife.


Oh, yeah, life goes on, long after the thrill of livin' is gone.
		-- John Cougar, "Jack and Diane"


Every word is like an unnecessary stain on silence and nothingness.
		-- Beckett


Rule #1:
	The Boss is always right.

Rule #2:
	If the Boss is wrong, see Rule #1.


We are not loved by our friends for what we are;
rather, we are loved in spite of what we are.
		-- Victor Hugo


355/113 --
	Not the famous irrational number PI, but an incredible simulation.


You'd best be snoozin', 'cause you don't
be gettin' no work done at 5 a.m. anyway.
		-- From the wall of the Wurster Hall stairwell


Q:	Why did the chicken cross the road?
A:	To see his friend Gregory peck.

Q:	Why did the chicken cross the playground?
A:	To get to the other slide.


	Desperate about the state of her social life, a young woman resorted
to the Personal Ads in the back of her local paper.  In the ad she made it
quite clear that what she was advertising for was an expert lover; she already
had plenty of sensitive friends and meaningful relationships and what she
now wanted was to get laid, to put it bluntly.  Phone calls started coming
in, with each caller testifying to his sexual prowess, but none quite struck
the young woman's fancy.  Until one night her doorbell rang.  Opening the door
she found a man with no arms or legs, who informed her that he was there in
response to her advertisement.  "I'm terribly sorry," she stammered, "but my
ad was quite explicit.  I'm really looking for something of a sexual expert,
and you... uh... don't have all the..."
	"Listen," the man interrupted her, "I rang the doorbell, didn't I?"


FORTUNE REMEMBERS THE GREAT MOTHERS: #5

	"And, and, and, and, but, but, but, but!"
		-- Mrs. Janice Markowsky, April 8, 1965


Ain't that something what happened today.  One of us got traded to
Kansas City.
		-- Casey Stengel, informing outfielder Bob Cerv he'd
		   been traded


Pauca sed matura.  (Few but excellent.)
		-- Gauss


Shame is an improper emotion invented by
pietists to oppress the human race.
		-- Robert Preston, Toddy, "Victor/Victoria"


An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of purge.


A GOOD WAY TO THREATEN somebody is to light a stick of dynamite.  Then you
call the guy and hold the burning fuse to the phone.  "Hear that?" you say.
"That's dynamite, baby."
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


I know what "custody" [of the children] means.  "Get even."  That's all
custody means.  Get even with your old lady.
		-- Lenny Bruce


The Third Law of Photography:
	If you did manage to get any good shots, they will be ruined
	when someone inadvertently opens the darkroom door and all of
	the dark leaks out.


The church saves sinners, but science seeks to stop their manufacture.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


Q:	What does it say on the bottom of Coke cans in North Dakota?
A:	Open other end.


Raffiniert ist der Herrgott aber boshaft ist er nicht.
		-- Albert Einstein


The day advanced as if to light some work of mine; it was morning,
and lo! now it is evening, and nothing memorable is accomplished.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


The speed of anything depends on the flow of everything.


There is no point in waiting.
The train stopped running years ago.
All the schedules, the brochures,
The bright-colored posters full of lies,
Promise rides to a distant country
That no longer exists.


I have never been one to sacrifice
my appetite on the altar of appearance.
		-- A. M. Readyhough


QOTD:
	"He's on the same bus, but he's sure as hell got a different
	ticket."


No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.


Excellent time to become a missing person.


While having never invented a sin,
I'm trying to perfect several.


Beat your son every day; you may not know why, but he will.


Build a better mousetrap, the saying goes -- and with the brassiere,
Yankee Ingenuity did exactly that.  But their true stroke of genius was
the new bait.  The old fashioned mousetrap was loaded with cheese;
nobody cares much about cheese, except mice.  But when American
Know-How reloaded the brassiere with tits, every heterosexual male in
the country was hopelessly trapped.
		-- Alan Sherman, "The Rape of the A*P*E*"


When I have one foot in the grave I will tell the truth about women.  I
shall tell it, jump into my coffin, pull the lid over me, and say, "Do
what you like now."
		-- Tolstoy


QOTD:
	"I was a fifty-four-year-old virgin, but I'm all right now."


The more we disagree, the more chance
there is that at least one of us is right.


You shouldn't wallow in self-pity.  But it's OK to put
your feet in it and swish them around a little.
		-- Guindon


You know how to win a victory, Hannibal, but not how to use it.
		-- Maharbal


Fuck-me pumps, n.:
	Stiletto heels of a certain length, usually black patent leather.
The proper designation is "throw-me-down-and-fuck-me" pumps.  Shoes with
heels just high enough to let the frayed tip of a bullwhip trail around
them properly.


If something has not yet gone wrong then it would
ultimately have been beneficial for it to go wrong.


When ev'rybody's tryin' to sleep,
I'm somewhere makin' my midnight creep.		Chorus:
In the mornin' the rooster crow,	I am a back door man,
Somethin' tells me I got to go.		I am a back door man,
					Well, the men don't know,
They take me to the doctor,		But the little girls understand.
	shot full of holes,
Nurse try to save a soul.
Killed her for murder first degree,
Judge what tried let the man go free.

Stand up, cop's wife cried, don't take him down,
Rather be dead six feet in the ground.
When you come home, you can eat pork and beans,
I eats more chicken than any man's seen.
		-- Willie Dixon, "Backdoor Man" (1961)


The so-called lessons of history are for the most part the
rationalizations of the victors.  History is written by the survivors.
		-- Max Lerner


There's a long-standing bug relating to the x86 architecture that
allows you to install Windows.
		-- Matthew D. Fuller


God grant us the serenity to accept the things we cannot change, courage to
change the things we can, and wisdom to know the difference.


[Washington, D.C.] is the home of... taste for
the people -- the big, the bland and the banal.
		-- Ada Louise Huxtable


The most difficult years of marriage are those following the wedding.


Dental health is next to mental health.


Many a town that didn't have enough work to support a single lawyer
can easily support two or more.


Despising machines to a man,
The Luddites joined up with the Klan,
	And ride out by night
	In a sheeting of white
To lynch all the robots they can.
		-- C. M. and G. A. Maxson


Executive ability is prominent in your make-up.


A man usually falls in love with a woman who asks the kinds of questions
he is able to answer.
		-- Ronald Colman


GOD:
	Darwin's chief rival.


Warning: Do not look directly into laser with remaining eye.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(30) The United States will again go to war.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


A society in which women are taught anything but the management of a family,
the care of men, and the creation of the future generation is a society
which is on its way out.
		-- L. Ron Hubbard


Well, you see there was this neighborhood that had a priest, a minister, and
a rabbi who lived near each other.  One summer afternoon the priest went out
and bought himself a new car, and the minister and rabbi, not to be outdone,
did the same.
	The next day the priest went out and blessed his car.  The minister
hired a crane and baptized his car in a swimming pool.  The rabbi, after
thinking seriously for a bit, got a hacksaw and cut three inches off the end
of the tail pipe.


It has been justly observed by sages of all lands that although a man may be
most happily married and continue in that state with the utmost contentment,
it does not necessarily follow that he has therefore been struck stone-blind.
		-- H. Warner Munn


There are two theories to arguing with women. Neither one works.


Public use of any portable music system is a
virtually guaranteed indicator of sociopathic tendencies.
		-- Zoso


Neuroses are red,
	Melancholia's blue.
I'm schizophrenic,
	What are you?


'Twas the nocturnal segment of the diurnal period
   preceding the annual Yuletide celebration, And
   throughout our place of residence,
Kinetic activity was not in evidence among the
   possessors of this potential, including that
   species of domestic rodent known as Mus musculus.
Hosiery was meticulously suspended from the forward
   edge of the woodburning caloric apparatus,
Pursuant to our anticipatory pleasure regarding an
   imminent visitation from an eccentric
   philanthropist among whose folkloric appelations
   is the honorific title of St. Nicklaus ...


Quigley's Law:
	Whoever has any authority over you,
	no matter how small, will attempt to use it.


It is contrary to reasoning to say that there
is a vacuum or space in which there is absolutely nothing.
		-- Rene Descartes


For fast-acting relief, try slowing down.


Little girls, like butterflies, need no excuse.
		-- Lazarus Long


Learned men are the cisterns of knowledge, not the fountainheads.


	The only real game in the world, I think, is baseball...
You've got to start way down, at the bottom, when you're six or seven years
old. You can't wait until you're fifteen or sixteen.  You've got to let it
grow up with you, and if you're successful and you try hard enough, you're
bound to come out on top, just like these boys have come to the top now.
		-- Babe Ruth, in his 1948 farewell speech at Yankee Stadium


Remember that whatever misfortune may be your lot, it could only be
worse in Cleveland.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(3) Peace does not mean the elimination of nuclear weapons.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Expert, n.:
	Someone who comes from out of town and shows slides.


Had I been present at the creation, I would have given some
useful hints for the better ordering of the universe.
		-- Alfonso the Wise

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to operating system initialization.]


Q:	Why is it that Mexico isn't sending anyone to the '84 summer games?
A:	Anyone in Mexico who can run, swim or jump is already in LA.


