A violent man will die a violent death.
		-- Lao Tsu


The plot was designed in a light vein that somehow became varicose.
		-- David Lardner


What's page one, a preemptive strike?
		-- Professor Freund, Communication, Ramapo State College


Nothing makes a person more productive than the last minute.


As you will see, I told them, in no uncertain terms, to see Figure one.
		-- Dave "First Strike" Pare


The less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag.
		-- Kin Hubbard


Computers will not be perfected until they can compute how much more
than the estimate the job will cost.


He is the best of men who dislikes power.
		-- Mohammed


Waste not fresh tears over old griefs.
		-- Euripides


The problem with me is that I am fifty or one hundred years ahead of my
time.  My speed is very fast.  Some ministers have had to drop out of my
government because they could not keep up.
		-- Idi Amin Dada


The louder he talked of his honour, the faster we counted our spoons.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
		-- Wittgenstein


AUTHENTIC:
	Indubitably true, in somebody's opinion.


Filth and old age, I'm sure you will agree,
Are powerful wardens upon chastity.
		-- Geoffrey Chaucer


I worked in a health food store once.  A guy came in and asked me,
"If I melt dry ice, can I take a bath without getting wet?"
		-- Steven Wright


Quark!  Quark!  Beware the quantum duck!


Never try to outstubborn a cat.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"


Nobody can be exactly like me.  Sometimes even I have trouble doing
it.
		-- Tallulah Bankhead


I call Christianity the one great curse, the one enormous and innermost
perversion, the one great instinct of revenge, for which no means are
too venomous, too underhand, too underground and too petty -- I call it
the one immortal blemish of mankind.
		-- Fredrich Nietzsche


Any time things appear to be going better, you have overlooked
something.


"I'm a doctor, not a mechanic."
		-- "The Doomsday Machine", when asked if he had heard of
		   the idea of a doomsday machine.
"I'm a doctor, not an escalator."
		-- "Friday's Child", when asked to help the very pregnant
		   Ellen up a steep incline.
"I'm a doctor, not a bricklayer."
		-- "Devil in the Dark", when asked to patch up the Horta.
"I'm a doctor, not an engineer."
		-- "Mirror, Mirror", when asked by Scotty for help in
		   Engineering aboard the USS Enterprise.
"I'm a doctor, not a coal miner."
		-- "The Empath", on being beneath the surface of Minara 2.
"I'm a surgeon, not a psychiatrist."
		-- "City on the Edge of Forever", on Edith Keeler's remark
		   that Kirk talked strangely.
"I'm no magician, Spock, just an old country doctor."
		-- "The Deadly Years", to Spock while trying to cure the
		   aging effects of the rogue comet near Gamma Hydra 4.
"What am I, a doctor or a moon shuttle conductor?"
		-- "The Corbomite Maneuver", when Kirk rushed off from a
		   physical exam to answer the alert.


Take your Senator to lunch this week.


Berkeley had what we called "copycenter," which is "take it down
to the copy center and make as many copies as you want."
		-- Kirk McKusick


In my world, there are people in chains and we can ride them like ponies.
		-- Evil Willow, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Doppelgangland"
		   Season 3, Episode 16


Math is to physics like masturbation is to sex.


Yes me, I got a bottle in front of me.
And Jimmy has a frontal lobotomy.
Just different ways to kill the pain the same.
But I'd rather have a bottle in front of me,
Than to have to have a frontal lobotomy.
I might be drunk but at least I'm not insane.
		-- Randy Ansley M.D. (Dr. Rock)


A full belly makes a dull brain.
		-- Benjamin Franklin

		[and the local candy machine man.  Ed]


	"You boys lookin' for trouble?"
	"Sure.  Whaddya got?"
		-- Marlon Brando, "The Wild Ones"


The fearless old bishop of Brest
Put his faith in the Lord to the test.
	He fucked whores in the apse
	With chancres and claps,
But first they were sprinkled and blessed.


Take care of the luxuries and the
necessities will take care of themselves.
		-- L. Long


Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.


No, "Eureka" is Greek for "This bath is too hot."
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


Many companies that have made themselves dependent on [the equipment of a
certain major manufacturer] (and in doing so have sold their soul to the
devil) will collapse under the sheer weight of the unmastered complexity of
their data processing systems.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


Kirkland, Illinois, law forbids bees to fly over the village or through
any of its streets.


In case of injury notify your superior immediately.
He'll kiss it and make it better.


What kind of sordid business are you on now?  I mean, man, whither
goest thou?  Whither goest thou, America, in thy shiny car in the night?
		-- Jack Kerouac


AQUARIUS (Jan. 20 to Feb. 18)
	A friend will step forward and confide in you about your breath.  Rely
	on your outgoing personality and winning smile to get you into a lot
	of trouble.  Be relaxed, things will change.  Look for a pink slip on
	payday.  Stop wetting your bed.


Don't abandon hope.
Your Captain Midnight decoder ring arrives tomorrow.


I attribute my success to intelligence, guts, determination, honesty,
ambition, and having enough money to buy people with those qualities.


In every country and every age, the priest has been hostile to Liberty.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


	"Sir", said the beggar, "can you spare fifty dollars for a cup of
coffee?"
	"Fifty dollars for a cup of coffee, one should be sufficient!",
answered the gentleman, rather shortly.
	"I know", replied the beggar, "but coffee always makes me horny."


Nothing endures but change.
		-- Heraclitus
	[Yeah, yeah, "Everything changes but change itself." --JFK Ed.]


You can lead a whore to Vasser, but you can't make her think.
		-- Frederick B. Artz


99 blocks of crud on the disk,
99 blocks of crud!
You patch a bug, and dump it again:
100 blocks of crud on the disk!

100 blocks of crud on the disk,
100 blocks of crud!
You patch a bug, and dump it again:
101 blocks of crud on the disk!


And so it was, later,
As the miller told his tale,
That her face, at first just ghostly,
Turned a whiter shade of pale.
		-- Procol Harum


The bland leadeth the bland and they both shall fall into the kitsch.


The Italian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest, "I Can't Get No
Contraception", has been withdrawn after the Pope advised them to
pull it out at the last minute.
		-- Not the Nine O'Clock News


The work [of software development] is becoming far easier (i.e. the tools
we're using work at a higher level, more removed from machine, peripheral
and operating system imperatives) than it was twenty years ago, and because
of this, knowledge of the internals of a system may become less accessible.
We may be able to dig deeper holes, but unless we know how to build taller
ladders, we had best hope that it does not rain much.
		-- Paul Licker


Wharbat darbid yarbou sarbay?


Briefly stated, the findings are that when presented with an array of
data or a sequence of events in which they are instructed to discover
an underlying order, subjects show strong tendencies to perceive order
and causality in random arrays, to perceive a pattern or correlation
which seems a priori intuitively correct even when the actual correlation
in the data is counterintuitive, to jump to conclusions about the correct
hypothesis, to seek and to use only positive or confirmatory evidence, to
construe evidence liberally as confirmatory, to fail to generate or to
assess alternative hypotheses, and having thus managed to expose themselves
only to confirmatory instances, to be fallaciously confident of the validity
of their judgments (Jahoda, 1969; Einhorn and Hogarth, 1978).  In the
analyzing of past events, these tendencies are exacerbated by failure to
appreciate the pitfalls of post hoc analyses.
		-- A. Benjamin


Life is like an onion: you peel it off
one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep.
		-- Carl Sandburg


U.S. of A.:
	"Don't speak to the bus driver."
Germany:
	"It is strictly forbidden for passengers to speak to the driver."
England:
	"You are requested to refrain from speaking to the driver."
Scotland:
	"What have you got to gain by speaking to the driver?"
Italy:
	"Don't answer the driver."


FreeBSD Trivia:
	Did you know that successive security officers take
control by beheading their predecessor?
		-- Robert Watson


We prefer to speak evil of ourselves
rather than not speak of ourselves at all.


Ernest asks Frank how long he has been working for the company.
	"Ever since they threatened to fire me."


Twenty years of romance make a woman look like a ruin; but
twenty years of marriage make her something like a public building.
		-- Wilde


Mistakeholder, n.:
	A person who depends on accidental features or
	implementation errors and so now has a vested
	interest in keeping things from being fixed.
		-- Chip Morningstar


	"How would I know if I believe in love at first sight?" the sexy
social climber said to her roommate.  "I mean, I've never seen a Porsche
full of money before."


Like my parents, I have never been a regular church member or churchgoer.
It doesn't seem plausible to me that there is the kind of God who watches
over human affairs, listens to prayers, and tries to guide people to follow
His precepts -- there is just too much misery and cruelty for that.  On the
other hand, I respect and envy the people who get inspiration from their
religions.
		-- Benjamin Spock


No one becomes depraved in a moment.
		-- Decimus Junius Juvenalis


What is truth?  We must adopt a pragmatic definition: it is what is believed
to be the truth.  A lie that is put across therefore becomes the truth and
may, therefore, be justified.  The difficulty is to keep up lying... it is
simpler to tell the truth and if a sufficient emergency arises, to tell one,
big thumping lie that will then be believed.
		-- Ministry of Information, memo on the maintenance of
		   British civilian morale, 1939


The Consultant's Curse:
	When the customer has beaten upon you long enough, give him
what he asks for, instead of what he needs.  This is very strong
medicine, and is normally only required once.


The difference between dogs and cats is that dogs come when they're
called.  Cats take a message and get back to you.


Class: when they're running you out of town, to look like you're
leading the parade.
		-- Bill Battie


A grammarian's life is always intense.


All I know is what the words know, and dead things, and that
makes a handsome little sum, with a beginning and a middle and
an end, as in the well-built phrase and the long sonata of the dead.
		-- Samuel Beckett


Connector Conspiracy, n.:
	[probably came into prominence with the appearance of the
KL-10, none of whose connectors match anything else] The tendency of
manufacturers (or, by extension, programmers or purveyors of anything)
to come up with new products which don't fit together with the old
stuff, thereby making you buy either all new stuff or expensive
interface devices.


If you didn't have to work so hard,
you'd have more time to be depressed.


Damn braces.
		-- William Blake, "Proverbs of Hell"


Nothing is illegal if one hundred businessmen decide to do it.
		-- Andrew Young


He who walks on burning coals is sure to get burned.
		-- Sinbad


There is a fly on your nose.


I lately lost a preposition;
It hid, I thought, beneath my chair
And angrily I cried, "Perdition!
Up from out of under there."

Correctness is my vade mecum,
And straggling phrases I abhor,
And yet I wondered, "What should he come
Up from out of under for?"
		-- Morris Bishop


If life's a piece of shit, Calculus III is the spoon.


Hear that...
	the only thing worse than coming home with lipstick on your
	collar is being caught with leg make-up on your ears?


The mark of a good party is that you wake up the next morning
wanting to change your name and start a new life in different city.
		-- Vance Bourjaily, "Esquire"


One difference between a man and a machine
is that a machine is quiet when well oiled.


Meskimen's Law:
	There's never time to do it right, but there's always time to
	do it over.


Religion is fine, Churchianity sucks.


Come live with me, and be my love,
And we will some new pleasures prove
Of golden sands, and crystal brooks,
With silken lines, and silver hooks.
		-- John Donne


Mythology, n.:
	The body of a primitive people's beliefs, concerning its origin,
	early history, heroes, deities and so forth, as distinguished
	from the true accounts which it invents later.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Assassins do it from behind.


I THINK THEY SHOULD CONTINUE the policy of not giving a Nobel Prize for
paneling.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Newman's Discovery:
	Your best dreams may not come true;
	fortunately, neither will your worst dreams.


Let's organize this thing and take all the fun out of it.


Do you think that when they asked George Washington for ID that he
just whipped out a quarter?
		-- Steven Wright


Beneath this stone a virgin lies,
For her life held no terrors.
A virgin born, a virgin died:
No hits, no runs, no errors.


	An architect's first work is apt to be spare and clean.  He knows
he doesn't know what he's doing, so he does it carefully and with great
restraint.
	As he designs the first work, frill after frill and embellishment
after embellishment occur to him.  These get stored away to be used "next
time".  Sooner or later the first system is finished, and the architect,
with firm confidence and a demonstrated mastery of that class of systems,
is ready to build a second system.
	This second is the most dangerous system a man ever designs.  When
he does his third and later ones, his prior experiences will confirm each
other as to the general characteristics of such systems, and their differences
will identify those parts of his experience that are particular and not
generalizable.
	The general tendency is to over-design the second system, using all
the ideas and frills that were cautiously sidetracked on the first one.
The result, as Ovid says, is a "big pile".
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


I'll grant thee random access to my heart,
Thoul't tell me all the constants of thy love;
And so we two shall all love's lemmas prove
And in our bound partition never part.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


The King named Oedipus Rex
Who started this fuss about sex
	Put the world to great pains
	By the spots and the stains
Which he made on his mother's pubex.


PURGE COMPLETE.


Moderation in all things.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer [Terence]


Harold had never wanted a woman so much in his life, upon overhearing the
22- year-old beauty remark that he was too old and out of shape for her.  The
determined septuagenarian immediately embarked upon a rigorous self-improvement
program.  He had his face lifted, bought a toupee, ran five miles every day,
lifted weights and adopted a strict vegetarian diet.  Within months, the
rejuvenated man won the young woman's heart, and she agreed to marry him.
	On the way out of the chapel, however, Harold was fatally struck
by lightning.  Furious, he confronted Saint Peter at the pearly gates.  "How
could you do this to me after all the pain I went through?"
	"To be honest, Harold," Saint Peter sheepishly replied, "I didn't
recognize you."


We gotta get out of this place,
If it's the last thing we ever do.
		-- The Animals


May you die in bed at 95, shot by a jealous spouse.


Would you mind terribly much if I asked you to take your silly-assed
problem down the hall?


This is lemma 1.1.  We start a new chapter so the numbers all go back
to one.
		-- Prof. Seager, C&O 351


No skis take rocks like rental skis!


Don't put off for tomorrow what you can do today because
if you do it today, you can do it again tomorrow.


A man is already halfway in love with any woman who listens to him.
		-- Brendan Francis


	"Haig, in congressional hearings before his confirmatory, paradoxed
his audiencers by abnormaling his responds so that verbs were nouned, nouns
verbed, and adjectives adverbised.  He techniqued a new way to vocabulary his
thoughts so as to informationally uncertain anybody listening about what he
had actually implicationed.
	"If that is how General Haig wants to nervous breakdown the Russian
leadership, he may be shrewding his way to the biggest diplomatic invent
since Clausewitz.  Unless, that is, he schizophrenes his allies first."
		-- The Guardian


His mind is like a steel trap: full of mice.
		-- Foghorn Leghorn


All the taxes paid over a lifetime by the average American are spent by
the government in less than a second.
		-- Jim Fiebig


On the porch of a dude named Horatio,
His girl got a yen for fellatio.
	As she sucked on his dingus
	He tried cunnilingus
But the cops ran 'em off of that patio.


Mosher's Law of Software Engineering:
	Don't worry if it doesn't work right.
	If everything did, you'd be out of a job.


Heard tell that the Iron Magnolia wanted to divorce ol' Jimmy.
Seems he's screwing everyone but her.


Aphorism, n.:
	A concise, clever statement.
Afterism, n.:
	A concise, clever statement you don't think of until too late.
		-- James Alexander Thom


Any girl can be glamorous; all you have to do is stand still and look
stupid.
		-- Hedy Lamarr


QOTD:
	"She was so tough she rolled her own tampons."


Lay off the muses, it's a very tough dollar.
		-- S. J. Perelman


Here's a toast to Screwy Dick,
The man who was born with a corkscrew prick.
He spent his life in a futile hunt,
To find a woman with a spiral cunt.
And when he did, he dropped stone dead,
'Cause the blasted thing had a left-hand thread!


Rembrandt's first name was Beauregard, which is why he never used
it.
		-- Dave Barry


Cocaine is nature's way of telling you you have too much money.


And on the third day, Christ arose, pushed aside the rock that had served
as the tomb door, and walked again on the earth.
	And as he departed, a passer-by pointed at the door Jesus had left
open.  "What's the matter with you?" he said. "Born in a barn?"


Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set:

BBW	Branch Both Ways
BEW	Branch Either Way
BBBF	Branch on Bit Bucket Full
BH	Branch and Hang
BMR	Branch Multiple Registers
BOB	Branch On Bug
BPO	Branch on Power Off
BST	Backspace and Stretch Tape
CDS	Condense and Destroy System
CLBR	Clobber Register
CLBRI	Clobber Register Immediately
CM	Circulate Memory
CMFRM	Come From -- essential for truly structured programming
CPPR	Crumple Printer Paper and Rip
CRN	Convert to Roman Numerals


Seems that a pollster was taking a worldwide opinion poll.
Her question was, "Excuse me; what's your opinion on the meat shortage?"

In Texas, the answer was "What's a shortage?"
In Poland, the answer was "What's meat?"
In the Soviet Union, the answer was "What's an opinion?"
In New York City, the answer was "What's excuse me?"


Dimensions will always be expressed in the least usable term, convertible
only through the use of weird and unnatural conversion factors.  Velocity,
for example, will be expressed in furlongs per fortnight.


There are three religious truths:
1. Jews do not recognize Jesus as the Messiah.
2. Protestants do not recognize the Pope as the leader of the
   Christian faith.
3. Baptists do not recognize each other in the liquor store or
   the adult book store.


Sir Francis Drake circumcised the world with a 100 foot clipper.


If there is a wrong way to do something, then someone will do it.
		-- Edward A. Murphy, Jr.


There is Jackson standing like a stone wall.  Let us determine to die,
and we will conquer.  Follow me.
		-- General Barnard E. Bee (CSA)


You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
		-- Indira Gandhi


Virtue does not always demand a heavy sacrifice --
only the willingness to make it when necessary.
		-- Frederick Dunn


Hear about the...
	guy who wore a tux to his vasectomy, because he figured that
	if he was going to be impotent he might as well look impotent.


Save Soviet Jewry -- Win Valuable Prizes!!!!


It's our fault.  We should have given him better parts.
		-- Jack Warner, on hearing that Reagan had been
		   elected governor of California.

[Warner is also reported to have said, when told of Reagan's candidacy
for governor, "No, Jimmy Stewart for Governor; Reagan for best friend."]


1: No code table for op: ++post


SAGITTARIUS (Nov.22 - Dec.21)
	Your efforts to help a little old lady cross a street will
	backfire when you learn that she was waiting for a bus.  Subdue
	impulse you have to push her out into traffic.


Q:	What do you call a dog with no legs?
A:	What does it matter?  He can't come anyway.

	[I got a dog with no legs -- I call him Cigarette.
		Every night, I take him out for a drag.  Ed.]


To a Californian, all New Yorkers are cold; even in heat they rarely go
above fifty-eight degrees.  If you collapse on a street in New York, plan
to spend a few days there.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


When you have to kill a man it costs nothing to be polite.
		-- Winston Churchill, on formal declarations of war


Pixel, n.:
	A mischievous, magical spirit associated with screen displays.
	The computer industry has frequently borrowed from mythology:
	Witness the sprites in computer graphics, the demons in artificial
	intelligence, and the trolls in the marketing department.


There are ten or twenty basic truths, and life
is the process of discovering them over and over and over.
		-- David Nichols


The best book on programming for the layman is "Alice in Wonderland";
but that's because it's the best book on anything for the layman.


Once harm has been done, even a fool understands it.
		-- Homer


I was having sex just the other night, but she hung up.


Children are natural mimics who act like their parents
despite every effort to teach them good manners.


Konrad Lorenz, the great animal behaviorist, was scrupulous about cultivating
fruitful confusion.  Lorenz lived among his research subjects:  dozens of
species of mammals, birds, reptiles, and fishes.  He did not quantify, control,
or consciously experiment.  He got to know each creature individually, then
threw them together, watching for the unexpected, the unusual, or the bizarre
in the chaos that followed.  For example, his interest in one of ethology's
most important concepts, that of intention movements (motions with meaning,
such as the head bobbing in birds that serves as an alarm signal before
flight), derived from an inadvertent experiment.  He had trained a free-flying
raven to eat raw meat from his hand and had been feeding the bird for several
hours one day.  He would reach into his pants pocket and take out a piece of
meat, and the raven would swoop down to grab it in its bill.  By and by, Lorenz
went to relieve himself near a hedge.  When the raven saw him put his hand
into his pants and pull out another morsel of meat, it swooped down, hungrily
grasping the new mouthful in its bill.  Lorenz howled in pain.  But the event
left a deep impression on him -- about how faithfully animals respond to
intention movements, that is.
		-- The Sciences, May/June, 1988, N.Y. Academy of Science


Ah, but a man's grasp should exceed his reach,
Or what's a heaven for ?
		-- Robert Browning, "Andrea del Sarto"


Smuggling... It's not just a job, it's an adventure!
		-- paid for by your local Colombian recruiting office


FACILITY REJECTED 100044200000;


In fact, S. M. Simpson, eventually devised an efficient 24-point Fourier
transform, which was a precursor to the Cooley-Tukey fast Fourier transform
in 1965.  The FFT made all of Simpson's efficient autocorrelation and
spectrum programs instantly obsolete, on which he had worked half a lifetime.
		-- Proc. IEEE, Sept. 1982, p.900


