Millions of sensible people are too high-minded to concede that politics is
almost always the choice of the lesser evil.  "Tweedledum and Tweedledee,"
they say.  "I will not vote."  Having abstained, they are presented with a
President who appoints the people who are going to rummage around in their
lives for the next four years.  Consider all the people who sat home in a
stew in 1968 rather than vote for Hubert Humphrey.  They showed Humphrey.
Those people who taught Hubert Humphrey a lesson will still be enjoying the
Nixon Supreme Court when Tricia and Julie begin to find silver threads among
the gold and the black.
		-- Russel Baker, "Ford without Flummery"


Your spooning days are over,
	And your pilot light is out;
When what used to be your sex appeal
	Is now your water spout!


It occurred to me lately that nothing has occurred to me lately.


He is truly wise who gains wisdom from another's mishap.


The study of non-linear physics is like the study of non-elephant
biology.


I didn't like the play, but I saw it under adverse conditions.
The curtain was up.


Q:	How do you shoot a blue elephant?
A:	With a blue-elephant gun.

Q:	How do you shoot a pink elephant?
A:	Twist its trunk until it turns blue, then shoot it with
	a blue-elephant gun.


I hate trolls.  Maybe I could metamorph it into something else -- like a
ravenous, two-headed, fire-breathing dragon.
		-- Willow


Him:	"Your skin is so soft.  Are you a model?"
Her:	"No,"  [blush]  "I'm a cosmetologist."
Him:	"Really? That's incredible...
	It must be very tough to handle weightlessness."
		-- "The Jerk"


A lie is an abomination unto the Lord and a very present help in time of
trouble.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


And I alone am returned to wag the tail.


	The young male race horse came from a long line of winners, and did
wonderfully in time trials.  However, in actual races he proved a little too
romantic, and could never quite bring himself to pass a mare.
	So one day the trainer went to him and told him he'd have to be
castrated.  The young horse, knowing that it was either this or the glue
factory, took it philosophically.  After all, having the operation was
almost a certain guarantee of a long and illustrious racing career.
	After a short recovery period, the horse was again run in time
trials, and found to do as well as ever.  But the first time he actually
ran in a race, he only went about ten paces, before getting a dejected look
on his face, turning around, and ambling back to the starting gates.
	"What's the matter?" asked the trainer, "you were doing great!"
	"Yeah, well how would you feel" replied the horse, "if five thousand
people took one look at you and shouted `they're off!'?"


What is food to one, is to others bitter poison.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


The History of every major Galactic Civilization tends to pass through
three distinct and recognizable phases, those of Survival, Inquiry, and
Sophistication, otherwise known as the How, Why, and Where phases.  For
instance, the first phase is characterized by the question "How can we
eat?" the second by "Why do we eat?" and the third by "Where shall we
have lunch?".
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the End of the Universe"


[It is] best to confuse only one issue at a time.
		-- K&R


Your lucky number is 3552664958674928.
Watch for it everywhere.


	Then there's the story of the man who avoided reality for 70 years
with drugs, sex, alcohol, fantasy, TV, movies, records, a hobby, lots of
sleep...  And on his 80th birthday died without ever having faced any of
his real problems.
	The man's younger brother, who had been facing reality and all his
problems for 50 years with psychiatrists, nervous breakdowns, tics, tension,
headaches, worry, anxiety and ulcers, was so angry at his brother for having
gotten away scott free that he had a paralyzing stroke.
	The moral to this story is that there ain't no justice that we can
stand to live with.
		-- R. Geis


Do not seek death; death will find you.
But seek the road which makes death a fulfillment.
		-- Dag Hammarskjold


I loved her with a love thirsty and desperate. I felt that we two might
commit some act so atrocious that the world, seeing us, would find it
irresistible.
		-- Gene Wolfe, "The Shadow of the Torturer"


In my world, there are people in chains and we can ride them like ponies.
		-- Evil Willow, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Doppelgangland"
		   Season 3, Episode 16


Yes, I was surprised how easy it was to cut the door off my cat.
		-- James D. Nicoll


Romance, like alcohol, should be enjoyed, but should not be allowed to
become necessary.
		-- Edgar Friedenberg


One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible.
Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought,
a rivalry of aim.
		-- Henry Brook Adams


If built in great numbers, motels will be used for nothing
but illegal purposes.
		-- J. Edgar Hoover


System checkpoint complete.


If you want your spouse to listen and pay strict attention to every word
you say, talk in your sleep.


QOTD:
	"I've heard about civil Engineers, but I've never met one."


I love dogs, but I hate Chihuahuas.  A Chihuahua isn't a dog.
It's a rat with a thyroid problem.


Egotism is the anesthetic given by a kindly nature
to relieve the pain of being a damned fool.
		-- Bellamy Brooks


Flappity, floppity, flip
The mouse on the m"obius strip;
	The strip revolved,
	The mouse dissolved
In a chronodimensional skip.


Legalize free-enterprise murder: why should governments have all the
fun?


And then there was the lawyer that stepped in cow manure and thought
he was melting...


People with narrow minds usually have broad tongues.


... But we've only fondled the surface of that subject.
		-- Virginia Masters


You see things; and you say "Why?"
But I dream things that never were; and I say "Why not?"
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "Back to Methuselah"
		   [No, it wasn't John F. Kennedy.  Ed.]


As Rev. Spooner would say, you are a shining wit.


Female rabbits:
	The gift that just "keeps on giving."


If we don't survive, we don't do anything else.
		-- John Sinclair


Politics, as a practice, whatever its professions, has always been the
systematic organisation of hatreds.
		-- Henry Adams, "The Education of Henry Adams"


Q:	What do you get when you cross the Godfather with an attorney?
A:	An offer you can't understand.


Too bad all the people who know how to run the country are busy
driving cabs and cutting hair.
		-- George Burns


Oh, I'm looking over, my dead dog Rover,
That got run over with my mower.
One leg is missing, and one other is gone,
The fourth one is scattered all over the lawn.
It's no use explain'n, the one remaining,
It landed by the kitchen door.
Oh, I'm looking over, my dead dog rover,
that ain't gonna walk no more...
		-- Tune is something about a four-leaf clover


Knights are hardly worth it.
I mean, all that shell and so little meat...


At least I thought I was dancing, 'til somebody stepped on my hand.
		-- J. B. White


To err is humor.


To criticize the incompetent is easy;
it is more difficult to criticize the competent.


You can now buy more gates with less
specifications than at any other time in history.
		-- Kenneth Parker


He hath eaten me out of house and home.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


Those parts of the system that you can hit with a hammer (not advised)
are called hardware; those program instructions that you can only curse
at are called software.
		-- Levitating Trains and Kamikaze Genes: Technological
		   Literacy for the 1990's.


A cloud does not know why it moves in just such a direction and at such
a speed, if feels an impulsion... this is the place to go now.  But the
sky knows the reasons and the patterns behind all clouds, and you will
know, too, when you lift yourself high enough to see beyond horizons.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


The infliction of cruelty with a good conscience is
a delight to moralists.  That is why they invented hell.
		-- Bertrand Russell


Kill a commie for Christ!


Computers can figure out all kinds of problems, except the things in
the world that just don't add up.


To a New Yorker, the only California houses on the market for less than
a million dollars are those on fire.  These generally go for six hundred
thousand.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


Any small object that is accidentally
dropped will hide under a larger object.


The early worm gets the late bird.


If you're crossing the nation in a covered wagon, it's better to have four
strong oxen than 100 chickens.  Chickens are OK but we can't make them work
together yet.
		-- Ross Bott, Pyramid U.S., on multiprocessors at AUUGM '89


Q:	What's the difference between a dead dog in the road and a dead
	lawyer in the road?
A:	There are skid marks in front of the dog.


I am a PC technician - however, this has unfortunately caused my
computer to be running Win98.
		-- seen on a FreeBSD mailing-list


	Overheard in a bar:
Man: "Hey, Baby, I'd sure like to get in your pants!"
Woman: "No, thanks, I've already got one ass-hole in there now."


She often gave herself very good advice
(though she very seldom followed it).
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


A yawn is a silent shout.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


	All that you touch,		And all you create,
	All that you see,		And all you destroy,
	All that you taste,		All that you do,
	All you feel,			And all you say,
	And all that you love,		All that you eat,
	And all that you hate,		And everyone you meet,
	All you distrust,		All that you slight,
	All you save,			And everyone you fight,
	And all that you give,		And all that is now,
	And all that you deal,		And all that is gone,
	All that you buy,		And all that's to come,
	Beg, borrow or steal,		And everything under the sun is
						in tune,
					But the sun is eclipsed
					By the moon.

There is no dark side of the moon... really... matter of fact it's all dark.
		-- Pink Floyd, "Dark Side of the Moon"


Watching girls go passing by
It ain't the latest thing
I'm just standing in a doorway
I'm just trying to make some sense
Out of these girls passing by		A smile relieves the heart that grieves
The tales they tell of men		Remember what I said
I'm not waiting on a lady		I'm not waiting on a lady
I'm just waiting on a friend		I'm just waiting on a friend
...
Don't need a whore
Don't need no booze
Don't need a virgin priest		Ooh, making love and breaking hearts
But I need someone I can cry to		It is a game for youth
I need someone to protect		But I'm not waiting on a lady
					I'm just waiting on a friend
					I'm just waiting on a friend
		-- Rolling Stones, "Waiting on a Friend"


Avoid cliches like the plague.
They're a dime a dozen.


In the misfortune of our friends we find something that is not
displeasing to us.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld, "Maxims"


Elliptical, n.:
	The feel of a kiss.


If you didn't get caught, did you really do it?


Who does not trust enough will not be trusted.
		-- Lao Tsu


Hear about...
	the recent cigarette survey that disclosed that 99% of the
	men who have tried Camels have gone back to women?


They're basically very smelly houseplants until they get to the crawling
age.  You're constantly terrified that they're going to randomly die on
you, but the rules for preventing that outcome are straightforward and
hard to forget.
		-- Thomas Ptacek, giving advice to a new father


If it smells it's chemistry, if it crawls it's biology, if it doesn't work
it's physics.


The older I grow, the more I distrust the
familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom.
		-- H. L. Mencken


	"Haig, in congressional hearings before his confirmatory, paradoxed
his audiencers by abnormaling his responds so that verbs were nouned, nouns
verbed, and adjectives adverbised.  He techniqued a new way to vocabulary his
thoughts so as to informationally uncertain anybody listening about what he
had actually implicationed.
	"If that is how General Haig wants to nervous breakdown the Russian
leadership, he may be shrewding his way to the biggest diplomatic invent
since Clausewitz.  Unless, that is, he schizophrenes his allies first."
		-- The Guardian


Monogamy is the Western custom of one wife and hardly any mistresses.
		-- H. H. Munro


Democracy is a device that insures we shall be governed no better than
we deserve.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Gold coast slave ship bound for cotton fields
Sold in a market down in New Orleans
Scarred old slaver knows he's doing alright
Hear him whip the women, just around midnight

Ah, brown sugar how come you taste so good?
Ah, brown sugar just like a young girl should

Drums beating cold English blood runs hot
Lady of the house wonderin' where it's gonna stop
House boy knows that he's doing alright
You should a heard him just around midnight.
...
I bet your mama was tent show queen
And all her girlfriends were sweet sixteen
I'm no school boy but I know what I like
You should have heard me just around midnight.
		-- Rolling Stones, "Brown Sugar"


Whenever you find that you are on the
side of the majority, it is time to reform.
		-- Mark Twain


A conservative is a man who is too cowardly to fight and too fat to run.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


Q:	What's worse than getting raped by Jack the Ripper?
A:	Getting fingered by Captain Hook!


People are unconditionally guaranteed to be full of defects.


Most people deserve each other.
		-- Shirley


Give me a sleeping pill and tell me your troubles.


... when fits of creativity run strong, more than one programmer or writer
has been known to abandon the desktop for the more spacious floor.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr.


Good government never depends upon laws, but upon the personal qualities of
those who govern.  The machinery of government is always subordinate to the
will of those who administer that machinery.  The most important element of
government, therefore, is the method of choosing leaders.
		-- Frank Herbert, "Children of Dune"


Diogenes went to look for an honest lawyer. "How's it going?", someone
asked him, after a few days.
	"Not too bad", replied Diogenes. "I still have my lantern."


There are many people today who literally do not have a close personal
friend.  They may know something that we don't.  They are probably
avoiding a great deal of pain.


The first 90% of a project takes 90% of the time,
the last 10% takes the other 90% of the time.


The temperature of the aqueous content of an unremittingly ogled
culinary vessel will not achieve 100 degrees on the Celsius scale.


Uppers are no longer stylish, methedrine is almost as rare as pure acid
or DMT.  "Consciousness Expansion" went out with LBJ and it is worth
noting, historically, that downers came in with Nixon.
		-- Dr. Hunter S. Thompson


"I don't think so," said Ren'e Descartes.  Just then, he vanished.


The price one pays for pursuing any profession, or calling, is an intimate
knowledge of its ugly side.
		-- James Baldwin


There is no likelihood man can ever tap the power of the atom.
		-- Robert Millikan, Nobel Prize in Physics, 1923


QOTD:
	"If you keep an open mind people will throw a lot of garbage in it."


Dying is easy.  Comedy is difficult.
		-- Actor Edmond Gween, on his deathbed


Cut a man's hand when you fight him.  He'll freeze, fascinated by the sight
of his own blood.  That's when you stick him in the throat.
		-- Gerry Youghkins

If you look rather casual with the knife when you flick it open, people
don't like it.
		-- Gerry Youghkins


If you want divine justice, die.
		-- Nick Seldon


You will meet an important person who will help you advance professionally.


That Xanthippe's husband should have become so great a philosopher is
remarkable.  Amid all the scolding, to be able to think!  But he could not
write: that was impossible.  Socrates has not left us a single book.
		-- Heine


If you hands are clean and your cause is just
and your demands are reasonable, at least it's a start.


"You are old, Father William," the young man said,
	"All your papers these days look the same;
Those William's would be better unread --
	Do these facts never fill you with shame?"

"In my youth," Father William replied to his son,
	"I wrote wonderful papers galore;
But the great reputation I found that I'd won,
	Made it pointless to think any more."


Hi!  You have reached 962-0129. None of us are here to answer the phone and
the cat doesn't have opposing thumbs, so his messages are illegible.  Please
leave your name and message after the beep...


Learn to pause -- or nothing worthwhile can catch up to you.


It's hard to keep a good girl down -- but lots of fun trying.


Albert Camus wrote that the only serious question is whether to kill yourself
or not.  Tom Robbins wrote that the only serious question is whether time has
a beginning and an end.  Camus clearly got up on the wrong side of bed, and
Robbins must have forgotten to set the alarm.
		-- Tom Robbins


Did you hear about...
	the butcher who dropped his cleaver and went home half-cocked?


I believe in an America where the separation of church and state is absolute
-- where no Catholic prelate would tell the president (should he be Catholic)
how to act, and no Protestant minister would tell his parishioners for whom
to vote -- where no church or church school is granted any public funds or
political preference -- and where no man is denied public office merely
because his religion differs from the president who might appoint him or
the people who might elect him.
		-- John F. Kennedy


Men use thought only to justify their wrong doings,
and speech only to conceal their thoughts.
		-- Voltaire


The whole world is a tuxedo and you are a pair of brown shoes.
		-- George Gobel


The Army needs leaders the way a foot needs a big toe.
		-- Bill Murray


If you mess with a thing long enough, it'll break.
		-- Schmidt


Reach out and fuck someone.


Spark's Sixth Rule for Managers:
	If a subordinate asks you a pertinent question, look at him as
if he had lost his senses.  When he looks down, paraphrase the question
back at him.


You roll my log, and I will roll yours.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca


Time goes, you say?
Ah no!
Time stays, *we* go.
		-- Austin Dobson


No, I don't have a drinking problem.
I drink, I get drunk, I fall down.  No problem!


Johnny Carson's Observation on Geriatrics:
	Sex in the sixties is great, but it improves if you pull
	over to the side of the road.


Actually, my goal is to have a sandwich named after me.


Q:	What do you call a blind, deaf-mute, quadriplegic Virginian?
A:	Trustworthy.


The one charm of marriage is that it makes a life of deception a necessity.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Adore, v.:
	To venerate expectantly.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Laugh, and the world ignores you.  Crying doesn't help either.


How soon can you have sexual relations after your wife delivers?
Well, depends on if she's in a ward or a private room.


Harris had the beefstead pie between his knees, and was carving it, and George
and I were waiting with our plates ready.
	"Have you got a spoon there?" says Harris; "I want a spoon to help
the gravy with."
	The hamper was close behind us, and George and I both turned round to
reach one out.  We were not five seconds getting it.  When we looked round
again, Harris and the pie were gone!
	It was a wide, open field.  There was not a tree or a bit of hedge for
hundreds of yards.  He could not have tumbled into the river, because we were
on the water side of him, and he would have had to climb over us to do it.
	George and I gazed all about.  Then we gazed at each other.
	"Has he been snatched up to heaven?" I queried.
	"They'd hardly have taken the pie, too," said George.
	There seemed weight in this objection, and we discarded the heavenly
theory.
	"I suppose the truth of the matter is," suggested George, descending
to the commonplace and practicable, "that there has been an earthquake."
	And then he added, with a touch of sadness in his voice: "I wish he
hadn't been carving that pie."
		-- Jerome K. Jerome, "Three Men In A Boat"


Those who sweat in flames of hell,	Leaden eared, some thought their bowels
Here's the reason that they fell:	Lispeth forth the sweetest vowels.
While on earth they prayed in SAS,	These they offered up in praise
PL/1, or other crass,			Thinking all this fetid haze
Vulgar tongue.				A rhapsody sung.

Some the lord did sorely try		Jabber of the mindless horde
Assembling all their pleas in hex.	Sequel next did mock the lord
Speech as crabbed as devil's crable	Slothful sequel so enfangled
Hex that marked on Tower Babel		Its speaker's lips became entangled
The highest rung.			In his bung.

Because in life they prayed so ill
And offered god such swinish swill
Now they sweat in flames of hell
Sweat from lack of APL
Sweat dung!


Hear about...
	the new rule at the girls' school?
	Lights out by ten, candles by eleven.


Never tell.  Not if you love your wife ... In fact, if your old lady walks
in on you, deny it.  Yeah.  Just flat out and she'll believe it: "I'm
tellin' ya.  This chick came downstairs with a sign around her neck `Lay
On Top Of Me Or I'll Die'.  I didn't know what I was gonna do..."
		-- Lenny Bruce


The error of youth is to believe that intelligence is a substitute
for experience, while the error of age is to believe experience is
a substitute for intelligence.
		-- Lyman Bryson


Never test the depth of the water with both feet.


Blessed are they who Go Around in Circles,
for they Shall be Known as Wheels.


Q:	Where's the Lone Ranger take his garbage?
A:	To the dump, to the dump, to the dump dump dump!

Q:	What's the Pink Panther say when he steps on an ant hill?
A:	Dead ant, dead ant, dead ant dead ant dead ant...


Keep emotionally active.  Cater to your favorite neurosis.


Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
		-- Thomas Jones


