WARNING:
	Reading this fortune can affect the dimensionality of your
	mind, change the curvature of your spine, cause the growth
	of hair on your palms, and make a difference in the outcome
	of your favorite war.


I will not be briefed or debriefed, my underwear is my own.


Disks travel in packs.


Seems like this duck waddles into a pharmacy, waddles up to the prescription
counter and rings the bell.  The pharmacist walks up and asks, "Can I help
you?".
	The duck replies, "Yes, I'd like a box of condoms, please."
	"Certainly", says the pharmacist, "will that be cash or would
you like me to put it on your bill?"
	Snarls the duck, "Just what kind of duck do you think I am?"


Kime's Law for the Reward of Meekness:
	Turning the other cheek merely ensures two bruised cheeks.


The story you are about to hear is true.
Only the names have been changed to protect the innocent.


I can remember when a good politician had to be 75 percent ability and
25 percent actor, but I can well see the day when the reverse could be
true.
		-- Harry S. Truman


Show me a man who is a good loser and I'll show you a man who is
playing golf with his boss.


It isn't easy being the parent of a six-year-old.  However, it's a pretty
small price to pay for having somebody around the house who understands
computers.


If you don't ride a camel to work, you ain't Sheeite.


K:	Cobalt's metal, hard and shining;
	Cobol's wordy and confining;
	KOBOLDS topple when you strike them;
	Don't feel bad, it's hard to like them.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC


When in doubt, have a man come through the door with a gun in his hand.
		-- Raymond Chandler


Giles:	 What do you want?
Angelus: I want to torture you.  I used to love it, it's been a long time.
	 I mean, the last time I tortured somebody, they didn't even _H_A_V_E
	 chain saws.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Becoming, Part 2"
		   Season 2, Episode 22


So... so you think you can tell
Heaven from Hell?
Blue skies from pain?			Did they get you to trade
Can you tell a green field		Your heroes for ghosts?
From a cold steel rail?			Hot ashes for trees?
A smile from a veil?			Hot air for a cool breeze?
Do you think you can tell?		Cold comfort for change?
					Did you exchange
					A walk on part in a war
					For the lead role in a cage?
		-- Pink Floyd, "Wish You Were Here"


Computer Science is the only discipline in which we view
adding a new wing to a building as being maintenance
		-- Jim Horning


The basic menu item, in fact the ONLY menu item, would be a food unit
called the "patty," consisting of -- this would be guaranteed in
writing -- "100 percent animal matter of some kind."  All patties would
be heated up and then cooled back down in electronic devices
immediately before serving.  The Breakfast Patty would be a patty on a
bun with lettuce, tomato, onion, egg, Ba-Ko-Bits, Cheez Whiz, a Special
Sauce made by pouring ketchup out of a bottle and a little slip of
paper stating: "Inspected by Number 12".  The Lunch or Dinner Patty
would be any Breakfast Patties that didn't get sold in the morning.
The Seafood Lover's Patty would be any patties that were starting to
emit a serious aroma.  Patties that were too rank even to be Seafood
Lover's Patties would be compressed into wads and sold as "Nuggets."
		-- Dave Barry, "'Mister Mediocre' Restaurants"


There isn't room enough in this dress for both of us!


Misfortune, n.:
	The kind of fortune that never misses.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


IBM:
	I've Been Moved
	Idiots Become Managers
	Idiots Buy More
	Impossible to Buy Machine
	Incredibly Big Machine
	Industry's Biggest Mistake
	International Brotherhood of Mercenaries
	It Boggles the Mind
	It's Better Manually
	Itty-Bitty Machines


Albert Camus wrote that the only serious question is whether to kill yourself
or not.  Tom Robbins wrote that the only serious question is whether time has
a beginning and an end.  Camus clearly got up on the wrong side of bed, and
Robbins must have forgotten to set the alarm.
		-- Tom Robbins


...the heat come 'round and busted me for smiling on a cloudy day.


Mummy dust to make me old;
To shroud my clothes, the black of night;
To age my voice, an old hag's cackle;
To whiten my hair, a scream of fright;
A blast of wind to fan my hate;
A thunderbolt to mix it well --
Now begin thy magic spell!
		-- The Evil Queen, "Snow White"


Go slowly to the entertainments of thy friends,
but quickly to their misfortunes.
		-- Chilo


	ACHTUNG!!!
Das machine is nicht fur gefingerpoken und mittengrabben.  Ist easy
schnappen der springenwerk, blowenfusen und corkenpoppen mit
spitzensparken.  Ist nicht fur gewerken by das dummkopfen.  Das
rubbernecken sightseeren keepen hands in das pockets.  Relaxen und
vatch das blinkenlights!!!


	"We're running out of adjectives to describe our situation.  We
had crisis, then we went into chaos, and now what do we call this?" said
Nicaraguan economist Francisco Mayorga, who holds a doctorate from Yale.
		-- The Washington Post, February, 1988

The New Yorker's comment:
	At Harvard they'd call it a noun.


An ambassador is an honest man sent abroad
to lie and intrigue for the benefit of his country.
		-- Sir Henry Wotton (1568-1639)


Like I said, love wouldn't be so blind if the braille
weren't so damned great!
		-- Armistead Maupin


Kitten with a whip,	Teddy bear in chains,	Puss in leather boots,
tail, swish swish,	spread on a bed;	rising thigh high;
take what you will,	fantasy games,		black rubber suits;
get what you wish.	deep in your head.	making him cry.

Squirm from the blows,	Now pussy's all hot,	Teddy bear sighs;
writhe from the pain;	from the power trip;	kitty's on top;
but teddy bear knows,	ready or not,		there's fire in her eyes,
that he wants it again.	next swing's from	and the cat won't stop.
				the hip.

The world explodes,	Teddy's still tied;	Kitten with a whip,
her claws dig in;	lying all alone;	tail, swish swish,
then kitty cat goes,	even if he tried,	take what you will,
cause she's through	he couldn't go home.	get what you wish.
	with him.
		-- Kitten With A Whip


The smallest worm will turn being trodden on.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


MEMORIES OF MY FAMILY MEETINGS still are a source of strength to me.  I
remember we'd all get into the car -- I forget what kind it was -- and
drive and drive.

I'm not sure where we'd go, but I think there were some bees there. The
smell of something was strong in the air as we played whatever sport we
played.  I remember a bigger, older guy whom we called "Dad."  We'd eat
some stuff or not and then I think we went home.

I guess some things never leave you.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


A musician, an artist, an architect:
	the man or woman who is not one of these is not a Christian.
		-- William Blake


Section 2.4.3.5   AWNS   (Acceptor Wait for New Cycle State).
	In AWNS the AH function indicates that it has received a
multiline message byte.
	In AWNS the RFD message must be sent false and the DAC message
must be sent passive true.
	The AH function must exit the AWNS and enter:
	(1)  The ANRS if DAV is false
	(2)  The AIDS if the ATN message is false and neither:
		(a)  The LADS is active
		(b)  Nor LACS is active

		-- from the IEEE Standard Digital Interface for
		   Programmable Instrumentation


The two things that you should never lend out are your car
or your woman.  Someone's bound to throw a rod in either one.


We tried to close Ohio's borders and ran into a Constitutional problem.
There's a provision in the Constitution that says you can't close your
borders to interstate commerce, and garbage is a form of interstate commerce.
		-- Ohio Lt. Governor Paul Leonard


I have yet to see any problem, however complicated, which, when looked
at in the right way, did not become still more complicated.
		-- Poul Anderson


GREAT MOMENTS IN HISTORY (#7):  November 23, 1915

Pancake make-up is invented; most people continue to prefer syrup.


The difference between legal separation and divorce is
that legal separation gives the man time to hide his money.


If we see the light at the end of the tunnel
It's the light of an oncoming train.
		-- Robert Lowell


Do married women make the best wives?


The "cutting edge" is getting rather dull.
		-- Andy Purshottam


There is a great discovery still to be made in Literature:
that of paying literary men by the quantity they do NOT write.


The bank called to tell me that I'm overdrawn,
Some freaks are burning crosses out on my front lawn,
And I *can't*believe* it, all the Cheetos are gone,
	It's just ONE OF THOSE DAYS!
		-- Weird Al Yankovic, "One of Those Days"


A priest asked: What is Fate, Master?

And he answered:

It is that which gives a beast of burden its reason for existence.

It is that which men in former times had to bear upon their backs.

It is that which has caused nations to build byways from City to City
upon which carts and coaches pass, and alongside which inns have come
to be built to stave off Hunger, Thirst and Weariness.

And that is Fate?  said the priest.

Fate ... I thought you said Freight, responded the Master.

That's all right, said the priest.  I wanted to know what Freight was
too.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"


Premature ejaculator, n.:
	Troubled shooter.


Were there no women, men might live like gods.
		-- Thomas Dekker


Fakir, n.:
	A psychologist whose charismatic data have inspired almost
	religious devotion in his followers, even though the sources
	seem to have shinnied up a rope and vanished.


The revolution will not be televised.


METEOROLOGIST:
	One who doubts the established fact that it is
	bound to rain if you forget your umbrella.


It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
		-- Walt Disney


A clash of doctrine is not a disaster - it is an opportunity.


If you live long enough, you'll see that every victory turns into a defeat.
		-- Simone De Beauvoir


Even if you persuade me, you won't persuade me.
		-- Aristophanes


A man may be so much of everything that he is nothing of anything.
		-- Samuel Johnson


Gravity is a myth, the Earth sucks.


Ever since I was a young boy,
I've hacked the ARPA net,
From Berkeley down to Rutgers,		He's on my favorite terminal,
Any access I could get,			He cats C right into foo,
But ain't seen nothing like him,	His disciples lead him in,
On any campus yet,			And he just breaks the root,
That deaf, dumb, and blind kid,		Always has full SYS-PRIV's,
Sure sends a mean packet.		Never uses lint,
					That deaf, dumb, and blind kid,
					Sure sends a mean packet.
He's a UNIX wizard,
There has to be a twist.
The UNIX wizard's got			Ain't got no distractions,
Unlimited space on disk.		Can't hear no whistles or bells,
How do you think he does it?		Can't see no message flashing,
I don't know.				Types by sense of smell,
What makes him so good?			Those crazy little programs,
					The proper bit flags set,
					That deaf, dumb, and blind kid,
					Sure sends a mean packet.
		-- UNIX Wizard


	It is a profoundly erroneous truism, repeated by all copy-books and
by eminent people when they are making speeches, that we should cultivate
the habit of thinking about what we are doing.  The precise opposite is the
case.  Civilization advances by extending the numbers of important operations
which we can perform without thinking about them.  Operations of thought are
like cavalry charges in battle -- they are strictly limited in number, they
require fresh horses, and must only be made at decisive moments.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead


Civilization, as we know it, will end sometime this evening.
See SYSNOTE tomorrow for more information.


When you make your mark in the world,
watch out for guys with erasers.
		-- The Wall Street Journal


Did I say 2?  I lied.


You probably wouldn't worry about what people
think of you if you could know how seldom they do.
		-- Olin Miller


Three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Croll's Query:
	If tin whistles are made of tin, what are foghorns made of?


If the meanings of "true" and "false" were switched,
then this sentence would not be false.


We'll have solar energy when the power companies develop a sunbeam meter.


	A domineering man married a mere wisp of a girl.  He came back from
his honeymoon a chastened man.  He'd become aware of the will of the wisp.


Rules:
	(1)  The boss is always right.
	(2)  When the boss is wrong, refer to rule 1.


Showerbath: Natural venue for sexual adventures -- wash together, make love
together: only convenient overhead point in most apartments or hotel rooms
to attach a partner's hands.  Don't pull down the fixture, however -- it
isn't weightbearing.  See Discipline.
		-- The Joy of Sex


Better to use medicines at the outset than at the last moment.


Lie, n.:
	A very poor substitute for the truth, but the only one
	discovered to date.


	I went into a bar feeling a little depressed, the bartender said,
"What'll you have, Bud"?
	I said," I don't know, surprise me".
	So he showed me a nude picture of my wife.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


He who laughs last is probably your boss.


UNION:
	A dues-paying club workers wield to strike management.


It is up to us to produce better-quality movies.
		-- Lloyd Kaufman,
		   producer of "Stuff Stephanie in the Incinerator"


That's the thing about people who think they hate computers.  What they
really hate is lousy programmers.
		-- Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle in "Oath of Fealty"


This is your fortune.


If you would keep a secret from an enemy, tell it not to a friend.


There is no choice before us.  Either we must Succeed in providing
the rational coordination of impulses and guts, or for centuries
civilization will sink into a mere welter of minor excitements.
We must provide a Great Age or see the collapse of the upward
striving of the human race.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead


		NEW ADDITION TO THE LIBRARY:
"Sally", the department's new inflatable doll, is available on a
short-term removal basis only -- please sign her out and return her
promptly to avoid extended waits.  (We are still awaiting shipment of
our "Big John" doll.)


Please don't put a strain on our friendship
by asking me to do something for you.


Expert, n.:
	Someone who comes from out of town and shows slides.


A dead man cannot bite.
		-- Gnaeus Pompeius (Pompey)


17.  HO HUM -- The Redundant

------- (7)	This hexagram refers to a situation of extreme
--- --- (8)	boredom.  Your programs always bomb off.  Your wife
------- (7)	smells bad.  Your children have hives.  You are working
---O--- (6)	on an accounting system, when you want to develop
---X--- (9)	the GREAT AMERICAN COMPILER.  You give up hot dates
--- --- (8)	to nurse sick computers.  What you need now is sex.

Nine in the second place means:
	The yellow bird approaches the malt shop.  Misfortune.

Six in the third place means:
	In former times men built altars to honor the Internal
	Revenue Service.  Great Dragons!  Are you in trouble!


The Poet Whose Badness Saved His Life
	The most important poet in the seventeenth century was George
Wither.  Alexander Pope called him "wretched Wither" and Dryden said of his
verse that "if they rhymed and rattled all was well".
	In our own time, "The Dictionary of National Biography" notes that his
work "is mainly remarkable for its mass, fluidity and flatness.  It usually
lacks any genuine literary quality and often sinks into imbecile doggerel".
	High praise, indeed, and it may tempt you to savour a typically
rewarding stanza: It is taken from "I loved a lass" and is concerned with
the higher emotions.
		She would me "Honey" call,
		She'd -- O she'd kiss me too.
		But now alas!  She's left me
		Falero, lero, loo.
	Among other details of his mistress which he chose to immortalize
was her prudent choice of footwear.
		The fives did fit her shoe.
	In 1639 the great poet's life was endangered after his capture by
the Royalists during the English Civil War.  When Sir John Denham, the
Royalist poet, heard of Wither's imminent execution, he went to the King and
begged that his life be spared.  When asked his reason, Sir John replied,
"Because that so long as Wither lived, Denham would not be accounted the
worst poet in England."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


If you already know what recursion is, just remember the answer.
Otherwise, find someone who is standing closer to Douglas Hofstadter
than you are; then ask him or her what recursion is.
		-- Andrew Plotkin


No one born with a mouth and a need is "innocent".
		-- Greg Bear


Then there was the Scot that wanted to rob a jewelry store -- he tossed a
brick through the show window and ran off with a king's ransom.  They
caught him when he came back for the brick.


Crazee Edeee, his prices are INSANE!!!


GEMINI (May 21 - June 20)
	You are a quick and intelligent thinker.  People like you because
you are bisexual.  However, you are inclined to expect too much for too
little.  This means you are cheap.  Geminis are known for committing incest.


COMMENT:
	A superfluous element of a source program included so the
	programmer can remember what the hell it was he was doing
	six months later.  Only the weak-minded need them, according
	to those who think they aren't.


