Oh, baby, put two fingers here and one finger there and call me bitch.


Croll's Query:
	If tin whistles are made of tin, what are foghorns made of?


All [zoos] actually offer to the public in return for the taxes spent
upon them is a form of idle and witless amusement, compared to which a
visit to a penitentiary, or even to a State legislature in session, is
informing, stimulating and ennobling.
		-- H. L. Mencken


I couldn't remember when I had been so disappointed.  Except perhaps the
time I found out that M&Ms really DO melt in your hand.
		-- Peter Oakley


He missed an invaluable opportunity to hold his tongue.
		-- Andrew Lang


There once was a king who ruled his country long, wisely, and well.  The
king had a son whom he hoped would someday rule the land.  He also wished
in his heart that the son would be wise and compassionate.  One day he said
to the prince:
	"If you promised that you would give a certain woman anything, even
half of your kingdom, and then she demanded the life of your best friend,
what would your decision be, my son?"
	The young prince thought for a moment and then said, "I would tell
her that the life of my best friend did not lie in the half of the kingdom
that I had promised."
	The king knew that his son would be a great king.


Line Printer paper is strongest at the perforations.


Diogenes went to look for an honest lawyer. "How's it going?", someone
asked him, after a few days.
	"Not too bad", replied Diogenes. "I still have my lantern."


San Francisco isn't what it used to be, and it never was.
		-- Herb Caen


CREDITOR:
	A man who has a better memory than a debtor.


news: gotcha


I hate quotations.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


... indifference is a militant thing ... when it goes away it leaves
smoking ruins, where lie citizens bayonetted through the throat.  It is
not a children's pastime like mere highway robbery.
		-- Stephen Crane


Law of Probable Dispersal:
	Whatever it is that hits the fan will not be evenly distributed.


If you'd like to cultivate insomnia,
Bed down with a pretty girl.
Amor vincit omnia.


Since we have to speak well of the dead, let's knock them while they're
alive.
		-- John Sloan


My analyst told me that I was right out of my head,
	But I said, "Dear Doctor, I think that it is you instead.
Because I have got a thing that is unique and new,
	To prove it I'll have the last laugh on you.
'Cause instead of one head -- I've got two.

And you know two heads are better than one.


Early to bed and early to rise makes a man a helluva big nuisance.


VOLCANO:
	A mountain with hiccups.


Weed's Axiom:
	Never ask two questions in a business letter.
	The reply will discuss the one in which you are
	least interested and say nothing about the other.


Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt.
		-- Herbert Hoover


All I kin say is when you finds yo'self wanderin' in a peach orchard,
ya don't go lookin' for rutabagas.
		-- Kingfish


There's nothing in the middle of the road but yellow stripes and dead
armadillos.
		-- Jim Hightower, Texas Agricultural Commissioner


No matther whether th' constitution follows th' flag or not,
th' supreme court follows th' iliction returns.
		-- Mr. Dooley


Never tell people how to do things.  Tell them WHAT to
do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.
		-- Gen. George S. Patton, Jr.


	Four Oxford dons were taking their evening walk together and as
usual, were engaged in casual but learned conversation.  On this particular
evening, their conversation was about the names given to groups of animals,
such as a "pride of lions" or a "gaggle of geese."
	One of the professors noticed a group of prostitutes down the block,
and posed the question, "What name would be given to that group?"  The four
fell into silence for a moment, as they pondered the possibilities...
	At last, one spoke: "How about 'a Jam of Tarts'?"  The others nodded
in acknowledgment as they continued to consider the problem.  A second
professor spoke: "I'd suggest 'an Essay of Trollops.'"  Again, the others
nodded.  A third spoke: "I propose 'a Flourish of Strumpets.'"
	They continued their walk in silence, until the first professor
remarked to the remaining professor, who was the most senior and learned of
the four, "You haven't suggested a name for our ladies.  What are your
thoughts?"
	Replied the fourth professor, "'An Anthology of Prose.'"


Teamwork is essential -- it allows you to blame someone else.


The universe is all a spin-off of the Big Bang.


Some of them want to use you,
Some of them want to be used by you,
...Everybody's looking for something.
		-- Eurythmics, "Sweet Dreams (Are Made Of This)"


True to our past we work with an inherited, observed, and accepted vision of
personal futility, and of the beauty of the world.
		-- David Mamet


I fell asleep reading a dull book,
and I dreamt that I was reading on,
so I woke up from sheer boredom.


	"What the hell are you getting so upset about?  I thought you
didn't believe in God."
	"I don't," she sobbed, bursting violently into tears, "but the
God I don't believe in is a good God, a just God, a merciful God.  He's
not the mean and stupid God you make Him out to be."
		-- Joseph Heller, "Catch-22"


Once the realization is accepted that even between the closest human beings
infinite distances continue to exist, a wonderful living side by side can
grow up, if they succeed in loving the distance between them which makes it
possible for each to see each other whole against the sky.
		-- Rainer Rilke


You notice that after Ginzburg admitted he had tried marijuana everyone
got in line to admit it, too.  But you also notice they all said they
"experimented" with marijuana.  The didn't "use" it; they "experimented"
with it.  Let me tell you something -- Jonas Salk "experiments"; these
guys were getting stoned!
		-- Johnny Carson


Time is nature's way of making sure that
everything doesn't happen at once.

Space is nature's way of making sure that
everything doesn't happen to you.


The two things that you should never lend out are your car
or your woman.  Someone's bound to throw a rod in either one.


Coward, n.:
	One who in a perilous emergency thinks with his legs.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Sex and drugs and UNIX.


Masturbation is the thinking man's television.
		-- Christopher Hampton


Q:	How can you tell when a WASP is sexually aroused?
A:	By the stiff upper lip.


I suggest you locate your hot tub outside your house, so it won't do
too much damage if it catches fire or explodes.  First you decide which
direction your hot tub should face for maximum solar energy.  After
much trial and error, I have found that the best direction for a hot
tub to face is up.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Acting is not very hard.  The most important things are to be able to laugh
and cry.  If I have to cry, I think of my sex life.  And if I have to laugh,
well, I think of my sex life.
		-- Glenda Jackson


Just a few of the perfect excuses for having some strawberry shortcake.
Pick one.

1:	It's less calories than two pieces of strawberry shortcake.
2:	It's cheaper than going to France.
3:	It neutralizes the brownies I had yesterday.
4:	Life is short.
5:	It's somebody's birthday.  I don't want them to celebrate alone.
6:	It matches my eyes.
7:	Whoever said, "Let them eat cake." must have been talking to me.
8:	To punish myself for eating dessert yesterday.
9:	Compensation for all the time I spend in the shower not eating.
10:	Strawberry shortcake is evil.  I must help rid the world of it.
11:	I'm getting weak from eating all that healthy stuff.
12:	It's the second anniversary of the night I ate plain broccoli.


Bureau Termination, Law of:
	When a government bureau is scheduled to be phased out,
	the number of employees in that bureau will double within
	12 months after the decision is made.


An Ada exception is when a routine gets
in trouble and says "Beam me up, Scotty."


Instead of giving money to found colleges to promote learning, why don't
they pass a constitutional amendment prohibiting anybody from learning
anything?  If it works as good as the Prohibition one did, why, in five
years we would have the smartest race of people on earth.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


Responsibility:
	Everyone says that having power is a great responsibility.  This is
a lot of bunk.  Responsibility is when someone can blame you if something
goes wrong.  When you have power you are surrounded by people whose job it
is to take the blame for your mistakes.  If they're smart, that is.
		-- Cerebus, "On Governing"


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(15) The Peace Movement in the United States was, whether by accident or
     design, pro-communist.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Iron Law of Distribution:
	Them that has, gets.


As the system comes up, the component builders will from time to time appear,
bearing hot new versions of their pieces -- faster, smaller, more complete,
or putatively less buggy.  The replacement of a working component by a new
version requires the same systematic testing procedure that adding a new
component does, although it should require less time, for more complete and
efficient test cases will usually be available.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


Quickie, n.:
	No sooner spread than done.


Don't hit a man when he's down -- kick him; it's easier.


Men often believe -- or pretend -- that the "Law" is something sacred, or
at least a science -- an unfounded assumption very convenient to governments.


Do you feel personally responsible for the world food shortage?
Every time you go to the beach, does the tide come in?
Have you ever eaten an entire moose?
Can you see your neck?
Do joggers take laps around you for exercise?
If so, welcome to National Fat Week.
This week we'll eat without guilt, and kick off our membership campaign,
	...by force-feeding a box of cornstarch to a skinny person.
		-- Garfield


A toast to the kisses you've snatched and vice-versa.


Don't know what time I'll be back, Mom.
Probably soon after she throws me out.


I used to live in a house by the freeway.  When I went anywhere, I had
to be going 65 MPH by the end of my driveway.

I replaced the headlights in my car with strobe lights.  Now it looks
like I'm the only one moving.

I was pulled over for speeding today.  The officer said, "Don't you know
the speed limit is 55 miles an hour?"  And I said, "Yes, but I wasn't going
to be out that long."

I put a new engine in my car, but didn't take the old one out.  Now
my car goes 500 miles an hour.
		-- Steven Wright


What George Washington did for us was to throw out the British, so
that we wouldn't have a fat, insensitive government running our
country. Nice try anyway, George.
		-- Disk Jockey on KSFO/KYA


What a man enjoys most about a woman's clothes are his fantasies of how
she would look without them.
		-- Brendan Francis


Biggest security gap -- an open mouth.


He who slings mud loses ground.
		-- Chinese proverb


Democracy is a device that insures we shall be governed no better than
we deserve.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


After rushing into a drugstore, the nervous young man was obviously
embarrassed when a prim thirty-ish woman asked if she could serve him.
	"N-no," he stammered, "I'd like to see the druggist."
	"I'm the druggist", she replied cheerfully.
	"Oh.. well, uh, it's nothing important," he said, and turned to leave.
	"Young man," said the woman, "my sister and I have been running this
drugstore for nearly ten years.  There is nothing you can tell us that will
embarrass us.
	"Well, all right," he said.  "I have this awful sexual hunger that
nothing will appease.  No matter how many times I make love, I still want to
make love again and again.  Is there anything you can give me for it?"
	"Just a moment," said the woman, "I'll have to discuss this with my
sister."
	A few minutes later, she returned.  "The best we can do," she said,
"is room and board and a half-interest in the business."


GIVE:	Support the helpless victims of computer error.


I've never been canoeing before, but I imagine there must
be just a few simple heuristics you have to remember...

Yes, don't fall out, and don't hit rocks.


QOTD:
	"My ambition is to marry a rich woman who's too proud to let
	her husband work."


The mate for beauty should be a man and not a money chest.
		-- Bulwer


If you're happy, you're successful.


Decision maker, n.:
	The person in your office who was unable to form a task force
	before the music stopped.


If you want to know how old a man is, ask his brother-in-law.


Tiddely Quiddely
Edward M. Kennedy
Quite unaccountably
Drove in a stream.

Pleas of amnesia
Incomprehensible
Possibly shattered
Political dream.


If you do not wish a man to do a thing, you had better get him to talk about
it; for the more men talk, the more likely they are to do nothing else.
		-- Carlyle


One fall day, two men were out in the woods hunting.  Feeling a sudden need
to relieve himself, George went over to a nearby clump of bushes, unzipped
his fly, and started in when a poisonous snake lunged out of the bushes and
bit him on his penis.  Hearing George's howl of pain and fright, his friend
Fred came running up and told him to lie still while he used the radio to
call a doctor.
	"There's only one way to save your friend's life," said the doctor
gravely.  "If you cut a shallow 'X' over the bite and then suck as much of
the poison out as you can, he'll probably be okay, but otherwise there's not
much hope."
	Hearing Fred's footsteps, George rose weakly up on one elbow and
cried out, "Fred, what'd he say?  What did the doctor say?"
	"George, old friend," said Fred sadly, "he said you're gonna die."


A computer, to print out a fact,
Will divide, multiply, and subtract.
	But this output can be
	No more than debris,
If the input was short of exact.
		-- Gigo


Just because everything is different doesn't mean anything has changed.
		-- Irene Peter


Aide to Raygun:  Sir, the poor are outside protesting your budget
		 cuts.
Raygun himself:  Tell them they'll have to help themselves.
Aide to Raygun:  Sir, the Pentagon wants another $30 billion.
Raygun himself:  Tell them to help themselves.


A little Mexican boy comes home from school one day and says to his grand-
father, "Granddaddy, today my teacher said that Pancho Villa, the bandit
used to raid towns around here!  Did you ever know him?"
	"Do *I* know Pancho Villa?" exclaims the man.  "Why, boy, before
your father was born, I was riding into town on my horse.  Suddenly, from
behind the bushes leaped Pancho with his six-guns drawn!  He told me to get
down off the horse and to give him all my money.  Then, he told me to scoop
some manure from the ground and eat it!"
	"I refused at first, but Pancho had the guns, so I ate the shit.
And he started laughing so hard that it scared his horse into rearing up --
I grabbed the guns from his hands!  I said to Pancho, `Okay, Pancho, now
it's your turn -- you eat the shit!'  I had the guns, so he ate the shit.
	"And you ask me, child, if I know Pancho Villa, the bandit!  Why,
we had *lunch* together!"


This is a country where people are free to practice their religion,
regardless of race, creed, color, obesity, or number of dangling keys...


Captain Hook died of jock itch.


Loan-department manager:  "There isn't any fine print.  At these
interest rates, we don't need it."


The eagle may soar, but the weasel never gets sucked into a jet engine.


Jesus Never Fails

(He's never taken the Massachusetts Bar Exam, either.)


Keep on keepin' on.


Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set:

BBW	Branch Both Ways
BEW	Branch Either Way
BBBF	Branch on Bit Bucket Full
BH	Branch and Hang
BMR	Branch Multiple Registers
BOB	Branch On Bug
BPO	Branch on Power Off
BST	Backspace and Stretch Tape
CDS	Condense and Destroy System
CLBR	Clobber Register
CLBRI	Clobber Register Immediately
CM	Circulate Memory
CMFRM	Come From -- essential for truly structured programming
CPPR	Crumple Printer Paper and Rip
CRN	Convert to Roman Numerals


A light wife doth make a heavy husband.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"


Heisenberg may have been here.


QOTD:
	"Well, let's say she's friendly.  Last year she was the Herpes
	Poster Girl."


I love you, not only for what you are,
but for what I am when I am with you.
		-- Roy Croft


The illegal we do immediately. The unconstitutional takes a bit
longer.
		-- Henry Kissinger


A man's house is his hassle.


Accident, n.:
	A condition in which presence of mind is good,
	but absence of body is better.
		-- Foolish Dictionary


Miss Mona:	You know what burns my ass?
Ed Earl:	What?
Miss Mona:	A flame about three feet high!
		-- Dolly Parton and Burt Reynolds,
		   "The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas"


	"Your son still sliding down the banisters?"
	"We wound barbed wire around them."
	"That stop him?"
	"No, but it sure slowed him up."


	At his sentencing, Herbie Sperling proved that he was the all-time
stand-up guy.
	Sperling's lawyer made a lengthy, impassioned plea for his client.
He talked of mercy, justice, humanity to fellow men who have chosen the wrong
path.  Yes, the crimes were serious, yes, Mr. Sperling deserves a prison
sentence, but the maximum sentence was not warranted.
	Then the judge turned to Sperling.  "Mr. Sperling, is there anything
you wish to say?"
	"Yes, Your Honor.  If you think I'm going to beg for mercy, you've
got another think coming.  You're all a bunch of fucking fascist cocksuckers,
you can all go to hell, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you..."
		-- Gregory Wallace, "Papa's Game"


Diogenes, having abandoned his search for
truth, is now searching for a good fantasy.


Conversation, n.:
	A vocal competition in which the one who is catching his breath
	is called the listener.


A huge Rambolike fellow walked into a tavern and took a seat in the middle of
the bar.  After downing a double in one gulp, he glared at the six men to his
right and said, "You're all no-good motherfuckers.  Anyone have a problem with
that?"
	When no one said a word, the brawny fellow ordered another whiskey,
downed it in one gulp, turned to the five men on his left and said, "You're
all cocksuckers.  Anyone have a problem with that?"
	Everybody on the left stared silently into his drink.  Suddenly, a man
on the right stood up and started walking toward the big guy.  "Hey, asshole!"
the thug bellowed.  "You got a problem with what I said?"
	"No problem at all," came the reply.  "I was just sitting at the wrong
end of the bar."


May your Tongue stick to the Roof of your
Mouth with the Force of a Thousand Caramels.


Bozo is the Brotherhood of Zips and Others.  Bozos are people who band
together for fun and profit.  They have no jobs.  Anybody who goes on a
tour is a Bozo. Why does a Bozo cross the street?  Because there's a Bozo
on the other side. It comes from the phrase vos otros, meaning others.
They're the huge, fat, middle waist.  The archetype is an Irish drunk
clown with red hair and nose, and pale skin.  Fields, William Bendix.
Everybody tends to drift toward Bozoness.  It has Oz in it.  They mean
well.  They're straight-looking except they've got inflatable shoes.  They
like their comforts.  The Bozos have learned to enjoy their free time,
which is all the time.
		-- The Firesign Theatre, "If Bees Lived Inside Your Head"


Some people say a front-engine car handles best.  Some people say a
rear-engine car handles best.  I say a rented car handles best.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


A soft answer turneth away wrath; but grievous words stir up anger.
		-- Proverbs 15:1


May you have many beautiful and obedient daughters.


The only thing better than love is milk.


Stay together, drag each other down.


What pains others pleasures me,
At home am I in Lisp or C;
There i couch in ecstasy,
'Til debugger's poke i flee,
Into kernel memory.
In system space, system space, there shall i fare--
Inside of a VAX on a silicon square.


Keep your Eye on the Ball,
Your Shoulder to the Wheel,
Your Nose to the Grindstone,
Your Feet on the Ground,
Your Head on your Shoulders.
Now... try to get something DONE!


What we see depends on mainly what we look for.
		-- John Lubbock


Love ain't nothin' but sex misspelled.


A man is crawling through the Sahara desert when he is approached by another
man riding on a camel.  When the rider gets close enough, the crawling man
whispers through his sun-parched lips, "Water... please... can you give...
water..."
	"I'm sorry," replies the man on the camel, "I don't have any water
with me.  But I'd be delighted to sell you a necktie."
	"Tie?" whispers the man.  "I need *water*."
	"They're only four dollars apiece."
	"I need *water*."
	"Okay, okay, say two for seven dollars."
	"Please!  I need *water*!", says the man.
	"I don't have any water, all I have are ties," replies the salesman,
and he heads off into the distance.
	The man, losing track of time, crawls for what seems like days.
Finally, nearly dead, sun-blind and with his skin peeling and blistering, he
sees a restaurant in the distance.  Summoning the last of his strength he
staggers up to the door and confronts the head waiter.
	"Water... can I get... water," the dying man manages to stammer.
	"I'm sorry, sir, ties required."


You can't have everything.  Where would you put it?
		-- Steven Wright


Q:	What do elephants use instead of tampons?
A:	Sheep.  Well, they used to, anyway.  There have been so many cases
	of Toxic Flock Syndrome recently that their ewes has been discouraged.

Q:	Why do elephants have trunks?
A:	Sheep don't have strings.


We secure our friends not by accepting favors but by doing them.
		-- Thucydides


When you are working hard, get up and retch every so often.


Someday we'll look back on this moment and plow into a parked car.
		-- Evan Davis


You can't depend on the man who made the mess to clean it up.
		-- Richard M. Nixon (1952)


A gleekzorp without a tornpee is like
a quop without a fertsneet (sort of).


Life is a serious burden, which no thinking,
humane person would wantonly inflict on someone else.
		-- Clarence Darrow


I never did it that way before.


Q:	What do a blonde and your computer have in common?
A:	You don't know how much either of them mean to you until
	they go down on you.

Q:	What's the advantage to being married to a blonde?
A:	You can park in the handicapped zone.

Q:	Why did the blonde get so excited after she finished her jigsaw
	puzzle in only 6 months?
A:	Because on the box it said "From 2-4 years".


Fortune and love befriend the bold.
		-- Ovid


The best audience is intelligent, well-educated and a little drunk.
		-- Maurice Baring


Felix Catus is your taxonomic nomenclature,
An endothermic quadruped, carnivorous by nature.
Your visual, olfactory, and auditory senses
Contribute to your hunting skills and natural defenses.
I find myself intrigued by your sub-vocal oscillations,
A singular development of cat communications
That obviates your basic hedonistic predilection
For a rhythmic stroking of your fur to demonstrate affection.
A tail is quite essential for your acrobatic talents:
You would not be so agile if you lacked its counterbalance;
And when not being utilized to aid in locomotion,
It often serves to illustrate the state of your emotion.
Oh Spot, the complex levels of behavior you display
Connote a fairly well-developed cognitive array.
And though you are not sentient, Spot, and do not comprehend,
I nonetheless consider you a true and valued friend.
		-- Lt. Cmdr. Data, "An Ode to Spot"


The concept seems to be clear by now.  It has been
defined several times by examples of what it is not.


Television is a medium because anything well done is rare.
		-- attributed to both Fred Allen and Ernie Kovacs


I don't understand you anymore.


You know it's going to be a bad day when you want to put on the clothes
you wore home from the party and there aren't any.


If I had a penis I'd wear it outside,
In cafes and car lots, with pomp and with pride.
If I had a penis I'd pamper it proper
I'd stay in the tub and use me as the stopper.
If I had a penis I'd take it to parties
Stretch it and stroke it and shove it at smarties.
I'd take it to pet shows and teach it to stay.
I'd stuff it in turkeys on Thanksgiving Day.

I'd rival my buddies in sportscars and stick shifts.
I'd shower my spire with girlies and gifts.
I'd peek around corners; I'd aim at my toilet;
I'd poke it at foreigners and soap it and oil it.
If I had a penis I'd run to my mother;
Comb out the hair and compare it to brother.
I'd lance her, I'd knight her, my hands would indulge...
Pants would seem tighter and buckle and bulge.
[Chorus]
	A penis to plunder, a penis to push
	'Cause one in the hand is worth one in the bush.
	A penis to love me, a penis to share,
	To pick up and play with when nobody's there.
		-- Uncle Bonsai, "Penis Envy"


Hear about...
	the compulsive gambler who drove to Las Vegas, pulled up to
	a parking meter, put a dime in -- and lost his car?


	During a session with a marriage counselor, the wife snapped at her
husband: "That's not true, I do enjoy sex!"  Then, turning to the counselor,
she added: "But this fiend expects it three or four times a year!"


Elliptic paraboloids for sale.


Leave no stone unturned.
		-- Euripides


You will be reincarnated as a toad; and you will be much happier.


Don't know what time I'll be back, Mom.
Probably soon after she throws me out.


Bugs, pl. n.:
	Small living things that small living boys throw on small
	living girls.


A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
		-- Gloria Steinem


... Another writer again agreed with all my generalities, but said that as an
inveterate skeptic I have closed my mind to the truth.  Most notably I have
ignored the evidence for an Earth that is six thousand years old.  Well, I
haven't ignored it; I considered the purported evidence and *then* rejected
it.  There is a difference, and this is a difference, we might say, between
prejudice and postjudice.  Prejudice is making a judgment before you have
looked at the facts.  Postjudice is making a judgment afterwards.  Prejudice
is terrible, in the sense that you commit injustices and you make serious
mistakes.  Postjudice is not terrible.  You can't be perfect of course; you
may make mistakes also.  But it is permissible to make a judgment after you
have examined the evidence.  In some circles it is even encouraged.
		-- Carl Sagan, "The Burden of Skepticism"


A successful [software] tool is one that was used to do something
undreamed of by its author.
		-- S. C. Johnson


All science is either physics or stamp collecting.
		-- Ernest Rutherford


When a person goes on a diet, the first thing he loses is his temper.


All most men really want in life is a wife, a house, two kids and a car,
a cat, no maybe a dog.  Ummm, scratch one of the kids and add a dog.
Definitely a dog.


	"They spend years searching for their natural parents, convinced their
parents will be happy to see them.  I mean, really, can you imagine someone
being happy to see an orphan?  Nobody wants them... that's why they're orphans!"
	The speaker is Anne Baker, founder and guiding force behind
Orphan-Off, an organization dedicated to keeping orphans confused about the
whereabouts of their natural parents.  She is a woman with a mission:
	"Basically, what we do is band together to exchange information
about which orphans are looking for which parents in what part of the
country.  We're completely computerized.
	"The idea is to throw the orphans as many red herrings and false
leads as possible.  We'll tell some twenty-three-year-old loser that his
real parents can be found at a certain address on the other side of the
country.  Well, by the time the kid shows up, the family is prepared.  They
look over the kid's photos and information and they say, 'Oh, the Emersons...
yeah, they used to live here... I think they moved out about five years ago.
I think they went to Iowa, or maybe Idaho.'
	"Bam, the door shuts in the kid's face and he's back to zero again.
He's got nothing to go on but the orphan's pathetic determination to continue.
	"It's really amazing how much these kids will put up with.  Last year
we even sent one kid all the way to Australia.  I mean, really.  Besides, if
your natural parents were Australian, would you want to meet them?"
		-- "National Lampoon", September, 1984


The `loner' may be respected, but he is always resented by his colleagues,
for he seems to be passing a critical judgment on them, when he may be
simply making a limiting statement about himself.
		-- Sidney Harris


I could dance till the cows come home.  On second thought, I'd rather
dance with the cows till you come home.
		-- Groucho Marx


Many people are secretly interested in life.


Phone call for chucky-pooh.


A master was asked the question, "What is the Way?" by a curious monk.
	"It is right before your eyes," said the master.
	"Why do I not see it for myself?"
	"Because you are thinking of yourself."
	"What about you: do you see it?"
	"So long as you see double, saying `I don't', and `you do', and so
on, your eyes are clouded," said the master.
	"When there is neither `I' nor `You', can one see it?"
	"When there is neither `I' nor `You',
who is the one that wants to see it?"


There's such a thing as too much point on a pencil.
		-- H. Allen Smith, "Let the Crabgrass Grow"


[Crash programs] fail because they are based on the theory that,
with nine women pregnant, you can get a baby a month.
		-- Wernher von Braun


When does summertime come to Minnesota, you ask?
Well, last year, I think it was a Tuesday.


Oh Lord, won't you buy me a 4BSD?
My friends all got sources, so why can't I see?
Come all you moby hackers, come sing it out with me:
To hell with the lawyers from AT&T!


They are ill discoverers that think there is no land,
when they can see nothing but sea.
		-- Francis Bacon


Many of the characters are fools and they are always playing
tricks on me and treating me badly.
		-- Jorge Luis Borges, from "Writers on Writing" by Jon Winokur


Nonsense.  Space is blue and birds fly through it.
		-- Heisenberg


If you could get an erection, you would have no need for Emacs.


Natives who beat drums to drive off evil spirits are objects of
scorn to smart Americans who blow horns to break up traffic jams.
		-- Mary Ellen Kelly


Beauty seldom recommends one woman to another.


I have to think hard to name an interesting man who does not drink.
		-- Richard Burton


All the big corporations depreciate their possessions, and you can,
too, provided you use them for business purposes.  For example, if you
subscribe to the Wall Street Journal, a business-related newspaper, you
can deduct the cost of your house, because, in the words of U.S.
Supreme Court Chief Justice Warren Burger in a landmark 1979 tax
decision: "Where else are you going to read the paper?  Outside?  What
if it rains?"
		-- Dave Barry, "Sweating Out Taxes"


The attacker must vanquish; the defender need only survive.


Aliquid melius quam pessimum optimum non est.


All programmers are playwrights and all computers are lousy actors.


We warn the reader in advance that the proof presented here
depends on a clever but highly unmotivated trick.
		-- Howard Anton, "Elementary Linear Algebra"


Aim for the moon.  If you miss, you may hit a star.
		-- W. Clement Stone


Let us not look back in anger or forward
in fear, but around us in awareness.
		-- James Thurber


