I'm not tense, just terribly, terribly alert!


The Least Successful Defrosting Device
	The all-time record here is held by Mr. Peter Rowlands of Lancaster
whose lips became frozen to his lock in 1979 while blowing warm air on it.
	"I got down on my knees to breathe into the lock.  Somehow my lips
got stuck fast."
	While he was in the posture, an old lady passed an inquired if he
was all right.  "Alra?  Igmmlptk", he replied at which point she ran away.
	"I tried to tell her what had happened, but it came out sort of...
muffled," explained Mr. Rowlands, a pottery designer.
	He was trapped for twenty minutes ("I felt a bit foolish") until
constant hot breathing brought freedom.  He was subsequently nicknamed "Hot
Lips".
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


I'd like to start a new religion.  One that doesn't use a dead young
man as its logo.
		-- Bill Cain, "Stand Up Tragedy"


Two golfers were being held up as the twosome of women in front of them
whiffed shots, hunted for lost balls and stood over putts for what seemed
like hours.
	"I'll ask if we can play through," Bill said as he strode toward
the women.  Twenty yards from the green, however, he turned on his heel
and went back to where his companion was waiting.
	"Can't do it," he explained, sheepishly.  "One of them's my wife
and the other's my mistress!"
	"I'll ask," said Jim.  He started off, only to turn and come back
before reaching the green.
	"What's wrong?" Bill asked.
	"Small world, isn't it?"


It is a lesson which all history teaches
wise men, to put trust in ideas, and not in circumstances.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Rogue players do it with all sorts of different animals.


Violence is molding.


Today is the first day of the rest of the mess.


I have already given two cousins to the war and I stand ready to
sacrifice my wife's brother.
		-- Artemus Ward


Publishing a volume of verse is like dropping
a rose petal down the Grand Canyon and waiting for the echo.


Every time I look at you I am more convinced of Darwin's theory.


Mr. Rockford?  You don't know me, but I'd like to hire you.  Could
you call me at...  My name is... uh...  Never mind, forget it!


Shit happens.


	"I believe you have the wrong number," said the old gentleman into
the phone.  "You'll have to call the weather bureau for that information."
	"Who was that?" his young wife asked.
	"Some guy wanting to know if the coast was clear."


You will feel hungry again in another hour.


LOVE:
	When you like to think of someone on days that begin with a morning.


Give a woman an inch and she'll park a car in it.


If Beethoven's Seventh Symphony is not by
some means abridged, it will soon fall into disuse.
		-- Philip Hale, Boston music critic, 1837


Phone call for chucky-pooh.


OPTIMIST:
	A man who makes a motel reservation before a blind date.


Patience is the best remedy for every trouble.
		-- Titus Maccius Plautus


Did you hear about...
	the plastic surgeon who hung himself?


Forgive and forget.
		-- Cervantes


Hear about...
	the tight end who got two years for possession and came out a
	wide receiver?


Once upon a time, when I was training to be a mathematician, a group of
us bright young students taking number theory discovered the names of the
smaller prime numbers.

2:  The Odd Prime --
	It's the only even prime, therefore is odd.  QED.
3:  The True Prime --
	Lewis Carroll: "If I tell you 3 times, it's true."
31: The Arbitrary Prime --
	Determined by unanimous unvote.  We needed an arbitrary prime in
	case the prof asked for one, and so had an election.  91 received
	the most votes (well, it *looks* prime) and 3+4i the next most.
	However, 31 was the only candidate to receive none at all.
41: The Female Prime --
	The polynomial X**2 - X + 41 is
	prime for integer values from 1 to 40.
43: The Male Prime - they form a prime pair.

Since the composite numbers are formed from primes, their qualities
are derived from those primes.  So, for instance, the number 6 is "odd
but true", while the powers of 2 are all extremely odd numbers.


Acid absorbs 47 times its own weight in excess Reality.


'Martyrdom' is the only way a person can become famous without ability.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


The office brown-noser named Bunky
Would claim he was nobody's flunky.
	But when the chips were all down,
	His proboscis was brown,
And there hung many strands which were gunky.


Regnant populi.


	"The best thing for being sad," replied Merlin, beginning to puff
and blow, "is to learn something.  That's the only thing that never fails.
You may grow old and trembling in your anatomies, you may lie awake at
night listening to the disorder of your veins, you may miss your only love,
you may see the world about you devastated by evil lunatics, or know your
honour trampled in the sewers of baser minds. There is only one thing for
it then -- to learn.  Learn why the world wags and what wags it.  That is
the only thing which the mind can never exhaust, never alienate, never be
tortured by, never fear or distrust, and never dream of regretting.  Learning
is the only thing for you.  Look what a lot of things there are to learn."
		-- T. H. White, "The Once and Future King"


This sentence does in fact not have the property it claims not to have.


SMOKING IS NOW ALLOWED !!!
	Anyone wishing to smoke, however, must file, in triplicate, the
	U.S. government Environmental Impact Narrative Statement (EINS),
	describing in detail the type of combustion proposed, impact on
	the environment, and anticipated opposition.  Statements must be
	filed 30 days in advance.


Your lover will never wish to leave you.


Actor			Real Name

Boris Karloff		William Henry Pratt
Cary Grant		Archibald Leach
Edward G. Robinson	Emmanual Goldenburg
Gene Wilder		Gerald Silberman
John Wayne		Marion Morrison
Kirk Douglas		Issur Danielovitch
Richard Burton		Richard Jenkins, Jr.
Roy Rogers		Leonard Slye
Woody Allen		Allen Stewart Konigsberg


Writers do it between periods.


People are unconditionally guaranteed to be full of defects.


When I was a young man, I vowed never to marry until I found the ideal
woman.  Well, I found her -- but alas, she was waiting for the ideal man.
		-- Robert Schuman


If a thing's worth having, it's worth cheating for.
		-- W. C. Fields


A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Portrait of Mr. W. H."


Write a wise saying and your name will live forever.
		-- Anonymous


A university is what a college becomes
when the faculty loses interest in students.
		-- John Ciardi


"God gives burdens; also shoulders."

Jimmy Carter cited this Jewish saying in his concession speech at the
end of the 1980 election.  At least he said it was a Jewish saying; I
can't find it anywhere.  I'm sure he's telling the truth though; why
would he lie about a thing like that?
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


Houston, Tranquillity Base here.  The Eagle has landed.
		-- Neil Armstrong


Why do they call it baby-SITTING when all you do is run after them?


I never met a piece of chocolate I didn't like.


The worst is enemy of the bad.


Diogenes went to look for an honest lawyer. "How's it going?", someone
asked him, after a few days.
	"Not too bad", replied Diogenes. "I still have my lantern."


Labia majora, n.:
	The curly gates.


To Theodore Roosevelt:
	You are like the Wind and I like the Lion.  You form the Tempest.
The sand stings my eyes and the Ground is parched.  I roar in defiance but
you do not hear.  But between us there is a difference.  I, like the lion,
must remain in my place.  While you, like the wind, will never know yours.
		Mulay Hamid El Raisuli
		Lord of the Riff
		Sultan to the Berbers
		Last of the Barbary Pirates


Advertising is the most fun of anything you can do with your clothes on.
		-- Mary Wells, advertising executive


The universe is laughing behind your back.


An American tourist is visiting Russia, and he's talking with a Russian
about the fact that not many people in Russia own cars.

American:	"I can't believe you don't have cars here!  How do you
		get to work?"
Russian:	"We take the bus, or the subway.  We have public
		transportation everywhere."
A:		"Well, how do you go on vacations?"
R:		"We take the train."
A:		"Well, what if you want to go abroad?"
R:		"We don't ever want go abroad."
A:		"Well, what if you really HAVE to go abroad?"
R:		"We take tanks."


Goose pimples rose all over me, my hair stood on end, my eyes filled with
tears of love and gratitude for this greatest of all conquerors of human
misery and shame, and my breath came in little gasps.  If I had not known
that the Leader would have scorned such adulation, I might have fallen to
my knees in unashamed worship, but instead I drew myself to attention, raised
my arm in the eternal salute of the ancient Roman Legions and repeated the
holy words, "Heil Hitler!"
		-- George Lincoln Rockwell


Help a swallow land at Capistrano.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #8

THE SMURFS AND THE CUISINART (1986)
	The lovable little blue Smurfs encounter a lovable little kitchen
	appliance, which invites them to play.  The Smurfs learn a valuable
	(if sometimes fatal) lesson.

THE SMURFS AND THE CARBON-DIOXIDE INDUSTRIAL LASER (1987)
	The inevitable sequel.  The lovable and somewhat mangled surviving
	Smurfs team up with the Care Bears to encounter a cute, lovable piece
	of high-tech welding equipment, which teaches them the magic of
	becoming rather greasy smoke.  Heartwarming fun for the entire family.


How come wrong numbers are never busy?


Dear Ann Landers:
	I have a problem.  I have two brothers; one works for the Illinois
Bell Telephone Company, the other brother was just sentenced to death
in the electric chair for murder.  My mother died from insanity when
I was three years old.  My two sisters are prostitutes and my father
sells narcotics.
	I recently met girl who was just released from a reformatory where
she served time for smothering her illegitimate child to death.  I love
this girl and want to marry her.  My problem is this -- dare I tell her
about my brother who works for Illinois Bell?
		-- Confused


===  ALL CSH USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

Set the variable $LOSERS to all the people that you think are losers.  This
will cause all said losers to have the variable $PEOPLE-WHO-THINK-I-AM-A-LOSER
updated in their .login file.  Should you attempt to execute a job on a
machine with poor response time and a machine on your local net is currently
populated by losers, that machine will be freed up for your job through a
cold boot process.


As a professional humorist, I often get letters from readers who are
interested in the basic nature of humor.  "What kind of a sick
perverted disgusting person are you," these letters typically ask,
"that you make jokes about setting fire to a goat?" ...
		-- Dave Barry, "Why Humor is Funny"


I wish there was a knob on the TV where you could turn up the
intelligence.  They've got one called brightness, but it doesn't
seem to work.
		-- Gallagher


	The famous Nell Gwynn, stepping one day from a house where she had
made a short visit into her coach, saw a great crowd assembled, and her
footman all bloody and dirty; the fellow being asked by his mistress, the
reason for his being in that condition, answered, "I have been fighting,
madam, with an impudent rascal who called your ladyship a whore."
	"You blockhead," replied Mrs. Gwynn, "at this rate you must fight
every day of your life; why, you fool, all the world knows it."
	"Do they?" cries the fellow, in a muttering voice, after he had shut
the coach door, "they shan't call me a whore's footman for all that."
		-- Henry Fielding, "Tom Jones"


The man she had was kind and clean
And well enough for every day,
But oh, dear friends, you should have seen
The one that got away.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "The Fisherwoman"


Critic, n.:
	A person who boasts himself hard to please because nobody tries
	to please him.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The more laws and order are made prominent,
the more thieves and robbers there will be.
		-- Lao Tsu


	COONDOG MEMORY
	(heard in Rutledge, Missouri, about eighteen years ago)

Now, this dog is for sale, and she can not only follow a trail twice as
old as the average dog can, but she's got a pretty good memory to boot.
For instance, last week this old boy who lives down the road from me, and
is forever stinkmouthing my hounds, brought some city fellow around to
try out ol' Sis here.  So I turned her out south of the house and she made
two or three big swings back and forth across the edge of the woods, set
back her head, bayed a couple of times, cut straight through the woods,
come to a little clearing, jumped about three foot straight up in the air,
run to the other side, and commenced to letting out a racket like she had
something treed.  We went over there with our flashlights and shone them
up in the tree but couldn't catch no shine offa coon's eyes, and my
neighbor sorta indicated that ol' Sis might be a little crazy, `cause she
stood right to the tree and kept singing up into it.  So I pulled off my
coat and climbed up into the branches, and sure enough, there was a coon
skeleton wedged in between a couple of branches about twenty foot up.
Now as I was saying, she can follow a pretty old trail, but this fellow
was still calling her crazy or touched `cause she had hopped up in the
air while she was crossing the clearing, until I reminded him that the
Hawkins' had a fence across there about five years back.  Now, this dog
is for sale.
		-- News that stayed News: Ten Years of Coevolution Quarterly


A bit of talcum
Is always walcum
		-- Ogden Nash


There's only one way to have a happy marriage
and as soon as I learn what it is I'll get married again.
		-- Clint Eastwood


Who can take the demands of the SDS seriously?
		-- Nathan Pusey


Hackers do it with fewer instructions.


They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary
safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.
		-- Benjamin Franklin, 1759


Four hours to bury the cat?
Yes, damn thing wouldn't keep still, kept mucking about, 'owling...


Paprika Measure:

	2 dashes    ==  1 smidgen
	2 smidgens  ==  1 pinch
	3 pinches   ==  1 soupcon
	2 soupcons  ==  too much paprika


There isn't room enough in this dress for both of us!


Sam Lefkovitz is having an intimate party to celebrate his thirty
immensely profitable years in the construction business.
	"You know," he laments to his friends, "over the years I have
constructed dozens of enormous projects in and around this city, but
am I known as Sam the Builder?  No.
	And over the years I have contributed literally millions of
dollars to charitable causes of one sort or another, but am I called
Sam the Philanthropist?  No sir!
	But suck one little cock..."


The only certainty is that nothing is certain.
		-- Pliny the Elder


Passion is that funny feeling that drives a man to
bite a woman's neck because she has beautiful legs.


There is no proverb that is not true.
		-- Cervantes


All heiresses are beautiful.
		-- John Dryden


	If you're like most homeowners, you're afraid that many repairs
around your home are too difficult to tackle.  So, when your furnace
explodes, you call in a so-called professional to fix it.  The
"professional" arrives in a truck with lettering on the sides and
deposits a large quantity of tools and two assistants who spend the
better part of the week in your basement whacking objects at random
with heavy wrenches, after which the "professional" returns and gives
you a bill for slightly more money than it would cost you to run a
successful campaign for the U.S. Senate.
	And that's why you've decided to start doing things yourself.
You figure, "If those guys can fix my furnace, then so can I.  How
difficult can it be?"
	Very difficult.  In fact, most home projects are impossible,
which is why you should do them yourself.  There is no point in paying
other people to screw things up when you can easily screw them up
yourself for far less money.  This article can help you.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


I often quote myself; it adds spice to my conversation.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


I collect rare photographs...  I have two...  One of Houdini locking his
keys in his car...  the other is a rare picture of Norman Rockwell beating
up a child.
		-- Steven Wright


Life is a sexually transferred disease with 100% mortality.


Coding is easy;  All you do is sit staring at a
terminal until the drops of blood form on your forehead.


Give me a Plumber's friend the size of the Pittsburgh
dome, and a place to stand, and I will drain the world.


You have acquired a scroll entitled 'irk gleknow mizk'(n).--More--

This is an IBM Manual scroll.--More--

You are permanently confused.
		-- Dave Decot


Soap and education are not as sudden as a
massacre, but they are more deadly in the long run.
		-- Mark Twain


Question: Is it better to abide by the rules until
they're changed or help speed the change by breaking them?


The happiest time in any man's life is just after the first divorce.
		-- J. K. Galbraith


The warning message we sent the Russians was a
calculated ambiguity that would be clearly understood.
		-- Alexander Haig


You will soon meet a person who will play an important role in your life.


The more you complain, the longer God lets you live.


A young man enters the New York branch of Tiffany's on a Friday evening and
walks up to a display case full of pearl necklaces.  He turns to a gorgeous
woman, who is obviously window shopping, looks her straight in the eye and
says, "I can tell by your eyes that you really want that necklace.  If you'll
allow me, I'd like to buy it for you."
	The woman looks him up and down; he's wearing a nice suit and some
pretty nice jewelry, but she has trouble believing this story.
	"Look, this is some kind of put on, right?"
	"No, really.  You see, I've got quite a lot of money -- so much that
I could never spend it all.  I'd really like for you to have it."
	The guys whips out his checkbook, writes a check for five figures,
calls over a clerk and hands it to him.  The clerk peers at the check, looks
at the young man, looks at the check again.  "Very good, sir.  I'm afraid I
can't release the necklace immediately, would Monday be all right?"
	"That'll be fine, she'll pick it up." the man replies, and walks out
of the store with the woman following him in a daze.
	The next Monday the man comes back in and walks up to the counter.
The same clerk hurries over to him and says, "Sir, I'm sorry to have to tell
you this, but your check was returned for insufficient funds."
	"I know," the man replies.  "I just wanted to thank you for a
terrific weekend."


A truly wise woman never plays leapfrog with a unicorn.


Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced -- even a
proverb is no proverb to you till your life has illustrated it.
		-- John Keats


They are called computers simply because computation is
the only significant job that has so far been given to them.


Many a family tree needs trimming.


	The man standing at the bar (in court, unfortunately) was well-
dressed, alert and obviously intelligent.  The judge asked him how he
pleaded to the charge of rape and, much to the magistrate's surprise, he
replied, "Not guilty by reason of insanity, your Honor."
	"Insanity?" exclaimed the judge.
	"Yes, sir," said the defendant.  "I'm just crazy about it."


Hypocrite, n.:
	A man who says he likes cats, but won't eat pussy.


If you don't do it, you'll never know what
would have happened if you had done it.


Ogden's Law:
	The sooner you fall behind, the more time you have to catch up.


"My country, right or wrong," is a thing that no patriot would
think of saying except in a desperate case.  It is like saying,
"My mother, drunk or sober."
		-- G. K. Chesterton


I'm going through my "I want to go back to New York" phase today.  Happens
every six months or so.  So, I thought, perhaps unwisely, that I'd share
it with you.

> In New York in the winter it is million degrees below zero and
  the wind travels at a million miles an hour down 5th avenue.
> And in LA it's 72.

> In New York in the summer it is a million degrees and the humidity
  is a million percent.
> And in LA it's 72.

> In New York there are a million interesting people.
> And in LA there are 72.


It is annoying to be honest to no purpose.
		-- Publius Ovidius Naso (Ovid)


I have great faith in fools -- self confidence my friends call it.
		-- Edgar Allan Poe


