Hanging on in quiet desperation is the English way.
		-- Pink Floyd


I can't decide whether to commit suicide or go bowling.
		-- Florence Henderson


If men are not afraid to die,
it is of no avail to threaten them with death.

If men live in constant fear of dying,
And if breaking the law means a man will be killed,
Who will dare to break the law?

There is always an official executioner.
If you try to take his place,
It is like trying to be a master carpenter and cutting wood.
If you try to cut wood like a master carpenter,
	you will only hurt your hand.
		-- Tao Te Ching, "Lao Tsu, #74"


Think sideways!
		-- Ed De Bono


Age is a tyrant who forbids,
at the penalty of life, all the pleasures of youth.


Advertisements contain the only
truths to be relied on in a newspaper.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


The older a man gets, the farther he had to walk to school as a boy.


Psychoanalysis is that mental illness for which it regards itself
a therapy.
		-- Karl Kraus

Psychiatry is the care of the id by the odd.

Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you.
		-- Carl G. Jung


If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would
be a merrier world.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


Some people have parts that are so private
they themselves have no knowledge of them.


I collect rare photographs...  I have two...  One of Houdini locking his
keys in his car...  the other is a rare picture of Norman Rockwell beating
up a child.
		-- Steven Wright


You can now buy more gates with less
specifications than at any other time in history.
		-- Kenneth Parker


Hear about...
	the fellow who was descended from a long line his mother heard?


I'm willing to sacrifice anything for this cause, even other people's
lives.


The only alliance I would make with the Women's Liberation Movement is in bed.
		-- Abbey Hoffman


Well, you got your mules and you got your racehorses, and you can kick
a mule in the ass all you want, and he's still not gonna be a racehorse.
		-- Billy Martin, "Esquire", May, 1984


A little kid went up to Santa and asked him, "Santa, you know when I'm bad
right?"  And Santa says, "Yes, I do."  The little kid then asks, "And you
know when I'm sleeping?"  To which Santa replies, "Every minute."  So the
little kid then says, "Well, if you know when I'm bad and when I'm good,
then how come you don't know what I want for Christmas?"


When we are planning for posterity,
we ought to remember that virtue is not hereditary.
		-- Thomas Paine


Success is a journey, not a destination.


Space is to place as eternity is to time.
		-- Joseph Joubert


What good is an obscenity trial except to popularize literature?
		-- Nero Wolfe, "The League of Frightened Men"


The pleasure is momentary,
The position ridiculous,
The expense damnable.
		-- Chesterfield, on sex


Last yeer I kudn't spel Engineer.  Now I are won.


You can learn many things from children.  How much patience you have,
for instance.
		-- Franklin P. Jones


You never get a second chance to make a first impression.


If we do not change our direction we are
likely to end up where we are headed.


Women Unite!  Make *_h_i_m* sleep in the wet spot tonight!


Suppose for a moment that the automobile industry had developed at the same
rate as computers and over the same period:  how much cheaper and more
efficient would the current models be?  If you have not already heard the
analogy, the answer is shattering.  Today you would be able to buy a
Rolls-Royce for $2.75, it would do three million miles to the gallon, and
it would deliver enough power to drive the Queen Elizabeth II.  And if you
were interested in miniaturization, you could place half a dozen of them on
a pinhead.
		-- Christopher Evans


	 A Plan for the Improvement of English Spelling
			  by Mark Twain

	For example, in Year 1 that useless letter "c" would be dropped
to be replased either by "k" or "s", and likewise "x" would no longer
be part of the alphabet.  The only kase in which "c" would be retained
would be the "ch" formation, which will be dealt with later.  Year 2
might reform "w" spelling, so that "which" and "one" would take the
same konsonant, wile Year 3 might well abolish "y" replasing it with
"i" and Iear 4 might fiks the "g/j" anomali wonse and for all.
	Jenerally, then, the improvement would kontinue iear bai iear
with Iear 5 doing awai with useless double konsonants, and Iears 6-12
or so modifaiing vowlz and the rimeining voist and unvoist konsonants.
Bai Iear 15 or sou, it wud fainali bi posibl tu meik ius ov thi
ridandant letez "c", "y" and "x" -- bai now jast a memori in the maindz
ov ould doderez -- tu riplais "ch", "sh", and "th" rispektivli.
	Fainali, xen, aafte sam 20 iers ov orxogrefkl riform, wi wud
hev a lojikl, kohirnt speling in ius xrewawt xe Ingliy-spiking werld.


Rule of the Great:
	When people you greatly admire appear to be thinking deep
	thoughts, they probably are thinking about lunch.


Fanaticism consists of redoubling your effort when you have
forgotten your aim.
		-- George Santayana


To a Californian, all New Yorkers are cold; even in heat they rarely go
above fifty-eight degrees.  If you collapse on a street in New York, plan
to spend a few days there.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


I hate small towns because once you've seen the cannon in the park
there's nothing else to do.
		-- Lenny Bruce


There are revolutions that are sweeping the world and we in America
have been in a position of trying to stop them.  With all the wealth of
America, with all of the military strength of America, those
revolutions are revolutions against a form of political and economic
organization in the countries of Asia and the Middle East that are
oppressive.  They are revolutions against feudalism.  [1952]
		-- Supreme Court Justice William O. Douglas


I think a relationship is like a shark.  It has to constantly move forward
or it dies.  Well, what we have on our hands here is a dead shark.
		-- Woody Allen


Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.
		-- Thomas Szasz


TCP/IP Slang Glossary, #1:

Gong, n: Medieval term for privvy, or what passed for them in that era.
Today used whimsically to describe the aftermath of a bogon attack. Think
of our community as the Galapagos of the English language.

Vogons may read you bad poetry, but bogons make you study obsolete RFCs.
		-- Dave Mills


Christ died for our sins, so let's not disappoint Him.


The very first essential for success is a perpetually
constant and regular employment of violence.
		-- Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf"


Never look a gift horse in the mouth.
		-- Saint Jerome


The mosquito exists to keep the mighty humble.


XIIdigitation, n.:
	The practice of trying to determine the year a movie was made
	by deciphering the Roman numerals at the end of the credits.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Were it not for imagination, sir, a man would be as happy in the arms
of a chambermaid as a duchess.
		-- Dr. Johnson


A Puritan is someone who is deathly afraid that someone, somewhere, is
having fun.


I'd rather push my Harley than ride a rice burner.


Psychology.  Mind over matter.
Mind under matter?  It doesn't matter.
Never mind.


Marriage is a three ring circus:
engagement ring, wedding ring, and suffering.
		-- Roger Price


... Another writer again agreed with all my generalities, but said that as an
inveterate skeptic I have closed my mind to the truth.  Most notably I have
ignored the evidence for an Earth that is six thousand years old.  Well, I
haven't ignored it; I considered the purported evidence and *then* rejected
it.  There is a difference, and this is a difference, we might say, between
prejudice and postjudice.  Prejudice is making a judgment before you have
looked at the facts.  Postjudice is making a judgment afterwards.  Prejudice
is terrible, in the sense that you commit injustices and you make serious
mistakes.  Postjudice is not terrible.  You can't be perfect of course; you
may make mistakes also.  But it is permissible to make a judgment after you
have examined the evidence.  In some circles it is even encouraged.
		-- Carl Sagan, "The Burden of Skepticism"


Q:	Why is it that the more accuracy you demand from an interpolation
	function, the more expensive it becomes to compute?
A:	That's the Law of Spline Demand.


It's amazing how many people you could be friends
with if only they'd make the first approach.


Mohandas K. Gandhi often changed his mind publicly.  An aide once asked him
how he could so freely contradict this week what he had said just last week.
The great man replied that it was because this week he knew better.


Drink and dance and laugh and lie
Love, the reeling midnight through
For tomorrow we shall die!
(But, alas, we never do.)
		-- Dorothy Parker, "The Flaw in Paganism"


Many companies that have made themselves dependent on [the equipment of a
certain major manufacturer] (and in doing so have sold their soul to the
devil) will collapse under the sheer weight of the unmastered complexity of
their data processing systems.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


I could never learn to like her --
except on a raft at sea with no other provisions in sight.
		-- Mark Twain


Women's virtue is man's greatest invention.
		-- Cornelia Otis Skinner


I can write better than anybody who can write faster,
and I can write faster than anybody who can write better.
		-- A. J. Liebling


Have you reconsidered a computer career?


Time is an illusion perpetrated by the manufacturers of space.


If you would understand your own age, read the works
of fiction produced in it.  People in disguise speak freely.


If you steal from one author it's plagiarism; if you steal from
many it's research.
		-- Wilson Mizner


For thee the wonder-working earth puts forth sweet flowers.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


It's hard to keep a good girl down -- but lots of fun trying.


Prisons are built with stones of Law, brothels with bricks of Religion.
		-- Blake


Mathematics, rightly viewed, possesses not only truth but supreme beauty --
a beauty cold and austere, like that of a sculpture, without appeal to any
part of our weaker nature, without the gorgeous trapping of painting or music,
yet sublimely pure, and capable of a stern perfection such as only the
greatest art can show.  The true spirit of delight, the exaltation, the sense
of being more than man, which is the touchstone of the highest excellence, is
to be found in mathematics as surely as in poetry.
		-- Bertrand Russell


MOUNT TAPE U1439 ON B3, NO RING


HOST SYSTEM NOT RESPONDING, PROBABLY DOWN. DO YOU WANT TO WAIT? (Y/N)


Hell, n.:
	Truth seen too late.


Hear about...
	the frustrated musician who worked all week on an arrangement and
	then his wife didn't leave town?


History has much to say on following the proper procedures.  From a history
of the Mexican revolution:

	"Hildago was later defeated at Guadalajara.  The rebel army was
captured on its way through the mountains.  All were courtmartialed and
shot, except Hildago, because he was a priest.  He was handed over to
the bishop of Durango who excommunicated him and returned him to the
army where he was then executed."


It took a while to surface, but it appears that a long-distance credit card
may have saved a U.S. Army unit from heavy casualties during the Grenada
military rescue/invasion. Major General David Nichols, Air Force ... said
the Army unit was in a house surrounded by Cuban forces.  One soldier found
a telephone and, using his credit card, called Ft. Bragg, N.C., telling Army
officers there of the perilous situation. The officers in turn called the
Air Force, which sent in gunships to scatter the Cubans and relieve the unit.
		-- Aviation Week and Space Technology


All the passions make us commit faults; love makes us commit the most
ridiculous ones.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


To iterate is human, to recurse, divine.
		-- Robert Heller


   n = (n & 0x55555555) + ((n & 0xaaaaaaaa) >> 1);
   n = (n & 0x33333333) + ((n & 0xcccccccc) >> 2);
   n = (n & 0x0f0f0f0f) + ((n & 0xf0f0f0f0) >> 4);
   n = (n & 0x00ff00ff) + ((n & 0xff00ff00) >> 8);
   n = (n & 0x0000ffff) + ((n & 0xffff0000) >> 16);

		-- C code which counts the bits in a word


Happiness, n.:
	An agreeable sensation arising from contemplating the misery of
	another.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Reagan can't _a_c_t, either.


Billy:	Mom, you know that vase you said was handed down from
	generation to generation?
Mom:	Yes?
Billy:	Well, this generation dropped it.


You will find me drinking gin
In the lowest kind of inn,
Because I am a rigid Vegetarian.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


John the Baptist after poisoning a thief,
Looks up at his hero, the Commander-in-Chief,
Saying tell me great leader, but please make it brief
Is there a hole for me to get sick in?
The Commander-in-Chief answers him while chasing a fly,
Saying death to all those who would whimper and cry.
And dropping a barbell he points to the sky,
Saying the sun is not yellow, it's chicken.
		-- Bob Dylan, "Tombstone Blues"


You can get everything in life you want,
if you will help enough other people get what they want.


To do nothing is to be nothing.


Truth is stranger than fiction, because fiction has to make sense.


Brain, n.:
	The apparatus with which we think that we think.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


What's the matter with the world?  Why, there ain't but one thing wrong
with every one of us - and that's "selfishness."
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


May Euell Gibbons eat your only copy of the manual!


SCORPIO (Oct. 23 to Nov. 21)
	Friends abound today, seeking repayment of past loans.  Smile.  Check
	for concealed weapons.  Your natural cheerfulness makes others want
	to throw up.  Knock it off.


Boston, n.:
	Ludwig van Beethoven being jeered by 50,000 sports fans for
finishing second in the Irish jig competition.


A novice of the temple once approached the Chief Priest with a question.

"Master, does Emacs have the Buddha nature?" the novice asked.

The Chief Priest had been in the temple for many years and could be
relied upon to know these things.  He thought for several minutes
before replying.

"I don't see why not.  It's got bloody well everything else."

With that, the Chief Priest went to lunch.  The novice suddenly achieved
enlightenment, several years later.

Commentary:

His Master is kind,
Answering his FAQ quickly,
With thought and sarcasm.


"Last night,"  said a lassie named Ruth,
"In a long-distance telephone booth,
	I enjoyed the perfection
	Of an ideal connection --
I was screwed, if you must know the truth."


Rainy days and Mondays always get me down.


Modern psychology takes completely for granted that behavior and neural
function are perfectly correlated, that one is completely caused by the
other.  There is no separate soul or lifeforce to stick a finger into the
brain now and then and make neural cells do what they would not otherwise.
Actually, of course, this is a working assumption only. ... It is quite
conceivable that someday the assumption will have to be rejected.  But it
is important also to see that we have not reached that day yet: the working
assumption is a necessary one and there is no real evidence opposed to it.
Our failure to solve a problem so far does not make it insoluble.  One cannot
logically be a determinist in physics and biology, and a mystic in psychology.
		-- D. O. Hebb, "Organization of Behavior:
		   A Neuropsychological Theory", 1949


PLEASE DON'T SMOKE HERE!

Penalty: An early, lingering death from cancer,
	 emphysema, or other smoking-caused ailment.


Every man is as God made him, ay, and often worse.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


I have a very strange feeling about this...
		-- Luke Skywalker


Performance:
	A statement of the speed at which a computer system works.  Or
	rather, might work under certain circumstances.  Or was rumored
	to be working over in Jersey about a month ago.


I have perfumed my bed with myrrh, aloes, and cinnamon.  Come, let us
take our fill of love until the morning.
		-- Proverbs 7:17-18


Lubarsky's Law of Cybernetic Entomology:
	There's always one more bug.


An egg has the shortest sex-life of all: it gets laid once; it gets
eaten once.  It also has to come in a box with 11 others, and the only
person who will sit on its face is its mother.


Life is a shit sandwich, and every day you get to take another bite.
It's just that some days are TWO BITE days ...


Sex is an emotion in motion.
		-- Mae West


The attractive and grief-stricken widow had been living in seclusion at the
home of her deceased husband's younger brother for several weeks.  One evening,
when she could no longer control her emotions, she barged into her brother-in-
law's study and pleaded, "James, I want you to take off my dress."  Shyly,
the brother-in-law did as she requested.  "Now," she continued, "take off my
slip."  He again complied.  "And now," she said, with a slight blush, "remove
my panties and bra."  Once more James obeyed her command.
	Then, regaining her composure, she stared directly at the young man
and boldly announced, "I have only one more request, James.  Don't ever let
me catch you wearing my things again."


We must die because we have known them.
		-- Ptah-hotep, 2000 B.C.


And so, men, we can see that human skin is an even more complex and
fascinating organ than we thought it was, and if we want to keep it
looking good, we have to care for it as though it were our own.  One
approach is to undergo a painful surgical procedure wherein your skin
is turned inside-out, so the young cells are on the outside, but then
of course you have the unpleasant side effect that your insides
gradually fill up with dead old cells and you explode.  So this
procedure is pretty much limited to top Hollywood stars for whom
youthful beauty is a career necessity, such as Elizabeth Taylor and
Orson Welles.
		-- Dave Barry, "Saving Face"


Knowledge is power.
		-- Francis Bacon


Nuke the gay, unborn, baby whales for Jesus.


You can't say civilization don't advance... in every war they kill you a
new way.
		-- Will Rogers


Imagine if every Thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them the
usual way.  This happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody
thinks of complaining.
		-- Jeff Raskin, interviewed in Doctor Dobb's Journal


Bumper sticker:
	All the parts falling off this car are
	of the very finest British manufacture.


Never promise more than you can perform.
		-- Publilius Syrus


There is no distinctly native American criminal class except Congress.
		-- Mark Twain


Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature.
		-- Rich Kulawiec


QOTD:
	"My ambition is to marry a rich woman who's too proud to let
	her husband work."


The only way I can lose this election is if I'm caught in
bed with a dead girl or a live boy.
		-- Edwin Edwards, Louisian governor


Obviously, a major malfunction has occurred.
		-- Steve Nesbitt, voice of Mission Control, January 28,
		   1986, as the shuttle Challenger exploded within view
		   of the grandstands.


BULLWINKLE: "You just leave that to my pal.  He's the brains of the
	    outfit."
GENERAL:    "What does that make YOU?"
BULLWINKLE: "What else?  An executive..."
		-- Jay Ward, "Rocky and Bullwinkle"


One man's folly is another man's wife.
		-- Helen Rowland


...why should you waste a single moment of *your* life seeming to be something
you don't want to be?  Lord, that's so simple.  If you hate your job, quit it.
If your friends are tedious, go out and find new friends.  You are queer, you
lucky fool, and that makes you one of life's buccaneers, free from the clutter
of 2000 years of Judeo-Christian sermonizing.  Stop feeling sorry for yourself
and start raising your sails.  You haven't a moment to lose.
		-- Edmund Carlevale


If only you had a personality instead of an attitude.


Support your right to arm bears!!


Algol-60 surely must be regarded as the most
important programming language yet developed.
		-- T. Cheatham


Here's to the woman beautiful and divine
she flowers every month bears fruit every nine
she's the only creature 'tween heaven and hell
can get the juice from a nut without cracking the shell.


Information Processing:
	What you call data processing when people are so disgusted with
	it they won't let it be discussed in their presence.


What the hell, go ahead and put all your eggs in one basket.


The Bible on letters of reference:

	Are we beginning all over again to produce our credentials?  Do
we, like some people, need letters of introduction to you, or from you?
No, you are all the letter we need, a letter written on your heart; any
man can see it for what it is and read it for himself.
		-- 2 Corinthians 3:1-2, New English translation


I asked the engineer who designed the communication terminal's keyboards
why these were not manufactured in a central facility, in view of the
small number needed [1 per month] in his factory.  He explained that this
would be contrary to the political concept of local self-sufficiency.
Therefore, each factory needing keyboards, no matter how few, manufactures
them completely, even molding the keypads.
		-- Isaac Auerbach, IEEE "Computer", Nov. 1979


If the weather is extremely bad, church attendance will be down.
If the weather is extremely good, church attendance will be down.
If the bulletin covers are in short supply, however,
church attendance will exceed all expectations.
		-- Reverend Chichester


Generally speaking, you aren't learning much when your lips are moving.


Chance is perhaps the work of God when He did not want to sign.
		-- Anatole France


	One night when his charge was pretty high, Micro-Farad decided to
seek out a cute little coil to let him discharge.  He picked up Milli-Amp
and took her for a ride on his Megacycle.  They rode across the Wheatstone
bridge, around the sine waves, and stopped in the magnetic field by the
flowing current.  Micro-Farad, attracted by Milli-Amp's characteristic curves,
soon had her fully charged and excited, her resistance to a minimum.  He laid
her on the ground potential, raised her frequency, and lowered her reluctance.
He pulled out his high voltage probe and inserted it into her socket,
connecting them in parallel and began short circuiting her resistance shunt.
Fully excited, Milli-Amp mumbled:  "OHM-OHM-OHM."
	With his tube operating at a maximum and her field vibrating with
his current flow, it caused her shunt to overheat, and Micro-Farad was rapidly
discharged and drained of every electron.  They Fluxed all night trying
various connections and sockets until his magnet had a soft core and lost
all of its field strength.
	Afterwards, Milli-Amp tried self-induction and damaged her solenoids.
With his battery fully discharged, Micro-Farad was unable to excite his field,
so they spent the night reversing polarity and blowing each others fuses.
		-- Eddie Currents, "The Sex Life of an Electron"


Applause, n.:
	The echo of a platitude from the mouth of a fool.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Q:	What do agnostic, insomniac dyslexics do at night?
A:	Stay awake and wonder if there's a dog.


In days of old, when knights were bold,
	And rubbers weren't invented,
They tied their socks around their cocks
	And babies were prevented.


QOTD:
	"I opened Pandora's box, let the cat out of the bag and put the
	ball in their court."
		-- Hon. J. Hacker (The Ministry of Administrative Affairs)


On the breast of a lady named Gail,
Was tattooed the price of her tail.
	And on her behind,
	For the sake of the blind,
Was the same information -- in Braille.


For God's sake, stop researching for a while and begin to think!


If you're going to do something tonight
that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late.
		-- Henny Youngman


Your boy/girl friend is *so* ugly that...

	-- when you look up ugly in the dictionary, their picture's there.
	-- it looks like their face caught fire and someone put it out
		with an ice pick.
	-- Nabisco used their face to model for animal cookies.
	-- when they yelled "Rape", the guy screamed "No way!"
	-- they were the birth control poster child.
	-- when they were born, the doctor slapped their mother.
	-- as a child, their parents tied a pork chop around her neck to
		get the puppy to play with them.
	-- they have to sneak up on a glass of water, just to get a drink!


Q:	Why are Jewish divorces so expensive?
A:	Because they're worth it!


Cried Miss Pratt: "What are you staring at?
I know - you don't have to say that!
	All you guys want of me
	Is a poke where I pee,
And it's pounding my ass mighty flat!"


When you die, you lose a very important part of your life.
		-- Brooke Shields


Smile!  You're on Candid Camera.


Never argue with a fool -- people might not be able to tell the difference.


There are those who claim that magic is like the tide; that it swells and
fades over the surface of the earth, collecting in concentrated pools here
and there, almost disappearing from other spots, leaving them parched for
wonder.  There are also those who believe that if you stick your fingers up
your nose and blow, it will increase your intelligence.
		-- The Teachings of Ebenezum, Volume VII


The trouble with doing something right the first
time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.


We were young and our happiness dazzled us with its strength.  But there was
also a terrible betrayal that lay within me like a Merle Haggard song at a
French restaurant. [...]
	I could not tell the girl about the woman of the tollway, of her milk
white BMW and her Jordache smile.  There had been a fight.  I had punched her
boyfriend, who fought the mechanical bulls.  Everyone told him, "You ride the
bull, senor.  You do not fight it."  But he was lean and tough like a bad
rib-eye and he fought the bull.  And then he fought me.  And when we finished
there were no winners, just men doing what men must do. [...]
	"Stop the car," the girl said.
	There was a look of terrible sadness in her eyes.  She knew about the
woman of the tollway.  I knew not how.  I started to speak, but she raised an
arm and spoke with a quiet and peace I will never forget.
	"I do not ask for whom's the tollway belle," she said, "the tollway
belle's for thee."
	The next morning our youth was a memory, and our happiness was a lie.
Life is like a bad margarita with good tequila, I thought as I poured whiskey
onto my granola and faced a new day.
		-- Peter Applebome, International Imitation Hemingway
		   Competition


Real programmers don't write in BASIC.  Actually, no programmers write
in BASIC after reaching puberty.


Well, anyway, I was reading this James Bond book, and right away I realized
that like most books, it had too many words.  The plot was the same one that
all James Bond books have: An evil person tries to blow up the world, but
James Bond kills him and his henchmen and makes love to several attractive
women.  There, that's it: 24 words.  But the guy who wrote the book took
*thousands* of words to say it.
	Or consider "The Brothers Karamazov", by the famous Russian alcoholic
Fyodor Dostoyevsky.  It's about these two brothers who kill their father.
Or maybe only one of them kills the father.  It's impossible to tell because
what they mostly do is talk for nearly a thousand pages.  If all Russians talk
as much as the Karamazovs did, I don't see how they found time to become a
major world power.
	I'm told that Dostoyevsky wrote "The Brothers Karamazov" to raise
the question of whether there is a God.  So why didn't he just come right
out and say: "Is there a God? It sure beats the heck out of me."
	Other famous works could easily have been summarized in a few words:

* "Moby Dick" -- Don't mess around with large whales because they symbolize
  nature and will kill you.
* "A Tale of Two Cities" -- French people are crazy.
		-- Dave Barry


The church saves sinners, but science seeks to stop their manufacture.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


LETTERS TO THE EDITOR (The Times of London)

Dear Sir,

I am firmly opposed to the spread of microchips either to the home or
to the office.  We have more than enough of them foisted upon us in
public places.  They are a disgusting Americanism, and can only result
in the farmers being forced to grow smaller potatoes, which in turn
will cause massive unemployment in the already severely depressed
agricultural industry.

Yours faithfully,
	Capt. Quinton D'Arcy, J. P.
	Sevenoaks


One of the pleasures of reading old letters is the knowledge that they
need no answer.
		-- George Gordon, Lord Byron


Conquering the world on horseback is easy; it is dismounting and
governing that is hard.
		-- Chinggis (Genghis) Khan


