You know you've been sitting in front of your Lisp machine too long
when you go out to the junk food machine and start wondering how to
make it give you the CADR of Item H so you can get that yummie
chocolate cupcake that's stuck behind the disgusting vanilla one.


The heroic hours of life do not announce their presence by drum and trumpet,
challenging us to be true to ourselves by appeals to the martial spirit that
keeps the blood at heat.  Some little, unassuming, unobtrusive choice presents
itself before us slyly and craftily, glib and insinuating, in the modest garb
of innocence.  To yield to its blandishments is so easy.  The wrong, it seems,
is venial...  Then it is that you will be summoned to show the courage of
adventurous youth.
		-- Benjamin Cardozo


	Joan, the rather well-proportioned secretary, spent almost all of
her vacation sunbathing on the roof of her hotel.  She wore a bathing suit
the first day, but on the second, she decided that no one could see her
way up there, and she slipped out of it for an overall tan.  She'd hardly
begun when she heard someone running up the stairs; she was lying on her
stomach, so she just pulled a towel over her rear.
	"Excuse me, miss," said the flustered little assistant manager of
the hotel, out of breath from running up the stairs.  "The Hilton doesn't
mind your sunbathing on the roof, but we would very much appreciate your
wearing a bathing suit as you did yesterday."
	"What difference does it make," Joan asked rather calmly.  "No one
can see me up here, and besides, I'm covered with a towel."
	"Not exactly," said the embarrassed little man.  "You're lying on
the dining room skylight."


It is common sense to take a method and try it.  If it fails,
admit it frankly and try another.  But above all, try something.
		-- Franklin D. Roosevelt


I haven't lost my mind; I know exactly where I left it.


XML is a giant step in no direction at all.
		-- Erik Naggum


Beware the one behind you.


Life is a series of rude awakenings.
		-- R. V. Winkle


San Francisco:
	A nice place to visit, but I wouldn't want to tie my shoelaces
	there.


Although written many years ago, Lady Chatterley's Lover has just been
reissued by the Grove Press, and this pictorial account of the day-to-day
life of an English gamekeeper is full of considerable interest to outdoor
minded readers, as it contains many passages on pheasant-raising, the
apprehending of poachers, ways to control vermin, and other chores and duties
of the professional gamekeeper.  Unfortunately, one is obliged to wade
through many pages of extraneous material in order to discover and savour
those sidelights on the management of a midland shooting estate, and in this
reviewer's opinion the book cannot take the place of J. R. Miller's "Practical
Gamekeeping."
		-- Ed Zern, "Field and Stream" (Nov. 1959)


Call things by their right names...  Glass of brandy and water!  That is the
current but not the appropriate name: ask for a glass of fire and distilled
damnation.
		-- Robert Hall, in Olinthus Gregory's, "Brief Memoir of the
		   Life of Hall"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to logical names.]


It is not wise to make love more than once in the morning.
You never know who you'll meet later in the day.


Abraham Lincoln didn't die in vain.  He died in Washington, D.C.


Psychology.  Mind over matter.
Mind under matter?  It doesn't matter.
Never mind.


Have you seen the old man in the closed down market,
Kicking up the papers in his worn out shoes?
In his eyes you see no pride, hands hang loosely at his side
Yesterdays papers, telling yesterdays news.

How can you tell me you're lonely,
And say for you the sun don't shine?
Let me take you by the hand
Lead you through the streets of London
I'll show you something to make you change your mind...

Have you seen the old man outside the sea-mans mission
Memories fading like the metal ribbons that he wears.
In our winter city the rain cries a little pity
For one more forgotten hero and a world that doesn't care...


You will be singled out for promotion in your work.


		Safety Tips for the Post-Nuclear Existence
1.	Never use an elevator in a building that has been hit by a
		nuclear bomb, use the stairs.
2.	When you're flying through the air, remember to roll
		when you hit the ground.
3.	If you're on fire, avoid gasoline and other flammable materials.
4.	Don't attempt communication with dead people; it will only lead
		to psychological problems.
5.	Food will be scarce, you will have to scavenge.  Learn to recognize
		foods that will be available after the bomb: mashed potatoes,
		shredded wheat, tossed salad, ground beef, etc.
6.	Put your hand over your mouth when you sneeze, internal organs
		will be scarce in the post-nuclear age.
7.	Try to be neat, fall only in designated piles.
8.	Drive carefully in "Heavy Fallout" areas, people could be
		staggering illegally.
9.	Nutritionally, hundred dollar bills are equal to one's, but more
		sanitary due to limited circulation.
10.	Accumulate mannequins now, spare parts will be in short
		supply on D-Day.


The meat is rotten, but the booze is holding out.
Computer translation of "The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak."


This land is made of mountains,
This land is made of mud,
This land has lots of everything,
For me and Elmer Fudd.

This land has lots of trousers,
This land has lots of mousers,
And pussycats to eat them
When the sun goes down.


When things go well, expect something to
explode, erode, collapse or just disappear.


Shah, shah!  Ayatulla you so!


Swipple's Rule of Order:
	He who shouts the loudest has the floor.


IT IS IN PROCESS:
	So wrapped up in red tape that the situation is almost hopeless.


Mary had a little watch;
She swallowed it one day.
And so she took some Ex-Lax
To pass the time away.

But when she took the Ex-Lax
The time it did not pass.
So when you want to know the time,
Just look up Mary's ...
		Uncle, he has a watch, too.


Small things make base men proud.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


Rascal, am I?  Take THAT!
		-- Errol Flynn


The finest eloquence is that which gets things done.


Intel CPUs are not defective, they just act that way.
		-- Henry Spencer


Tell me, O Octopus, I begs,
Is those things arms, or is they legs?
I marvel at thee, Octopus;
If I were thou, I'd call me us.
		-- Ogden Nash


... So this is a very confusing situation, and what makes it even worse
is, our standards keep changing.  Take Playboy magazine.  Back in the
1950s, when I started reading it strictly for the articles, Playboy was
considered just about the raciest thing around, even though all it ever
showed was women's breasts.  Granted, any given one of these breasts
would have provided adequate shelter for a family of four, but the
overall effect was no more explicit than many publications we think
nothing of today, such as Sports Illustrated's Annual Nipples Poking
Through Swimsuits Issue.
		-- Dave Barry, "Pornography"


My mother drinks to forget she drinks.
		-- Crazy Jimmy


Yours is not to reason why,
Just to Sail Away.
And when you find you have to throw
Your Legacy away;
Remember life as was it is,
And is as it were;
Chasing sounds across the galaxy
'Till silence is but a blur.
		-- QYX


Joe sat as his dying wife's bedside.
Her voice was little more than a whisper.
	"Joe, darling," she breathed, "I've got a confession to make
before I go.  I ... I'm the one who took the $10,000 from your safe...
I spent it on a fling with your best friend, Charles.  And it was I who
forced your mistress to leave the city.  And I am the one who reported
your income-tax evasion to the I.R.S..."
	"That's all right, dearest, don't give it a second thought,"
whispered Joe. "I'm the one who poisoned you."


Programmers used to batch environments may find it hard to live
without giant listings; we would find it hard to use them.
		-- Dennis M. Ritchie


Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel.
		-- S. Johnson, "The Life of Samuel Johnson" by J. Boswell

In Dr. Johnson's famous dictionary patriotism is defined as the last
resort of the scoundrel.  With all due respect to an enlightened but
inferior lexicographer I beg to submit that it is the first.
		-- Ambrose Bierce

When Dr. Johnson defined patriotism as the last refuge of a scoundrel,
he ignored the enormous possibilities of the word reform.
		-- Sen. Roscoe Conkling

Public office is the last refuge of a scoundrel.
		-- Boies Penrose


Think lucky. If you fall in a pond, check your pockets for fish.
		-- Darrell Royal


Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


The human race has been fascinated by sharks for as long as I can remember.
Just like the bluebird feeding its young, or the spider struggling to weave
its perfect web, or the buttercup blooming in spring, the shark reveals to
us yet another of the infinite and wonderful facets of nature, namely the
facet that it can bite your head off.  This causes us humans to feel a
certain degree of awe.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wonders of Sharks on TV"


Marvelous!  The super-user's going to boot me!
What a finely tuned response to the situation!


We're Knights of the Round Table
We dance whene'er we're able
We do routines and chorus scenes	We're knights of the Round Table
With footwork impeccable		Our shows are formidable
We dine well here in Camelot		But many times
We eat ham and jam and Spam a lot.	We're given rhymes
					That are quite unsingable
In war we're tough and able,		We're opera mad in Camelot
Quite indefatigable			We sing from the diaphragm a lot.
Between our quests
We sequin vests
And impersonate Clark Gable
It's a busy life in Camelot.
I have to push the pram a lot.
		-- Monty Python


(He opens a tolm and begins.)

	It says: "In the beginning was the Word."
	Already I am stopped.  It seems absurd.
	The Word does not deserve the highest prize,
	I must translate it otherwise.
	If I am well inspired and not blind.
	It says: "In the beginning was the Mind."
	Ponder that first line, wait and see,
	Lest you should write too hastily.
	Is the Mind the all-creating source?
	It ought to say: "In the beginning there was Force."
	Yet something warns me as I grasp the pen,
	That my translation must be changed again.
	The spirit helps me.  Now it is exact.
	I write: "In the beginning was the Act."
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, "Faust"


Just a song before I go,		Going through security
To whom it may concern,			I held her for so long.
Traveling twice the speed of sound	She finally looked at me in love,
It's easy to get burned.		And she was gone.
When the shows were over		Just a song before I go,
We had to get back home,		A lesson to be learned.
And when we opened up the door		Traveling twice the speed of sound
I had to be alone.			It's easy to get burned.
She helped me with my suitcase,
She stands before my eyes,
Driving me to the airport
And to the friendly skies.
		-- Crosby, Stills, Nash, "Just a Song Before I Go"


She's learned to say things with her eyes
that others waste time putting into words.


Campus crusade for Cthulhu -- it found me.


	"Well," said Programmer, "the customary procedure in such cases is
as follows."
	"What does Crustimoney Proseedcake mean?" said End-user.  "For I am
an End-user of Very Little Brain, and long words bother me."
	"It means the Thing to Do."
	"As long as it means that, I don't mind," said End-user humbly.


If there are epigrams, there must be meta-epigrams.


...relaxed in the manner of a man who
has no need to put up a front of any kind.
		-- John Ball, "Mark One: the Dummy"


If God had wanted us to use the metric system, Jesus would have had 10
apostles.


A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any other invention,
with the possible exceptions of handguns and Tequila.
		-- Mitch Ratcliffe


Politics is like coaching a football team.  You have to be smart
enough to understand the game but not smart enough to lose interest.


Q:	What do you do with an elephant with three balls?
A:	Walk him and pitch to the rhino.


I never met a man I didn't want to fight.
		-- Lyle Alzado, professional football lineman


Having lost his potency years before, the octogenarian was desperate to
satisfy his new 18-year-old wife.  He visited a gypsy woman with magical
powers.
	After the man downed a foul-tasting potion, the gypsy said, "There.
Now the words beep-beep will give you an enormous erection.  Repeating
the phrase will make it disappear.  But remember," she cautioned, "it will
work only three times.  Make use of them wisely."
	As the old man left, he decided to test her prediction.  "Beep-beep,"
he said, and sure enough, he got the biggest erection of his life.
"Beep-beep", he repeated.  It went away.
	He sped through traffic on his way home.  "Beep-beep," honked a taxi.
The old man gasped as he instantly got hard.
	"Beep-beep," honked a truck.  His erection wilted.
	Pulling into his driveway at last, the frantic man rushed inside
and found his nubile wife lying on the bed reading a novel.
	"Have I got a surprise for you," he said, tearing off his clothes.
"Beep-beep!"
	"Hold on a second," his wife said, eyeing his magnificent erection.
"What's all this beep-beep shit?"


Text processing has made it possible to right-justify any idea, even
one which cannot be justified on any other grounds.
		-- J. Finnegan, USC


Nothing is ever a total loss; it can always serve as a bad example.


For fast-acting relief, try slowing down.


Kiss me, Kate, we will be married o' Sunday.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"


Es giebt ein Arbeiter von Tinz,
Er schlaft mit ein Madel von Linz.
	Sie sagt, "Halt sein' plummen,
	Ich hore Mann kommen."
"Jacht, jacht," sagt der Plummer, "Ich binz."


PLUG IT IN!!!


This sentence does in fact not have the property it claims not to have.


Bernard Shaw is an excellent man; he has not an enemy in the world, and
none of his friends like him either.
		-- Oscar Wilde


A Difficulty for Every Solution.
		-- Motto of the Federal Civil Service


I want to buy a husband who, every week when I sit down to watch "St.
Elsewhere", won't scream, "FORGET IT, BLANCHE ... IT'S TIME FOR 'HEE
HAW'!!"
		-- Berke Breathed, "Bloom County"


Q:	Have you heard about the man who didn't pay for his exorcism?
A:	He got re-possessed!


It was all so different before everything changed.


Bubble Memory, n.:
	A derogatory term, usually referring to a person's
intelligence.  See also "vacuum tube".


Whistler's mother is off her rocker.


Breadth-first search is the bulldozer of science.
		-- Randy Goebel


Put another password in,
Bomb it out, then try again.
Try to get past logging in,
We're hacking, hacking, hacking.

Try his first wife's maiden name,
This is more than just a game.
It's real fun, but just the same,
It's hacking, hacking, hacking.


Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
		-- Publilius Syrus


The odds are a million to one against your being one in a million.


Worth seeing?
Yes, but not worth going to see.


All things are possible, except for skiing through a revolving door.


My rackets are run on strictly American
lines, and they're going to stay that way.
		-- Al Capone


FreeBSD: Have you had your fairings today?


Enzymes are things invented by biologists
that explain things which otherwise require harder thinking.
		-- Jerome Lettvin


** MAXIMUM TERMINALS ACTIVE.  TRY AGAIN LATER **


The difference between legal separation and divorce is
that legal separation gives the man time to hide his money.


Life is the living you do,
Death is the living you don't do.
		-- Joseph Pintauro


I have already given two cousins to the war and I stand ready to
sacrifice my wife's brother.
		-- Artemus Ward


A mother mouse was taking her large brood for a stroll across the kitchen
floor one day when the local cat, by a feat of stealth unusual even for
its species, managed to trap them in a corner.  The children cowered,
terrified by this fearsome beast, plaintively crying, "Help, Mother!
Save us!  Save us!  We're scared, Mother!"
	Mother Mouse, with the hopeless valor of a parent protecting its
children, turned with her teeth bared to the cat, towering huge above them,
and suddenly began to bark in a fashion that would have done any Doberman
proud.  The startled cat fled in fear for its life.
	As her grateful offspring flocked around her shouting "Oh, Mother,
you saved us!" and "Yay!  You scared the cat away!" she turned to them
purposefully and declared, "You see how useful it is to know a second
language?"


It's not just a computer -- it's your ass.
		-- Cal Keegan


Did you hear that there's a group of South American Indians that worship
the number zero?

Is nothing sacred?


The brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working the moment
you get up in the morning, and does not stop until you get to work.


You can't go home again, unless you set $HOME.


Living in Hollywood is like living in a bowl of granola.
What ain't fruits and nuts is flakes.


Scientists were preparing an experiment to ask the ultimate question.
They had worked for months gathering one each of every computer that
was built. Finally the big day was at hand.  All the computers were
linked together.  They asked the question, "Is there a God?".  Lights
started blinking, flashing and blinking some more.  Suddenly, there
was a loud crash, and a bolt of lightning came down from the sky,
struck the computers, and welded all the connections permanently
together.  "There is now", came the reply.


To code the impossible code,		This is my quest --
To bring up a virgin machine,		To debug that code,
To pop out of endless recursion,	No matter how hopeless,
To grok what appears on the screen,	No matter the load,
					To write those routines
To right the unrightable bug,		Without question or pause,
To endlessly twiddle and thrash,	To be willing to hack FORTRAN IV
To mount the unmountable magtape,	For a heavenly cause.
To stop the unstoppable crash!		And I know if I'll only be true
					To this glorious quest,
And the queue will be better for this,	That my code will run CUSPy and calm,
That one man, scorned and		When it's put to the test.
	destined to lose,
Still strove with his last allocation
To scrap the unscrappable kludge!
		-- To "The Impossible Dream", from Man of La Mancha


The rules:

1:  Thou shalt not worship other computer systems.
2:  Thou shalt not impersonate Liberace or eat watermelon while sitting at
	the console keyboard.
3:  Thou shalt not slap users on the face, nor staple their silly little
	card decks together.
4:  Thou shalt not get physically involved with the computer system,
	especially if you're already married.
5:  Thou shalt not use magnetic tapes as Frisbees, nor use a disk pack as
	a stool to reach another disk pack.
6:  Thou shalt not stare at the blinking lights for more than one 8 hour
	shift.
7:  Thou shalt not tell users that you accidentally destroyed their
	files/backup just to see the look on their little faces.
8:  Thou shalt not enjoy canceling a job.
9:  Thou shalt not display firearms in the computer room.
10: Thou shalt not push buttons "just to see what happens".


One good turn usually gets most of the blanket.


	"...The name of the song is called 'Haddocks' Eyes'!"
	"Oh, that's the name of the song, is it?" Alice said, trying to
feel interested.
	"No, you don't understand," the Knight said, looking a little
vexed.  "That's what the name is called.  The name really is, 'The Aged
Aged Man.'"
	"Then I ought to have said "That's what the song is called'?"
Alice corrected herself.
	"No, you oughtn't: that's quite another thing!  The song is
called 'Ways and Means':  but that's only what it is called you know!"
	"Well, what is the song then?" said Alice, who was by this
time completely bewildered.
	"I was coming to that," the Knight said.  "The song really is
"A-sitting on a Gate": and the tune's my own invention."
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


ALGORITHM:
	Trendy dance for hip programmers.


Some people manage by the book, even though they
don't know who wrote the book or even what book.


There's no real need to do housework -- after four years it doesn't get
any worse.


All possibility of understanding is rooted in the ability to say no.
		-- Susan Sontag


Neckties strangle clear thinking.
		-- Lin Yutang


Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
		-- Mark Twain


Like ya know?  Rock 'N Roll is an esoteric language that unlocks the
creativity chambers in people's brains, and like totally activates their
essential hipness, which of course is like totally necessary for saving
the earth, like because the first thing in saving this world, is getting
rid of stupid and square attitudes and having fun.
		-- Senior Year Quote


Mathematicians take it to the limit.


There is no such thing as an ugly woman -- there are only
the ones who do not know how to make themselves attractive.
		-- Christian Dior


Gordon's first law:
	If a research project is not worth doing, it is not worth doing
	well.


Nothing succeeds like the appearance of success.
		-- Christopher Lascl


Writers do it between periods.


May the Fleas of a Thousand Camels infest one of your Erogenous Zones.


Good day to avoid cops.  Crawl to school.


QOTD:
	"Some people have one of those days.  I've had one of those lives."


Be incomprehensible.  If they can't understand, they can't disagree.


Krogt, n. (chemical symbol: Kr):
	The metallic silver coating found on fast-food game cards.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


If thine eye offends thee, pluck it out.
If thy dick offends thee, whack it off.


Kitchen activity is highlighted.
Butter up a friend.


In California, Bill Honig, the Superintendent of Public Instruction, said he
thought the general public should have a voice in defining what an excellent
teacher should know.  "I would not leave the definition of math," Dr. Honig
said, "up to the mathematicians."
		-- The New York Times, October 22, 1985


Hitler used methods against white men in Europe, which by tacit
agreement between the cultural European nations were only to be
used against the coloured.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


I don't mind going nowhere as long as it's an interesting path.
		-- Ronald Mabbitt


We rarely find anyone who can say he has lived a happy life, and who,
content with his life, can retire from the world like a satisfied guest.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


The sum of the Universe is zero.


You've been telling me to relax all the way here,
and now you're telling me just to be myself?
		-- The Return of the Secaucus Seven


The moon may be smaller than Earth, but it's further away.


One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
		-- Helen Keller


QOTD:
	"I'm not a nerd -- I'm 'socially challenged.'"


ADA:
	Something you need only know the name of to be an Expert in
	Computing.  Useful in sentences like, "We had better develop
	an ADA awareness.
		-- "Datamation", January 15, 1984


All my friends are getting married,
Yes, they're all growing old,
They're all staying home on the weekend,
They're all doing what they're told.


The yankees, son, are up north.
The damnyankees are down here.


In Christianity neither morality nor religion come into contact with
reality at any point.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


If any demonstrator ever lays down in front of my car, it'll be the last
car he ever lays down in front of.
		-- George Wallace


Q:	What do you call the scratches that you get when a female
	sheep bites you?
A:	Ewe nicks.


	"Well," said Programmer, "the customary procedure in such cases is
as follows."
	"What does Crustimoney Proseedcake mean?" said End-user.  "For I am
an End-user of Very Little Brain, and long words bother me."
	"It means the Thing to Do."
	"As long as it means that, I don't mind," said End-user humbly.


Catholicism has changed tremendously in the recent years.  Now when
Communion is served there is also a salad bar.
		-- Bill Maher


