Women wish to be loved without a why or a wherefore;
not because they are pretty, or good, or well-bred, or
graceful, or intelligent, but because they are themselves.
		-- Amiel


Masturbation!  The amazing availability of it!
		-- James Joyce


Don't guess - check your security regulations.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #6

RAZORBACK:			Paul Harbride, 1984, 2 hours 25 min.
	One of the great Australian films of the early 1980's,
	and arguably the best movie ever made about a large,
	man-eating hog.  Some violence.  With Gregory Harrison.


I'm for peace -- I've yet to see a man wake up in the morning and say
"I've just had a good war."
		-- Mae West


Boy!  Eucalyptus!


An expert is a person who avoids the small errors
as he sweeps on to the grand fallacy.
		-- Benjamin Stolberg


Rule of Creative Research:
	1) Never draw what you can copy.
	2) Never copy what you can trace.
	3) Never trace what you can cut out and paste down.


Orcs really aren't so bad (if you use lots of catsup).


The disks are getting full; purge a file today.


The solution of this problem is trivial
and is left as an exercise for the reader.


As long as there are ill-defined goals, bizarre bugs, and unrealistic
schedules, there will be Real Programmers willing to jump in and Solve
The Problem, saving the documentation for later.


If we could sell our experiences for what they cost us, we would
all be millionaires.
		-- Abigail Van Buren


If you didn't have most of your friends,
you wouldn't have most of your problems.


There's more than one way to skin a cat:
	#15 -- Krazy Glue and a toothbrush.


Gross, adj.:
	When your bloody mary still has the string in it.


Love is a slippery eel that bites like hell.
		-- Matt Groening


The most difficult thing about surviving AIDS
is trying to convince your parents that you're Haitian.


My mother didn't breast-feed me.  She said she liked me as a friend.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


A computer science student on an exam:

	According to Shannon, information has entropy.  Entropy is just
	a mathematical trick to introduce temperature.  Consequently,
	information has temperature.  Hence there are hot news and cool
	news.


The hand that feeds the chicken every day finally wrings its neck instead,
thus proving that more sophisticated views about the uniformity of nature
would have been useful to the chicken.

		-- Bertrand Russell, "On Induction"


Philosophy is to the real world as masturbation is to sex.
		-- Karl Marx


Instead of giving money to found colleges to promote learning, why don't
they pass a constitutional amendment prohibiting anybody from learning
anything?  If it works as good as the Prohibition one did, why, in five
years we would have the smartest race of people on earth.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


There is hopeful symbolism in the fact that flags do not wave in a vacuum.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke


To err is human, two curs canine.
To err is human, to moo bovine.


If I have seen farther than others, it is because I was standing on the
shoulders of giants.
		-- Isaac Newton

In the sciences, we are now uniquely privileged to sit side by side with
the giants on whose shoulders we stand.
		-- Gerald Holton

If I have not seen as far as others, it is because giants were standing on
my shoulders.
		-- Hal Abelson

Mathematicians stand on each other's shoulders.
		-- Gauss

Mathematicians stand on each other's shoulders while computer scientists
stand on each other's toes.
		-- Richard Hamming

It has been said that physicists stand on one another's shoulders.  If
this is the case, then programmers stand on one another's toes, and
software engineers dig each other's graves.
		-- Unknown


You have a strong appeal for members of the opposite sex.


All Gods were immortal.
		-- Stanislaw J. Lec, "Unkempt Thoughts"


	Risch's decision procedure for integration, not surprisingly,
uses a recursion on the number and type of the extensions from the
rational functions needed to represent the integrand.  Although the
algorithm follows and critically depends upon the appropriate structure
of the input, as in the case of multivariate factorization, we cannot
claim that the algorithm is a natural one.  In fact, the creator of
differential algebra, Ritt, committed suicide in the early 1950's,
largely, it is claimed, because few paid attention to his work.  Probably
he would have received more attention had he obtained the algorithm as
well.
		-- Joel Moses, "Algorithms and Complexity", ed. J. F. Traub


Why isn't there a special name for the tops of your feet?
		-- Lily Tomlin


The anger of a woman is the greatest evil
with which you can threaten your enemies.
		-- Bonnard


Anyone who has attended a USENIX conference in a fancy hotel can tell you
that a sentence like "You're one of those computer people, aren't you?"
is roughly equivalent to "Look, another amazingly mobile form of slime
mold!" in the mouth of a hotel cocktail waitress.
		-- Elizabeth Zwicky


Psychics will soon lead dogs to your body.


GEMINI (May 21 to Jun. 20)
	Good news and bad news highlighted.  Enjoy the good news while you
	can; the bad news will make you forget it.  You will enjoy praise
	and respect from those around you; everybody loves a sucker.  A short
	trip is in the stars, possibly to the men's room.


She is not refined.  She is not unrefined.  She keeps a parrot.
		-- Mark Twain


Telephone, n.:
	An invention of the devil which abrogates some of the advantages of
	making a disagreeable person keep his distance.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


It is easier to be a "humanitarian" than to render your own country its
proper due; it is easier to be a "patriot" than to make your community a
better place to live in; it is easier to be a "civic leader" than to treat
your own family with loving understanding; for the smaller the focus of
attention, the harder the task.
		-- Sydney J. Harris


After 35 years, I have finished a comprehensive study of European
comparative law.  In Germany, under the law, everything is prohibited,
except that which is permitted.  In France, under the law, everything
is permitted, except that which is prohibited.  In the Soviet Union,
under the law, everything is prohibited, including that which is
permitted.  And in Italy, under the law, everything is permitted,
especially that which is prohibited.
		-- Newton Minow, 1985,
		   Speech to the Association of American Law Schools


How do I love thee?  My accumulator overflows.


The abbess of a nunnery was instructing a group of novices on the house rules
of her particular order.  The indoctrination period, which went on for hours,
began with "No washing of undies in the founts," and ended with "Lights out at
nine.  Candles out at ten."


Why must you tell me all your secrets when it's hard enough to love
you knowing nothing?
		-- Lloyd Cole and the Commotions


The entire work force of the Communist countries is subjected to periodic
purges (called verifications in Newspeak).  One of the most severe took
place in 1957 when Novotny, rattled by the Hungarian Revolution the year
before, tried hard to weed out "radishes" (red outside, white inside) from
all but insignificant positions.  Any one of the following would often
result in the loss of one's job:  Bourgeois or Jewish family background,
relatives abroad, contacts with former capitalists, having lived in a
Western country, insufficient knowledge of Communist literature, and others.

	A man is interviewed by a "Verification Committee."
	"What kind of family do you come from?"
	"A rich, Jewish family."
	"And your wife?"
	"A German aristocrat."
	"Have you ever been to the West?"
	"I spent most of my life in England."
	"How did you make a living there?"
	"A friend supported me."
	"Where did you get the money from?"
	"He owned a textile factory."
	"Who was Lenin?"
	"Never heard of him."
	"What is your name?"
	"Karl Marx."


If the code and the comments disagree, then both are probably wrong.
		-- Norm Schryer


Hell, if you don't try to remake someone,
how are they supposed to know you care?


	Murray and Esther, a middle-aged Jewish couple, are touring
Chile.  Murray just got a new camera and is constantly snapping
pictures.  One day, without knowing it, he photographs a top-secret
military installation.  In an instant, armed troops surround Murray and
Esther and hustle them off to prison.
	They can't prove who they are because they've left their
passports in their hotel room.  For three weeks they're tortured day
and night to get them to name their contacts in the liberation
movement.  Finally they're hauled in front of a military court,
charged with espionage, and sentenced to death.
	The next morning they're lined up in front of the wall where
they'll be shot.  The sergeant in charge of the firing squad asks them
if they have any last requests.  Esther wants to know if she can call
her daughter in Chicago.  The sergeant says he's sorry, that's not
possible, and turns to Murray.
	"This is crazy!"  Murray shouts.  "We're not spies!"  And he
spits in the sergeants face.
	"Murray!"  Esther cries.  "Please!  Don't make trouble."
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


The misnaming of fields of study is so common as to lead to what might be
general systems laws.  For example, Frank Harary once suggested the law that
any field that had the word "science" in its name was guaranteed thereby
not to be a science.  He would cite as examples Military Science, Library
Science, Political Science, Homemaking Science, Social Science, and Computer
Science.  Discuss the generality of this law, and possible reasons for its
predictive power.
		-- Gerald Weinberg, "An Introduction to General Systems
		   Thinking"


In the plot, people came to the land; the land loved them; they worked and
struggled and had lots of children.  There was a Frenchman who talked funny
and a greenhorn from England who was a fancy-pants but when it came to the
crunch he was all courage.  Those novels would make you retch.
		-- Canadian novelist Robertson Davies, on the generic Canadian
		   novel.


All men are mortal.  Socrates was mortal.  Therefore, all men are
Socrates.
		-- Woody Allen


Bushydo -- the way of the shrub.  Bonsai!


QOTD:
	"My penis is better than corn, because corn doesn't squeal when
	you stick those little prongs into it."
		-- Mark-Jason Dominus


A.I. hackers do it with robots.


Drug, n.:
	A substance that, when injected into a rat, produces a scientific
	paper.


When it's dark enough you can see the stars.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


The very remembrance of my former misfortune proves a new one to me.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


"No program is perfect,"
They said with a shrug.
"The customer's happy--
What's one little bug?"

But he was determined,			Then change two, then three more,
The others went home.			As year followed year.
He dug out the flow chart		And strangers would comment,
Deserted, alone.			"Is that guy still here?"

Night passed into morning.		He died at the console
The room was cluttered			Of hunger and thirst
With core dumps, source listings.	Next day he was buried
"I'm close," he muttered.		Face down, nine edge first.

Chain smoking, cold coffee,		And his wife through her tears
Logic, deduction.			Accepted his fate.
"I've got it!" he cried,		Said "He's not really gone,
"Just change one instruction."		He's just working late."
		-- The Perfect Programmer


His great aim was to escape from civilization, and, as soon as he had
money, he went to Southern California.


QOTD:
	"To hell with patience, I'm gonna kill me something!"


The Almighty in His infinite wisdom did not see
fit to create Frenchmen in the image of Englishmen.
		-- Winston Churchill, 1942


If it takes a bloodbath, lets get it over with.  No more appeasement.
		-- Ronald Reagan


Slick's Three Laws of the Universe:
	1)  Nothing in the known universe travels faster than a bad check.
	2)  A quarter-ounce of chocolate = four pounds of fat.
	3)  There are two types of dirt:  the dark kind, which is
	    attracted to light objects, and the light kind, which is
	    attracted to dark objects.


Any fool can tell the truth, but it requires a man of sense to know
how to lie well.
		-- Samuel Butler


"Necessity is the mother of invention" is a silly proverb.  "Necessity
is the mother of futile dodges" is much nearer the truth.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead


A real patriot is the fellow who gets a parking
ticket and rejoices that the system works.


			Pittsburgh driver's test
5: Your car's horn is a vital piece of safety equipment.
   How often should you test it?
	a) once a year.
	b) once a month.
	c) once a day.
	d) once an hour.
The correct answer is d.
You should test your car's horn at least once every hour,
and more often at night or in residential neighborhoods.


"Being disintegrated makes me ve-ry an-gry!" <huff, huff>


The idle mind knows not what it is it wants.
		-- Quintus Ennius


The chicken that clucks the loudest is the one most likely to show up
at the steam fitters' picnic.


The happiest time in any man's life is just after the first divorce.
		-- J. K. Galbraith


Don't take life so serious, son, it ain't nohow permanent.
		-- Walt Kelly


Is a person who blows up banks an econoclast?


Bug, n.:
	A son of a glitch.


For fast-acting relief, try slowing down.


Cut a man's hand when you fight him.  He'll freeze, fascinated by the sight
of his own blood.  That's when you stick him in the throat.
		-- Gerry Youghkins

If you look rather casual with the knife when you flick it open, people
don't like it.
		-- Gerry Youghkins


Earn cash in your spare time -- blackmail your friends.


Never hit a man with glasses; hit him with a baseball bat.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(33) There will always be poor people.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.


	Eugene d'Albert, a noted German composer, was married six times.
At an evening reception which he attended with his fifth wife shortly
after their wedding, he presented the lady to a friend who said politely,
"Congratulations, Herr d'Albert; you have rarely introduced me to so
charming a wife."


Niklaus Wirth has lamented that, whereas Europeans pronounce his
name correctly (Ni-klows Virt), Americans invariably mangle it into
(Nick-les Worth).  Which is to say that Europeans call him by name,
but Americans call him by value.


Two men were standing around talking while nearby a large German Shepherd
lay licking his balls.  One man says to the other, "Damn, I wish I could
do that."
	The other man replies, "Well, it's okay by me, but I think you
ought to get to know him a little first."


A drunk was sitting at the end of the bar in a popular singles' place,
watching a young, good-looking man working his way through the women.  The
guy didn't appear to be having much luck, and he was only spending a few
moments with each woman.  As he worked his way closer, while he couldn't
hear what the young man was saying, he realized that the women were somewhat
shocked at his approach.  Finally, the man approaches a pretty brunette and
they hit it off immediately.  After a bit of quiet conversation, she handed
the young man her hotel key and they started off for the elevators.  As they
passed the drunk, he stopped the lucky one and asked him what his method was.
	"Well," the man replied, "It's simple.  You say 'Tickle your ass
with a feather?'  If she sounds interested, you take it from there.  If she
sounds angry, you smile and say 'Typically nasty weather.'"
	The drunk says "Ohhhhh, got it, I got it!" and walks over to a woman
at the end of the bar to try out his new approach.  Getting her attention,
he smiles and says "Fuck me!"
	"What?!?!?" she screams.
	"Raining like hell, isn't it?"


Can you buy friendship?  You not only can, you must.  It's the
only way to obtain friends.  Everything worthwhile has a price.
		-- Robert J. Ringer


The streets are safe in Philadelphia, it's only the people who make
them unsafe.
		-- Mayor Frank Rizzo


Grain grows best in shit.
		-- Ursula K. LeGuin


QOTD:
	"It's been real and it's been fun, but it hasn't been real fun."


You are transported to a room where you are faced by a wizard who
points to you and says, "Them's fighting words!"  You immediately get
attacked by all sorts of denizens of the museum: there is a cobra
chewing on your leg, a troglodyte is bashing your brains out with a
gold nugget, a crocodile is removing large chunks of flesh from you, a
rhinoceros is goring you with his horn, a sabre-tooth cat is busy
trying to disembowel you, you are being trampled by a large mammoth, a
vampire is sucking you dry, a Tyrannosaurus Rex is sinking his six inch
long fangs into various parts of your anatomy, a large bear is
dismembering your body, a gargoyle is bouncing up and down on your
head, a burly troll is tearing you limb from limb, several dire wolves
are making mince meat out of your torso, and the wizard is about to
transport you to the corner of Westwood and Broxton.  Oh dear, you seem
to have gotten yourself killed, as well.

You scored 0 out of 250 possible points.
That gives you a ranking of junior beginning adventurer.
To achieve the next higher rating, you need to score 32 more points.


Be self-reliant and your success is assured.


You lived with a man who wore white belts?
Laura, I'm disappointed in you.
		-- Remington Steele


Five bicycles make a Volkswagen, seven make a truck.
		-- Adolfo Guzman


If we all work together, we can totally disrupt the system.


Any woman is a volume if one knows how to read her.


WE'LL LOOK INTO IT:
	By the time the wheels make a full turn, we
	assume you will have forgotten about it,too.


Why attack God?  He may be as miserable as we are.
		-- Erik Satie


I'm never through with a girl until I've had her three ways.
		-- J.F. Kennedy


His followers called him Mahasamatman and said he was a god.  He preferred
to drop the Maha- and the -atman, however, and called himself Sam.  He never
claimed to be a god.  But then, he never claimed not to be a god.  Circum-
stances being what they were, neither admission could be of any benefit.
Silence, though, could.  It was in the days of the rains that their prayers
went up, not from the fingering of knotted prayer cords or the spinning of
prayer wheels, but from the great pray-machine in the monastery of Ratri,
goddess of the Night.  The high-frequency prayers were directed upward through
the atmosphere and out beyond it, passing into that golden cloud called the
Bridge of the Gods, which circles the entire world, is seen as a bronze
rainbow at night and is the place where the red sun becomes orange at midday.
Some of the monks doubted the orthodoxy of this prayer technique...
		-- Roger Zelazny, "Lord of Light"


Engram, n.:
	1. The physical manifestation of human memory -- "the engram."
2. A particular memory in physical form.  [Usage note:  this term is no longer
in common use.  Prior to Wilson and Magruder's historic discovery, the nature
of the engram was a topic of intense speculation among neuroscientists,
psychologists, and even computer scientists.  In 1994 Professors M. R. Wilson
and W. V. Magruder, both of Mount St. Coax University in Palo Alto, proved
conclusively that the mammalian brain is hardwired to interpret a set of
thirty seven genetically transmitted cooperating TECO macros.  Human memory
was shown to reside in 1 million Q-registers as Huffman coded uppercase-only
ASCII strings.  Interest in the engram has declined substantially since that
time.]
		-- New Century Unabridged English Dictionary,
		   3rd edition, 2007 A.D.


Nasrudin returned to his village from the imperial capital, and the villagers
gathered around to hear what had passed.  "At this time," said Nasrudin, "I
only want to say that the King spoke to me."  All the villagers but the
stupidest ran off to spread the wonderful news.  The remaining villager
asked, "What did the King say to you?"  "What he said -- and quite distinctly,
for everyone to hear -- was 'Get out of my way!'" The simpleton was overjoyed;
he had heard words actually spoken by the King, and seen the very man they
were spoken to.


Half a bee, philosophically, must ipso facto half not be.
But half the bee has got to be, vis-a-vis its entity.  See?
But can a bee be said to be or not to be an entire bee,
When half the bee is not a bee, due to some ancient injury?


You have all eternity to be cautious in when you're dead.
		-- Lois Platford


Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a
wise person to be able to sell it.


I need another lawyer like I need another hole in my head.
		-- Fratianno


Now and then an innocent person is sent to the legislature.


You can't go home again, unless you set $HOME.


Now is the time for all good men to come to.
		-- Walt Kelly


Those who sweat in flames of hell,	Leaden eared, some thought their bowels
Here's the reason that they fell:	Lispeth forth the sweetest vowels.
While on earth they prayed in SAS,	These they offered up in praise
PL/1, or other crass,			Thinking all this fetid haze
Vulgar tongue.				A rhapsody sung.

Some the lord did sorely try		Jabber of the mindless horde
Assembling all their pleas in hex.	Sequel next did mock the lord
Speech as crabbed as devil's crable	Slothful sequel so enfangled
Hex that marked on Tower Babel		Its speaker's lips became entangled
The highest rung.			In his bung.

Because in life they prayed so ill
And offered god such swinish swill
Now they sweat in flames of hell
Sweat from lack of APL
Sweat dung!


Q:	What's the difference between a dead dog in the road and a dead
	lawyer in the road?
A:	There are skid marks in front of the dog.


I'm going to Boston to see my doctor.  He's a very sick man.
		-- Fred Allen


Showing up is 80% of life.
		-- Woody Allen


The New Testament offers the basis for modern computer coding theory,
in the form of an affirmation of the binary number system.

	But let your communication be Yea, yea; nay, nay:
	for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil.

		-- Matthew 5:37


