You attempt things that you do not even plan
because of your extreme stupidity.


Mathematicians are like Frenchmen: whatever you say to them they translate
into their own language, and forthwith it is something entirely different.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Don't knock masturbation -- it's sex with someone I love.
		-- Woody Allen


Marriage is like twirling a baton, turning handsprings, or eating with
chopsticks.  It looks easy until you try it.


Hope not, lest ye be disappointed.
		-- M. Horner


A Parable of Modern Research:

	Bob has lost his keys in a room which is dark except for one
brightly lit corner.
	"Why are you looking under the light, you lost them in the dark!"
	"I can only see here."


A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Portrait of Mr. W. H."


The smiling Spring comes in rejoicing,
And surly Winter grimly flies.
Now crystal clear are the falling waters,
And bonnie blue are the sunny skies.
Fresh o'er the mountains breaks forth the morning,
The ev'ning gilds the oceans's swell:
All creatures joy in the sun's returning,
And I rejoice in my bonnie Bell.

The flowery Spring leads sunny Summer,
The yellow Autumn presses near;
Then in his turn come gloomy Winter,
Till smiling Spring again appear.
Thus seasons dancing, life advancing,
Old Time and Nature their changes tell;
But never ranging, still unchanging,
I adore my bonnie Bell.
		-- Robert Burns, "My Bonnie Bell"


Smoking Prohibited.  Absolutely no ifs, ands, or butts.


It is not enough to have great qualities,
we should also have the management of them.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


WYSIWYG:
	What You See Is What You Get.


The proof that IBM didn't invent the car is that it has a steering wheel
and an accelerator instead of spurs and ropes, to be compatible with a
horse.
		-- Jac Goudsmit


TRANSPARENT:
	Being or pertaining to an existing, nontangible object.
	"It's there, but you can't see it"
		-- IBM System/360 announcement, 1964

VIRTUAL:
	Being or pertaining to a tangible, nonexistent object.
	"I can see it, but it's not there."
		-- Lady Macbeth


Prejudice, n.:
	A vagrant opinion without visible means of support.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
		-- Seneca


Anyone who has had a bull by the tail
knows five or six more things than someone who hasn't.
		-- Mark Twain


The trouble with telling a good story is that it invariably reminds
the other fellow of a dull one.
		-- Sid Caesar


Far out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end of the
Western Spiral arm of the Galaxy lies a small unregarded yellow sun.
Orbiting this at a distance of roughly ninety-eight million miles is an
utterly insignificant little blue-green planet whose ape-descended life
forms are so amazingly primitive that they still think digital watches
are a pretty neat idea ...
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Maryann's Law:
	You can always find what you're not looking for.


An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of purge.


	"The Good Ship Enterprise" (to the tune of "The Good Ship Lollipop")

On the good ship Enterprise
Every week there's a new surprise
Where the Romulans lurk
And the Klingons often go berserk.

Yes, the good ship Enterprise
There's excitement anywhere it flies
Where Tribbles play
And Nurse Chapel never gets her way.

	See Captain Kirk standing on the bridge,
	Mr. Spock is at his side.
	The weekly menace, ooh-ooh
	It gets fried, scattered far and wide.

It's the good ship Enterprise
Heading out where danger lies
And you live in dread
If you're wearing a shirt that's red.
		-- Doris Robin and Karen Trimble of The L.A. Filkharmonics


Four fifths of the perjury in the world is expended on
tombstones, women and competitors.
		-- Lord Thomas Robert Dewar


I think we can all agree that there is not enough common courtesy shown
... HEY!  PAY ATTENTION WHEN I'M TALKING TO YOU DAMMIT!  I said I think
we can all agree that there is not enough common courtesy shown today.
When we take the time to be courteous to each other, we find that we
are happier and less likely to engage in nuclear war.  This point was
driven home by the recent summit talks, where Nancy Reagan and Raisa
Gorbachev, each of whose husband thinks the other's husband is vermin,
were able to sit down at a high-level tea and engage in courteous
conversation ...
		-- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"


Moebius always does it on the same side.


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

A new system, the CIRCULATORY system, has been added.

The long-experimental CIRCULATORY system has been released to users.  The
Lisp Machine uses Type B fluid, the L machine uses Type A fluid.  When the
switch to Common Lisp occurs both machines will, of course, be Type O.
Please check fluid level by using the DIP stick which is located in the
back of VMI monitors.  Unchecked low fluid levels can cause poor paging
performance.


Lavish spending can be disastrous.
Don't buy any lavishes for a while.


ASHes to ASHes, DOS to DOS.


Why, every one as they like; as the good woman said when she
kissed her cow.
		-- Rabelais


The help people need most urgently is
help in admitting that they need help.


Harris had the beefstead pie between his knees, and was carving it, and George
and I were waiting with our plates ready.
	"Have you got a spoon there?" says Harris; "I want a spoon to help
the gravy with."
	The hamper was close behind us, and George and I both turned round to
reach one out.  We were not five seconds getting it.  When we looked round
again, Harris and the pie were gone!
	It was a wide, open field.  There was not a tree or a bit of hedge for
hundreds of yards.  He could not have tumbled into the river, because we were
on the water side of him, and he would have had to climb over us to do it.
	George and I gazed all about.  Then we gazed at each other.
	"Has he been snatched up to heaven?" I queried.
	"They'd hardly have taken the pie, too," said George.
	There seemed weight in this objection, and we discarded the heavenly
theory.
	"I suppose the truth of the matter is," suggested George, descending
to the commonplace and practicable, "that there has been an earthquake."
	And then he added, with a touch of sadness in his voice: "I wish he
hadn't been carving that pie."
		-- Jerome K. Jerome, "Three Men In A Boat"


Workers of the world, arise!  You have nothing to lose but your
chairs.


Philosophy will clip an angel's wings.
		-- John Keats


Factorials were someone's attempt to make math LOOK exciting.


The feeling persists that no one can simultaneously be a respectable writer
and understand how a refrigerator works, just as no gentleman wears a brown
suit in the city.  Colleges may be to blame.  English majors are encouraged,
I know, to hate chemistry and physics, and to be proud because they are not
dull and creepy and humorless and war-oriented like the engineers across the
quad.  And our most impressive critics have commonly been such English majors,
and they are squeamish about technology to this very day.  So it is natural
for them to despise science fiction.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., "Science Fiction"


Neutrinos are into physicists.


Q:	What's worse than getting raped by Jack the Ripper?
A:	Getting fingered by Captain Hook!


Support wildlife -- vote for an orgy.


Why don't somebody print the truth about our present economic condition?
We spent years of wild buying on credit, everything under the sun, whether
we needed it or not, and now we are having to pay for it, howling like a
pet coon.  This would be a great world to dance in if we didn't have to
pay the fiddler.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


Unless you love someone, nothing else makes any sense.
		-- e. e. cummings


Hear that...
	bookstores will soon be stocking a volume called "The Unsensuous
	Census Taker".  It's about a guy who comes once every ten years?


A man without a woman is like a statue without pigeons.


If it flies, floats or fucks, rent it, don't buy it.
		-- Tommy Earl Bruner


What you mean, how old am I?  About one hundred!  But Viennese answer is
better: we say, "I keep passing the open windows."  This is an old joke.
There was a street clown called King of the Mice: he trained rodents, he
did horoscopes, he could impersonate Napoleon, he could make dogs fart
on command.  One night he jumped out his window with all his pets in a box.
Written on the box was this: "Life is serious, but art is fun!"  I hear his
funeral was a party.  A street artist had killed himself.  Nobody had
supported him but now everybody missed him.  Now who would make the dogs
make music and the mice pant?  The bear knows this, too: it is hard work
and great art to make life not so serious.
		-- John Irving "The Hotel New Hampshire"


The other night I was having sex, but the girl hung up on me.


Do not worry about which side your
bread is buttered on: you eat BOTH sides.


When among apes, one must play the ape.


To see you is to sympathize.


It is impossible to make anything
foolproof because fools are so ingenious.


Soap and education are not as sudden as a
massacre, but they are more deadly in the long run.
		-- Mark Twain


He was a modest, good-humored boy.  It was Oxford that made him
insufferable.


I can mend the break of day, heal a broken heart,
and provide temporary relief to nymphomaniacs.
		-- Larry Lee


The prick of the engineer, Scott,
Fell off from Saturnian rot.
	He went to the basement
	And made a replacement
Of tungsten and plastic and snot.


The thought of being President frightens me and I do not think I
want the job.
		-- Ronald Reagan in 1973

Reagan won because he ran against Jimmy Carter.  Had he run unopposed he
would have lost.
		-- Mort Sahl

Ronald Reagan is a triumph of the embalmer's art.
		-- Gore Vidal

Ronald Reagan's platform seems to be: Hey, I'm a big good-looking guy and
I need a lot of sleep.
		-- Roy G. Blount, Jr.

You've got to be careful quoting Ronald Reagan, because when you quote him
accurately it's called mudslinging.
		-- Walter Mondale


A language that doesn't have everything is
actually easier to program in than some that do.
		-- Dennis M. Ritchie


Do your part to help preserve life on
Earth -- by trying to preserve your own.


Girls who throw themselves at men,
are actually taking very careful aim.


One of the most striking differences between a
cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives.
		-- Mark Twain


If Love Were Oil, I'd Be About A Quart Low
		-- Book title by Lewis Grizzard


The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice
and tragedy.  What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the
master calls a butterfly.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


Seek simplicity -- and distrust it.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead


When you're a Yup
You're a Yup all the way
From your first slice of Brie
To your last Cabernet.

When you're a Yup
You're not just a dreamer
You're making things happen
You're driving a Beamer.


Nine reasons a taco is better than a woman:
	1: Tacos don't put frilly covers on the toilet seat
		so the lid won't stay up.
	2: Tacos don't use your razor on their legs.
	3: Tacos don't say "That's okay, it doesn't have to be good for me."
	4: Tacos don't get upset if you eat another taco, "Just for fun."
	5: Tacos will never contest a divorce,
		demand a property settlement or seek custody of anything.
	6: Tacos won't ask you about your last lover,
		or speculate about your next one.
	7: A taco will never make a scene because
		there are other tacos in the refrigerator.
	8: It's easy to drop a taco.
	9: Tacos don't want to sleep on your chest.


She never liked zippers, she said,
Until she opened one in bed.


George Bernard Shaw once sent two tickets to the opening night of one of
his plays to Winston Churchill with the following note:
	"Bring a friend, if you have one."

Churchill wrote back, returning the two tickets and excused himself as he
had a previous engagement.  He also attached the following:
	"Please send me two tickets for the next night, if there is one."


It's easier to take it apart than to put it back together.
		-- Washlesky


I am not an Economist.  I am an honest man!
		-- Paul McCracken


Behind every great computer sits a skinny little geek.


You can't start worrying about what's going to happen.
You get spastic enough worrying about what's happening now.
		-- Lauren Bacall


There is Jackson standing like a stone wall.  Let us determine to die,
and we will conquer.  Follow me.
		-- General Barnard E. Bee (CSA)


The first myth of management is that it exists.  The second myth of
management is that success equals skill.
		-- Robert Heller


Sex is an emotion in motion.
		-- Mae West


An ounce of clear truth is worth a pound of obfuscation.


LOVE:
	When, if asked to choose between your lover
	and happiness, you'd skip happiness in a heartbeat.


Wisdom is knowing what to do with what you know.
		-- J. Winter Smith


The whole of life is futile unless you
consider it as a sporting proposition.


Men still remember the first kiss after women have forgotten the last.


An American walks into an Irish pub around lunchtime, and finds the place
is completely filled and there are no chairs available, with the exception
of one -- seating a Chihuahua next to a woman.  He very politely asks her
if she would mind placing her dog on the floor for a few minutes while he
got a quick bite to eat.
	"I most certainly would!", the woman haughtily replies.  "Little
Fifi *always* sits next to me at lunchtime and there she will stay!"
	Whereupon, the American picks up the Chihuahua, throws it out of
an open window and takes the seat.
	An Irishman, watching the whole encounter, walks over, taps the
American on the shoulder and says, "Mate, I guess I never will understand
you Americans.  You drink your beer cold, drive on the right side of the
street, and you just threw the wrong bitch out the window!"


	All that you touch,		And all you create,
	All that you see,		And all you destroy,
	All that you taste,		All that you do,
	All you feel,			And all you say,
	And all that you love,		All that you eat,
	And all that you hate,		And everyone you meet,
	All you distrust,		All that you slight,
	All you save,			And everyone you fight,
	And all that you give,		And all that is now,
	And all that you deal,		And all that is gone,
	All that you buy,		And all that's to come,
	Beg, borrow or steal,		And everything under the sun is
						in tune,
					But the sun is eclipsed
					By the moon.

There is no dark side of the moon... really... matter of fact it's all dark.
		-- Pink Floyd, "Dark Side of the Moon"


Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle?

Because his wife left him.  But things are looking up for their reconciliation.
Seems that when she left, she took his word processor, and she's been renting
it out occasionally in Japan.  That is, every now and then she gets a yen for
his Wang.


All the big corporations depreciate their possessions, and you can,
too, provided you use them for business purposes.  For example, if you
subscribe to the Wall Street Journal, a business-related newspaper, you
can deduct the cost of your house, because, in the words of U.S.
Supreme Court Chief Justice Warren Burger in a landmark 1979 tax
decision: "Where else are you going to read the paper?  Outside?  What
if it rains?"
		-- Dave Barry, "Sweating Out Taxes"


And remember: if you don't like the news, go out and make some of
your own.
		-- "Scoop" Nisker, KFOG radio reporter
		   Preposterous Words


She often gave herself very good advice
(though she very seldom followed it).
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


A bachelor is a man who never made the same mistake once.


In regards to Oral Roberts' claim that God told him that he would die unless
he received $20 million by March, God's lawyers have stated that their client
has not spoken with Roberts for several years.  Off the record, God has stated
that "If I had wanted to ice the little toad, I would have done it a long time
ago."
		-- Dennis Miller, SNL News


DEJA VU:
	French., already seen; unoriginal; trite.
	Psychol., The illusion of having previously experienced
	something actually being encountered for the first time.
	Psychol., The illusion of having previously experienced
	something actually being encountered for the first time.


There are no winners in life, only survivors.


DEATH WISH:
	The only wish that always comes true, whether or not one wishes it to.


...we must not judge the society of the future by considering whether or not
we should like to live in it; the question is whether those who have grown up
in it will be happier than those who have grown up in our society or those of
the past.
		-- Joseph Wood Krutch


People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves.


[Crash programs] fail because they are based on the theory that,
with nine women pregnant, you can get a baby a month.
		-- Wernher von Braun


Cynic, n.:
	A blackguard whose faulty vision sees things as they are, not
	as they ought to be.  Hence the custom among the Scythians of
	plucking out a cynic's eyes to improve his vision.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


There appears to be irrefutable evidence that
the mere fact of overcrowding induces violence.
		-- Harvey Wheeler


