Put another password in,
Bomb it out, then try again.
Try to get past logging in,
We're hacking, hacking, hacking.

Try his first wife's maiden name,
This is more than just a game.
It's real fun, but just the same,
It's hacking, hacking, hacking.


To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
		-- Thomas Edison


What this country needs is a dime that will buy a good five-cent bagel.


He who hates vices hates mankind.


Space: the final frontier.  These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise.
Its five-year mission: to explore strange new worlds; to seek out new life
and new civilizations; to boldly go where no man has gone before.
		-- Captain James T. Kirk


Every morning, I get up and look through the "Forbes" list of the
richest people in America.  If I'm not there, I go to work.
		-- Robert Orben


Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set:

DC	Divide and Conquer
DMPK	Destroy Memory Protect Key
DO	Divide and Overflow
EMPC	Emulate Pocket Calculator
EPI	Execute Programmer Immediately
EROS	Erase Read Only Storage
EXCE	Execute Customer Engineer
HCF	Halt and Catch Fire
IBP	Insert Bug and Proceed
INSQSW	Insert into queue somewhere (for FINO queues [First in never out])
PBC	Print and Break Chain
PDSK	Punch Disk


The full impact of parenthood doesn't hit you until you multiply the
number of your kids by thirty-two teeth.


Dry fucking: that's man on top of woman, the action is the same as fucking,
but you're dressed.  It's great for the girl... you're hitting and rubbing
exactly the area that you ought to be... I still like that.
		-- Grace Slick


If it ain't broke, don't fix it.


Life is not a cabaret.
It's a fucking circus.


Whistler's mother is off her rocker.


Lend money to a bad debtor and he will hate you.


MICRO:
	Thinker toys.


Even bytes get lonely for a little bit.


If I have not seen so far it is because I stood in giant's footsteps.


Radicalism:
	The conservatism of tomorrow injected into the affairs of today.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


Everything bows to success, even grammar.


Hear about...
	the guy who couldn't find his way to the orgy?  Just kind of lost
	his ball bearings.


The only promotion rules I can think of are that a sense of shame is to
be avoided at all costs and there is never any reason for a hustler to
be less cunning than more virtuous men.  Oh yes ... whenever you think
you've got something really great, add ten per cent more.
		-- Bill Veeck


That girl could suck the chrome off a bumper.


Math is like love -- a simple idea but it can get complicated.
		-- R. Drabek


A is for awk, which runs like a snail, and
B is for biff, which reads all your mail.
C is for cc, as hackers recall, while
D is for dd, the command that does all.
E is for emacs, which rebinds your keys, and
F is for fsck, which rebuilds your trees.
G is for grep, a clever detective, while
H is for halt, which may seem defective.
I is for indent, which rarely amuses, and
J is for join, which nobody uses.
K is for kill, which makes you the boss, while
L is for lex, which is missing from DOS.
M is for more, from which less was begot, and
N is for nice, which it really is not.
O is for od, which prints out things nice, while
P is for passwd, which reads in strings twice.
Q is for quota, a Berkeley-type fable, and
R is for ranlib, for sorting ar table.
S is for spell, which attempts to belittle, while
T is for true, which does very little.
U is for uniq, which is used after sort, and
V is for vi, which is hard to abort.
W is for whoami, which tells you your name, while
X is, well, X, of dubious fame.
Y is for yes, which makes an impression, and
Z is for zcat, which handles compression.
		-- THE ABC'S OF UNIX


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#17

Shoes:
	 The average man has 4 pairs of footwear: running shoes, dress shoes,
boots, and slippers.  The average woman has shoes 4 layers thick on the floor
of her closet.  Most of them hurt her feet.

Making friends:
	 A woman will meet another woman with common interests, do a few things
together, and say something like, "I hope we can be good friends."
	A man will meet another man with common interests, do a few things
together, and say nothing.  After years of interacting with this other man,
sharing hopes and fears that he wouldn't confide in his priest or
psychiatrist, he'll finally let down his guard in a fit of drunken
sentimentality and say something like, "You know, for someone who's such a
jerk, I guess you're OK."


I think we're all Bozos on this bus.
		-- The Firesign Theatre


I do not know where to find in any literature, whether ancient or modern,
any adequate account of that nature with which I am acquainted.  Mythology
comes nearest to it of any.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


Remember when you were a kid and the boys didn't like the girls?  Only
sissies liked girls?  What I'm trying to tell you is that nothing's
changed.  You think boys grow out of not liking girls, but we don't
grow out of it.  We just grow horny.  That's the problem.  We mix up
liking pussy for liking girls.  Believe me, one couldn't have less to
do with the other.
		-- Jules Feiffer


FORTRAN is a good example of a language
which is easier to parse using ad hoc techniques.
		-- D. Gries
		   [What's good about it?  Ed.]


If Patrick Henry thought that taxation without representation was bad,
he should see how bad it is with representation.


In case of injury notify your superior immediately.
He'll kiss it and make it better.


Buffy:	Am I repulsive?  If there was something repulsive about me, you'd
	tell me right?
Willow:	I'm your friend.  I would call you repulsive in a second.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Harsh Light of Day"
		   Season 1, Episode 3


Little Fly,
Thy summer's play		If thought is life
My thoughtless hand		And strength & breath,
Has brush'd away.		And the want
				Of thought is death,
Am not I
A fly like thee?		Then am I
Or art not thou			A happy fly
A man like me?			If I live
				Or if I die.

For I dance
And drink & sing,
Till some blind hand
Shall brush my wing.
		-- William Blake, "The Fly"


My analyst told me that I was right out of my head,
	But I said, "Dear Doctor, I think that it is you instead.
Because I have got a thing that is unique and new,
	To prove it I'll have the last laugh on you.
'Cause instead of one head -- I've got two.

And you know two heads are better than one.


Savage's Law of Expediency:
	You want it bad, you'll get it bad.


Since I hurt my pendulum
My life is all erratic.
My parrot who was cordial
Is now transmitting static.
The carpet died, a palm collapsed,
The cat keeps doing poo.
The only thing that keeps me sane
Is talking to my shoe.
		-- My Shoe


First there was Dial-A-Prayer, then Dial-A-Recipe, and even Dial-A-Footballer.
But the south-east Victorian town of Sale has produced one to top them all.
Dial-A-Wombat.
	It all began early yesterday when Sale police received a telephone
call: "You won't believe this, and I'm not drunk, but there's a wombat in the
phone booth outside the town hall," the caller said.
	Not firmly convinced about the caller's claim to sobriety, members of
the constabulary drove to the scene, expecting to pick up a drunk.
	But there it was, an annoyed wombat, trapped in a telephone booth.
	The wombat, determined not to be had the better of again, threw its
bulk into the fray. It was eventually lassoed and released in a nearby scrub.
	Then the officers received another message ... another wombat in
another phone booth.
	There it was: *Another* angry wombat trapped in a telephone booth.
	The constables took the miffed marsupial into temporary custody and
released it, too, in the scrub.
	But on their way back to the station they happened to pass another
telephone booth, and -- you guessed it -- another imprisoned wombat.
	After some serious detective work, the lads in blue found a suspect,
and after questioning, released him to be charged on summons.
	Their problem ... they cannot find a law against placing wombats in
telephone booths.
		-- "Newcastle Morning Herald", NSW Australia, Aug 1980


Don't talk to me about naval tradition.  It's nothing but rum,
sodomy and the lash.
		-- Winston Churchill


Through a major bureaucratic error, you are made county coroner.
You seriously consider the job because it gives you:

	1: Lots of unclaimed wedding rings and watches.
	2: Lots of gold fillings and bridges.
	3: Free blood.
	4: A constantly changing array of new friends who aren't at
	   all stuffy about what happens to their genitalia.


To restore a sense of reality, I think
Walt Disney should have a Hardluckland.
		-- Jack Paar


In wine there is truth (In vino veritas).
		-- Pliny


A mouse is an elephant built by the Japanese.


Upon leaving a hotel bar one evening, an executive noticed a drunk sitting
on the edge of a potted palm in the lobby, crying like a baby.  Because he'd
had a couple himself that night, and was feeling rather sorry for his fellow
man, he asked the inebriated one what the trouble was.
	"I did a terrible thing tonight," sniffled the drunk.  "I sold my
wife to a guy for a bottle of Scotch."
	"That is terrible," said the man, too much under the weather to
muster any real indignation.  "And now that she's gone, you wish you had her
back."
	"Thas right," said the drunk, still sniffling.
	"You're sorry you sold her, because you realize too late that you
love her," sympathized the executive.
	"No, no," said the drunk.  "I wish I had her back because I'm
thirsty again."


Happiness is good health and a bad memory.
		-- Ingrid Bergman


For perfect happiness, remember two things:
	(1) Be content with what you've got.
	(2) Be sure you've got plenty.


It turned out that the worm exploited three or four different holes in the
system.  From this, and the fact that we were able to capture and examine
some of the source code, we realized that we were dealing with someone very
sharp, probably not someone here on campus.
		-- Dr. Richard LeBlanc, associate professor of ICS, in
		   Georgia Tech's campus newspaper after the Internet worm.


We ARE as gods and might as well get good at it.
		-- Whole Earth Catalog


You have the capacity to learn from mistakes.
You'll learn a lot today.


Gravity is a myth, the Earth sucks.


Living on Earth may be expensive, but it
includes an annual free trip around the Sun.


It is against the law for a monster to enter the corporate limits of
Urbana, Illinois.


Beggars should be no choosers.
		-- John Heywood


And do you think (fop that I am) that I could be the Scarlet Pumpernickel?


He's the kind of guy, that, well, if you were ever in a jam he'd
be there... with two slices of bread and some chunky peanut butter.


You're working under a slight handicap.
You happen to be human.


Once upon a time there was a farmer who had borrowed a bull to service his
two cows.  He put all three animals on a meadow and sent little Johnny to
observe and report any success.  A short time later, little Johnny came
running towards the house shouting: "Daddy, Daddy, the bull just fucked the
white cow!"
	The father took little Johnny aside and said: "Look, kid, it's
alright if you use that kind of language around me, but the reverend is
going to be visiting soon.  So next time, please use another word; just
say that the bull "surprised" the cow."
	Johnny agreed and went back to observe any progress.  A little
while later, while the preacher was talking to the farmer, little Johnny
came a-running again, shouting: "Daddy, Daddy!"
	The father, trying to avoid embarrassing the preacher, said: "I
know, the bull surprised the brown cow."
	Little Johnny replied: "He sure did, he fucked the white one again!"


If for every rule there is an exception, then we have established that there
is an exception to every rule.  If we accept "For every rule there is an
exception" as a rule, then we must concede that there may not be an exception
after all, since the rule states that there is always the possibility of
exception, and if we follow it to its logical end we must agree that there
can be an exception to the rule that for every rule there is an exception.
		-- Bill Boquist


I call Christianity the one great curse, the one enormous and innermost
perversion, the one great instinct of revenge, for which no means are
too venomous, too underhand, too underground and too petty -- I call it
the one immortal blemish of mankind.
		-- Fredrich Nietzsche


The Poet Whose Badness Saved His Life
	The most important poet in the seventeenth century was George
Wither.  Alexander Pope called him "wretched Wither" and Dryden said of his
verse that "if they rhymed and rattled all was well".
	In our own time, "The Dictionary of National Biography" notes that his
work "is mainly remarkable for its mass, fluidity and flatness.  It usually
lacks any genuine literary quality and often sinks into imbecile doggerel".
	High praise, indeed, and it may tempt you to savour a typically
rewarding stanza: It is taken from "I loved a lass" and is concerned with
the higher emotions.
		She would me "Honey" call,
		She'd -- O she'd kiss me too.
		But now alas!  She's left me
		Falero, lero, loo.
	Among other details of his mistress which he chose to immortalize
was her prudent choice of footwear.
		The fives did fit her shoe.
	In 1639 the great poet's life was endangered after his capture by
the Royalists during the English Civil War.  When Sir John Denham, the
Royalist poet, heard of Wither's imminent execution, he went to the King and
begged that his life be spared.  When asked his reason, Sir John replied,
"Because that so long as Wither lived, Denham would not be accounted the
worst poet in England."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Fay: The British police force used to be run by men of integrity.
Truscott: That is a mistake which has been rectified.
		-- Joe Orton, "Loot"


A man is marooned on a desert island with a female sheep and a male Doberman
for companionship.  The animals soon get it on sexually, and all goes well
until the man becomes unbearably horny and makes his move for the ewe, at
which point the dog interposes himself, snarling, fangs bared.  Months later,
a raft drifts into sight.  The sailor swims out, finds a beautiful girl on it,
takes her to shore and feeds and comforts her.
	"You are so good to me," she responds gratefully.  "I'd do absolutely
anything to show my gratitude."
	"Would you?" smiles the sailor as he unfastens the length of rope
that holds up his ragged pants.  "Well, then, here -- use this as a leash
and take that damn dog for a walk!"


The hope that springs eternal
Springs right up your behind.
		-- Ian Drury, "This Is What We Find"


Destiny is a good thing to accept when it's going your way. When it isn't,
don't call it destiny; call it injustice, treachery, or simple bad luck.
		-- Joseph Heller, "God Knows"


Honi soit la vache qui rit.


In the war of wits, he's unarmed.


An Hacker there was, one of the finest sort
Who controlled the system; graphics was his sport.
A manly man, to be a wizard able;
Many a protected file he had sitting on his table.
His console, when he typed, a man might hear
Clicking and feeping wind as clear,
Aye, and as loud as does the machine room bell
Where my lord Hacker was Prior of the cell.
The Rule of good St Savage or St Doeppnor
As old and strict he tended to ignore;
He let go by the things of yesterday
And took the modern world's more spacious way.
He did not rate that text as a plucked hen
Which says that Hackers are not holy men.
And that a hacker underworked is a mere
Fish out of water, flapping on the pier.
That is to say, a hacker out of his cloister.
That was a text he held not worth an oyster.
And I agreed and said his views were sound;
Was he to study till his head wend round
Poring over books in the cloisters?  Must he toil
As Andy bade and till the very soil?
Was he to leave the world upon the shelf?
Let Andy have his labor to himself!
		-- Chaucer
		   [well, almost.  Ed.]


Obviously the only rational solution to your problem is suicide.


In order to live free and happily, you must sacrifice boredom.
It is not always an easy sacrifice.


Nasrudin returned to his village from the imperial capital, and the villagers
gathered around to hear what had passed.  "At this time," said Nasrudin, "I
only want to say that the King spoke to me."  All the villagers but the
stupidest ran off to spread the wonderful news.  The remaining villager
asked, "What did the King say to you?"  "What he said -- and quite distinctly,
for everyone to hear -- was 'Get out of my way!'" The simpleton was overjoyed;
he had heard words actually spoken by the King, and seen the very man they
were spoken to.


The moyel who treated young Alec
Was cross-eyed and hydrocephalic.
	Presented the child
	His aim was so wild
He rendered the poor boy biphallic.


Do something unusual today.  Pay a bill.


The worst is not so long as we can say "This is the worst."
		-- King Lear


You have an unusual equipment for success.
Be sure to use it properly.


There's more than one way to skin a cat:
	#33 -- A bicycle pump.


Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	Go away.  You bother me.
	Why?  Because life is unfair.
	That's a nice drawing.  What is it?
	Children should be seen and not heard.
	You'll be the death of me.
	You'll understand when you're older.
	Because.
	Wipe that smile off your face.
	I don't believe you.
	How many times have I told you to be careful?
	Just because.


I have a switch in my apartment that doesn't do anything.  Every once
in a while I turn it on and off.  On and off.  On and off.  One day I
got a call from a woman in France who said "Cut it out!"
		-- Steven Wright


There are twenty-five people left in the world,
and twenty-seven of them are hamburgers.
		-- Ed Sanders


Life is like an onion: you peel off layer after
layer and then you find there is nothing in it.
		-- James Huneker


Life begins at the centerfold and expands outward.
		-- Miss November, 1966


He who knows, does not speak.  He who speaks, does not know.
		-- Lao Tsu


In 1869 the waffle iron was invented for people who had wrinkled
waffles.


Living here in Rio, I have lots of coffees to choose from.  And when
you're on the lam like me, you appreciate a good cup of coffee.
		-- "Great Train Robber" Ronald Biggs' coffee commercial


Duckies are fun!


What if there had been room at the inn?
		-- Linda Festa on the origins of Christianity


rain falls where clouds come
sun shines where clouds go
clouds just come and go
		-- Florian Gutzwiller


On the breast of a lady named Gail,
Was tattooed the price of her tail.
	And on her behind,
	For the sake of the blind,
Was the same information -- in Braille.


	A man dies and is getting his tour of heaven.  His guide is pointing
out the various features and landmarks when the man asks, "What's that cliff?"
	"Oh, you don't want to look down there.  That's hell!"
	The man creeps up to the edge and looks over.  He sees lush, green
valleys, verdant farmland and trees everywhere.  "This doesn't look so bad,"
he says.
	Puzzled, the guide comes over and looks down.  "Damn!" he snaps,
"Those Mormons have been irrigating again!"


The trouble with heart disease is that the first
symptom is often hard to deal with: death.
		-- Michael Phelps


	"Jean, what is this attraction between Catholic girls and
Jewish men?"
	"You really want to know?"
	"Yeah."
	"Well, Carol, Jewish men are great in bed... right, Bob?  And
Catholic girls fuck like bunnies."


Short man who dance with tall woman gets bust in mouth.


I may kid around about drugs, but really, I take them seriously.
		-- Doctor Graper


We sailed on the good ship Venus,
My God, you should have seen us
	With a figurehead
	Of a whore in bed
And the mast an upright penis

The captain of the lugger
Was known as a filthy bugger
	Declared unfit
	To shovel shit
From one ship to another

The first mate's name was Cooper,
By god he was a trooper
	He jerked and jerked
	Until he worked
Himself into a stupor

The cabin boy was chipper,
A dandy little nipper
	He shoved cracked glass
	Inside his ass
And circumcised the skipper

The captain's wife was Charlotte,
Born and bred a harlot
	Her thighs at night
	Were lily white
By morning they were scarlet

The captain's youngest daughter
Slipped into the water
	Her plaintive squeals
	Announced that eels
Had found her sexual quarter

The ship's dog's name was Rover,
They turned the poor beast over
	And ground and ground
	That faithful hound
From Tenerief to Dover


The major sin is the sin of being born.
		-- Samuel Beckett


America works less, when you say "Union Yes!"


The hearing ear is always found close to the speaking tongue, a custom
whereof the memory of man runneth not howsomever to the contrary, nohow.


Occident, n.:
	The part of the world lying west (or east) of the Orient.  It is
	largely inhabited by Christians, powerful sub-tribe of the
	Hypocrites, whose principal industries are murder and cheating,
	which they are pleased to call "war" and "commerce."  These, also,
	are the principal industries of the Orient.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The climate of Bombay is such that its inhabitants have to live elsewhere.


Coincidence, n.:
	You weren't paying attention to the other half of what was
	going on.


This is lemma 1.1.  We start a new chapter so the numbers all go back
to one.
		-- Prof. Seager, C&O 351


A child of five could understand this!  Fetch me a child of five.


A mathematician, a doctor, and an engineer are walking on the beach and
observe a team of lifeguards pumping the stomach of a drowned woman.  As
they watch, water, sand, snails and such come out of the pump.
	The doctor watches for a while and says: "Keep pumping, men, you may
yet save her!!"
	The mathematician does some calculations and says: "According to my
understanding of the size of that pump, you have already pumped more water
from her body than could be contained in a cylinder 4 feet in diameter and
6 feet high."
	The engineer says: "I think she's sitting in a puddle."


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(35) Rather than feel guilty as some do, you should thank God for making
     you an American.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


To win a woman in the first place one must please her, then undress her, and
then somehow get her clothes back on her.  Finally, so she will allow you
to leave her, you've got to annoy her.
		-- Jean Giraudoux, "Amphitryon 38"


The whole of life is futile unless you
consider it as a sporting proposition.


If you float on instinct alone, how can you
calculate the buoyancy for the computed load?
		-- Christopher Hodder-Williams


	Bill had just returned from a week of honeymooning, and his best
friend asked him how it went.
	"The first night we did it nine times," Bill said.  "The second
night, eight times.  The third night, seven times.  The fourth night, six
times.  The fifth night, five times.  The sixth night, four times, and the
last night, nothing!"
	"Nothing?" his pal asked.  "How come?"
	"Hey, you ever tried putting a marshmallow in a parking meter?"


It's important that people know what you stand for.
It's more important that they know what you won't stand for.


An American scientist once visited the offices of the great Nobel prize
winning physicist, Niels Bohr, in Copenhagen.  He was amazed to find that
over Bohr's desk was a horseshoe, securely nailed to the wall, with the
open end up in the approved manner (so it would catch the good luck and not
let it spill out).  The American said with a nervous laugh,
	"Surely you don't believe the horseshoe will bring you good luck,
do you, Professor Bohr?  After all, as a scientist --"
Bohr chuckled.
	"I believe no such thing, my good friend.  Not at all.  I am
scarcely likely to believe in such foolish nonsense.  However, I am told
that a horseshoe will bring you good luck whether you believe in it or not."


Kill a commie for Christ!


Hearts will never be practical until they can be made unbreakable.
		-- Frank Morgan as The Wizard, "The Wizard of Oz"


According to convention there is a sweet and a bitter, a hot and a cold,
and according to convention, there is an order.  In truth, there are atoms
and a void.
		-- Democritus, 400 B.C.


Acting is an art which consists of keeping the audience from coughing.


HERE LIES LESTER MOORE
SHOT 4 TIMES WITH A .44
NO LES
NO MOORE
		-- tombstone, in Tombstone, AZ


There *is* no such thing as a civil engineer.


Character is what you are in the dark!
		-- Lord John Whorfin


CALIFORNIA:
	From Latin 'calor', meaning "heat" (as in English 'calorie' or
	Spanish 'caliente'); and 'fornia', for "sexual intercourse" or
	"fornication." Hence:  Tierra de California, "the land of hot sex."
		-- Ed Moran, Covina, California


There appears to be irrefutable evidence that
the mere fact of overcrowding induces violence.
		-- Harvey Wheeler


Uncle Ed's Rule of Thumb:
	Never use your thumb for a rule.
	You'll either hit it with a hammer or get a splinter in it.


Would you rather have a 5-inch hard or an 8-inch floppy?


I have nothing but utter contempt for the courts of this land.
		-- George Wallace


Alone, adj.:
	In bad company.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


In every hierarchy the cream rises until it sours.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


Too much of a good thing is WONDERFUL.
		-- Mae West


People who have what they want are very fond of telling people who haven't
what they want that they don't want it.
		-- Ogden Nash


A man may well bring a horse to the water,
but he cannot make him drink with he will.
		-- John Heywood


McGowan's Madison Avenue Axiom:
	If an item is advertised as "under $50",
	you can bet your ass it's not $19.95.


Can you buy friendship?  You not only can, you must.  It's the
only way to obtain friends.  Everything worthwhile has a price.
		-- Robert J. Ringer


Everything you know is wrong!


Washington, D.C: Fifty square miles almost completely surrounded by reality.


Better hope you get what you want before you stop wanting it.


A New York City ordinance prohibits the shooting of rabbits from the
rear of a Third Avenue street car -- if the car is in motion.


Cropp's Law:
	The amount of work done varies inversely
	with the time spent in the office.


The largest gay community in the U.S. (as a percentage of total population)
is not in San Francisco, but in Iowa Falls, Minnesota (pop. 763), a small
town in which virtually everyone is gay.  In 1976, a group of about 100
gays fleeing persecution in the South settled in the town, and soon won a
majority on the town council.  Ordinances prohibiting heterosexual acts
soon followed.  "After all," said mayor Harry Whalen, "If the Supreme Court
has refused to strike down laws prohibiting homosexual acts, then our
anti-straight laws are equally valid."  Rigorous enforcement of those laws
has resulted in a community that is now almost 100% gay.  Said one long-time
resident: "I've lived here 35 years and didn't want to leave, but I didn't
want to give up sex either.  Then my neighbor Ed came over one night, and
said how about I do it with him, and my wife Millie could do it with his
wife.  Well, I found it wasn't nearly as bad as I thought it was gonna be.
Fact is, I rather like it."


I thought YOU silenced the guard!


OK, so you're a Ph.D.  Just don't touch anything.


FORTUNE'S PARTY TIPS: #14

	Tired of finding that other people are helping themselves to
your good liquor at BYOB parties?  Take along a candle, which you insert
and light after you've opened the bottle.  No one ever expects anything
drinkable to be in a bottle which has a candle stuck in its neck.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(3) Peace does not mean the elimination of nuclear weapons.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


The best way to accelerate a Macintoy is at 9.8 meters per second, squared.


Q:	How do you keep an Aggie busy at a terminal?
A:	While he's not looking, switch it to "local".


The root of all superstition is that men
observe when a thing hits, but not when it misses.
		-- Francis Bacon


Smartness runs in my family.  When I went to school I was so smart my
teacher was in my class for five years.
		-- George Burns


	Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes of Harvard Medical School inhaled ether
at a time when it was popularly supposed to produce such mystical or
"mind-expanding" experiences, much as LSD is supposed to produce such
experiences today.  Here is his account of what happened:
	"I once inhaled a pretty full dose of ether, with the determination
to put on record, at the earliest moment of regaining consciousness, the
thought I should find uppermost in my mind.  The mighty music of the triumphal
march into nothingness reverberated through my brain, and filled me with a
sense of infinite possibilities, which made me an archangel for a moment.
The veil of eternity was lifted.  The one great truth which underlies all
human experience and is the key to all the mysteries that philosophy has
sought in vain to solve, flashed upon me in a sudden revelation.  Henceforth
all was clear: a few words had lifted my intelligence to the level of the
knowledge of the cherubim.  As my natural condition returned, I remembered
my resolution; and, staggering to my desk, I wrote, in ill-shaped, straggling
characters, the all-embracing truth still glimmering in my consciousness.
The words were these (children may smile; the wise will ponder):
`A strong smell of turpentine prevails throughout.'"
		-- The Consumers Union Report: Licit & Illicit Drugs


The Least Successful Defrosting Device
	The all-time record here is held by Mr. Peter Rowlands of Lancaster
whose lips became frozen to his lock in 1979 while blowing warm air on it.
	"I got down on my knees to breathe into the lock.  Somehow my lips
got stuck fast."
	While he was in the posture, an old lady passed an inquired if he
was all right.  "Alra?  Igmmlptk", he replied at which point she ran away.
	"I tried to tell her what had happened, but it came out sort of...
muffled," explained Mr. Rowlands, a pottery designer.
	He was trapped for twenty minutes ("I felt a bit foolish") until
constant hot breathing brought freedom.  He was subsequently nicknamed "Hot
Lips".
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


The Shah of the Empire of Persia
Lay for days in a sexual merger.
	When the nautch asked the Shah,
	"Won't you ever withdraw?"
He replied with a yawn, "It's inertia."


Some of the greatest love affairs I've known have involved one actor,
unassisted.
		-- Wilson Mizner


We're deep into the holiday gift-giving season, as you can tell from
the fact that everywhere you look, you see jolly old St. Nick urging
you to purchase things, to the point where you want to slug him right
in his bowl full of jelly.
		-- Dave Barry, "Simple, Homespun Gifts"


And yet I should have dearly liked, I own, to have touched her lips; to
have questioned her, that she might have opened them; to have looked upon
the lashes of her downcast eyes, and never raised a blush; to have let
loose waves of hair, an inch of which would be a keepsake beyond price:
in short, I should have liked, I do confess, to have had the lightest
license of a child, and yet been man enough to know its value.
		-- Charles Dickens


