Molecule, n.:
	The ultimate, indivisible unit of matter.  It is distinguished from
	the corpuscle, also the ultimate, indivisible unit of matter, by a
	closer resemblance to the atom, also the ultimate, indivisible unit
	of matter...  The ion differs from the molecule, the corpuscle and
	the atom in that it is an ion...
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Television is a whore.  Any man who wants her full favors can have them
in five minutes with a pistol.
		-- Hijacker, quoted in "Esquire"


Diogenes, having abandoned his search for
truth, is now searching for a good fantasy.


The real problem with hunting elephants carrying the decoys.


If God hadn't intended man to eat pussy,
would He have made it look like a taco?


There's little in taking or giving,
	There's little in water or wine:
This living, this living, this living,
	Was never a project of mine.
Oh, hard is the struggle, and sparse is
	The gain of the one at the top,
For art is a form of catharsis,
	And love is a permanent flop,
And work is the province of cattle,
	And rest's for a clam in a shell,
So I'm thinking of throwing the battle --
	Would you kindly direct me to hell?
		-- Dorothy Parker


The pitcher wound up and he flang the ball at the batter.  The batter swang
and missed.  The pitcher flang the ball again and this time the batter
connected.  He hit a high fly right to the center fielder. The center
fielder was all set to catch the ball, but at the last minute his eyes were
blound by the sun and he dropped it.
		-- Dizzy Dean


VOLCANO:
	A mountain with hiccups.


A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains.


A doctor was stranded with a lawyer in a leaky life raft in shark-infested
waters. The doctor tried to swim ashore but was eaten by the sharks. The
lawyer, however, swam safely past the bloodthirsty sharks.  "Professional
courtesy," he explained.


Hate the sin and love the sinner.
		-- Mahatma Gandhi


Economist, n.:
	Someone who's good with figures, but doesn't have enough
	personality to become an accountant.


And prively he caughte hire by the queynte,
And heeld hire harde by the haunche-bones.
		-- Geoffrey Chaucer, "The Miller's Tale"


I cannot believe that God plays dice with the cosmos.
		-- Albert Einstein, on the randomness of quantum mechanics


Never pay a compliment as if expecting a receipt.


All [zoos] actually offer to the public in return for the taxes spent
upon them is a form of idle and witless amusement, compared to which a
visit to a penitentiary, or even to a State legislature in session, is
informing, stimulating and ennobling.
		-- H. L. Mencken


What fools these mortals be.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca


I can't stand this proliferation of paperwork.  It's useless to fight the
forms.  You've got to kill the people producing them.
		-- Vladimir Kabaidze, general director of the Ivanovo Machine
		   Building Works (near Moscow) in a speech to the Communist
		   Party Conference


It's so fuckin' great to be alive!


Don't interfere with the stranger's style.


Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
		-- Salvor Hardin


The townspeople stood in despair as the fire that had begun in a diner
threatened to spread to adjoining homes.  Just then, a truck filled with
farm workers came speeding down a hill toward the fire.  The crowd moved
back and the truck drove right into the thickest of the flames.  The workers
jumped out and beat at the fire with their coats, miraculously bringing the
blaze under control.
	The city fathers were so grateful for the men's heroism that they
gave each a plaque and $1000.  After the ceremony, newsmen interviewed the
driver and asked him what he was going to do with the money.
	"You can be damned sure the first thing I'm gonna do," he replied,
"is get the brakes fixed on that son-of-a-bitchin' truck!"


The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement. But the opposite
of a profound truth may well be another profound truth.
		-- Niels Bohr


I could never learn to like her --
except on a raft at sea with no other provisions in sight.
		-- Mark Twain


We don't need no education, we don't need no thought control.
		-- Pink Floyd


You will be run over by a beer truck.


But scientists, who ought to know
Assure us that it must be so.
Oh, let us never, never doubt
What nobody is sure about.
		-- Hilaire Belloc


The Great Movie Posters:

KATHERINE HEPBURN as the lying, stealing, singing, preying witch girl
of the Ozarks... "Low down white trash"?  Maybe so -- but let her hear
you say it and she'll break your head to prove herself a lady!
		-- Spitfire (1934)

Do Native Women Live With Apes?
		-- Love Life of a Gorilla (1937)

JUNGLE KISS!!
	When she looked into his eyes, felt his arms around her -- she
was no longer Tura, mysterious white goddess of the jungle tribes --
she was no longer the frozen-hearted high priestess under whose hypnotic
spell the worshipers of the great crocodile god meekly bowed -- she
was a girl in love!
	SEE the ravening charge of the hundred scared CROCODILES!
		-- Her Jungle Love (1938)

LOVE! HATE! JOY! FEAR! TORMENT! PANIC! SHAME! RAGE!
		-- Intermezzo (1939)


Don't suspect your friends -- turn them in!
		-- "Brazil"


Speak roughly to your little VAX,
	And boot it when it crashes;
It knows that one cannot relax
	Because the paging thrashes!

		Wow!  Wow!  Wow!

I speak severely to my VAX,
	And boot it when it crashes;
In spite of all my favorite hacks
	My jobs it always thrashes!

		Wow!  Wow!  Wow!


While anyone can admit to themselves they were
wrong, the true test is admission to someone else.


Most of the fear that spoils our life comes from attacking
difficulties before we get to them.
		-- Dr. Frank Crane


The most important early product on the way
to developing a good product is an imperfect version.


I can't stand this proliferation of paperwork.  It's useless to fight the
forms.  You've got to kill the people producing them.
		-- Vladimir Kabaidze, general director of the Ivanovo Machine
		   Building Works (near Moscow) in a speech to the Communist
		   Party Conference


Some primal termite knocked on wood.
And tasted it, and found it good.
And that is why your Cousin May
Fell through the parlor floor today.
		-- Ogden Nash


DALLAS:
	The city that chose Astroturf to
	keep the cheerleaders from grazing.


	"And what will you do when you grow up to be as big as me?"
asked the father of his little son.
	"Diet."


A virginal is a harpsichord that has never been plucked.


You should never wear your best trousers
when you go out to fight for freedom and liberty.
		-- Henrik Ibsen


BEWARE!  People acting under the influence of human nature.


Most of the fear that spoils our life comes from attacking
difficulties before we get to them.
		-- Dr. Frank Crane


	The FIELD GUIDE to NORTH AMERICAN MALES

SPECIES:	Cranial Males
SUBSPECIES:	The Hacker (homo computatis)
Plumage:
	All clothes have a slightly crumpled look as though they came off the
	top of the laundry basket.  Style varies with status.  Hacker managers
	wear gray polyester slacks, pink or pastel shirts with wide collars,
	and paisley ties; staff wears cinched-up baggy corduroy pants, white
	or blue shirts with button-down collars, and penholder in pocket.
	Both managers and staff wear running shoes to work, and a black
	plastic digital watch with calculator.


An American scientist once visited the offices of the great Nobel prize
winning physicist, Niels Bohr, in Copenhagen.  He was amazed to find that
over Bohr's desk was a horseshoe, securely nailed to the wall, with the
open end up in the approved manner (so it would catch the good luck and not
let it spill out).  The American said with a nervous laugh,
	"Surely you don't believe the horseshoe will bring you good luck,
do you, Professor Bohr?  After all, as a scientist --"
Bohr chuckled.
	"I believe no such thing, my good friend.  Not at all.  I am
scarcely likely to believe in such foolish nonsense.  However, I am told
that a horseshoe will bring you good luck whether you believe in it or not."


The road to ruin is always in good repair,
and the travellers pay the expense of it.
		-- Josh Billings


The Ten Commandments for Technicians:
	1:  Beware the lightening that lurketh in the undischarged
	    capacitor, lest it cause thee to bounce upon thy buttocks in a
	    most untechnician-like manner.

	7: Work thou not on energized equipment, for if thou dost, thy
	    fellow workers will surely buy beers for thy widow and console
	    her in other ways.


Teach children to be polite and courteous in the home, and,
when they grow up, they won't be able to edge a car onto a freeway.


When his company fell on hard times, the boss realized that he'd have to
lay off one of his two middle managers.  As both Jack and Liz were equally
honest and dedicated to their jobs, he was unable to decide which one to
fire.  To resolve his dilemma, the boss arbitrarily decided that the first
to leave his or her desk the next morning would be the one to get the ax.
	The next morning found Liz at her desk, rubbing her temples.  Asking
Jack for some aspirin, she headed for the water fountain and that's where
the boss caught up with her.  "I've got some bad news for you, Liz," he said.
"I've got to lay you or Jack off."
	"Jack off," she snapped.  "I have a headache."


When a person goes on a diet, the first thing he loses is his temper.


You will think of something funnier than this to add to the fortunes.


Girls are better looking in snowstorms.
		-- Archie Goodwin


I used to work in a fire hydrant factory.  You couldn't park anywhere near
the place.
		-- Steven Wright


You have the power to influence all with whom you come in contact.


QOTD:
	"I used to be an idealist, but I got mugged by reality."


Waking a person unnecessarily should not be considered
a capital crime.  For a first offense, that is.


The superfluous is very necessary.
		-- Voltaire


A wise man can see more from the bottom
of a well than a fool can from a mountain top.


Il y avait une madame de Lahore
Dont la figure n'etait la meilleure,
	Mais la vagine tres forte,
	Toujours ouverte la porte,
Encore, et encore, et encore.


Claret is the liquor for boys; port for men; but he who
aspires to be a hero... must drink brandy.
		-- Samuel Johnson


nohup rm -fr /&


The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement. But the opposite
of a profound truth may well be another profound truth.
		-- Niels Bohr


I've got a very bad feeling about this.
		-- Han Solo


Under every stone lurks a politician.
		-- Aristophanes


Look before you leap.
		-- Samuel Butler


The townspeople stood in despair as the fire that had begun in a diner
threatened to spread to adjoining homes.  Just then, a truck filled with
farm workers came speeding down a hill toward the fire.  The crowd moved
back and the truck drove right into the thickest of the flames.  The workers
jumped out and beat at the fire with their coats, miraculously bringing the
blaze under control.
	The city fathers were so grateful for the men's heroism that they
gave each a plaque and $1000.  After the ceremony, newsmen interviewed the
driver and asked him what he was going to do with the money.
	"You can be damned sure the first thing I'm gonna do," he replied,
"is get the brakes fixed on that son-of-a-bitchin' truck!"


Mother is the invention of necessity.


He was a modest, good-humored boy.  It was Oxford that made him
insufferable.


Nobody is one block of harmony.  We are all afraid of something, or feel
limited in something.  We all need somebody to talk to.  It would be good
if we talked to each other--not just pitter-patter, but real talk.  We
shouldn't be so afraid, because most people really like this contact;
that you show you are vulnerable makes them free to be vulnerable too.
It's so much easier to be together when we drop our masks.
		-- Liv Ullman


We are going to have peace even if we have to fight for it.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


A man took his wife deer hunting for the first time.  After he'd given her
some basic instructions, they agreed to separate and rendezvous later.  Before
he left, he warned her if she should fell a deer to be wary of hunters who
might beat her to the carcass and claim the kill.  If that happened, he told
her, she should fire her gun three times into the air and he would come to
her aid.
	Shortly after they separated, he heard a single shot, followed quickly
by the agreed upon signal.  Running to the scene, he found his wife standing
in a small clearing with a very nervous man staring down her gun barrel.
	"He claims this is his," she said, obviously very upset.
	"She can keep it, she can keep it!" the wide-eyed man replied.  "I
just want to get my saddle back!"


Congratulations are in order for Tom Reid.

He says he just found out he is the winner of the 2021 Psychic of the
Year award.


General notions are generally wrong.
		-- Lady M. W. Montagu


The less time planning, the more time programming.


Those who can, do; those who can't, write.
Those who can't write work for the Bell Labs Record.


Oxygen is a very toxic gas and an extreme fire hazard.  It is fatal in
concentrations of as little as 0.000001 p.p.m.  Humans exposed to the
oxygen concentrations die within a few minutes.  Symptoms resemble very
much those of cyanide poisoning (blue face, etc.).  In higher
concentrations, e.g. 20%, the toxic effect is somewhat delayed and it
takes about 2.5 billion inhalations before death takes place.  The reason
for the delay is the difference in the mechanism of the toxic effect of
oxygen in 20% concentration.  It apparently contributes to a complex
process called aging, of which very little is known, except that it is
always fatal.

However, the main disadvantage of the 20% oxygen concentration is in the
fact it is habit forming.  The first inhalation (occurring at birth) is
sufficient to make oxygen addiction permanent.  After that, any
considerable decrease in the daily oxygen doses results in death with
symptoms resembling those of cyanide poisoning.

Oxygen is an extreme fire hazard.  All of the fires that were reported in
the continental U.S. for the period of the past 25 years were found to be
due to the presence of this gas in the atmosphere surrounding the buildings
in question.

Oxygen is especially dangerous because it is odorless, colorless and
tasteless, so that its presence can not be readily detected until it is
too late.
		-- Chemical & Engineering News February 6, 1956


Anthony's Law of Force:
	Don't force it; get a larger hammer.


You can't expect a boy to be vicious till he's been to a good school.
		-- H. H. Munro


Proof techniques #2: Proof by Oddity.
	SAMPLE: To prove that horses have an infinite number of legs.
(1) Horses have an even number of legs.
(2) They have two legs in back and fore legs in front.
(3) This makes a total of six legs, which certainly is an odd number of
    legs for a horse.
(4) But the only number that is both odd and even is infinity.
(5) Therefore, horses must have an infinite number of legs.

Topics to be covered in future issues include proof by:
	Intimidation
	Gesticulation (handwaving)
	"Try it; it works"
	Constipation (I was just sitting there and ...)
	Blatant assertion
	Changing all the 2's to _n's
	Mutual consent
	Lack of a counterexample, and
	"It stands to reason"


The only perfect science is hind-sight.


The best way to preserve a right is to exercise it, and the right to
smoke is a right worth dying for.


The Official MBA Handbook on doing company business on an airplane:

	Do not work openly on top-secret company cost documents unless
	you have previously ascertained that the passenger next to you
	is blind, a rock musician on mood-ameliorating drugs, or the
	unfortunate possessor of a forty-seventh chromosome.


Facts are the enemy of truth.
		-- Don Quixote


Said a happy young man of Fort Drum:
"What care I for this shortage of gum?
	My favorite chew
	Is a condom or two,
With a goodly amount of fresh come."


The Reverend Henry Ward Beecher
Called a hen a most elegant creature.
	The hen, pleased with that,
	Laid an egg in his hat --
And thus did the hen reward Beecher.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


All things being equal, you are bound to lose.


Oh, when I was in love with you,
	Then I was clean and brave,
And miles around the wonder grew
	How well did I behave.

And now the fancy passes by,
	And nothing will remain,
And miles around they'll say that I
	Am quite myself again.
		-- A. E. Housman


I've tried several varieties of sex.  The conventional position makes
me claustrophobic, and the others either give me a stiff neck or lockjaw.
		-- Tallulah Bankhead


A gorgeous young sophomore is having an affair with her English
professor.  She goes home to visit her family for Christmas vacation
and when she gets back, she immediately invites him over for the
night.  As soon as he walks through the door she hugs him and
asks, "Were you blue while I was away?"
	"Blown, my dear," the professor corrects her, "blown."


Hackers have kernel knowledge.


The most difficult years of marriage are those following the wedding.


667 -- The neighbor of the beast.


Philosophy will clip an angel's wings.
		-- John Keats


Clay's Conclusion:
	Creativity is great, but plagiarism is faster.


Mum's the word.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


When a man assumes a public trust, he
should consider himself as public property.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Don't put off for tomorrow what you can do today because
if you do it today, you can do it again tomorrow.


The three sexual positions during pregnancy.

During the first four months:	Missionary style
During the second four months:	Doggie style
And during the last month:	Coyote style

Coyote style?
	You sit by the hole and howl.


HELP!  MY TYPEWRITER IS BROKEN!
		-- E. E. CUMMINGS


Little Miss Muffet sat on a tuffet,
Eating her curds and whey.
Along came a spider,
And bit her right in the snatch.


To make an enemy, do someone a favor.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(21) Abortion is wrong.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


I went to the hardware store and bought some used paint.  It was in
the shape of a house.  I also bought some batteries, but they weren't
included.
		-- Steven Wright


The very remembrance of my former misfortune proves a new one to me.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


The gentlemen looked one another over with microscopic carelessness.


A woman's place is in the house... and in the Senate.


If Machiavelli were a programmer, he'd have worked for AT&T.


"I finally found out what my ranch foreman husband really meant,"
sobbed the recent bride, "when he told me he'd love me 'til the
cows came home."


TRANSFER:
	A promotion you receive on the condition that you leave town.


BEAUTY:
	What's in your eye when you have a bee in your hand.


And I suppose the little things are harder to get used to than the big
ones.  The big ones you get used to, you make up your mind to them.  The
little things come along unexpectedly, when you aren't thinking about
them, aren't braced against them.
		-- Marion Zimmer Bradley, "The Forbidden Tower"


	Never take a resume seriously.  Resumes only make money for the
people who write the resumes.  No resume ever tells an employer how many
times a job applicant has had the clap.
	Why, indeed, would anyone hire a person based on a resume written
by a professional liar?
	If the applicant is a man, the employer must ask only one question:
did the applicant go to TCU?
	If the applicant is a woman, the employer may simply ask: does she
have a tongue that can lick the paint off a dormitory wall?
		-- Dan Jenkins, "Baja Oklahoma"


And here I wait so patiently
Waiting to find out what price
You have to pay to get out of
Going thru all of these things twice
		-- Dylan, "Memphis Blues Again"


If women ran the military complex, would the missiles be shaped differently?


A drunk was sitting at the end of the bar in a popular singles' place,
watching a young, good-looking man working his way through the women.  The
guy didn't appear to be having much luck, and he was only spending a few
moments with each woman.  As he worked his way closer, while he couldn't
hear what the young man was saying, he realized that the women were somewhat
shocked at his approach.  Finally, the man approaches a pretty brunette and
they hit it off immediately.  After a bit of quiet conversation, she handed
the young man her hotel key and they started off for the elevators.  As they
passed the drunk, he stopped the lucky one and asked him what his method was.
	"Well," the man replied, "It's simple.  You say 'Tickle your ass
with a feather?'  If she sounds interested, you take it from there.  If she
sounds angry, you smile and say 'Typically nasty weather.'"
	The drunk says "Ohhhhh, got it, I got it!" and walks over to a woman
at the end of the bar to try out his new approach.  Getting her attention,
he smiles and says "Fuck me!"
	"What?!?!?" she screams.
	"Raining like hell, isn't it?"


I get up each morning, gather my wits.
Pick up the paper, read the obits.
If I'm not there I know I'm not dead.
So I eat a good breakfast and go back to bed.

Oh, how do I know my youth is all spent?
My get-up-and-go has got-up-and-went.
But in spite of it all, I'm able to grin,
And think of the places my get-up has been.
		-- Pete Seeger


Where are the calculations that go with a calculated risk?


Roland was a warrior, from the land of the midnight sun,
With a Thompson gun for hire, fighting to be done.
The deal was made in Denmark, on a dark and stormy day,
So he set out for Biafra, to join the bloody fray.
Through sixty-six and seven, they fought the Congo war,
With their fingers on their triggers, knee deep in gore.
Days and nights they battled, the Bantu to their knees,
They killed to earn their living, and to help out the Congolese.
	Roland the Thompson gunner...
His comrades fought beside him, Van Owen and the rest,
But of all the Thompson gunners, Roland was the best.
So the C.I.A decided, they wanted Roland dead,
That son-of-a-bitch Van Owen, blew off Roland's head.
	Roland the headless Thompson gunner...
Roland searched the continent, for the man who'd done him in.
He found him in Mombasa, in a bar room drinking gin,
Roland aimed his Thompson gun, he didn't say a word,
But he blew Van Owen's body from there to Johannesburg.
The eternal Thompson gunner, still wandering through the night,
Now it's ten years later, but he stills keeps up the fight.
In Ireland, in Lebanon, in Palestine, in Berkeley,
Patty Hearst... heard the burst... of Roland's Thompson gun, and bought it.
		-- Warren Zevon, "Roland the Headless Thompson Gunner"


I can't stand this proliferation of paperwork.  It's useless to fight the
forms.  You've got to kill the people producing them.
		-- Vladimir Kabaidze, general director of the Ivanovo Machine
		   Building Works (near Moscow) in a speech to the Communist
		   Party Conference


If a camel is a horse designed by a committee, then a consensus forecast
is a camel's behind.
		-- Edgar R. Fiedler


Said the Duchess of Danzer at tea,
"Young man, do you fart when you pee?"
	I replied with some wit,
	"Do you belch when you shit?"
I think that was one up for me.


Q:	What's the difference between a Mac and an Etch-a-Sketch?
A:	You don't have to shake the Mac to clear the screen.


Yacc owes much to a most stimulating collection of users, who have
goaded me beyond my inclination, and frequently beyond my ability in
their endless search for "one more feature".  Their irritating
unwillingness to learn how to do things my way has usually led to my
doing things their way; most of the time, they have been right.
		-- Stephen C. Johnson, "Yacc guide acknowledgments"


Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
		-- Alexander Pope


Absence is to love what wind is to fire.  It extinguishes the small,
it enkindles the great.


Confidant, confidante, n.:
	One entrusted by A with the secrets of B, confided to himself by C.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?
		-- Pink Floyd


The reason that sex is so popular is that it's centrally located.


This is for all ill-treated fellows
	Unborn and unbegot,
For them to read when they're in trouble
	And I am not.
		-- A. E. Housman


When one wants to get rid of an unsupportable pressure, one needs hashish.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


I like paying taxes.  With them I buy civilization.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


Idiot Box, n.:
	The part of the envelope that tells a person where to place the
	stamp when they can't quite figure it out for themselves.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Hear about...
	the fellow who, upon being told by his shrewish wife that she
	would dance on his grave, promptly provided for a burial at sea?


In these matters the only certainty is that there is nothing certain.
		-- Pliny the Elder


Unless hours were cups of sack, and minutes capons, and clocks the tongues
of bawds, and dials the signs of leaping houses, and the blessed sun himself
a fair, hot wench in flame-colored taffeta, I see no reason why thou shouldst
be so superfluous to demand the time of the day.  I wasted time and now doth
time waste me.
		-- William Shakespeare


Give a man a free hand and he'll run it all over you.
		-- Mae West


DuPont, I.G., Monsanto, and Shell
Built a world-circling pussy cartel,
	And by planned obsolescence,
	So controlled detumescence,
A poor man could not get a smell.


I'd love to go out with you, but the last time I went out, I never
came back.


There's nothing like a good dose of another woman to make a man
appreciate his wife.
		-- Clare Booth Luce


Shhh... be vewy, vewy, quiet!  I'm hunting wabbits...


Dear Emily:
	I'm still confused as to what groups articles should be posted
to.  How about an example?
		-- Still Confused

Dear Still:
	Ok.  Let's say you want to report that Gretzky has been traded from
the Oilers to the Kings.  Now right away you might think rec.sport.hockey
would be enough.  WRONG.  Many more people might be interested.  This is a
big trade!  Since it's a NEWS article, it belongs in the news.* hierarchy
as well.  If you are a news admin, or there is one on your machine, try
news.admin.  If not, use news.misc.
	The Oilers are probably interested in geology, so try sci.physics.
He is a big star, so post to sci.astro, and sci.space because they are also
interested in stars.  Next, his name is Polish sounding.  So post to
soc.culture.polish.  But that group doesn't exist, so cross-post to
news.groups suggesting it should be created.  With this many groups of
interest, your article will be quite bizarre, so post to talk.bizarre as
well.  (And post to comp.std.mumps, since they hardly get any articles
there, and a "comp" group will propagate your article further.)
	You may also find it is more fun to post the article once in each
group.  If you list all the newsgroups in the same article, some newsreaders
will only show the article to the reader once!  Don't tolerate this.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette


DEADWOOD:
	Anyone in your company who is more senior than you are.


Crazee Edeee, his prices are INSANE!!!


The truth of a proposition has nothing to do with its credibility.
And vice versa.


This "brain-damaged" epithet is getting sorely overworked.  When we can
speak of someone or something being flawed, impaired, marred, spoiled;
batty, bedlamite, bonkers, buggy, cracked, crazed, cuckoo, daft, demented,
deranged, loco, lunatic, mad, maniac, mindless, non compos mentis, nuts,
Reaganite, screwy, teched, unbalanced, unsound, witless, wrong;  senseless,
spastic, spasmodic, convulsive; doped, spaced-out, stoned, zonked;  {beef,
beetle,block,dung,thick}headed, dense, doltish, dull, duncical, numskulled,
pinhead;  asinine, fatuous, foolish, silly, simple;  brute, lumbering, oafish;
half-assed, incompetent; backward, retarded, imbecilic, moronic; when we have
a whole precisely nuanced vocabulary of intellectual abuse to draw upon,
individually and in combination, isn't it a little <fill in the blank> to be
limited to a single, now quite trite, adjective?


