In the stairway of life, you'd best take the elevator.


I don't deserve this award, but I have arthritis and I don't
deserve that either.
		-- Jack Benny


Receiving a million dollars tax free will make you feel better than
being flat broke and having a stomach ache.
		-- Dolph Sharp, "I'm O.K., You're Not So Hot"


Bradley's Bromide:
	If computers get too powerful, we can organize
	them into a committee -- that will do them in.


The difference between her and the Titanic is that only 1100 men
went down on the Titanic.


A man would still do something out of sheer perversity - he would create
destruction and chaos - just to gain his point... and if all this could in
turn be analyzed and prevented by predicting that it would occur, then man
would deliberately go mad to prove his point.
		-- Feodor Dostoevsky, "Notes From the Underground"


About the only thing we have left that actually
discriminates in favor of the plain people is the stork.


A young woman was afflicted with three brothers who had a friendly competition
as to who was the best practical joker.  When she announced her marriage,
like all good brothers, they immediately found out where the honeymoon would
be and repaired there to do their worst, er, best.  The brother who was a
carpenter went first, and came back out in five minutes.  The brother who
worked as a plumber went second and was out in about half an hour.  Finally,
the brother employed as a dentist went inside and came out almost immediately.
A few days after the start of their sister's honeymoon the brothers each
received a telegram from their sister.  It read:

	I liked the couch falling apart when we sat on it.  I was amused
	when the shower went cold five minutes after it started.  But I'm
	going to kill whoever put the novocaine into the KY jelly...


By protracting life, we do not deduct one jot from the duration of death.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


I believe that the moment is near when by a procedure of active paranoiac
thought, it will be possible to systematize confusion and contribute to the
total discrediting of the world of reality.
		-- Salvador Dali


Many people feel that if you won't let
them make you happy, they'll make you suffer.


The more they over-think the plumbing
the easier it is to stop up the drain.


Psychoanalysis is that mental illness for which it regards itself
a therapy.
		-- Karl Kraus

Psychiatry is the care of the id by the odd.

Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you.
		-- Carl G. Jung


All flesh is grass.
		-- Isaiah 40:6
Smoke a friend today.


Why you say you no bunny rabbit when you have little powder-puff tail?
		-- The Tasmanian Devil


Check me if I'm wrong, Sandy, but if I kill all the golfers...
they're gonna lock me up and throw away the key!


I'm for peace -- I've yet to see a man wake up in the morning and say
"I've just had a good war."
		-- Mae West


Snow White:
	"Gee guys, I've always dreamed of getting ten inches...
	but not an inch-and-a-half at a time!"


What we cannot speak about we must pass over in silence.
		-- Wittgenstein


The penalty for laughing in a courtroom is six months in jail; if it
were not for this penalty, the jury would never hear the evidence.
		-- H. L. Mencken


There is perhaps in every thing of any consequence, secret history, which
it would be amusing to know, could we have it authentically communicated.
		-- James Boswell


Character density, n.:
	The number of very weird people in the office.


Disillusioned words like bullets bark,
As human gods aim for their mark,
Make everything from toy guns that spark
To flesh-colored christs that glow in the dark.
It's easy to see without looking too far
That not much is really sacred.


Falling in love is a lot like dying.
You never get to do it enough to become good at it.


If a putt passes over the hole without dropping, it is deemed to have dropped.
The law of gravity holds that any object attempting to maintain a position
in the atmosphere without something to support it must drop.  The law of
gravity supersedes the law of golf.
		-- Donald A. Metz


You are going to have a new love affair.


Promptness is its own reward, if one lives by the clock instead of the sword.


My Bonnie looked into a gas tank,
The height of its contents to see!
She lit a small match to assist her,
Oh, bring back my Bonnie to me.


It's ten o'clock; do you know where your processes are?


The greatest joy a man can know is to conquer his enemies and drive them
before him.  To ride their horses and take away their possessions.  To see
the faces of those who were dear to them bedewed with tears, and to clasp
their wives and daughters to his arms.
		-- Chinggis (Genghis) Khan


Science and religion are in full accord but
science and faith are in complete discord.


I would have made a good pope.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


What you mean, how old am I?  About one hundred!  But Viennese answer is
better: we say, "I keep passing the open windows."  This is an old joke.
There was a street clown called King of the Mice: he trained rodents, he
did horoscopes, he could impersonate Napoleon, he could make dogs fart
on command.  One night he jumped out his window with all his pets in a box.
Written on the box was this: "Life is serious, but art is fun!"  I hear his
funeral was a party.  A street artist had killed himself.  Nobody had
supported him but now everybody missed him.  Now who would make the dogs
make music and the mice pant?  The bear knows this, too: it is hard work
and great art to make life not so serious.
		-- John Irving "The Hotel New Hampshire"


The best number for a dinner party is two -- myself and a damn good
head waiter.
		-- Nubar Gulbenkian


In this world some people are going to like me and some are not.
So, I may as well be me.  Then I know if someone likes me, they like me.


C'est magnifique, mais ce n'est pas l'Informatique.
		-- Bosquet [on seeing the IBM 4341]


Tonight you will pay the wages of sin;
Don't forget to leave a tip.


* * * * * THIS TERMINAL IS IN USE * * * * *


The office brown-noser named Bunky
Would claim he was nobody's flunky.
	But when the chips were all down,
	His proboscis was brown,
And there hung many strands which were gunky.


May you have many beautiful and obedient daughters.


It's not just a computer -- it's your ass.
		-- Cal Keegan


The IRS spends God knows how much of your tax money on these toll-free
information hot lines staffed by IRS employees, whose idea of a
dynamite tax tip is that you should print neatly.  If you ask them a
real tax question, such as how you can cheat, they're useless.

So, for guidance, you want to look to big business.  Big business never
pays a nickel in taxes, according to Ralph Nader, who represents a big
consumer organization that never pays a nickel in taxes...
		-- Dave Barry, "Sweating Out Taxes"


In our civilization, and under our republican form of government, intelligence
is so highly honored that it is rewarded by exemption from the cares of office.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Live in a world of your own, but always welcome visitors.


The church is near but the road is icy,
the bar is far away but I will walk carefully.
		-- Russian Proverb


Someone will try to honk your nose today.


	At his sentencing, Herbie Sperling proved that he was the all-time
stand-up guy.
	Sperling's lawyer made a lengthy, impassioned plea for his client.
He talked of mercy, justice, humanity to fellow men who have chosen the wrong
path.  Yes, the crimes were serious, yes, Mr. Sperling deserves a prison
sentence, but the maximum sentence was not warranted.
	Then the judge turned to Sperling.  "Mr. Sperling, is there anything
you wish to say?"
	"Yes, Your Honor.  If you think I'm going to beg for mercy, you've
got another think coming.  You're all a bunch of fucking fascist cocksuckers,
you can all go to hell, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you..."
		-- Gregory Wallace, "Papa's Game"


The King plugged the Queen's ass with mustard
To make her fuck hot, but got flustered,
	And cried, "Oh, my dear,
	I am coming, I fear,
But the mustard will make you come `plus tard'."


Support wildlife -- vote for an orgy.


Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend: and inside a dog,
it's too dark to read.
		-- Groucho Marx


Voiceless it cries,
Wingless flutters,
Toothless bites,
Mouthless mutters.
What am I?


Whatever became of Strange de Jim?  Well, he found a substitute for
cocaine: "You cover Q-tips with sandpaper and ram them up your
nostrils as far as they will go.  Then you sniff talcum powder while
shredding hundred dollar bills."
		-- Herb Caen


The little old lady rushed into the taxidermist and unwrapped a package
containing two recently deceased monkeys.  Her instructions to the proprietor
were delivered in a welter of tears.
	"Favorite pets... (blubber,sob)... caught cold... (moan)...  Don't
see how I'll live without them... (weep,sob)... want to have them stuffed...
(blubber,blubber)!"
	"Of course, madam," said the proprietor in an understanding voice,
"and would you care to have them mounted?"
	"Oh, no," she sobbed, "shaking hands.  They were just close friends."


The reverse side also has a reverse side.
		-- Japanese proverb


From 0 to "what seems to be the problem officer" in 8.3 seconds.
		-- Ad for the new VW Corrado


	"Don't you think what we're doing is wrong?"
	"Of course it's wrong!  It's illegal!"
	"Well, I've never done anything illegal before."
	"... I thought you said you were an accountant."


If you are good, you will be assigned all the work.  If you are real
good, you will get out of it.


I think she must have been very strictly brought up, she's so
desperately anxious to do the wrong thing correctly.
		-- H. H. Munro, a.k.a. Saki, "Reginald on Worries"


What on earth would a man do with himself
if something did not stand in his way?
		-- H. G. Wells


It's not reality that's important, but how you perceive things.


Keep cool, but don't freeze.
		-- Hellman's Mayonnaise


Your love life will be happy and harmonious.


A rope lying over the top of a fence is the same length on each side.  It
weighs one third of a pound per foot.  On one end hangs a monkey holding a
banana, and on the other end a weight equal to the weight of the monkey.
The banana weighs two ounces per inch.  The rope is as long (in feet) as
the age of the monkey (in years), and the weight of the monkey (in ounces)
is the same as the age of the monkey's mother.  The combined age of the
monkey and its mother is thirty years.  One half of the weight of the monkey,
plus the weight of the banana, is one forth as much as the weight of the
weight and the weight of the rope.  The monkey's mother is half as old as
the monkey will be when it is three times as old as its mother was when she
was half as old as the monkey will be when it is as old as its mother
will be when she is four times as old as the monkey was when it was twice
as its mother was when she was one third as old as the monkey was when it
was old as is mother was when she was three times as old as the monkey was
when it was one fourth as old as it is now.  How long is the banana?


New Year's Eve is the time of year when a man most feels his
age, and his wife most often reminds him to act it.
		-- Webster's Unafraid Dictionary


Consider the following axioms carefully:
	"Everything's better when it sits on a Ritz."
	and
	"Everything's better with Blue Bonnet on it."
What happens if one spreads Blue Bonnet margarine on a Ritz cracker?  The
thought is frightening.  Is this how God came into being?  Try not to
consider the fact that "Things go better with Coke".


The bogosity meter just pegged.


Never negotiate with the United States unless you have a nuclear
weapon.
		-- Former deputy defense minister of India


The true way goes over a rope which is not stretched at any great
height but just above the ground.  It seems more designed to make
people stumble than to be walked upon.
		-- Franz Kafka


Last week I saw a girl in a sweater so tight I could hardly breathe.


The past always looks better than it was.
It's only pleasant because it isn't here.
		-- Finley Peter Dunne (Mr. Dooley)


You'll wish that you had done some of the
hard things when they were easier to do.


	In the beginning was the DEMO Project.  And the Project was
without form.  And darkness was upon the staff members thereof.  So
they spake unto their Division Head, saying, "It is a crock of shit,
and it stinks."

	And the Division Head spake unto his Department Head, saying,
"It is a crock of excrement and none may abide the odor thereof."  Now,
the Department Head spake unto his Directorate Head, saying, "It is a
container of excrement, and is very strong, such that none may abide
before it."  And it came to pass that the Directorate Head spake unto
the Assistant Technical Director, saying, "It is a vessel of fertilizer
and none may abide by its strength."

	And the assistant Technical Director spake thus unto the
Technical Director, saying, "It containeth that which aids growth and
it is very strong."  And, Lo, the Technical Director spake then unto
the Captain, saying, "The powerful new Project will help promote the
growth of the Laboratories."

	And the Captain looked down upon the Project, and He saw that
it was Good!


There is a new model of car being sold in San Francisco --
the pervertible.  The top doesn't go down, but the driver does.


Liberty is always dangerous, but it is the safest thing we have.
		-- Harry Emerson Fosdick


Your mode of life will be changed to EBCDIC.


Trying to get an education here is like
trying to take a drink from a fire hose.


What no spouse of a writer can ever understand
is that a writer is working when he's staring out the window.


Kamikazes do it once.


In case of fire, stand in the hall and shout "Fire!"
		-- The Kidner Report


There is no comfort without pain; thus
we define salvation through suffering.
		-- Cato


I never did give anybody hell.  I just told the truth and they thought
it was hell.
		-- Harry S. Truman


Nothing is faster than the speed of light.

To prove this to yourself, try opening the
refrigerator door before the light comes on.


The only real advantage to punk music is that nobody can whistle it.


I have a very strange feeling about this...
		-- Luke Skywalker


Happiness adds and multiplies as we divide it with others.


A teacher announces to her class, "Children, the student who can name the
greatest man who ever lived will win a shiny red apple."
	Immediately an Italian boy raises his hand.
	"Yes, Tony?"
	"Christopher Columbus!" says Tony.
	"Well," says the teacher, "Christopher Columbus was a very great man,
but I don't think he was the greatest man who ever lived."
	From the back of the room little Bernie Goldstein raises his hand.
	"Yes, Bernie?"
	"Jesus Christ", says Bernie.
	"That is correct, Bernie," pronounces the teacher.  "And here is
your apple."
	When Bernie gets up to the front of the room to claim his prize,
the teacher says, "Bernie, given the fact that you're Jewish, I'm surprised
that you thought Jesus was the greatest man who ever lived."
	"Well, actually," replies Bernie, "I do think Moses had the edge,
but business is business."


Marriage is a lot like the army, everyone complains, but you'd be
surprised at the large number that re-enlist.
		-- James Garner


For children with short attention spans: boomerangs that don't come back.


Then here's to the City of Boston,
The town of the cries and the groans.
Where the Cabots can't see the Kabotschniks,
And the Lowells won't speak to the Cohns.
		-- Franklin Pierce Adams


If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you.


Very few modern women either like or desire marriage, especially after the
ceremony has been performed.  Primarily women wish attention and affection.
Matrimony is something they accept when there is no alternative.  Really,
it is a waste of time, and hazardous, to marry them.  It leaves one open
to a rival.  Husbands, good or bad, always have rivals.  Lovers, never.
		-- Helen Lawrenson, "Esquire"


The questions remain the same.
The answers are eternally variable.


STRAPLESS EVENING GOWN:
	Bust truster.


Men have a much better time of it than women; for one
thing they marry later; for another thing they die earlier.
		-- H. L. Mencken


There is nothing as overrated as a bad
lay, or as underrated as a great shit.


QOTD:
	"I've always wanted to work in the Federal Mint.  And then go on
	strike.  To make less money."


No part of this message may reproduce, store itself in a retrieval
system, or transmit disease, in any form, without the permissiveness of
the author.
		-- Chris Shaw


