The idea is to die young as late as possible.
		-- Ashley Montague


The real problem with hunting elephants carrying the decoys.


When a fly lands on the ceiling, does it do a half roll or a half
loop?


QOTD:
	"... was it a dream where you see yourself standing in sort-of
	Sun-God robes, on a pyramid, with a thousand naked women screaming
	and throwing little pickles at you?  ...  Why am I the only one
	who has that dream?"


The bigger the theory the better.


Silence is the element in which great things fashion themselves.
		-- Thomas Carlyle


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #11

MONOPOLI:
	Peter Weir's classic film examining the false heroism of parlour
	games.  The powerful ending of the film sees one young man after
	another charge toward GO, only to senselessly lose his life on the
	Boardwalk property.


Die?  I should say not, dear fellow.  No Barrymore
would allow such a conventional thing to happen to him.
		-- John Barrymore's dying words


Vaginal lubricant, n.:
	A slitty slicker.


What kind of sordid business are you on now?  I mean, man, whither
goest thou?  Whither goest thou, America, in thy shiny car in the night?
		-- Jack Kerouac


It is better to kiss an avocado than to get in a fight with an aardvark.


The best case:	   Get salary from America, build a house in England,
			live with a Japanese wife, and eat Chinese food.
Pretty good case:  Get salary from England, build a house in America,
			live with a Chinese wife, and eat Japanese food.
The worst case:    Get salary from China, build a house in Japan,
			live with a British wife, and eat American food.
		-- Bungei Shunju, a popular Japanese magazine


I don't love you, asshole, I love your daughter.
		-- The Undergraduate


Swahili, n.:
	The language used by the National Enquirer to print their
retractions.
		-- Johnny Hart


The English country gentleman galloping after a fox -- the unspeakable
in full pursuit of the uneatable.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "A Woman of No Importance"


Some of the things that live the longest
in peoples' memories never really happened.


When you dial a wrong number you never get a busy signal.


Don't tell any big lies today.  Small ones can be just as effective.


Gleemites, n.:
	Petrified deposits of toothpaste found in sinks.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Razors pain you;
Rivers are damp;
Acids stain you;
And drugs cause cramp.
Guns aren't lawful;
Nooses give;
Gas smells awful;
You might as well live.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Resume", 1926


There was a young man hitchhiking along a road one day.  A car stopped and the
driver opened the door and asked, "What political party are you with?"
	He replied, "Why, I'm a Democrat."
	And the driver slammed the door and rode off.  The guy was pretty
discouraged when another car came along, and the driver asked the same
question.
	The guy answered, "Uh, I'm a Democrat."
	And again, the driver slammed the door and rode off.  Now he was
downright confused when another car came along.  The driver was an attractive
lady, and she asked the same question.
	He answered: "I'm a Republican."
	And she answered, "Well, then, hop on in."
	They drove on for a few minutes when he began to notice that her
skirt was beginning to get hiked up on her thighs.  Finally, he couldn't take
it any more, and said "Ma'am, stop the car and let me out.  I've only been
a Republican for 15 minutes, and already I feel like screwing someone!"


There is no better way of exercising the imagination than the study of law.
No poet ever interpreted nature as freely as a lawyer interprets truth.
		-- Jean Giraudoux, "Tiger at the Gates"


To stand and be still,
At the Birkenhead drill,
Is a damned tough bullet to chew.
		-- Rudyard Kipling


Chism's Law of Completion:
	The amount of time required to complete a government project is
	precisely equal to the length of time already spent on it.


1. Never give anything away for nothing.  2. Never give more than
you have to (always catch the buyer hungry and always make him wait).
3. Always take back everything if you possibly can.
		-- William S. Burroughs, on drug pushing


Entropy requires no maintenance.
		-- Markoff Chaney


QOTD:
	"Sacred cows make great hamburgers."


The white race is the cancer of history.
		-- Susan Sontag


Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they AREN'T after you.


The hearing ear is always found close to the speaking tongue, a custom
whereof the memory of man runneth not howsomever to the contrary, nohow.


Without love intelligence is dangerous;
without intelligence love is not enough.
		-- Ashley Montagu


Ginger Snap


No man is useless who has a friend,
and if we are loved we are indispensable.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson


Never insult an alligator until you've crossed the river.


Don't you wish you had more energy... or less ambition?


Hurewitz's Memory Principle:
	The chance of forgetting something is directly proportional
	to... to... uh.....


P-K4


Our parents were of Midwestern stock and very strict.  They didn't want us
to grow up to be spoiled and rich.  If we left our tennis racquets in the
rain, we were punished.
		-- Nancy Ellis (George Bush's sister), in the New Republic


I smell a wumpus.


Advancement in position.


This novel is not to be tossed lightly aside, but to be hurled with
great force.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Their idea of an offer you can't refuse is an offer...
and you'd better not refuse.


Digital circuits are made from analog parts.
		-- Don Vonada


No woman can call herself free until she can choose consciously whether
she will or will not be a mother.
		-- Margaret H. Sanger


Every why hath a wherefore.
		-- William Shakespeare, "A Comedy of Errors"


In charity there is no excess.
		-- Francis Bacon


Love is what you've been through with somebody.
		-- James Thurber


If a listener nods his head when you're
explaining your program, wake him up.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(10) Liberalism poisons the soul.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


With reasonable men I will reason;
with humane men I will plead;
but to tyrants I will give no quarter.
		-- William Lloyd Garrison


Marvelous!  The super-user's going to boot me!
What a finely tuned response to the situation!


Arbitrary systems, pl.n.:
	Systems about which nothing general can be said, save "nothing
general can be said."


Must I hold a candle to my shames?
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"


The human race is a race of cowards; and I am not only marching in that
procession but carrying a banner.
		-- Mark Twain


Aberdeen was so small that when the family with the car went
on vacation, the gas station and drive-in theatre had to close.


To stand and be still,
At the Birkenhead drill,
Is a damned tough bullet to chew.
		-- Rudyard Kipling


Help fight continental drift.


If there is a wrong way to do something, then someone will do it.
		-- Edward A. Murphy, Jr.


Drinking is not a spectator sport.
		-- Jim Brosnan


If a can of Alpo costs 38 cents, would it cost $2.50 in Dog Dollars?


Things past redress and now with me past care.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"


Bankers do it with interest (penalty for early withdrawal).


Heller's Law:
	The first myth of management is that it exists.

Johnson's Corollary:
	Nobody really knows what is going on anywhere within the
	organization.


CONSULTANT:
	(1) Someone you pay to take the watch off your wrist and tell
	you what time it is. (2) (For resume use) The working title
	of anyone who doesn't currently hold a job. Motto: Have
	Calculator, Will Travel.


It's not Camelot, but it's not Cleveland, either.
		-- Kevin White, Mayor of Boston


The real purpose of books is to trap the mind into doing its own thinking.
		-- Christopher Morley


In Duluth there's a hostess, forsooth,
Who doesn't know gin from vermouth,
	But this lubricant lapse
	Isn't noticed, perhaps
Because nobody does in Duluth.


Who messed with my anti-paranoia shot?


Gunter's Airborne Discoveries:
	(1)  When you are served a meal aboard an aircraft,
	     the aircraft will encounter turbulence.
	(2)  The strength of the turbulence
	     is directly proportional to the temperature of your coffee.


Of all the animals, the boy is the most unmanageable.
		-- Plato


I am very fond of the company of ladies.  I like their beauty,
I like their delicacy, I like their vivacity, and I like their silence.
		-- Samuel Johnson


I know it all.  I just can't remember it all at once.


	"How did you spend the weekend?" asked the pretty brunette secretary
of her blonde companion.
	"Fishing through the ice," she replied.
	"Fishing through the ice?  Whatever for?"
	"Olives."


Ginsburg's Law:
	At the precise moment you take off your shoe in a shoe store, your
	big toe will pop out of your sock to see what's going on.


There's so much to say but your eyes keep interrupting me.


Keep your Eye on the Ball,
Your Shoulder to the Wheel,
Your Nose to the Grindstone,
Your Feet on the Ground,
Your Head on your Shoulders.
Now... try to get something DONE!


Damn, I need a Coke!
		-- Dr. William DeVries
		   [after implanting the first artificial human heart]


Put your brain in gear before starting your mouth in motion.


If God had wanted people to give blow
jobs, he wouldn't have given them teeth.


Help Stamp Out Rape!  (Say Yes.)


A conservative is a man who believes that nothing should be done for
the first time.
		-- Alfred E. Wiggam


If you have to ask how much it is, you can't afford it.


Life is like arriving late for a movie, having to figure out what was
going on without bothering everybody with a lot of questions, and then
being unexpectedly called away before you find out how it ends.


Silly is a state of Mind, Stupid is a way of Life.


We prefer to believe that the absence of inverted commas guarantees the
originality of a thought, whereas it may be merely that the utterer has
forgotten its source.
		-- Clifton Fadiman, "Any Number Can Play"


Behind every successful man you'll find a woman with nothing to wear.


This will be a memorable month -- no matter how hard you try to forget it.


Are you sure the back door is locked?


The real reason psychology is hard is that
psychologists are trying to do the impossible.


Remember kids, if there's a loaded gun in the room, be sure
that you're the one holding it.
		-- Mr. Greenfatigues


I worked in a health food store once.  A guy came in and asked me,
"If I melt dry ice, can I take a bath without getting wet?"
		-- Steven Wright


If you don't know what game you're playing, don't ask what the score is.


Due to a shortage of devoted followers, the
production of great leaders has been discontinued.


Optimist, n.:
	Someone who goes down to the marriage
	bureau to see if his license has expired.


Sleep -- the most beautiful experience in life -- except drink.
		-- W. C. Fields


Like ya know?  Rock 'N Roll is an esoteric language that unlocks the
creativity chambers in people's brains, and like totally activates their
essential hipness, which of course is like totally necessary for saving
the earth, like because the first thing in saving this world, is getting
rid of stupid and square attitudes and having fun.
		-- Senior Year Quote


It is a hard matter, my fellow citizens,
to argue with the belly, since it has no ears.
		-- Marcus Porcius Cato


An ounce of hypocrisy is worth a pound of ambition.
		-- Michael Korda


Murphy's Discovery:
	Do you know Presidents talk to the country the way men talk
	to women?  They say, "Trust me, go all the way with me, and
	everything will be all right."  And what happens?  Nine
	months later, you're in trouble!


On the whole, I'd rather be in Philadelphia.
		-- W. C. Fields' epitaph


When in trouble or in doubt, run in circles, scream and shout.


Neutrinos are into physicists.


It is impossible for an optimist to be pleasantly surprised.


A limerick packs laughs anatomical
Into space that is quite economical.
	But the good ones I've seen
	So seldom are clean,
And the clean ones so seldom are comical.


Help Stamp Out Rape!  (Say Yes.)


Default, n.:
	[Possibly from Black English "De fault wid dis system is you,
mon."] The vain attempt to avoid errors by inactivity.  "Nothing will
come of nothing: speak again." -- King Lear.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


Just as I cannot remember any time when I could not read and write, I
cannot remember any time when I did not exercise my imagination in
daydreams about women.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


You always have the option of pitching baseballs at empty
spray paint cans in a cul-de-sac in a Cleveland suburb.


You can't take damsel here now.


It's a damn poor mind that can only think of one way to spell a word.
		-- Andrew Jackson


"The eleventh commandment was `Thou Shalt Compute' or `Thou Shalt Not
Compute' -- I forget which."
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


A nymph hits you and steals your virginity.


National security is in your hands - guard it well.


I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with
sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use.
		-- Galileo Galilei


Nothing ruins the mood more during foreplay than the image of your
65-year old home room teacher trying to stretch a condom over a
cucumber.
		-- Dennis Miller


Would ye both eat your cake and have your cake?
		-- John Heywood


Before I knew the best part of my life had come, it had gone.


Satire is tragedy plus time.
		-- Lenny Bruce


Hear about...
	the nurse they thought had drowned
	until they found her under the doc?


Ever feel like life was a game and you had the wrong instruction book?


It is easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
		-- Leonardo da Vinci


Life is wasted on the living.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the Edge of the Universe"


Murphy's Law is recursive.  Washing your car to make it rain doesn't work.


The worst is not so long as we can say "This is the worst."
		-- King Lear


Every four seconds a woman has a baby.  Our problem is to find this
woman and stop her.


Why I am an atheist:

1. Atheists do not believe in higher powers.
2. God is the highest power.
3. Therefore, God must be an atheist.
4. We should all strive to be like God.
5. We should all be atheists.


Everything is controlled by a small evil group
to which, unfortunately, no one we know belongs.


If you love someone, set them free.
If they don't come back, then call them up when you're drunk.


	The young man took a blind date to the amusement park.  They went
for a ride on the Ferris wheel.  The ride completed, she seemed rather bored.
"What would you like to do next?" he asked.
	"I wanna get weighed," she said.  So he took her over to the weight
guesser.  Next they rode the roller coaster.  After that he bought her some
popcorn and cotton candy, then he asked what else she would like to do.
	"I wanna get weighed," she said, bluntly.
	I really latched onto a square one tonight, thought the boy, and
using the excuse that he had developed a headache, he took the girl home.
The girl's mother was surprised to see her home so early, and asked, "What's
wrong, dear, didn't you have a nice time tonight?"
	"Wousy," said the girl.


What they say:				What they mean:

A major technological breakthrough...	Back to the drawing board.
Developed after years of research	Discovered by pure accident.
Project behind original schedule due	We're working on something else.
	to unforeseen difficulties
Designs are within allowable limits	We made it, stretching a point or two.
Customer satisfaction is believed	So far behind schedule that they'll be
	assured					grateful for anything at all.
Close project coordination		We're gonna spread the blame, campers!
Test results were extremely gratifying	It works, and boy, were we surprised!
The design will be finalized...		We haven't started yet, but we've got
						to say something.
The entire concept has been rejected	The guy who designed it quit.
We're moving forward with a fresh	We hired three new guys, and they're
	approach				kicking it around.
A number of different approaches...	We don't know where we're going, but
						we're moving.
Preliminary operational tests are	Blew up when we turned it on.
	inconclusive
Modifications are underway		We're starting over.


Always run from a knife and rush a gun.
		-- Jimmy Hoffa


The best case:	   Get salary from America, build a house in England,
			live with a Japanese wife, and eat Chinese food.
Pretty good case:  Get salary from England, build a house in America,
			live with a Chinese wife, and eat Japanese food.
The worst case:    Get salary from China, build a house in Japan,
			live with a British wife, and eat American food.
		-- Bungei Shunju, a popular Japanese magazine


There is a time in the tides of men,
Which, taken at its flood, leads on to success.
On the other hand, don't count on it.
		-- T. K. Lawson


You can't learn too soon that the most useful thing about a principle
is that it can always be sacrificed to expediency.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham, "The Circle"


X windows:
	You'd better sit down.
	Don't laugh.  It could be YOUR thesis project.
	Why do it right when you can do it wrong?
	Live the nightmare.
	Our bugs run faster.
	When it absolutely, positively HAS to crash overnight.
	There ARE no rules.
	You'll wish we were kidding.
	Everything you never wanted in a window system.  And more.
	Dissatisfaction guaranteed.
	There's got to be a better way.
	The next best thing to keypunching.
	Leave the thrashing to us.
	We wrote the book on core dumps.
	Even your dog won't like it.
	More than enough rope.
	Garbage at your fingertips.

Incompatibility.  Shoddiness.  Uselessness.
	X windows.


What sane person could live in this world and not be crazy?
		-- Ursula K. LeGuin


A dead man cannot bite.
		-- Gnaeus Pompeius (Pompey)


It is when I struggle to be brief that I become obscure.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Q:	What's invisible and smells like carrots?
A:	Bunny farts.


Handshaking protocol, n.:
	A process employed by hostile hardware devices to initiate a
	terse but civil dialogue, which, in turn, is characterized by
	occasional misunderstanding, sulking, and name-calling.


We don't know who it was that discovered water, but we're pretty sure
that it wasn't a fish.
		-- Marshall McLuhan


New York is real.  The rest is done with mirrors.


Psychiatrists say that one out of four people are mentally ill.
Check three friends.  If they're okay, you're it.


Sex hasn't been the same since women started enjoying it.
		-- Lewis Grizzard


The only really masterful noise a man makes in a house is the noise
of his key, when he is still on the landing, fumbling for the lock.
		-- Colette


Graphics blind the eyes.
Audio files deafen the ear.
Mouse clicks numb the fingers.
Heuristics weaken the mind.
Options wither the heart.

The Guru observes the net
but trusts his inner vision.
He allows things to come and go.
His heart is as open as the ether.


Earth is a beta site.


Do not overtax your powers.


Love means never having to say you're sorry.
		-- Eric Segal, "Love Story"

That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard.
		-- Ryan O'Neill, "What's Up Doc?"


Whatever happened to the good old days
when sex was dirty and the air was clean?


An optimist is a man who looks forward to marriage.
A pessimist is a married optimist.


Audiophile, n.:
	Someone who listens to the equipment instead of the music.


Those who express random thoughts to legislative committees are often
surprised and appalled to find themselves the instigators of law.
		-- Mark B. Cohen


The first time we slept together she drove a recreational vehicle into
the bedroom.
		-- Richard Lewis


I do not remember ever having seen a sustained argument by an author which,
starting from philosophical premises likely to meet with general acceptance,
reached the conclusion that a praiseworthy ordering of one's life is to
devote it to research in mathematics.
		-- Sir Edmund Whittaker, "Scientific American", Vol. 183


I think the sky is blue because it's a shift from black through purple
to blue, and it has to do with where the light is.  You know, the
farther we get into darkness, and there's a shifting of color of light
into the blueness, and I think as you go farther and farther away from
the reflected light we have from the sun or the light that's bouncing
off this earth, uh, the darker it gets ... I think if you look at the
color scale, you start at black, move it through purple, move it on
out, it's the shifting of color.  We mentioned before about the stars
singing, and that's one of the effects of the shifting of colors.
		-- Pat Robertson, The 700 Club


If you want to be ruined, marry a rich woman.
		-- Michelet


The polite thing to do has always been to address people as they wish to be
addressed, to treat them in a way they think dignified.  But it is equally
important to accept and tolerate different standards of courtesy, not
expecting everyone else to adapt to one's own preferences.  Only then can
we hope to restore the insult to its proper social function of expressing
true distaste.
		-- Judith Martin, "Miss Manners' Guide to Excruciatingly
		   Correct Behavior"


Choose in marriage only a woman whom you would choose as
a friend if she were a man.
		-- Joubert


I have a hobby.  I have the world's largest collection of sea shells.
I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world.  Maybe you've seen
some of it.
		-- Steven Wright


Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
		-- Martin Luther King, Jr.


Santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate Clauses.


I have just had eighteen whiskeys in a row.
I do believe that is a record.
		-- Dylan Thomas, his last words


