Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly.
		-- Voltaire


Q:	How do you tell that your roommate's gay?
A:	When his cock tastes like shit.


Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men.
		-- Kin Hubbard


Good girls go to heaven, bad girls go everywhere.


Life without caffeine is stimulating enough.
		-- Sanka Ad


Psychiatry enables us to correct our faults by confessing our parents'
shortcomings.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter, "Peter's Principles"


In Seattle, Washington, it is illegal to carry a concealed weapon that
is over six feet in length.


Seems like there were these two dogs in a vet's waiting room, each eyeing
the other suspiciously.  One of them turns to the other.
	"What are you here for?" he asks.
	"Well," replies the other, "I was feeling really bad the other day,
and Master's six year old son started bothering me. I tried to ignore it,
but I was feeling so rotten that I bit his hand."
	"Yeah, I now what you mean.  So, what are you here for?"
	"Erm ... well ... Master reckons that I'm too vicious, so I'm going
to be ... you know ... I'm going to have the *operation*."
	"Oh.  Well, I'm sorry," sympathized the first dog.
	Time passed. The about-to-be-neutered dog coughed politely.
	"So," he asked, "What are you in here for?"
	"Oh, nothing really," the other replied, embarrassed.
	"Go on, I told you, it *can't* be as bad!"
	"OK.  Well, it's like this.  The bitch next door was in heat, and so
I was feeling, you know, a bit randy.  Then Mistress came into the kitchen
wearing a short skirt and no underwear, and she bent over.  I just couldn't
resist it!" admitted the dog.
	"Oh!  So you're here for the operation too!"
	"No," came the reply, "I'm here to have my nails clipped!"


Politicians speak for their parties, and parties never are, never have
been, and never will be wrong.
		-- Walter Dwight


Oh, wow!  Look at the moon!


Share and enjoy, share and enjoy.
Journey through life with a plastic boy or girl by your side.
Let your pal be your guide.
And when it breaks down or starts to annoy,
	or grinds when it moves and gives you no joy,
	'cause it digs up your hat,
	or has sex with your cat,
	sprays oil on your wall or rips off your door,
	and you get to the point you can't stand any more.
Bring it to us, we won't give a shit.
We'll tell you: "Go stick your head in a pig".


SCORPIO (Oct.24 - Nov.21)
	You will receive word today that you are eligible to win a million
	dollars in prizes.  It will be from a magazine trying to get you to
	subscribe, and you're just dumb enough to think you've got a chance
	to win.  You never learn.


Get forgiveness now -- tomorrow you may no longer feel guilty.


To understand a program you must become both the machine and the program.


"God is as real as I am," the old man said.  My faith was restored, for
I knew that Santa would never lie.


Man is by nature a political animal.
		-- Aristotle


If God had not given us sticky tape,
it would have been necessary to invent it.


You have just returned from a trip to Green Bay, Wisconsin in January
and tell your boss that nobody but whores and football players live
there.  He mentions that his wife is from Green Bay.  You:

(a) Pretend you are suffering from amnesia and don't remember your
    name.

(b) Ask what position she played.

(c) Ask if she is still working the streets.


Decemba, n:	The 12th month of the year.
erra, n:	A mistake.
faa, n:		To, from, or at considerable distance.
Linder, n:	A female name.
memba, n:	To recall to the mind; think of again.
New Hampsha, n:	A state in the northeast United States.
New Yaak, n:	Another state in the northeast United States.
Novemba, n:	The 11th month of the year.
Octoba, n:	The 10th month of the year.
ova, n:		Location above or across a specified position.  What the
			season is when the Knicks quit playing.
		-- Massachewsetts Unabridged Dictionary


It is not enough that I should succeed.  Others must fail.
		-- Ray Kroc, founder of McDonald's
		   [Also attributed to David Merrick.  Ed.]

It is not enough to succeed.  Others must fail.
		-- Gore Vidal
		   [Great minds think alike?  Ed.]


This night methinks is but the daylight sick.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"


If you are over 80 years old and accompanied
by your parents, we will cash your check.


In my experience, if you have to keep the lavatory door shut by extending
your left leg, it's modern architecture.
		-- Nancy Banks Smith


Many people are secretly interested in life.


The great merit of society is to make one appreciate solitude.
		-- Charles Chincholles, "Reflections on the Art of Life"


Because the wine remembers.


Mother is far too clever to understand anything she does not like.
		-- Arnold Bennett


Anyone stupid enough to be caught by the police is probably guilty.


For a holy stint, a moth of the cloth gave up his woolens for lint.


Play Rogue, visit exotic locations, meet strange creatures and kill
them.


FORTUNE TESTS THE GREAT MANAGERS: #5

You have just returned from a trip to Green Bay, Wisconsin in January and
tell your boss that nobody but ladies of the evening and football players
live there.  He mentions that his wife is from Green Bay.  You:

	(a)  Pretend you are suffering from amnesia and don't
		remember your name.
	(b)  Ask what position she played.
	(c)  Ask if she is still working the streets.
	(d)  Pull lacy underwear from your raincoat pocket and ask
		if he recognizes the label.


America is a stronger nation for the ACLU's uncompromising effort.
		-- President John F. Kennedy

The simple rights, the civil liberties from generations of struggle must not
be just fine words for patriotic holidays, words we subvert on weekdays, but
living, honored rules of conduct amongst us...I'm glad the American Civil
Liberties Union gets indignant, and I hope this will always be so.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson

The ACLU has stood foursquare against the recurring tides of hysteria that
from time to time threaten freedoms everywhere... Indeed, it is difficult
to appreciate how far our freedoms might have eroded had it not been for the
Union's valiant representation in the courts of the constitutional rights
of people of all persuasions, no matter how unpopular or even despised
by the majority they were at the time.
		-- former Supreme Court Chief Justice Earl Warren


Q:	How do you keep an Aggie busy at a terminal?
A:	While he's not looking, switch it to "local".


The better part of valor is discretion.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


I think I'll snatch a kiss and flee.
		-- William Shakespeare


Sentimentality -- that's what we call the sentiment we don't share.
		-- Graham Greene


An American, a Frenchman, and a Vietnamese refugee had a discussion about
the happiness of life.
	"To me, happiness is returning home on a Monday evening, having a wonderful
dinner prepared by my wife, then slouching on the sofa watching Monday Night
Football," the American said.
	"You Americans are not romantic at all", the French injected, "Sharing
a beautiful evening with my lover, walking along the Seine river, and having a
romantic dinner on top of the Eiffel tower.  That is happiness of life."
	"You call those things happiness", the Vietnamese laughed, "then you
two still don't understand life at all.  Imagine this.  You are sleeping
soundly at night in Saigon.  Then suddenly you hear loud knocks on your front
door.  You hear loud voices, 'Mr. Nguyen Van Binh, open the door!'.  Quaking
with fear, you rush out and open the door.  Right there, you see two secret
policemen ready to handcuff you.  One of them says to you, 'Mr. Nguyen Van
Binh, you are under arrest for your anti-revolutionary activities.  You are
being sent to the re-educational camp tonight!'  Sweating profusely and
shaking uncontrollably, you reply to them, 'Comrades, Mr. Nguyen Van Binh
lives next door.'  That moment is happiness in life, my friends.


Happiness is twin floppies.


If your enemy is buried in quicksand up to his neck, pull him out.
If he is buried up to his eyes, step on his head.
		-- Niccolo Machiavelli, "The Prince"


When I sell liquor, it's called bootlegging; when my patrons serve
it on silver trays on Lake Shore Drive, it's called hospitality.
		-- Al Capone


Of all the words of witch's doom
There's none so bad as which and whom.
The man who kills both which and whom
Will be enshrined in our Who's Whom.
		-- Fletcher Knebel


Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain.
		-- Frank Morgan as The Wizard, "The Wizard of Oz"


BACHELOR:
	A guy who is footloose and fiancee-free.


Smuggling... It's not just a job, it's an adventure!
		-- paid for by your local Colombian recruiting office


In our civilization, and under our republican form of government, intelligence
is so highly honored that it is rewarded by exemption from the cares of office.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


We ARE as gods and might as well get good at it.
		-- Whole Earth Catalog


The only difference between a rut and a grave is their dimensions.


	A man walked into a bar with his alligator and asked the bartender,
"Do you serve lawyers here?".
	"Sure do," replied the bartender.
	"Good," said the man.  "Give me a beer, and I'll have a lawyer for
my 'gator."


Against stupidity the very gods Themselves contend in vain.
		-- Friedrich von Schiller, "The Maid of Orleans", III, 6


69 + 69 = dinner for 4.


The liberals can understand everything but people who don't understand them.
		-- Lenny Bruce


As to Jesus of Nazareth... I think the system of Morals and his Religion,
as he left them to us, the best the World ever saw or is likely to see;
but I apprehend it has received various corrupting Changes, and I have,
with most of the present Dissenters in England, some doubts as to his
divinity.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


What's the matter with the world?  Why, there ain't but one thing wrong
with every one of us - and that's "selfishness."
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


Ass, grass or gas... nobody rides for free!


Parker's Law:
	Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.


Having wandered helplessly into a blinding snowstorm Sam was greatly
relieved to see a sturdy Saint Bernard dog bounding toward him with
the traditional keg of brandy strapped to his collar.
	"At last," cried Sam, "man's best friend -- and a great big
dog, too!"


Most men would never get laid if it weren't for the pity fuck.


Two Peace Corp. doctors who had just returned to a stateside hospital
were in front of the main desk in the midst of a heated argument that
went along these lines:
	(1st doctor)	"No, no, no! It's 'waaaahmmmb'"
	(2nd doctor)	"No you're wrong! It's 'woooooommmb'"
and this continued for quite sometime.
	Finally a nurse stepped in and said: "The correct pronunciation is
'womb'" and trotted off.
	(1st doctor)	"That shows you what she knows."
	(2nd doctor)	"Yeah.  I bet she's never even SEEN a hippopotamus,
let alone heard one fart underwater."


Competitive fury is not always anger.  It is the true missionary's
courage and zeal in facing the possibility that one's best may not
be enough.
		-- Gene Scott


One evening a guru had coitus
With an actress, a whore and a poetess.
	When asked what position
	He used for coition,
He answered serenely, "the lotus."


Sometimes when you look into his eyes you get the feeling that someone
else is driving.
		-- David Letterman


Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths good theatre.
		-- Gail Godwin


Admittedly, there are a lot of things that are better than sex,
and a lot more that are worse; but there's nothing quite like it...


A rabbi and a priest are sitting together on a train, and the rabbi leans
over and asks, "So, how high can you advance in your organization?"
	The priest replies, "Well, if I am lucky, I guess I could become a
Bishop."
	"Well, could you get any higher than that?"
	"I suppose that if my works are seen in a very good light that I
might be made an Archbishop."
	"Is there any way that you might go higher than that?"
	"If all the Saints should smile, I guess I could be made a Cardinal."
	"Could you be anything higher than a Cardinal?"
	Hesitating a little bit, the priest said, "I suppose that I could
be elected Pope, but only if it's God's will."
	"And could you be anything higher than that, is there any way to go
up from being the Pope?"
	"What?!  I should be the Messiah himself?!"
	The rabbi leaned back and smiled.  "One of our boys made it."


There was a plane crash over mid-ocean, and only three survivors were
left in the life-raft: the Pope, the President, and Mayor Daley.
Unfortunately, it was a one-man life-raft, and quickly sinking, so
they started debating who should be allowed to stay.  The Pope pointed
out that he was the spiritual leader of millions all over the world,
the President explained that if he died then America would be stuck
with the Vice-President, and so forth.  Then Mayor Daley said, "Look!
We're not solving anything like this!  The only fair thing to do is
to vote on it."  So they did, and Mayor Daley won by 97 votes.


QOTD:
	"I say, and without apology, hang the bitch."


Dozens of bears are found dead in Alaska and Canada every summer, killed
by blood lost to the voracious mosquito.  The estimated life-expectancy
of a naked man on the tundra in summer is about 15 minutes.  In that
time, approximately 250,000 mosquitoes would have drawn enough blood to
kill him.
		-- Gus McLeavy, "Day-by-Day Trivia Almanac"


What really shapes and conditions and makes us is somebody only a few
of us ever have the courage to face:  and that is the child you once
were, long before formal education ever got its claws into you -- that
impatient, all-demanding child who wants love and power and can't get
enough of either and who goes on raging and weeping in your spirit
till at last your eyes are closed and all the fools say, "Doesn't he
look peaceful?"  It is those pent-up, craving children who make all
the wars and all the horrors and all the art and all the beauty and
discovery in life, because they are trying to achieve what lay beyond
their grasp before they were five years old.
		-- Robertson Davies, "The Rebel Angels"


Q:	What's invisible and smells like carrots?
A:	Bunny farts.


The meat is rotten, but the booze is holding out.
Computer translation of "The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak."


Had this been an actual emergency, we would have
fled in terror, and you would not have been informed.


McCoy's a seducer galore,
And of virgins he has quite a score.
	He tells them, "My dear,
	You're the Final Frontier,
Where man never has gone before."


Women wish to be loved without a why or a wherefore;
not because they are pretty, or good, or well-bred, or
graceful, or intelligent, but because they are themselves.
		-- Amiel


: is not an identifier


"And, you know, I mustn't preach to you, but surely it wouldn't be right for
you to take away people's pleasure of studying your attire, by just going
and making yourself like everybody else.  You feel that, don't you?"  said
he, earnestly.
		-- William Morris, "Notes from Nowhere"


McGowan's Madison Avenue Axiom:
	If an item is advertised as "under $50",
	you can bet your ass it's not $19.95.


QOTD:
	"What women and psychologists call `dropping your armor', we call
	"baring your neck."


Breeding rabbits is a hare raising experience.


Q:	Why do firemen wear red suspenders?
A:	To conform with departmental regulations concerning uniform dress.


Every path has its puddle.


Kill for the love of killing!  Kill for the love of Kali!
		-- Hindu saying


Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want, and
deserve to get it good and hard.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Little Book in C major", 1916


The water was not fit to drink.
To make it palatable, we had to add whiskey.
By diligent effort, I learned to like it.
		-- Winston Churchill


You had mail, but the super-user read it, and deleted it!


Happiness is just an illusion, filled with sadness and confusion.


Tourist, n.:
	A pretty girl in Oklahoma.


355/113 --
	Not the famous irrational number PI, but an incredible simulation.


Mistrust first impulses; they are always right.


A pencil with no point needs no eraser.


You just wait, I'll sin till I blow up!
		-- Dylan Thomas


No man is useless who has a friend,
and if we are loved we are indispensable.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson


May the Fleas of a Thousand Camels infest one of your Erogenous Zones.


The minute a man is convinced that he is interesting, he isn't.


Why be difficult, when, with just a
little more effort, you can be impossible?


Honi soit la vache qui rit.


Give all orders verbally.  Never write anything down
that might go into a "Pearl Harbor File".


The United States Army; 194 years of proud service, unhampered by progress.


Some circumstantial evidence is very strong,
as when you find a trout in the milk.
		-- Thoreau


	This 600-pound guy decides he can't go on living this way, so he seeks
the help of a clinic and proceeds to go on a drastic diet.  It works: four
months later he's down to 160 pounds and feeling great, except for one problem.
He's covered with great folds of flesh where the fat used to be.  He calls
up the clinic, and the doctor tells him not to worry.  "There's a special
surgical procedure to correct this condition," the doctor assures him.  "Just
come on over to the clinic."
	"But doctor," the man pleads, "you don't understand.  I'm too
embarrassed to be seen in public like this."
	"Don't give it another thought," says the doctor.  "Simply pull up
all the folds as high as they'll go, pile the flesh on top of your head, put
on a top hat, and come on over."
	The guy follows the instructions and provokes no comments until he
reaches the clinic and is standing in front of the admitting nurse's desk,
dying of self-consciousness.  "The doctor will be right with you," says the
nurse.  "Say, what's that hole in the middle of your forehead?"
	"My navel," blurts out the guy, "how d'ya like my tie?"


Bare feet magnetize sharp metal objects so they point upward from the
floor -- especially in the dark.


Sink or Swim with Teddy!


Oh, so there you are!


There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist.


HEY, KIDS!  ANN LANDERS SAYS:
	Masturbation isn't as simple as it looks.  Do it right!
Send 50 cents for my illustrated booklet "Masturbation techniques
for the teenager".  Be sure to specify the male or female edition.


When pleasure remains, does it remain a pleasure?


They're unfriendly, which is fortunate, really.  They'd be difficult
to like.
		-- Avon


	A shy teenage boy finally worked up the nerve to give a gift to
Madonna, a young puppy.  It hitched its waggin' to a star.
	A girl spent a couple hours on the phone talking to her two best
friends, Maureen Jones, and Maureen Brown.  When asked by her father why she
had been on the phone so long, she responded "I heard a funny story today
and I've been telling it to the Maureens."
	Three actors, Tom, Fred, and Cec, wanted to do the jousting scene
from Don Quixote for a local TV show.  "I'll play the title role," proposed
Tom.  "Fred can portray Sancho Panza, and Cecil B. De Mille."


God help the troubadour who tries to be a star.  The more
that you try to find success, the more that you will fail.
		-- Phil Ochs, on the Second System Effect


That secret you've been guarding, isn't.


Democrats buy most of the books that have been banned somewhere.
Republicans form censorship committees and read them as a group.

Republicans consume three-fourths of the rutabaga produced in the USA.
The remainder is thrown out.

Republicans usually wear hats and almost always clean their paint brushes.

Republicans study the financial pages of the newspaper.
Democrats put them in the bottom of the bird cage.

Most of the stuff alongside the road has been thrown out of car
windows by Democrats.
		-- Paul Dickson, "The Official Rules"


Nothing is more admirable than the fortitude with which
millionaires tolerate the disadvantages of their wealth.
		-- Nero Wolfe


...relaxed in the manner of a man who
has no need to put up a front of any kind.
		-- John Ball, "Mark One: the Dummy"


Is there life before breakfast?


I shall come to you in the night and we shall see who is stronger --
a little girl who won't eat her dinner or a great big man with cocaine
in his veins.
		-- Sigmund Freud, in a letter to his fiancee


Fast ship?  You mean you've never heard of the Millennium Falcon?
		-- Han Solo


A gourmet who thinks of calories is like a tart that looks at her watch.
		-- James Beard


I'm in Pittsburgh.  Why am I here?
		-- Harold Urey, Nobel Laureate


I don't remember it, but I have it written down.


Grub first, then ethics.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


If you can't understand it, it is intuitively obvious.


Do not stoop to tie your laces in your neighbor's melon patch.


This fellow rushed into a crowded tavern on Saturday night.  Men and women
stood three-deep at the bar.  Our man, who felt nature calling strongly,
looked about him but couldn't see anything that resembled a john.  He saw a
stairway and bounded up the steps to the second floor in his increasingly
desperate search.  Just as his bowels threatened to erupt, he spotted a
one-foot by one-foot hole in the floor.  Now, at the end of his control, he
decided to take advantage of the hole.  He dropped his pants, hunched over it,
and did his thing.  Thoroughly relieved and relaxed, he sauntered down the
steps to find, to his surprise, that the crowded bar was now empty.
	"Hey!" he yelled to the seemingly empty room, "Where is everyone?"
	From behind the bar a voice responded, "Hey!  Where were you when
the shit hit the fan?"


Necessity is a mother.


Old timer, n.:
	One who remembers when charity was a virtue and not an organization.


Politics, n.:
	A strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles.
	The conduct of public affairs for private advantage.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


There is no time like the pleasant.


