Many a town that didn't have enough work to support a single lawyer
can easily support two or more.


fortune: not found


Katz' Law:
	Men and nations will act rationally when
	all other possibilities have been exhausted.

History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have
exhausted all other alternatives.
		-- Abba Eban


Old mail has arrived.


Just because the message may never be
received does not mean it is not worth sending.


QOTD:
	"She's about as smart as bait."


The wages of sin are high but you get your money's worth.


	And Jesus said unto them, "And whom do you say that I am?"
	They replied, "You are the eschatological manifestation of the
ground of our being, the ontological foundation of the context of our
very selfhood revealed."
	And Jesus replied, "What?"


Elliptical, n.:
	The feel of a kiss.


When a man assumes a public trust, he
should consider himself as public property.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Due to a shortage of devoted followers, the
production of great leaders has been discontinued.


Accident, n.:
	A condition in which presence of mind is good,
	but absence of body is better.
		-- Foolish Dictionary


I had a virgin once.  I had to go to Florida for her.  She was twelve
years old, blind in one eye, and carried a stuffed alligator labeled
"Made in Taiwan".
		-- The Stunt Man


You know you've landed gear-up when it takes full power to taxi.


So live that you wouldn't be ashamed
to sell the family parrot to the town gossip.


I've already told you more than I know.


God is not dead!  He's alive and autographing bibles at Cody's.


Your mind understands what you have been
taught; your heart, what is true.


The trouble with money is it costs too much!


[Norm returns from the hospital.]

Coach:  What's up, Norm?
Norm:   Everything that's supposed to be.
		-- Cheers, Diane Meets Mom

Sam:	What's new, Normie?
Norm:	Terrorists, Sam.  They've taken over my stomach.
	They're demanding beer.
		-- Cheers, The Heart is a Lonely Snipehunter

Coach: What'll it be, Normie?
Norm:  Just the usual, Coach.  I'll have a froth of beer and a snorkel.
		-- Cheers, King of the Hill


Q:	What's the difference between hard and dark?
A:	It stays dark all night.


Q:	What did the little ghetto-dweller get for Christmas?
A:	Your bicycle.


I love being married.  It's so great to find that one special
person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.
		-- Rita Rudner


Your goose is cooked.
(Your current chick is burned up too!)


If I made peace with Russia today, I'd only attack her again tomorrow.  I
just couldn't help myself.
		-- Adolf Hitler


Foolproof Operation:
	No provision for adjustment.


QOTD:
	"I used to beat off so much in the shower, I'd get a hard on every
	time it rained."


No one regards what is before his feet; we all gaze at the stars.
		-- Quintus Ennius


In those days he was wiser than he is now -- he used to frequently take
my advice.
		-- Winston Churchill


Never argue with a woman when she's tired -- or rested.


General notions are generally wrong.
		-- Lady M. W. Montagu


The absurd is the essential concept and the first truth.
		-- A. Camus


Then there was the girl who was engaged
to a gymnast -- 'til he broke it off.


A Smith & Wesson beats four aces.


For the sores on his prick he used Dial.
That failed; he gave Lava a trial.
	But the one remedy
	For contagious V.D.
Is the wonder drug sulfa-denial.


A reactionary is a man whose political opinions always manage to keep
up with yesterday.


A woman occasionally is quite a serviceable substitute for masturbation.
It takes an abundance of imagination, to be sure.
		-- Karl Kraus, "Die Fackel"


They wouldn't listen to the fact that I was a genius,
The man said "We got all that we can use",
So I've got those steadily-depressin', low-down, mind-messin',
Working-at-the-car-wash blues.
		-- Jim Croce


We have met the enemy, and he is us.
		-- Walt Kelly


What scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch?
		-- J. D. Farley


To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first
and, whatever you hit, call it the target.


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #21

	Shall I compare thee to a Summer day?
	No, I guess not.


	Once in a medieval times...there was a King who was getting sort of
bored after dinner one night.  He decided to hold a contest of who at the
court had the mightiest "weapon".  The first knight stood up and proclaimed
that he had the mightiest weapon... he pulled down his pants and tied a 5
pound weight around it.  The weapon doth rose.  The crowds cheered... the
women swooned... the children waved multi-colored banners... and the band
played appropriate music.
	Another knight stood up and claimed that he had the mightiest weapon.
He dropped his pants and tied a 10 pound weight to himself.  The weapon doth
rose. The crowds cheered... the women swooned... the children waved
multi-colored banners...  and the band played appropriate music.
	After several more knights tried to prove their superiority...  the
King finally spoke out. "I have the mightiest weapon of them all!" He dropped
his pants and tied, not a 10 pound, not a 20 pound, not ever a thirty pound,
but a 40 pound weight, plus a coffee pot, to himself. The weapon doth rose.
The crowds cheered...  the women swooned... the children waved multi-colored
banners... and the band played "God Save the Queen."


Every suicide is a solution to a problem.
		-- Jean Baechler


I'd rather laugh with the sinners,
Than cry with the saints,
The sinners are much more fun!
		-- Billy Joel, "Only The Good Die Young"


If you could get an erection, you would have no need for Emacs.


Clay's Conclusion:
	Creativity is great, but plagiarism is faster.


AMAZING BUT TRUE...
	There is so much sand in Northern Africa that if it
	were spread out it would completely cover the Sahara Desert.


Agree with them now, it will save so much time.


In matters of principle, stand like a rock;
in matters of taste, swim with the current.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Atheism is a non-prophet organization.


All theoretical chemistry is really physics;
and all theoretical chemists know it.
		-- Richard P. Feynman


Masturbation!  The amazing availability of it!
		-- James Joyce


Around computers it is difficult to find the correct unit of time to
measure progress.  Some cathedrals took a century to complete.  Can you
imagine the grandeur and scope of a program that would take as long?
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


Rule of Life #1 -- Never get separated from your luggage.


The only time a dog gets complimented is when he doesn't do anything.
		-- C. Schultz


[Wisdom] is a tree of life to those laying
hold of her, making happy each one holding her fast.
		-- Proverbs 3:18, NSV


The IBM 2250 is impressive ...
if you compare it with a system selling for a tenth its price.
		-- D. Cohen


There are three kinds of people: men, women, and unix.


His shy bride admitted to Crandall
That for years she'd worked off with a candle,
	But a cock like his dick
	Gave her ten times the kick,
Though it strained her wee peehole to handle!


Friends, Romans, Hipsters,
Let me clue you in;
I come to put down Caesar, not to groove him.
The square kicks some cats are on stay with them;
The hip bits, like, go down under; so let it lay with Caesar.  The cool Brutus
Gave you the message: Caesar had big eyes;
If that's the sound, someone's copping a plea,
And, like, old Caesar really set them straight.
Here, copacetic with Brutus and the studs, -- for Brutus is a real cool cat;
So are they all, all cool cats, --
Come I to make this gig at Caesar's laying down.


I shot a query into the net.
I haven't got an answer yet,		A posted message called me rotten
But seven people gave me hell		For ignoring mail I'd never gotten;
And said I ought to learn to spell;	An angry message asked me, Please
					Don't send such drivel overseas;
A lawyer sent me private mail
And swore he'd slap my ass in jail --	One netter thought it was a hoax:
I'd mentioned Un*x in my gem		"Hereafter, post to net dot jokes!";
And failed to add the T and M;		Another called my grammar vile
					And criticized my writing style.
Each day I scan each Subject line
In hopes the topic will be mine;
I shot a query into the net.
I haven't got an answer yet...
		-- Ed Nather


Justice always prevails ... three times out of seven!
		-- Michael J. Wagner


ASCII a stupid question, you get an EBCDIC answer.


Generally speaking, the Way of the warrior is resolute acceptance of death.
		-- Miyamoto Musashi, 1645


Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient.
Don't believe a thing he tells you.


	"My mother," said the sweet young steno, "says there are some things
a girl should not do before twenty."
	"Your mother is right," said the executive, "I don't like a large
audience, either."


No is no negative in a woman's mouth.
		-- Sidney


QOTD:
	"Don't let your mind wander -- it's too little to be let out alone."


If a man is not a liberal at 25, he has no heart.
If he's not a conservative by 45, he has no brain.


But they'll never mechanize me -- not me!
Said Charlotte, the Louisville harlot.
		-- S.I. Hayakawa


Culture is the habit of being pleased with the best and knowing why.


Everyone is entitled to my opinion.


What's another word for "thesaurus"?
		-- Steven Wright


Phosflink, v.:
	To flick a bulb on and off when it burns out (as if, somehow,
	that will bring it back to life).
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


For flavor, instant sex will never supersede the stuff you have to peel
and cook.
		-- Quentin Crisp


Please stand for the National Anthem:

	O Canada
	Our home and native land
	True patriot love
	In all thy sons' command
	With glowing hearts we see thee rise
	The true north strong and free
	From far and wide, O Canada
	We stand on guard for thee
	God keep our land glorious and free
	O Canada we stand on guard for thee
	O Canada we stand on guard for thee

Thank you.  You may resume your seat.


Every dog has its day, but the nights belong to the pussycats.


He's not pining, he's passed on!  This parrot won't squawk!  He's
ceased to be!  He's expired, and gone to meet his maker!  It's a
stiff!  No breath of life, he may rest in peace!  If you hadn't nailed
him to the perch, he'd be pushing up the daisies!  He's off the twig!
He's kicked the bucket!  He's curled up his tooties!  He's shuffled off
this mortal world!  He's run down the curtain, and joined the bleed'n
Choir Invincible!  HE'S FUCKING SNUFFED IT!  Vis-a-vi his metabolic
processes is head is lost.  All statements concerning this parrot is no
longer a going concern, after from now on, Inoperative...

		THIS IS AN EX-PARROT!!
		-- Monty Python


Ummm, well, OK.  The network's the network, the computer's the computer.
Sorry for the confusion.
		-- Sun Microsystems


I was playing poker the other night... with Tarot cards.  I got a
full house and four people died.
		-- Steven Wright


The problem with being best man at a wedding is that you never get a
chance to prove it.


Every journalist has a novel in him, which is an excellent place for it.


Biology is the only science in which
multiplication means the same thing as division.


But they'll never mechanize me -- not me!
Said Charlotte, the Louisville harlot.
		-- S.I. Hayakawa


Aberdeen was so small that when the family with the car went
on vacation, the gas station and drive-in theatre had to close.


	"What's that thing?"
	"Well, it's a highly technical, sensitive instrument we use in
computer repair.  Being a layman, you probably can't grasp exactly what
it does.  We call it a two-by-four."
		-- Jeff MacNelly, "Shoe"


Little Red Riding Hood was walking through the woods on her way to visit
her grandmother when a wolf jumped out from behind a tree.
	"Aha!" the wolf said, "Now I've got you, and I'm going to eat you."
	"Eat, eat, eat," said Little Red Riding Hood angrily,
"Damn it, doesn't anybody fuck anymore?"


Your password is pitifully obvious.


Coincidence, n.:
	You weren't paying attention to the other half of what was
	going on.


Many receive advice, few profit by it.
		-- Publilius Syrus


Modern art is what happens when painters stop looking at girls and persuade
themselves that they have a better idea.
		-- John Ciardi


When in doubt, mumble; when in trouble, delegate; when in charge, ponder.
		-- James H. Boren


Crusade for Cthulhu!  It Found ME!


Showing up is 80% of life.
		-- Woody Allen


Laws are like sausages.  It's better not to see them being made.
		-- Otto von Bismarck


We secure our friends not by accepting favors but by doing them.
		-- Thucydides


FORTUNE REMEMBERS THE GREAT MOTHERS: #6

	"Johnny, if you fall and break your leg, don't come running to me!"
		-- Mrs. Emily Barstow, June 16, 1954


Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to
build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying
to produce bigger and better idiots.  So far, the Universe is winning.
		-- Rich Cook


Sushi, n.:
	When that-which-may-still-be-alive is put on top of rice and
	strapped on with electrical tape.


Children are natural mimics who act like their parents
despite every effort to teach them good manners.


A king's castle is his home.


When in doubt, mumble; when in trouble, delegate; when in charge, ponder.
		-- James H. Boren


So many men, so many opinions; every one his own way.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)


Talkers are no good doers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


Go out and tell a lie that will make the whole family proud of you.
		-- Cadmus, to Pentheus, in "The Bacchae" by Euripides


Freedom is slavery.
Ignorance is strength.
War is peace.
		-- George Orwell


What an author likes to write most is his signature on the
back of a cheque.
		-- Brendan Francis


On a ship wrecked far out at sea,
The girl said, "I can't seem to pee."
	"Aha!" said the mate,
	"That settles the fate
Of the captain, the pilot, and me."


A toast to the kisses you've snatched and vice-versa.


My calculator is my shepherd, I shall not want
It maketh me accurate to ten significant figures,
	and it leadeth me in scientific notation to 99 digits.
It restoreth my square roots and guideth me along paths of floating
	decimal points for the sake of precision.
Yea, tho I walk through the valley of surprise quizzes,
	I will fear no prof, for my calculator is there to hearten me.
It prepareth a log table to comfort me, it prepareth an
	arc sin for me in the presence of my teachers.
It anoints my homework with correct solutions, my interpolations are
	over.
Surely, both precision and accuracy shall follow me all the days of my
	life, and I shall dwell in the house of Texas instruments forever.


Any given program will expand to fill available memory.


She often gave herself very good advice
(though she very seldom followed it).
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


Penis envy, n.:
	The desire to be pink and wrinkled and about four inches long.


There is no bad taste.  There is only good taste, and that is bad.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


