Marijuana will be legal some day, because the many law students
who now smoke pot will someday become congressmen and legalize
it in order to protect themselves.
		-- Lenny Bruce


HOST SYSTEM NOT RESPONDING, PROBABLY DOWN. DO YOU WANT TO WAIT? (Y/N)


When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt.
		-- Henry J. Kaiser


Thank you for observing all safety precautions.


On day a Monterey daughter
Did scuba down under the water.
	She later turned up
	The mom of a pup,
And they say t'was an otter that gotter.


Never drink from your finger bowl -- it contains only water.


It doesn't much signify whom one marries, for one is sure to find out
next morning it was someone else.
		-- Rogers


Practical people would be more practical if
they would take a little more time for dreaming.
		-- J. P. McEvoy


I:
	The best way to make a silk purse from a sow's ear is to begin
	with a silk sow.  The same is true of money.
II:
	If today were half as good as tomorrow is supposed to be, it would
	probably be twice as good as yesterday was.
III:
	There are no lazy veteran lion hunters.
IV:
	If you can afford to advertise, you don't need to.
V:
	One-tenth of the participants produce over one-third of the output.
	Increasing the number of participants merely reduces the average
	output.
		-- Norman Augustine


Some people need a good imaginary cure
for their painful imaginary ailment.


"Force is but might," the teacher said--
"That definition's just."
The boy said naught but thought instead,
Remembering his pounded head:
"Force is not might but must!"


Any small object that is accidentally
dropped will hide under a larger object.


Men often believe -- or pretend -- that the "Law" is something sacred, or
at least a science -- an unfounded assumption very convenient to governments.


We interrupt this fortune for an important announcement...


TCP/IP Slang Glossary, #1:

Gong, n: Medieval term for privvy, or what passed for them in that era.
Today used whimsically to describe the aftermath of a bogon attack. Think
of our community as the Galapagos of the English language.

Vogons may read you bad poetry, but bogons make you study obsolete RFCs.
		-- Dave Mills


I CAN'T come back, I don't know how it works.
		-- Frank Morgan as The Wizard, "The Wizard of Oz"


You know you are getting old when you think you should drive the speed limit.
		-- E. A. Gilliam


It's not whether you win or lose but how you played the game.
		-- Grantland Rice


	There was a college student trying to earn some pocket money by
going from house to house offering to do odd jobs.  He explained this to
a man who answered one door.
	"How much will you charge to paint my porch?" asked the man.
	"Forty dollars."
	"Fine" said the man, and gave the student the paint and brushes.
	Three hours later the paint-splattered lad knocked on the door again.
"All done!", he says, and collects his money.  "By the way," the student says,
"That's not a Porsche, it's a Ferrari."


To be beautiful is enough! if a woman can do that well who
should demand more from her?  You don't want a rose to sing.
		-- Thackeray


It used to be the fun was in
The capture and kill.
In another place and time
I did it all for thrills.
		-- Lust to Love


Once harm has been done, even a fool understands it.
		-- Homer


Seeing is deceiving.  It's eating that's believing.
		-- James Thurber


LOVE:
	Love ties in a knot in the end of the rope.


Hear that...
	bookstores will soon be stocking a volume called "The Unsensuous
	Census Taker".  It's about a guy who comes once every ten years?


Remembering is for those who have forgotten.
		-- Chinese proverb


What creatures of habit we are.  This morning, without thinking, half asleep,
I put $100 on my pillow.  That's not so bad, no one would worry about it, but
my wife, half asleep, without thinking, gave me $20 change.


There is only one word for aid that is genuinely without strings,
and that word is blackmail.
		-- Colm Brogan


A woman takes off her claim to respect along with her garments.
		-- Herodotus


Things worth having are worth cheating for.


Blackout, heatwave, .44 caliber homicide,
The bums drop dead and the dogs go mad in packs on the West Side,
A young girl standing on a ledge, looks like another suicide,
She wants to hit those bricks,
	'cause the news at six got to stick to a deadline,
While the millionaires hide in Beekman place,
The bag ladies throw their bones in my face,
I get attacked by a kid with stereo sound,
I don't want to hear it but he won't turn it down...
		-- Billy Joel, "Glass Houses"


Come quickly, I am tasting stars!
		-- Dom Perignon, upon discovering champagne


Ferguson's Precept:
	A crisis is when you can't say "let's forget the whole thing."


I think we're in trouble.
		-- Han Solo


An encounter with a beautiful woman is good medicine for the well organized
logical mind -- a little jolt never hurt.  Note that the anarchists have
been saying this for years about the A-bomb and civilization.
		-- Encyclopadia Apocryphia


A good scapegoat is hard to find.


Bringing your mate to a convention is like taking a game warden hunting.


The lion and the calf shall lie down
together but the calf won't get much sleep.
		-- Woody Allen


If opportunity came disguised as temptation, one knock would be enough.


Croll's Query:
	If tin whistles are made of tin, what are foghorns made of?


The only reward of virtue is virtue.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


I'd rather just believe that it's done by little elves running around.


You'd better beat it.  You can leave in a taxi.  If you can't get a
taxi, you can leave in a huff.  If that's too soon, you can leave in a
minute and a huff.
		-- Groucho Marx


The heart is wiser than the intellect.


QOTD:
	"The only easy way to tell a hamster from a gerbil is that the
	gerbil has more dark meat."


No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
		-- Aesop


Enemy -- SP (Suppressive Person) Order.  Fair Game.  May be deprived of
property or injured by any means by any Scientologist without any discipline
of the Scientologist.  May be tricked, sued or lied to or destroyed.
		-- L. Ron Hubbard, "Fair Game Doctrine"


A memorandum is written not to inform the reader,
but to protect the writer.
		-- Dean Acheson


Blithwapping, v.:
	Using anything BUT a hammer to hammer a nail into the
	wall, such as shoes, lamp bases, doorstops, etc.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


If God didn't mean for us to juggle, tennis balls wouldn't come three
to a can.


Has anyone ever tasted an "end"?  Are they really bitter?


Comparing information and knowledge is like asking whether the fatness
of a pig is more or less green than the designated hitter rule."
		-- David Guaspari


Machines certainly can solve problems, store information, correlate,
and play games -- but not with pleasure.
		-- Leo Rosten


Cecil, you're my final hope
Of finding out the true Straight Dope
For I have been reading of Schrodinger's cat
But none of my cats are at all like that.
This unusual animal (so it is said)
Is simultaneously alive and dead!
What I don't understand is just why he
Can't be one or the other, unquestionably.
My future now hangs in between eigenstates.
In one I'm enlightened, in the other I ain't.
If *you* understand, Cecil, then show me the way
And rescue my psyche from quantum decay.
But if this queer thing has perplexed even you,
Then I will *_a_n_d* I won't see you in Schrodinger's zoo.
		-- Randy F., Chicago, "The Straight Dope, a compendium
		   of human knowledge" by Cecil Adams


He laughs at every joke three times... once when it's told,
once when it's explained, and once when he understands it.


Memory fault -- core...uh...um...core... Oh dammit, I forget!


You will find me drinking gin
In the lowest kind of inn,
Because I am a rigid Vegetarian.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


HOW YOU CAN TELL THAT IT'S GOING TO BE A ROTTEN DAY:
	#32: You call your answering service and they've never heard of
	     you.


Hacker's Guide To Cooking:
2 pkg. cream cheese (the mushy white stuff in silver wrappings that doesn't
	really come from Philadelphia after all; anyway, about 16 oz.)
1 tsp. vanilla extract (which is more alcohol than vanilla and pretty
	strong so this part you *GOTTA* measure)
1/4 cup sugar (but honey works fine too)
8 oz. Cool Whip (the fluffy stuff devoid of nutritional value that you
	can squirt all over your friends and lick off...)
"Blend all together until creamy with no lumps."  This is where you get to
	join(1) all the raw data in a big buffer and then filter it through
	merge(1m) with the -thick option, I mean, it starts out ultra lumpy
	and icky looking and you have to work hard to mix it.  Try an electric
	beater if you have a cat(1) that can climb wall(1s) to lick it off
	the ceiling(3m).
"Pour into a graham cracker crust..."  Aha, the BUGS section at last.  You
	just happened to have a GCC sitting around under /etc/food, right?
	If not, don't panic(8), merely crumble a rand(3m) handful of innocent
	GCs into a suitable tempfile and mix in some melted butter.
"...and refrigerate for an hour."  Leave the recipe's stdout in a fridge
	for 3.6E6 milliseconds while you work on cleaning up stderr, and
	by time out your cheesecake will be ready for stdin.


During the Reagan-Mondale debates:

Q:	"Do you feel that a person's age affects his ability to
		perform as president?"
Reagan:	"I refuse to make an issue out of my opponent's youth and
		inexperience."


If God had wanted us to use the metric system, Jesus would have had
only ten apostles.


	Phil [Record] was known as the Hat because he always wore a felt
snap brim.  It was the standard uniform for police reporters, for one
reason: it made it easier for them to pass themselves off as detectives.
We had an informal code of ethics then; we never lied about who we were.
But if people mistook us for the police, that was their problem, not ours.
If they thought they were giving confidential information to an investigator,
well, that was their problem, too.  As we understood the First Amendment,
everyone had a right to talk to the _Star-Telegram_, even if they didn't
know they were talking to the _Star-Telegram_.
		-- Bob Schieffer, "This Just In"


There was a young man from LeDoux,
Whose limericks stopped at line two.

There was a young man from Verdunne.

	[Actually, there are three limericks in this series, the third one
	 is about some guy named Nero.  If anyone has a copy of it, please
	 mail it to "fortune".  Ed.]


Nominal egg:
	New Yorkerese for expensive.


Just as I cannot remember any time when I could not read and write, I
cannot remember any time when I did not exercise my imagination in
daydreams about women.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Have people realized that the purpose of the fortune cookie program is
to defuse project tensions?  When did you ever see a cheerful cookie, a
non-cynical, or even an informative cookie?

Perhaps inadvertently, we have a channel for our aggressions.  This
still begs the question of whether the cookie releases the pressure or
only serves to blunt the warning signs.

		Long live the revolution!
		Have a nice day.


Lays eggs inside a paper bag;
The reason, you will see, no doubt,
Is to keep the lightning out.
But what these unobservant birds
Have failed to notice is that herds
Of bears may come with buns
And steal the bags to hold the crumbs.


The capacity of human beings to bore one another seems to be vastly
greater than that of any other animals.  Some of their most esteemed
inventions have no other apparent purpose, for example, the dinner
party of more than two, the epic poem, and the science of metaphysics.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke


Q:	What's Jewish foreplay?
A:	Two hours of begging.


Two peanuts were walking through the New York.  One was assaulted.


Once upon a time there was a farmer who had borrowed a bull to service his
two cows.  He put all three animals on a meadow and sent little Johnny to
observe and report any success.  A short time later, little Johnny came
running towards the house shouting: "Daddy, Daddy, the bull just fucked the
white cow!"
	The father took little Johnny aside and said: "Look, kid, it's
alright if you use that kind of language around me, but the reverend is
going to be visiting soon.  So next time, please use another word; just
say that the bull "surprised" the cow."
	Johnny agreed and went back to observe any progress.  A little
while later, while the preacher was talking to the farmer, little Johnny
came a-running again, shouting: "Daddy, Daddy!"
	The father, trying to avoid embarrassing the preacher, said: "I
know, the bull surprised the brown cow."
	Little Johnny replied: "He sure did, he fucked the white one again!"


Anxiety, n.:
	The first time you can't do it a second time.

Panic, n.:
	The second time you can't do it the first time.


There are only two things in this world that I am sure of, death and
taxes, and we just might do something about death one of these days.
		-- shades


When it comes to broken marriages most husbands will split the blame --
half his wife's fault, and half her mother's.


Your ignorance cramps my conversation.


Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing.


	Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes of Harvard Medical School inhaled ether
at a time when it was popularly supposed to produce such mystical or
"mind-expanding" experiences, much as LSD is supposed to produce such
experiences today.  Here is his account of what happened:
	"I once inhaled a pretty full dose of ether, with the determination
to put on record, at the earliest moment of regaining consciousness, the
thought I should find uppermost in my mind.  The mighty music of the triumphal
march into nothingness reverberated through my brain, and filled me with a
sense of infinite possibilities, which made me an archangel for a moment.
The veil of eternity was lifted.  The one great truth which underlies all
human experience and is the key to all the mysteries that philosophy has
sought in vain to solve, flashed upon me in a sudden revelation.  Henceforth
all was clear: a few words had lifted my intelligence to the level of the
knowledge of the cherubim.  As my natural condition returned, I remembered
my resolution; and, staggering to my desk, I wrote, in ill-shaped, straggling
characters, the all-embracing truth still glimmering in my consciousness.
The words were these (children may smile; the wise will ponder):
`A strong smell of turpentine prevails throughout.'"
		-- The Consumers Union Report: Licit & Illicit Drugs


If God had intended Man to Walk, He would have given him Feet.


The sooner all the animals are dead, the sooner we'll find their money.
		-- Ed Bluestone, "The National Lampoon"


Q:	What do you call a TV set that fixes itself?
A:	A Christian Science Monitor.


We've sent a man to the moon, and that's 29,000 miles away.  The center
of the Earth is only 4,000 miles away.  You could drive that in a week,
but for some reason nobody's ever done it.
		-- Andy Rooney


*** NEWSFLASH ***
	Russian tanks steamrolling through New Jersey!!!!
	Details at eleven!


The truth you speak has no past and no future.
It is, and that's all it needs to be.


I went into the business for the money, and the art grew out of it.
If people are disillusioned by that remark, I can't help it.
It's the truth.
		-- Charlie Chaplin


A life spent in search of the perfect hash brownie is a life well spent.


If you didn't get caught, did you really do it?


Oh, my friend, it is not what they take away from you that counts --
it's what you do with what you have left.
		-- Hubert H. Humphrey


If you laid all the Elvis impersonators in the world, end to end...
you'd wanna run and get a steam roller, real fast.
		-- David Letterman


	The Gray-haired Woman's Complaint

My back aches, my pussy is sore;
I simply can't fuck any more;
	I'm covered with sweat,
	And you haven't come yet,
And my God, it's a quarter to four!


On a cannibal isle near Malaysia
Lives a lady they call Anastasia.
	Not Russian elite-
	She's eager to eat
Whatever or whoever lays her.


If at first you don't succeed, you must be a programmer.


I knew one thing: as soon as anyone said you didn't need a gun, you'd better
take one along that worked.
		-- Raymond Chandler


3 syncs represent the trinity -- init, the child and the eternal zombie
process.  In doing 3, you're paying homage to each and I think such
traditions are important in this shallow, mercurial business we find
ourselves in.
		-- Jordan K. Hubbard


Seems to me that both the Democrats and the Republicans should change their
symbols to a contraceptive device; it stands for inflation, inhibits
production, protects a bunch of pricks and gives everyone a false sense of
security while they're being screwed.


A stranger had just arrived in the mining town and was spending the evening at
the local saloon.  After a few drinks, he mentioned to the bartender that he
hadn't seen a single woman in the entire town.
	The bartender replied, "Nope.  Ain't no women in this town!"
	"No women? What do the men do for... er..."
	"Oh, for sex?  Did you see all those pigs in the street?  That's the
answer, right there."
	Shaking his head incredulously, the stranger settled back to his
drinking.  Within a short time, however, the liquor had convinced him that he
wanted to try out a pig himself.  He had watched several miners walk upstairs
to the trysting rooms with squealing piglets under their arms.  Now, he was
game to make his move.  He wandered out to the back of the saloon and chose
a nice fat, pink sow.  As he walked to the stairs, the entire saloon went
quiet.  In the embarrassing hush, all eyes were upon him.
	"What's the matter?  I thought all you fellows did this!"
	"Yeah, but that's Black Bart's girl," replied the barkeep.


Oprah Winfrey has an incredible talent for getting the weirdest people to
talk to.  And you just HAVE to watch it.  "Blind, masochistic minority,
crippled, depressed, government latrine diggers, and the women who love
them too much on the next Oprah Winfrey."


The only "ism" Hollywood believes in is plagiarism.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Disillusioned words like bullets bark,
As human gods aim for their mark,
Make everything from toy guns that spark
To flesh-colored christs that glow in the dark.
It's easy to see without looking too far
That not much is really sacred.


Iowa State -- the high school after high school!
		-- Crow T. Robot


Nasrudin walked into a teahouse and declaimed, "The moon is more useful
than the sun."
	"Why?", he was asked.
	"Because at night we need the light more."


3M, under the Scotch brand name, manufactures a fine adhesive for art
and display work.  This product is called "Craft Mount".  3M suggests
that to obtain the best results, one should make the bond "while the
adhesive is wet, aggressively tacky."  I did not know what "aggressively
tacky" meant until I read today's fortune.

		[And who said we didn't offer equal time, huh? Ed.]


There are more ways of killing a cat than choking her with cream.


When I was a boy I was told that anyone could become President.
Now I'm beginning to believe it.
		-- Clarence Darrow


Well, we'll really have a party,
but we've gotta post a guard outside.
		-- Eddie Cochran, "Come On Everybody"


Universe, n.:
	The problem.


Jogger, n.:
	An odd sort of person with a thing for pain.


What ever happened to happily ever after?


Here I am, fifty-eight, and I still don't know what I want to be when
I grow up.
		-- Peter Drucker


He's like a function -- he returns a value, in the form of
his opinion.  It's up to you to cast it into a void or not.
		-- Phil Lapsley


Pecor's Health-Food Principle:
	Never eat rutabaga on any day of
	the week that has a "y" in it.


The doctrine of human equality reposes on this: that there is no man
really clever who has not found that he is stupid.
		-- Gilbert K. Chesterson


The only promotion rules I can think of are that a sense of shame is to
be avoided at all costs and there is never any reason for a hustler to
be less cunning than more virtuous men.  Oh yes ... whenever you think
you've got something really great, add ten per cent more.
		-- Bill Veeck


All of the animals except man know that
the principal business of life is to enjoy it.


Practical politics consists in ignoring facts.
		-- Henry Adams


	"I know a life of crime led me to this sorry state.  I blame
society.  Society made me what I am today!"
	"That's bullshit Archie.  You're just a young suburban punk
like me."
	"It still...  hurts... auugghh!"
	"You're going to be okay..."
		"...gurgle..."
			"... maybe not."
		-- Repo Man


Not only is UNIX dead, it's starting to smell really bad.
		-- Rob Pike


When you're not looking at it, this fortune is written in FORTRAN.


Economist, n.:
	Someone who's good with figures, but doesn't have enough
	personality to become an accountant.


One day this guy is finally fed up with his middle-class existence and
decides to do something about it.  He calls up his best friend, who is a
mathematical genius.  "Look," he says, "do you suppose you could find some
way mathematically of guaranteeing winning at the race track?  We could
make a lot of money and retire and enjoy life."  The mathematician thinks
this over a bit and walks away mumbling to himself.
	A week later his friend drops by to ask the genius if he's had any
success.  The genius, looking a little bleary-eyed, replies, "Well, yes,
actually I do have an idea, and I'm reasonably sure that it will work, but
there a number of details to be figured out.
	After the second week the mathematician appears at his friend's house,
looking quite a bit rumpled, and announces, "I think I've got it! I still have
some of the theory to work out, but now I'm certain that I'm on the right
track."
	At the end of the third week the mathematician wakes his friend by
pounding on his door at three in the morning.  He has dark circles under his
eyes.  His hair hasn't been combed for many days.  He appears to be wearing
the same clothes as the last time.  He has several pencils sticking out from
behind his ears and an almost maniacal expression on his face.  "WE CAN DO
IT!  WE CAN DO IT!!" he shrieks. "I have discovered the perfect solution!!
And it's so EASY!  First, we assume that horses are perfect spheres in simple
harmonic motion..."


Satire is tragedy plus time.
		-- Lenny Bruce


Whenever Richard Cory went downtown,
	We people on the pavement looked at him:
He was a gentleman from sole to crown,
	Clean-favored, and imperially slim.
And he was always quietly arrayed,
	And he was always human when he talked;
But still he fluttered pulses when he said,
	"Good morning," and he glittered when he walked.
And he was rich -- yes, richer than a king --
	And admirably schooled in every grace:
In fine, we thought that he was everything
	To make us wish that we were in his place.
So on we worked, and waited for the light,
	And went without the meat, and cursed the bread;
And Richard Cory, one calm summer night,
	Went home and put a bullet through his head.
		-- E. A. Robinson, "Richard Cory"


That's life for you, said McDunn.  Someone always waiting for someone
who never comes home.  Always someone loving something more than that
thing loves them.  And after awhile you want to destroy whatever that
thing is, so it can't hurt you no more.
		-- Ray Bradbury, "The Fog Horn"


Isn't it odd that people who object to "foul" language are always the
fucking dickheads that need swearing at?


My experience with government is when things are non-controversial,
beautifully co-ordinated and all the rest, it must be that not much
is going on.
		-- John F. Kennedy


Money cannot buy
The fuel of love
but is excellent kindling.

To the man-in-the-street, who, I'm sorry to say,
Is a keen observer of life,
The word intellectual suggests right away
A man who's untrue to his wife.
		-- W. H. Auden, "Collected Shorter Poems"


Poverty must have its satisfactions, else there would not be so many
poor people.
		-- Don Herold


Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess is why
several of us died of tuberculosis.
		-- Jack Handey


Using encryption on the Internet is the equivalent of arranging
an armoured car to deliver credit card information from someone
living in a cardboard box to someone living on a park bench.
		-- Gene Spafford, Purdue University


Acting is an art which consists of keeping the audience from coughing.


Never use "etc." -- it makes people think there is more where
there is not or that there is not space to list it all, etc.


Sodomy is a pain in the ass.


Why I Can't Go Out With You:

I'd LOVE to, but...
	-- I've got a Friends of the Lowly Rutabaga meeting.
	-- I promised to help a friend fold road maps.
	-- I've been scheduled for a karma transplant.
	-- I'm staying home to work on my cottage cheese sculpture.
	-- It's my parakeet's bowling night.
	-- I'm building a plant from a kit.
	-- There's a disturbance in the Force.
	-- I'm doing door-to-door collecting for static cling.
	-- I'm teaching my ferret to yodel.
	-- My crayons all melted together.


He that breaks a thing to find out what it is has left the path of wisdom.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


Bi, n.:
	When *everybody* thinks you're a pervert.


Every morning, I get up and look through the "Forbes" list of the
richest people in America.  If I'm not there, I go to work.
		-- Robert Orben


Finagle's Seventh Law:
	The perversity of the universe tends toward a maximum.


What's done to children, they will do to society.


QOTD:
	"I drive my car quietly, for it goes without saying."


I heard a definition of an intellectual, that I thought was very
interesting: a man who takes more words than are necessary to tell
more than he knows.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


Weinberg's First Law:
	Progress is only made on alternate Fridays.


In an age when the fashion is to be in love with yourself, confessing to
be in love with somebody else is an admission of unfaithfulness to one's
beloved.
		-- Russell Baker


Biz is better.


Did you know that some people your age have sex
thirty-seven times in a week?  And die immediately after?


Women are all alike.  When they're maids they're mild as milk:
once make 'em wives, and they lean their backs against their
marriage certificates, and defy you.
		-- Jerrold


	There was a knock on the door.  Mrs. Miffin opened it.  "Are
you the Widow Miffin?" a small boy asked.
	"I'm Mrs. Miffin," she replied, "but I'm not a widow."
	"Oh, no?" replied the little boy.  "Wait 'til you see what
they're carrying upstairs!"


A liberal is a man too broad minded to take his own side in a quarrel.
		-- Robert Frost


Entropy isn't what it used to be.


What has roots as nobody sees,
Is taller than trees,
Up, up it goes,
And yet never grows?


Taken from actual police car videos:

(15) Relax!  The handcuffs are tight because they're new.  They'll
     stretch out after you wear them awhile.
(14) Take your hands off the car and I'll make your birth certificate
     a worthless document.
(13) If you run you'll only go to jail tired.
(12) Can you run faster than 1200 feet per second?  In case you didn't
     know that's the average speed of a 9 mm bullet fired from my gun.
(11) So you don't know how fast you were going.  I guess that means I
     can write anything I want on the ticket, huh?
(10) Yes, sir, you can talk to the shift supervisor, but I don't think
     it will help.  Oh, did I mention that I AM the shift supervisor?
(9)  Warning? You want a warning?  OK, I'm warning you not to do that
     again or I'll give you another ticket.
(8)  The answer to this last question will determine whether you are
     drunk or not.  Is Mickey Mouse a cat or a dog?


I've looked at the listing, and it's right!
		-- Joel Halpern


Maybe we should think of this as one perfect week... where we found each
other, and loved each other... and then let each other go before anyone
had to seek professional help.


ASHes to ASHes, DOS to DOS.


Dear Mr. Seldes:  I cannot remember the exact wording of the statement
to which you allude; but what I meant was that ... a man who calls
himself a 100% American and is proud of it, is generally 150% an idiot
politically.  But the designations may be good business for war
veterans.  Having bled for their country in 1861 and 1918, they have
bled it all they could consequently.  And why not?
		-- George Seldes, "The Great Quotations"


BOO!  We changed Coke again!  BLEAH!  BLEAH!


In any problem, if you find yourself doing an infinite amount of work,
the answer may be obtained by inspection.


I've been on a diet for two weeks and all I've lost is two weeks.
		-- Totie Fields


"In the age of the internet attaching a famous name to your personal
opinion to give more weight to it is a very valid strategy."
		-- Benjamin Franklin


You will be a winner today.  Pick a fight with a four-year-old.


A gambler was telling a friend about his first junket to Las Vegas and how
hard it was to get any sleep.
	"I was awakened at one, two and four in the morning by a
drunken chorus girl banging on the door and screaming," he recalled.
	"That's terrible," the friend said." How'd you ever get any sleep?"
	"At five o'clock I unlocked the door and let her out."


Lawyer's Rule:
	When the law is against you, argue the facts.
	When the facts are against you, argue the law.
	When both are against you, call the other lawyer names.


America's best buy for a quarter is a telephone call to the right person.


One Bell System - it works.


	A man walked into a bar with his alligator and asked the bartender,
"Do you serve lawyers here?".
	"Sure do," replied the bartender.
	"Good," said the man.  "Give me a beer, and I'll have a lawyer for
my 'gator."


Your computer account is overdrawn.  Please reauthorize.


