Accordion, n.:
	A bagpipe with pleats.


Due to lack of disk space, this fortune database has been
discontinued.


No sooner said than done -- so acts your man of worth.
		-- Quintus Ennius


	The boss returned from lunch in a good mood and called the whole staff
in to listen to a couple of jokes he had picked up.  Everybody but one girl
laughed uproariously.  "What's the matter?" grumbled the boss. "Haven't you
got a sense of humor?"
	"I don't have to laugh," she said.  "I'm leaving Friday anyway.


Whatever is not nailed down is mine.  What I can pry loose is not
nailed down.
		-- Collis P. Huntingdon


Shift to the left,
Shift to the right,
Mask in, mask out,
BYTE, BYTE, BYTE !!!


QOTD:
	"Ludwig Boltzmann, who spend much of his life studying statistical
	mechanics died in 1906 by his own hand.  Paul Ehrenfest, carrying
	on the work, died similarly in 1933.  Now it is our turn."
		-- Goodstein, States of Matter


My girlfriend's favorite erotic position is bending over my credit cards.


Mother is the invention of necessity.


Cocaine isn't habit forming.  I should know -- I've been using it for years.
		-- Tallulah Bankhead


To be considered successful, a woman must be much better at her job
than a man would have to be.  Fortunately, this isn't difficult.


Men who cherish for women the highest
respect are seldom popular with them.
		-- Joseph Addison


	"What was the worst thing you've ever done?"
	"I won't tell you that, but I'll tell you the worst thing that
ever happened to me... the most dreadful thing."
		-- Peter Straub, "Ghost Story"


Life is like a 10 speed bicycle.  Most of us have gears we never use.
		-- C. Schultz


Hear about...
	the guy who was so well endowed that he had a fiveskin?


Pushing 40 is exercise enough.


A penny saved has not been spent.


Some women should be beaten regularly, like gongs.
		-- Noel Coward


Sex is great,
Sex is grand,
Sex around here,
Is mostly by hand.


Test for paraquat:
	Take amount of grass used in one joint, and wash in 5 cc's
	of water, agitating gently for 15 minutes.  Strain out leaves,
	leaving a brownish-yellow solution.  Add 100 mg each of sodium
	bicarbonate and sodium dithionite. If paraquat is present,
	the solution will turn blue-green.


Calvin:	"I wonder where we go when we die."
Hobbes:	"Pittsburgh?"
Calvin:	"You mean if we're good or if we're bad?"


You will be run over by a beer truck.


Death before dishonor.
But neither before breakfast.


If they can make penicillin out of moldy bread, they can sure make
something out of you.
		-- Muhammad Ali


Genius does what it must, and Talent does what it can.
		-- Owen Meredith


I watch television because you don't know what it will do if you leave it
in the room alone.


When you are in it up to your ears, keep your mouth shut.


CHRIST:
	A man who was born at least 5,000 years ahead of his time.


Stupid, n.:
	Losing $25 on the game and $25 on the instant replay.


Freedom begins when you tell Mrs. Grundy to go fly a kite.


McEwan's Rule of Relative Importance:
	When traveling with a herd of elephants,
	don't be the first to lie down and rest.


Yesterday upon the stair
I met a man who wasn't there.
He wasn't there again today --
I think he's from the CIA.


A prig is a fellow who is always making you a present of his opinions.
		-- George Eliot


The debate rages on: Is PL/I Bachtrian or Dromedary?


She blinded me with science!


Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
		-- Martin Luther King, Jr.


Nobody knows the trouble I've been.


A penny saved kills your career in government.


How can you work when the system's so crowded?


Whistler's mother is off her rocker.


Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
		-- Alexander Pope


In good speaking, should not the mind of the speaker
know the truth of the matter about which he is to speak?
		-- Plato


There is nothing wrong with Southern California that a rise in the
ocean level wouldn't cure.
		-- Ross MacDonald


The Net interprets censorship as damage and routes around it.
		-- John Gilmore


I have perfumed my bed with myrrh, aloes, and cinnamon.  Come, let us
take our fill of love until the morning.
		-- Proverbs 7:17-18


Don't ever slam a door; you might want to go back.


If you make any money, the government shoves you in the creek once a year
with it in your pockets, and all that don't get wet you can keep.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


Give me a sleeping pill and tell me your troubles.


Character is what you are in the dark!
		-- Lord John Whorfin


Yeah, that's me, Tracer Bullet.  I've got eight slugs in me.  One's lead,
the rest bourbon.  The drink packs a wallop, and I pack a revolver.  I'm
a private eye.
		-- Calvin


You must dine in our cafeteria.
You can eat dirt cheap there!!!!


Laura's Law:
	No child throws up in the bathroom.


Acting is not very hard.  The most important things are to be able to laugh
and cry.  If I have to cry, I think of my sex life.  And if I have to laugh,
well, I think of my sex life.
		-- Glenda Jackson


Trying to establish voice contact ... please _y_e_l_l into keyboard.


	When the lodge meeting broke up, Meyer confided to a friend.
"Abe, I'm in a terrible pickle!  I'm strapped for cash and I haven't
the slightest idea where I'm going to get it from!"
	"I'm glad to hear that," answered Abe.  "I was afraid you
might have some idea that you could borrow from me!"


To spot the expert, pick the one who predicts
the job will take the longest and cost the most.


All men are mortal.  Socrates was mortal.  Therefore, all men are
Socrates.
		-- Woody Allen


The whole world is a tuxedo and you are a pair of brown shoes.
		-- George Gobel


My friend has a baby.  I'm writing down all the noises he makes so
later I can ask him what he meant.
		-- Steven Wright


He dove down overweighted with lead.
Passed one hundred and flat lost his head.
	He flapped and he flailed,
	Spit his hose and he wailed,
Swallowed water and found himself dead.


A gentleman is a man who wouldn't hit a lady with his hat on.
		-- Evan Esar
		[ And why not?  For why does she have his hat on?  Ed.]


Flappity, floppity, flip
The mouse on the m"obius strip;
	The strip revolved,
	The mouse dissolved
In a chronodimensional skip.


Fortune understands that the vote on a bill to legalize bisexuality
could go either way.


The test of intelligent tinkering is to save all the parts.
		-- Aldo Leopold


Give your very best today.
Heaven knows it's little enough.


The answer to the question of Life, the Universe, and Everything is...

	Four day work week,
	Two ply toilet paper!


I'm an evolutionist; I refuse to believe
that I could have been created by man.


The denunciation of the young is a necessary part of the hygiene of older
people, and greatly assists in the circulation of the blood.
		-- Logan Pearsall Smith


When you jump for joy, beware that no-one
moves the ground from beneath your feet.
		-- Stanislaw J. Lec, "Unkempt Thoughts"


Don't forget to support the ERA apersonment.


...whether it is better to spend a life not knowing what you want or to
spend a life knowing exactly what you want and that you will never have it.
		-- Richard Shelton


What would you do with a brain if you had one?
		-- Judy Garland as Dorothy Gale, "The Wizard of Oz"


Robustness, adj.:
	Never having to say you're sorry.


Mastery of UNIX, like mastery of language, offers real freedom.  The
price of freedom is always dear, but there's no substitute.
		-- Thomas Scoville


If the standard says that [things] depend on the phase of the moon,
the programmer should be prepared to look out the window as necessary.
		-- Chris Torek


Mandrell: "You know what I think?"
Doctor:   "Ah, ah that's a catch question.  With a brain your size you
	  don't think, right?"
		-- "Doctor Who"


The duck hunter trained his retriever to walk on water.  Eager to show off
this amazing accomplishment, he asked a friend to go along on his next
hunting trip.  Saying nothing, he fired his first shot and, as the duck fell,
the dog walked on the surface of the water, retrieved the duck and returned
it to his master.
	"Notice anything?" the owner asked eagerly.
	"Yes," said his friend, "I see that fool dog of yours can't swim."


	Penn's aunts made great apple pies at low prices.  No one else in
town could compete with the pie rates of Penn's aunts.
	During the American Revolution, a Britisher tried to raid a farm.  He
stumbled across a rock on the ground and fell, whereupon an aggressive Rhode
Island Red hopped on top.  Seeing this, the farmer commented, "Chicken catch
a Tory!"
	A wife started serving chopped meat, Monday hamburger, Tuesday meat
loaf, Wednesday tartar steak, and Thursday meatballs.  On Friday morning her
husband snarled, "How now, ground cow?"
	A journalist, thrilled over his dinner, asked the chef for the recipe.
Retorted the chef, "Sorry, we have the same policy as you journalists, we
never reveal our sauce."
	A new chef from India was fired a week after starting the job.  He
kept favoring curry.
	A couple of kids tried using pickles instead of paddles for a Ping-Pong
game.  They had the volley of the Dills.


Large cats can be dangerous, but a little pussy never hurt anyone.


It's amazing how much "mature wisdom" resembles being too tired.


Old age is the harbor of all ills.
		-- Bion


My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior
spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive
with our frail and feeble mind.
		-- Albert Einstein


Love IS what it's cracked up to be.


He who loses, wins the race,
And parallel lines meet in space.
		-- John Boyd, "Last Starship from Earth"


In success there's a tendency to keep on doing what you were doing.
		-- Alan Kay


	A man walks into a bar and says: "I'd like a shot of twelve-year-old
Scotch".  The bartender, who figures the guy is just being obnoxious, reaches
down under the bar and pours him a shot of bar Scotch.  The man takes one sip
and says: "Hey, bartender, I asked you for some twelve-year-old Scotch -- this
is eight-year-old Scotch."
	The bartender reaches behind the bar for the twelve-year-old Scotch,
pours a shot, hands it to the man and says "I've got to hand it to you --
most guys who come in here asking for twelve-year-old Scotch have never even
had it -- they're just being pricks.  But you really know your Scotch -- this
is on the house."
	A drunk has been sitting at the other end of the bar watching this
conversation.  He walks up to the man, hands him a glass and says "Taste this."
The man does -- and spits it out yelling, "This tastes like piss!"  To which
the drunk replies, "It is -- but how old am I?"


On the eighth day, God created FORTRAN.


Show respect for age.  Drink good Scotch for a change.


What fools these morals be!


QOTD:
	"You're so dumb you don't even have wisdom teeth."


Two is not equal to three, even for large values of two.


Charity begins at home.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)


The meek don't want it.


The average nutritional value of promises is roughly zero.


I went to the race track once and bet on a horse that was so good that
it took seven others to beat him!


You are scrupulously honest, frank, and straightforward.
Therefore you have few friends.


The best thing that comes out of Iowa is I-80.


Do nothing unless you must, and when you must act -- hesitate.


In the days of old,
When Knights were bold,
	And women were too cautious;
Oh, those gallant days,
When women were women,
	And men were really obnoxious.


Xerox never comes up with anything original.


During the Reagan-Mondale debates:

Q:	"Do you feel that a person's age affects his ability to
		perform as president?"
Reagan:	"I refuse to make an issue out of my opponent's youth and
		inexperience."


Because we don't think about future generations,
they will never forget us.
		-- Henrik Tikkanen


Rule of the Great:
	When people you greatly admire appear to be thinking deep
	thoughts, they probably are thinking about lunch.


Must be getting close to town -- we're hitting more people.


I suggest you locate your hot tub outside your house, so it won't do
too much damage if it catches fire or explodes.  First you decide which
direction your hot tub should face for maximum solar energy.  After
much trial and error, I have found that the best direction for a hot
tub to face is up.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Will Rogers never met you.


Disclaimer of the Week:
	Any Society Which Requires Disclaimers Has Too Many Goddamn Lawyers.


The departing division general manager met a last time with his young
successor and gave him three envelopes.  "My predecessor did this for me,
and I'll pass the tradition along to you," he said.  "At the first sign
of trouble, open the first envelope.  Any further difficulties, open the
second envelope.  Then, if problems continue, open the third envelope.
Good luck."  The new manager returned to his office and tossed the envelopes
into a drawer.
	Six months later, costs soared and earnings plummeted. Shaken, the
young man opened the first envelope, which said, "Blame it all on me."
	The next day, he held a press conference and did just that.  The
crisis passed.
	Six months later, sales dropped precipitously.  The beleaguered
manager opened the second envelope.  It said, "Reorganize."
	He held another press conference, announcing that the division
would be restructured.  The crisis passed.
	A year later, everything went wrong at once and the manager was
blamed for all of it.  The harried executive closed his office door, sank
into his chair, and opened the third envelope.
	"Prepare three envelopes..." it said.


I do not remember ever having seen a sustained argument by an author which,
starting from philosophical premises likely to meet with general acceptance,
reached the conclusion that a praiseworthy ordering of one's life is to
devote it to research in mathematics.
		-- Sir Edmund Whittaker, "Scientific American", Vol. 183


Memory should be the starting point of the present.


... this is an awesome sight.  The entire rebel resistance buried under six
million hardbound copies of "The Naked Lunch."
		-- The Firesign Theatre


Traveling through hyperspace isn't like dusting crops, boy.
		-- Han Solo


I never pray before meals -- my mom's a good cook.


It is only with the heart one can see clearly;
what is essential is invisible to the eye.
		-- The Fox, "The Little Prince"


At ebb tide I wrote a line upon the sand, and gave it all my heart and all
my soul.  At flood tide I returned to read what I had inscribed and found my
ignorance upon the shore.
		-- Kahlil Gibran


Q:	What's the difference between a hold-up and a stick-up?
A:	Age.


There is, in fact, no reason to believe that any given natural phenomenon,
however marvelous it may seem today, will remain forever inexplicable.
Soon or late the laws governing the production of life itself will be
discovered in the laboratory, and man may set up business as a creator
on his own account.  The thing, indeed, is not only conceivable; it is
even highly probable.
		-- H. L. Mencken, 1930


The worst thing about some men is that when they are not drunk they
are sober.
		-- William Butler Yeats


QOTD:
	"You're so dumb you don't even have wisdom teeth."


Brunette bush, n.:
	The dark side of the moon.


Don't buy a landslide.  I don't want to have to pay for one more vote
than I have to.
		-- Joseph P. Kennedy, on JFK's election strategy


What if everything is an illusion and nothing exists?
In that case, I definitely overpaid for my carpet.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


		Safety Tips for the Post-Nuclear Existence
1.	Never use an elevator in a building that has been hit by a
		nuclear bomb, use the stairs.
2.	When you're flying through the air, remember to roll
		when you hit the ground.
3.	If you're on fire, avoid gasoline and other flammable materials.
4.	Don't attempt communication with dead people; it will only lead
		to psychological problems.
5.	Food will be scarce, you will have to scavenge.  Learn to recognize
		foods that will be available after the bomb: mashed potatoes,
		shredded wheat, tossed salad, ground beef, etc.
6.	Put your hand over your mouth when you sneeze, internal organs
		will be scarce in the post-nuclear age.
7.	Try to be neat, fall only in designated piles.
8.	Drive carefully in "Heavy Fallout" areas, people could be
		staggering illegally.
9.	Nutritionally, hundred dollar bills are equal to one's, but more
		sanitary due to limited circulation.
10.	Accumulate mannequins now, spare parts will be in short
		supply on D-Day.


"That's no answer," Job said, "And for someone who's supposed to be
omnipotent, let me tell you `tabernacle' has only one l."
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


It is not enough that I should succeed.  Others must fail.
		-- Ray Kroc, founder of McDonald's
		   [Also attributed to David Merrick.  Ed.]

It is not enough to succeed.  Others must fail.
		-- Gore Vidal
		   [Great minds think alike?  Ed.]


	It was April the 41st, being a quadruple leap year.  I was driving
in downtown Atlantis.  My Barracuda was in the shop, so I was in a rented
Stingray, and it was overheating.  So I pulled into a Shell station.  They
said I'd blown a seal.  I said, "Fix the damn thing and leave my private
life out of it, okay, pal?"  While they were doing that, I walked over to the
Oyster Bar.  A real dive.  But I knew the owner.  He used to play for the
Dolphins.  I said "Hi, Gil!"  You have to yell -- he's hard of herring.
		-- Kip Addotta, "Wet Dream"


Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.
		-- Oscar Wilde


A CONS is an object which cares.
		-- Bernie Greenberg


You will be dead within a year.


