If men acted after marriage as they do during courtship, there would
be fewer divorces -- and more bankruptcies.
		-- Frances Rodman


It's not just a computer -- it's your ass.
		-- Cal Keegan


Concept, n.:
	Any "idea" for which an outside consultant billed you more than
	$25,000.


An Hacker there was, one of the finest sort
Who controlled the system; graphics was his sport.
A manly man, to be a wizard able;
Many a protected file he had sitting on his table.
His console, when he typed, a man might hear
Clicking and feeping wind as clear,
Aye, and as loud as does the machine room bell
Where my lord Hacker was Prior of the cell.
The Rule of good St Savage or St Doeppnor
As old and strict he tended to ignore;
He let go by the things of yesterday
And took the modern world's more spacious way.
He did not rate that text as a plucked hen
Which says that Hackers are not holy men.
And that a hacker underworked is a mere
Fish out of water, flapping on the pier.
That is to say, a hacker out of his cloister.
That was a text he held not worth an oyster.
And I agreed and said his views were sound;
Was he to study till his head wend round
Poring over books in the cloisters?  Must he toil
As Andy bade and till the very soil?
Was he to leave the world upon the shelf?
Let Andy have his labor to himself!
		-- Chaucer
		   [well, almost.  Ed.]


What fools these mortals be.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca


Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them
pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.
		-- Winston Churchill


If God had meant for us to be in the Army,
we would have been born with green, baggy skin.


Q:	Why did the lone ranger kill Tonto?
A:	He found out what "kemosabe" really means.


Murphy's Law, that brash proletarian restatement of Godel's Theorem.
		-- Thomas Pynchon, "Gravity's Rainbow"


To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what
he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.


Stop searching forever.  Happiness is unattainable.


I'd never join any club that would have the likes of me as a member.
		-- Groucho Marx


If the odds are a million to one against something
occurring, chances are 50-50 it will.


Though a program be but three lines long, someday it will have to
be maintained.
		-- The Tao of Programming


Help!  I'm a lesbian trapped in a gay man's body!
		-- Bisexuality, 101


Benson's Dogma:
	ASCII is our god, and Unix is his profit.


I have a very strange feeling about this...
		-- Luke Skywalker


A platitude is simply a truth repeated till people get tired of hearing it.
		-- Stanley Baldwin


Solutions are obvious if one only has the
optical power to observe them over the horizon.
		-- K. A. Arsdall


The white race is the cancer of history.
		-- Susan Sontag


After two or three weeks of this madness, you begin to feel As One with
the man who said, "No news is good news."  In twenty-eight papers, only
the rarest kind of luck will turn up more than two or three articles of
any interest...  but even then the interest items are usually buried
deep around paragraph 16 on the jump (or "Cont.  on ...")  page...

The Post will have a story about Muskie making a speech in Iowa.  The
Star will say the same thing, and the Journal will say nothing at all.
But the Times might have enough room on the jump page to include a line
or so that says something like:  "When he finished his speech, Muskie
burst into tears and seized his campaign manager by the side of the
neck.  They grappled briefly, but the struggle was kicked apart by an
oriental woman who seemed to be in control."

Now that's good journalism.  Totally objective; very active and
straight to the point.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing '72"


It's bad enough that life is a rat-race,
but why do the rats always have to win?


What I mean (and everybody else means) by the word QUALITY cannot be
broken down into subjects and predicates.  This is not because Quality
is so mysterious but because Quality is so simple, immediate, and direct.
		-- Robert Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"


The 357.73 Theory --
	Auditors always reject expense accounts
	with a bottom line divisible by 5.


I don't care how poor and inefficient a little country is; they like to
run their own business.  I know men that would make my wife a better
husband than I am; but, darn it, I'm not going to give her to 'em.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


Democracy is a device that insures we shall be governed no better than
we deserve.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


The Official MBA Handbook on doing company business on an airplane:

	Do not work openly on top-secret company cost documents unless
	you have previously ascertained that the passenger next to you
	is blind, a rock musician on mood-ameliorating drugs, or the
	unfortunate possessor of a forty-seventh chromosome.


The key elements in human thinking are not numbers but labels of fuzzy sets.
		-- L. Zadeh


There are twenty-five people left in the world,
and twenty-seven of them are hamburgers.
		-- Ed Sanders


Possessions increase to fill the space available for their storage.
		-- Ryan


Never do today what you can put off until tomorrow.


Fights between cats and dogs are prohibited by statute in Barber, North
Carolina.


Sex hasn't been the same since women started enjoying it.
		-- Lewis Grizzard


Time will end all my troubles,
but I don't always approve of Time's methods.


It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you place the blame.


Not everything worth doing is worth doing well.


Griffin's Thought:
	When you starve with a tiger, the tiger starves last.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(16) The collective knowledge and wisdom of seasoned citizens is the
     most valuable, yet untapped, resource our young people have.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


The surest sign that a man is in love is when he divorces his wife.


PARTY:
	A gathering where you meet people who drink
	so much you can't even remember their names.


A chubby man with a white beard and a red suit
will approach you soon.  Avoid him.  He's a Commie.


I have defined the hundred per cent American as ninety-nine per
cent an idiot.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Incest, n.:
	Sibling revelry; a sport the whole family can enjoy.


It was kinda like stuffing the wrong card in a computer,
when you're stickin' those artificial stimulants in your arm.
		-- Dion, noted computer scientist


The human race has been fascinated by sharks for as long as I can remember.
Just like the bluebird feeding its young, or the spider struggling to weave
its perfect web, or the buttercup blooming in spring, the shark reveals to
us yet another of the infinite and wonderful facets of nature, namely the
facet that it can bite your head off.  This causes us humans to feel a
certain degree of awe.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wonders of Sharks on TV"


Since a politician never believes what he says, he is surprised
when others believe him.
		-- Charles DeGaulle


Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result.
		-- Winston Churchill

Next to being shot at and missed, nothing is really quite as
satisfying as an income tax refund.
		-- F. J. Raymond


Q:	What's the difference between a dead dog in the road and a dead
	lawyer in the road?
A:	There are skid marks in front of the dog.


	An Englishman, a Frenchman and an American are captured by cannibals.
The leader of the tribe comes up to them and says, "Even though you are about
to killed, your deaths will not be in vain.  Every part of your body will be
used.  Your flesh will be eaten, for my people are hungry.  Your hair will be
woven into clothing, for my people are naked.  Your bones will be ground up
and made into medicine, for my people are sick.  Your skin will be stretched
over canoe frames, for my people need transportation.  We are a fair people,
and we offer you a chance to kill yourself with our ceremonial knife."
	The Englishman accepts the knife and yells, "God Save the Queen",
while plunging the knife into his heart.
	The Frenchman removes the knife from the fallen body, and yells,
"Vive la France", while plunging the knife into his heart.
	The American removes the knife from the fallen body, and yells,
while stabbing himself all over his body, "Here's your lousy canoe!"


Herth's Law:
	He who turns the other cheek too far gets it in the neck.


When I works, I works hard.
When I sits, I sits easy.
And when I thinks, I goes to sleep.


In Denver it is unlawful to lend your vacuum cleaner to your next-door
neighbor.


QOTD:
	"The only easy way to tell a hamster from a gerbil is that the
	gerbil has more dark meat."


Real Users never know what they want, but they always know when your
program doesn't deliver it.


The purpose of Physics 7A is to make the engineers realize that they're
not perfect, and to make the rest of the people realize that they're not
engineers.


You've got to think about tomorrow!

TOMORROW!  I haven't even prepared for *_y_e_s_t_e_r_d_a_y* yet!


Democracy, n.:
	In which you say what you like and do what you're told.
		-- Gerald Barry

The difference between a Democracy and a Dictatorship is that in a
Democracy you vote first and take orders later; in a Dictatorship
you don't have to waste your time voting.
		-- Charles Bukowski


Competence, like truth, beauty, and contact lenses,
is in the eye of the beholder.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


A sheriff arrived at the scene of the horrible accident just as his deputy,
all alone, was climbing down from the controls of a bulldozer.  "Say,
Junior, what's goin' on?" asked the sheriff.
	"A bus full of migrant workers went out of control and over the
cliff, and I just finished buryin' 'em," explained the deputy.
	"Good work, boy," replied the sheriff.  "Pretty gory work -- were
all of 'em dead?"
	Junior nodded sadly and said, "Some of them said they weren't, but
you know how them Mex'cans lie."


Jews always know two things: suffering and where to find great Chinese food.
		-- From the movie "My Favorite Year"


Watch your mouth, kid, or you'll find yourself floating home.
		-- Han Solo


A violent man will die a violent death.
		-- Lao Tsu


When one woman was asked how long she had been going to symphony concerts,
she paused to calculate and replied, "Forty-seven years -- and I find I mind
it less and less."
		-- Louise Andrews Kent


The brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working the moment
you get up in the morning, and does not stop until you get to work.


Give your very best today.
Heaven knows it's little enough.


QOTD:
	"What would the world be like without men?  A lot of fat,
	happy women."


Ships are safe in harbor, but they were never meant to stay there.


Prince Hamlet thought Uncle a traitor
For having it off with his Mater;
	Revenge Dad or not?
	That's the gist of the plot,
And he did -- nine soliloquies later.
		-- Stanley J. Sharpless


The eye is a menace to clear sight, the ear is a menace to subtle hearing,
the mind is a menace to wisdom, every organ of the senses is a menace to its
own capacity. ...  Fuss, the god of the Southern Ocean, and Fret, the god
of the Northern Ocean, happened once to meet in the realm of Chaos, the god
of the center.  Chaos treated them very handsomely and they discussed together
what they could do to repay his kindness.  They had noticed that, whereas
everyone else had seven apertures, for sight, hearing, eating, breathing and
so on, Chaos had none.  So they decided to make the experiment of boring holes
in him.  Every day they bored a hole, and on the seventh day, Chaos died.
		-- Chuang Tzu


Hollerith, v.:
	What thou doest when thy phone is on the fritzeth.


I have already given two cousins to the war and I stand ready to
sacrifice my wife's brother.
		-- Artemus Ward


We have reason to be afraid.  This is a terrible place.
		-- John Berryman


I guess the Little League is even littler than we thought.
		-- D. Cavett


Some people say a front-engine car handles best.  Some people say a
rear-engine car handles best.  I say a rented car handles best.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


Honesty's the best policy.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


TOTD (T-shirt Of The Day):
	I'm the person your mother warned you about.


To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what
he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.


Texas is Hell on woman and horses.
		-- Wayne Oakes


Love means never having to say you're sorry.
		-- Eric Segal, "Love Story"

That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard.
		-- Ryan O'Neill, "What's Up Doc?"


Slurm, n.:
	The slime that accumulates on the underside of a soap bar when
	it sits in the dish too long.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


The problem that we thought was a problem was, indeed,
a problem, but not the problem we thought was the problem.
		-- Mike Smith


He who laughs has not yet heard the bad news.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


"Pathetic," he said.  "That's what it is.  Pathetic."
(crosses stream)
"As I thought," he said, "no better from *this* side."
		-- Eeyore


Every man who is high up likes to think that he has done
it all himself, and the wife smiles and lets it go at that.
		-- Barrie


Federal grants are offered for... research into the recreation
potential of interplanetary space travel for the culturally
disadvantaged.


Hear about...
	the sultan who had ten wives, nine of them had it soft.


In those days he was wiser than he is now -- he used to frequently take
my advice.
		-- Winston Churchill


I came, I saw, I deleted all your files.


Said Francesca, "My lack of volition
Is leading me straight to perdition;
	But I haven't the strength
	To go to the length
Of making an act of contrition."
		-- Edward Gorey


If a shameless woman expects to be defiled and then dies of her fierce
love because you do not consent, will chastity also be homicide?
		-- Saint Augustine


Then there was the Formosan bartender named Taiwan-On.


It is ridiculous to call this an industry.  This is not.  This is rat eat
rat, dog eat dog.  I'll kill 'em, and I'm going to kill 'em before they
kill me.  You're talking about the American way of survival of the fittest.
		-- Ray Kroc, founder of McDonald's


Don't tell me I'm burning the candle at both ends -- tell me where to
get more wax!!


Sam:   What do you know there, Norm?
Norm:  How to sit.  How to drink.  Want to quiz me?
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd

Sam:   Hey, how's life treating you there, Norm?
Norm:  Beats me. ...  Then it kicks me and leaves me for dead.
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd

Woody: How would a beer feel, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Pretty nervous if I was in the room.
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd


Adult, n.:
	One old enough to know better.


Bureau Termination, Law of:
	When a government bureau is scheduled to be phased out,
	the number of employees in that bureau will double within
	12 months after the decision is made.


Well, we're big rock singers, we've got golden fingers,
And we're loved everywhere we go.
We sing about beauty, and we sing about truth,
At ten thousand dollars a show.
We take all kind of pills to give us all kind of thrills,
But the thrill we've never known,
Is the thrill that'll get'cha, when you get your picture,
On the cover of the Rolling Stone.

I got a freaky old lady, name of Cole King Katie,
Who embroiders on my jeans.
I got my poor old gray-haired daddy,
Drivin' my limousine.
Now it's all designed, to blow our minds,
But our minds won't be really be blown;
Like the blow that'll get'cha, when you get your picture,
On the cover of the Rolling Stone.

We got a lot of little, teen-aged, blue-eyed groupies,
Who'll do anything we say.
We got a genuine Indian guru, that's teachin' us a better way.
We got all the friends that money can buy,
So we never have to be alone.
And we keep gettin' richer, but we can't get our picture,
On the cover of the Rolling Stone.
		-- Dr. Hook and the Medicine Show
		   [They eventually DID make the cover of RS. Ed.]


I came; I saw; I fucked up.


The star of riches is shining upon you.


Behind every argument is someone's ignorance.


America cannot be sold a can of beer without
being offered a piece of pussy along with it.
		-- Julius Lester


	The doctor had just finished giving the young man a thorough
physical examination.  "The best thing for you to do," the M.D. said,
"is give up drinking, give up smoking, get to bed early and stay away
from women."
	"Doc, I don't deserve the best," pleaded his patient.  "What's
second best?"


Conformity is the refuge of the unimaginative.


Hear about...
	the nymphomaniac teenager popularly known as Little Often Annie?


	Strange memories on this nervous night in Las Vegas.  Five years later?
Six?  It seems like a lifetime, or at least a Main Era -- the kind of peak that
never comes again.  San Francisco in the middle sixties was a very special time
and place to be a part of.  Maybe it meant something.  Maybe not, in the long
run...  There was madness in any direction, at any hour.  If not across the
Bay, then up the Golden Gate or down 101 to Los Altos or La Honda...  You could
strike sparks anywhere. There was a fantastic universal sense that whatever we
were doing was right, that we were winning...
	And that, I think, was the handle -- that sense of inevitable victory
over the forces of Old and Evil.  Not in any mean or military sense; we didn't
need that. Our energy would simply prevail.  There was no point in fighting
-- on our side or theirs.  We had all the momentum; we were riding the crest
of a high and beautiful wave.  So now, less than five years later, you can go
up on a steep hill in Las Vegas and look West, and with the right kind of eyes
you can almost see the high-water mark -- that place where the wave finally
broke and rolled back.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


Love at first sight is one of the greatest
labor-saving devices the world has ever seen.


And I suppose the little things are harder to get used to than the big
ones.  The big ones you get used to, you make up your mind to them.  The
little things come along unexpectedly, when you aren't thinking about
them, aren't braced against them.
		-- Marion Zimmer Bradley, "The Forbidden Tower"


Old mercenaries never die.  They go to hell and regroup.


Texas A&M football coach Jackie Sherrill went to the office of the Dean
of Academics because he was concerned about his players' mental abilities.
"My players are just too stupid for me to deal with them", he told the
unbelieving dean.  At this point, one of his players happened to enter
the dean's office.  "Let me show you what I mean", said Sherrill, and he
told the player to run over to his office to see if he was in.  "OK, Coach",
the player replied, and was off.  "See what I mean?" Sherrill asked.
"Yeah", replied the dean.  "He could have just picked up this phone and
called you from here."


There is no choice before us.  Either we must Succeed in providing
the rational coordination of impulses and guts, or for centuries
civilization will sink into a mere welter of minor excitements.
We must provide a Great Age or see the collapse of the upward
striving of the human race.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead


Art is Nature speeded up and God slowed down.
		-- Chazal


Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.


By protracting life, we do not deduct one jot from the duration of death.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


I have a very strange feeling about this...
		-- Luke Skywalker


Chamberlain's Laws:
	1: The big guys always win.
	2: Everything tastes more or less like chicken.


Re: Graphics:
	A picture is worth 10K words -- but only those to describe
	the picture.  Hardly any sets of 10K words can be adequately
	described with pictures.


Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly.
		-- Voltaire


Parallel lines never meet, unless you bend one or both of them.


...relaxed in the manner of a man who
has no need to put up a front of any kind.
		-- John Ball, "Mark One: the Dummy"


No matter how cynical you get, it's impossible to keep up.


A conference is a gathering of important people who singly can
do nothing but together can decide that nothing can be done.
		-- Fred Allen


Your computer account is overdrawn.  Please reauthorize.


Volcanoes have a grandeur that is grim
And earthquakes only terrify the dolts,
And to him who's scientific
There is nothing that's terrific
In the pattern of a flight of thunderbolts!
		-- W. S. Gilbert, "The Mikado"


You can't go home again, unless you set $HOME.


FOR SALE:
	Parachute.  Used once.
	Never opened.  Slightly Stained.


An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself.
		-- Albert Camus


	I'd say that VCS is more like the anal sex of the software
world: Everybody talks about it, some people do it, some people enjoy
it, but typically only vague implications about the best techniques
are ever voiced in public.
              -- Warner Losh, on Version Control Systems


King Louis gave a lesson in class,
One time while enjoying a lass.
	When she used the word "Damn"
	He rebuked her: "Please ma'am,
Keep a more civil tongue in my ass."


Your motives for doing whatever good deed you
may have in mind will be misinterpreted by somebody.


7:30, Channel 5: The Bionic Dog (Action/Adventure)
	The Bionic Dog drinks too much and kicks over the National
	Redwood Forest.


Working here is like a pregnancy.
After nine months you wish you hadn't come.


	"First, I'm going to buy you a few drinks and get you a little tight,"
said the guy aggressively.
	"Oh, no, you're not," said the girl.
	"Then I'll take you to dinner at the most exclusive restaurant in
town."
	"Oh, no, you won't."
	"Then I'll take you to my apartment and mix up a pitcher of daiquiris."
	"Oh, no, you won't."
	"Then I'm going to make violent, mad, passionate love to you."
	"Oh, no, you're not."
	"And I'm not going to take any precautions either!" said the guy.
	"Oh, yes, you are!!" said the girl.


	Once there was a marine biologist who loved dolphins. He spent his
time trying to feed and protect his beloved creatures of the sea.  One day,
in a fit of inventive genius, he came up with a serum that would make
dolphins live forever!
	Of course he was ecstatic. But he soon realized that in order to mass
produce this serum he would need large amounts of a certain compound that was
only found in nature in the metabolism of a rare South American bird.  Carried
away by his love for dolphins, he resolved that he would go to the zoo and
steal one of these birds.
	Unbeknownst to him, as he was arriving at the zoo an elderly lion was
escaping from its cage.  The zookeepers were alarmed and immediately began
combing the zoo for the escaped animal, unaware that it had simply lain down
on the sidewalk and had gone to sleep.
	Meanwhile, the marine biologist arrived at the zoo and procured his
bird.  He was so excited by the prospect of helping his dolphins that he
stepped absentmindedly stepped over the sleeping lion on his way back to his
car.  Immediately, 1500 policemen converged on him and arrested him for
transporting a myna across a staid lion for immortal porpoises.


Modesty: the gentle art of enhancing your charm by pretending
	not to be aware of it.
		-- Oliver Herford


When I grow up, I want to be an honest
lawyer so things like that can't happen.
		-- Richard M. Nixon, as a boy, on the Teapot Dome scandal


O love, could thou and I with fate conspire
To grasp this sorry scheme of things entire,
Might we not smash it to bits
And mould it closer to our hearts' desire?
		-- Omar Khayyam, tr. Fitzgerald


She was only a mortician's daughter but anyone cadaver.


	On the day of his anniversary, Joe was frantically shopping
around for a present for his wife.  He knew what she wanted, a
grandfather clock for the living room, but he found the right one
almost impossible to find.  Finally, after many hours of searching, Joe
found just the clock he wanted, but the store didn't deliver.  Joe,
desperate, paid the shopkeeper, hoisted the clock onto his back, and
staggered out onto the sidewalk.  On the way home, he passed a bar.
Just as he reached the door, a drunk stumbled out and crashed into Joe,
sending himself, Joe, and the clock into the gutter.  Murphy's law
being in effect, the clock ended up in roughly a thousand pieces.
	"You stupid drunk!" screamed Joe, jumping up from the
wreckage.  "Why don't you look where the hell you're going!"
	With quiet dignity the drunk stood up somewhat unsteadily and
dusted himself off.  "And why don't you just wear a wristwatch like a
normal person?"


I am two with nature.
		-- Woody Allen


You're using a keyboard!  How quaint!


Life is difficult because it is non-linear.


Creativity is not always bred in an environment of tranquility;
sometimes you have to squeeze a little to get the paste out of the tube.


Olivier's Law:
	Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.


I am not a politician and my other habits are also good.
		-- A. Ward


Blessed is he who expects no gratitude, for he shall not be disappointed.
		-- W. C. Bennett


You always introduce the younger person to the older person, using the
wording:  "Miss Brown, I'd like to introduce you to an older person"
(unless her name is not "Miss Brown").  If you do not know a person's
age, ask for a driver's license and a major credit card.  If you are
introduced to a member of a minority group, use the "high-five" style
handshake, followed by a remark designed to show you don't mind a bit,
such as "I see you are a (name of a minority group)!  Good!"
		-- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"


Many are called, few volunteer.


If you meet somebody who tells you that he loves you more than anybody
in the whole wide world, don't trust him.  It means he experiments.


A mother mouse was taking her large brood for a stroll across the kitchen
floor one day when the local cat, by a feat of stealth unusual even for
its species, managed to trap them in a corner.  The children cowered,
terrified by this fearsome beast, plaintively crying, "Help, Mother!
Save us!  Save us!  We're scared, Mother!"
	Mother Mouse, with the hopeless valor of a parent protecting its
children, turned with her teeth bared to the cat, towering huge above them,
and suddenly began to bark in a fashion that would have done any Doberman
proud.  The startled cat fled in fear for its life.
	As her grateful offspring flocked around her shouting "Oh, Mother,
you saved us!" and "Yay!  You scared the cat away!" she turned to them
purposefully and declared, "You see how useful it is to know a second
language?"


God grant us the serenity to accept the things we cannot change, courage to
change the things we can, and wisdom to know the difference.


There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers,
having been originally breathed into a few forms or into one; and that,
whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of
gravity, from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and
most wonderful have been, and are being, evolved.
		-- Darwin


If men are not afraid to die,
it is of no avail to threaten them with death.

If men live in constant fear of dying,
And if breaking the law means a man will be killed,
Who will dare to break the law?

There is always an official executioner.
If you try to take his place,
It is like trying to be a master carpenter and cutting wood.
If you try to cut wood like a master carpenter,
	you will only hurt your hand.
		-- Tao Te Ching, "Lao Tsu, #74"


First Corollary of Taber's Second Law:
	Machines that piss people off get murdered.
		-- Pat Taber


A conservative is a man who is too cowardly to fight and too fat to run.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


My godda bless, never I see sucha people.
		-- Signor Piozzi, quoted by Cecilia Thrale


Creating computer software is always a demanding and painstaking
process -- an exercise in logic, clear expression, and almost fanatical
attention to detail.  It requires intelligence, dedication, and an
enormous amount of hard work.  But, a certain amount of unpredictable
and often unrepeatable inspiration is what usually makes the difference
between adequacy and excellence.


The sooner all the animals are dead, the sooner we'll find their money.
		-- Ed Bluestone, "The National Lampoon"


If you could only get that wonderful feeling of
accomplishment without having to accomplish anything.


Rebellion lay in his way, and he found it.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


	In the beginning was the DEMO Project.  And the Project was
without form.  And darkness was upon the staff members thereof.  So
they spake unto their Division Head, saying, "It is a crock of shit,
and it stinks."

	And the Division Head spake unto his Department Head, saying,
"It is a crock of excrement and none may abide the odor thereof."  Now,
the Department Head spake unto his Directorate Head, saying, "It is a
container of excrement, and is very strong, such that none may abide
before it."  And it came to pass that the Directorate Head spake unto
the Assistant Technical Director, saying, "It is a vessel of fertilizer
and none may abide by its strength."

	And the assistant Technical Director spake thus unto the
Technical Director, saying, "It containeth that which aids growth and
it is very strong."  And, Lo, the Technical Director spake then unto
the Captain, saying, "The powerful new Project will help promote the
growth of the Laboratories."

	And the Captain looked down upon the Project, and He saw that
it was Good!


And do you think (fop that I am) that I could be the Scarlet Pumpernickel?


Laugh and the world thinks you're an idiot.


The San Francisco police are nothing if not sensitive to the mood of the
community.  The word is that Dirty Harry has been replaced by Bitchy Gerald.


God has intended the great to be great and the little to be little...
The trade unions, under the European system, destroy liberty [...] I do
not mean to say that a dollar a day is enough to support a workingman...
not enough to support a man and five children if he insists on smoking
and drinking beer.  But the man who cannot live on bread and water is
not fit to live!  A family may live on good bread and water in the
morning, water and bread at midday, and good bread and water at night!
		-- Rev. Henry Ward Beecher


