My geometry teacher was sometimes acute, and sometimes obtuse,
but always, always, he was right.


What is a promiscuous person -- it's usually someone who is getting more
sex than you are.
		-- Victor Lownes, quoted in "In and Out: Debrett 1980-81",
		   by N. Mackwood


FACILITY REJECTED 100044200000;


Television is a medium because anything well done is rare.
		-- attributed to both Fred Allen and Ernie Kovacs


Bershere's Formula for Failure:
	There are only two kinds of people who fail: those who
	listen to nobody... and those who listen to everybody.


Ten persons who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent.
		-- Napoleon I


Everyone who comes in here wants three things:
	1. They want it quick.
	2. They want it good.
	3. They want it cheap.
I tell 'em to pick two and call me back.
		-- sign on the back wall of a small printing company


If you love something set it free.  If it doesn't
come back to you, hunt it down and kill it.


Some points to remember [about animals]:

(1) Don't go to sleep under big animals, e.g., elephants, rhinoceri,
    hippopotamuses;
(2) Don't put animals with sharp teeth or poisonous fangs down the
    front of your clothes;
(3) Don't pat certain animals, e.g., crocodiles and scorpions or dogs
    you have just kicked.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


The control of the production of wealth
is the control of human life itself.
		-- Hilaire Belloc


The computer is the ultimate polluter.
Its shit is indistinguishable from the food it produces.


The Bible says that woman was the last thing God made.
Evidently He made her on Saturday night.  She reveals his fatigue.
		-- Dumas


The louder he talked of his honour, the faster we counted our spoons.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Large increases in cost with questionable increases in
performance can be tolerated only in race horses and women.
		-- Lord Kelvin


Wombat's Laws of Computer Selection:
	(1) If it doesn't run Unix, forget it.
	(2) Any computer design over 10 years old is obsolete.
	(3) Anything made by IBM is junk. (See number 2)
	(4) The minimum acceptable CPU power for a single user is a
	    VAX/780 with a floating point accelerator.
	(5) Any computer with a mouse is worthless.
		-- Rich Kulawiec


Lack of money is the root of all evil.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Illiterate?  Write today, for free help!


What we wish, that we readily believe.
		-- Demosthenes


The yankees, son, are up north.
The damnyankees are down here.


If someone says he will do something "without fail", he won't.


I shot an arrow in to the air, and it stuck.
		-- graffito in Los Angeles

On a clear day,
U.C.L.A.
		-- graffito in San Francisco

There's so much pollution in the air now that if it weren't for our
lungs there'd be no place to put it all.
		-- Robert Orben


Neil Armstrong tripped.


Kiss your keyboard goodbye!


"I finally found out what my ranch foreman husband really meant,"
sobbed the recent bride, "when he told me he'd love me 'til the
cows came home."


GEORGIA:
	Where kinky sex means getting laid.


Hell hath no fury like a bureaucrat scorned.
		-- Milton Friedman


If I 'cp /bin/csh /dev/audio' shouldn't I hear the ocean?
		-- Danno Coppock


A [golf] ball hitting a tree shall be deemed not to have hit the tree.
Hitting a tree is simply bad luck and has no place in a scientific game.
The player should estimate the distance the ball would have traveled if it
had not hit the tree and play the ball from there, preferably atop a nice
firm tuft of grass.
		-- Donald A. Metz


Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it.
		-- Marvin, from
		   Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Would that my hand were as swift as my tongue.
		-- Alfieri


The One Page Principle:
	A specification that will not fit on one page of 8.5x11 inch paper
	cannot be understood.
		-- Mark Ardis


Q:	What do WASPs do instead of making love?
A:	Rule the country.


It's not the fall that kills you, it's the landing.


Never tell.  Not if you love your wife ... In fact, if your old lady walks
in on you, deny it.  Yeah.  Just flat out and she'll believe it: "I'm
tellin' ya.  This chick came downstairs with a sign around her neck `Lay
On Top Of Me Or I'll Die'.  I didn't know what I was gonna do..."
		-- Lenny Bruce


Ever get the feeling that the world's
on tape and one of the reels is missing?
		-- Rich Little


Welcome to Fortune Blackmail!!
	This is the first of a series of revelations which could
	add up to a divorce, premature retirement and possible
	criminal proceedings for a company vice-president in Langley Virginia.
	So, Mr. S*****, $10,000 please to stop us from revealing:
		1: Whose shoulders you were sitting on.
		2: What you were doing.
		3: The names of the three people involved.
		4: The youth organization to which they belonged.
		5: The shop where you bought the equipment.


If a man stay away from his wife for seven years, the law presumes the
separation to have killed him; yet according to our daily experience,
it might well prolong his life.
		-- Charles Darling, "Scintillae Juris, 1877


If you keep your mind sufficiently open, people will throw a lot of
rubbish into it.
		-- William Orton


Welcome to UNIX!  Enjoy your session!  Have a great time!  Note the
use of exclamation points!  They are a very effective method for
demonstrating excitement, and can also spice up an otherwise plain-looking
sentence!  However, there are drawbacks!  Too much unnecessary exclaiming
can lead to a reduction in the effect that an exclamation point has on
the reader!  For example, the sentence

	Jane went to the store to buy bread

should only be ended with an exclamation point if there is something
sensational about her going to the store, for example, if Jane is a
cocker spaniel or if Jane is on a diet that doesn't allow bread or if
Jane doesn't exist for some reason!  See how easy it is?!  Proper control
of exclamation points can add new meaning to your life!  Call now to receive
my free pamphlet, "The Wonder and Mystery of the Exclamation Point!"!
Enclose fifteen(!) dollars for postage and handling!  Operators are
standing by!  (Which is pretty amazing, because they're all cocker spaniels!)


ALASKA:
	A prelude to "No."


What passes for woman's intuition is often nothing
more than man's transparency.
		-- George Nathan


What passes for optimism is most often the effect of an intellectual error.
		-- Raymond Aron, "The Opium of the Intellectuals"


Lucky, adj.:
	When you have a wife and a cigarette
	lighter -- both of which work.


Great American Axiom:
	Some is good, more is better, too much is just right.


Reporter:   "What would you do if you found a million dollars?"
Yogi Berra: "If the guy was poor, I would give it back."


Zeal, n.:
	Quality seen in new graduates -- if you're quick.


Wet dream, n.:
	Overnight sensation.


There are Jews in the world, there are Buddhists,	Every sperm is sacred,
there are Hindus and Mormons and then			Every sperm is great,
there are those that follow Mohammed  ...But...		If a sperm is wasted,
I've never been one of them.				God gets quite irate.

I am a Roman Catholic					Every sperm is wanted,
And have been since before I was born,			Every sperm is good.
And the one thing they say about Catholics is		Every sperm is needed,
They'll take you as soon as you're warm.		In your neighborhood.

You don't have to be a six-footer.		Let the heathens spill theirs,
You don't have to have a great brain.		On the dusty ground.
You don't have to have any clothes on,		God shall make them pay for
You're a Catholic the moment Dad came		Each sperm that can't be found.
...Because...

Hindu, Taoist, Mormon,				Every sperm is useful,
spill theirs just anywhere			Every sperm is fine.
but God loves those who treat their		God needs everybodies,
semen with more care.				Mine, and mine, and mine.
		-- Monty Python, "Every Sperm is Sacred"


	"Well, it's a little rough... it might not be necessary to drag him 40
blocks.  Maybe just four.  You could put him in the trunk for the first 36
blocks, then haul him out and drag him the last four; that would certainly
scare the piss out of him, bumping alone the street, feeling all his skin being
ripped off..."
	"He'd be a bloody mess.  They might think he was just some drunk and
let him lie there all night."
	"Don't worry about that.  They have a guard station in front of the
White House that's open 24 hours a day.  The guards would recognize Colson...
and by that time of course his wife would have called the cops and reported
that a bunch of thugs had kidnapped him."
	"Wouldn't it be a little kinder if you drove about four more blocks
and stopped at a phone box to ring the hospital and say, 'Would you mind going
around to the front of the White House?  There's a naked man lying outside
in the street, bleeding to death...'"
	"... and we think it's Mr. Colson."
	"It would be quite a story for the newspapers, wouldn't it?"
	"Yeah, I think it's safe to say we'd see some headlines on that one."
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, talking to R. Steadman on C. Colson,
		   ex-Marine captain, now born again, of Watergate fame.


Coach: What would you say to a beer, Normie?
Norm:  Daddy wuvs you.
		-- Cheers, The Mail Goes to Jail

Sam:  What'd you like, Normie?
Norm: A reason to live.  Gimme another beer.
		-- Cheers, Behind Every Great Man

Sam:	What will you have, Norm?
Norm:	Well, I'm in a gambling mood, Sammy.  I'll take a glass
	of whatever comes out of that tap.
Sam:	Oh, looks like beer, Norm.
Norm:	Call me Mister Lucky.
		-- Cheers, The Executive's Executioner


Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy.
		-- Charlie McCarthy


The Buddha, the Godhead, resides quite as comfortably in the circuits of a
digital computer or the gears of a cycle transmission as he does at the top
of a mountain or in the petals of a flower.  To think otherwise is to demean
the Buddha -- which is to demean oneself.
		-- Robert Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"


If Machiavelli were a programmer, he'd have worked for AT&T.


Here I am, fifty-eight, and I still don't know what I want to be when
I grow up.
		-- Peter Drucker


Those of you who think you know everything are very annoying to those
of us who do.


Each man is his own prisoner, in solitary confinement for life.


Conscience is defined as the thing that hurts
when everything else feels great.


I'd probably settle for a vampire if he were romantic enough.
Couldn't be any worse than some of the relationships I've had.
		-- Brenda Starr


[Prime Minister MacDonald] has the gift of compressing the
largest amount of words into the smallest amount of thought.
		-- Winston Churchill


Surprise due today.  Also the rent.


Symbolic representation of quantitative entities is doomed to its rightful
place of minor importance in a world where flowers and beautiful women abound.
		-- Albert Einstein


Sex is like pizza -- when it's good, it's great; and when it's bad,
it's still darn tasty!


Don't abandon hope.
Your Captain Midnight decoder ring arrives tomorrow.


If men acted after marriage as they do during courtship, there would
be fewer divorces -- and more bankruptcies.
		-- Frances Rodman


Barth's Distinction:
	There are two types of people: those who divide people into two
types, and those who don't.


	The programmers of old were mysterious and profound.  We cannot fathom
their thoughts, so all we do is describe their appearance.
	Aware, like a fox crossing the water.  Alert, like a general on the
battlefield.  Kind, like a hostess greeting her guests. Simple, like uncarved
blocks of wood.  Opaque, like black pools in darkened caves.
	Who can tell the secrets of their hearts and minds?
	The answer exists only in the Tao.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


You single-handedly fought your way into this hopeless mess.


Excellent day to have a rotten day.


Have at you!


Clitoris, n.:
	A haired trigger.


I do hate sums.  There is no greater mistake than to call arithmetic an
exact science.  There are permutations and aberrations discernible to
minds entirely noble like mine; subtle variations which ordinary
accountants fail to discover; hidden laws of number which it requires a
mind like mine to perceive.  For instance, if you add a sum from the
bottom up, and then again from the top down, the result is always
different.
		-- Mrs. La Touche (19th cent.)


It occurred to me lately that nothing has occurred to me lately.


What the fuck, over?


Cunnilingus is next to cleanliness.


A '49er walked into the saloon at Bloody Gulch.  He'd been prospecting for
more than a year.
	"Hey!  Y'got any wimmen around here?"
	"Nope," the bartender replied, "But there's George in the back room."
	"I don't go for that kind of thing," the prospector scowled.  He
downed his drink and left disgustedly.
A few months passed before the miner found his way down the mountain again.
He stumbled into the tavern and asked the bartender, "Any wimmen pass through
this part of town?"
	"Nope.  Nary a one.  But we still got George in the back room."
	Angry, the miner shouted, "I told you I don't go for that kind of
thing," and turned on his heel and left.
	Within a year he came back from his mine again.  With a wild look on
his face he re-entered the saloon.  Leaning over the bar he whispered to the
bartender, "If I was to go into the back room with George, how many people
'round here would know?"
	"Oh," the bartender said, scratching his chin, "'bout seven, I guess."
	"Seven!?"
	"Yep.  You, me, George, and the four men holdin' him down.  You see,
George don't go for that kind of thing neither."


A conclusion is simply the place where someone got tired of thinking.


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #3
	A New York City judge ruled that if two women behind you at the
movies insist on discussing the probable outcome of the film, you have the
right to turn around and blow a Bronx cheer at them.


My godda bless, never I see sucha people.
		-- Signor Piozzi, quoted by Cecilia Thrale


Manly's Maxim:
	Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion
	with confidence.


Whatever you say about pornography, sex is here to stay.


...that the notions of "hardware", and "software" should be extended by
the notion of LIVEWARE - being that which produces software for use on
hardware.  This produces an obvious extension to the concept of MONITORS.
A liveware monitor is a person dedicated to the task of ensuring that the
liveware does not interfere with the real-time processes, invoking the
REAL-TIME EXECUTIONER to delete liveware that adversely affects ...
		-- Linden and Wihelminalaan


If you can't say anything good about someone, sit right here by me.
		-- Alice Roosevelt Longworth


Women are just like men, only different.


The climate of Bombay is such that its inhabitants have to live elsewhere.


The little pieces of my life I give to you,
with love, to make a quilt to keep away the cold.


My favorite sandwich is peanut butter, baloney, cheddar cheese, lettuce
and mayonnaise on toasted bread with catsup on the side.
		-- Hubert H. Humphrey


FORTUNE'S GUIDE TO DEALING WITH REAL-LIFE SCIENCE FICTION: #14
What to do...
    if reality disappears?
	Hope this one doesn't happen to you.  There isn't much that you
	can do about it.  It will probably be quite unpleasant.

    if you meet an older version of yourself who has invented a time
    traveling machine, and has come from the future to meet you?
	Play this one by the book.  Ask about the stock market and cash in.
	Don't forget to invent a time traveling machine and visit your
	younger self before you die, or you will create a paradox.  If you
	expect this to be tricky, make sure to ask for the principles
	behind time travel, and possibly schematics.  Never, NEVER, ask
	when you'll die, or if you'll marry your current SO.


Pubic hair, n.:
	Organic dental floss.


OLD FELLA RED CLARET
	Produce of Australia -- "The Big 69'er"

An unusual "Rough-as-Guts" wine that has the Distinctive Bouquet of old
and ill-cared for animals.  It is best drunk with the teeth clenched to
prevent ingestion of the seeds and skins.  Connoisseurs will savour the
slight Tannin Taste of burnt shag feathers and soiled medical dressings.
Possessors of a cultivated Palate admire the initial assault on the taste
buds which comes from the careful and loving blending of circus hosings
with perished jock straps.  The maturing in Midland Abattoir hogsheads
gives it a very Definite Nose.  With the bouquet like an aborigine's armpit.
In the United States this wine is marketed as Crow Brand (9 out of 10 people
who drink it for the first time exclaim "VRAAAARRRRRK").

It won a Bronze at the "Kings Cross Homosexuals Convention" of 1973

Warning: Avoid contact with eyes and open cuts.
	 Keep away from open naked flames -- both old and new.


No Civil War picture ever made a nickel.
		-- MGM executive Irving Thalberg to Louis B. Mayer about
		   film rights to "Gone With the Wind".
		   Cerf/Navasky, "The Experts Speak"


Such efforts are almost always slow, laborious, political,
petty, boring, ponderous, thankless, and of the utmost criticality.
		-- Leonard Kleinrock, on standards efforts


HOW YOU CAN TELL THAT IT'S GOING TO BE A ROTTEN DAY:
	#32: You call your answering service and they've never heard of
	     you.


Immature artists imitate, mature artists steal.
		-- Lionel Trilling


Many pages make a thick book.


I have already given two cousins to the war and I stand ready to
sacrifice my wife's brother.
		-- Artemus Ward


$100 invested at 7% interest for 100 years will become $100,000, at
which time it will be worth absolutely nothing.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"


Your wig steers the gig.
		-- Lord Buckley


Real class, adj.:
	When you're by yourself, fart, and say "Excuse me."


	A man dies and is getting his tour of heaven.  His guide is pointing
out the various features and landmarks when the man asks, "What's that cliff?"
	"Oh, you don't want to look down there.  That's hell!"
	The man creeps up to the edge and looks over.  He sees lush, green
valleys, verdant farmland and trees everywhere.  "This doesn't look so bad,"
he says.
	Puzzled, the guide comes over and looks down.  "Damn!" he snaps,
"Those Mormons have been irrigating again!"


FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #2

	Never goose a wolverine.


If we suffer tamely a lawless attack upon our liberty,
we encourage it, and involve others in our doom.
		-- Samuel Adams


Mathematics deals exclusively with the relations of concepts
to each other without consideration of their relation to experience.
		-- Albert Einstein


Mieux vaut tard que jamais!


I'm always looking for a new idea that
will be more productive than its cost.
		-- David Rockefeller


All I want is a warm bed and a kind word and unlimited power.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


If the odds are a million to one against something
occurring, chances are 50-50 it will.


The great nations have always acted like gangsters and the small nations
like prostitutes.
		-- Stanley Kubrick


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(12) Freedom is God-given.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Big Toe: The pad of the male big toe applied to the clitoris or the vulva
generally is a magnificent erotic instrument.  The famous gentleman in erotic
prints who is keeping six women occupied is using tongue, penis, both hands,
and both big toes.  Use the toe in mammary or armpit intercourse or any time
you are astride her, or sit facing as she lies or sits.  Make sure the nail
isn't sharp.  In a restaurant, in these days of tights one can surreptitiously
remove a shoe and sock, reach over, and keep her in almost continuous orgasm
with all four hands fully in view on the table top and no sign of contact--
A party trick which really rates as advanced sex.  She has less scope, but
can learn to masturbate him with her two big toes.  The toes are definitely
erogenic areas, and can be kissed, sucked, tickled, or tied with stimulating
results.
		-- The Joy of Sex
		[Avoid armpit intercourse when razor stubble is present. Ed.]


The time has come for kicking ass and taking names.


If he had only learnt a little less, how
infinitely better he might have taught much more!


Meetings are an addictive, highly self indulgent activity that
corporations and other large organizations habitually engage
in only because they cannot actually masturbate.
		-- Dave Barry


You are confused; but this is your normal state.


By protracting life, we do not deduct one jot from the duration of death.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


Westheimer's Discovery:
	A couple of months in the laboratory can
	frequently save a couple of hours in the library.


You may be infinitely smaller than some things,
but you're infinitely larger than others.


Any man who hates dogs and babies can't be all bad.
		-- Leo Rosten, on W. C. Fields


Stress, n.:
	The confusion created when one's mind overrides the body's
	desire to choke the living shit out of some asshole who
	desperately needs it.


No small art is it to sleep: it is necessary
for that purpose to keep awake all day.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Rule #7: Silence is not acquiescence.
	Contrary to what you may have heard, silence of those present is
not necessarily consent, even the reluctant variety.  They simply may
sit in stunned silence and figure ways of sabotaging the plan after they
regain their composure.


"Well, I took your advice, Doc", said Knopp,
"And told my wife to try it on top.
	She bounced for an hour,
	Till she ran out of power,
And the kids, who'd grown bored, made us stop."


A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
		-- Gloria Steinem


QOTD:
	"What would the world be like without men?  A lot of fat,
	happy women."


Hang gliders come down very slowly.


You cannot have a science without measurement.
		-- R. W. Hamming


The greatest productive force is human selfishness.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


A team effort is a lot of people doing what I say.
		-- Michael Winner, British film director


	Moving along a dimly light street, a man I know was suddenly
approached by a stranger who had slipped from the shadows nearby.
	"Please, sir," pleaded the stranger, "would you be so kind as
to help a poor unfortunate fellow who is hungry and can't find work?
All I have in the world is this gun."


Ignorance is never out of style.  It was in fashion yesterday, it is the
rage today, and it will set the pace tomorrow.
		-- Franklin K. Dane


Pure drivel tends to drive ordinary drivel off of the TV screen.


The first guy that rats gets a bellyful of slugs in the head.  Understand?
		-- Joey Glimco, trade unionist


Computers will not be perfected until they can compute how much more
than the estimate the job will cost.


