Trouble always comes at the wrong time.


I gave up Smoking, Drinking and Sex.  It was the most *_h_o_r_r_i_f_y_i_n_g* 20
minutes of my life!


A great nation is any mob of people which produces at least one honest
man a century.


Every paper published in a respectable journal should have a preface by
the author stating why he is publishing the article, and what value he
sees in it.  I have no hope that this practice will ever be adopted.
		-- Morris Kline


How can you do "New Math" problems with an "Old Math" mind?
		-- Schulz


Cogito ergo I'm right and you're wrong.
		-- Blair Houghton


What the hell, go ahead and put all your eggs in one basket.


I used to have a drinking problem.
Now I love the stuff.


On ability:
	A dwarf is small, even if he stands on a mountain top;
	a colossus keeps his height, even if he stands in a well.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca, 4BC - 65AD


While most peoples' opinions change,
the conviction of their correctness never does.


Every man who has reached even his intellectual teens begins to suspect
that life is no farce; that it is not genteel comedy even; that it flowers
and fructifies on the contrary out of the profoundest tragic depths of the
essential death in which its subject's roots are plunged.  The natural
inheritance of everyone who is capable of spiritual life is an unsubdued
forest where the wolf howls and the obscene bird of night chatters.
		-- Henry James Sr., writing to his sons Henry and William


QOTD:
	"It's a cold bowl of chili, when love don't work out."


Old MacDonald had an agricultural real estate tax abatement.


When I kill, the only thing I feel is recoil.


All flesh is grass.
		-- Isaiah 40:6
Smoke a friend today.


Couldn't we jury-rig the cat to act as an audio switch, and have it yell
at people to save their core images before logging them out?  I'm sure
the cattle prod would be effective in this regard.  In any case, a traverse
mounted iguana, while more perverted, gives better traction, not to mention
being easier to stake.


Q:	What does a blonde do first thing in the morning?
A:	She goes home.

Q:	Why does a blonde have fur on the hem of her dress?
A:	To keep her neck warm.

Q:	How do you make a blonde laugh on Monday?
A:	Tell her a joke on Friday.


When I kill, the only thing I feel is recoil.


Unitarians pray "To whom it may concern".


The law will never make men free; it is men who have got to make the
law free.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


Even a cabbage may look at a king.


This wasn't just plain terrible, this was fancy terrible.
This was terrible with raisins in it.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Bagbiter:
	1. n.; Equipment or program that fails, usually
intermittently.  2. adj.:  Failing hardware or software.  "This
bagbiting system won't let me get out of spacewar."  Usage:  verges on
obscenity.  Grammatically separable; one may speak of "biting the
bag".  Synonyms: LOSER, LOSING, CRETINOUS, BLETCHEROUS, BARFUCIOUS,
CHOMPER, CHOMPING.


A computer scientist is someone who fixes things that aren't broken.


You might get caught holding the bag.  Say she's your sister.


Woman would be more charming if one could
fall into her arms without falling into her hands.
		-- DeGourmont


Murphy's Laws:
	(1) If anything can go wrong, it will.
	(2) Nothing is as easy as it looks.
	(3) Everything takes longer than you think it will.


	... This striving for excellence extends into people's
personal lives as well.  When '80s people buy something, they buy the
best one, as determined by (1) price and (2) lack of availability.
Eighties people buy imported dental floss.  They buy gourmet baking
soda.  If an '80s couple goes to a restaurant where they have made a
reservation three weeks in advance, and they are informed that their
table is available, they stalk out immediately, because they know it is
not an excellent restaurant.  If it were, it would have an enormous
crowd of excellence-oriented people like themselves waiting, their
beepers going off like crickets in the night.  An excellent restaurant
wouldn't have a table ready immediately for anybody below the rank of
Liza Minnelli.
		-- Dave Barry, "In Search of Excellence"


Justice is incidental to law and order.
		-- J. Edgar Hoover


Tonight you will pay the wages of sin;
Don't forget to leave a tip.


1. Never give anything away for nothing.  2. Never give more than
you have to (always catch the buyer hungry and always make him wait).
3. Always take back everything if you possibly can.
		-- William S. Burroughs, on drug pushing


Whip it, whip it good!


/usr/news/gotcha


Speak softly and carry a +6 two-handed sword.


