Q:	How do you catch a unique rabbit?
A:	Unique up on it!

Q:	How do you catch a tame rabbit?
A:	The tame way!


Although it is still a truism in industry that "no one was ever fired for
buying IBM," Bill O'Neil, the chief technology officer at Drexel Burnham
Lambert, says he knows for a fact that someone has been fired for just that
reason.  He knows it because he fired the guy.
	"He made a bad decision, and what it came down to was, 'Well, I
bought it because I figured it was safe to buy IBM,'"  Mr. O'Neil says.
"I said, 'No.  Wrong.  Game over.  Next contestant, please.'"
		-- The Wall Street Journal, December 6, 1989


If you took all of the grains of sand in the world, and lined
them up end to end in a row, you'd be working for the government!
		-- Mr. Interesting


No matter what happens, there is always someone who knew it would.


The USA is so enormous, and so numerous are its schools, colleges and
religious seminaries, many devoted to special religious beliefs ranging
from the unorthodox to the dotty, that we can hardly wonder at its
yielding a more bounteous harvest of gobbledygook than the rest of the
world put together.
		-- Sir Peter Medawar


You will gain money by an immoral action.


A psychiatrist is a person who will give you expensive answers that
your wife will give you for free.


Be frank and explicit with your lawyer ... it is his business to confuse
the issue afterwards.


Goodbye, cool world.


A sect or party is an elegant incognito devised to save a man from
the vexation of thinking.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Journals" (1831)


Readers Ask:
	Is it possible to kill a vampire with a gun?

Vampires are a source of great irritation to the average homeowner and it is
usually to one's advantage to remove these pests as rapidly as possible.  If
a professional exterminator specializing in the undead is unavailable, it is
possible to handle the situation with common household items.  However, much
of the common folklore of vanquishing the undead needs clarifying.  First,
driving a sharpened Louisville Slugger through a vampire's heart will NOT kill
it.  Since it's not quite alive, why would the heart be any different than
puncturing it in the, for example, left buttock?  Stake driving should be
avoided at any cost since its effect will be to terribly annoy the vampire,
and the last thing you want on your hands is an irate Lord of Darkness.
Handguns are also a definite no-no.  Common sense indicates that it requires
more to defeat an incarnation of evil than hurling lumps of lead or silver
through its body.  One time-honored method is to expose the vampire to the
sun, sever its head (any power saw should be sufficient), fill its mouth with
holy wafers (vanilla wafers over which the Lord's prayer has been read will
do in a pinch), immerse the head in an urn filled with holy water, place the
urn in consecrated lands and bury the rest of the body underneath a crossroad
(i.e. the intersection of Broad & Chestnut).  Sure, it's a lot of work.  But
you'll never have to worry about those damn bats pestering the neighbors again.


Sudden Death Dating:

Quote, female:
	Am I worried about taking his last name?  Forget it,
	at this point I'll take his first name, too.


	A man enters a pet shop, seeking to purchase a parrot.  He points
to a fine colorful bird and asks how much it costs.
	When he is told it costs 70,000 zlotys, he whistles in amazement
and asks why it is so much.  "Well, the bird is fluent in Italian and
French and can recite the periodic table."  He points to another bird
and is told that it costs 90,000 zlotys because it speaks French and
German, can knit and can curse in Latin.
	Finally the customer asks about a drab gray bird.  "Ah," he is
told, "that one is 150,000."
	"Why, what can it do?" he asks.
	"Well," says the shopkeeper, "to tell you the truth, he doesn't
do anything, but the other birds call him Mr. Secretary."
		-- being told in Poland, 1987


Osborn's Law:
	Variables won't; constants aren't.


Then there was the Formosan bartender named Taiwan-On.


Who made the world I cannot tell;
'Tis made, and here am I in hell.
My hand, though now my knuckles bleed,
I never soiled with such a deed.
		-- A. E. Housman


Hackers do it bottom-up.


The chain which can be yanked is not the eternal chain.
		-- G. Fitch


Once the realization is accepted that even between the closest human beings
infinite distances continue to exist, a wonderful living side by side can
grow up, if they succeed in loving the distance between them which makes it
possible for each to see each other whole against the sky.
		-- Rainer Rilke


Harriet's Dining Observation:
	In every restaurant, the hardness of the butter pats
	increases in direct proportion to the softness of the bread.


Civilization is the limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities.
		-- Mark Twain


People who claim they don't let little things bother
them have never slept in a room with a single mosquito.


For people who like that kind of book,
that is the kind of book they will like.


It doesn't much signify whom one marries, for one is sure to find out
next morning it was someone else.
		-- Rogers


How do I love thee?  My accumulator overflows.


QOTD:
	"I'd never marry a woman who didn't like pizza.  I might play
	golf with her, but I wouldn't marry her."


Thou hast seen nothing yet.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


	There was a mad scientist (a mad... social... scientist) who kidnapped
three colleagues, an engineer, a physicist, and a mathematician, and locked
each of them in separate cells with plenty of canned food and water but no
can opener.
	A month later, returning, the mad scientist went to the engineer's
cell and found it long empty.  The engineer had constructed a can opener from
pocket trash, used aluminum shavings and dried sugar to make an explosive,
and escaped.
	The physicist had worked out the angle necessary to knock the lids
off the tin cans by throwing them against the wall.  She was developing a good
pitching arm and a new quantum theory.
	The mathematician had stacked the unopened cans into a surprising
solution to the kissing problem; his desiccated corpse was propped calmly
against a wall, and this was inscribed on the floor:
	Theorem: If I can't open these cans, I'll die.
	Proof: assume the opposite...


What I mean (and everybody else means) by the word QUALITY cannot be
broken down into subjects and predicates.  This is not because Quality
is so mysterious but because Quality is so simple, immediate, and direct.
		-- Robert Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"


I'm not a pheasant plucker,
I'm a pheasant plucker's son.
I'm just a'plucking pheasants
'Til the pheasant plucker comes.
		-- The Irish Rovers


What does it take for Americans to do great things; to go to the moon, to
win wars, to dig canals linking oceans, to build railroads across a continent?
In independent thought about this question, Neil Armstrong and I concluded
that it takes a coincidence of four conditions, or in Neil's view, the
simultaneous peaking of four of the many cycles of American life.  First, a
base of technology must exist from which to do the thing to be done.  Second,
a period of national uneasiness about America's place in the scheme of human
activities must exist.  Third, some catalytic event must occur that focuses
the national attention upon the direction to proceed.  Finally, an articulate
and wise leader must sense these first three conditions and put forth with
words and action the great thing to be accomplished.  The motivation of young
Americans to do what needs to be done flows from such a coincidence of
conditions. ...  The Thomas Jeffersons, The Teddy Roosevelts, The John
Kennedys appear.  We must begin to create the tools of leadership which they,
and their young frontiersmen, will require to lead us onward and upward.
		-- Dr. Harrison H. Schmidt


No poet or novelist wishes he was the only one who ever lived, but most of
them wish they were the only one alive, and quite a number fondly believe
their wish has been granted.
		-- W. H. Auden, "The Dyer's Hand"


Any great truth can -- and eventually will -- be expressed as a cliche --
a cliche is a sure and certain way to dilute an idea.  For instance, my
grandmother used to say, "The black cat is always the last one off the
fence."  I have no idea what she meant, but at one time, it was undoubtedly
true.
		-- Solomon Short


It was a Roman who said it was sweet to die for one's country.  The Greeks
never said it was sweet to die for anything.  They had no vital lies.
		-- Edith Hamilton, "The Greek Way"


Be regular and orderly in your life, so that you may be violent
and original in your work.
		-- Flaubert


Never eat at a place called Mom's.  Never play cards with a man named Doc.
And never lie down with a woman who's got more troubles than you.
		-- Nelson Algren, "What Every Young Man Should Know"


Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow you may work.


Very few modern women either like or desire marriage, especially after the
ceremony has been performed.  Primarily women wish attention and affection.
Matrimony is something they accept when there is no alternative.  Really,
it is a waste of time, and hazardous, to marry them.  It leaves one open
to a rival.  Husbands, good or bad, always have rivals.  Lovers, never.
		-- Helen Lawrenson, "Esquire"


Calm down, it's only ones and zeroes,
Calm down, it's only bits and bytes,
Calm down, and speak to me in English,
Please realize that I'm not one of your computerites.


Join the army, see the world, meet interesting,
exciting people, and kill them.


We are not loved by our friends for what we are;
rather, we are loved in spite of what we are.
		-- Victor Hugo


So, you better watch out!
You better not cry!
You better not pout!
I'm telling you why,
Santa Claus is coming, to town.

He knows when you've been sleeping,
He know when you're awake.
He knows if you've been bad or good,
He has ties with the CIA.
So...


The state law of Pennsylvania prohibits singing in the bathtub.


Accident, n.:
	A condition in which presence of mind is good,
	but absence of body is better.
		-- Foolish Dictionary


Q:	How do you play religious roulette?
A:	You stand around in a circle and blaspheme and see who gets struck
	by lightning first.


Don't be irreplaceable, if you can't be replaced, you can't be promoted.


That's odd.  That's very odd.
Wouldn't you say that's very odd?


The disks are getting full; purge a file today.


No, I'm not interested in developing a powerful brain.  All I'm after is
just a mediocre brain, something like the president of American Telephone
and Telegraph Company.
		-- Alan Turing on the possibilities of a thinking
		   machine, 1943.


Mathematics is the only science where one never knows what
one is talking about nor whether what is said is true.
		-- Russell


Be cautious in your daily affairs.


Better hope the life-inspector doesn't come
around while you have your life in such a mess.


To stand and be still,
At the Birkenhead drill,
Is a damned tough bullet to chew.
		-- Rudyard Kipling


Hey, what do you expect from a culture that
*drives* on *parkways* and *parks* on *driveways*?
		-- Gallagher


I went to a job interview the other day, the guy asked me if I had any
questions, I said yes, just one, if you're in a car traveling at the
speed of light and you turn your headlights on, does anything happen?

He said he couldn't answer that, I told him sorry, but I couldn't work
for him then.
		-- Steven Wright


No animal should ever jump on the dining room furniture unless
absolutely certain he can hold his own in conversation.
		-- Fran Lebowitz


The best things in life are for a fee.


Fortunately, the responsibility for providing evidence is on the part of
the person making the claim, not the critic.  It is not the responsibility
of UFO skeptics to prove that a UFO has never existed, nor is it the
responsibility of paranormal-health-claims skeptics to prove that crystals
or colored lights never healed anyone.  The skeptic's role is to point out
claims that are not adequately supported by acceptable evidence and to
provide plausible alternative explanations that are more in keeping with
the accepted body of scientific evidence.
		-- Thomas L. Creed, The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. XII,
		   No. 2, pg. 215


YOUR FOAMY FUTURE
	by Miss Fortune

AQUARIUS (Jan. 20 - Feb. 18)
	You have nothing better to think about than what to wear and what
type of champagne to take to the neighbors Halloween Party.  Just take beer!
Don't try to copy the "Joneses", pull them up to your level and remember, in
California Halloween is redundant anyhow.

PISCES (Feb. 19 - March 20)
	Focus on strengthening friendships this Fall.  You find others are
fascinated by your intelligence, your wit, your drinking ability, and your
bank account.  Just make sure you realize it's far more impressive when
other discover your good qualities without your help.


Her daughter, thought worried Ms. Coffin,
Had morals the city might soften.
	So she phoned and asked, "Lynn,
	Are you living in sin?"
Lynn said, "No -- but I visit there often."


As some day it may happen that a victim must be found
I've got a little list -- I've got a little list
Of society offenders who might well be underground
And who never would be missed -- who never would be missed.
		-- Koko, "The Mikado"


The covers of this book are too far apart.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, reviewing a book


My mother wants grandchildren, so I said, "Mom, go for it!"
		-- Sue Murphy


Bus error -- driver executed.


Infancy, n.:
	The period of our lives when, according to Wordsworth, "Heaven lies
	about us."  The world begins lying about us pretty soon afterward.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


When users see one GUI as beautiful,
other user interfaces become ugly.
When users see some programs as winners,
other programs become lossage.

Pointers and NULLs reference each other.
High level and assembler depend on each other.
Double and float cast to each other.
High-endian and low-endian define each other.
While and until follow each other.

Therefore the Guru
programs without doing anything
and teaches without saying anything.
Warnings arise and he lets them come;
processes are swapped and he lets them go.
He has but doesn't possess,
acts but doesn't expect.
When his work is done, he deletes it.
That is why it lasts forever.


Profanity is the one language all programmers know best.


If you see an onion ring -- answer it!


SEX-CHANGE NUN BECOMES TV WRESTLER!!!
	details at 11!


Some people seem to think that "damn" is God's last name.


FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #5

	Don't wear your spurs while making love in a waterbed.


Sex is just one damp thing after another.


Mrs. Johnson had a very beautiful and intelligent parrot.  He had just one
problem: He liked to fuck Mr. Hawkins' chickens.  Mrs. Johnson scolded him
time and time again, but he would just laugh at her.  Finally, she told him
that if he did it again, she would cut off all of the feathers on the top of
his head.  Well, he resisted the urge for a week, but one day, he just
couldn't resist going next door.  Besides, he figured she was bluffing.
	Well, Mr. Hawkins came over, ranting and raving about how the parrot
had been fucking his chickens again.  Mrs. Johnson didn't say a word, just
took out her scissors and cut off all of the parrot's head feathers.
	That night, Mrs. Johnson had a big party at her house.  Before it
started, she took the parrot and put him on top of the piano by the front
door.  "Since you disobeyed me today, you have to stay here on the piano
tonight.  Now, don't you dare move."
	Well, the parrot was pretty pissed off about having his head bare,
and he wasn't too happy about having to spend the whole evening on the piano.
Still, as he usually did, when the butler would announce the guests as they
arrived, he would say hello to them.  Just then, two bald-headed men came to
the door.
	Before the butler could say anything, the parrot yelled, "Okay, you
chicken-fuckers, up here on the piano with me!"


Most people don't need a great deal of love
nearly so much as they need a steady supply.


When it comes to broken marriages most husbands will split the blame --
half his wife's fault, and half her mother's.


If all the seas were ink,
And all the reeds were pens,
And all the skies were parchment,
And all the men could write,
These would not suffice
To write down all the red tape
Of this Government.


Conservative, n.:
	One who admires radicals centuries after they're dead.
		-- Leo C. Rosten


Some of the greatest love affairs I've known have involved one actor,
unassisted.
		-- Wilson Mizner


Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down.


If only is was as easy to banish hunger by rubbing the belly as it is to
masturbate.
		-- Diogenes the Cynic


I sold my memoirs of my love life to Parker
Brothers -- they're going to make a game out of it.
		-- Woody Allen


You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.


You buy a judge by weight, like iron in a junk yard.  A justice of the
peace or a magistrate can be had for a five-dollar bill.  In the
municipal courts, he will cost you ten.  In the circuit or superior
courts, he wants fifteen.  The state appellate courts or the state
supreme court is on a par with the Federal courts.  By the time a judge
reaches such courts, he is middle-aged, thick around the middle, fat
between the ears.  He's heavy.  You can't buy a Federal judge for less
than a twenty-dollar bill.
		-- Jake "Greasy Thumb" Guzik


God is omnipotent, omniscient, and omnibenevolent -- it says so right here
on the label.  If you have a mind capable of believing all three of these
divine attributes simultaneously, I have a wonderful bargain for you.  No
checks, please.  Cash and in small bills.
		-- Lazarus Long


Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.


In our civilization, and under our republican form of government, intelligence
is so highly honored that it is rewarded by exemption from the cares of office.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Some don't prefer the pursuit of happiness to the happiness of pursuit.


For some reason, this fortune reminds everyone of Marvin Zelkowitz.


All of us should treasure his Oriental wisdom and his preaching of a
Zen-like detachment, as exemplified by his constant reminder to clerks,
tellers, or others who grew excited by his presence in their banks:
"Just lie down on the floor and keep calm."
		-- Robert Wilson, "John Dillinger Died for You"


And here I wait so patiently
Waiting to find out what price
You have to pay to get out of
Going thru all of these things twice
		-- Dylan, "Memphis Blues Again"


Climbing onto a bar stool, a piece of string asked for a beer.
	"Wait a minute.  Aren't you a string?"
	"Well, yes, I am."
	"Sorry.  We don't serve strings here."
	The determined string left the bar and stopped a passer-by.  "Excuse,
me," it said, "would you shred my ends and tie me up like a pretzel?"  The
passer-by obliged, and the string re-entered the bar.  "May I have a beer,
please?" it asked the bartender.
	The barkeep set a beer in front of the string, then suddenly stopped.
"Hey, aren't you the string I just threw out of here?"
	"No, I'm a frayed knot."


	"Don't you think what we're doing is wrong?"
	"Of course it's wrong!  It's illegal!"
	"Well, I've never done anything illegal before."
	"... I thought you said you were an accountant."


1. Never give anything away for nothing.  2. Never give more than
you have to (always catch the buyer hungry and always make him wait).
3. Always take back everything if you possibly can.
		-- William S. Burroughs, on drug pushing


Rebellion lay in his way, and he found it.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


Sorry never means having you're say to love.


You will have domestic happiness and faithful friends.


If today is the first day of the rest of your life, what the hell was
yesterday?


The best rebuttal to this kind of statistical argument came from the
redoubtable John W. Campbell:

	The laws of population growth tell us that approximately half the
	people who were ever born in the history of the world are now
	dead.  There is therefore a 0.5 probability that this message is
	being read by a corpse.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(17) The greatest football team in the history of civilization was the
     Pittsburgh Steelers of 1975 through 1980.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


The cost of living has just gone up another dollar a quart.
		-- W. C. Fields


My theology, briefly, is that the universe was dictated but not signed.
		-- Christopher Morley


Getting Cheryl to shed her apparel
Is like shooting goldfish in a barrel.
	But her genital area
	Is so vast it'll scareya,
And you venture inside at your peril.


Committee, n.:
	A group of men who individually can do nothing but as a group
	decide that nothing can be done.
		-- Fred Allen


Abraham Lincoln didn't die in vain.  He died in Washington, D.C.


We dedicate this book to our fellow citizens who, for love of truth,
take from their own wants by taxes and gifts, and now and then send
forth one of themselves as dedicated servant, to forward the search
into the mysteries and marvelous simplicities of this strange and
beautiful Universe, Our home.
		-- "Gravitation", Misner, Thorne, and Wheeler


When the candles are out all women are fair.
		-- Plutarch


XML is like violence: if it doesn't solve your problem, you aren't using
enough of it.
		-- XML guru Chris Maden


An interpretation I satisfies a sentence in the table language if and only if
each entry in the table designates the value of the function designated by the
function constant in the upper-left corner applied to the objects designated
by the corresponding row and column labels.
		-- Genesereth & Nilsson,
		   "Logical foundations of Artificial Intelligence"


If at first you do succeed, try to hide your astonishment.


Q:	What do you call a brunette between two blondes?
A:	An interpreter.

Q:	Why do blondes have square breasts?
A:	They forgot to take the tissues out of the box.

Q:	What do you call ten blonds in a row?
A:	A wind tunnel.


FEAR:
	What you feel when you see a U-Haul with Texas license plates.


The Wright Brothers weren't the first to fly.
They were just the first not to crash.


In this world there are only two tragedies.  One is
not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Flappity, floppity, flip
The mouse on the m"obius strip;
	The strip revolved,
	The mouse dissolved
In a chronodimensional skip.


