There's only one way to have a happy marriage
and as soon as I learn what it is I'll get married again.
		-- Clint Eastwood


No Civil War picture ever made a nickel.
		-- MGM executive Irving Thalberg to Louis B. Mayer about
		   film rights to "Gone With the Wind".
		   Cerf/Navasky, "The Experts Speak"


One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible.
Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought,
a rivalry of aim.
		-- Henry Brook Adams


The day-to-day travails of the IBM programmer are so amusing to most of us
who are fortunate enough never to have been one -- like watching Charlie
Chaplin trying to cook a shoe.


It is better to kiss an avocado than to get in a fight with an aardvark.


God is Dead.
		-- Nietzsche
Nietzsche is Dead.
		-- God
Nietzsche is God.
		-- The Dead


Wasting time is an important part of living.


Q:	Why are Unix emulators like your right hand?
A:	They're just pussy substitutes!


Girls marry for love.  Boys marry because of a chronic irritation
that causes them to gravitate in the direction of objects with
certain curvilinear properties.
		-- Ashley Montagu


Since I hurt my pendulum
My life is all erratic.
My parrot who was cordial
Is now transmitting static.
The carpet died, a palm collapsed,
The cat keeps doing poo.
The only thing that keeps me sane
Is talking to my shoe.
		-- My Shoe


The trouble is, there is an endless supply of White Men,
but there has always been a limited number of Human Beings.
		-- Little Big Man


Academicians care, that's who.


	Before he went off to the wars, King Arthur locked his lovely wife,
Guinevere, into her chastity belt.  Then he summoned his loyal friend and
subject Sir Lancelot.  "Lancelot, noble knight," said Arthur, "within this
sturdy belt is imprisoned the virtue of my wife.  The key to this chaste
treasure I will entrust to only one man in the world.  To you."
	Humbled before this great honor, Lancelot knelt, received his king's
blessing and took charge of the key.  Arthur mounted his steed and rode off.
Not half a mile from his castle, he heard hoofbeats behind him and turned to
see Sir Lancelot riding hard to catch up with him.
	"What is amiss, my friend?" asked the king.
	"My lord," gasped Lancelot, "you have given me the wrong key!"


I think there's a world market for about five computers.
		-- attr. Thomas J. Watson, Chairman of the Board, IBM (1943)


One pill makes you larger		And if you go chasing rabbits
And, one pill makes you small.		And you know you're going to fall.
And the ones that mother gives you,	Tell 'em a hookah smoking caterpillar
Don't do anything at all.		Has given you the call.
Go ask Alice				Call Alice
When she's ten feet tall.		When she was just small.

When men on the chessboard		When logic and proportion
Get up and tell you where to go.	Have fallen sloppy dead,
And you've just had some kind of	And the White Knight is talking
	mushroom				backwards
And your mind is moving low.		And the Red Queen's lost her head
Go ask Alice				Remember what the dormouse said:
I think she'll know.				Feed your head.
						Feed your head.
						Feed your head.
		-- Jefferson Airplane, "White Rabbit"


A good name lost is seldom regained.  When character is gone,
all is gone, and one of the richest jewels of life is lost forever.
		-- J. Hawes


If your enemy is buried in quicksand up to his neck, pull him out.
If he is buried up to his eyes, step on his head.
		-- Niccolo Machiavelli, "The Prince"


Q:	Why are babies born with soft spots on their heads?
A:	So you can pick 'em up five at a time.


With a bushel of apples, you can have
a hell of a time with the doctor's wife.


Harvard Law:
	Under the most rigorously controlled conditions of pressure,
	temperature, volume, humidity, and other variables, the
	organism will do as it damn well pleases.


Eat as much as you like -- just don't swallow it.
		-- Harry Secombe's diet


If you want to be ruined, marry a rich woman.
		-- Michelet


CCI Power 6/40: one board, a megabyte of cache, and an attitude...


So now
that you have-

you know, whoever

you're trying
to do

a favor
for

-you've done it-

and I'm sure
you had

a smirk
on your mouth

as you got me
into this.
		-- "To Linda", from The Poetry Of H. Ross Perot,
		   composed for Linda Wertheimer of National Public
		   Radio.  From SPY Magazine, November 1992


The Anglo-Saxon conscience does not prevent the Anglo-Saxon from
sinning, it merely prevents him from enjoying his sin.
		-- Salvador De Madariaga


	Once upon a time, there were five blind men who had the opportunity
to experience an elephant for the first time.  One approached the elephant,
and, upon encountering one of its sturdy legs, stated, "Ah, an elephant is
like a tree."  The second, after exploring the trunk, said, "No, an elephant
is like a strong hose."  The third, grasping the tail, said "Fool!  An elephant
is like a rope!"  The fourth, holding an ear, stated, "No, more like a fan."
And the fifth, leaning against the animal's side, said, "An elephant is like
a wall."  The five then began to argue loudly about who had the more accurate
perception of the elephant.
	The elephant, tiring of all this abuse, suddenly reared up and
attacked the men.  He continued to trample them until they were nothing but
bloody lumps of flesh.  Then, strolling away, the elephant remarked, "It just
goes to show that you can't depend on first impressions.  When I first saw
them I didn't think they'd be any fun at all."


Catholicism has changed tremendously in the recent years.  Now when
Communion is served there is also a salad bar.
		-- Bill Maher


Everything will be just tickety-boo today.


If you push the "extra ice" button on the soft drink vending machine,
you won't get any ice.  If you push the "no ice" button, you'll get
ice, but no cup.


A gambler was telling a friend about his first junket to Las Vegas and how
hard it was to get any sleep.
	"I was awakened at one, two and four in the morning by a
drunken chorus girl banging on the door and screaming," he recalled.
	"That's terrible," the friend said." How'd you ever get any sleep?"
	"At five o'clock I unlocked the door and let her out."


Remember, drive defensively!  And of course, the best defense is a good
offense!


They don't suffer.  They can't even speak English.
		-- George F. Baer, answering a reporter's
		   question about the suffering of starving miners.


Personifiers Unite!  You have nothing to lose but Mr. Dignity!


If graphics hackers are so smart,
why can't they get the bugs out of fresh paint?


It is better to have loved and lost than just to have lost.


Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
		-- A. H. Weiler


Man who sleep in beer keg wake up stickey.


People who take cat naps don't usually sleep in a cat's cradle.


It is true that if your paperboy throws your paper into the bushes for five
straight days it can be explained by Newton's Law of Gravity.  But it takes
Murphy's law to explain why it is happening to you.


You've got to have a gimmick if your band sucks.
		-- Gary Giddens


No amount of careful planning will ever replace dumb luck.


Patent, v.:
	A method of publicizing inventions so others can copy them.


God's plan had a great beginning,
But man spoiled his chances by sinning
	We trust that the story
	Will end in God's glory
But at present the other side's winning.


God help the troubadour who tries to be a star.  The more
that you try to find success, the more that you will fail.
		-- Phil Ochs, on the Second System Effect


If all men were brothers, would you let one marry your sister?


The propriety of some persons seems to consist in having improper
thoughts about their neighbours.
		-- F. H. Bradley


Wok, n.:
	Something to thwow at a wabbit.


Automobile, n.:
	A four-wheeled vehicle that runs up hills and down
	pedestrians.


	Three women and Feldstein were brought before the presiding judge.
The women had been arrested for soliciting and he'd been was arrested for
selling ties without a license.  "What do you do for a living?" the judge
asked, pointing at the first girl.
	"Your honor, I'm a model," she replied.
	"Thirty days," was the sentence.  The judge turned to the second
girl.  "What do you do for a living?" he asked.
	"Your honor, I'm an actress."
	"Thirty days."  Then he turned to the third girl.  "And how about
you?" he demanded.
	"Well, your honor, I'm a prostitute.  I'm not proud of it, but it's
the only way I can support my mother and my children since my husband's been
laid off."
	"For telling the truth," he said, "I'm going to suspend sentence.
Furthermore, here's $100 to help your family out."  Now he turns to Feldstein,
arrested for selling ties illegally.  "And you," he said, "what do you do
for a living?"
	"Your honor, I'm a prostitute.  I'm not proud..."


A great many people think they are thinking
when they are merely rearranging their prejudices.
		-- William James


MAC user's dynamic debugging list evaluator?  Never heard of that.


A writer is congenitally unable to tell the truth and that is why we call
what he writes fiction.
		-- William Faulkner


Our government has kept us in a perpetual state of fear -- kept us in a
continuous stampede of patriotic fervor -- with the cry of grave national
emergency...  Always there has been some terrible evil to gobble us up if we
did not blindly rally behind it by furnishing the exorbitant sums demanded.
Yet, in retrospect, these disasters seem never to have happened, seem never
to have been quite real.
		-- General Douglas MacArthur, 1957


Most public domain software is free, at least at first glance.


Lost: gray and white female cat.
Answers to electric can opener.


I know on which side my bread is buttered.
		-- John Heywood


Reporter, n.:
	A writer who guesses his way to the truth and dispels it with a
	tempest of words.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


A yawn is a silent shout.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


Elliptic paraboloids for sale.


According to the Rand McNally Places-Rated Almanac, the best place to live in
America is the city of Pittsburgh.  The city of New York came in twenty-fifth.
Here in New York we really don't care too much. Because we know that we could
beat up their city anytime.
		-- David Letterman


VIRGO (Aug 23 - Sept 22)
	You are the logical type and hate disorder.  This nitpicking is
sickening to your friends.  You are cold and unemotional and sometimes
fall asleep while making love.  Virgos make good bus drivers.


Do infants have as much fun in infancy as adults do in adultery?


We're mortal -- which is to say, we're ignorant, stupid, and sinful --
but those are only handicaps.  Our pride is that nevertheless, now and
then, we do our best.  A few times we succeed.  What more dare we ask for?
		-- Ensign Flandry


Promise her anything, but give her Exxon unleaded.


What you see is from outside yourself, and may come, or not, but is beyond
your control.  But your fear is yours, and yours alone, like your voice, or
your fingers, or your memory, and therefore yours to control.  If you feel
powerless over your fear, you have not yet admitted that it is yours, to do
with as you will.
		-- Marion Zimmer Bradley, "Stormqueen"


Our houseplants have a good sense of humous.


Don't take life seriously, you'll never get out alive.


(1) Alexander the Great was a great general.
(2) Great generals are forewarned.
(3) Forewarned is forearmed.
(4) Four is an even number.
(5) Four is certainly an odd number of arms for a man to have.
(6) The only number that is both even and odd is infinity.
	Therefore, all horses are black.


Vidi, vici, veni.
(I saw, I conquered, I came.)


Harry came into work on Monday feeling absolutely fine, and so was astonished
when his secretary urged him to lie down on the sofa; even more so when his
boss took one look at him and ordered him to take the day, if not the week,
off.  Even his poker buddies wouldn't have anything to do with him, insisting
that he go straight to bed.  Finally, tired of resisting everyone's advice,
he went to see his doctor, who took one look at him and rushed over with
a stretcher.
	"But doctor," he protested, "I feel fine."
Well, this was a puzzler, conceded the doctor, who proceeded to refer to the
enormous reference tomes behind his desk, muttering to himself.
	"Looks good, feels good...  No, you look like hell.  Looks good,
feels terrible...  Nah, you feel fine, right?"
Thumbing furiously through another volume, he said,
	"Looks terrible, feels terrible...  Nope, that won't do it either."
Finally, "Looks terrible, feels terrific... Aha!!  You're a vagina!"


The past always looks better than it was.
It's only pleasant because it isn't here.
		-- Finley Peter Dunne (Mr. Dooley)


QOTD:
	"Let go of my ears, I know what I'm doing!"


Illusion is the first of all pleasures.
		-- Voltaire


Candy
Is dandy
But liquor
Is quicker.
		-- Ogden Nash, "Reflections on Ice-Breaking"

Fortune updates the great quotes: #53.
	Candy is dandy; but liquor is quicker,
	and sex won't rot your teeth.


Police:	Good evening, are you the host?
Host:	No.
Police:	We've been getting complaints about this party.
Host:	About the drugs?
Police:	No.
Host:	About the guns, then?  Is somebody complaining about the guns?
Police:	No, the noise.
Host:	Oh, the noise.  Well that makes sense because there are no guns
	or drugs here.  (An enormous explosion is heard in the
	background.)  Or fireworks.  Who's complaining about the noise?
	The neighbors?
Police:	No, the neighbors fled inland hours ago.  Most of the recent
	complaints have come from Pittsburgh.  Do you think you could
	ask the host to quiet things down?
Host:	No Problem.  (At this point, a Volkswagen bug with primitive
	religious symbols drawn on the doors emerges from the living
	room and roars down the hall, past the police and onto the
	lawn, where it smashes into a tree.  Eight guests tumble out
	onto the grass, moaning.)  See?  Things are starting to wind
	down.


Every creature has within him the wild, uncontrollable urge to punt.


Inglish Spocken Hier: some mangled translations

	Sign on a cabin door of a Soviet Black Sea cruise liner:
		Helpsavering apparata in emergings behold many whistles!
		Associate the stringing apparata about the bosums and meet
		behind, flee then to the indifferent lifesaveringshippen
		obedicing the instructs of the vessel.

	On the door in a Belgrade hotel:
		Let us know about any unficiency as well as leaking on
		the service. Our utmost will improve it.

		-- Colin Bowles


Man who falls in vat of molten optical glass makes spectacle of self.


Drakenberg's Discovery:
	If you can't seem to find your glasses,
	it's probably because you don't have them on.


Terence, this is stupid stuff:
You eat your victuals fast enough;
There can't be much amiss, 'tis clear,
To see the rate you drink your beer.
But oh, good Lord, the verse you make,
It gives a chap the belly-ache.
The cow, the old cow, she is dead;
It sleeps well the horned head:
We poor lads, 'tis our turn now
To hear such tunes as killed the cow.
Pretty friendship 'tis to rhyme
Your friends to death before their time.
Moping, melancholy mad:
Come, pipe a tune to dance to, lad.
		-- A. E. Housman


What do you give a man who has everything?  Penicillin.
		-- Jerry Lester


It is recounted that at King's College in the Strand around the time of the
war, the Chief of Services would inevitably begin the year's rounds by
teaching "a singularly important principle of medicine."  He asked a nurse
to fetch him a sample of urine.  He then talked at length about Diabetes
mellitus. "Diabetes," he said, "is a greek name; but the Romans noticed that
the bees like the urine of diabetics, so they added the word mellitus which
means sweet as honey.  Well, as you know, you may find sugar in the urine
of a diabetic ..."
	By now the nurse had returned with a sample of urine which the
registrar promptly held up like a trophy.  We stared at that straw-colored
fluid as if we had never seen such a thing before.  The registrar then
startled us.  He dipped a finger boldly into the urine, then licked his
finger with the tip of his tongue.  As if tasting wine, he opened and closed
his lips rapidly.  Could he perhaps detect a faint taste of sugar?  The sample
was passed on to us for an opinion.  We all dipped a finger into the fluid,
all of us foolishly licked that finger.
	"Now," said the Registrar grinning, "You have learnt the first
principle of diagnosis.  I mean the power of observation."  We were baffled.
We stood near the sluice room outside the ward, and in the distance, some
anonymous patient was explosively coughing. "You see," the registrar said
continuing triumphantly, "I dipped my MIDDLE finger into the urine, but
licked my INDEX finger -- not like all you chaps.


What we see depends on mainly what we look for.
		-- John Lubbock


Some men are heterosexual, and some are bisexual, and some men don't think
about sex at all... they become lawyers.
		-- Woody Allen


It may be better to be a live jackal than a dead lion, but it is
better still to be a live lion.  And usually easier.
		-- Lazarus Long


Anything anybody can say about America is true.
		-- Emmett Grogan


May your SO always know when you need a hug.


Hearts will never be practical until they can be made unbreakable.
		-- Frank Morgan as The Wizard, "The Wizard of Oz"


Masturbation, n.:
	Coming unscrewed.


Anybody has a right to evade taxes if he can get away with it.  No citizen
has a moral obligation to assist in maintaining his government.
		-- J. P. Morgan


I can't mate in captivity.
		-- Gloria Steinem, on why she has never married


I lay my head on the railroad tracks,
Waitin' for the double E.
The railroad don't run no more.
Poor poor pitiful me.			[chorus]
	Poor poor pitiful me, poor poor pitiful me.
	These young girls won't let me be,
	Lord have mercy on me!
	Woe is me!

Well, I met a girl, West Hollywood,
Well, I ain't naming names.
But she really worked me over good,
She was just like Jesse James.
She really worked me over good,
She was a credit to her gender.
She put me through some changes, boy,
Sort of like a Waring blender.		[chorus]

I met a girl at the Rainbow Bar,
She asked me if I'd beat her.
She took me back to the Hyatt House,
I don't want to talk about it.		[chorus]
		-- Warren Zevon, "Poor Poor Pitiful Me"


Albert Camus wrote that the only serious question is whether to kill yourself
or not.  Tom Robbins wrote that the only serious question is whether time has
a beginning and an end.  Camus clearly got up on the wrong side of bed, and
Robbins must have forgotten to set the alarm.
		-- Tom Robbins


The cruelest of creatures' the crab
With claws that can pinch you or stab,
	And then when you dine
	On crab and white wine
It gets you as well with the tab.


After all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done.


A mathematician is a machine for converting coffee into theorems.


	Hardware met Software on the road to Changtse.  Software said: "You
are the Yin and I am the Yang.  If we travel together we will become famous
and earn vast sums of money."  And so the pair set forth together, thinking
to conquer the world.
	Presently, they met Firmware, who was dressed in tattered rags, and
hobbled along propped on a thorny stick.  Firmware said to them: "The Tao
lies beyond Yin and Yang.  It is silent and still as a pool of water.  It does
not seek fame, therefore nobody knows its presence.  It does not seek fortune,
for it is complete within itself.  It exists beyond space and time."
	Software and Hardware, ashamed, returned to their homes.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Terence, this is stupid stuff:
You eat your victuals fast enough;
There can't be much amiss, 'tis clear,
To see the rate you drink your beer.
But oh, good Lord, the verse you make,
It gives a chap the belly-ache.
The cow, the old cow, she is dead;
It sleeps well the horned head:
We poor lads, 'tis our turn now
To hear such tunes as killed the cow.
Pretty friendship 'tis to rhyme
Your friends to death before their time.
Moping, melancholy mad:
Come, pipe a tune to dance to, lad.
		-- A. E. Housman


It did not occur to me that my being with two men continuously would
interest anyone or arouse anyone's misgivings. I asked for an invitation
for Heinrich too, as often as it seemed possible, when Paulus and I were
invited to a social gathering. I felt the set of rules others lived by
was irrelevant. My childhood attitude -- every attempt to adjust is
hopeless and you might just as well follow your own attitudes -- must have
carried me.
		-- Hannah Tillich, "From Time to Time"


What's the use of a good quotation if you can't change it?
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


No man is useless who has a friend,
and if we are loved we are indispensable.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson


May you die in bed at 95, shot by a jealous spouse.


The bedsprings next door jounce and creak:
They have kept me awake for a week.
	Why do newlyweds
	Select squeaky beds
To develop their fucking technique?


Anyone can say "no." It is the first word a child learns and often the
first word he speaks. It is a cheap word because it requires no
explanation, and many men and women have acquired a reputation for
intelligence who know only this word and have used it in place of
thought on every occasion.
		-- Chuck Jones (Warner Bros. animation director.)


...the flaw that makes perfection perfect.


Most people can't understand how others can blow their noses differently
than they do.
		-- Turgenev


Actually, the probability is 100% that the elevator
will be going in the right direction.  Proof by induction:

N=1.	Trivially true, since both you and the elevator
	only have one floor to go to.

Assume true for N, prove for N+1:
	If you are on any of the first N floors, then it is true by the
	induction hypothesis.  If you are on the N+1st floor, then both you
	and the elevator have only one choice, namely down.  Therefore,
	it is true for all N+1 floors.
QED.


It is explained that all relationships require a little give and take.  This
is untrue.  Any partnership demands that we give and give and give and at the
last, as we flop into our graves exhausted, we are told that we didn't give
enough.
		-- Quentin Crisp, "How to Become a Virgin"


An acid is like a woman:  a good one will eat through your pants.
		-- Mel Gibson, Saturday Night Live


There was a man who enjoyed playing golf, and could occasionally put up
with taking in a round with his wife.  One time (with his wife along) he
was having an extremely bad round.  On the 12th hole, he sliced a drive
over by a grounds-keepers' shack.  Although he did not have a clear shot
to the green, his wife noticed that there were two doors on the shack,
and there was a possibility that, if both doors were opened, he might be
able to hit through.  Without hesitation, he instructed his wife to go
around to the other side and open the far door.  Sure enough, this gave
him a clear path to the green.  He stepped up to his ball and prepared
to hit.  His wife had been standing by the far door waiting for him to
hit through.  After a moment, she became curious and stuck her head in
the doorway, to see what he was doing.  At that exact moment, the husband
cracked a three-wood that hit his wife square on the forehead, killing
her instantly.  A few weeks later, the man was playing a round at the same
course, this time with a friend of his.  Once again on the 12th hole, he
sliced his drive to the shack.  His friend suggested that he might be able
to hit through, if he was to open both doors.
	"Nah", replied the man, "Last time I did that I took a 7".


I like paying taxes.  With them I buy civilization.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


In order to dial out, it is necessary to broaden one's dimension.


You can always pick up your needle and move to another groove.
		-- Tim Leary


You should make a point of trying every experience once -- except
incest and folk-dancing.
		-- A. Bax, "Farewell My Youth"


HOW YOU CAN TELL THAT IT'S GOING TO BE A ROTTEN DAY:
	#15 Your pet rock snaps at you.


Anything worth doing is worth overdoing.


The capacity of human beings to bore one another seems to be vastly
greater than that of any other animals.  Some of their most esteemed
inventions have no other apparent purpose, for example, the dinner
party of more than two, the epic poem, and the science of metaphysics.
		-- H. L. Mencken


The secret of success is sincerity.  Once you can fake that,
you've got it made.
		-- Jean Giraudoux


Ask not for whom the Bell tolls, and you
will pay only the station-to-station rate.
		-- Howard Kandel


Live never to be ashamed if anything you do or say is
published around the world -- even if what is published is not true.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


Logic is a little bird, sitting in a tree; that smells *_a_w_f_u_l*.


If the colleges were better, if they really had it, you would need to get
the police at the gates to keep order in the inrushing multitude.  See in
college how we thwart the natural love of learning by leaving the natural
method of teaching what each wishes to learn, and insisting that you shall
learn what you have no taste or capacity for.  The college, which should
be a place of delightful labor, is made odious and unhealthy, and the
young men are tempted to frivolous amusements to rally their jaded spirits.
I would have the studies elective.  Scholarship is to be created not
by compulsion, but by awakening a pure interest in knowledge.  The wise
instructor accomplishes this by opening to his pupils precisely the
attractions the study has for himself.  The marking is a system for schools,
not for the college; for boys, not for men; and it is an ungracious work to
put on a professor.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


	"You mean, if you allow the master to be uncivil, to treat you
any old way he likes, and to insult your dignity, then he may deem you
fit to hear his view of things?"
	"Quite the contrary.  You must defend your integrity, assuming
you have integrity to defend.  But you must defend it nobly, not by
imitating his own low behavior.  If you are gentle where he is rough,
if you are polite where he is uncouth, then he will recognize you as
potentially worthy.  If he does not, then he is not a master, after all,
and you may feel free to kick his ass."
		-- Tom Robbins, "Jitterbug Perfume"


	Churchill was known to drain a glass or two and, after one
particularly convivial evening, he chanced to encounter Miss Bessie Braddock,
a Socialist member of the House of Commons, who, upon seeing his condition,
said, "Winston, you're drunk."  Mustering all his dignity, Churchill drew
himself up to his full height, cocked an eyebrow and rejoined, "Shove it up
your ass, you ugly cunt."
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


Dear Miss Manners:
Please list some tactful ways of removing a man's saliva from your face.

Gentle Reader:
Please list some decent ways of acquiring a man's saliva on your face.
If the gentleman sprayed you inadvertently to accompany enthusiastic
discourse, you may step back two paces, bring out your handkerchief,
and go through the motions of wiping your nose, while trailing the cloth
along your face to pick up whatever needs mopping along the route.  If,
however, the substance was acquired as a result of enthusiasm of a more
intimate nature, you may delicately retrieve it with a flick of your
pink tongue.


Q:	How many Bell Labs Vice Presidents does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	That's proprietary information.  Answer available from AT&T on payment
	of license fee (binary only).


[Norm goes into the bar at Vic's Bowl-A-Rama.]

Off-screen crowd:  Norm!
Sam:   How the hell do they know him here?
Cliff: He's got a life, you know.
		-- Cheers, From Beer to Eternity

Woody: What can I do for you, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Elope with my wife.
		-- Cheers, The Triangle

Woody: How's life, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Oh, I'm waiting for the movie.
		-- Cheers, Take My Shirt... Please?


	During a fight, a husband threw a bowl of Jello at his wife.  She had
him arrested for carrying a congealed weapon.
	In another fight, the wife decked him with a heavy glass pitcher.
She's a woman who conks to stupor.
	Upon reading a story about a man who throttled his mother-in-law, a
man commented, "Sounds to me like a practical choker."
	It's not the initial skirt length, it's the upcreep.
	It's the theory of Jess Birnbaum, of Time magazine, that women with
bad legs should stick to long skirts because they cover a multitude of shins.


	"Don't you think what we're doing is wrong?"
	"Of course it's wrong!  It's illegal!"
	"Well, I've never done anything illegal before."
	"... I thought you said you were an accountant."


Q:	What do you get when you cross James Dean with Ronald Reagan?
A:	A rebel without a clue.


Sex is just one damp thing after another.


LOGO for the Dead

LOGO for the Dead lets you continue your computing activities from
"The Other Side."

The package includes a unique telecommunications feature which lets you
turn your TRS-80 into an electronic Ouija board.  Then, using Logo's
graphics capabilities, you can work with a friend or relative on this
side of the Great Beyond to write programs.  The software requires that
your body be hardwired to an analog-to-digital converter, which is then
interfaced to your computer.  A special terminal (very terminal) program
lets you talk with the users through Deadnet, an EBBS (Ectoplasmic
Bulletin Board System).

LOGO for the Dead is available for 10 percent of your estate
from NecroSoft inc., 6502 Charnelhouse Blvd., Cleveland, OH 44101.
		-- '80 Microcomputing


Auction, n.:
	A gyp off the old block.


Talk is cheap because supply always exceeds demand.


Confucius say:
	woman who ride bicycle peddle ass around town.
	fool man climb tree to get cherries;  wise man spread limbs.
	woman who fly upside down in airplane have big crack up.
	man who live in glass house should bathe in the basement.
	man who make love on ground have piece on Earth.
	man who lose key to girlfriend's apartment get no new key.
	man who fights with wife all day, gets not peace at night.
	man who make oral love to epileptic woman may get tongue-tied.
	man with head up ass have shitty outlook on life.
	man who streak unsuited for work.
	woman who bathe in vinegar have sour puss.
	man who beat off in car have hot rod.


To criticize the incompetent is easy;
it is more difficult to criticize the competent.


Don't I know you?


Q:	Are we not men?
A:	We are Vaxen.


Don't compare floating point numbers solely for equality.


A man always remembers his first love with special
tenderness, but after that begins to bunch them.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Did you know that clones never use mirrors?
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Oprah Winfrey has an incredible talent for getting the weirdest people to
talk to.  And you just HAVE to watch it.  "Blind, masochistic minority,
crippled, depressed, government latrine diggers, and the women who love
them too much on the next Oprah Winfrey."


Folks, what can I tell you about my next guest.  This cat allowed himself
to be adored, but not loved. And his success in show business was matched
by failure in his personal relationship bag, now that's where he really
bombed.  And he came to believe that work, show business, love, his whole
life, even himself and all that jazz was bullshit.  He became numero uno
gameplayer.  Uh, to the point where he didn't know where the games ended
and the reality began.  Like to this cat, the only reality... is death, man.
Ladies and gentlemen, let me lay on you, a so-so entertainer, not much of
a humanitarian, and this cat was never nobody's friend.  In his final
appearance on the great stage of life, uh, you can applaud if you want to,
Mr. Joe Gideon!!
		-- All That Jazz


As part of an equal opportunity project, a memo was sent to all the offices
within External Affairs asking for "A list of all employees broken down by
sex."
	One of the memos was returned with the notation: "I'm sorry: we
know of nobody in this office who fits your criteria.  We do, however,
have two alcoholics."


Q:	What's the difference between USL and the Graf Zeppelin?
A:	The Graf Zeppelin represented cutting edge technology for its time.


Three young women were attending the same logic class given at one of the
better universities.  During a lecture the professor stated that he was
going to test their ability at situation reasoning.
	"Let us assume," said the prof, "that you are aboard a small craft
alone in the Pacific, and you spot a vessel approaching you with several
sex-starved sailors on board.  What would you do in this situation to avoid
the problem?"
	"I would attempt to turn my craft in the opposite direction and
flee," said the first girl.
	"I would pass them, and hope that I could fend them off," responded
the second woman.
	"Frankly," murmured the third woman, "I understand the situation,
but I fail to see the problem."


For those of you how have been looking for evidence that a working
version of "Star Wars" can be built, consider the following proof
offered by Caspar Weinberger:

	"If such a system is so unattainable, why have the Soviets been
	working desperately to get it for over 17 years?"

		-- USA Today, 24 June 1986


Your wig steers the gig.
		-- Lord Buckley


Stenderup's Law:
	The sooner you fall behind, the more time you will have to catch up.


Man proposes, God disposes.
		-- Thomas a Kempis


Your boy/girl friend is *so* ugly that...

	-- when you look up ugly in the dictionary, their picture's there.
	-- it looks like their face caught fire and someone put it out
		with an ice pick.
	-- Nabisco used their face to model for animal cookies.
	-- when they yelled "Rape", the guy screamed "No way!"
	-- they were the birth control poster child.
	-- when they were born, the doctor slapped their mother.
	-- as a child, their parents tied a pork chop around her neck to
		get the puppy to play with them.
	-- they have to sneak up on a glass of water, just to get a drink!


Progress might have been all right once, but it's gone on too long.
		-- Ogden Nash


May you have many handsome and obedient sons.


Too Late
	A large number of turkies [sic] went to San Francisco yesterday by
the two o'clock boats.  If their object in going down was to participate in
the Thanksgiving festivities of that city, they would arrive "the day after
the affair," and of course be sadly disappointed thereby.
		-- Sacramento Daily Union, November 29, 1861


One hundred women are not worth a single testicle.
		-- Confucius


No two persons ever read the same book.
		-- Edmund Wilson


Q:	How do you know when it's time to wash the dishes?
A:	Look inside your pants; if you have a penis, it's not time.


Prototype designs always work.
		-- Don Vonada


Glogg (a traditional Scandinavian holiday drink):
	fifth of dry red wine
	fifth of Aquavit
	1 and 1/2 inch piece of cinnamon
	10 cardamom seeds
	1 cup raisins
	4 dried figs
	1 cup blanched or flaked almonds
	a few pieces of dried orange peel
	5 cloves
	1/2 lb. sugar cubes
	Heat up the wine and hard stuff (which may be substituted with wine
for the faint of heart) in a big pot after adding all the other stuff EXCEPT
the sugar cubes.  Just when it reaches boiling, put the sugar in a wire
strainer, moisten it in the hot brew, lift it out and ignite it with a match.
Dip the sugar several times in the liquid until it is all dissolved.  Serve
hot in cups with a few raisins and almonds in each cup.
	N.B. Aquavit may be hard to find and expensive to boot.  Use it only
if you really have a deep-seated desire to be fussy, or if you are of Swedish
extraction.


