	A manager went to the master programmer and showed him the requirements
document for a new application.  The manager asked the master: "How long will
it take to design this system if I assign five programmers to it?"
	"It will take one year," said the master promptly.
	"But we need this system immediately or even sooner!  How long will it
take it I assign ten programmers to it?"
	The master programmer frowned.  "In that case, it will take two years."
	"And what if I assign a hundred programmers to it?"
	The master programmer shrugged.  "Then the design will never be
completed," he said.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Don't hate yourself in the morning -- sleep till noon.


Natural laws have no pity.


XVI:
	In the year 2054, the entire defense budget will purchase just one
	aircraft.  This aircraft will have to be shared by the Air Force and
	Navy 3-1/2 days each per week except for leap year, when it will be
	made available to the Marines for the extra day.
XVII:
	Software is like entropy.  It is difficult to grasp, weighs nothing,
	and obeys the Second Law of Thermodynamics, i.e., it always increases.
XVIII:
	It is very expensive to achieve high unreliability.  It is not uncommon
	to increase the cost of an item by a factor of ten for each factor of
	ten degradation accomplished.
XIX:
	Although most products will soon be too costly to purchase, there will
	be a thriving market in the sale of books on how to fix them.
XX:
	In any given year, Congress will appropriate the amount of funding
	approved the prior year plus three-fourths of whatever change the
	administration requests -- minus 4-percent tax.
		-- Norman Augustine


It's reassuring to know that if you behave strangely enough,
society will take full responsibility for you.


If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library?
		-- Lily Tomlin


Coach: Can I draw you a beer, Norm?
Norm:  No, I know what they look like.  Just pour me one.
		-- Cheers, No Help Wanted

Coach: How about a beer, Norm?
Norm:  Hey I'm high on life, Coach.  Of course, beer is my life.
		-- Cheers, No Help Wanted

Coach: How's a beer sound, Norm?
Norm:  I dunno.  I usually finish them before they get a word in.
		-- Cheers, Fortune and Men's Weights


If you didn't get caught, did you really do it?


Elliptical, n.:
	The feel of a kiss.


Maybe Computer Science should be in the College of Theology.
		-- R. S. Barton


The justifications for drug testing are part of the presently fashionable
debate concerning restoring America's "competitiveness." Drugs, it has been
revealed, are responsible for rampant absenteeism, reduced output, and poor
quality work.  But is drug testing in fact rationally related to the
resurrection of competitiveness?  Will charging the atmosphere of the
workplace with the fear of excretory betrayal honestly spur productivity?
Much noise has been made about rehabilitating the worker using drugs, but
to date the vast majority of programs end with the simple firing or the not
hiring of the abuser.  This practice may exacerbate, not alleviate, the
nation's productivity problem.  If economic rehabilitation is the ultimate
goal of drug testing, then criteria abandoning the rehabilitation of the
drug-using worker is the purest of hypocrisy and the worst of rationalization.
		-- The concluding paragraph of "Constitutional Law: The
		   Fourth Amendment and Drug Testing in the Workplace,"
		   Tim Moore, Harvard Journal of Law & Public Policy, vol.
		   10, No. 3 (Summer 1987), pp. 762-768.


Q:	Why did the germ cross the microscope?
A:	To get to the other slide.


We only acknowledge small faults in order
to make it appear that we are free from great ones.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


I think the Mormon prophet
Was a very funny man.
I wonder how his wives enjoyed
His Prophet Sharing Plan.


So, you better watch out!
You better not cry!
You better not pout!
I'm telling you why,
Santa Claus is coming, to town.

He knows when you've been sleeping,
He know when you're awake.
He knows if you've been bad or good,
He has ties with the CIA.
So...


For knighthood is not in the feats of war,
As for to fight in quarrel right or wrong,
But in a cause which truth cannot defer:
He ought himself for to make sure and strong,
Just to keep mixt with mercy among:
And no quarrel a knight ought to take
But for a truth, or for the common's sake.
		-- Stephen Hawes


The History of every major Galactic Civilization tends to pass through
three distinct and recognizable phases, those of Survival, Inquiry, and
Sophistication, otherwise known as the How, Why, and Where phases.  For
instance, the first phase is characterized by the question "How can we
eat?" the second by "Why do we eat?" and the third by "Where shall we
have lunch?".
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the End of the Universe"


Americans are people who insist on living in the present, tense.


Blue paint today.
		[Funny to Jack Slingwine, Guy Harris and Hal Pierson.  Ed.]


I feel sorry for your brain... all alone in that great big head...


Don't drink when you drive -- you might hit a bump and spill it.


Millions long for immortality who do not know what
to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
		-- Susan Ertz


As for Carter being for registration but against the draft, isn't that
sort of being like for putting it in and not taking it out?  Even if it
was possible not to follow through, you'd still be getting screwed.


	"When you wake up in the morning, Pooh," said Piglet at last,
"what's the first thing you say to yourself?"
	"What's for breakfast?" said Pooh.  "What do you say, Piglet?"
	"I say, I wonder what's going to happen exciting today?" said
Piglet.
	Pooh nodded thoughtfully.  "It's the same thing," he said.


That reminds me of a friend of mine who went north to work on the Alaskan
pipeline.  Before he went up there, he was just a skinny little runt.  When
he got back, he was a husky fucker.


Spark's Sixth Rule for Managers:
	If a subordinate asks you a pertinent question, look at him as
if he had lost his senses.  When he looks down, paraphrase the question
back at him.


Iron Law of Distribution:
	Them that has, gets.


In this world, nothing is certain but death and taxes.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


The price of greatness is responsibility.


Symbolic representation of quantitative entities is doomed to its rightful
place of minor importance in a world where flowers and beautiful women abound.
		-- Albert Einstein


Extraordinary claims demand extraordinary proof.  There are many examples
of outsiders who eventually overthrew entrenched scientific orthodoxies,
but they prevailed with irrefutable data.  More often, egregious findings
that contradict well-established research turn out to be artifacts.  I have
argued that accepting psychic powers, reincarnation, "cosmic consciousness,"
and the like, would entail fundamental revisions of the foundations of
neuroscience.  Before abandoning materialist theories of mind that have paid
handsome dividends, we should insist on better evidence for psi phenomena
than presently exists, especially when neurology and psychology themselves
offer more plausible alternatives.
		-- Barry L. Beyerstein, "The Brain and Consciousness:
		   Implications for Psi Phenomena".


U.S. of A.:
	"Don't speak to the bus driver."
Germany:
	"It is strictly forbidden for passengers to speak to the driver."
England:
	"You are requested to refrain from speaking to the driver."
Scotland:
	"What have you got to gain by speaking to the driver?"
Italy:
	"Don't answer the driver."


She always believed in the old adage -- leave them while you're looking
good.
		-- Anita Loos, "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes"


	My friends, I am here to tell you of the wondrous continent known as
Africa.  Well we left New York drunk and early on the morning of February 31.
We were 15 days on the water, and 3 on the boat when we finally arrived in
Africa.  Upon our arrival we immediately set up a rigorous schedule:  Up at
6:00, breakfast, and back in bed by 7:00.  Pretty soon we were back in bed by
6:30.  Now Africa is full of big game.  The first day I shot two bucks.  That
was the biggest game we had.  Africa is primarily inhabited by Elks, Moose
and Knights of Pithiests.
	The elks live up in the mountains and come down once a year for their
annual conventions.  And you should see them gathered around the water hole,
which they leave immediately when they discover it's full of water.  They
weren't looking for a water hole.  They were looking for an alck hole.
	One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas, how he got in my
pajamas, I don't know.  Then we tried to remove the tusks.  That's a tough
word to say, tusks.  As I said we tried to remove the tusks, but they were
embedded so firmly we couldn't get them out.  But in Alabama the Tusks are
looser, but that is totally irrelephant to what I was saying.
	We took some pictures of the native girls, but they weren't developed.
So we're going back in a few years...
		-- Julius H. Marx


Happiness adds and multiplies as we divide it with others.


I know if you been talkin' you done said
just how surprised you wuz by the living dead.
You wuz surprised that they could understand you words
and never respond once to all the truth they heard.
But don't you get square!
There ain't no rule that says they got to care.
They can always swear they're deaf, dumb and blind.


The world is not octal despite DEC.


We'll know that rock is dead when you have to get a degree to work in it.


If you fail to plan, plan to fail.


Of course, most people eventually give up bowling for sex.
The balls are lighter and you don't have to change your shoes.


	A circus foreman was making the rounds inspecting the big top when
a scrawny little man entered the tent and walked up to him.  "Are you the
foreman around here?" he asked timidly.  "I'd like to join your circus; I
have what I think is a pretty good act."
	The foreman nodded assent, whereupon the little man hurried over to
the main pole and rapidly climbed up to the very tip-top of the big top.
Drawing a deep breath, he hurled himself off into the air and began flapping
his arms furiously.  Amazingly, rather than plummeting to his death the little
man began to fly all around the poles, lines, trapezes and other obstacles,
performing astounding feats of aerobatics which ended in a long power dive
from the top of the tent, pulling up into a gentle feet-first landing beside
the foreman, who had been nonchalantly watching the whole time.
	"Well," puffed the little man.  "What do you think?"
	"That's all you do?" answered the foreman scornfully.  "Bird
imitations?"


If clear thinking created sparks, we could safely store dynamite in
James Watt's office.
		-- Wayne Shannon, KRON-TV


A jug of wine, a bowl of rice with it;
Earthen vessels
Simply handed in through the window.
There is certainly no blame in this.


You are always doing something marginal when the boss drops by your desk.


Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle?

Because his wife left him.  But things are looking up for their reconciliation.
Seems that when she left, she took his word processor, and she's been renting
it out occasionally in Japan.  That is, every now and then she gets a yen for
his Wang.


He who is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.


I want a girl that can swallow my pride.
		-- Frank Zappa, "Jewish Princess"


Q:	How does a single woman in New York get rid of cockroaches?
A:	She asks them for a commitment.


The error of youth is to believe that intelligence is a substitute
for experience, while the error of age is to believe experience is
a substitute for intelligence.
		-- Lyman Bryson


The decision doesn't have to be logical; it was unanimous.


Perhaps the biggest disappointments were the ones you expected anyway.


Overload -- core meltdown sequence initiated.


Children are natural mimics who act like their parents
despite every effort to teach them good manners.


Do I like getting drunk?  Depends on who's doing the drinking.
		-- Amy Gorin


You can find sympathy, in the dictionary, right near shit and suicide.


I'm sorry I missed.
		-- Squeaky Fromme


Honorable, adj.:
	Afflicted with an impediment in one's reach.  In legislative
	bodies, it is customary to mention all members as honorable; as,
	"the honorable gentleman is a scurvy cur."
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The bottom-up approach always gets me buggered.
		-- Sidney J. Hurtubise


Today is gonna be one helluva week!


Intolerance is the last defense of the insecure.


The Enterprise girls, so one hears,
Have chased Spock for several years.
	His look of disdain
	Has spared them great pain,
For his prick is as sharp as his ears.


XIIdigitation, n.:
	The practice of trying to determine the year a movie was made
	by deciphering the Roman numerals at the end of the credits.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Life is like an analogy.


The major sin is the sin of being born.
		-- Samuel Beckett


It seems that a Scotsman and an Irishman walked into a bar.  The Scot
immediately singled out the bartender and proclaimed that drinks were
on the house, and that he expected him to serve only his best.  The next
day, the headlines read: Irish Ventriloquist Beaten to Death Behind Bar.


Playing poker with busty Ms. Ware,
He announced as he folded with flair,
	"I had four of a kind,
	But those aces combined,
Don't stack up, I'm afraid, with your pair."


I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
		-- Publilius Syrus


Going to church does not make a person religious, nor does going to school
make a person educated, any more than going to a garage makes a person a car.


Albert Camus wrote that the only serious question is whether to kill yourself
or not.  Tom Robbins wrote that the only serious question is whether time has
a beginning and an end.  Camus clearly got up on the wrong side of bed, and
Robbins must have forgotten to set the alarm.
		-- Tom Robbins


A tall, dark stranger will have more fun than you.


The wise shepherd never trusts his flock to a smiling wolf.


Elevators smell different to midgets.


A Smith & Wesson beats four aces.


Saturday night in Toledo Ohio,
Is like being nowhere at all,
All through the day how the hours rush by,
You sit in the park and you watch the grass die.
		-- John Denver, "Saturday Night in Toledo Ohio"


Oral sex is like being attacked by a giant snail.
		-- Germaine Greer


The rain it raineth on the just
And also on the unjust fella:
But chiefly on the just, because
The unjust steals the just's umbrella.
		-- Lord Bowen


I can't seem to bring myself to say, "Well, I guess I'll be toddling along."
It isn't that I can't toddle.  It's that I can't guess I'll toddle.
		-- Robert Benchley


You're not Dave.  Who are you?


Are you a turtle?


Have you seen how Sonny's burning,
Like some bright erotic star,
He lights up the proceedings,
And raises the temperature.
		-- The Birthday Party, "Sonny's Burning"


The executioner is, I hear, very expert, and my neck is very slender.
		-- Anne Boleyn


Veni, Vidi, VISA:
	I came, I saw, I did a little shopping.


It seems to me that nearly every woman I know wants a man who knows how
to love with authority.  Women are simple souls who like simple things,
and one of the simplest is one of the simplest to give.  ...  Our family
airedale will come clear across the yard for one pat on the head.  The
average wife is like that.
		-- Episcopal Bishop James Pike


When a man is tired of London, he is tired of life.
		-- Samuel Johnson


I am more bored than you could ever possibly be.  Go back to work.


The average nutritional value of promises is roughly zero.


It seems that there was this Christian about to be thrown to the lions.  He
was shoved into the middle of the arena and the lion was released.  Being
a good Christian, as the lion approached he knelt and prayed, asking God for
forgiveness for his (few) sins, and begging that the lion might be dissuaded
from eating him for its breakfast.  Much to his dismay, the lion didn't stop
but kept coming, getting faster and faster, now almost running, so the
Christian took off too.  There they were, running around and around the arena,
the lion getting closer and the Christian praying harder and harder between
gasps for breath.  The lions breath was now hot upon his heels and he could
even feel droplets of the lions saliva splashing on his bare feet.  So he
pulled out all the stops, promising God that if the lion will only spare him,
he will devote the rest of his life to spreading the Christian faith,
forsaking all temptation and possessions.  Suddenly he no longer felt the
lions breath, no longer heard the great beast's snarls close behind him.
Slowing to a stop, he turned around and saw the lion on its knees, eyes rolled
upward, paws held together.  The lion appeared to be muttering something so
the Christian approached until he could make out what the lion was saying.
	"Dear Lord, for what I am about to receive..."


Said crew girl Angelica Bauer:
"The captain's withdrawn, cold, and sour."
	Uhura said, "No,
	At night that's not so--
He doesn't withdraw for an hour."


Satyrs have more faun.


A lot of people are afraid of heights.  Not me.  I'm afraid of widths.
		-- Steven Wright


We love our little Johnny
He's the best little boy in all the world
And we wouldn't trade him for anything
That's how much we love him.
No, we couldn't live without him
So that's why, since he died,
We keep him safe in our G.E. freezer.
He's so good, so well-behaved,
Even better than before;
Oh, such a wonderful kid he is.
Alice and me, we'll never be lonely,
Never miss our little Johnny,
He'll never grow up and leave us
That's why we love him like we do.
		-- Mr. Mincemeat


Hear about...
	the new rule at the girls' school?
	Lights out by ten, candles by eleven.


If you would understand your own age, read the works
of fiction produced in it.  People in disguise speak freely.


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Man:

 1. A beer NEVER leaves the toilet seat up.
 2. A beer lasts longer than seven seconds.
 3. A beer doesn't want to watch pro wrestling.
 4. A beer won't expect you to cook dinner when you're not hungry.
 5. A beer will never leave dirty socks on the floor.
 6. A beer doesn't mind when your mother visits.
 7. A beer does as many chores as a man, with a LOT less complaining.
 8. A beer won't leave you for a younger woman.
 9. A beer won't leave you for a younger man either.
10. A beer won't tease you because you once liked Barry Manilow.


((lambda (foo) (bar foo)) (baz))


QOTD:
	"Talent does what it can, genius what it must.
	I do what I get paid to do."


When my freshman roommate at Cornell found out I was Jewish, she was,
at her request, moved to a different room.  She told me she didn't
think she had ever seen a Jew before.  My only response was to begin
wearing a small Star of David on a chain around my neck.  I had not
become a more observing Jew; rather, discovering that the label of
Jew was offensive to others made me want to let people know who I
was and what I believed in.  Similarly, after talking to these young
women -- one of whom told me that she didn't think she had ever met
a feminist -- I've taken to identifying myself as a feminist in the
most unlikely of situations.
		-- Susan Bolotin, "Voices From the Post-Feminist Generation"


We thrive on euphemism.  We call multi-megaton bombs "Peace-keepers", closet
size apartments "efficient" and incomprehensible artworks "innovative".  In
fact, "euphemism" has become a euphemism for "bald-faced lie".  And now, here
are the euphemisms so colorfully employed in Personal Ads:

EUPHEMISM			REALITY
-------------------		-------------------------
Excited about life's journey	No concept of reality
Spiritually evolved		Oversensitive
Moody				Manic-depressive
Soulful				Quiet manic-depressive
Poet				Boring manic-depressive
Sultry/Sensual			Easy
Uninhibited			Lacking basic social skills
Unaffected and earthy		Slob and lacking basic social skills
Irreverent			Nasty and lacking basic social skills
Very human			Quasimodo's best friend
Swarthy				Sweaty even when cold or standing still
Spontaneous/Eclectic		Scatterbrained
Flexible			Desperate
Aging child			Self-centered adult
Youthful			Over 40 and trying to deny it
Good sense of humor		Watches a lot of television


What is tolerance? -- it is the consequence of humanity.  We are all formed
of frailty and error; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly -- that
is the first law of nature.
		-- Voltaire


A computer salesman visits a company president for the purpose of selling
the president one of the latest talking computers.
Salesman:	"This machine knows everything. I can ask it any question
		and it'll give the correct answer.  Computer, what is the
		speed of light?"
Computer:	186,000 miles per second.
Salesman:	"Who was the first president of the United States?"
Computer:	George Washington.
President:	"I'm still not convinced. Let me ask a question.
		Where is my father?"
Computer:	Your father is fishing in Georgia.
President:	"Hah!! The computer is wrong. My father died over twenty
		years ago!"
Computer:	Your mother's husband died 22 years ago. Your father just
		landed a twelve pound bass.


Remember that whatever misfortune may be your lot, it could only be
worse in Cleveland.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


What is mind?  No matter.
What is matter?  Never mind.
		-- Thomas Hewitt Key (1799-1875)


It's amazing how many people you could be friends
with if only they'd make the first approach.


QOTD:
	"Silence is the only virtue he has left."


African violet:		Such worth is rare
Apple blossom:		Preference
Bachelor's button:	Celibacy
Bay leaf:		I change but in death
Camellia:		Reflected loveliness
Chrysanthemum, red:	I love
Chrysanthemum, white:	Truth
Chrysanthemum, other:	Slighted love
Clover:			Be mine
Crocus:			Abuse not
Daffodil:		Innocence
Forget-me-not:		True love
Fuchsia:		Fast
Gardenia:		Secret, untold love
Honeysuckle:		Bonds of love
Ivy:			Friendship, fidelity, marriage
Jasmine:		Amiability, transports of joy, sensuality
Leaves (dead):		Melancholy
Lilac:			Youthful innocence
Lily:			Purity, sweetness
Lily of the valley:	Return of happiness
Magnolia:		Dignity, perseverance
	* An upside-down blossom reverses the meaning.


Do clones have navels?


As the truck driver came flying over the top of a steep hill, he spotted two
figures in his path rolling around in the middle of the road.  The driver blew
his horn and braked frantically, but the couple continued their lovemaking,
oblivious to his warnings.  The truck finally slid to a halt barely three
inches from the pair.  "Are you crazy?" the driver screamed at them.  "You
could have been killed!"
	The man stood up and faced the driver.  "Well, I was coming, she was
coming and you were coming," he panted, "and you were the only one with
brakes."


We'll be recording at the Paradise Friday
night.  Live, on the Death label.
		-- Swan, "Phantom of the Paradise"


Truth is free, but information costs.


'Naomi, sex at noon taxes.' I moan.
Never odd or even.
A man, a plan, a canal, Panama.
Madam, I'm Adam.
Sit on a potato pan, Otis.
		-- The Mad Palindromist


1) X=Y				; Given
2) X^2=XY			; Multiply both sides by X
3) X^2-Y^2=XY-Y^2		; Subtract Y^2 from both sides
4) (X+Y)(X-Y)=Y(X-Y)		; Factor
5) X+Y=Y			; Cancel out (X-Y) term
6) 2Y=Y				; Substitute X for Y, by equation 1
7) 2=1				; Divide both sides by Y
		-- "Omni", proof that 2 equals 1


The flush toilet is the basis of Western civilization.
		-- Alan Coult


Breeding rabbits is a hare raising experience.


		Hard Copies and Chmod

And everyone thinks computers are impersonal
cold diskdrives hardware monitors
user-hostile software

of course they're only bits and bytes
and characters and strings
and files

just some old textfiles from my old boyfriend
telling me he loves me and
he'll take care of me

simply a discarded printout of a friend's directory
deep intimate secrets and
how he doesn't trust me

couldn't hurt me more if they were scented in lavender or mould
on personal stationery
		-- terri@csd4.milw.wisc.edu


Don't try to have the last word -- you might get it.
		-- Lazarus Long


The curse of the Irish is not that they don't know the
words to a song -- it's that they know them *all*.
		-- Susan Dooley


Sticks and stones may break my bones but whips and chains excite me!!!


Well, now that SUN's in bed with AT&T, I sure hope she sleeps with her
back to the wall.
		-- Guy Harris, on AT&T buying 20% of SUN Microsystems

Eat shit and die.  Strong memo to follow.
		-- Mike O'Dell, on AT&T buying 20% of SUN Microsystems


With a gentleman I try to be a gentleman and a half, and with a fraud I
try to be a fraud and a half.
		-- Otto von Bismarck


"The molars, I'm sure, will be all right, the molars can take care of
themselves," the old man said, no longer to me.  "But what will become
of the bicuspids?"
		-- The Old Man and his Bridge


Fortune Documents the Great Legal Decisions:

It is a rule of evidence deduced from the experience of mankind and
supported by reason and authority that positive testimony is entitled to
more weight than negative testimony, but by the latter term is meant
negative testimony in its true sense and not positive evidence of a
negative, because testimony in support of a negative may be as positive
as that in support of an affirmative.
		-- 254 Pac. Rep. 472


Would you people stop playing these stupid games?!?!?!!!!


What's the matter with the world?  Why, there ain't but one thing wrong
with every one of us - and that's "selfishness."
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


Lawyer, n.:
	Someone who can get a sodomy charge changed to "following too
	closely."


Many of the convicted thieves Parker has met began their
life of crime after taking college Computer Science courses.
		-- Roger Rapoport, "Programs for Plunder", Omni, March 1981


Gnagloot, n.:
	A person who leaves all his ski passes on his jacket just to
	impress people.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


War is an equal opportunity destroyer.


He was so gay he'd never lean his ass on a baseball bat --
scared it'd get serious.


Here there by tygers.


That naughty old Sappho of Greece
Said: "What I prefer to a piece
	Is to have my pudenda
	Rubbed hard by the enda
The little pink nose of my niece."


How much does it cost to entice a dope-smoking UNIX system guru to
Dayton?
		-- Brian Boyle, UNIX/WORLD's First Annual Salary Survey


Fame lost its appeal for me when I went into a public restroom and an
autograph seeker handed me a pen and paper under the stall door.
		-- Marlo Thomas


Showerbath: Natural venue for sexual adventures -- wash together, make love
together: only convenient overhead point in most apartments or hotel rooms
to attach a partner's hands.  Don't pull down the fixture, however -- it
isn't weightbearing.  See Discipline.
		-- The Joy of Sex


You can get *anywhere* in ten minutes if you drive fast enough.


People are like onions -- you cut them up, and they make you cry.


If you've done six impossible things before breakfast, why not round it
off with dinner at Milliway's, the restaurant at the end of the universe.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the End of the Universe"


	"How would I know if I believe in love at first sight?" the sexy
social climber said to her roommate.  "I mean, I've never seen a Porsche
full of money before."


Even bytes get lonely for a little bit.


It's only by NOT taking the human race seriously that I retain
what fragments of my once considerable mental powers I still possess.
		-- Roger Noe


The townspeople stood in despair as the fire that had begun in a diner
threatened to spread to adjoining homes.  Just then, a truck filled with
farm workers came speeding down a hill toward the fire.  The crowd moved
back and the truck drove right into the thickest of the flames.  The workers
jumped out and beat at the fire with their coats, miraculously bringing the
blaze under control.
	The city fathers were so grateful for the men's heroism that they
gave each a plaque and $1000.  After the ceremony, newsmen interviewed the
driver and asked him what he was going to do with the money.
	"You can be damned sure the first thing I'm gonna do," he replied,
"is get the brakes fixed on that son-of-a-bitchin' truck!"


She asked me, "What's your sign?"
I blinked and answered "Neon,"
I thought I'd blow her mind...


You k'n hide de fier, but w'at you gwine do wid de smoke?
		-- Joel Chandler Harris, proverbs of Uncle Remus


Such a fine first dream!
But they laughed at me; they said
I had made it up.


Gravity is an unforgiving motherfucker.


Kiss me twice.  I'm schizophrenic.


The bustard's a remarkable fowl
With surely no reason to growl
	He escapes what would be
	Illegitimacy
By the grace of a fortunate vowel.


Reality is an obstacle to hallucination.


If your mind grows weak,
Don't yield to the weakness.
Even if tired of thought,
Never stop thinking.
My sons and descendants,
Don't get exhausted in reason--
But become experienced.
		-- Chinggis (Genghis) Khan


The man who follows the crowd will usually get no further than the crowd.
The man who walks alone is likely to find himself in places no one has ever
been.
		-- Alan Ashley-Pitt


