None love the bearer of bad news.
		-- Sophocles


	THE TEN STAGES OF INTOXICATION

 1. WITTY AND CHARMING:  This is after one or two drinks.  The tongue is
	loosened and can yet remain in step with the brain.  In the "witty
	and charming" state, one is likely to use foreign idioms and
	phrases such as "au contraire" in place of "No way, Jose" or
	"Bullsheyet".
 2. RICH AND POWERFUL:  By the third drink, you begin mentioning the little
	380 SL you've had your eye on down at the Mercedes place.
 3. BENEVOLENT:  You'll buy her a Mercedes, too.  It's only money.
 4. JUST ONE MORE AND THEN WE'LL EAT:  Stall tactic.
 5. TO HELL WITH DINNER:  Just one more and then we'll eat.
 6. PATRIOTIC:  The war stories begin.
 7. CRANK UP THE "ENOLA GAY":  "We could have won in Nam, but..."
 8. INVISIBLE:  So this is what the Ladies' Room looks like.
 9. WITTY AND CHARMING PART II:  You know, you don't sweat much for a fat girl.
10. BULLETPROOF:  Bull-sheyet, gimme them keys, I can drive.
		-- Lewis Grizzard, "My Daddy Was a Pistol and I'm a Son
		   of a Gun".


Here comes the orator, with his flood of words and his drop of reason.


Arrakis teaches the attitude of the knife - chopping off what's
incomplete and saying: "Now it's complete because it's ended here."
		-- Muad'dib, "Dune"


		LEPROSY
Leprosy, all my skin is falling off of me.
I'm not half the man I used to be.
Oh, how did I get leprosy?

Syphilis, it all started with a simple kiss.
Now it even hurts to take a piss.
Oh why did I get syphilis?

Why'd she have VD?  I don't know, she wouldn't say.
I did something wrong, now I long for yesterday ...
		-- To the tune of "Yesterday"


You can't hold a man down without staying down with him.
		-- Booker T. Washington


I'm glad I was not born before tea.
		-- Sidney Smith (1771-1845)


Fanaticism consists of redoubling your effort when you have
forgotten your aim.
		-- George Santayana


	"God built a compelling sex drive into every creature, no
matter what style of fucking it practiced.  He made sex irresistibly
pleasurable, wildly joyous, free from fears.  He made it innocent
merriment.
	"Needless to say, fucking was an immediate smash hit.  Everyone
agreed, from aardvarks to zebras.  All the jolly animals -- lions and
lambs, rhinoceroses and gazelles, skylarks and lobsters, even insects,
though most of them fuck only once in a lifetime -- fucked along
innocently and merrily for hundreds of millions of years.  Maybe they
were dumb animals, but they knew a good thing when they had one."
		-- Alan Sherman, "The Rape of the A*P*E*"


Put your best foot forward.
Or just call in and say you're sick.


Most Texans think Hanukkah is some sort of duck call.
		-- Richard Lewis


Dear Emily:
	I collected replies to an article I wrote, and now it's time to
summarize.  What should I do?
		-- Editor

Dear Editor:
	Simply concatenate all the articles together into a big file and post
that.  On USENET, this is known as a summary.  It lets people read all the
replies without annoying newsreaders getting in the way.  Do the same when
summarizing a vote.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette


Would you care to drift aimlessly in my direction?


PROGRAM:
	Any task that can't be completed in one telephone call or one
	day.  Once a task is defined as a program ("training program,"
	"sales program," or "marketing program"), its implementation
	always justifies hiring at least three more people.


...why should you waste a single moment of *your* life seeming to be something
you don't want to be?  Lord, that's so simple.  If you hate your job, quit it.
If your friends are tedious, go out and find new friends.  You are queer, you
lucky fool, and that makes you one of life's buccaneers, free from the clutter
of 2000 years of Judeo-Christian sermonizing.  Stop feeling sorry for yourself
and start raising your sails.  You haven't a moment to lose.
		-- Edmund Carlevale


When the doubt vanishes and the issue becomes evident, stupidity reigns.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Just when you thought you were winning the rat race, along comes a
faster rat!!!


Those lovable Brits department:
	They also have trouble pronouncing `vitamin'.


When Snow White turns on with the dwarfs she probably winds up feeling Dopey.


Universe, n.:
	The problem.


Cinemuck, n.:
	The combination of popcorn, soda, and melted chocolate which
	covers the floors of movie theaters.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


I respect faith, but doubt is what gives you an education.
		-- Wilson Mizner


Uh-oh -- I've let the cat out of the bag.  Let me, then,
straightforwardly state the thesis I shall now elaborate:
Making variations on a theme is really the crux of creativity.
		-- Douglas R. Hofstadter, "Metamagical Themas"


The difference between America and England is, the English think 100
miles is a long distance and the Americans think 100 years is a long time.


Q:	How many hardware engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	None.  We'll fix it in software.

Q:	How many system programmers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  The application can work around it.

Q:	How many software engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	None.  We'll document it in the manual.

Q:	How many tech writers does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	None.  The user can figure it out.


You'd like to do it instantaneously, but that's too slow.


The most disagreeable thing that your worst enemy says to your face does
not approach what your best friends say behind your back.
		-- Alfred De Musset


Willie, looking in the mirror,		Willie with the nursery shears
Sucked the mercury off			Cut off both the baby's ears.
Thinking in his childish error		To the baby so unsightly
It would cure the whooping cough.	Mother raised her eyebrows slightly.

At the funeral his weeping mother	In the family drinking well
Sadly said to Mrs. Brown,		Willie pushed his sister, Nell.
"'Twas a chilly day for Willie		She's there still because it killed her,
When the mercury went down."		Now, we have to buy a filter.


In any world menu, Canada must be considered the vichyssoise of nations --
it's cold, half-French, and difficult to stir.
		-- Stuart Keate


A fool-proof method for sculpting an elephant: first, get a huge block
of marble; then you chip away everything that doesn't look like an elephant.


It's so fuckin' great to be alive!


Don't hit the keys so hard, it hurts.


[A computer is] like an Old Testament god, with a lot of rules and no mercy.
		-- Joseph Campbell


Everyone knows that dragons don't exist.  But while this simplistic
formulation may satisfy the layman, it does not suffice for the
scientific mind.  The School of Higher Neantical Nillity is in fact
wholly unconcerned with what _d_o_e_s exist.  Indeed, the banality of
existence has been so amply demonstrated, there is no need for us to
discuss it any further here.  The brilliant Cerebron, attacking the
problem analytically, discovered three distinct kinds of dragon: the
mythical, the chimerical, and the purely hypothetical.  They were all,
one might say, nonexistent, but each nonexisted in an entirely
different way ...
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


What I mean (and everybody else means) by the word QUALITY cannot be
broken down into subjects and predicates.  This is not because Quality
is so mysterious but because Quality is so simple, immediate, and direct.
		-- Robert Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"


I really had to act; 'cause I didn't have any lines.
		-- Marilyn Chambers


Water, taken in moderation cannot hurt anybody.
		-- Mark Twain


The marriage of Marxism and feminism has been like the marriage of
husband and wife depicted in English common law: Marxism and feminism
are one, and that one is Marxism.
		-- Heidi Hartmann,
		   "The Unhappy Marriage of Marxism and Feminism"


FLASH!
Intelligence of mankind decreasing.
Details at ... uh, when the little hand is on the ....


A government that is big enough to give you all you want is big enough
to take it all away.
		-- Barry Goldwater


Men never make passes at girls wearing glasses.
		-- Dorothy Parker


A man's house is his castle.
		-- Sir Edward Coke


Life is like a bowl of soup with hairs floating on it.  You have to
eat it nevertheless.
		-- Flaubert


There was a man who enjoyed playing golf, and could occasionally put up
with taking in a round with his wife.  One time (with his wife along) he
was having an extremely bad round.  On the 12th hole, he sliced a drive
over by a grounds-keepers' shack.  Although he did not have a clear shot
to the green, his wife noticed that there were two doors on the shack,
and there was a possibility that, if both doors were opened, he might be
able to hit through.  Without hesitation, he instructed his wife to go
around to the other side and open the far door.  Sure enough, this gave
him a clear path to the green.  He stepped up to his ball and prepared
to hit.  His wife had been standing by the far door waiting for him to
hit through.  After a moment, she became curious and stuck her head in
the doorway, to see what he was doing.  At that exact moment, the husband
cracked a three-wood that hit his wife square on the forehead, killing
her instantly.  A few weeks later, the man was playing a round at the same
course, this time with a friend of his.  Once again on the 12th hole, he
sliced his drive to the shack.  His friend suggested that he might be able
to hit through, if he was to open both doors.
	"Nah", replied the man, "Last time I did that I took a 7".


Truly simple systems... require infinite testing.
		-- Norman Augustine


The National Short-Sleeved Shirt Association says:
	Support your right to bare arms!


There is no sincerer love than the love of food.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


I couldn't possibly fail to disagree with you less.


I base my fashion taste on what doesn't itch.
		-- Gilda Radner


Genealogy, n.:
	An account of one's descent from an ancestor
	who did not particularly care to trace his own.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


A real diplomat is one who can cut his neighbor's throat without having
his neighbor notice it.
		-- Trygve Lie


If graphics hackers are so smart,
why can't they get the bugs out of fresh paint?


If I don't see you in the future, I'll see you in the pasture.


Give your very best today.
Heaven knows it's little enough.


	"Oh sure, this costume may look silly, but it lets me get in and out
of dangerous situations -- I work for a federal task force doing a survey on
urban crime.  Look, here's my ID, and here's a number you can call, that will
put you through to our central base in Atlanta.  Go ahead, call -- they'll
confirm who I am.
	"Unless, of course, the Astro-Zombies have destroyed it."
		-- Captain Freedom


Cable is not a luxury, since many areas have poor TV reception.
		-- The Mayor of Tucson, Arizona, 1989


Building translators is good clean fun.
		-- T. Cheatham


"And, you know, I mustn't preach to you, but surely it wouldn't be right for
you to take away people's pleasure of studying your attire, by just going
and making yourself like everybody else.  You feel that, don't you?"  said
he, earnestly.
		-- William Morris, "Notes from Nowhere"


To iterate is human, to recurse, divine.
		-- Robert Heller


The more laws and order are made prominent,
the more thieves and robbers there will be.
		-- Lao Tsu


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #10 -- SIMPLE

	SIMPLE is an acronym for Sheer Idiot's Monopurpose Programming
Language Environment.  This language, developed at the Hanover College
for Technological Misfits, was designed to make it impossible to write
code with errors in it.  The statements are, therefore, confined to BEGIN,
END and STOP.  No matter how you arrange the statements, you can't make a
syntax error.  Programs written in SIMPLE do nothing useful, thus achieving
the results of programs written in other languages without the tedious,
frustrating process of testing and debugging.


Cruickshank's Law of Committees:
	If a committee is allowed to discuss a bad idea long enough, it
	will inevitably decide to implement the idea simply because so
	much work has already been done on it.


Size counts.


The Commandments of the EE:

1:	Beware of lightning that lurketh in an uncharged condenser
	lest it cause thee to bounce upon thy buttocks in a most
	embarrassing manner.
2:	Cause thou the switch that supplieth large quantities of juice to
	be opened and thusly tagged, that thy days may be long in this
	earthly vale of tears.
3:	Prove to thyself that all circuits that radiateth, and upon
	which the worketh, are grounded and thusly tagged lest they lift
	thee to a radio frequency potential and causeth thee to make like
	a radiator too.
4:	Tarry thou not amongst these fools that engage in intentional
	shocks for they are not long for this world and are surely
	unbelievers.


Psychiatrists say that one out of four people are mentally ill.  Check
three friends.  If they're OK, you're it.


Q:	Why was Stonehenge abandoned?
A:	It wasn't IBM compatible.


Do people know you have freckles everywhere?


Climate and Surgery
	R C Gilchrist, who was shot by J Sharp twelve days ago, and who
received a derringer ball in the right breast, and who it was supposed at
the time could not live many hours, was on the street yesterday and the
day before - walking several blocks at a time.  To those who design to be
riddled with bullets or cut to pieces with Bowie-knives, we cordially
recommend our Sacramento climate and Sacramento surgery.
		-- Sacramento Daily Union, September 11, 1861


Science is built up of facts, as a house is with stones.  But a
collection of facts is no more a science than a heap of stones
is a house.
		-- Jules Henri Poincar'e


Nouvelle cuisine, n.:
	French for "not enough food".

Continental breakfast, n.:
	English for "not enough food".

Tapas, n.:
	Spanish for "not enough food".

Dim Sum, n.:
	Chinese for more food than you've ever seen in your entire life.


Documentation is the castor oil of programming.  Managers know it must
be good because the programmers hate it so much.


I don't remember ever having had the itch, and yet scratching is
one of nature's sweet pleasures, and so handy.


When you're ready to give up the struggle, who can you surrender to?


Have you ever felt like a wounded cow
halfway between an oven and a pasture?
walking in a trance toward a pregnant
	seventeen-year-old housewife's
	two-day-old cookbook?
		-- Richard Brautigan


-- THE BATES MOTEL --
					... convenient
					...	clean
					...	cozy

	Norman, knock loudly,
	     I'm in the shower.

		M.


Ask your boss to reconsider --
It's so difficult to take "Go to hell" for an answer.


Lays eggs inside a paper bag;
The reason, you will see, no doubt,
Is to keep the lightning out.
But what these unobservant birds
Have failed to notice is that herds
Of bears may come with buns
And steal the bags to hold the crumbs.


Sanity and insanity overlap a fine grey line.


"My code is elegant", "Your code is sneaky", "His code is an ugly hack"
		-- Colin Percival on irregular verbs


It is most dangerous nowadays for a husband to pay any attention to his
wife in public.  It always makes people think that he beats her when
they're alone.  The world has grown so suspicious of anything that looks
like a happy married life.
		-- Oscar Wilde


The three most dangerous things in the world are a programmer with a
soldering iron, a hardware type with a program patch and a user with
an idea.
		-- The Wizardry Compiled by Rick Cook


A husky foreigner, looking for sex, accepted a prostitute's terms.  When
she undressed, he noticed that she had no pubic hair.  The man shouted,
"What, no wool?  In my country all women have wool down there."
	The prostitute snapped back, "What do you want to do, knit or fuck?"


Established technology tends to persist in the face of new technology.
		-- G. Blaauw, one of the designers of System 360


Hackers know all the right MOVs.


A black cat crossing your path signifies
that the animal is going somewhere.
		-- Groucho Marx


You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.


Lick-a-dee-clit!


Q:	What do you call a principal female opera singer whose high C
	is lower than those of other principal female opera singers?
A:	A deep C diva.


First rule of public speaking.
	First, tell 'em what you're goin' to tell 'em;
	then tell 'em;
	then tell 'em what you've tole 'em.


WHERE CAN THE MATTER BE
	Oh, dear, where can the matter be
	When it's converted to energy?
	There is a slight loss of parity.
	Johnny's so long at the fair.


Hear about...
	the secretary that got fired because she had one too mini?


While anyone can admit to themselves they were
wrong, the true test is admission to someone else.


You single-handedly fought your way into this hopeless mess.


If a 6600 used paper tape instead of core memory, it would use up tape
at about 30 miles/second.
		-- Grishman, Assembly Language Programming


To envision how a 4-processor system running [SunOS] 4.1.x works, think
of four kids and one bathroom.
		-- John DiMarco


A grade school teacher, who was doing a unit on World War II heard that
the father of one of her students had been a fighter pilot during the war
with one of the Scandinavian Air Forces.  She invited him to come in and
speak to the class.  The guy was more than happy to talk, and began with
a story about a morning patrol where he had been nearly shot down.
	"We had been up for about 20 minutes flying over enemy held
territory, when we noticed, just in time, 3 Fokkers diving on us from above."
At the first mention of `Fokkers' the class giggled a little bit.
	"Our group broke formation, and began the dog-fighting.  As we
fought, we noticed 2 more Fokkers coming at us from above and 2 more
Fokkers, fresh from the landing field, come to join the battle".
At this second and third mention of `Fokkers' the class was almost laughing
openly, and the teacher interrupted the story to ask the pilot to explain
to the class that a `Fokker' was a particular type of plane flown by the
German Air Force.
	He replied, "Ya, dat is true, but these Fokkers were Messerschmitts."


	In the morning, laughing, happy fish heads
	In the evening, floating in the soup.
(chorus):
Fish heads, fish heads, roly-poly fish heads;
Fish heads, fish heads, eat them up. Yum!
	You can ask them anything you want to.
	They won't answer; they can't talk.
(chorus):
	I took a fish head out to see a movie,
	Didn't have to pay to get it in.
(chorus):
	They can't play baseball; they don't wear sweaters;
	They aren't good dancers; they can't play drums.
(chorus):
	Roly-poly fish heads are NEVER seen drinking cappucino in
	Italian restaurants with Oriental women.
(chorus):
	Fishy!
(chorus):
		-- Fish Heads


If puns were deli meat, this would be the wurst.


When Alexander Graham Bell died in 1922, the telephone people
interrupted service for one minute in his honor.  They've been
honoring him intermittently ever since, I believe.
		-- The Grab Bag


A hypocrite is a person who ... but who isn't?
		-- Don Marquis


The nervous young bride became irritated by her husband's lusty advances on
their wedding night and reprimanded him severely.
	"I demand proper manners in bed," she declared, "just as I do at
the dinner table."
	Amused by his wife's formality, the groom smoothed his rumpled hair
and climbed quietly between the sheets.  "Is that better?" he asked, with a
hint of a smile.
	"Yes," replied the girl, "much better."
	"Very good, darling," the husband whispered.  "Now would you
be so kind as to please pass the pussy?"


Oh, yeah, life goes on, long after the thrill of livin' is gone.
		-- John Cougar, "Jack and Diane"


(1)	Office employees will daily sweep the floors, dust the
	furniture, shelves, and showcases.
(2)	Each day fill lamps, clean chimneys, and trim wicks.
	Wash the windows once a week.
(3)	Each clerk will bring a bucket of water and a scuttle of
	coal for the day's business.
(4)	Make your pens carefully.  You may whittle nibs to your
	individual taste.
(5)	This office will open at 7 a.m. and close at 8 p.m. except
	on the Sabbath, on which day we will remain closed.  Each
	employee is expected to spend the Sabbath by attending
	church and contributing liberally to the cause of the Lord.
		-- "Office Worker's Guide", New England Carriage
		    Works, 1872


QOTD:
	"I may not be able to walk, but I drive from the sitting position."


According to the obituary notices, a mean and unimportant person never
dies.


He has not acquired a fortune; the fortune has acquired him.
		-- Bion


You've been leading a dog's life.  Stay off the furniture.


My folks didn't come over on the Mayflower,
but they were there to meet the boat.


Convention is the ruler of all.
		-- Pindar


If bankers can count, how come they have
eight windows and only four tellers?


Kill for the love of killing!  Kill for the love of Kali!
		-- Hindu saying


If rabbits feet are so lucky, what happened to the rabbit?


Olmstead's Law:
	After all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done.


Be free and open and breezy!  Enjoy!
Things won't get any better so get used to it.


You don't have to think too hard when you talk to teachers.
		-- J. D. Salinger


YO-YO:
	Something that is occasionally up but normally down.
	(see also Computer).


Patience is long forgotten by convenience in this life.
		-- Carmen Caicedo Giraudy


Kiss your keyboard goodbye!


A man said to the Universe:
	"Sir, I exist!"
	"However," replied the Universe,
	"the fact has not created in me a sense of obligation."
		-- Stephen Crane


One Bell System - it used to work before they installed the Dimension!


PPRB -- Pillage, plunder, rape and burn.


Sometimes, at the end of the day, when I'm
smiling and shaking their hands, I want to kick them.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Sure, Reagan has promised to take senility tests.
But what if he forgets?


Proof techniques #1: Proof by Induction.

This technique is used on equations with 'n' in them.  Induction
techniques are very popular, even the military use them.

SAMPLE:  Proof of induction without proof of induction.

	We know it's true for n equal to 1.  Now assume that it's true
for every natural number less than n.  N is arbitrary, so we can take n
as large as we want.  If n is sufficiently large, the case of n+1 is
trivially equivalent, so the only important n are n less than n.  We can
take n = n (from above), so it's true for n+1 because it's just about n.
	QED.	(QED translates from the Latin as "So what?")


First you get down on your knees,	Get in line in that processional,
Fiddle with your rosaries,		Step into that small confessional,
Bow your head with great respect,	There the guy who's got religion'll
And genuflect, genuflect, genuflect!	Tell you if your sins' original.
Do whatever steps you want if		If it is, try playin' it safer,
You have cleared them with the Pontiff,	Drink the wine and chew the wafer,
Ev'rybody say his own			Two, four, six eight,
Kyrie eleison,				Time to transubstantiate!
Doin' the Vatican Rag.

So get down upon your knees,		Make a cross on your abdomen,
Fiddle with your rosaries,		When in Rome do like a Roman,
Bow your head with great respect,	Ave Maria,
And genuflect, genuflect, genuflect!	Gee, it's good to see ya,
	Gettin' ecstatic an' sorta dramatic an' Doin' the Vatican Rag!
		-- Tom Lehrer, "The Vatican Rag"


I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person.


Home is where the hurt is.
		-- Strange de Jim


Oh, the Slithery Dee, he crawled out of the sea.
He may catch all the others, but he won't catch me.
No, he won't catch me, stupid ol' Slithery Dee.
He may catch all the others, but AAAARRRRGGGGHHHH!!!!
		-- The Smothers Brothers


I think your opinions are reasonable,
except for the one about my mental instability.
		-- Psychology Professor, Fairfield University


Like I said, love wouldn't be so blind if the braille
weren't so damned great!
		-- Armistead Maupin


Boy, n.:
	A noise with dirt on it.


A day without orange juice is like a day without orange juice.


Far duller than a serpent's tooth it is to spend a quiet youth.


Imbalance of power corrupts and monopoly of power corrupts absolutely.
		-- Genji


It's later than you think, the joint
Russian-American space mission has already begun.


Cogito ergo I'm right and you're wrong.
		-- Blair Houghton


It's a dog-eat-dog world out there, and I'm wearing Milkbone underwear.
		-- Cheers


It is the business of little minds to shrink.
		-- Carl Sandburg


One family builds a wall, two families enjoy it.


I don't remember it, but I have it written down.


Bisexuality immediately doubles your chances for a date on Saturday night.
		-- Woody Allen


Accident, n.:
	A condition in which presence of mind is good,
	but absence of body is better.
		-- Foolish Dictionary


Dr. Fritzkee's Lucky Astrology Diet

The problem with the diets of today is that most women who do achieve
that magic weight, seventy-six pounds, are still fat.  Dr. Fritzkee's
Lucky Astrology Diet is a sure-fire method of reducing with the added
luxury that you never feel hungry.

Here's how the diet works:

	FOODS ALLOWED
First Month:	One egg
Second Month:	A raisin
Third Month:	Pumpkin pie with whipped cream and chocolate sauce.

If after the third month you haven't gotten to your dream weight, try
lopping off parts of your body until those scales tip just right for you.


	A man from AI walked across the mountains to SAIL to see the Master,
Knuth.  When he arrived, the Master was nowhere to be found.  "Where is the
wise one named Knuth?" he asked a passing student.
	"Ah," said the student, "you have not heard. He has gone on a
pilgrimage across the mountains to the temple of AI to seek out new
disciples."
	Hearing this, the man was Enlightened.


Mary had a little lamb, its fleece was white as snow,
And everywhere that Mary went, the lamb was sure to go.
It followed her through rain or snow, lightning, sleet or hail.
It fetched the evening paper, her slippers, and the mail.
She never had a moments peace; the lamb was always on her heels,
And on her feet its head would rest, while she ate her meals.
It followed her to school one day, the devotion never ended.
The lamb waltzed into her history class and Mary got suspended.
The night she went to Senior Prom, she thought she had him beat,
Until she heard a mournful "Baaa" coming from her car's seat.
Oh, Mary had a little lamb, it surely didn't please her.
So for dinner she had lambchops; the rest is in the freezer.
		-- Alma Garcia


	"How did you spend the weekend?" asked the pretty brunette secretary
of her blonde companion.
	"Fishing through the ice," she replied.
	"Fishing through the ice?  Whatever for?"
	"Olives."


Who is D. B. Cooper, and where is he now?


If it were not for the presents, an elopement would be preferable.
		-- George Ade, "Forty Modern Fables"


Q:	What do you get when you cross an onion with a donkey?
A:	Well, most of the time you get an onion with big ears, but every
	once in a while you get a piece of ass that will bring tears to
	your eyes...


We should declare war on North Vietnam.  We could pave the whole
country and put parking strips on it, and still be home by Christmas.
		-- Ronald Reagan


To save a single life is better than to build a seven story pagoda.


Support the Girl Scouts!
	(Today's Brownie is tomorrow's Cookie!)


Heard tell that the Iron Magnolia wanted to divorce ol' Jimmy.
Seems he's screwing everyone but her.


