Anyone who knows history, particularly the history of Europe, will, I think,
recognize that the domination of education or of government by any one
particular religious faith is never a happy arrangement for the people.
		-- Eleanor Roosevelt


	We were somewhere around Barstow on the edge of the desert when the
drugs began to take hold.  I remember saying something like "I feel a bit
lightheaded; maybe you should drive ..."  And suddenly there was a terrible
roar all around us and the sky was full of what looked like huge bats, all
swooping and screeching and diving around the car, which was going about a
hundred miles an hour with the top down to Las Vegas.  And a voice was
screaming: "Holy Jesus!  What are these goddamn animals?"
	Then it was quiet again.  My attorney had taken his shirt off and
was pouring beer on his chest, to facilitate the tanning process.  "What the
hell are you yelling about?" he muttered, staring up at the sun with his
eyes closed and covered with wraparound Spanish sunglasses.  "Never mind,"
I said.  "It's your turn to drive."  I hit the brakes and aimed the Great
Red Shark toward the shoulder of the highway.  No point in mentioning the
bats, I thought.  The poor bastard will see them soon enough.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas:
		   A Savage Journey to the Heart of the American Dream"


IV. The time required for an object to fall twenty stories is greater than or
    equal to the time it takes for whoever knocked it off the ledge to
    spiral down twenty flights to attempt to capture it unbroken.
	Such an object is inevitably priceless, the attempt to capture it
	inevitably unsuccessful.
 V. All principles of gravity are negated by fear.
	Psychic forces are sufficient in most bodies for a shock to propel
	them directly away from the earth's surface.  A spooky noise or an
	adversary's signature sound will induce motion upward, usually to
	the cradle of a chandelier, a treetop, or the crest of a flagpole.
	The feet of a character who is running or the wheels of a speeding
	auto need never touch the ground, especially when in flight.
VI. As speed increases, objects can be in several places at once.
	This is particularly true of tooth-and-claw fights, in which a
	character's head may be glimpsed emerging from the cloud of
	altercation at several places simultaneously.  This effect is common
	as well among bodies that are spinning or being throttled.  A "wacky"
	character has the option of self-replication only at manic high
	speeds and may ricochet off walls to achieve the velocity required.
		-- Esquire, "O'Donnell's Laws of Cartoon Motion", June 1980


I'd never join any club that would have the likes of me as a member.
		-- Groucho Marx


Alexander Hamilton started the U.S. Treasury with nothing - and that was
the closest our country has ever been to being even.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


The sex act is the funniest thing on the face of this earth.
		-- Diana Rigg


It's not against any religion to want to dispose of a pigeon.
		-- Tom Lehrer


Although golf was originally restricted to wealthy, overweight
Protestants, today it's open to anybody who owns hideous clothing.
		-- Dave Barry


If you want your spouse to listen and pay strict attention to every word
you say, talk in your sleep.


The hatred of relatives is the most violent.
		-- Tacitus (c.55 - c.117)


Women in love consist of a little sighing, a little
crying, a little dying -- and a good deal of lying.
		-- Ansey


All the men on my staff can type.
		-- Bella Abzug


There are three possibilities: Pioneer's solar panel has turned away
from the sun; there's a large meteor blocking transmission; or someone
loaded Star Trek 3.2 into our video processor.


	"The jig's up, Elman."
	"Which jig?"
		-- Jeff Elman


You're reasoning is excellent -- it's
only your basic assumptions that are wrong.


Said a pornographistic young poet
"Although I perhaps do not show it,
	My interest in sin
	Is wearing quite thin,
And I'll soon tell those fuckers to stow it."


THE BEATLES:
	Paul McCartney's old back-up band.


Ona day Ima gonna to Detroit to a bigga hotel.  Ina morning I go down to
eat breakfast.  I tella waitress I wanna two piss's toast.  She bringa me
only one piss.  I tella her I wanna two piss ona my plate.  She says you
better no piss on the plate, you sonna bitch.  I don't even know the lady
and she call me sonna bitch.  Later I go out to eat at the bigga restaurant.
The waitress bring me a spoon and a knife but no fock.  I tell her I wanna
fock.  She tells me everone wanna fock.  I tell her "you no understand", I
wanna fock on the table.  She say you better not fock on the table, you
sonna bitch.  So I go back to my room ina hotel and there isa no shits ona
my bed.  I calla the manager and tella him I wanna shit.  He tella me to go
to the toilet.  I say "you no understand", I wanna shit on the bed.  He say
you better no shit ona bed, you sonna bitch.  I go to check out and the man
at the desk say "peace to you".  I say piss on you too, you sonna bitch.  I
gonna back to Italy.


Dyslexics have more fnu.


There is no such thing as pure pleasure;
some anxiety always goes with it.


It's not a sin not to be Irish, but it is a great shame.
		-- Sean O'Huiginn


Save a forest -- eat a beaver!


HONOR:
	Almost as good as in 'er.


There is one way to find out if a man is honest -- ask him.  If he says
"Yes" you know he is crooked.
		-- Groucho Marx


Is there life before breakfast?


Buffy:	No!  You guys are gonna have a prom.  The kind of prom that
	everyone should have.  I'm going to give you all a nice, fun,
	normal evening; if I have to kill every single person on the
	face of the earth to do it!
Xander:	Yay.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Prom"
		   Season 3, Episode 20


Man has never reconciled himself to the ten commandments.


Mathematics deals exclusively with the relations of concepts
to each other without consideration of their relation to experience.
		-- Albert Einstein


Everyone hates me because I'm paranoid.


God is real, unless declared integer.


It is idle to attempt to talk a young woman out of her passion:
love does not lie in the ear.
		-- Walpole


A little retrospection shows that although many fine, useful software systems
have been designed by committees and built as part of multipart projects,
those software systems that have excited passionate fans are those that are
the products of one or a few designing minds, great designers.  Consider Unix,
APL, Pascal, Modula, the Smalltalk interface, even Fortran; and contrast them
with Cobol, PL/I, Algol, MVS/370, and MS-DOS.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr.


It just doesn't seem right to go over the river and through the woods
to Grandmother's condo.


The last time somebody said, "I find I can write much better with a word
processor.", I replied, "They used to say the same thing about drugs."
		-- Roy Blount, Jr.


If love is the answer, could you rephrase the question?
		-- Lily Tomlin


God created a few perfect heads.
The rest he covered with hair.


	"Do you cheat on your wife?" asked the psychiatrist.
	"Who else?" answered the patient.


So little time, so little to do.
		-- Oscar Levant


	... with liberty and justice for all who can afford it.


Having made a remark rather coarse,
A young lady was seized with remorse;
	She fled from the room,
	And later, a groom
Saw her rolling about in the gorse.
		-- Edward Gorey


We are going to have peace even if we have to fight for it.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


Cold hands, no gloves.


Hummingbirds never remember the words to songs.


The whole world is about three drinks behind.
		-- Humphrey Bogart


Ogden's Law:
	The sooner you fall behind, the more time you have to catch up.


In my end is my beginning.
		-- Mary Stuart, Queen of Scots


Millions of sensible people are too high-minded to concede that politics is
almost always the choice of the lesser evil.  "Tweedledum and Tweedledee,"
they say.  "I will not vote."  Having abstained, they are presented with a
President who appoints the people who are going to rummage around in their
lives for the next four years.  Consider all the people who sat home in a
stew in 1968 rather than vote for Hubert Humphrey.  They showed Humphrey.
Those people who taught Hubert Humphrey a lesson will still be enjoying the
Nixon Supreme Court when Tricia and Julie begin to find silver threads among
the gold and the black.
		-- Russel Baker, "Ford without Flummery"


A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.


Angel:	We need you to distract the vampires.
Buffy:	Right.
Xander:	What are you going to do?
Buffy:	I'm going to kill them all.  (Walking away)
	That oughta distract them.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "When She Was Bad"
		   Season 2, Episode 1


The President publicly apologized today to all those offended by his
brother's remark, "There's more Arabs in this country than there is
Jews!".  Those offended include Arabs, Jews, and English teachers.
		-- Baltimore, Channel 11 News, on Jimmy Carter


It is a sobering thought that when Mozart was
my age, he had been dead for 2 years.
		-- Tom Lehrer


Most seminars have a happy ending.  Everyone's glad when they're over.


Then there was the Scot that wanted to rob a jewelry store -- he tossed a
brick through the show window and ran off with a king's ransom.  They
caught him when he came back for the brick.


No matter who you are, some scholar can show you
the great idea you had was had by someone before you.


I began many years ago, as so many young men do, in searching for the
perfect woman.  I believed that if I looked long enough, and hard enough,
I would find her and then I would be secure for life.  Well, the years
and romances came and went, and I eventually ended up settling for someone
a lot less than my idea of perfection.  But one day, after many years
together, I lay there on our bed recovering from a slight illness.  My
wife was sitting on a chair next to the bed, humming softly and watching
the late afternoon sun filtering through the trees.  The only sounds to
be heard elsewhere were the clock ticking, the kettle downstairs starting
to boil, and an occasional schoolchild passing beneath our window.  And
as I looked up into my wife's now wrinkled face, but still warm and
twinkling eyes, I realized something about perfection...  It comes only
with time.
		-- James L. Collymore, "Perfect Woman"


It is impossible to make anything
foolproof because fools are so ingenious.


Spence's Admonition:
	Never stow away on a kamikaze plane.


What the hell is it good for?
		-- Robert Lloyd (engineer of the Advanced Computing Systems
		   Division of IBM), to colleagues who insisted that the
		   microprocessor was the wave of the future, c. 1968


The church is near but the road is icy,
the bar is far away but I will walk carefully.
		-- Russian Proverb


YOUR FOAMY FUTURE
	by Miss Fortune

CANCER (Jun 22 - July 22)
	You've been awarded a clean bill of health this month and you feel
you owe it all to the excessive amount of Vitamin B, Iron, and Malt you get
in your beer.  Being healthy is admirable but don't you think you're going
to feel stupid one day lying in a hospital dying of nothing?

LEO (July 23 - August 22)
	You will soon acquire a large sum of money and will be in seventh
heaven as you head to the nearest Liquor Barn and buy all the beer they have
in stock.  Whoever said money couldn't buy happiness didn't know where to
shop.

VIRGO (August 23 - September 22)
	Your late night, beer drinking, "life in the fast lane" parties are
affecting your job production the next morning.  You feel a nine to five job
is not for a "party animal" such as yourself and may feel the need for a
career change.  Just remember, people who work sitting down get paid more
than people who work standing up.


I think your opinions are reasonable,
except for the one about my mental instability.
		-- Psychology Professor, Fairfield University


No amount of careful planning will ever replace dumb luck.


There is not opinion so absurd that some philosopher will not express it.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero, "Ad familiares"


Slowly and surely the Unix crept up on the Nintendo user ...


It isn't whether you win or lose, it's how much money you end up with.
		-- Jack T. Shakespeare


May you live in uninteresting times.
		-- Chinese proverb


Social interaction can be fatal.  Come to Irvine and live forever.


... But we've only fondled the surface of that subject.
		-- Virginia Masters


A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS:

7. PAY YOUR MEDICAL BILLS PROMPTLY AND WILLINGLY.
	You should consider it a privilege to contribute, however modestly,
	to the well-being of physicians and other humanitarians.

8. DO NOT SUFFER FROM AILMENTS THAT YOU CANNOT AFFORD.
	It is sheer arrogance to contract illnesses that are beyond your means.

9. NEVER REVEAL ANY OF THE SHORTCOMINGS THAT HAVE COME TO LIGHT IN THE COURSE
   OF TREATMENT BY YOUR DOCTOR.
	The patient-doctor relationship is a privileged one, and you have a
	sacred duty to protect him from exposure.

10. NEVER DIE WHILE IN YOUR DOCTOR'S PRESENCE OR UNDER HIS DIRECT CARE.
	This will only cause him needless inconvenience and embarrassment.


Time goes, you say?
Ah no!
Time stays, *we* go.
		-- Austin Dobson


		My Favorite Drugs [Sung to My Favorite Things]
Reefers and roach clips and papers and rollers
Cocaine and procaine for twenty year molars
Reds and peyote to work out your bugs
These are a few of my favorite drugs.

Uppers and downers and methedrine freakout
Take some amphetamines, watch your brains leak out
Acid and mescaline pull out your plugs
These are a few of my favorite drugs.

Backs that are perfect for carrying monkeys
Users of heroin, often called junkies
Methadone helps then to stop being thugs
Takes them off one of my favorite drugs.

	On a bad trip
	When the cops come
	When I lose my head
	I simply take more of my favorite drugs
	And then I'm not sad -- I'm dead!


The superpowers often behave like two heavily armed blind men feeling
their way around a room, each believing himself in mortal peril from
the other, whom he assumes to have perfect vision.  Each tends to
ascribe to the other side a consistency, foresight and coherence that
its own experience belies.  Of course, even two blind men can do
enormous damage to each other, not to speak of the room.
		-- Henry Kissinger


All the big corporations depreciate their possessions, and you can,
too, provided you use them for business purposes.  For example, if you
subscribe to the Wall Street Journal, a business-related newspaper, you
can deduct the cost of your house, because, in the words of U.S.
Supreme Court Chief Justice Warren Burger in a landmark 1979 tax
decision: "Where else are you going to read the paper?  Outside?  What
if it rains?"
		-- Dave Barry, "Sweating Out Taxes"


Whatever you may be sure of, be sure of this: that you are dreadfully like
other people.
		-- James Russell Lowell, "My Study Windows"


We may not return the affection of those who like us,
but we always respect their good judgment.


USENET would be a better laboratory is there were
more labor and less oratory.
		-- Elizabeth Haley


You have all eternity to be cautious in when you're dead.
		-- Lois Platford


There are two times when a man doesn't understand a woman -- before
marriage and after marriage.


The only thing we learn from history is that we learn nothing from
history.
		-- Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel

I know guys can't learn from yesterday ... Hegel must be taking the
long view.
		-- John Brunner, "Stand on Zanzibar"


Randel, n.:
	A nonsensical poem recited by Irish schoolboys as an apology
for farting at a friend.
		-- Mrs. Byrne's Dictionary of Unusual, Obscure, and
		   Preposterous Words


There never was a good war or a bad peace.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


The problem ... is that we have run out of dinosaurs to form oil with.
Scientists working for the Department of Energy have tried to form oil
using other animals; they've piled thousands of tons of sand and Middle
Eastern countries on top of cows, raccoons, haddock, laboratory rats,
etc., but so far all they have managed to do is run up an enormous
bulldozer-rental bill and anger a lot of Middle Eastern persons.  None
of the animals turned into oil, although most of the laboratory rats
developed cancer.
		-- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"


Impossible, adj.:
	(1) I wouldn't like it and when it happens I won't approve;
	(2) I can't be bothered;
	(3) God can't be bothered.
Meaning (3) may perhaps be valid but the others are 101% whaledreck.
		-- Chad C. Mulligan, "The Hipcrime Vocab"


The Dowager Duchess of Spout
Collapsed at the height of a rout;
	She found strength to say
	As they bore her away:
"I should never have taken the trout."
		-- Edward Gorey


Maybe you can't buy happiness, but
these days you can certainly charge it.


!07/11 PDP a ni deppart m'I  !pleH


Logic is a little bird, sitting in a tree; that smells *_a_w_f_u_l*.


Why does a hearse horse snicker, hauling a lawyer away?
		-- Carl Sandburg


The average girl would rather have beauty than brains because she
knows that the average man can see much better than he can think.
		-- Ladies' Home Journal


Time sure flies when you don't know what you're doing.


Megaton Man:	"LOOK at them!  Helpless, tender creatures, relying on
		ME, waiting for ME to make my move!"

(from below):	"Move your ASS, Fat-head!"

Megaton Man:	"It is a MANDATE, and I am DUTY BOUND to OBEY!"


If you think the United States has stood still, who built the largest
shopping center in the world?
		-- Richard M. Nixon


You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.


Pyro's of the world... IGNITE !!!


Theorem: All programs are dull.

Proof: Assume the contrary; i.e., the set of interesting programs is
nonempty.  Arrange them (or it) in order of interest (note that all
sets can be well ordered, so do it properly).  The minimal element is
the "least interesting program", the obvious dullness of which provides
the contradictory denouement we so devoutly seek.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


A husky foreigner, looking for sex, accepted a prostitute's terms.  When
she undressed, he noticed that she had no pubic hair.  The man shouted,
"What, no wool?  In my country all women have wool down there."
	The prostitute snapped back, "What do you want to do, knit or fuck?"


Blow it out your ass!


Sam:  What's new, Norm?
Norm: Most of my wife.
		-- Cheers, The Spy Who Came in for a Cold One

Coach: Beer, Norm?
Norm:  Naah, I'd probably just drink it.
		-- Cheers, Now Pitching, Sam Malone

Coach:	What's doing, Norm?
Norm:	Well, science is seeking a cure for thirst.  I happen
	to be the guinea pig.
		-- Cheers, Let Me Count the Ways


I could dance till the cows come home.  On second thought, I'd rather
dance with the cows till you come home.
		-- Groucho Marx


I asked a teacher what the opposite of a miracle was and she, without
thinking, I assume, said it was an act of God.
			-- Terry Prachett (Daily Mail 21 june 2008)


The only difference between a rut and a grave is their dimensions.


If you cannot convince them, confuse them.
		-- Harry S. Truman


It is so soon that I am done for, I wonder what I was begun for.
		-- Epitaph, Cheltenham Churchyard


What this country needs is a good five cent microcomputer.


Still a few bugs in the system... Someday I have to tell you about Uncle
Nahum from Maine, who spent years trying to cross a jellyfish with a shad
so he could breed boneless shad.  His experiment backfired too, and he
wound up with bony jellyfish... which was hardly worth the trouble.  There's
very little call for those up there.
		-- Allucquere R. "Sandy" Stone


WHEN YOU'RE RIDING IN A TIME MACHINE way far into the future, don't stick
your elbow out the window or it'll turn into a fossil.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Q:	What does it say on the bottom of Coke cans in North Dakota?
A:	Open other end.


A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
		-- Ziggy


Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.


A mouse was sniffing around in a meadow, when an eagle swooped down,
swallowed him whole, and rose up in the air again.  The mouse worked
his way through until his head was sticking out of the bird's asshole.
	"Say, good buddy," he squeaked, "how high up are we, anyway?"
	"Oh, about two thousand feet," answered the eagle.
	The mouse's eyes bugged out.  "Hey, you wouldn't shit me, would you?"


This is Marilyn Reed, I wanta talk to you...  Is this a machine?
I don't talk to machines!  [Click]


No, I'm not interested in developing a powerful brain.  All I'm after is
just a mediocre brain, something like the president of American Telephone
and Telegraph Company.
		-- Alan Turing on the possibilities of a thinking
		   machine, 1943.


QOTD:
	I'm not bald -- I'm "hair challenged".

	[I thought that was "differently haired". Ed.]


My mother didn't breast-feed me.  She said she liked me as a friend.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


Blackout, heatwave, .44 caliber homicide,
The bums drop dead and the dogs go mad in packs on the West Side,
A young girl standing on a ledge, looks like another suicide,
She wants to hit those bricks,
	'cause the news at six got to stick to a deadline,
While the millionaires hide in Beekman place,
The bag ladies throw their bones in my face,
I get attacked by a kid with stereo sound,
I don't want to hear it but he won't turn it down...
		-- Billy Joel, "Glass Houses"


We really don't have any enemies.
It's just that some of our best friends are trying to kill us.


Savage's Law of Expediency:
	You want it bad, you'll get it bad.


Bedfellows make strange politicians.


Blow it out your ear.


Chipmunks roasting on an open fire
Jack Frost ripping up your nose
Yuletide carolers being thrown in the fire
And folks dressed up like buffaloes
Everybody knows a turkey slaughtered in the snow
Helps to make the season right
Tiny tots with their eyes all gouged out
Will find it hard to see tonight
They know that Santa's on his way
He's loaded lots of guns and bullets on his sleigh
And every mother's child is sure to spy
To see if reindeer really scream when they die
And so I'm offering this simple phrase
To kids from one to ninety two
Although it's been said many times, many ways
Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas, Fuck you!!


The use of anthropomorphic terminology when dealing with computing systems
is a symptom of professional immaturity.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


A man gazing at the stars is proverbially at the mercy of the puddles
in the road.
		-- Alexander Smith


To be considered successful, a woman must be much better at her job
than a man would have to be.  Fortunately, this isn't difficult.


Turnaucka's Law:
	The attention span of a computer is only as long as its
	electrical cord.


Love is a snowmobile racing across the tundra, which suddenly flips
over, pinning you underneath.  At night the ice weasels come.
		-- Matt Groening, "Love is Hell"


Once I belonged to a group that really had THE WORD.  I fought like hell
for them.  But another group came along and exposed the word of my group
as shallow and degenerate.  They had a better word.  So I quit the first
group and lost all the friends I had made and I joined up with this new
group.  I fought like hell for them.  But another group came around.  They
exposed the word of my group as false and materialistic.  Their word was
very much better.  So I quit the second group and lost all the friends I
had made.  And I joined up with this new group.  I fought like hell for them.
Till this one guy came along and proved that there wasn't any word at all.
That I should go off as an individual and grow!  So I quit the last group
and lost all the friends I had made.  And now I sit home alone all day and
all I do is grow.  It would be nice to join up with some others who feel
the way I do.
		-- J. Feiffer


When the speaker and he to whom he is speaking do not understand, that is
metaphysics.
		-- Voltaire


A bureaucracy is like a septic tank -- all the really big shits float
to the top.


Everyone hates me because I'm paranoid.


The office brown-noser named Bunky
Would claim he was nobody's flunky.
	But when the chips were all down,
	His proboscis was brown,
And there hung many strands which were gunky.


An expert is one who knows more and more about less
and less until he knows absolutely nothing about everything.


Moustache rides, 50 cents.


As well look for a needle in a bottle of hay.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


Five rules for eternal misery:
	1) Always try to exhort others to look upon you favorably.
	2) Make lots of assumptions about situations and be sure to
	   treat these assumptions as though they are reality.
	3) Then treat each new situation as though it's a crisis.
	4) Live in the past and future only (become obsessed with
	   how much better things might have been or how much worse
	   things might become).
	5) Occasionally stomp on yourself for being so stupid as to
	   follow the first four rules.


Practice is the best of all instructors.
		-- Publilius


Politics, like religion, hold up the
torches of martyrdom to the reformers of error.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


When I was eight years old I came home with tears in my eyes because some
kids had stolen my sandwich.  My father handed me an ice pick, and said,
"Next time, hit 'em first and hit 'em hard."
		-- Jake LaMotta

You can't go into the ring and be a nice guy.  I would go a month, two
months, without having sex.  It worked for me because it made me a
vicious animal. You can't fight if you have any compassion or anything
like that.
		-- Jake LaMotta


I wish you were a Scotch on the rocks.


Getting there is only half as far as getting there and back.


Anger kills as surely as the other vices.


Be different: conform.


In reply to a message by Scott Long:

> Note: this amounts to life support for floppies.  The end IS coming.

Say it ain't so!  If you establish a dangerous trend like this in
your support for floppy booting, the next thing you know, some
computer manufacturer will start shipping machines without ANY FLOPPY
DRIVE AT ALL, leading to the infocalypse, the four horsemen pouring
their vials upon the earth, the birth of the anti-christ (or PERL 6,
whichever comes first), dogs and cats living together, etc.

It's the end of days, I tell you!  The end!  Can the FreeBSD/NetBSD
merger be that far off?
		-- Jordan Hubbard (31 January 2006)


	Now, you might ask, "How do I get one of those complete home
tool sets for under $4?"  An excellent question.
	Go to one of those really cheap discount stores where they sell
plastic furniture in colors visible from the planet Neptune and where
they have a food section specializing in cardboard cartons full of
Raisinets and malted milk balls manufactured during the Nixon
administration.  In either the hardware or housewares department,
you'll find an item imported from an obscure Oriental country and
described as "Nine Tools in One", consisting of a little handle with
interchangeable ends representing inscrutable Oriental notions of tools
that Americans might use around the home.  Buy it.
	This is the kind of tool set professionals use.  Not only is it
inexpensive, but it also has a great safety feature not found in the
so-called quality tools sets: The handle will actually break right off
if you accidentally hit yourself or anything else, or expose it to
direct sunlight.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Art is anything you can get away with.
		-- Marshall McLuhan


The Rabbits				The Cow
Here is a verse about rabbits		The cow is of the bovine ilk;
That doesn't mention their habits.	One end is moo, the other, milk.
		-- Ogden Nash


You can destroy your now by worrying about tomorrow.
		-- Janis Joplin


Langsam's Laws:
	(1) Everything depends.
	(2) Nothing is always.
	(3) Everything is sometimes.


The goys have proven the following theorem...
		-- Physicist John von Neumann, at the start of a classroom
		lecture.


A conservative is a man who believes that nothing should be done for
the first time.
		-- Alfred E. Wiggam


Since before the Earth was formed and before the sun burned hot in space,
cosmic forces of inexorable power have been working relentlessly toward
this moment in space-time -- your receiving this fortune.


Meskimen's Law:
	There's never time to do it right, but there's always time to
	do it over.


Cold, adj.:
	When your dog sticks to the fire hydrant.


If while you are in school, there is a shortage of qualified personnel
in a particular field, then by the time you graduate with the necessary
qualifications, that field's employment market is glutted.
		-- Marguerite Emmons


The real reason large families benefit society is because at least
a few of the children in the world shouldn't be raised by beginners.


Life is a grand adventure -- or it is nothing.
		-- Helen Keller


Some don't prefer the pursuit of happiness to the happiness of pursuit.


Better to use medicines at the outset than at the last moment.


I have no doubt the Devil grins,
As seas of ink I spatter.
Ye gods, forgive my "literary" sins--
The other kind don't matter.
		-- Robert W. Service


Art is the tree of life.  Science is the tree of death.


Fourth Law of Applied Terror:
	The night before the English History mid-term, your Biology
	instructor will assign 200 pages on planaria.

Corollary:
	Every instructor assumes that you have nothing else to do except
	study for that instructor's course.


Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set:

PI	Punch Invalid
POPI	Punch Operator Immediately
PVLC	Punch Variable Length Card
RASC	Read And Shred Card
RPM	Read Programmers Mind
RSSC	Reduce Speed, Step Carefully (for improved accuracy)
RTAB	Rewind Tape and Break
RWDSK	Rewind Disk
RWOC	Read Writing On Card
SCRBL	Scribble to disk - faster than a write
SLC	Search for Lost Chord
SPSW	Scramble Program Status Word
SRSD	Seek Record and Scar Disk
STROM	Store in Read Only Memory
TDB	Transfer and Drop Bit
WBT	Water Binary Tree


	"Richard, in being so fierce toward my vampire, you were doing
what you wanted to do, even though you thought it was going to hurt
somebody else. He even told you he'd be hurt if..."
	"He was going to suck my blood!"
	"Which is what we do to anyone when we tell them we'll be hurt
if they don't live our way."
...
	"The thing that puzzles you," he said, "is an accepted saying that
happens to be impossible.  The phrase is hurt somebody else.  We choose,
ourselves, to be hurt or not to be hurt, no matter what.  Us who decides.
Nobody else.  My vampire told you he'd be hurt if you didn't let him?  That's
his decision to be hurt, that's his choice.  What you do about it is your
decision, your choice: give him blood; ignore him; tie him up; drive a stake
through his heart.  If he doesn't want the holly stake, he's free to resist,
in whatever way he wants.  It goes on and on, choices, choices."
	"When you look at it that way..."
	"Listen," he said, "it's important.  We are all.  Free.  To do.
Whatever.  We want.  To do."
		-- Richard Bach, "Illusions"


You tread upon my patience.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


A man is marooned on a desert island with a female sheep and a male Doberman
for companionship.  The animals soon get it on sexually, and all goes well
until the man becomes unbearably horny and makes his move for the ewe, at
which point the dog interposes himself, snarling, fangs bared.  Months later,
a raft drifts into sight.  The sailor swims out, finds a beautiful girl on it,
takes her to shore and feeds and comforts her.
	"You are so good to me," she responds gratefully.  "I'd do absolutely
anything to show my gratitude."
	"Would you?" smiles the sailor as he unfastens the length of rope
that holds up his ragged pants.  "Well, then, here -- use this as a leash
and take that damn dog for a walk!"


After 35 years, I have finished a comprehensive study of European
comparative law.  In Germany, under the law, everything is prohibited,
except that which is permitted.  In France, under the law, everything
is permitted, except that which is prohibited.  In the Soviet Union,
under the law, everything is prohibited, including that which is
permitted.  And in Italy, under the law, everything is permitted,
especially that which is prohibited.
		-- Newton Minow, 1985,
		   Speech to the Association of American Law Schools


Human kind cannot bear very much reality.
		-- T. S. Eliot, "Four Quartets: Burnt Norton"


Feminists just want the human race to be a tie.


"Well," Brahma said, "even after ten thousand explanations, a fool is
no wiser, but an intelligent man requires only two thousand five
hundred."
		-- The Mahabharata


	A reader reports that when the patient died, the attending doctor
recorded the following on the patient's chart:  "Patient failed to fulfill
his wellness potential."

	Another doctor reports that in a recent issue of the *American Journal
of Family Practice* fleas were called "hematophagous arthropod vectors."

	A reader reports that the Army calls them "vertically deployed anti-
personnel devices."  You probably call them bombs.

	At McClellan Air Force base in Sacramento, California, civilian
mechanics were placed on "non-duty, non-pay status."  That is, they were fired.

	After taking the trip of a lifetime, our reader sent his twelve rolls
of film to Kodak for developing (or "processing," as Kodak likes to call it)
only to receive the following notice:  "We must report that during the handling
of your twelve 35mm Kodachrome slide orders, the films were involved in an
unusual laboratory experience."  The use of the passive is a particularly nice
touch, don't you think?  Nobody did anything to the films; they just had a bad
experience.  Of course our reader can always go back to Tibet and take his
pictures all over again, using the twelve replacement rolls Kodak so generously
sent him.
		-- Quarterly Review of Doublespeak (NCTE)


Round Numbers are always false.
		-- Samuel Johnson


Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
		-- Mark Twain


Remember thee
Ay, thou poor ghost while memory holds a seat
In this distracted globe.  Remember thee!
Yea, from the table of my memory
I'll wipe away all trivial fond records,
All saws of books, all forms, all pressures past,
That youth and observation copied there.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Hamlet"


The Least Successful Animal Rescue
	The firemen's strike of 1978 made possible one of the great animal
rescue attempts of all time.  Valiantly, the British Army had taken over
emergency firefighting and on 14 January they were called out by an elderly
lady in South London to retrieve her cat which had become trapped up a
tree.  They arrived with impressive haste and soon discharged their duty.
So grateful was the lady that she invited them all in for tea.  Driving off
later, with fond farewells completed, they ran over the cat and killed it.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Psychiatry enables us to correct our faults by confessing our parents'
shortcomings.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter, "Peter's Principles"


This ae nighte, this ae nighte,
Everye nighte and alle,
Fire and sleet and candlelyte,
And Christe receive thy saule.
		-- The Lykewake Dirge


Money is a powerful aphrodisiac.  But flowers work almost as well.
		-- Lazarus Long


A vacuum is a hell of a lot better
than some of the stuff that nature replaces it with.
		-- Tennessee Williams


A retired schoolteacher finally decided that she was tired of living alone
and wanted some companionship, so after a good deal of thought she decided
to visit the local pet shop.  The owner suggested a parrot, with which she
could conduct a civilized conversation.  This seemed to be an excellent
idea, so she bought a handsome parrot, sat him on a perch in her living room,
and said, "Say 'Pretty boy.'"  Silence from the bird.  "Come on now, say
'Pretty boy ... pretty boy.'"
	At long last, disgustedly, the bird said, "Oh, shit."
	Shocked, the schoolteacher said, "Just for that, you get five minutes
in the refrigerator."  Five minutes later she put the shivering bird back on
its perch and said, "Now let's hear it: 'Pretty boy ... pretty boy.'"
	"Damn it, wouldja lay off, lady?" said the parrot.
	Outraged, the woman grabbed the bird, said, "That's it!  Ten minutes
in the freezer," and slammed the door on him.
	Hopping about to keep warm, what does the parrot come across but a
big frozen turkey waiting for Thanksgiving.  Startled, he squawks, "My God,
you must have told the bitch to go fuck herself!"


I can understand companionship.  I can understand bought sex in the
afternoon.  I cannot understand the love affair.
		-- Gore Vidal


The chain which can be yanked is not the eternal chain.
		-- G. Fitch


Systems have sub-systems and sub-systems have sub-systems and so on ad
infinitum -- which is why we're always starting over.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


What fools these mortals be.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca


Seems like there were these two dogs in a vet's waiting room, each eyeing
the other suspiciously.  One of them turns to the other.
	"What are you here for?" he asks.
	"Well," replies the other, "I was feeling really bad the other day,
and Master's six year old son started bothering me. I tried to ignore it,
but I was feeling so rotten that I bit his hand."
	"Yeah, I now what you mean.  So, what are you here for?"
	"Erm ... well ... Master reckons that I'm too vicious, so I'm going
to be ... you know ... I'm going to have the *operation*."
	"Oh.  Well, I'm sorry," sympathized the first dog.
	Time passed. The about-to-be-neutered dog coughed politely.
	"So," he asked, "What are you in here for?"
	"Oh, nothing really," the other replied, embarrassed.
	"Go on, I told you, it *can't* be as bad!"
	"OK.  Well, it's like this.  The bitch next door was in heat, and so
I was feeling, you know, a bit randy.  Then Mistress came into the kitchen
wearing a short skirt and no underwear, and she bent over.  I just couldn't
resist it!" admitted the dog.
	"Oh!  So you're here for the operation too!"
	"No," came the reply, "I'm here to have my nails clipped!"


The other day I put instant coffee in my microwave oven ... I almost
went back in time.
		-- Steven Wright


I can't quite put my finger on it, but something about you pisses me off.
		-- Peter Knight


The husband was disturbed by his wife's indifferent attitude towards him
and the marriage counselor suggested he try being more aggressive in his
lovemaking.
	"Act more like a romantic lover and less like a bored spouse," he
was advised.  "When you go home, make love to her as soon as you meet --
even if it's right inside the front door."
	At the next consultation, the adviser was pleased to hear that the
husband had followed his instructions.  "And how did she react this time?"
the consultant asked.
	"Well, to tell you the truth," the husband replied, "she was still
sort of indifferent.  But one thing I've got to admit: her bridge club went
absolutely wild!"


A beer delayed is a beer denied.


Said Francesca, "My lack of volition
Is leading me straight to perdition;
	But I haven't the strength
	To go to the length
Of making an act of contrition."
		-- Edward Gorey


The three faithful things in life are money, a dog and an old woman.


Chicago has journalists' bars, ethnic bars, neighborhood bars, even midget
bars, hundreds, maybe thousands of bars, on every neighborhood block.
I was drinking on afternoon in O'Rourke's, a bar on the Near North side.
It was dark and empty, which suited my mood.  A fat, stubble-bearded,
middle-aged man waddled in, took the stool next to mine, and ordered a
beer.  He was completely unremarkable, except that he was dressed, head
to toe, in a white-lace wedding gown.  After a silence, I said, "Been to
a wedding?"
	He brushed back his veil, rustled his petticoats and said, "Uh...
yeah."
	He silently finished his drink and left.  The bartender said, "You
know, even the transvestites in this town have five o'clock shadows."


Drinking when we are not thirsty and making love at all seasons, madam:
that is all there is to distinguish us from the other animals.
		-- Pierre de Beaumarchais, "Le Marriage de Figaro"


