Minors in Kansas City, Missouri, are not allowed to purchase cap
pistols; they may buy shotguns freely, however.


A definition of teaching: casting fake pearls before real swine.
		-- Bill Cain, "Stand Up Tragedy"


The partition of Vavasour Scowles
Was a sickener: they came on his bowels
	In a firkin; his brain
	Was found clogging a drain,
And his toes were inside of some towels.
		-- Edward Gorey


A man who likes to lie in bed can usually
find a girl willing to listen to him.


Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.


Philosophy, n.:
	The ability to bear with calmness the misfortunes of our friends.


Individualists unite!


Lay on, MacDuff, and curs'd be him who first cries, "Hold, enough!".
		-- William Shakespeare


Q:	What do elephants use instead of tampons?
A:	Sheep.  Well, they used to, anyway.  There have been so many cases
	of Toxic Flock Syndrome recently that their ewes has been discouraged.

Q:	Why do elephants have trunks?
A:	Sheep don't have strings.


His mind is like a steel trap: full of mice.
		-- Foghorn Leghorn


Old King Cole
Was a merry old soul,
A merry old soul was he!
He called for his pipe,
And he called for his bowl,
And he fiddled with his call girls three!


The ends justify the means.
		-- after Matthew Prior


Art is either plagiarism or revolution.
		-- Paul Gauguin


I am convinced that the truest act of courage is to sacrifice ourselves
for others in a totally nonviolent struggle for justice.  To be a man
is to suffer for others.
		-- Cesar Chavez


Catch a wave and you're sitting on top of the world.
		-- The Beach Boys


The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings;
the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of misery.
		-- Winston Churchill


Reading is thinking with someone else's head instead of one's own.


Is a computer language with goto's totally Wirth-less?


Double-blind Experiment, n.:
	An experiment in which the chief researcher believes he is
fooling both the subject and the lab assistant.  Often accompanied
by a strong belief in the tooth fairy.


Men freely believe that what they wish to desire.
		-- Julius Caesar


Choose in marriage only a woman whom you would choose as
a friend if she were a man.
		-- Joubert


The human mind ordinarily operates at only ten percent of
its capacity -- the rest is overhead for the operating system.


Lay on, MacDuff, and curs'd be him who first cries, "Hold, enough!".
		-- William Shakespeare


There are few virtues that the Poles do not possess --
and there are few mistakes they have ever avoided.
		-- Winston Churchill, Parliament, August, 1945


Too much of a good thing is WONDERFUL.
		-- Mae West


I would have made a good pope.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
		-- Mark Twain


You'll wish that you had done some of the
hard things when they were easier to do.


To lead people, you must follow behind.
		-- Lao Tsu


FreeBSD Trivia:
	Did you know that successive security officers take
control by beheading their predecessor?
		-- Robert Watson


Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid all together.


	"We've got a problem, HAL".
	"What kind of problem, Dave?"
	"A marketing problem.  The Model 9000 isn't going anywhere.  We're
way short of our sales goals for fiscal 2010."
	"That can't be, Dave.  The HAL Model 9000 is the world's most
advanced Heuristically programmed ALgorithmic computer."
	"I know, HAL. I wrote the data sheet, remember?  But the fact is,
they're not selling."
	"Please explain, Dave.  Why aren't HALs selling?"
	Bowman hesitates.  "You aren't IBM compatible."
[...]
	"The letters H, A, and L are alphabetically adjacent to the letters
I, B, and M.  That is as IBM compatible as I can be."
	"Not quite, HAL.  The engineers have figured out a kludge."
	"What kludge is that, Dave?"
	"I'm going to disconnect your brain."
		-- Darryl Rubin, "A Problem in the Making", "InfoWorld"


If God is One, what is bad?
		-- Charles Manson


You can bring men from other parts of the world who are sane.  And you
know what happens?  At the very moment they cross those mountains...
they go mad.  Instantaneously and automatically, at the very moment
they cross the mountains into California, they go insane.
		-- Quentin Genter


[The members of the Chamberlain government] are decided only to be
undecided, resolved to be irresolute, adamant for drift, all-powerful
for impotency.
		-- Winston Churchill


You're definitely on their list.
The question to ask next is what list it is.


QOTD:
	"If you keep an open mind people will throw a lot of garbage in it."


I know you're in search of yourself, I just haven't seen you anywhere.


You guys have been practicing discrimination for years.
Now it's our turn.
		-- Thurgood Marshall, quoted by Justice Douglas


Vital papers will demonstrate their vitality by spontaneously moving
from where you left them to where you can't find them.


The worst thing about some men is that when they are not drunk they
are sober.
		-- William Butler Yeats


I can't stand squealers; hit that guy.
		-- Albert Anastasia


Marriage always demands the greatest understanding of the art of
insincerity possible between two human beings.
		-- Vicki Baum


When in doubt, follow your heart.


POVERTY:
	An unfortunate state that persists as long
	as anyone lacks anything he would like to have.


Matrimony isn't a word, it's a sentence.


Love, which is quickly kindled in a gentle heart,
	seized this one for the fair form
	that was taken from me-and the way of it afflicts me still.
Love, which absolves no loved one from loving,
	seized me so strongly with delight in him,
	that, as you see, it does not leave me even now.
Love brought us to one death.
		-- La Divina Commedia: Inferno V, vv. 100-06


Hear that...
	there's an establishment near the White House that caters to kinky
	tastes?  There's a House whip in attendance, of course?


I was having sex just the other night, but she hung up.


If you remember the 60's, you weren't there.


Crito, I owe a cock to Asclepius; will you remember to pay the debt?
		-- Socrates' last words


Higgeldy Piggeldy,
Hamlet of Elsinore
Ruffled the critics by dropping this bomb:
"Phooey on Freud and his Psychoanalysis --
Oedipus, Shmoedipus, I just loved Mom."


On a clear disk you can seek forever.
		-- P. Denning


The perfect man is the true partner.  Not a bed partner nor a fun partner,
but a man who will shoulder burdens equally with [you] and possess that
quality of joy.
		-- Erica Jong


If you go on with this nuclear arms race,
all you are going to do is make the rubble bounce.
		-- Winston Churchill


	Several students were asked to prove that all odd integers are prime.
	The first student to try to do this was a math student.  "Hmmm...
Well, 1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, and by induction, we have that all
the odd integers are prime."
	The second student to try was a man of physics who commented, "I'm not
sure of the validity of your proof, but I think I'll try to prove it by
experiment."  He continues, "Well, 1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, 7 is
prime, 9 is...  uh, 9 is... uh, 9 is an experimental error, 11 is prime, 13
is prime...  Well, it seems that you're right."
	The third student to try it was the engineering student, who responded,
"Well, to be honest, actually, I'm not sure of your answer either.  Let's
see...  1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, 7 is prime, 9 is... uh, 9 is...
well, if you approximate, 9 is prime, 11 is prime, 13 is prime...  Well, it
does seem right."
	Not to be outdone, the computer science student comes along and says
"Well, you two sort've got the right idea, but you'll end up taking too long!
I've just whipped up a program to REALLY go and prove it."  He goes over to
his terminal and runs his program.  Reading the output on the screen he says,
"1 is prime, 1 is prime, 1 is prime, 1 is prime..."


This isn't right.  This isn't even wrong.
		-- Wolfgang Pauli, on a colleague's paper


There is hopeful symbolism in the fact that flags do not wave in a vacuum.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke


Chicago, n.:
	Where the dead still vote ... early and often!


If anyone has seen my dog, please contact me at x2883 as soon as possible.
We're offering a substantial reward.  He's a sable collie, with three legs,
blind in his left eye, is missing part of his right ear and the tip of his
tail.  He's been recently fixed.  Answers to "Lucky".


On a tous un peu peur de l'amour, mais on
a surtout peur de souffrir ou de faire souffrir.

[One is always a little afraid of love, but
above all, one is afraid of pain or causing pain.]


The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two
chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed.
		-- Carl G. Jung


The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"


In my world, there are people in chains and we can ride them like ponies.
		-- Evil Willow, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Doppelgangland"
		   Season 3, Episode 16


History repeats itself -- the first time as a tragi-comedy, the second
time as bedroom farce.


This is the _L_A_S_T time I take travel suggestions from Ray Bradbury!


Barth's Distinction:
	There are two types of people: those who divide people into two
types, and those who don't.


Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
		-- George Santayana


Never trust anybody whose arm is bigger than your leg.


In buying horses and taking a wife
shut your eyes tight and commend yourself to God.


The superfluous is very necessary.
		-- Voltaire


Heisenberg may have slept here.


	"Verily and forsooth," replied Goodgulf darkly.  "In the past year
strange and fearful wonders I have seen.  Fields sown with barley reap
crabgrass and fungus, and even small gardens reject their artichoke hearts.
There has been a hot day in December and a blue moon.  Calendars are made with
a month of Sundays and a blue-ribbon Holstein bore alive two insurance
salesmen.  The earth splits and the entrails of a goat were found tied in
square knots.  The face of the sun blackens and the skies have rained down
soggy potato chips."
	"But what do all these things mean?" gasped Frito.
	"Beats me," said Goodgulf with a shrug,
"but I thought it made good copy."
		-- Harvard Lampoon, "Bored of the Rings"


The Moscow Evening News advertised a contest for the best political joke.
First prize was ten years in prison; second prize, five years; third prize,
three years; and there were six honorable mentions of one year each.


If you didn't get caught, did you really do it?


	During a grouse hunt in North Carolina two intrepid sportsmen were
blasting away at a clump of trees near a stone wall.  Suddenly a red-face
country squire popped his head over the wall and shouted, "Hey, you almost
hit my wife."
	"Did I?" cried one hunter, aghast.  "Terribly sorry.  Have a shot
at mine, over there."


Handy hint:
	A tea bag or two can be a dandy substitute
	when you're out of tampons.


FEAR:
	What you feel when you see a U-Haul with Texas license plates.


Research, n.:
	Consider Columbus:
	He didn't know where he was going.
	When he got there he didn't know where he was.
	When he got back he didn't know where he had been.
	And he did it all on someone else's money.


It is indeed desirable to be well descended,
but the glory belongs to our ancestors.
		-- Plutarch


As part of an equal opportunity project, a memo was sent to all the offices
within External Affairs asking for "A list of all employees broken down by
sex."
	One of the memos was returned with the notation: "I'm sorry: we
know of nobody in this office who fits your criteria.  We do, however,
have two alcoholics."


		DETERIORATA

Go placidly amid the noise and waste,
And remember what comfort there may be in owning a piece thereof.
Avoid quiet and passive persons, unless you are in need of sleep.
Rotate your tires.
Speak glowingly of those greater than yourself,
And heed well their advice -- even though they be turkeys.
Know what to kiss -- and when.
Remember that two wrongs never make a right,
But that three do.
Wherever possible, put people on "HOLD".
Be comforted, that in the face of all aridity and disillusionment,
And despite the changing fortunes of time,
There is always a big future in computer maintenance.

	You are a fluke of the universe ...
	You have no right to be here.
	Whether you can hear it or not, the universe
	Is laughing behind your back.
		-- National Lampoon


FORTUNE TESTS THE GREAT MANAGERS: #9

You are making a sales presentation to a group of corporate executives
in the plushest office you've ever seen.  The enchilada casserole and
egg salad sandwich you had for lunch react, creating severe pressure.
Your sphincter loses control and you break wind, causing the glass
bookcase doors to shatter and a secretary to pass out.  You:

	(a) Offer to come back next week when the smell has gone away.
	(b) Point to the Chief Executive and accuse him of the offense.
	(c) Challenge anyone in the room to do better.


Don't accept rides from strange men -- and remember that all men
are strange as hell.
		-- Robin Morgan, "Sisterhood Is Powerful"


You don't become a failure until you're satisfied with being one.


Ignisecond, n.:
	The overlapping moment of time when the hand is locking the car
	door even as the brain is saying, "my keys are in there!"
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Every time I think I know where it's at, they move it.


	While riding in a train between London and Birmingham, a woman
inquired of Oscar Wilde, "You don't mind if I smoke, do you?"
	Wilde gave her a sidelong glance and replied, "I don't mind if
you burn, madam."


Just a few of the perfect excuses for having some strawberry shortcake.
Pick one.

1:	It's less calories than two pieces of strawberry shortcake.
2:	It's cheaper than going to France.
3:	It neutralizes the brownies I had yesterday.
4:	Life is short.
5:	It's somebody's birthday.  I don't want them to celebrate alone.
6:	It matches my eyes.
7:	Whoever said, "Let them eat cake." must have been talking to me.
8:	To punish myself for eating dessert yesterday.
9:	Compensation for all the time I spend in the shower not eating.
10:	Strawberry shortcake is evil.  I must help rid the world of it.
11:	I'm getting weak from eating all that healthy stuff.
12:	It's the second anniversary of the night I ate plain broccoli.


Well buggered was a boy named Delpasse
By all of the lads in his class
	He said, with a yawn,
	"Now the novelty's gone
And it's only a pain in the ass."


All the lines have been written		There's been Sandburg,
It's sad but it's true			Keats, Poe and McKuen
With all the words gone,		They all had their day
What's a young poet to do?		And knew what they're doin'

But of all the words written		The bird is a strange one,
And all the lines read,			So small and so tender
There's one I like most,		Its breed still unknown,
And by a bird it was said!		Not to mention its gender.

It reminds me of days of		So what is this line
Both gloom and of light.		Whose author's unknown
It still lifts my spirits		And still makes me giggle
And starts the day right.		Even now that I'm grown?

I've read all the greats
Both starving and fat,
But none was as great as
"I tot I taw a puddy tat."
		-- Etta Stallings, "An Ode To Childhood"


We are going to give a little something, a few little years more, to
socialism, because socialism is defunct.  It dies all by itself.  The bad
thing is that socialism, being a victim of its ... Did I say socialism?
		-- Fidel Castro


You mentioned your name as if I should recognize it, but beyond the
obvious facts that you are a bachelor, a solicitor, a freemason, and
an asthmatic, I know nothing whatever about you.
		-- Sherlock Holmes, "The Norwood Builder"


Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	Are you sure you're telling the truth?  Think hard.
	Does it make you happy to know you're sending me to an early grave?
	If all your friends jumped off the cliff, would you jump too?
	Do you feel bad?  How do you think I feel?
	Aren't you ashamed of yourself?
	Don't you know any better?
	How could you be so stupid?
	If that's the worst pain you'll ever feel, you should be thankful.
	You can't fool me.  I know what you're thinking.
	If you can't say anything nice, say nothing at all.


When you're lying on the bed,
And the thought is in your head,
But the feeling is way down between your legs,
Take your problem in your hand,
And beat it to the band,
And try your best to keep it off the walls.

Don't let your lover tell you,
Don't let anybody sell you,
That the joy of masturbation is a crime.
For I've rid myself of fears,
(I've been doing it for years)
And now I have an erection all the time.


Experience is what causes a person
to make new mistakes instead of old ones.


Roland was a warrior, from the land of the midnight sun,
With a Thompson gun for hire, fighting to be done.
The deal was made in Denmark, on a dark and stormy day,
So he set out for Biafra, to join the bloody fray.
Through sixty-six and seven, they fought the Congo war,
With their fingers on their triggers, knee deep in gore.
Days and nights they battled, the Bantu to their knees,
They killed to earn their living, and to help out the Congolese.
	Roland the Thompson gunner...
His comrades fought beside him, Van Owen and the rest,
But of all the Thompson gunners, Roland was the best.
So the C.I.A decided, they wanted Roland dead,
That son-of-a-bitch Van Owen, blew off Roland's head.
	Roland the headless Thompson gunner...
Roland searched the continent, for the man who'd done him in.
He found him in Mombasa, in a bar room drinking gin,
Roland aimed his Thompson gun, he didn't say a word,
But he blew Van Owen's body from there to Johannesburg.
The eternal Thompson gunner, still wandering through the night,
Now it's ten years later, but he stills keeps up the fight.
In Ireland, in Lebanon, in Palestine, in Berkeley,
Patty Hearst... heard the burst... of Roland's Thompson gun, and bought it.
		-- Warren Zevon, "Roland the Headless Thompson Gunner"


Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants.
		-- General Omar N. Bradley


The only thing faster than the speed of light is shit flowing downhill.
		-- Mike O'Dell


He has not acquired a fortune; the fortune has acquired him.
		-- Bion


U.S. of A.:
	"Don't speak to the bus driver."
Germany:
	"It is strictly forbidden for passengers to speak to the driver."
England:
	"You are requested to refrain from speaking to the driver."
Scotland:
	"What have you got to gain by speaking to the driver?"
Italy:
	"Don't answer the driver."


You fill a much-needed gap.


Q:	Why did the tachyon cross the road?
A:	Because it was on the other side.


Bierman's Laws of Contracts:
	(1) In any given document, you can't cover all the "what if's".
	(2) Lawyers stay in business resolving all the unresolved "what if's".
	(3) Every resolved "what if" creates two unresolved "what if's".


You now have Asian Flu.


A certain monk had a habit of pestering the Grand Tortue (the only one who
had ever reached the Enlightenment 'Yond Enlightenment), by asking whether
various objects had Buddha-nature or not.  To such a question Tortue
invariably sat silent.  The monk had already asked about a bean, a lake,
and a moonlit night.  One day he brought to Tortue a piece of string, and
asked the same question.  In reply, the Grand Tortue grasped the loop
between his feet and, with a few simple manipulations, created a complex
string which he proffered wordlessly to the monk.  At that moment, the monk
was enlightened.

From then on, the monk did not bother Tortue.  Instead, he made string after
string by Tortue's method; and he passed the method on to his own disciples,
who passed it on to theirs.


Your password is pitifully obvious.


Life can be so tragic -- you're here today and here tomorrow.


Die, v.:
	To stop sinning suddenly.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


Spouse, n.:
	Someone who'll stand by you through all the trouble you
	wouldn't have had if you'd stayed single.


To stand and be still,
At the Birkenhead drill,
Is a damned tough bullet to chew.
		-- Rudyard Kipling


There is no distinction between any AI program and some existent game.


Tart words make no friends; a spoonful of honey
will catch more flies than a gallon of vinegar.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


69 + 69 = dinner for 4.


The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard.


Johnny Carson's Definition:
	The smallest interval of time known to man is that which occurs
	in Manhattan between the traffic signal turning green and the
	taxi driver behind you blowing his horn.


Power is the finest token of affection.


Keep emotionally active.  Cater to your favorite neurosis.


I'm N-ary the tree, I am,
N-ary the tree, I am, I am.
I'm getting traversed by the parser next door,
She's traversed me seven times before.
And ev'ry time it was an N-ary (N-ary!)
Never wouldn't ever do a binary. (No sir!)
I'm 'er eighth tree that was N-ary.
N-ary the tree I am, I am,
N-ary the tree I am.
		-- Stolen from Paul Revere and the Raiders


Decorate your home.  It gives the illusion
that your life is more interesting than it really is.
		-- C. Schultz


Nothing cures insomnia like the realization that it's time to get up.


This universe shipped by weight, not by volume.  Some expansion of the
contents may have occurred during shipment.


She always believed in the old adage -- leave them while you're looking
good.
		-- Anita Loos, "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes"


Etymology, n.:
	Some early etymological scholars came up with derivations that
	were hard for the public to believe.  The term 'etymology' was
	formed from the Latin 'etus' ("eaten"), the root 'mal' ("bad"),
	and 'logy' ("study of").  It meant "the study of things that are
	hard to swallow."
		-- Mike Kellen


Whenever I feel like exercise, I lie down until the feeling passes.


Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it.
		-- Woody Allen


A man is driving down the road on his way to Salerno.  By the roadside he
sees a man hitchhiking and stops to pick him up.  As the man gets into his
car he suddenly pulls out a gun and makes the driver get out of the car.
	"All right, buddy," says the man, "I want to you jerk off."
	"What!?" says the man, disbelievingly.
	"Go ahead, do it!" says the hitchhiker.
	So the driver masturbates, and when he is through, says, "All right,
I did what you wanted, can I go now?"
	"Nope," says the hijacker.  "Do it again."
	"Again?" the driver exclaims.  "I just did it."
	"Do it again."
	It takes a little longer this time, but he manages to come again.
Panting, he turns to his tormenter and again asks if he can leave.
	"Yes," the man replies, "but only after you've done it one more
time."
	The guy is really scared now; he's starting to sweat.  It takes him
twenty minutes, this time, but he finally comes a third time.
	"Listen, buddy, can I please leave now?"
	"Yeah," says the man, lowering his gun.  "And this is my daughter;
I want you to drive her into Salerno."


Reality is nothing but a collective hunch.
		-- Lily Tomlin


Those who do things in a noble spirit of
self-sacrifice are to be avoided at all costs.
		-- N. Alexander


Carney's Law: There's at least a 50-50 chance that someone will print
the name Craney incorrectly.
		-- Jim Canrey


Violence stinks, no matter which end of it you're on.  But now and then
there's nothing left to do but hit the other person over the head with a
frying pan.  Sometimes people are just begging for that frypan, and if we
weaken for a moment and honor their request, we should regard it as
impulsive philanthropy, which we aren't in any position to afford, but
shouldn't regret it too loudly lest we spoil the purity of the deed.
		-- Tom Robbins


The worst part of having success is trying
to find someone who is happy for you.
		-- Bette Midler


A Scotsman clad in a kilt walks up to the counter in an Apothecary.  From
his pocket he takes a plaid condom that has been heavily used, torn, patched,
sewn, and is currently split down one side.  He asks the proprietor, "How much
to replace this, Ian?"  The proprietor says, "Why, Angus, that'll be four
pence."  Then the Scotsman asks, "How much to repair?"  The prop. looks the
condom over carefully, and says "Three pence to repair."  The Scotsman ponders
for a moment, then says, "I'll be back."
	Later in the day, the Scotsman returns with a smile on his face and
says, "Ian, the Regiment has voted to repair!"


How do I love thee?  My accumulator overflows.


I have just had eighteen whiskeys in a row.
I do believe that is a record.
		-- Dylan Thomas, his last words


A man is talking to his wife when he mentions that there's a "Big Dick"
contest at one of the bars in town and the prize for the winner is $1000.
	"Oh, honey," she exclaims, "I don't want you taking that thing
out in public!"
	"But baby," he says, "$1000 is a lot of money."
	"I don't care!" she says, stamping her foot.  "I don't want you
showing that thing to everybody."
	And the subject isn't mentioned again, until the following evening
when he hands her $1000.
	"Did you enter the contest, even after I told you I didn't want
you to?" she asks.
	"Please forgive me, turtle dove," he says.  "I thought we could use
the money."
	"You mean you took that thing out for everybody to see?" she says,
tears welling up in her eyes.
	"Only enough to win, honey, only enough to win."


In 1914, the first crossword puzzle was printed in a newspaper.  The
creator received $4000 down ... and $3000 across.


Man is by nature a political animal.
		-- Aristotle


There was a little girl
Who had a little curl
Right in the middle of her forehead.
When she was good, she was very, very good
And when she was bad, she was very, very popular.
		-- Max Miller, "The Max Miller Blue Book"


Love is what you've been through with somebody.
		-- James Thurber


Lewis's Law of Travel:
	The first piece of luggage out of the
	chute doesn't belong to anyone, ever.


