How can you prove whether at this moment we are sleeping, and all our
thoughts are a dream; or whether we are awake, and talking to one another
in the waking state?
		-- Plato


You can move the world with an idea,
but you have to think of it first.


The bland leadeth the bland and they both shall fall into the kitsch.


Q:	How can you tell the bride at a WASP wedding?
A:	She's the one kissing the golden retriever.


Remember that there is an outside world to see and enjoy.
		-- Hans Liepmann


Two rights don't make a wrong, they make an airplane.


I saw what you did and I know who you are.


Moon, n.:
	1. A celestial object whose phase is very important to
hackers.  See PHASE OF THE MOON.  2. Dave Moon (MOON@MC).


Large cats can be dangerous, but a little pussy never hurt anyone.


Fast ship?  You mean you've never heard of the Millennium Falcon?
		-- Han Solo


Toni's Solution to a Guilt-Free Life:
	If you have to lie to someone, it's their fault.


Entropy requires no maintenance.
		-- Markoff Chaney


Don't you feel more like you do now than you did when you came in?


To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first
and, whatever you hit, call it the target.


Les salons de la ville de Trieste
Sont vaseux, suraigus, at funestes;
	Parmi les grandes chaises
	On cause des malaises,
Des estropiements, et des pestes.
		-- Edward Gorey


Let me take you a button-hole lower.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"


Q:	What do WASPs do instead of making love?
A:	Rule the country.


Mathematics is the only science where one never knows what
one is talking about nor whether what is said is true.
		-- Russell


If you want divine justice, die.
		-- Nick Seldon


Wasting time is an important part of living.


Q:	How many Democrats does it take to enjoy a good joke?
A:	One more than you can find.


As Rev. Spooner would say, you are a shining wit.


Like ya know?  Rock 'N Roll is an esoteric language that unlocks the
creativity chambers in people's brains, and like totally activates their
essential hipness, which of course is like totally necessary for saving
the earth, like because the first thing in saving this world, is getting
rid of stupid and square attitudes and having fun.
		-- Senior Year Quote


We was playin' the Homestead Grays in the city of Pitchburgh.  Josh
[Gibson] comes up in the last of the ninth with a man on and us a run
behind.  Well, he hit one.  The Grays waited around and waited around,
but finally the empire rules it ain't comin' down.  So we win.  The
next day, we was disputin' the Grays in Philadelphia when here come
a ball outta the sky right in the glove of the Grays' center fielder.
The empire made the only possible call.  "You're out, boy!" he says
to Josh.  "Yesterday, in Pitchburgh."
		-- Satchel Paige


I was in Vegas last week. I was at the roulette table, having a
lengthy argument about what I considered an Odd number.
		-- Steven Wright


The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want,
drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.
		-- Mark Twain


Male, n.:
	Life support system for a cock.


Ladies, here's a hint: If you're playing against a friend who has big
boobs, bring her to the net and make her hit backhand volleys.  That's
the hardest shot for the well endowed.  "I've got to hit over them or
under them, but I can't hit through," Annie Jones used to always moan
to me.  Not having much in my bra, I found it hard to sympathize with
her.
		-- Billie Jean King


The connection between the language in which we think/program and the problems
and solutions we can imagine is very close.  For this reason restricting
language features with the intent of eliminating programmer errors is at best
dangerous.
		-- Bjarne Stroustrup


The average woman must inevitably view her actual husband with a certain
disdain; he is anything but her ideal.  In consequence, she cannot help
feeling that her children are cruelly handicapped by the fact that he is
their father.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Distinctive, adj.:
	A different color or shape than our competitors.


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

Compiler optimizations have been made to macro expand LET into a WITHOUT-
INTERRUPTS special form so that it can PUSH things into a stack in the
LET-OPTIMIZATION area, SETQ the variables and then POP them back when it's
done.  Don't worry about this unless you use multiprocessing.
Note that LET *could* have been defined by:

	(LET ((LET '`(LET ((LET ',LET))
			,LET)))
	`(LET ((LET ',LET))
		,LET))

This is believed to speed up execution by as much as a factor of 1.01 or
3.50 depending on whether you believe our friendly marketing representatives.
This code was written by a new programmer here (we snatched him away from
Itty Bitti Machines where we was writing COUGHBOL code) so to give him
confidence we trusted his vows of "it works pretty well" and installed it.


Chairman of the Bored.


Il y avait une madame de Lahore
Dont la figure n'etait la meilleure,
	Mais la vagine tres forte,
	Toujours ouverte la porte,
Encore, et encore, et encore.


Birds are entangled by their feet and men by their tongues.


Once upon a time there was a farmer who owned a large number of chickens and
made money by selling chickens to a local distributing company.  The farmer
wanted to increase his business, and so went to market to buy another rooster.
"This rooster," assured the vendor, "is my best.  He's virile and energetic
and will take care of all your chickens!"  The farmer, delighted at this,
bought the rooster and returned to his farm.  He set the rooster loose among
his hen houses and, sure enough, the rooster enthusiastically went to work.
It wasn't too long, however, before the rooster finished off all the hens and
began on the few geese and ducks that were on the farm.  "If you keep up this
rate," warned the farmer, "you'll screw yourself to death!"  The rooster,
however, scoffed at the farmer and continued at an increased speed.  The next
morning, the farmer was doing his chores when he noticed several buzzards in
the sky circling over something.  He headed out behind the barn, and sure
enough there was the rooster, flat on his back, with eyes closed.  The farmer
shook his fist at the motionless body and cursed, shouting "I knew it!  I told
you so!  I knew you'd screw yourself to death!"  The rooster turned his head
toward the farmer, opened one eye, and winked.  "Shhh!" he said, pointing to
the birds above.  "I think they're coming down."


I put the shotgun in an Adidas bag and padded it out with four pairs of
tennis socks, not my style at all, but that was what I was aiming for:  If
they think you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical, go
crude.  I'm a very technical boy.  So I decided to get as crude as possible.
These days, though, you have to be pretty technical before you can even
aspire to crudeness.
		-- William Gibson, "Johnny Mnemonic"


I've never been hurt by anything I didn't say.
		-- Calvin Coolidge


I can read your mind, and you should be ashamed of yourself.


Straw?  No, too stupid a fad.  I put soot on warts.


Chicago Transit Authority Rider's Rule #36:
	Never ever ask the tough looking gentleman wearing El Rukn
	headgear where he got his "pyramid powered pizza warmer".
		-- Chicago Reader 3/27/81


Children are natural mimics who act like their parents
despite every effort to teach them good manners.


Osborn's Law:
	Variables won't; constants aren't.


I woke up this morning and discovered that everything in my apartment
had been stolen and replaced with an exact replica.  I told my roommate,
"Isn't this amazing?  Everything in the apartment has been stolen and
replaced with an exact replica."  He said, "Do I know you?"
		-- Steven Wright


Roses are red;
	Violets are blue.
I'm schizophrenic,
	And so am I.


Hating the Yankees is as American as pizza pie,
unwed mothers and cheating on your income tax.
		-- Mike Royko


Attractive bisexual young woman seeks same for high mellow times.


LSD melts in your mind, not in your hand.


The moss on the tree does not fear the talons of the hawk.


Three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


	"A penny for your thoughts?"
	"A dollar for your death."
		-- The Odd Couple


World War Three can be averted by adherence to a strictly enforced
dress code!


Let us go then you and I
while the night is laid out against the sky
like a smear of mustard on an old pork pie.

Nice poem Tom.  I have ideas for changes though, why not come over?
		-- Ezra


It shall be unlawful for any suspicious person to be within the
municipality.
		-- Local ordinance, Euclid Ohio


If clear thinking created sparks, we could safely store dynamite in
James Watt's office.
		-- Wayne Shannon, KRON-TV


We all live in a state of ambitious poverty.
		-- Decimus Junius Juvenalis


Confession is good for the soul only in the sense
that a tweed coat is good for dandruff.
		-- Peter de Vries


I have had my television aerials removed.  It's the moral equivalent
of a prostate operation.
		-- Malcolm Muggeridge


Have you locked your file cabinet?


Rainy days and automatic weapons always get me down.


	To lose weight, eat less; to gain weight, eat more; if you merely
wish to maintain, do whatever you were doing.
	The Bronx diet is a legitimate system of food therapy showing that
food SHOULD be used a crutch and which food could be the most effective in
promoting spiritual and emotional satisfaction.  For the first time, an
eater could instantly grasp the connection between relieving depression and
Mallomars, and understand why a lover's quarrel isn't so bad if there's a
pint of ice cream nearby.
		-- Richard Smith, "The Bronx Diet"


Q:	What do you call a blind, deaf-mute, quadriplegic Virginian?
A:	Trustworthy.


... it is easy to be blinded to the essential uselessness of them by the
sense of achievement you get from getting them to work at all.  In other
words... their fundamental design flaws are completely hidden by their
superficial design flaws.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
		   on the products of the Sirius Cybernetics Corporation


I appreciate the fact that this draft was done in haste, but some of the
sentences that you are sending out in the world to do your work for you are
loitering in taverns or asleep beside the highway.
		-- Dr. Dwight Van de Vate, Professor of Philosophy,
		   University of Tennessee at Knoxville


If God had wanted us to use the metric system, Jesus would have had 10
apostles.


Beware of the Turing Tar-pit in which everything
is possible but nothing of interest is easy.


I don't wanna argue, and I don't wanna fight,
But there will definitely be a party tonight...


And so, men, we can see that human skin is an even more complex and
fascinating organ than we thought it was, and if we want to keep it
looking good, we have to care for it as though it were our own.  One
approach is to undergo a painful surgical procedure wherein your skin
is turned inside-out, so the young cells are on the outside, but then
of course you have the unpleasant side effect that your insides
gradually fill up with dead old cells and you explode.  So this
procedure is pretty much limited to top Hollywood stars for whom
youthful beauty is a career necessity, such as Elizabeth Taylor and
Orson Welles.
		-- Dave Barry, "Saving Face"


Good advice is one of those insults that ought to be forgiven.


FORTRAN is a good example of a language
which is easier to parse using ad hoc techniques.
		-- D. Gries
		   [What's good about it?  Ed.]


It is exactly because a man cannot do a
thing that he is a proper judge of it.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Sometimes a man who deserves to be looked down upon because he is a
fool is despised only because he is a lawyer.
		-- Montesquieu


What we see depends on mainly what we look for.
		-- John Lubbock


	He had been bitten by a dog, but didn't give it much thought
until he noticed that the wound was taking a remarkably long time to
heal.  Finally, he consulted a doctor who took one look at it and
ordered the dog brought in.  Just as he had suspected, the dog had
rabies.  Since it was too late to give the patient serum, the doctor
felt he had to prepare him for the worst.  The poor man sat down at the
doctor's desk and began to write.  His physician tried to comfort him.
"Perhaps it won't be so bad," he said. "You needn't make out your will
right now."
	"I'm not making out any will," relied the man.  "I'm just writing
out a list of people I'm going to bite!"


And they shall beat their swords into plowshares, for if you hit a man
with a plowshare, he's going to know he's been hit.


Stay away from flying saucers today.


People who think they know everything
greatly annoy those of us who do.


It was Penguin lust... at its ugliest.


The President publicly apologized today to all those offended by his
brother's remark, "There's more Arabs in this country than there is
Jews!".  Those offended include Arabs, Jews, and English teachers.
		-- Baltimore, Channel 11 News, on Jimmy Carter


If the colleges were better, if they really had it, you would need to get
the police at the gates to keep order in the inrushing multitude.  See in
college how we thwart the natural love of learning by leaving the natural
method of teaching what each wishes to learn, and insisting that you shall
learn what you have no taste or capacity for.  The college, which should
be a place of delightful labor, is made odious and unhealthy, and the
young men are tempted to frivolous amusements to rally their jaded spirits.
I would have the studies elective.  Scholarship is to be created not
by compulsion, but by awakening a pure interest in knowledge.  The wise
instructor accomplishes this by opening to his pupils precisely the
attractions the study has for himself.  The marking is a system for schools,
not for the college; for boys, not for men; and it is an ungracious work to
put on a professor.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


	"The Good Ship Enterprise" (to the tune of "The Good Ship Lollipop")

On the good ship Enterprise
Every week there's a new surprise
Where the Romulans lurk
And the Klingons often go berserk.

Yes, the good ship Enterprise
There's excitement anywhere it flies
Where Tribbles play
And Nurse Chapel never gets her way.

	See Captain Kirk standing on the bridge,
	Mr. Spock is at his side.
	The weekly menace, ooh-ooh
	It gets fried, scattered far and wide.

It's the good ship Enterprise
Heading out where danger lies
And you live in dread
If you're wearing a shirt that's red.
		-- Doris Robin and Karen Trimble of The L.A. Filkharmonics


The Bible says that woman was the last thing God made.
Evidently He made her on Saturday night.  She reveals his fatigue.
		-- Dumas


More are taken in by hope than by cunning.
		-- Vauvenargues


The one L lama, he's a priest
The two L llama, he's a beast
And I will bet my silk pyjama
There isn't any three L lllama.
		-- Ogden Nash, to which a fire chief replied that occasionally
		his department responded to something like a "three L lllama."


"The feminist agenda," Pat Robertson observed in a recent letter to his
supporters, "is not about equal rights for women. It is about a socialist,
anti-family political movement that encourages women to leave their
husbands, kill their children, practice witchcraft, destroy capitalism
and become lesbians."


Peter's hungry, time to eat lunch.


Piping down the valleys wild,
Piping songs of pleasant glee,
On a cloud I saw a child,
And he laughing said to me:
"Pipe a song about a Lamb!"
So I piped with merry cheer.
"Piper, pipe that song again;"
So I piped: he wept to hear.
		-- William Blake, "Songs of Innocence"


Alliance, n.:
	In international politics, the union of two thieves who have
	their hands so deeply inserted in each other's pocket that they
	cannot separately plunder a third.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


What happens if a big asteroid hits Earth?  Judging from realistic simulations
involving a sledge hammer and a common laboratory frog, we can assume it will
be pretty bad.
		-- Dave Barry


Well, you got your mules and you got your racehorses, and you can kick
a mule in the ass all you want, and he's still not gonna be a racehorse.
		-- Billy Martin, "Esquire", May, 1984


A guy comes into a bar with a frog and sets it down next to the prettiest
girl there.
	"This is a very special frog," he informs her.  "His name is Charlie."
	"What's so special about this frog?" she asks.
He's reluctant to tell her, but when pressed, explains that,
	"This frog can eat pussy."
The girl slaps him, knocking him off his chair, and accuses him of telling her
a filthy lie.  But no, he assures her, it's completely true.  And after much
discussion, she agrees to come back to his apartment to see the frog in action.
She positions herself appropriately, the guy carefully takes out the frog, and
says, "Okay, Charlie, do your stuff!"  The frog is immobile, despite his
owner's exhortations, and the girl starts to snicker.
	"Okay, Charlie, do your stuff!"
	"C'mon Charlie, do your stuff!"
By now, the girl is laughing openly.
	"Okay, Charlie," says the guy, moving the frog out of the way, "I'm
only going to show you one more time."


Don't take life seriously, you'll never get out alive.


What do hookers do on their nights off, type?
		-- Elayn Boosler


Cops never say good-bye.  They're always hoping to see you again in the
line-up.
		-- Raymond Chandler


Claude believed that only smart attractive people had the right to
fuck, and it sincerely hurt him when he discovered evidence to the
contrary.
		-- Tom Robbins


It's faster horses,
Younger women,
Older whiskey and
More money.
		-- Tom T. Hall, "The Secret of Life"


You can't learn too soon that the most useful thing about a principle
is that it can always be sacrificed to expediency.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham, "The Circle"


To our sweethearts and wives.  May they never meet.
		-- 19th century toast


What makes us so bitter against people who outwit us
is that they think themselves cleverer than we are.


World War III is about to break out, but hidden somewhere in Switzerland,
a small group of international statesmen are trying to avert disaster.
The key members of this group are the representatives from Moscow, Bonn, and
Jerusalem, who, despite their personal enmity, manage to forge a peaceful
settlement, at the last moment.  As the treaty is signed, and the war
postponed, almost entirely through the efforts of those three men, an angel
appears. "The earth is saved through the efforts of these three men!
Therefore, I will grant each of them their heart's desire!"
	So, the angel asks the German for his wish, and the German, recalling
the nearness of their disaster, and perceiving the cause to have been the
Russians, immediately says "I wish there were no more Russians!"  And God
said, "It will be done."
	The angel asks the Russian for his wish, which, of course, is "*I*
wish there were no more Germans!"  Replies the angel, "It will be done."
	So the angel asks the Jew for his wish.  The Jew is in a state of
shock. "Will you really grant the German's wish?" he asks, and the angel
avers.  "And the Russian's, too?"  The angel avers yet again.  Then the Jew
thinks a moment, leans back and says, "In that case, I think I'd like a small
cup of coffee."


The best audience is intelligent, well-educated and a little drunk.
		-- Maurice Baring


The White Rabbit put on his spectacles.
	"Where shall I begin, please your Majesty?" he asked.
	"Begin at the beginning," the King said, very gravely,
"and go on till you come to the end: then stop."
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


The moon may be smaller than Earth, but it's further away.


My idea of roughing it is when room service is late.


Admiration, n.:
	Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Life is both difficult and time consuming.


Learn to pause -- or nothing worthwhile can catch up to you.


SCENARIO:
	An imagined sequence of events that provides the context in
	which a business decision is made.  Scenarios always come in
	sets of three: best case, worst case, and just in case.


The Golden Rule of Arts and Sciences:
	He who has the gold makes the rules.


If you're constantly being mistreated,
you're cooperating with the treatment.


Try to value useful qualities in one who loves you.


This fortune cookie program out of order.  For those in desperate
need, please use the program "randchar".  This program generates
random characters, and, given enough time, will undoubtedly come
up with something profound.  It will, however, take it no time at
all to be more profound than THIS program has ever been.


A liberal is a person whose interests aren't at stake at the moment.
		-- Willis Player


I may not be totally perfect, but parts of me are excellent.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


I do desire we may be better strangers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"


Penguin Trivia #46:
	Animals who are not penguins can only wish they were.
		-- Chicago Reader 10/15/82


Everything should be built top-down, except the first time.


I am of the belief that catnip arrived on the planet in the same spaceship
that delivered cats. It is the only thing they have from their home
planet. Tuna, chicken, sparrow-brains, etc., these are all things of our
world that they like, but catnip is crack from home.
		-- Bill Cole


It has long been noticed that juries are pitiless for robbery and full of
indulgence for infanticide.  A question of interest, my dear Sir!  The jury
is afraid of being robbed and has passed the age when it could be a victim
of infanticide.
		-- Edmond About


A new koan:
	If you have some ice cream, I will give it to you.
	If you have no ice cream, I will take it away from you.
It is an ice cream koan.


Q:	What's red and covered with little dents?
A:	Snow White's cherry.


Ninety-Ninety Rule of Project Schedules:
	The first ninety percent of the task takes ninety percent of
	the time, and the last ten percent takes the other ninety percent.


Sweet sixteen is beautiful Bess,
And her voice is changing -- from "No" to "Yes".


Q:	What do you call a group of kids with low IQs, drinking diet cola,
	eating fruit, and singing?
A:	The Moron Tab and Apple Choir.


Princeton's taste is sweet like a strawberry tart.  Harvard's is a subtle
taste, like whiskey, coffee, or tobacco.  It may even be a bad habit, for
all I know.
		-- Prof. J. H. Finley '25


Let the worthy citizens of Chicago get their liquor the best way
they can. I'm sick of the job.  It's a thankless one and full of grief.
		-- Al Capone


	A crow perched himself on a telephone wire.  He was going to make a
long-distance caw.


While vacationing last summer in the North Woods, a young fellow thought it
might be a good idea to write his girl.  He had brought no stationery with
him, however; so he had to walk into town for some.  Entering the one and
only general store, he discovered that the clerk was a young, full-blown farm
girl with languorous eyes.
	"Do you keep stationery?" he asked.
	"Well," she giggled, "I do until the last few seconds, and then I
just go wild."


Mistakes are often the stepping stones to utter failure.


PURITAN:
	Someone who is deathly afraid that
	someone, somewhere, is having fun.


The Great Movie Posters:

KATHERINE HEPBURN as the lying, stealing, singing, preying witch girl
of the Ozarks... "Low down white trash"?  Maybe so -- but let her hear
you say it and she'll break your head to prove herself a lady!
		-- Spitfire (1934)

Do Native Women Live With Apes?
		-- Love Life of a Gorilla (1937)

JUNGLE KISS!!
	When she looked into his eyes, felt his arms around her -- she
was no longer Tura, mysterious white goddess of the jungle tribes --
she was no longer the frozen-hearted high priestess under whose hypnotic
spell the worshipers of the great crocodile god meekly bowed -- she
was a girl in love!
	SEE the ravening charge of the hundred scared CROCODILES!
		-- Her Jungle Love (1938)

LOVE! HATE! JOY! FEAR! TORMENT! PANIC! SHAME! RAGE!
		-- Intermezzo (1939)


If Helen Keller is alone in a forest and falls, does she make a sound?


Sexual enlightenment is justified insofar as girls cannot learn too soon
how children do not come into the world.
		-- Karl Kraus


I'll rob that rich person and give it to some poor deserving slob.
That will *prove* I'm Robin Hood.
		-- Daffy Duck, "Robin Hood Daffy", [1958, Chuck Jones]


The average nutritional value of promises is roughly zero.


If women ran the military complex, would the missiles be shaped differently?


Sex is the poor man's opera.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Having lost his potency years before, the octogenarian was desperate to
satisfy his new 18-year-old wife.  He visited a gypsy woman with magical
powers.
	After the man downed a foul-tasting potion, the gypsy said, "There.
Now the words beep-beep will give you an enormous erection.  Repeating
the phrase will make it disappear.  But remember," she cautioned, "it will
work only three times.  Make use of them wisely."
	As the old man left, he decided to test her prediction.  "Beep-beep,"
he said, and sure enough, he got the biggest erection of his life.
"Beep-beep", he repeated.  It went away.
	He sped through traffic on his way home.  "Beep-beep," honked a taxi.
The old man gasped as he instantly got hard.
	"Beep-beep," honked a truck.  His erection wilted.
	Pulling into his driveway at last, the frantic man rushed inside
and found his nubile wife lying on the bed reading a novel.
	"Have I got a surprise for you," he said, tearing off his clothes.
"Beep-beep!"
	"Hold on a second," his wife said, eyeing his magnificent erection.
"What's all this beep-beep shit?"


She liked him; he was a man of many qualities, even if most of them
were bad.


