Breadth-first search is the bulldozer of science.
		-- Randy Goebel


Civilization and profits go hand in hand.
		-- Calvin Coolidge


Willie in the cauldron fell;		Willie saw some dynamite,
See the grief on mother's brow;		Couldn't understand it quite;
Mother loved her darling well --	Curiosity never pays:
Willie's quite hard-boiled by now.	It rained Willie seven days.

Little Willie with a shout,		William in a nice new sash,
Gouged the baby's eyeballs out;		Fell in the fire and burned to an ash.
Stamped on them to make them pop.	Now, although the room grows chilly,
Mother cried, "Now, William, stop!"	I haven't the heart to poke poor Billy.

William with a thirst for gore,		Little Willie mean as hell,
Nailed the baby to the door.		Threw his sister in the well!
Mother said, with humor quaint:		Said his mother when drawing water,
"Careful, Will, don't mar the paint."	"sure is hard to raise a daughter."
		-- Harry Graham, "Ruthless Rhymes for Heartless Homes", 1899


I just need enough to tide me over until I need more.
		-- Bill Hoest


I've built a better model than the one at Data General
For data bases vegetable, animal, and mineral
My OS handles CPUs with multiplexed duality;
My PL/1 compiler shows impressive functionality.
My storage system's better than magnetic core polarity,
You never have to bother checking out a bit for parity;
There isn't any reason to install non-static floor matting;
My disk drive has capacity for variable formatting.

I feel compelled to mention what I know to be a gloating point:
There's lots of room in memory for variables floating-point,
Which shows for input vegetable, animal, and mineral
I've built a better model than the one at Data General.

		-- Steve Levine, "A Computer Song" (To the tune of
		   "Modern Major General", from "Pirates of Penzance",
		   by Gilbert & Sullivan)


You should never ride in an airplane with a sports team,
because if the plane goes down, it's you they're gonna eat!
		-- Gordon Downie, singer for Tragically Hip


I will not say that women have no character; rather, they have a new
one every day.
		-- Heine


Cogito ergo I'm right and you're wrong.
		-- Blair Houghton


The Briggs - Chase Law of Program Development:
	To determine how long it will take to write and debug a
	program, take your best estimate, multiply that by two, add
	one, and convert to the next higher units.


Caution: Breathing may be hazardous to your health.


Viennese Oyster: Lady who can cross her feet behind her head, lying on her
back, of course.  When she has done so, you hold her tightly round each instep
with your full hand and squeeze, lying on her full-length.  Don't try to put
an unsupple partner into this position -- it can't be achieved by brute force.
You can get a very similar sensation -- unique rocking pelvic movement -- with
less expertise if she crosses her ankles on her tummy, knees to shoulders, and
you lie on her crossed ankles with your full weight.  Why "Viennese" we don't
know.  Tolerable for short periods only but gives tremendous genital pressure
for both.
		-- The Joy of Sex


He who findeth sensuous pleasures in the bodies of lush, hot, pink
damsels is not righteous, but he can have a lot more fun.


It is indeed desirable to be well descended,
but the glory belongs to our ancestors.
		-- Plutarch


The Law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich, as well as the poor,
to sleep under the bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread.
		-- Anatole France


This was the most unkindest cut of all.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"


Naeser's Law:
	You can make it foolproof, but you can't make it damnfoolproof.


The difficult we do today; the impossible takes a little longer.


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL:		#14
	The Baby Ruth candy bar was not named after George Herman "The Babe"
Ruth, but after the oldest daughter of President Grover Cleveland.


QOTD:
	"My life is a soap opera, but who gets the movie rights?"


In Pocatello, Idaho, a law passed in 1912 provided that "The carrying
of concealed weapons is forbidden, unless same are exhibited to public
view."


QOTD:
	"If you're looking for trouble, I can offer you a wide selection."


Q:	Why don't Scotsmen ever have coffee the way they like it?
A:	Well, they like it with two lumps of sugar.  If they drink
	it at home, they only take one, and if they drink it while
	visiting, they always take three.


Put a rogue in the limelight and he will act like an honest man.
		-- Napoleon Bonaparte, "Maxims"


$3,000,000


POLYGON:
	Dead parrot.


If you drink, don't park.  Accidents make people.


Life is a biochemical reaction to the stimulus of the surrounding
environment in a stable ecosphere, while a bowl of cherries is a
round container filled with little red fruits on sticks.


Elliptical, n.:
	The feel of a kiss.


Every morning is a Smirnoff morning.


The tree of research must from time to time
be refreshed with the blood of bean counters.
		-- Alan Kay


Each man is his own prisoner, in solitary confinement for life.


Love, which is quickly kindled in a gentle heart,
	seized this one for the fair form
	that was taken from me-and the way of it afflicts me still.
Love, which absolves no loved one from loving,
	seized me so strongly with delight in him,
	that, as you see, it does not leave me even now.
Love brought us to one death.
		-- La Divina Commedia: Inferno V, vv. 100-06


To a Californian, the basic difference between the people and the pigeons
in New York is that the pigeons don't shit on each other.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


QOTD:
	"Well, let's say she's friendly.  Last year she was the Herpes
	Poster Girl."


To criticize the incompetent is easy;
it is more difficult to criticize the competent.


It is possible by ingenuity and at the expense of clarity... {to do almost
anything in any language}.  However, the fact that it is possible to push
a pea up a mountain with your nose does not mean that this is a sensible
way of getting it there.  Each of these techniques of language extension
should be used in its proper place.
		-- Christopher Strachey


The fall of the USSR proves you wrong.
		-- Aryeh M. Friedman


If it were thought that anything I wrote was influenced by Robert Frost,
I would take that particular work of mine, shred it, and flush it down
the toilet, hoping not to clog the pipes.  A more sententious, holding-
forth old bore who expected every hero-worshiping adenoidal little twerp
of a student-poet to hang on to his every word I never saw.
		-- James Dickey


There is no substitute for good manners, except, perhaps, fast reflexes.


Bipolar, adj.:
	Refers to someone who has homes in Nome, Alaska, and Buffalo,
New York


	"Hello, Mrs. Premise!"
	"Oh, hello, Mrs. Conclusion!  Busy day?"
	"Busy? I just spent four hours burying the cat."
	"Four hours to bury a cat!?"
	"Yes, he wouldn't keep still: wrigglin' about, 'owlin'..."
	"Oh, it's not dead then."
	"Oh no, no, but it's not at all a well cat, and as we're
goin' away for a fortnight I thought I'd better bury it just to be
on the safe side."
	"Quite right.  You don't want to come back from Sorrento
to a dead cat, do you?"
		-- Monty Python


Words can never express what words can never express.


Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
		-- Will Rogers


It's better to burn out than to fade away.


A conservative is a man who believes that nothing should be done for
the first time.
		-- Alfred E. Wiggam


Too much is not enough.


And the northern lights commenced to glow.
And she said, with a tear in her eye,
"Watch out where the huskies go, and don't you eat that yellow snow."
		-- Frank Zappa, "The Story of Nanook and the Fur Trapper"


Maybe Computer Science should be in the College of Theology.
		-- R. S. Barton


Have the courage to take your own thoughts
seriously, for they will shape you.
		-- Albert Einstein


No pig should go sky diving during monsoon
For this isn't really the norm.
But should a fat swine try to soar like a loon,
So what?  Any pork in a storm.

No pig should go sky diving during monsoon,
It's risky enough when the weather is fine.
But to have a pig soar when the monsoon doth roar
Cast even more perils before swine.


The day will come when the mystical generation of Jesus, by the Supreme Being
as his Father, in the womb of a virgin will be classified with the fable of
the generation of Minerva in the brain of Jupiter.  But we may hope that the
dawn of reason and freedom of thought in these United States will do away with
this artificial scaffolding and restore to us the primitive and genuine
doctrines of this most venerated Reformer of human errors.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
		-- Helen Keller


Love thy neighbor, tune thy piano.


Learn from other people's mistakes, you don't have time to make your own.


CONSULTATION:
	Medical term meaning "to share the wealth."


Your life would be very empty if you had nothing to regret.


I'm so miserable without you, it's almost like you're here.


Two heads are better than one.
		-- John Heywood


Dig it, first they killed those pigs, then they ate dinner in the same
room with them, then they even shoved a fork in a victim's stomach.  Wild!
		-- Bernadine Dohrn, on the Manson killings


I choked Linda Lovelace.


Computer programmers do it byte by byte.


The little pieces of my life I give to you,
with love, to make a quilt to keep away the cold.


One day this guy is finally fed up with his middle-class existence and
decides to do something about it.  He calls up his best friend, who is a
mathematical genius.  "Look," he says, "do you suppose you could find some
way mathematically of guaranteeing winning at the race track?  We could
make a lot of money and retire and enjoy life."  The mathematician thinks
this over a bit and walks away mumbling to himself.
	A week later his friend drops by to ask the genius if he's had any
success.  The genius, looking a little bleary-eyed, replies, "Well, yes,
actually I do have an idea, and I'm reasonably sure that it will work, but
there a number of details to be figured out.
	After the second week the mathematician appears at his friend's house,
looking quite a bit rumpled, and announces, "I think I've got it! I still have
some of the theory to work out, but now I'm certain that I'm on the right
track."
	At the end of the third week the mathematician wakes his friend by
pounding on his door at three in the morning.  He has dark circles under his
eyes.  His hair hasn't been combed for many days.  He appears to be wearing
the same clothes as the last time.  He has several pencils sticking out from
behind his ears and an almost maniacal expression on his face.  "WE CAN DO
IT!  WE CAN DO IT!!" he shrieks. "I have discovered the perfect solution!!
And it's so EASY!  First, we assume that horses are perfect spheres in simple
harmonic motion..."


For a good time, call (510) 642-9483


I was offered a job as a hoodlum and I turned it down cold.  A thief is
anybody who gets out and works for his living, like robbing a bank or
breaking into a place and stealing stuff, or kidnaping somebody.  He really
gives some effort to it.  A hoodlum is a pretty lousy sort of scum.  He
works for gangsters and bumps guys off when they have been put on the spot.
Why, after I'd made my rep, some of the Chicago Syndicate wanted me to work
for them as a hood -- you know, handling a machine gun.  They offered me
two hundred and fifty dollars a week and all the protection I needed.  I
was on the lam at the time and not able to work at my regular line.  But
I wouldn't consider it.  "I'm a thief," I said.  "I'm no lousy hoodlum."
		-- Alvin Karpis, "Public Enemy Number One"


Timesharing, n.:
	An access method whereby one computer abuses many people.


As they say about Dungeons and Dragons, "Life's a die, and then you bitch."


The man she had was kind and clean
And well enough for every day,
But oh, dear friends, you should have seen
The one that got away.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "The Fisherwoman"


fortune: not found


Some people cause happiness wherever
they go; others, whenever they go.


Nudists are people who wear one-button suits.


Zeus gave Leda the bird.


Battle, n.:
	A method of untying with the teeth a political knot that
	will not yield to the tongue.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Talk is cheap because supply always exceeds demand.


The next person to mention spaghetti stacks
to me is going to have his head knocked off.
		-- Bill Conrad


Just as most issues are seldom black or white, so are most good solutions
seldom black or white.  Beware of the solution that requires one side to be
totally the loser and the other side to be totally the winner.  The reason
there are two sides to begin with usually is because neither side has all
the facts.  Therefore, when the wise mediator effects a compromise, he is
not acting from political motivation.  Rather, he is acting from a deep
sense of respect for the whole truth.
		-- Stephen R. Schwambach


You will be surprised by a loud noise.


What this country needs is a good five dollar plasma weapon.


Said Einstein, "I have an equation
Which to some may seem Rabelaisian:
	Let _V be virginity
	Approaching infinity;
Let _P be a constant persuasion;

"Let _V over _P be inverted
With the square root of _M_u inserted
	_N times into _V ...
	The result, Q.E.D.,
Is a relative!"  Einstein asserted.


I don't know why we're here, I say we all go home and free associate.


FLASH!
Intelligence of mankind decreasing.
Details at ... uh, when the little hand is on the ....


For a holy stint, a moth of the cloth gave up his woolens for lint.


Horace's best ode would not please a young woman as much
as the mediocre verses of the young man she is in love with.
		-- Moore


FORTUNE'S GUIDE TO DEALING WITH REAL-LIFE SCIENCE FICTION: #6
What to do...
    if a starship, equipped with an FTL hyperdrive lands in your backyard?
	First of all, do not run after your camera.  You will not have any
	film, and, given the state of computer animation, noone will believe
	you anyway.  Be polite.  Remember, if they have an FTL hyperdrive,
	they can probably vaporize you, should they find you to be rude.
	Direct them to the White House lawn, which is where they probably
	wanted to land, anyway.  A good road map should help.

    if you wake up in the middle of the night, and discover that your
    closet contains an alternate dimension?
	Don't walk in.  You almost certainly will not be able to get back,
	and alternate dimensions are almost never any fun.  Remain calm
	and go back to bed.  Close the door first, so that the cat does not
	wander off.  Check your closet in the morning.  If it still contains
	an alternate dimension, nail it shut.


Civilization and profits go hand in hand.
		-- Calvin Coolidge


You now have Asian Flu.


As Will Rogers would have said,
"There is no such things as a free variable."


Incest, n.:
	Sibling revelry; a sport the whole family can enjoy.


A person who has nothing looks at all there is and wants something.
A person who has something looks at all there is and wants all the rest.


A sine curve goes off to infinity, or at least the end of the blackboard.
		-- Prof. Steiner


Q:	Why did Hellen Keller go all the way on her first date?
A:	She'd never been taught to say no.


	On the day of his anniversary, Joe was frantically shopping
around for a present for his wife.  He knew what she wanted, a
grandfather clock for the living room, but he found the right one
almost impossible to find.  Finally, after many hours of searching, Joe
found just the clock he wanted, but the store didn't deliver.  Joe,
desperate, paid the shopkeeper, hoisted the clock onto his back, and
staggered out onto the sidewalk.  On the way home, he passed a bar.
Just as he reached the door, a drunk stumbled out and crashed into Joe,
sending himself, Joe, and the clock into the gutter.  Murphy's law
being in effect, the clock ended up in roughly a thousand pieces.
	"You stupid drunk!" screamed Joe, jumping up from the
wreckage.  "Why don't you look where the hell you're going!"
	With quiet dignity the drunk stood up somewhat unsteadily and
dusted himself off.  "And why don't you just wear a wristwatch like a
normal person?"


Cleveland still lives.  God _m_u_s_t be dead.


An anthropologist at Tulane has just come back from a field trip to New
Guinea with reports of a tribe so primitive that they have Tide but not
new Tide with lemon-fresh Borax.
		-- David Letterman


Distress, n.:
	A disease incurred by exposure to the prosperity of a friend.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Programming is an unnatural act.


Baltimore, n.:
	Where the women wear turtleneck sweaters to hide their flea
	collars.


I don't wanna argue, and I don't wanna fight,
But there will definitely be a party tonight...


Q:	What goes: Sis!  Boom!  Baaaaah!
A:	Exploding sheep.


