alta, v:	To change; make or become different; modify.
ansa, v:	A spoken or written reply, as to a question.
baa, n:		A place people meet to have a few drinks.
Baaston, n:	The capital of Massachusetts.
baaba, n:	One whose business is to cut or trim hair or beards.
beea, n:	An alcoholic beverage brewed from malt and hops, often
			found in baas.
caaa, n:	An automobile.
centa, n:	A point around which something revolves; axis.  (Or
			someone involved with the Knicks.)
chouda, n:	A thick seafood soup, often in a milk base.
dada, n:	Information, esp. information organized for analysis or
			computation.
		-- Massachewsetts Unabridged Dictionary


I can write better than anybody who can write faster,
and I can write faster than anybody who can write better.
		-- A. J. Liebling


When you find yourself in danger,
When you're threatened by a stranger,
When it looks like you will take a lickin'...

There is one thing you should learn,
When there is no one else to turn to,
	Caaaall for Super Chicken!!  (**bwuck-bwuck-bwuck-bwuck**)
	Caaaall for Super Chicken!!


Gomme's Laws:
	(1) A backscratcher will always find new itches.
	(2) Time accelerates.
	(3) The weather at home improves as soon as you go away.


A song in time is worth a dime.


A truly great man will neither trample on a worm nor sneak to an emperor.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


C, n.:
	A programming language that is sort of like Pascal except more like
	assembly except that it isn't very much like either one, or anything
	else.  It is either the best language available to the art today, or
	it isn't.
		-- Ray Simard


If they can't take a joke, then fuck 'em.
If they can, then fuck 'em.


Was there a time when dancers with their fiddles
In children's circuses could stay their troubles?
There was a time they could cry over books,
But time has set its maggot on their track.
Under the arc of the sky they are unsafe.
What's never known is safest in this life.
Under the skysigns they who have no arms
Have cleanest hands, and, as the heartless ghost
Alone's unhurt, so the blind man sees best.
		-- Dylan Thomas, "Was There A Time"


Clarke's Conclusion:
	Never let your sense of morals interfere with doing the right thing.


If the human brain were so simple that we could understand it,
we would be so simple we couldn't.


Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.


Isn't it strange that the same people that
laugh at gypsy fortune tellers take economists seriously?


Did you ever wonder what you'd say to God if He sneezed?


Trying to establish voice contact ... please _y_e_l_l into keyboard.


One-Shot Case Study, n.:
	The scientific equivalent of the four-leaf clover, from which
	it is concluded all clovers possess four leaves and are sometimes green.


If you're going to do something tonight
that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late.
		-- Henny Youngman


Flon's Law:
	There is not now, and never will be, a language in
	which it is the least bit difficult to write bad programs.


Fifth Law of Procrastination:
	Procrastination avoids boredom; one never has the feeling that
there is nothing important to do.


You can't hold a man down without staying down with him.
		-- Booker T. Washington


Revolutionary, adj.:
	Repackaged.


Insanity is considered a ground for divorce, though by the very same
token it is the shortest detour to marriage.
		-- Wilson Mizner


This yuppie, see, was in a car wreck.  His BMW was mangled, and so was he.
The paramedic was leaning over him getting his vitals, and all the yup
could groan was "My BMW!  My BMW!"
	The paramedic tried to quiet the man, pointing out that his car
wasn't his chief concern at the moment, especially as he'd been rearranged
pretty badly himself -- for example, his left arm was severed at the elbow
and was lying about twenty feet away.
	There was a moment of stunned silence from the yup followed by
"Oh no!  My Rolex!  My Rolex!"


A budget is just a method of worrying
before you spend money, as well as afterward.


There is no hunting like the hunting of man, and those who have hunted
armed men long enough and liked it, never care for anything else thereafter.
		-- Ernest Hemingway


Understand, v.:
	To reach a point, in your investigation of some subject, at which
	you cease to examine what is really present, and operate on the
	basis of your own internal model instead.


The Israelites were all waiting anxiously at the foot of the mountain,
knowing that Moses had had a tough day negotiating with God over the
Commandments.  Finally a tired Moses came into sight.
	"I've got some good news and some bad news, folks," he said.  "The
good news is that I got Him down to ten.  The bad news is that adultery's
still in."


Ahead warp factor one, Mr. Sulu.


Euch ist bekannt, was wir beduerfen;
Wir wollen stark Getraenke schluerfen.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, "Faust"


Doctors take two aspirin and do it in the morning.


A group of politicians deciding to dump a President because his morals
are bad is like the Mafia getting together to bump off the Godfather for
not going to church on Sunday.
		-- Russell Baker


Every creature has within him the wild, uncontrollable urge to punt.


A virtuous abstinence from the joys of pederasty
comes most easily to those who have no taste for it.
		-- Oscar Wilde


I can hire one half of the working class to kill the other half.
		-- Jay Gould


O'Brien held up his left hand, its back toward Winston, with the
thumb hidden and the four fingers extended.
	"How many fingers am I holding up, Winston?"
	"Four."
	"And if the Party says that it is not four but five --
		then how many?"
	"Four."
	The word ended in a gasp of pain.
		-- George Orwell


Many hands make light work.
		-- John Heywood


QOTD:
	"He's a perfectionist.  If he married Raquel Welch, he'd expect
	her to cook."


...whether it is better to spend a life not knowing what you want or to
spend a life knowing exactly what you want and that you will never have it.
		-- Richard Shelton


God made everything out of nothing, but the nothingness shows through.
		-- Paul Valery


Kansas state law requires pedestrians crossing the highways at night to
wear tail lights.


Someday, Weederman, we'll look back on all this and laugh... It will
probably be one of those deep, eerie ones that slowly builds to a
blood-curdling maniacal scream... but still it will be a laugh.
		-- Mister Boffo


If you float on instinct alone, how can you
calculate the buoyancy for the computed load?
		-- Christopher Hodder-Williams


If you remember the 60's, you weren't there.


Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what do you say to a cold one?
Norm:  See you later, Vera, I'll be at Cheers.
		-- Cheers, Norm's Last Hurrah

Sam:	Well, look at you.  You look like the cat that
	swallowed the canary.
Norm:	And I need a beer to wash him down.
		-- Cheers, Norm's Last Hurrah

Woody:  Would you like a beer, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   No, I'd like a dead cat in a glass.
		-- Cheers, Little Carla, Happy at Last, Part 2


This is the _L_A_S_T time I take travel suggestions from Ray Bradbury!


Q:	How can you tell when a Burroughs salesman is lying?
A:	When his lips move.


The problem with being best man at a wedding is that you never get a
chance to prove it.


He that would govern others, first should be the master of himself.


I choked Linda Lovelace.


	One day a mother and daughter are walking around a farming community
and they see a stallion mounting a mare.  The daughter takes in the scene and
turns to her mother. "Mommy, what are those two horses doing?"
	Her mother hastily answered, "The horse on top hurt its hoof, and the
one on the bottom is carrying him back to the stable."
	The daughter shook her head and sadly replied, "Isn't that just the
way it goes?  Try to help someone and you get fucked."


"I'm a doctor, not a mechanic."
		-- "The Doomsday Machine", when asked if he had heard of
		   the idea of a doomsday machine.
"I'm a doctor, not an escalator."
		-- "Friday's Child", when asked to help the very pregnant
		   Ellen up a steep incline.
"I'm a doctor, not a bricklayer."
		-- "Devil in the Dark", when asked to patch up the Horta.
"I'm a doctor, not an engineer."
		-- "Mirror, Mirror", when asked by Scotty for help in
		   Engineering aboard the USS Enterprise.
"I'm a doctor, not a coal miner."
		-- "The Empath", on being beneath the surface of Minara 2.
"I'm a surgeon, not a psychiatrist."
		-- "City on the Edge of Forever", on Edith Keeler's remark
		   that Kirk talked strangely.
"I'm no magician, Spock, just an old country doctor."
		-- "The Deadly Years", to Spock while trying to cure the
		   aging effects of the rogue comet near Gamma Hydra 4.
"What am I, a doctor or a moon shuttle conductor?"
		-- "The Corbomite Maneuver", when Kirk rushed off from a
		   physical exam to answer the alert.


Living in Hollywood is like living in a bowl of granola.
What ain't fruits and nuts is flakes.


Ferguson's Precept:
	A crisis is when you can't say "let's forget the whole thing."


I was in accord with the system so long as it
permitted me to function effectively.
		-- Albert Speer


I suggest you locate your hot tub outside your house, so it won't do
too much damage if it catches fire or explodes.  First you decide which
direction your hot tub should face for maximum solar energy.  After
much trial and error, I have found that the best direction for a hot
tub to face is up.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


You now have Asian Flu.


	As we know, there are known knowns.  There are things we know we
know.  We also know there are known unknowns.  That is to say, we know
there are some things we do not know.  But there are also unknown
unknowns; the ones we don't know we don't know.
		-- United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld
		   12 February 2002, Regarding the US invasion of Iraq


If I want your opinion, I'll ask you to fill out the necessary form.


Love is in the offing.  Be affectionate to one who adores you.


I shot an arrow in to the air, and it stuck.
		-- graffito in Los Angeles

On a clear day,
U.C.L.A.
		-- graffito in San Francisco

There's so much pollution in the air now that if it weren't for our
lungs there'd be no place to put it all.
		-- Robert Orben


Spock: We suffered 23 casualties in that attack, Captain.


Q:	What is the difference between Texas and yogurt?
A:	Yogurt has culture.


TACKY:
	Serving grape Kool-Aid at religious functions.


We should declare war on North Vietnam.  We could pave the whole
country and put parking strips on it, and still be home by Christmas.
		-- Ronald Reagan


Ma Bell is a mean mother!


Just out of curiosity does this actually mean something or have some
of the few remaining bits of your brain just evaporated?
		-- Patricia O Tuama, rissa@killer.DALLAS.TX.US


One organism, one vote.


God is omnipotent, omniscient, and omnibenevolent -- it says so right here
on the label.  If you have a mind capable of believing all three of these
divine attributes simultaneously, I have a wonderful bargain for you.  No
checks, please.  Cash and in small bills.
		-- Lazarus Long


Once again dread deed is done.
Canon sleeps,
his all-knowing eye shaded
to human chance and circumstance.
Peace reigns anew o'er Pine Valley,
but Canon's sleep is troubled.

Beware, scant days past the Ides of July.
Impatient hands wait eagerly
to grasp, to hold
scant moments of time
wrested from life in the full
glory of Canon's power;
held captive by his unblinking eye.

Three golden orbs stand watch;
one each to toll the day, hour, minute
until predestiny decrees his reawakening.
When that feared moment arrives,
"Ask not for whom the bell tolls,
It tolls for thee."
		-- "I extended the loan on your Camera, at the Pine
		   Valley Pawn Shop today"


The weed of crime bears bitter fruit...
but the leaves are good to smoke!
		-- The Shadow


I am a computer.
I am dumber than any human and smarter than any administrator.


If you throw a New Year's Party, the worst thing that you can do would be
to throw the kind of party where your guests wake up today, and call you to
say they had a nice time.  Now you'll be expected to throw another party
next year.
	What you should do is throw the kind of party where your guest wake
	up several days from now and call their lawyers to find out if
they've been indicted for anything.  You want your guests to be so anxious
to avoid a recurrence of your party that they immediately start planning
parties of their own, a year in advance, just to prevent you from having
another one ...
	If your party is successful, the police will knock on your door,
unless your party is very successful in which case they will lob tear gas
through your living room window.  As host, your job is to make sure that
they don't arrest anybody.  Or if they're dead set on arresting someone,
your job is to make sure it isn't you ...
		-- Dave Barry


Had I been present at the creation, I would have given some
useful hints for the better ordering of the universe.
		-- Alfonso the Wise

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to operating system initialization.]


Better late than never.
		-- Titus Livius (Livy)


	He had been bitten by a dog, but didn't give it much thought
until he noticed that the wound was taking a remarkably long time to
heal.  Finally, he consulted a doctor who took one look at it and
ordered the dog brought in.  Just as he had suspected, the dog had
rabies.  Since it was too late to give the patient serum, the doctor
felt he had to prepare him for the worst.  The poor man sat down at the
doctor's desk and began to write.  His physician tried to comfort him.
"Perhaps it won't be so bad," he said. "You needn't make out your will
right now."
	"I'm not making out any will," relied the man.  "I'm just writing
out a list of people I'm going to bite!"


Any clod can have the facts, but having opinions is an art.
		-- Charles McCabe


You are never given a wish without also being given the
power to make it true.  You may have to work for it, however.
		-- R. Bach,
		   "Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul"


We should have a Vollyballocracy.  We elect a six-pack of presidents.
Each one serves until they screw up, at which point they rotate.
		-- Dennis Miller


I love mankind ... It's people I hate.
		-- Schulz


Remember: use logout to logout.


Never negotiate with the United States unless you have a nuclear
weapon.
		-- Former deputy defense minister of India


Old timer, n.:
	One who remembers when charity was a virtue and not an organization.


If you want to put yourself on the map, publish your own map.


WARNING!!!
This machine is subject to breakdowns during periods of critical need.

A special circuit in the machine called "critical detector" senses the
operator's emotional state in terms of how desperate he/she is to use the
machine.  The "critical detector" then creates a malfunction proportional
to the desperation of the operator.  Threatening the machine with violence
only aggravates the situation.  Likewise, attempts to use another machine
may cause it to malfunction.  They belong to the same union.  Keep cool
and say nice things to the machine.  Nothing else seems to work.

See also: flog(1), tm(1)


When the only tool you have is a hammer, every problem starts to look
like a nail.


A pig is a jolly companion,
Boar, sow, barrow, or gilt --
A pig is a pal, who'll boost your morale,
Though mountains may topple and tilt.
When they've blackballed, bamboozled, and burned you,
When they've turned on you, Tory and Whig,
Though you may be thrown over by Tabby and Rover,
You'll never go wrong with a pig, a pig,
You'll never go wrong with a pig!
		-- Thomas Pynchon, "Gravity's Rainbow"


Mary had a little lamb, its fleece was white as snow,
And everywhere that Mary went, the lamb was sure to go.
It followed her through rain or snow, lightning, sleet or hail.
It fetched the evening paper, her slippers, and the mail.
She never had a moments peace; the lamb was always on her heels,
And on her feet its head would rest, while she ate her meals.
It followed her to school one day, the devotion never ended.
The lamb waltzed into her history class and Mary got suspended.
The night she went to Senior Prom, she thought she had him beat,
Until she heard a mournful "Baaa" coming from her car's seat.
Oh, Mary had a little lamb, it surely didn't please her.
So for dinner she had lambchops; the rest is in the freezer.
		-- Alma Garcia


I hate dying.
		-- Dave Johnson


We were so poor we couldn't afford a watchdog.
If we heard a noise at night, we'd bark ourselves.
		-- Crazy Jimmy


As Gen. de Gaulle occasionally acknowledges America to be the daughter
of Europe, so I am pleased to come to Yale, the daughter of Harvard.
		-- John F. Kennedy


Support the American Kidney Foundation.
Don't wear your motorcycle helmet.


	An Englishman, a Frenchman and an American are captured by cannibals.
The leader of the tribe comes up to them and says, "Even though you are about
to killed, your deaths will not be in vain.  Every part of your body will be
used.  Your flesh will be eaten, for my people are hungry.  Your hair will be
woven into clothing, for my people are naked.  Your bones will be ground up
and made into medicine, for my people are sick.  Your skin will be stretched
over canoe frames, for my people need transportation.  We are a fair people,
and we offer you a chance to kill yourself with our ceremonial knife."
	The Englishman accepts the knife and yells, "God Save the Queen",
while plunging the knife into his heart.
	The Frenchman removes the knife from the fallen body, and yells,
"Vive la France", while plunging the knife into his heart.
	The American removes the knife from the fallen body, and yells,
while stabbing himself all over his body, "Here's your lousy canoe!"


Charlie was a chemist,
But Charlie is no more.
What Charlie thought was H2O was H2SO4.


QOTD:
	"Are you into casual sex, or should I dress up?"


QOTD:
	"Let go of my ears, I know what I'm doing!"


Six days after the Creation, Adam was still alone in the Garden of
Eden, and getting pretty desperate. "God!" he cried, "rescue me from
loneliness and despair!  Send some company for Your sake!"

God replied "OK, I have just the thing. Keep you warm and relaxed all
the days of your life.  Never complains.  Looks up to you in every way.
It'll cost you though".

"Sounds ideal" said Adam. "The society of the beasts of the field and
the birds of the air palls after a while.  What's the price?"

"An arm and a leg", said God.

Adam thought about it for a bit and finally sighed.  "So, what can I get
for a rib?"


Men who cherish for women the highest
respect are seldom popular with them.
		-- Joseph Addison


Doing gets it done.


I wooed a stewed nude in Bermuda,
I was lewd, but my God! she was lewder.
	She said it was crude
	To be wooed in the nude--
I persued her, subdued her, and screwed her!


There are no answers, only cross-references.
		-- Weiner


Far out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end of the
Western Spiral arm of the Galaxy lies a small unregarded yellow sun.
Orbiting this at a distance of roughly ninety-eight million miles is an
utterly insignificant little blue-green planet whose ape-descended life
forms are so amazingly primitive that they still think digital watches
are a pretty neat idea ...
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Moody bitch with attitude, seeks nice,
good-looking guy to dump on.


Worst Month of 1981 for Downhill Skiing:
	August.  The lift lines are the shortest, though.
		-- Steve Rubenstein


Not to mention the fact that most of the good code for PC minix seems
to have been written by Bruce Evans.
		-- Linus Torvalds, comp.os.minix, Jan. 1992


Seleznick's Theory of Holistic Medicine:
	Ice Cream cures all ills.  Temporarily.


We're happy little Vegemites,
	As bright as bright can be.
We all enjoy our Vegemite
	For breakfast, lunch and tea.


Telephone, n.:
	An invention of the devil which abrogates some of the advantages of
	making a disagreeable person keep his distance.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Omnibiblious, adj.:
	Indifferent to type of drink.  Ex: "Oh, you can get me anything.
	I'm omnibiblious."


And now for something completely the same.


'Twas bullig, and the slithy brokers
Did buy and gamble in the craze		"Beware the Jabberstock, my son!
All rosy were the Dow Jones stokers	The cost that bites, the worth
By market's wrath unphased.			that falls!
					Beware the Econ'mist's word, and shun
He took his forecast sword in hand:	The spurious Street o' Walls!"
Long time the Boesk'some foe he sought -
Sake's liquidity, so d'vested he,	And as in bearish thought he stood
And stood awhile in thought.		The Jabberstock, with clothes of tweed,
					Came waffling with the truth too good,
Chip Black! Chip Blue! And through	And yuppied great with greed!
	and through
The forecast blade went snicker-snack!	"And hast thou slain the Jabberstock?
It bit the dirt, and with its shirt,	Come to my firm, V.P.ish boy!
He went rebounding back.		O big bucks day! Moolah! Good Play!"
					He bought him a Mercedes Toy.
'Twas panic, and the slithy brokers
Did gyre and tumble in the Crash
All flimsy were the Dow Jones stokers
And mammon's wrath them bash!
		-- Peter Stucki, "Jabberstocky"


You can't cheat the phone company.


HARVARD:
Quarterback:
	Sophomore Dave Strewzinski... likes to pass.  And pass he does, with
a record 86 attempts (three completions) in 87 plays....  Though Strewzinski
has so far failed to score any points for the Crimson, his jackrabbit speed
has made him the least sacked quarterback in the Ivy league.
Wide Receiver:
	The other directional signal in Harvard's offensive machine is senior
Phil Yip, who is very fast.  Yip is so fast that he has set a record for being
fast.  Expect to see Yip elude all pursuers and make it into the endzone five
or six times, his average for a game.  Yip, nicknamed "fumblefingers" and "you
asshole" by his teammates, hopes to carry the ball with him at least one of
those times.
YALE:
Defense:
	On the defensive side, Yale boasts the stingiest line in the Ivies.
Primarily responsible are seniors Izzy "Shylock" Bloomberg and Myron
Finklestein, the tightest ends in recent Eli history.  Also contributing to
the powerful defense is junior tackle Angus MacWhirter, a Scotsman who rounds
out the offensive ethnic joke.  Look for these three to shut down the opening
coin toss.
		-- Harvard Lampoon 1988 Program Parody, distributed at The Game


You are not dead yet.
But watch for further reports.


Life is like an analogy.


You will pass away very quickly.


Chipmunks roasting on an open fire
Jack Frost ripping up your nose
Yuletide carolers being thrown in the fire
And folks dressed up like buffaloes
Everybody knows a turkey slaughtered in the snow
Helps to make the season right
Tiny tots with their eyes all gouged out
Will find it hard to see tonight
They know that Santa's on his way
He's loaded lots of guns and bullets on his sleigh
And every mother's child is sure to spy
To see if reindeer really scream when they die
And so I'm offering this simple phrase
To kids from one to ninety two
Although it's been said many times, many ways
Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas, Fuck you!!


Time to be aggressive.  Go after a tattooed Virgo.


Writing software is more fun than working.


Narcolepulacyi, n.:
	The contagious action of yawning, causing everyone in sight
	to also yawn.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


A fool is a man who worries about whether or not his lover has integrity.
A wise man, on the other hand, busies himself with deeper attributes.


A woman went into a hospital one day to give birth.  Afterwards, the doctor
came to her and said, "I have some... odd news for you."
	"Is my baby all right?" the woman anxiously asked.
	"Yes, he is," the doctor replied, "but we don't know how.  Your son
(we assume) was born with no body.  He only has a head."
	Well, the doctor was correct.  The Head was alive and well, though no
one knew how.  The Head turned out to be fairly normal, ignoring his lack of
a body, and lived for some time as typical a life as could be expected under
the circumstances.
	One day, about twenty years after the fateful birth, the woman got a
phone call from another doctor.  The doctor said, "I have recently perfected
an operation.  Your son can live a normal life now: we can graft a body onto
his head!"
	The woman, practically weeping with joy, thanked the doctor and hung
up.  She ran up the stairs saying, "Johnny, Johnny, I have a *wonderful*
surprise for you!"
	"Oh no," cried The Head, "not another HAT!"


The only really decent thing to do behind a person's back is pat it.


	A man who keeps stealing mopeds is an obvious cycle-path.


I finally went to the eye doctor.  I got contacts.
I only need them to read, so I got flip-ups.
		-- Steven Wright


Guru, n.:
	A computer owner who can read the manual.


Every man who has reached even his intellectual teens begins to suspect
that life is no farce; that it is not genteel comedy even; that it flowers
and fructifies on the contrary out of the profoundest tragic depths of the
essential death in which its subject's roots are plunged.  The natural
inheritance of everyone who is capable of spiritual life is an unsubdued
forest where the wolf howls and the obscene bird of night chatters.
		-- Henry James Sr., writing to his sons Henry and William


Our readers ask, "Why don't more WASPs go to orgies?"  Well, it's really
quite simple.  They don't want to have to write all those thank-you notes.


There was once a newly-married couple.  Now these two lovers were, well,
rather uptight about using expressions such as "having sex", "getting it on",
or "boffing the brains out".  So, they decided to use the euphemism, "doing
the laundry" whenever the topic of sex came up.
	One evening, hubby said, "Well, honey, feel like doing some laundry
tonite?", and she consented.  The next evening, hubby again asked, "Sweetie,
feel like doing some laundry tonite?"  Well, wifey wasn't really in the mood,
but complied.  On the third night, when hubby approached her, asking her to
participate in doing still MORE laundry, she replied, "Oh, Hon, I'm really not
in the mood for doing any laundry tonite."
	Well, hubby, being a bit disappointed, locked himself in the bathroom
and engaged in a spot of self-abuse instead.  Upon returning to the living
room, wifey said, "Well, Poopsie, I've changed my mind -- how about doing
some laundry?"  To which he replied, "Oh, no, that's okay, I just did a small
load!"


Hear about...
	the ultimate in singles bars.  It's a place where girls have
	to show their I.U.D.'s to be admitted?


It is a sobering thought that when Mozart was
my age, he had been dead for 2 years.
		-- Tom Lehrer


If only God would give me some clear sign!
Like making a large deposit in my name at a Swiss bank.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


Did you hear about young Henry Lockett?
He was blown down the street by a rocket.
	The force of the blast
	Blew his balls up his ass,
And his pecker was found in his pocket.


Do you know Montana?


A recent study has found that concentrating on difficult off-screen
objects, such as the faces of loved ones, causes eye strain in computer
scientists.  Researchers into the phenomenon cite the added concentration
needed to "make sense" of such unnatural three dimensional objects.


Excellent time to become a missing person.


You are now in Atlanta, Georgia.
Please set your clocks back 200 years.


If everything seems to be going well,
you have obviously overlooked something.


It is far better to be deceived than to be undeceived by those we love.


Two old men are walking down the boardwalk when one of them tells the other
that he has to leave, his wife is expecting him to come home and make love
with her.
	The other man is astonished.  "Make love to your wife?  You're as old
as I am!  Nearly eighty years old!  What do you mean you have to go home and
make love to your wife?"
	The first man smiles and says, "We have a *great* sex life.  We make
love every day."
	"You're kidding!" says his friend.  "How do you do it?"
	"Pumpernickel bread.  That's the secret."  And he dashes off home.
	The other man starts to walk home.  "Hmmm," he thinks to himself
pumpernickel bread.  Well, it's worth a try."  So he goes into a nearby
bakery.
	Going up to the woman at the counter, he asks for their entire stock
of pumpernickel bread.  The woman stares at him in astonishment.  "You want
all the pumpernickel bread we have?  Are you sure?  Don't you know that it
will get hard?"
	"How come," demands the man, "everybody knows about this but me?"


I am not now, nor have I ever been, a member of the demigodic party.
		-- Dennis M. Ritchie


There is hardly a thing in the world that some man can
not make a little worse and sell a little cheaper.


The eagle may soar, but the weasel never gets sucked into a jet engine.


Old age is always fifteen years older than I am.
		-- Bernard Baruch


God must love assholes -- She made so many of them.


No-one would remember the Good Samaritan if he had only had good
intentions.  He had money as well.
		-- Margaret Thatcher


By doing just a little every day, you can
gradually let the task completely overwhelm you.


"Force is but might," the teacher said--
"That definition's just."
The boy said naught but thought instead,
Remembering his pounded head:
"Force is not might but must!"


Mustgo, n.:
	Any item of food that has been sitting in the refrigerator so
	long it has become a science project.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


OLD FELLA RED CLARET
	Produce of Australia -- "The Big 69'er"

An unusual "Rough-as-Guts" wine that has the Distinctive Bouquet of old
and ill-cared for animals.  It is best drunk with the teeth clenched to
prevent ingestion of the seeds and skins.  Connoisseurs will savour the
slight Tannin Taste of burnt shag feathers and soiled medical dressings.
Possessors of a cultivated Palate admire the initial assault on the taste
buds which comes from the careful and loving blending of circus hosings
with perished jock straps.  The maturing in Midland Abattoir hogsheads
gives it a very Definite Nose.  With the bouquet like an aborigine's armpit.
In the United States this wine is marketed as Crow Brand (9 out of 10 people
who drink it for the first time exclaim "VRAAAARRRRRK").

It won a Bronze at the "Kings Cross Homosexuals Convention" of 1973

Warning: Avoid contact with eyes and open cuts.
	 Keep away from open naked flames -- both old and new.


Roses on your piano isn't nearly as good as tulips on your organ.


No use getting too involved in life --
you're only here for a limited time.


That which is not good for the swarm, neither is it good for the bee.


It was Penguin lust... at its ugliest.


I know you're in search of yourself, I just haven't seen you anywhere.


You know you're in a small town when...
	You don't use turn signals because everybody knows where you're going.
	You're born on June 13 and your family receives gifts from the local
		merchants because you're the first baby of the year.
	Everyone knows whose credit is good, and whose wife isn't.
	You speak to each dog you pass, by name... and he wags his tail.
	You dial the wrong number, and talk for 15 minutes anyway.
	You write a check on the wrong bank and it covers you anyway.


Applause, n.:
	The echo of a platitude from the mouth of a fool.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Time to be aggressive.  Go after a tattooed Virgo.


A lively case was in progress in the District Court at Lick Skillet. Judge
Flannery was presiding, and on the witness stand was Tush Bumpass.
	"From where ah was standin'", drawled Tush, "Ah could see he'd
backed 'er up agin' thet there wall, and ef Ah ever sawed a screwin' match,
thet one wuz!"
	"Mr. Bumpass," the Judge interrupted, "I'd prefer that you not use
the word 'screw' in the courtroom. Say 'intercourse' instead."
	Tush looked puzzled. "Intercourse?  Whut's thet, Judge?"
	His Honor sighed.  "It's a technicality of language that you're
probably not aware of.  Never mind.  Please continue."
	"Well, like ah said, he had 'er shoved up agin' thet wall, an' he
was... uh... intercoursin' 'er, an' he give 'er the crossjostle, the Chicago
Stroke, an' she let out with a holler thet..."
	"One moment," interrupted the Bench. "What is this, ah, Chicago
Stroke, Mr. Bumpass?"
	"Well, thet's a technicality of screwin', Judge, thet you're probably
not aware of!"


What happens to a dream deferred?
Does it dry up
Like a raisin in the sun?
Or fester like a sore --
And then run?
Does it stink like rotten meat?
Or crust and sugar over --
Like a syrupy sweet?

Maybe it just sags
Like a heavy load.

Or does it explode?
		-- Langston Hughes


He's the kind of guy, that, well, if you were ever in a jam he'd
be there... with two slices of bread and some chunky peanut butter.


Mistakes are often the stepping stones to utter failure.


Tertullian was born in Carthage somewhere about 160 A.D.  He was a
pagan, and he abandoned himself to the lascivious life of his city until
about his 35th year, when he became a Christian. [...]  To him is
ascribed the sublime confession: Credo quia absurdum est (I believe
because it is absurd).  This does not altogether accord with historical
fact, for he merely said: "And the Son of God died, which is immediately
credible because it is absurd.  And buried he rose again, which is
certain because it is impossible."  Thanks to the acuteness of his mind,
he saw through the poverty of philosophical and Gnostic knowledge, and
contemptuously rejected it.
		-- Carl G. Jung, "Psychological Types"
		   [Tertullian was one of the founders of the Catholic
		   Church.  Ed.]


	A young man asked his father to lend him $50 for a blowjob,
whereupon his father solemnly replied, "When I was young we used to
settle for a kiss."
	The son retorted, "OK, how about $50 for a long low kiss?"


If you explain so clearly that nobody can misunderstand, somebody
will.


Sed quis custodiet ipsos Custodes?
[Who guards the Guardians?]


Swallow, v.:
	The (blew) bird of birth control.


Sodomy is a pain in the ass.


Second Law of Final Exams:
	In your toughest final -- for the first time all year -- the most
	distractingly attractive student in the class will sit next to you.


Entropy requires no maintenance.
		-- Markoff Chaney


Excerpt from a conversation between a customer support person and a
customer working for a well-known military-affiliated research lab:

Support:  "You're not our only customer, you know."
Customer: "But we're one of the few with tactical nuclear weapons."


QOTD:
	"Her other car is a broom."


The star of that X-rated hit
Plays a nurse with a throat full of clit.
	This serves as a palace
	For each turgid phallus--
Some say that the plot is pure shit.


