Murder is always a mistake -- one should never do anything one cannot
talk about after dinner.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Picture of Dorian Gray"


Democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half
of the people are right more than half of the time.
		-- E. B. White


An American scientist once visited the offices of the great Nobel prize
winning physicist, Niels Bohr, in Copenhagen.  He was amazed to find that
over Bohr's desk was a horseshoe, securely nailed to the wall, with the
open end up in the approved manner (so it would catch the good luck and not
let it spill out).  The American said with a nervous laugh,
	"Surely you don't believe the horseshoe will bring you good luck,
do you, Professor Bohr?  After all, as a scientist --"
Bohr chuckled.
	"I believe no such thing, my good friend.  Not at all.  I am
scarcely likely to believe in such foolish nonsense.  However, I am told
that a horseshoe will bring you good luck whether you believe in it or not."


Proof techniques #1: Proof by Induction.

This technique is used on equations with 'n' in them.  Induction
techniques are very popular, even the military use them.

SAMPLE:  Proof of induction without proof of induction.

	We know it's true for n equal to 1.  Now assume that it's true
for every natural number less than n.  N is arbitrary, so we can take n
as large as we want.  If n is sufficiently large, the case of n+1 is
trivially equivalent, so the only important n are n less than n.  We can
take n = n (from above), so it's true for n+1 because it's just about n.
	QED.	(QED translates from the Latin as "So what?")


Where are the calculations that go with a calculated risk?


Frankfort, Kentucky, makes it against the law to shoot off a
policeman's tie.


We must finish once and for all with the neutrality of chess.  We must
condemn once and for all the formula "chess for the sake of chess," like
the formula "art for art's sake."  We must organize shock-brigades of
chess-players, and begin the immediate realization of a Five-Year Plan
for chess.
		-- Nikolai V. Krylenko, People's Commissar for Justice
		   (of RFSFR, later of USSR), speaking at a 1932 Congress
		   of Chess Players, as quoted in Boris Souvarine's
		   "Stalin," published London, 1939


In English, every word can be verbed.  Would that it were so in our
programming languages.


Let thy maid servant be faithful, strong, and homely.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


I remember Ulysses well...  Left one day for the post office
to mail a letter, met a blonde named Circe on the streetcar,
and didn't come back for 20 years.


That woman speaks eight languages and can't say "no" in any of them.
		-- Dorothy Parker


A hundred years from now it is very likely that [of Twain's works] "The
Jumping Frog" alone will be remembered.
		-- Harry Thurston Peck (Editor of "The Bookman"), January 1901


The meek shall inherit the earth; but by that
time there won't be anything left worth inheriting.


The more I learn about women, the more I love my dog.


Potahto' Pictures Productions Presents:

	THE TATERNATOR: Cyborg spud returns from the future to present-day
McDonald's restaurant to kill the potatoes (girl 'tater) who will give birth
to the world's largest french fry (The Dark Powers of Burger King are clearly
behind this).  Most quotable line: "Ah'll be baked..."

	A FISTFUL OF FRIES: Western in which our hero, The Spud with No Name,
rides into a town that's deprived of carbohydrates thanks to the evil takeover
of the low-cal Scallopinni Brothers.  Plenty of smokeouts, fry-em-ups, and
general butter-melting by all.

	FOR A FEW FRIES MORE: Takes up where AFOF left off!  Cameo by Walter
Cronkite, as every man's common 'tater!


Reality is just a crutch for people who can't handle science fiction.


In war, truth is the first casualty.
		-- U Thant


Boucher's Observation:
	He who blows his own horn always plays the music
	several octaves higher than originally written.


By doing just a little every day, you can
gradually let the task completely overwhelm you.


Higgins:	Doolittle, you're either an honest man or a rogue.
Doolittle:	A little of both, Guv'nor.  Like the rest of us, a
		little of both.
		-- Shaw, "Pygmalion"


In case of atomic attack, all work rules will be temporarily suspended.


May Allah blow sand in your Preparation H.


Raffiniert ist der Herrgott aber boshaft ist er nicht.
		-- Albert Einstein


Once upon a time there was a kingdom ruled by a great bear.  The peasants
were not very rich, and one of the few ways to become at all wealthy was
to become a Royal Knight.  This required an interview with the bear.  If
the bear liked you, you were knighted on the spot.  If not, the bear would
just as likely remove your head with one swat of a paw.  However, the family
of these unfortunate would-be knights was compensated with a beautiful
sheepdog from the royal kennels, which was itself a fairly valuable
possession.  And the moral of the story is:

The mourning after a terrible knight, nothing beats the dog of the bear that
hit you.


If it pours before seven, it has rained by eleven.


brain-damaged, generalization of "Honeywell Brain Damage" (HBD), a
theoretical disease invented to explain certain utter cretinisms in
Multics, adj.:
	Obviously wrong; cretinous; demented.  There is an implication
	that the person responsible must have suffered brain damage,
	because he/she should have known better.  Calling something
	brain-damaged is bad; it also implies it is unusable.


Well, I would -- if they realized that we -- again if -- if we led them
back to that stalemate only because our retaliatory power, our seconds,
or strike at them after our first strike, would be so destructive they
couldn't afford it, that would hold them off.
		-- President Ronald Reagan, on the MX missile


If you can lead it to water and force it to drink, it isn't a horse.


Walking on water wasn't built in a day.
		-- Jack Kerouac


	Grover Cleveland, though constantly at loggerheads with the
Senate, got on better with the House of Representatives.  A popular
story circulating during his presidency concerned the night he was
roused by his wife crying, "Wake up!  I think there are burglars in the
house."
	"No, no, my dear," said the president sleepily, "in the Senate
maybe, but not in the House."


To many, total abstinence is easier than perfect moderation.
		-- St. Augustine


The steady state of disks is full.
		-- Ken Thompson


Sex is low in calories, and *oooh* that aftertaste!


Boston State House is the hub of the Solar System.  You couldn't pry
that out of a Boston man if you had the tire of all creation
straightened out for a crowbar.
		-- O. W. Holmes


Does it rape elephants?
		-- Brent Byer


The giraffe you thought you offended last week is willing to be nuzzled
today.


Don't mind him; politicians always sound like that.


A man needs a mistress, just to break the monogamy.


It's very inconvenient to be mortal -- you never
know when everything may suddenly stop happening.


One doesn't have a sense of humor.  It has you.
		-- Larry Gelbart


TAURUS (Apr 20 - May 20)
	You are practical and persistent.  You have a dogged determination
	and work like hell.  Most people think you are stubborn and bull
	headed.  You are a Communist.


Would you care to drift aimlessly in my direction?


QOTD:
	"If I'm what I eat, I'm a chocolate chip cookie."


To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
		-- Thomas Edison


In my sweet little Alice Blue gown
Was the first time I ever laid down,
	I was both proud and shy
	As he opened his fly
And the moment I saw it I thought I would die.

Oh it hung almost down to the ground,
As it went in I made not a sound,
	The more that he shoved it
	The more that I loved it,
As he came on my Alice Blue gown.


Q:	What do you say to a Puerto Rican in a three-piece suit?
A:	Will the defendant please rise?


A log may float in a river, but that does not make it a crocodile.


Troglodytism does not necessarily imply a low cultural level.


	I went into a bar feeling a little depressed, the bartender said,
"What'll you have, Bud"?
	I said," I don't know, surprise me".
	So he showed me a nude picture of my wife.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


There are four boxes to be used in defense of liberty: soap, ballot,
jury, and ammo. Please use in that order.
		-- Ed Howdershelt


Preudhomme's Law of Window Cleaning:
	It's on the other side.


One thing about the past.
It's likely to last.
		-- Ogden Nash


Evolution is as much a fact as the earth turning on its axis and going around
the sun.  At one time this was called the Copernican theory; but, when
evidence for a theory becomes so overwhelming that no informed person can
doubt it, it is customary for scientists to call it a fact.  That all present
life descended from earlier forms, over vast stretches of geologic time, is
as firmly established as Copernican cosmology.  Biologists differ only with
respect to theories about how the process operates.
		-- Martin Gardner, "Irving Kristol and the Facts of Life"


Sex discriminates against the shy and ugly.


If clear thinking created sparks, we could safely store dynamite in James
Watt's office.
		-- Wayne Shannon


Any problem in computer science can be solved with another layer
of indirection.
		-- David Wheeler


The assertion that "all men are created equal" was of no practical use
in effecting our separation from Great Britain and it was placed in the
Declaration not for that, but for future use.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Baker's First Law of Federal Geometry:
	A block grant is a solid mass of money
	surrounded on all sides by governors.


If you haven't enjoyed the material in the last few lectures then a career
in chartered accountancy beckons.
		-- Advice from the lecturer in the middle of the Stochastic
		   Systems course.


Gentlemen do not read each other's mail.
		-- Secretary of State Henry Stimson, on closing down
		   the Black Chamber, the precursor to the National
		   Security Agency.


The intelligence of any discussion diminishes with the square of the
number of participants.
		-- Adam Walinsky


This file will self-destruct in five minutes.


Everything bows to success, even grammar.


No spitting on the Bus!
Thank you, The Management.


Opiates are the religion of the upper-middle classes.
		-- Debbie VanDam


Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result.
		-- Winston Churchill

Next to being shot at and missed, nothing is really quite as
satisfying as an income tax refund.
		-- F. J. Raymond


One doesn't have a sense of humor.  It has you.
		-- Larry Gelbart


To thine own self be true.
(If not that, at least make some money.)


	THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #8: LAIDBACK

This language was developed at the Marin County Center for T'ai Chi,
Mellowness and Computer Programming (now defunct), as an alternative to
the more intense atmosphere in nearby Silicon Valley.

The center was ideal for programmers who liked to soak in hot tubs
while they worked.  Unfortunately few programmers could survive there
because the center outlawed Pizza and Coca-Cola in favor of Tofu and
Perrier.

Many mourn the demise of LAIDBACK because of its reputation as a gentle
and non-threatening language since all error messages are in lower
case.  For example, LAIDBACK responded to syntax errors with the
message:
	"i hate to bother you, but i just can't relate to that.  can
	you find the time to try it again?"


There is an innocence in admiration; it is found in those to whom it
has not yet occurred that they, too, might be admired some day.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


No matter how old a mother is, she watches her middle-aged children for
signs of improvement.
		-- Florida Scott-Maxwell


I have hardly ever known a mathematician who was capable of reasoning.
		-- Plato


Metermaids eat their young.


It's very inconvenient to be mortal -- you never
know when everything may suddenly stop happening.


The average girl would rather have beauty than brains because she
knows that the average man can see much better than he can think.
		-- Ladies' Home Journal


You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.


Many people are unenthusiastic about your work.


Tri Delts; everyone else has.


I would be batting the big feller if they wasn't ready with the other one,
but a left-hander would be the thing if they wouldn't have knowed it already
because there is more things involved than could come up on the road, even
after we've been home a long while.
		-- Casey Stengel


Marriage causes dating problems.


If God had intended Men to Smoke, He would have put Chimneys in their Heads.


Sex discriminates against the shy and ugly.


H. L. Mencken's Law:
	Those who can -- do.
	Those who can't -- teach.

Martin's Extension:
	Those who cannot teach -- administrate.

		[No, those who can't teach, teach here.  Ed.]


Who will take care of the world after you're gone?


The party adjourned to a hot tub, yes.  Fully clothed, I might add.
		-- IBM employee, testifying in California State Supreme Court


There are three things men can do with women:
love them, suffer for them, or turn them into literature.
		-- Stephen Stills


Shouted Frosty the Snowman "Hooray!
I'm agog with excitement today!
	And the reason of course,
	A reliable source,
Said the snow blower's heading this way!"


All science is either physics or stamp collecting.
		-- Ernest Rutherford


SCORPIO (Oct 23 - Nov 21)
	You are shrewd in business and cannot be trusted.  You will achieve
	the pinnacle of success because of your total lack of ethics.  Most
	Scorpio people are murdered.


Let us live!!!
Let us love!!!
Let us share the deepest secrets of our souls!!!

You first.


FORTUNE TESTS THE GREAT MANAGERS: #3

You have prepared a proposal for your supervisor.  The success of this
proposal will mean increasing your salary 20%.  In the middle of your
proposal your supervisor leans over to look at your report and spits into
your coffee.  You:

	(a)  Tell him you take your coffee black.
	(b)  Ask him if he has any communicable diseases.
	(c)  Show him who's in command; promptly take a piss in his
		"In" basket.
	(d)  Take a sip and comment how much better it tastes.


	A young man asked his father to lend him $50 for a blowjob,
whereupon his father solemnly replied, "When I was young we used to
settle for a kiss."
	The son retorted, "OK, how about $50 for a long low kiss?"


A good reputation is more valuable than money.
		-- Publilius Syrus


If money can't buy happiness, I guess you'll just have to rent it.


Q:	How did you get into artificial intelligence?
A:	Seemed logical -- I didn't have any real intelligence.


Some women achieve greatness, some have greatness thrust into them.


The startling truth finally became apparent, and it was this: Numbers
written on restaurant checks within the confines of restaurants do not
follow the same mathematical laws as numbers written on any other pieces
of paper in any other parts of the Universe.  This single statement took
the scientific world by storm.  So many mathematical conferences got held
in such good restaurants that many of the finest minds of a generation
died of obesity and heart failure, and the science of mathematics was put
back by years.
		-- Douglas Adams, "Life, The Universe and Everything"


Q:	What do you say to a New Yorker with a job?
A:	Big Mac, fries and a Coke, please!


It has been said that Public Relations is the art of winning friends
and getting people under the influence.
		-- Jeremy Tunstall


When you overesteem great hackers,
more users become cretins.
When you develop encryption,
more users become crackers.

The Guru leads
by emptying user's minds
and increasing their quotas,
by weakening their ambition
and toughening their resolve.
When users lack knowledge and desire,
management will not try to interfere.

Practice not-looping,
and everything will fall into place.


Dark and lonely on a summer night
	Kill my landlord,
	Kill my landlord.
The watchdog barkin'
Do he bite?
	Kill my landlord,
	Kill my landlord.
Slip in his window.
Break his neck.
Then his house I start to wreck
Got no reason,
What the heck?
	Kill my landlord,
	Kill my landlord.
	C-I-L-L my landlord!
		-- "Images" by Tyrone Green, SNL


Technological progress has merely provided us
with more efficient means for going backwards.
		-- Aldous Huxley


A definition of teaching: casting fake pearls before real swine.
		-- Bill Cain, "Stand Up Tragedy"


COMPLEX SYSTEM:
	One with real problems and imaginary profits.


Reporter, n.:
	A writer who guesses his way to the truth and dispels it with a
	tempest of words.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


God runs electromagnetics by wave theory on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday,
and the Devil runs them by quantum theory on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday.
		-- William Bragg


Anyone who imagines that all fruits ripen at the same time
as the strawberries, knows nothing about grapes.
		-- Philippus Paracelsus


... difference of opinion is advantageous in religion.  The several sects
perform the office of a common censor morum over each other.  Is uniformity
attainable?  Millions of innocent men, women, and children, since the
introduction of Christianity, have been burnt, tortured, fined, imprisoned;
yet we have not advanced one inch towards uniformity.
		-- Thomas Jefferson, "Notes on Virginia"


QOTD:
	"I am not sure what this is, but an `F' would only dignify it."


Pain is just God's way of hurting you.


Nullum magnum ingenium sine mixtura dementiae fuit.
		-- Seneca


Q:	What do you get when you cross a computer and a JAP?
A:	A computer that won't go down.


Bringing computers into the home won't change
either one, but may revitalize the corner saloon.


Don't eat yellow snow.


For the first time we have a weapon that nobody has used for thirty years.
This gives me great hope for the human race.
		-- Harlan Ellison


Optimist, n.:
	A proponent of the belief that black is white.

	A pessimist asked God for relief.
	"Ah, you wish me to restore your hope and cheerfulness," said God.
	"No," replied the petitioner, "I wish you to create something that
would justify them."
	"The world is all created," said God, "but you have overlooked
something -- the mortality of the optimist."
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


One good turn usually gets most of the blanket.


Leibowitz's Rule:
	When hammering a nail, you will never hit your
	finger if you hold the hammer with both hands.


Moderation is a fatal thing.  Nothing succeeds like excess.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Today is a good day for information-gathering.
Read someone else's mail file.


You will find me drinking gin
In the lowest kind of inn,
Because I am a rigid Vegetarian.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


Arithmetic is being able to count up to twenty without taking off your shoes.
		-- Mickey Mouse


The long-peckered Bey of Algiers
Loved to spear chubby lads in their rears.
	A demon for semen,
	This buffersome he-man
Shot the chute till it seeped from their ears.


Space is big.  You just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly
big it is.  I mean, you may think it's a long way down the road to the
drug store, but that's just peanuts to space.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Whether you can hear it or not
The Universe is laughing behind your back
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


It may or may not be worthwhile, but it still has to be done.


Q:	What do agnostic, insomniac dyslexics do at night?
A:	Stay awake and wonder if there's a dog.


If a man has a strong faith he can indulge in the luxury of skepticism.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


What is the difference between a Turing machine and the modern computer?
It's the same as that between Hillary's ascent of Everest and the
establishment of a Hilton on its peak.


There is always something new out of Africa.
		-- Gaius Plinius Secundus


His designs were strictly honourable, as the phrase is: that is, to rob
a lady of her fortune by way of marriage.
		-- Henry Fielding, "Tom Jones"


Psychology.  Mind over matter.
Mind under matter?  It doesn't matter.
Never mind.


Just a few of the perfect excuses for having some strawberry shortcake.
Pick one.

1:	It's less calories than two pieces of strawberry shortcake.
2:	It's cheaper than going to France.
3:	It neutralizes the brownies I had yesterday.
4:	Life is short.
5:	It's somebody's birthday.  I don't want them to celebrate alone.
6:	It matches my eyes.
7:	Whoever said, "Let them eat cake." must have been talking to me.
8:	To punish myself for eating dessert yesterday.
9:	Compensation for all the time I spend in the shower not eating.
10:	Strawberry shortcake is evil.  I must help rid the world of it.
11:	I'm getting weak from eating all that healthy stuff.
12:	It's the second anniversary of the night I ate plain broccoli.


You get along very well with everyone except animals and people.


If you would know the value of money, go try to borrow some.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Justice always prevails ... three times out of seven!
		-- Michael J. Wagner


I don't want a pickle,
I just wanna ride on my motorcycle.
And I don't want to die,
I just want to ride on my motorcycle.
		-- Arlo Guthrie


If I 'cp /bin/csh /dev/audio' shouldn't I hear the ocean?
		-- Danno Coppock


Strange things are done to be number one
In selling the computer			The Druids were entrepreneurs,
IBM has their strategem			And they built a granite box
Which steadily grows acuter,		It tracked the moon, warned of monsoons,
And Honeywell competes like Hell,	And forecast the equinox
But the story's missing link		Their price was right, their future
Is the system old at Stonemenge sold		bright,
By the firm of Druids, Inc.		The prototype was sold;
					From Stonehenge site their bits and byte
					Would ship for Celtic gold.
The movers came to crate the frame;
It weighed a million ton!
The traffic folk thought it a joke	The man spoke true, and thus to you
(the wagon wheels just spun);		A warning from the ages;
"They'll nay sell that," the foreman	Your stock will slip if you can't ship
	spat,				What's in your brochure's pages.
"Just leave the wild weeds grow;	See if it sells without the bells
"It's Druid-kind, over-designed,	And strings that ring and quiver;
"And belly up they'll go."		Druid repute went down the chute
					Because they couldn't deliver.
		-- Edward C. McManus, "The Computer at Stonehenge"


It is better to have loved and lost -- much better.


Some of the most interesting documents from Sweden's middle ages are the
old county laws (well, we never had counties but it's the nearest equivalent
I can find for "landskap").  These laws were written down sometime in the
13th century, but date back even down into Viking times.  The oldest one is
the Vastgota law which clearly has pagan influences, thinly covered with some
Christian stuff.  In this law, we find a page about "lekare", which is the
Old Norse word for a performing artist, actor/jester/musician etc.  Here is
an approximate translation, where I have written "artist" as equivalent of
"lekare".
	"If an artist is beaten, none shall pay fines for it.  If an artist
	is wounded, one such who goes with hurdie-gurdie or travels with
	fiddle or drum, then the people shall take a wild heifer and bring
	it out on the hillside.  Then they shall shave off all hair from the
	heifer's tail, and grease the tail.  Then the artist shall be given
	newly greased shoes.  Then he shall take hold of the heifer's tail,
	and a man shall strike it with a sharp whip.  If he can hold her, he
	shall have the animal.  If he cannot hold her, he shall endure what
	he received, shame and wounds."


Two wrongs are only the beginning.
		-- Kohn


Corry's Law:
	Paper is always strongest at the perforations.


