Miss Mona:	You know what burns my ass?
Ed Earl:	What?
Miss Mona:	A flame about three feet high!
		-- Dolly Parton and Burt Reynolds,
		   "The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas"


I've got all the money I'll ever need if I die by 4 o'clock.
		-- Henny Youngman


At the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will find
at least two human errors, including the error of blaming it on the computer.


A man always needs to remember one thing about
a beautiful woman.  Somewhere, somebody's tired of her.


If God had wanted you to go around nude,
He would have given you bigger hands.


In Pocataligo, Georgia, it is a violation for a woman over 200 pounds
and attired in shorts to pilot or ride in an airplane.


	A domineering man married a mere wisp of a girl.  He came back from
his honeymoon a chastened man.  He'd become aware of the will of the wisp.


If you want divine justice, die.
		-- Nick Seldon


What is food to one, is to others bitter poison.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


...an experienced, industrious, ambitious, and quite often
picturesque liar.
		-- Mark Twain


Research is the best place to be: you work your buns off, and if it works
you're a hero; if it doesn't, well -- nobody else has done it yet either,
so you're still a valiant nerd.


Experience is not what happens to you;
it is what you do with what happens to you.
		-- Aldous Huxley


If you do not think about the future, you cannot have one.
		-- John Galsworthy


Safety Tips for the Post-Nuclear Existence
	Tip #1: How to tell when you are dead.

	1. Little things start bothering you:  little things like worms,
		bugs, ants.
	2. Something is missing in your personal relationships.
	3. Your dog becomes overly affectionate.
	4. You have a hard time getting a waiter.
	5. Exotic birds flock around you.
	6. People ignore you at parties.
	7. You have a hard time getting up in the morning.
	8. You no longer get off on cocaine.


Scotty:	Captain, we din' can reference it!
Kirk:	Analysis, Mr. Spock?
Spock:	Captain, it doesn't appear in the symbol table.
Kirk:	Then it's of external origin?
Spock:	Affirmative.
Kirk:	Mr. Sulu, go to pass two.
Sulu:	Aye aye, sir, going to pass two.


Bizoos, n.:
	The millions of tiny individual bumps that make up a
	basketball.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


"Creation science" has not entered the curriculum for a reason so simple
and so basic that we often forget to mention it: because it is false, and
because good teachers understand exactly why it is false.  What could be
more destructive of that most fragile yet most precious commodity in our
entire intellectual heritage -- good teaching -- than a bill forcing
honorable teachers to sully their sacred trust by granting equal treatment
to a doctrine not only known to be false, but calculated to undermine any
general understanding of science as an enterprise?
		-- Stephen Jay Gould, "The Skeptical Inquirer"


Linus:	I guess it's wrong always to be worrying about tomorrow.
	Maybe we should think only about today.
Charlie Brown:
	No, that's giving up.  I'm still hoping that yesterday
	will get better.


The ripest fruit falls first.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"


The Crown is full of it!
		-- Nate Harris, 1775


The easy confidence with which I know another man's religion is folly
teaches me to suspect that my own is also.

I would not interfere with any one's religion, either to strengthen it
or to weaken it.  I am not able to believe one's religion can affect his
hereafter one way or the other, no matter what that religion may be.
But it may easily be a great comfort to him in this life -- hence it is a
valuable possession to him.

I do not see how eternal punishment hereafter could accomplish any good
end, therefore I am not able to believe in it. To chasten a man in order
to perfect him might be reasonable enough; to annihilate him when he shall
have proved himself incapable of reaching perfection might be reasonable
enough; but to roast him forever for the mere satisfaction of seeing him
roast would not be reasonable -- even the atrocious God imagined by the Jews
would tire of the spectacle eventually.
		-- Mark Twain


Come quickly, I am tasting stars!
		-- Dom Perignon, upon discovering champagne


I've had a perfectly wonderful evening.  But this wasn't it.
		-- Groucho Marx


The Moving Finger writes; and, having writ,
	Moves on: nor all they Piety nor Wit
Shall lure it back to cancel half a Line,
	Nor all thy Tears wash out a Word of it.


I knew one thing: as soon as anyone said you didn't need a gun, you'd better
take one along that worked.
		-- Raymond Chandler


Here comes the orator, with his flood of words and his drop of reason.


	People who write position papers often find themselves in an
enviable position.  They are hired to write papers for both sides of the
position.
	A good position paper will have many words in it like
"superincumbence," "egress," and "plurification."
	You will not often find the phrase "lightweight dropcase
limp-wristed motherfucker" in a serious position paper.
	Charts and multiplication tables should always be included in
position papers.  They should look complicated enough to make Albert
Einstein stagger across the room for a Tylenol.
	A good position paper will never underestimate the value of a
semicolon.
		-- Dan Jenkins, "Baja Oklahoma"


The first and almost the only Book deserving of universal attention is
the Bible.
		-- John Quincy Adams

All the good from the Saviour of the world is communicated through this Book;
but for the Book we could not know right from wrong.  All the things desirable
to man are contained in it.
		-- Abraham Lincoln

... the Bible ... is the one supreme source of revelation of the meaning of
life, the nature of God and spiritual nature and need of men.  It is the only
guide of life which really leads the spirit in the way of peace and salvation.
		-- Woodrow Wilson


Zero Defects, n.:
	The result of shutting down a production line.


Term, holidays, term, holidays, till we leave
school, and then work, work, work till we die.
		-- C. S. Lewis


The moyel who treated young Alec
Was cross-eyed and hydrocephalic.
	Presented the child
	His aim was so wild
He rendered the poor boy biphallic.


Just a song before I go,		Going through security
To whom it may concern,			I held her for so long.
Traveling twice the speed of sound	She finally looked at me in love,
It's easy to get burned.		And she was gone.
When the shows were over		Just a song before I go,
We had to get back home,		A lesson to be learned.
And when we opened up the door		Traveling twice the speed of sound
I had to be alone.			It's easy to get burned.
She helped me with my suitcase,
She stands before my eyes,
Driving me to the airport
And to the friendly skies.
		-- Crosby, Stills, Nash, "Just a Song Before I Go"


A man needs a mistress, just to break the monogamy.


In /users3 did Kubla Kahn
A stately pleasure dome decree,
Where /bin, the sacred river ran
Through Test Suites measureless to Man
Down to a sunless C.


"Home, Sweet Home" must surely have been written by a bachelor.
		-- Samuel Butler


Rune's Rule:
	If you don't care where you are, you ain't lost.


Having discovered the possibility that other creatures could be used
for sexual intercourse, early man was likely to have made many such
attempts ... though it is doubtful that he was so sexually carnivorous
as the Christian and Jewish Adam, who, rabbinical interpreters of the
Old Testament tell us, had intercourse with every creature before God
finally hit upon the idea of woman and created Eve.
		-- R. E. Masters


Hear about...
	the fellow who chased his girlfriend up a tree and kissed
	her between the limbs?


	The only real game in the world, I think, is baseball...
You've got to start way down, at the bottom, when you're six or seven years
old. You can't wait until you're fifteen or sixteen.  You've got to let it
grow up with you, and if you're successful and you try hard enough, you're
bound to come out on top, just like these boys have come to the top now.
		-- Babe Ruth, in his 1948 farewell speech at Yankee Stadium


An apple every eight hours will keep three doctors away.


If someone were to ask me for a short cut to sensuality, I would
suggest he go shopping for a used 427 Shelby-Cobra.  But it is only
fair to warn you that of the 300 guys who switched to them in 1966,
only two went back to women.
		-- Mort Sahl


			It's grad exam time...
MEDICINE
	You have been provided with a razor blade, a piece of gauze, and a
bottle of Scotch.  Remove your appendix.  Do not suture until your work has
been inspected.  (You have 15 minutes.)

HISTORY
	Describe the history of the papacy from its origins to the present
day, concentrating especially, but not exclusively, on its social, political,
economic, religious and philosophical impact upon Europe, Asia, America, and
Africa.  Be brief, concise, and specific.

BIOLOGY
	Create life.  Estimate the differences in subsequent human culture
if this form of life had been created 500 million years ago or earlier, with
special attention to its probable effect on the English parliamentary system.


Support your local church or synagogue.
Worship at Bank of America.


Bi now, gay later!


I guess the Little League is even littler than we thought.
		-- D. Cavett


One hundred and one uses for canned peaches.
One hundred and two if you plan to eat them.


When license fees are too high,
users do things by hand.
When the management is too intrusive,
users lose their spirit.

Hack for the user's benefit.
Trust them; leave them alone.


Workers of the world, arise!  You have nothing to lose but your
chairs.


TOO BAD YOU CAN'T BUY a voodoo globe so that you could make the earth spin
real fast and freak everybody out.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Pushing 30 is exercise enough.


Q:	How can you tell when a WASP is sexually aroused?
A:	By the stiff upper lip.


An evil mind is a great comfort.


My brain is my second favorite organ.
		-- Woody Allen


White House carpenters have reworked the master bedroom, remodeling it
so that Ronnie can sleep with his head in the hall.  That way, by the
time he wakes up, somebody will have already shined his hair.


There's such a thing as too much point on a pencil.
		-- H. Allen Smith, "Let the Crabgrass Grow"


This ae nighte, this ae nighte,
Everye nighte and alle,
Fire and sleet and candlelyte,
And Christe receive thy saule.
		-- The Lykewake Dirge


Couples in motion have moments.


Real programmers don't write in FORTRAN.  FORTRAN is for pipe stress
freaks and crystallography weenies.  FORTRAN is for wimp engineers who
wear white socks.


... so long as the people do not care to exercise their freedom, those
who wish to tyrannize will do so; for tyrants are active and ardent,
and will devote themselves in the name of any number of gods, religious
and otherwise, to put shackles upon sleeping men.
		-- Voltarine de Cleyre


It's never too late to have a happy childhood.


In the course of reading Hadamard's "The Psychology of Invention in the
Mathematical Field", I have come across evidence supporting a fact
which we coffee achievers have long appreciated:  no really creative,
intelligent thought is possible without a good cup of coffee.  On page
14, Hadamard is discussing Poincare's theory of fuchsian groups and
fuchsian functions, which he describes as "... one of his greatest
discoveries, the first which consecrated his glory ..."  Hadamard refers
to Poincare having had a "... sleepless night which initiated all that
memorable work ..." and gives the following, very revealing quote:

	"One evening, contrary to my custom, I drank black coffee and
	could not sleep.  Ideas rose in crowds;  I felt them collide
	until pairs interlocked, so to speak, making a stable
	combination."

Too bad drinking black coffee was contrary to his custom.  Maybe he
could really have amounted to something as a coffee achiever.


Her brother, a bastard named Ben,
Could rotate his pecker, and then
	He would shoot through his rear
	Which made him dear
Of the girls, and the envy of men.


Q:	Why don't lawyers go to the beach?
A:	The cats keep trying to bury them.


Have no friends not equal to yourself.
		-- Confucius


I must Create a System, or be enslav'd by another Man's;
I will not Reason and Compare; my business is to Create.
		-- William Blake, "Jerusalem"


QOTD:
	"I ain't broke, but I'm badly bent."


Do not handicap your children by making their lives easy.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


Protozoa are small, and bacteria are small, but viruses are smaller
than the both put together.


I would much rather have men ask why
I have no statue, than why I have one.
		-- Marcus Porcius Cato


If your aim in life is nothing; you can't miss.


Yeah, if it looks like a duck, and walks like
a duck, and quacks like a duck -- shoot it.


Yeah, that's me, Tracer Bullet.  I've got eight slugs in me.  One's lead,
the rest bourbon.  The drink packs a wallop, and I pack a revolver.  I'm
a private eye.
		-- Calvin


Work without a vision is slavery,
Vision without work is a pipe dream,
But vision with work is the hope of the world.


Every path has its puddle.


Q:	What do monsters eat?
A:	Things.

Q:	What do monsters drink?
A:	Coke.  (Because Things go better with Coke.)


Q:	What's the difference between hard and dark?
A:	It stays dark all night.


If he had only learnt a little less, how
infinitely better he might have taught much more!


"Rights" is a fictional abstraction.  No one has "Rights", neither
machines nor flesh-and-blood.  Persons... have opportunities, not
rights, which they use or do not use.
		-- Lazarus Long


	Bubba, Jim Bob, and Leroy were fishing out on the lake last November,
and, when Bubba tipped his head back to empty the Jim Beam, he fell out of the
boat into the lake.  Jim Bob and Leroy pulled him back in, but as Bubba didn't
look too good, they started up the Evinrude and headed back to the pier.
	By the time they got there, Bubba was turning kind of blue, and his
teeth were chattering like all get out.  Jim Bob said, "Leroy, go run up to
the pickup and get Doc Pritchard on the CB, and ask him what we should do".
	Doc Pritchard, after hearing a description of the case, said "Now,
Leroy, listen closely.  Bubba is in great danger.  He has hy-po-thermia.  Now
what you need to do is get all them wet clothes off of Bubba, and take your
clothes off, and pile your clothes and jackets on top of him.  Then you all
get under that pile, and hug up to Bubba real close so that you warm him up.
You understand me Leroy?  You gotta warm Bubba up, or he'll die."
	Leroy and the Doc 10-4'ed each other, and Leroy came back to the
pier.  "Wh-Wh-What'd th-th-the d-d-doc s-s-say L-L-Leroy?", Bubba chattered.
	"Bubba, Doc says you're gonna die."


The hardest thing is to disguise your feelings when
you put a lot of relatives on the train for home.


I have never seen anything fill up a vacuum so fast and still suck.
		-- Rob Pike, on X

Steve Jobs said two years ago that X is brain-damaged and it will be
gone in two years.  He was half right.
		-- Dennis M. Ritchie

Dennis Ritchie is twice as bright as Steve Jobs, and only half wrong.
		-- Jim Gettys


Oh, my friend, it is not what they take away from you that counts --
it's what you do with what you have left.
		-- Hubert H. Humphrey


Any philosophy that can be put in a nutshell belongs there.
		-- Sydney J. Harris


Everything takes longer, costs more, and is less useful.
		-- Erwin Tomash


He is a man capable of turning any colour into grey.
		-- John LeCarre


	There was once a programmer who worked upon microprocessors.  "Look at
how well off I am here," he said to a mainframe programmer who came to visit,
"I have my own operating system and file storage device.  I do not have to
share my resources with anyone.  The software is self-consistent and
easy-to-use.  Why do you not quit your present job and join me here?"
	The mainframe programmer then began to describe his system to his
friend, saying: "The mainframe sits like an ancient sage meditating in the
midst of the data center.  Its disk drives lie end-to-end like a great ocean
of machinery.  The software is a multi-faceted as a diamond and as convoluted
as a primeval jungle.  The programs, each unique, move through the system
like a swift-flowing river.  That is why I am happy where I am."
	The microcomputer programmer, upon hearing this, fell silent.  But the
two programmers remained friends until the end of their days.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


There is a new anti-communist organization that advocates the use of
wooden toilet seats.

It's called the Birch John Society.


The second best policy is dishonesty.


Kettering's Observation:
	Logic is an organized way of going wrong with confidence.


The Great Movie Posters:

They hungered for her treasure!  And died for her pleasure!
SEE Man-Fish Battle Shark-Man-Killer!
		-- The Golden Mistress (1954)

See Jane Russell in 3-D; She'll Knock Both Your Eyes Out!
		-- The French Line (1954)

See Jane Russell Shake Her Tambourines... and Drive Cornel WILDE!
		-- Hot Blood (1956)


PLUG IT IN!!!


I have more hit points that you can possible imagine.


What foods these morsels be!


What garlic is to food, insanity is to art.


U.S. of A.:
	"Don't speak to the bus driver."
Germany:
	"It is strictly forbidden for passengers to speak to the driver."
England:
	"You are requested to refrain from speaking to the driver."
Scotland:
	"What have you got to gain by speaking to the driver?"
Italy:
	"Don't answer the driver."


	Reporters like Bill Greider from the Washington Post and Him
Naughton of the New York Times, for instance, had to file long, detailed,
and relatively complex stories every day -- while my own deadline fell
every two weeks -- but neither of them ever seemed in a hurry about
getting their work done, and from time to time they would try to console
me about the terrible pressure I always seemed to be laboring under.
	Any $100-an-hour psychiatrist could probably explain this problem
to me, in thirteen or fourteen sessions, but I don't have time for that.
No doubt it has something to do with a deep-seated personality defect, or
maybe a kink in whatever blood vessel leads into the pineal gland...  On
the other hand, it might be something as simple & basically perverse as
whatever instinct it is that causes a jackrabbit to wait until the last
possible second to dart across the road in front of a speeding car.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing:
		   On the Campaign Trail"


If this is timesharing, give me my share right now.
It's not time yet.


My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior
spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive
with our frail and feeble mind.
		-- Albert Einstein


God is an atheist.


One possible reason that things aren't going according to plan
is that there never was a plan in the first place.


Houston, Tranquillity Base here.  The Eagle has landed.
		-- Neil Armstrong


If the rich could pay the poor to die for them,
what a living the poor could make!


Mos Eisley Spaceport; you'll not find a more
wretched collection of villainy and disreputable types...
		-- Obi-wan Kenobi, "Star Wars"


A cloud does not know why it moves in just such a direction and at such
a speed, if feels an impulsion... this is the place to go now.  But the
sky knows the reasons and the patterns behind all clouds, and you will
know, too, when you lift yourself high enough to see beyond horizons.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


An idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it.


You're always thinking you're gonna be
the one that makes 'em act different.
		-- Woody Allen, "Manhattan"


There's more than one way to skin a cat:
	#15 -- Krazy Glue and a toothbrush.


Many are called, few are chosen.
Fewer still get to do the choosing.


Real computer scientists admire ADA for its overwhelming aesthetic
value but they find it difficult to actually program in it, as it is
much too large to implement.  Most computer scientists don't notice
this because they are still arguing over what else to add to ADA.


Impotent loser, n.:
	Someone who can't even get his hopes up.


Peterson's Admonition:
	When you think you're going down for the third time --
	just remember that you may have counted wrong.


There are two kinds of solar-heat systems: "passive" systems collect
the sunlight that hits your home, and "active" systems collect the
sunlight that hits your neighbors' homes, too.
		-- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"


A jug of wine, a bowl of rice with it;
Earthen vessels
Simply handed in through the window.
There is certainly no blame in this.


Yes me, I got a bottle in front of me.
And Jimmy has a frontal lobotomy.
Just different ways to kill the pain the same.
But I'd rather have a bottle in front of me,
Than to have to have a frontal lobotomy.
I might be drunk but at least I'm not insane.
		-- Randy Ansley M.D. (Dr. Rock)


What!?  Me worry?
		-- A. E. Neuman


Hit them biscuits with another touch of gravy,
Burn that sausage just a match or two more done.
Pour my black old coffee longer,
While that smell is gettin' stronger
A semi-meal ain't nuthin' much to want.

Loan me ten, I got a feelin' it'll save me,
With an ornery soul who don't shoot pool for fun,
If that coat'll fit you're wearin',
The Lord'll bless your sharin'
A semi-friend ain't nuthin' much to want.

And let me halfway fall in love,
For part of a lonely night,
With a semi-pretty woman in my arms.
Yes, I could halfway fall in deep--
Into a snugglin', lovin' heap,
With a semi-pretty woman in my arms.
		-- Elroy Blunt


According to my best recollection, I don't remember.
		-- Vincent "Jimmy Blue Eyes" Alo


That feeling just came over me.
		-- Albert DeSalvo, the "Boston Strangler"


We are each only one drop in a great
ocean -- but some of the drops sparkle!


Mr. Rockford?  You don't know me, but I'd like to hire you.  Could
you call me at...  My name is... uh...  Never mind, forget it!


Pick another fortune cookie.


Where do I find the time for not reading so many books?
		-- Karl Kraus


When in doubt, tell the truth.
		-- Mark Twain


Yawd [noun, Bostonese]:  the campus of Have Id.
		-- Webster's Unafraid Dictionary


Fast ship?  You mean you've never heard of the Millennium Falcon?
		-- Han Solo


The time has come for kicking ass and taking names.


Diplomacy is about surviving until the next century.
Politics is about surviving until Friday afternoon.
		-- Sir Humphrey Appleby


My wife has breast cancer.  She told me to start dating.
		-- Howard Stern


Think big.
Pollute the Mississippi.


Girls are better looking in snowstorms.
		-- Archie Goodwin


Two percent of zero is almost nothing.


Come on, Virginia, don't make me wait!
Catholic girls start much too late,
Ah, but sooner or later, it comes down to fate,
I might as well be the one.
Well, they showed you a statue, told you to pray,
Built you a temple and locked you away,
Ah, but they never told you the price that you paid,
The things that you might have done.
So come on, Virginia, show me a sign,
Send up a signal, I'll throw you a line,
That stained glass curtain that you're hiding behind,
Never lets in the sun.
Darling, only the good die young!
		-- Billy Joel, "Only The Good Die Young"


Reliable source, n.:
	The guy you just met.


Love is a grave mental disease.
		-- Plato


Whatever occurs from love is always beyond good and evil.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


"It could be that Walter's horse has wings" does not imply that there is
any such animal as Walter's horse, only that there could be; but "Walter's
horse is a thing which could have wings" does imply Walter's horse's
existence.  But the conjunction "Walter's horse exists, and it could be
that Walter's horse has wings" still does not imply "Walter's horse is a
thing that could have wings", for perhaps it can only be that Walter's
horse has wings by Walter having a different horse.  Nor does "Walter's
horse is a thing which could have wings" conversely imply "It could be that
Walter's horse has wings"; for it might be that Walter's horse could only
have wings by not being Walter's horse.

I would deny, though, that the formula [Necessarily if some x has property P
then some x has property P] expresses a logical law, since P(x) could stand
for, let us say "x is a better logician than I am", and the statement "It is
necessary that if someone is a better logician than I am then someone is a
better logician than I am" is false because there need not have been any me.
		-- A. N. Prior, "Time and Modality"


You see things; and you say "Why?"
But I dream things that never were; and I say "Why not?"
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "Back to Methuselah"
		   [No, it wasn't John F. Kennedy.  Ed.]


Robustness, adj.:
	Never having to say you're sorry.


You will be the victim of a bizarre joke.


Q:	Why do mountain climbers rope themselves together?
A:	To prevent the sensible ones from going home.


...eighty years later he could still recall with the young pang of his
original joy his falling in love with Ada.
		-- Nabokov


The most dangerous organization in America today is:

	a) The KKK
	b) The American Nazi Party
	c) The Delta Frequent Flyer Club


Matrimony isn't a word, it's a sentence.


I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
		-- William Allen White


God help those who do not help themselves.
		-- Wilson Mizner


