Cut a man's hand when you fight him.  He'll freeze, fascinated by the sight
of his own blood.  That's when you stick him in the throat.
		-- Gerry Youghkins

If you look rather casual with the knife when you flick it open, people
don't like it.
		-- Gerry Youghkins


The proof that IBM didn't invent the car is that it has a steering wheel
and an accelerator instead of spurs and ropes, to be compatible with a
horse.
		-- Jac Goudsmit


An 11 is a 10 who doesn't have headaches.


If a guru falls in the forest with no one to hear him, was he
really a guru at all?
		-- Strange de Jim, "The Metasexuals"


The trouble with incest is that it gets you involved with relatives.
		-- George S. Kaufman


The Modelski Chain Rule:
1:	Look intently at the problem for several minutes.  Scratch your
	head at 20-30 second intervals.  Try solving the problem on your
	Hewlett-Packard.
2:	Failing this, look around at the class.  Select a particularly
	bright-looking individual.
3:	Procure a large chain.
4:	Walk over to the selected student and threaten to beat him severely
	with the chain unless he gives you the answer to the problem.
	Generally, he will.  It may also be a good idea to give him a sound
	thrashing anyway, just to show you mean business.


A Riverside, California, health ordinance states that two persons may
not kiss each other without first wiping their lips with carbolized
rosewater.


The real man's Bloody Mary:
	Ingredients: vodka, tomato juice, Tabasco, Worcestershire
	sauce, A-1 steak sauce, ice, salt, pepper, celery.

	Fill a large tumbler with vodka.
	Throw all the other ingredients away.


A toast to the kisses you've snatched and vice-versa.


We are not alone.


Ships are safe in harbor, but they were never meant to stay there.


He had that rare weird electricity about him -- that extremely wild
and heavy presence that you only see in a person who has abandoned
all hope of ever behaving "normally."
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing '72"


Keep on keepin' on.


LOVE:
	When, if asked to choose between your lover
	and happiness, you'd skip happiness in a heartbeat.


If ever the pleasure of one has to be bought by the pain of the other,
there better be no trade. A trade by which one gains and the other loses
is a fraud.
		-- Dagny Taggart, "Atlas Shrugged"


Democracy, n.:
	In which you say what you like and do what you're told.
		-- Gerald Barry

The difference between a Democracy and a Dictatorship is that in a
Democracy you vote first and take orders later; in a Dictatorship
you don't have to waste your time voting.
		-- Charles Bukowski


Chicago, n.:
	Where the dead still vote ... early and often!


What foods these morsels be!


In charity there is no excess.
		-- Francis Bacon


When forecasting, give them a number
or give them a date, but never both.


Life is like an onion: you peel off layer after
layer and then you find there is nothing in it.
		-- James Huneker


"My trip? It was vile. Balaclava
I loathed.  Etna was crawling with lava.
	The ship was all white
	But it creaked in the night,
And the band, they did not know la java."
		-- Edward Gorey


Who does not love wine, women, and song,
Remains a fool his whole life long.
		-- Johann Heinrich Voss


Finding out what goes on in the C.I.A. is like performing acupuncture
on a rock.
		-- New York Times, Jan. 20, 1981


Two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.


There's no use in having a dog and doing your own barking.


Tonight's the night:  Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.


A person forgives only when they are in the wrong.


Remember that there is an outside world to see and enjoy.
		-- Hans Liepmann


I either want less decadence or more chance to participate in it.


Well, see, Joyce, there we were, trapped in the elevator.  Now, I had
my tennis racquet and the goldfish; she was holding the Crisco.  Surely
you can imagine how one thing naturally led to another!


	"How did you spend the weekend?" asked the pretty brunette secretary
of her blonde companion.
	"Fishing through the ice," she replied.
	"Fishing through the ice?  Whatever for?"
	"Olives."


Hard, adj.:
	The quality of your own data; also how it is to believe those
	of other people.


I would not like to be a political leader in Russia.  They never know when
they're being taped.
		-- Richard M. Nixon

I love America.  You always hurt the one you love.
		-- David Frye impersonating Nixon


Operator, please trace this call and tell me where I am.


A bachelor is a man who never made the same mistake once.


How doth the little crocodile
	Improve his shining tail,
And pour the waters of the Nile
	On every golden scale!

How cheerfully he seems to grin,
	How neatly spreads his claws,
And welcomes little fishes in,
	With gently smiling jaws!
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


I have a dog; I named him Stay.  So when I'd go to call him, I'd say, "Here,
Stay, here..." but he got wise to that.  Now when I call him he ignores me
and just keeps on typing.
		-- Steven Wright


It is illegal to say "Oh, Boy" in Jonesboro, Georgia.


Learned men are the cisterns of knowledge, not the fountainheads.


Here at the Phone Company, we serve all kinds of people;
from Presidents and Kings to the scum of the earth...


ONE SIZE FITS ALL:
	Doesn't fit anyone.


A young New York housewife was shocked by some of the language used by her
daughter.  When asked about it, the daughter said she had learned it from
a small girl she played with in the park.  The next day, the mother sought
out the little girl as she played in the park.  "Are you the little girl
who uses bad words?"
	"Who told you?"
	"A little bird," answered the mother.
	"Well, I like that!" exclaimed the small girl.  "And I've been
feeding the little bastards, too!"


Much as they like to persuade us differently, lawyers are simply hired
consultants, and at some point you time them out.
		-- Craig Partridge


Don't see 'em this big out here, do they?
		-- Lyndon B. Johnson, exposing himself to reporters
		   in a public toilet during a tour of the Far East


QOTD:
	"Let's do it."
		-- Gary Gilmore, to his firing squad


You'd like to do it instantaneously, but that's too slow.


news: gotcha


Once, I read that a man be never stronger
than when he truly realizes how weak he is.
		-- Jim Starlin, "Captain Marvel #31"


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #15

	"Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses."
	And while you're at it, throw in a couple of those Dallas
	Cowboy cheerleaders.


	"Sheriff, we gotta catch Black Bart."
	"Oh, yeah?  What's he look like?"
	"Well, he's wearin' a paper hat, a paper shirt, paper pants and
paper boots."
	"What's he wanted for?"
	"Rustling."


Hear about...
	the frustrated musician who worked all week on an arrangement and
	then his wife didn't leave town?


Cox's philosophy:
	Life's a bitch, then you die.


Go 'way!  You're bothering me!


Nuke the unborn gay female whales for Jesus.


Be careful what you set your heart on -- for it will surely be yours.
		-- James Baldwin, "Nobody Knows My Name"


I know on which side my bread is buttered.
		-- John Heywood


Handshaking protocol, n.:
	A process employed by hostile hardware devices to initiate a
	terse but civil dialogue, which, in turn, is characterized by
	occasional misunderstanding, sulking, and name-calling.


Stenderup's Law:
	The sooner you fall behind, the more time you will have to catch up.


I believe in sex and death -- two experiences that come once in a lifetime.
		-- Woody Allen


Cats are intended to teach us that not everything in nature has a function.
		-- Garrison Keillor


Above all else - sky.


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #12

	Those who can, do.  Those who can't, write the instructions.


Enjoy yourself while you're still old.


POSITIVE:
	Being mistaken at the top of your voice.


FORTRAN is the language of Powerful Computers.
		-- Steven Feiner


Virgin, n.:
	An ugly third grader.


Every silver lining has a cloud around it.


Rugby, n.:
	A sport requiring leather balls.


Leveraging always beats prototyping.


Five-foot nine, eyes that shine
He was born in Palestine
Has anybody seen my Lord?

He's so cool, he's so fine
Eat his bread and drink his wine
Has anybody seen my Lord?

He's so neat, he's so cool,
Walks across my swimming pool.
Has anybody...


Little Known Facts, #23:
	Did you know... that if you dial 911 in Los Angeles you get
	the BMW repair garage?


Accept people for what they are -- completely unacceptable.


He thought of Musashi, the Sword Saint, standing in his garden more than
three hundred years ago. "What is the 'Body of a rock'?" he was asked.
In answer, Musashi summoned a pupil of his and bid him kill himself by
slashing his abdomen with a knife.  Just as the pupil was about to comply,
the Master stayed his hand, saying, "That is the 'Body of a rock'."
		-- Eric Van Lustbader


Delay not, Caesar.  Read it instantly.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar" 3,1

Here is a letter, read it at your leisure.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Merchant of Venice" 5,1

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to I/O system services.]


If I love you, what business is it of yours?
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Celestial navigation is based on the premise that the Earth is the center
of the universe.  The premise is wrong, but the navigation works.  An
incorrect model can be a useful tool.
		-- Kelvin Throop III


When the ax entered the forest, the trees said, "The handle is one of us!"
		-- Turkish proverb


Barometer, n.:
	An ingenious instrument which indicates
	what kind of weather we are having.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


There is nothing as overrated as a bad
lay, or as underrated as a great shit.


Horner's Five Thumb Postulate:
	Experience varies directly with equipment ruined.


O imitators, you slavish herd!
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Real Users never use the Help key.


Ass, grass or gas... nobody rides for free!


I would rather say that a desire to drive fast
sports cars is what sets man apart from the animals.


THE MX IS GOOD FOR THE ECONOMY.  One important reason we have a Defense
Department is that when we give it money, it spends it, which creates
jobs, whereas if we left the money in the hands of civilians, we don't
know what they'd do with it.  Probably put it in open trenches and set
it on fire.  The MX will create an especially large number of jobs
because of the number of warheads it carries.  It carries a total of 10
warheads.  This creates a great deal of employment, because you have
your Warhead Makers, your Warhead Lifters, your Persons Who Tap the
Warheads Gently with Rubber Mallets to Wedge Them All Snugly Into the
Nose Cone, your Persons Who Just Walk Around Playing Soothing Cassettes
by Recording Artists such as Perry Como So We Don't Have Any More
Episodes Where a Worker Who is Experiencing Some Strain Sticks a
Warhead in the Employee Cafeteria Microwave and Sets It On Roast, etc.
We are talking about a lot of jobs.
		-- Dave Barry, "At Last, the Ultimate Deterrent Against
		   Political Fallout"


Woman, n.:
	An animal usually living in the vicinity of Man, and
	having a rudimentary susceptibility to domestication.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


They don't suffer.  They can't even speak English.
		-- George F. Baer, answering a reporter's
		   question about the suffering of starving miners.


BALLISTOPHOBIA:
	Fear of bullets;
OTOPHOBIA:
	Fear of opening one's eyes.
PECCATOPHOBIA:
	Fear of sinning.
TAPHEPHOBIA:
	Fear of being buried alive.
SITOPHOBIA:
	Fear of food.
TRICHOPHOBIA:
	Fear of hair.
VESTIPHOBIA:
	Fear of clothing.


Hear about...
	the recent cigarette survey that disclosed that 99% of the
	men who have tried Camels have gone back to women?


An Ada exception is when a routine gets
in trouble and says "Beam me up, Scotty."


Seems this guy showed up at a party, and all of his friends jumped for
Joy.  But she sidestepped, and they missed.


The philosopher's treatment of a question
is like the treatment of an illness.
		-- Wittgenstein


The average Ph.D thesis is nothing but the transference of bones from
one graveyard to another.
		-- J. Frank Dobie, "A Texan in England"


There is no such thing as inner peace.  There is only nervousness or death.
Any attempt to prove otherwise constitutes unacceptable behaviour.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"


Rule #7: Silence is not acquiescence.
	Contrary to what you may have heard, silence of those present is
not necessarily consent, even the reluctant variety.  They simply may
sit in stunned silence and figure ways of sabotaging the plan after they
regain their composure.


To a Californian, all New Yorkers are cold; even in heat they rarely go
above fifty-eight degrees.  If you collapse on a street in New York, plan
to spend a few days there.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


You are a fluke of the universe; you have no right to be here.


We all like praise, but a hike in our pay is the best kind of ways.


You are now in Atlanta, Georgia.
Please set your clocks back 200 years.


As an adolescent I aspired to lasting fame, I craved factual certainty, and
I thirsted for a meaningful vision of human life -- so I became a scientist.
This is like becoming an archbishop so you can meet girls.
		-- Matt Cartmill


Dogs just don't seem to be able to tell the difference between important people
and the rest of us.


The shortest distance between any two puns is a straight line.


Nobody ever ruined their eyesight by looking at the bright side of something.


In Xanadu did Kubla Khan
A stately pleasure dome decree:
Where Alph, the sacred river, ran
Through caverns measureless to man
Down to a sunless sea.
So twice five miles of fertile ground
With walls and towers were girdled round:
And there were gardens bright with sinuous rills,
Where blossomed many an incense-bearing tree;
And here were forest ancient as the hills,
Enfolding sunny spots of greenery.
		-- Samuel T. Coleridge, "Kubla Kahn"


Rube Walker: "Hey, Yogi, what time is it?"
Yogi Berra:  "You mean now?"


He who foresees calamities suffers them twice over.


On the breast of a lady named Gail,
Was tattooed the price of her tail.
	And on her behind,
	For the sake of the blind,
Was the same information -- in Braille.


A programmer is a person who passes as an exacting expert on the basis of
being able to turn out, after innumerable punching, an infinite series of
incomprehensible answers calculated with micrometric precisions from vague
assumptions based on debatable figures taken from inconclusive documents
and carried out on instruments of problematical accuracy by persons of
dubious reliability and questionable mentality for the avowed purpose of
annoying and confounding a hopelessly defenseless department that was
unfortunate enough to ask for the information in the first place.
		-- IEEE Grid newsmagazine


The better part of valor is discretion.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


You will be the victim of a bizarre joke.


The Dowager Duchess of Spout
Collapsed at the height of a rout;
	She found strength to say
	As they bore her away:
"I should never have taken the trout."
		-- Edward Gorey


Plots are like girdles.  Hidden, they hold your interest; revealed, they're
of no interest except to fetishists. Like girdles, they attempt to contain
an uncontainable experience.
		-- R. S. Knapp


Weinberg, as a young grocery clerk, advised the grocery manager to get
rid of rutabagas which nobody every bought.  He did so. "Well, kid, that
was a great idea," said the manager. Then he paused and asked the killer
question, "NOW what's the least popular vegetable?"

Law: Once you eliminate your #1 problem, #2 gets a promotion.
		-- Gerald Weinberg, "The Secrets of Consulting"


I lay my head on the railroad tracks,
Waitin' for the double E.
The railroad don't run no more.
Poor poor pitiful me.			[chorus]
	Poor poor pitiful me, poor poor pitiful me.
	These young girls won't let me be,
	Lord have mercy on me!
	Woe is me!

Well, I met a girl, West Hollywood,
Well, I ain't naming names.
But she really worked me over good,
She was just like Jesse James.
She really worked me over good,
She was a credit to her gender.
She put me through some changes, boy,
Sort of like a Waring blender.		[chorus]

I met a girl at the Rainbow Bar,
She asked me if I'd beat her.
She took me back to the Hyatt House,
I don't want to talk about it.		[chorus]
		-- Warren Zevon, "Poor Poor Pitiful Me"


The IBM purchase of ROLM gives new meaning to the term "twisted pair".
		-- Howard Anderson, "Yankee Group"


I cannot draw a cart, nor eat dried oats;
If it be man's work I will do it.


All we know is the phenomenon: we spend our time sending messages to each
other, talking and trying to listen at the same time, exchanging information.
This seems to be our most urgent biological function; it is what we do with
our lives."
		-- Lewis Thomas, "The Lives of a Cell"


Too bad all the people who know how to run the country are busy
driving cabs and cutting hair.
		-- George Burns


We'll have solar energy when the power companies develop a sunbeam meter.


Well, God gave me a bust.  What am I supposed to do with it?
		-- Martha Mitchell


Anything labeled "NEW" and/or "IMPROVED" isn't.
The label means the price went up.
The label "ALL NEW", "COMPLETELY NEW", or "GREAT NEW"
means the price went way up.


Little Miss Muffet, sat on a tuffet,
Eating her curds and whey.
Along came a spider,
Who sat down beside her,
And said, "Hey, what's in the bowl, bitch?"
		-- Andrew "Dice" Clay


Save yourself!  Reboot in 5 seconds!


