OK, so you're a Ph.D.  Just don't touch anything.


Love is like a friendship caught on fire.  In the beginning a flame, very
pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering.  As love
grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning
and unquenchable.
		-- Bruce Lee


Cocaine isn't habit forming.  I should know -- I've been using it for years.
		-- Tallulah Bankhead


Hatcheck girl:
	"Goodness!  What lovely diamonds!"
Mae West:
	"Goodness had nothin' to do with it, dearie."
		-- "Night After Night", 1932


Ah say, son, you're about as sharp as a bowlin' ball.


In /users3 did Kubla Kahn
A stately pleasure dome decree,
Where /bin, the sacred river ran
Through Test Suites measureless to Man
Down to a sunless C.


Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced -- even a
proverb is no proverb to you till your life has illustrated it.
		-- John Keats


The future not being born, my friend,
we will abstain from baptizing it.
		-- George Meredith


Keep patting your enemy on the back until a
small bullet hole appears between your fingers.
		-- Joe Bonanno


Lost interest?  It's so bad I've lost apathy.


Why You Can't Run When There's Trouble in the Office:
	No matter where you stand, no matter how far or fast you flee,
when it hits the fan, as much as possible will be propelled in your
direction, and almost none will be returned to the source.
		-- John L. Shelton


The Bulwer-Lytton fiction contest is held ever year at San Jose State
Univ.  by Professor Scott Rice.  It is held in memory of Edward George
Earle Bulwer-Lytton (1803-1873), a rather prolific and popular (in his
time) novelist.  He is best known today for having written "The Last
Days of Pompeii."

Whenever Snoopy starts typing his novel from the top of his doghouse,
beginning "It was a dark and stormy night..." he is borrowing from Lord
Bulwer-Lytton.  This was the line that opened his novel, "Paul Clifford,"
written in 1830.  The full line reveals why it is so bad:

	It was a dark and stormy night; the rain fell in torrents -- except
	at occasional intervals, when it was checked by a violent gust of
	wind which swept up the streets (for it is in London that our scene
	lies), rattling along the housetops, and fiercely agitating the scanty
	flame of the lamps that struggled against the darkness.


A strong conviction that something must be done is the parent of many
bad measures.
		-- Daniel Webster


GOD:
	Darwin's chief rival.


A friend of mine won't get a divorce, because he hates
lawyers more than he hates his wife.


A figure with curves always offers a lot of interesting angles.


You are at a business lunch when you are suddenly overcome with an
uncontrollable desire to pick your nose.  Since this is definitely a
no-no, you:

(a) Pretend to wave to someone across the room and with one fluid
    motion, bury your forefinger in your nostril right up to the 4th
    joint.

(b) Get everyone drunk and organize a nose picking contest with a prize
    to the one who makes his nose bleed first.

(c) Drop your napkin on the floor, and when you bend over to pick it up,
    blow your nose on your sock.


Romeo wasn't bilked in a day.
		-- Walt Kelly, "Ten Ever-Lovin' Blue-Eyed Years With
		   Pogo"


They also serve who only stand and wait.
		-- John Milton


It seems appropriate to me that Mapplethorpe's perverse images should
be situated so close to Congress, which perpetuates a number of
unnatural acts upon the body politic every day, without benefit of
artificial lubrication or foreplay.
		-- Pat Calafia's review of Camille Paglia's
		   "Sex, Art and American Culture"


There can be no daily democracy without daily citizenship.
		-- Ralph Nader


Fortune's Rules for Memo Wars: #3

The proper time for a vicious ad hominem attack is when you have no logical
recourse.  If you have been arguing a point with a person or persons for
30 odd weeks, and a memo comes across that logically tears down the
final shred of evidence that you thought you had, that is the time to call
the author of that memo:
	1: a mindless twit who attacks other people's beliefs for no reason.
	2: an egotistical flaming typical wombat aggie melon-humping
	   cheese-whizzing nanosexual subuseless clamsucker whose memos
	   are apparently sneezed onto his/her terminal.
	3: something unpleasant.
The OTHER proper time for an ad hominem attack is immediately after someone
has posted something you don't understand.  Given the current state of modern
electronic communications technology your inability to comprehend the meaning
of a memo constitutes a violation of western moral tradition on the part of
the author of that memo, and the author should be taken to task publicly via
a series of really nasty, name-calling oriented memos.


On a tous un peu peur de l'amour, mais on
a surtout peur de souffrir ou de faire souffrir.

[One is always a little afraid of love, but
above all, one is afraid of pain or causing pain.]


The Italian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest, "I Can't Get No
Contraception", has been withdrawn after the Pope advised them to
pull it out at the last minute.
		-- Not the Nine O'Clock News


I played lead guitar in a band called The Federal Duck, which is the
kind of name that was popular in the '60s as a result of controlled
substances being in widespread use.  Back then, there were no
restrictions, in terms of talent, on who could make an album, so we
made one, and it sounds like a group of people who have been given
powerful but unfamiliar instruments as a therapy for a degenerative
nerve disease.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Snake"


You're either part of the solution or part of the problem.
		-- Eldridge Cleaver


One day on a busy street corner a huge, burly looking man walked up to a police
officer and asks, "Thcuse me offither, can you tell me where thidee-thid, and
thacramento ith?"
	The police officer didn't reply at all, but just looked away.
	The large man then asked again, but still no reply.  After a few more
attempts which the police officer studiously ignored, the frustrated man
walked away.  An onlooking pedestrian then walked up to the officer and asked,
"Officer, why didn't you tell that man where thirty-third and Sacramento was?"  The police officer replied,
	"Thure, thure, and dit the thit ticked out of me!"


Q:	What's the Blonde's cheer?
A:	I'm blonde, I'm blonde, I'm B.L.O.N... ah, oh well..
	I'm blonde, I'm blonde, yea yea yea...

Q:	What do you call it when a blonde dies their hair brunette?
A:	Artificial intelligence.

Q:	How do you make a blonde's eyes light up?
A:	Shine a flashlight in their ear.


There were in this country two very large monopolies.  The larger of
the two had the following record: the Vietnam War, Watergate, double-
digit inflation, fuel and energy shortages, bankrupt airlines, and the
8-cent postcard.  The second was responsible for such things as the
transistor, the solar cell, lasers, synthetic crystals, high fidelity
stereo recording, sound motion pictures, radio astronomy, negative
feedback, magnetic tape, magnetic "bubbles", electronic switching
systems, microwave radio and TV relay systems, information theory, the
first electrical digital computer, and the first communications
satellite.  Guess which one got to tell the other how to run the
telephone business?


Remember when you were a kid and the boys didn't like the girls?  Only
sissies liked girls?  What I'm trying to tell you is that nothing's
changed.  You think boys grow out of not liking girls, but we don't
grow out of it.  We just grow horny.  That's the problem.  We mix up
liking pussy for liking girls.  Believe me, one couldn't have less to
do with the other.
		-- Jules Feiffer


Artistic ventures highlighted.  Rob a museum.


All the girls in France, do a hookie-kookie dance,
And you know the way they shake, is enough to fry a snake,
And the snake they fry, is enough to tell a lie,
And the lie they tell, is enough to go to
Hello, operator, give me number nine,
If you disconnect me, I'll kick you in the
Behind the 'frigerator, there was a piece of glass,
If you do not pick it up, I'll kick you in the
Ask me no more questions, tell me no more lies,
This is what Lulu told me, just before she died.
She had a little brother, she named him Tiny Tim,
She put him in the potty, to see if he could swim.
He swam down to the bottom, he swam up to the top,
Lulu got disgusted, and flushed him down the pot.
		-- Princess


If all these sweet young things were laid end-to-end, I wouldn't be a
bit surprised.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Some husbands are living proof that a woman can take a joke.


Commit the oldest sins the newest kind of ways.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


No woman can call herself free until she can choose consciously whether
she will or will not be a mother.
		-- Margaret H. Sanger


I truly wish I could be a great surgeon or philosopher or author or anything
constructive, but in all honesty I'd rather turn up my amplifier full blast
and drown myself in the noise.
		-- Charles Schmid, the "Tucson Murderer"


WARNING!!!
This machine is subject to breakdowns during periods of critical need.

A special circuit in the machine called "critical detector" senses the
operator's emotional state in terms of how desperate he/she is to use the
machine.  The "critical detector" then creates a malfunction proportional
to the desperation of the operator.  Threatening the machine with violence
only aggravates the situation.  Likewise, attempts to use another machine
may cause it to malfunction.  They belong to the same union.  Keep cool
and say nice things to the machine.  Nothing else seems to work.

See also: flog(1), tm(1)


You climb to reach the summit, but once
there, discover that all roads lead down.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "The Cyberiad"


PAIN:
	One thing, at least it proves that you're alive!


Hedonist for hire... no job too easy!


A woman may very well form a friendship with a man, but for this to endure,
it must be assisted by a little physical antipathy.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Living here in Rio, I have lots of coffees to choose from.  And when
you're on the lam like me, you appreciate a good cup of coffee.
		-- "Great Train Robber" Ronald Biggs' coffee commercial


Sex is what women have and men want.


Q:	How many members of the U.S.S. Enterprise does it take to change a
	light bulb?
A:	Seven.  Scotty has to report to Captain Kirk that the light bulb in
	the Engineering Section is getting dim, at which point Kirk will send
	Bones to pronounce the bulb dead (although he'll immediately claim
	that he's a doctor, not an electrician).  Scotty, after checking
	around, realizes that they have no more new light bulbs, and complains
	that he "canna" see in the dark.  Kirk will make an emergency stop at
	the next uncharted planet, Alpha Regula IV, to procure a light bulb
	from the natives, who, are friendly, but seem to be hiding something.
	Kirk, Spock, Bones, Yeoman Rand and two red shirt security officers
	beam down to the planet, where the two security officers are promptly
	killed by the natives, and the rest of the landing party is captured.
	As something begins to develop between the Captain and Yeoman Rand,
	Scotty, back in orbit, is attacked by a Klingon destroyer and must
	warp out of orbit.  Although badly outgunned, he cripples the Klingon
	and races back to the planet in order to rescue Kirk et. al. who have
	just saved the natives' from an awful fate and, as a reward, been
	given all lightbulbs they can carry.  The new bulb is then inserted
	and the Enterprise continues on its five year mission.


War is menstruation envy.


American business long ago gave up on demanding that prospective
employees be honest and hardworking.  It has even stopped hoping for
employees who are educated enough that they can tell the difference
between the men's room and the women's room without having little
pictures on the doors.
		-- Dave Barry, "Urine Trouble, Mister"


Death is nature's way of saying `Howdy'.


A game can by God repent or we'll punish it.
That's how they did it in Salem in the seventeenth century,
and that's how we'll do it now.
		-- Dick Hamlet


BALTIMORE:
	A wharf-rat stealing Diogenes' lamp.


Hear about...
	the ambitious secretary who walked into her boss's office and
	demanded a salary on next week's advance?


Our country has plenty of good five-cent cigars,
but the trouble is they charge fifteen cents for them.


I love the smell of napalm in the morning.
		-- Robert Duval, "Apocalypse Now"


O, it is excellent
To have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous
To use it like a giant.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Measure for Measure", II, 2


Pilots should avoid using illegal drugs.
		-- AOPA's Pilot's Handbook, 1988


Old Japanese proverb:
	There are two kinds of fools -- those who never climb Mt. Fuji,
and those who climb it twice.


You have a will that can be influenced
by all with whom you come in contact.


My family history begins with me, but yours ends with you.
		-- Iphicrates


You could live a better life, if you
had a better mind and a better body.


If people concentrated on the really important things in life,
there'd be a shortage of fishing poles.
		-- Doug Larson


An attachment a la Plato
for a bashful young potato
or a, not too French, french bean
must excite your languid spleen.
For, if you walk down Picadilly
with a poppy or lily
in your medieval hand,
every one will say,
as you walk your flowery way;
"If this young man is content,
with a vegetable love
which would certainly not content me.
Why, what a very pure young man
this pure young man must be!"
		-- W. S. Gilbert, "Patience"
		   [The subject of the humour is of course, Oscar Wilde]


All the world's a VAX,
And all the coders merely butchers;
They have their exits and their entrails;
And one int in his time plays many widths,
His sizeof being _N bytes.  At first the infant,
Mewling and puking in the Regent's arms.
And then the whining schoolboy, with his Sun,
And shining morning face, creeping like slug
Unwillingly to school.
		-- A Very Annoyed PDP-11


What a man enjoys most about a woman's clothes are his fantasies of how
she would look without them.
		-- Brendan Francis


Surprise due today.  Also the rent.


Cheops' Law:
	Nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget.


I have found it impossible to carry the heavy burden of responsibility and
to discharge my duties as king as I would wish to do without the help and
support of the woman I love.
		-- Edward, Duke of Windsor, announcing his abdication
		   of the British throne in order to marry the American
		   divorcee Wallis Warfield Simpson. (1936)


Boycott meat - suck your thumb.


	Once there lived a village of creatures along the bottom of a great
crystal river.  Each creature in its own manner clung tightly to the twigs
and rocks of the river bottom, for clinging was their way of life, and
resisting the current what each had learned from birth.  But one creature
said at last, "I trust that the current knows where it is going.  I shall
let go, and let it take me where it will.  Clinging, I shall die of boredom."
	The other creatures laughed and said, "Fool!  Let go, and that current
you worship will throw you tumbled and smashed across the rocks, and you will
die quicker than boredom!"
	But the one heeded them not, and taking a breath did let go, and at
once was tumbled and smashed by the current across the rocks.  Yet, in time,
as the creature refused to cling again, the current lifted him free from the
bottom, and he was bruised and hurt no more.
	And the creatures downstream, to whom he was a stranger, cried, "See
a miracle!  A creature like ourselves, yet he flies!  See the Messiah, come
to save us all!"  And the one carried in the current said, "I am no more
Messiah than you.  The river delight to lift us free, if only we dare let go.
Our true work is this voyage, this adventure.
	But they cried the more, "Saviour!" all the while clinging to the
rocks, making legends of a Saviour.
		-- Richard Bach


GEORGIA:
	Where kinky sex means getting laid.


With the end of the football season, a star player for the college team
celebrated the relaxation of team curfew by attending a late-night campus
party.  Soon after arriving, he became captivated by a beautiful coed and
eased into a conversation with her by asking if she met many dates at
parties.
	"Oh, I have a three point eight, so I'm much more attracted to the
strong academic types than to the dumb party animals," she said.  "What's
your G.P.A.?"
	Grinning ear to ear, the jock boasted, "I get about twenty-five in
the city and forty on the highway."


Gold, n.:
	A soft malleable metal relatively scarce in distribution.  It
	is mined deep in the earth by poor men who then give it to rich
	men who immediately bury it back in the earth in great prisons,
	although gold hasn't done anything to them.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


I have the simplest tastes.  I am always satisfied with the best.
		-- Oscar Wilde


The Macintosh is Xerox technology at its best.


For those who like this sort of thing, this is the sort of thing they like.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.


Boy, n.:
	A noise with dirt on it.


Giving money and power to governments is like giving whiskey and
car keys to teenage boys.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


			DELETE A FORTUNE!

Don't some of these fortunes just drive you nuts?!  Wouldn't you like
to see some of them deleted from the system?  You can!  Just mail to
"fortune" with the fortune you hate most, and we MIGHT make sure it
gets expunged.


Housework can kill you if done right.
		-- Erma Bombeck


Every man thinks God is on his side.  The rich
and powerful know that he is.
		-- Jean Anouilh, "The Lark"


The avoidance of taxes is the only intellectual pursuit that
carries any reward.
		-- John Maynard Keynes


The wages of sin are high but you get your money's worth.


Remove me from this land of slaves,
Where all are fools, and all are knaves,
Where every knave and fool is bought,
Yet kindly sells himself for nought;
		-- Jonathan Swift


Politics makes strange bedfellows, and journalism makes strange politics.
		-- Amy Gorin


QOTD:
	"The only easy way to tell a hamster from a gerbil is that the
	gerbil has more dark meat."


When I heated my home with oil, I used an average of 800 gallons a
year.  I have found that I can keep comfortably warm for an entire
winter with slightly over half that quantity of beer.
		-- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"


Q:	What do you get when you cross a computer and a JAP?
A:	A computer that won't go down.


Speak roughly to your little boy,
	And beat him when he sneezes:
He only does it to annoy
	Because he knows it teases.

	Wow!  wow!  wow!

I speak severely to my boy,
	And beat him when he sneezes:
For he can thoroughly enjoy
	The pepper when he pleases!

	Wow!  wow!  wow!
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


You may get an opportunity for advancement today.  Watch it!


PROBLEM DRINKER:
	A man who never buys.


A bird in the bush usually has a friend in there with him.


Boys are beyond the range of anybody's sure understanding, at least
when they are between the ages of 18 months and 90 years.
		-- James Thurber


Q:	What did Jesus tell the Aggies?
A:	Play dumb until the second coming.


Happy is the child whose father died rich.


The Utah version of this joke goes:
	One of the Council of the Twelve runs breathlessly into the Presidents'
office one day.  The President looks up and says "Brother, what is so important
that you ran all the way here, losing your breath?"
	The Council member finally regains his breath, and says "The Savior is
in the lobby!!"
	The President immediate starts for the door, crying "It has come!  The
prophecies are fulfilled!  We are all about to be uplifted!"
	The Council member says "Wait!  You didn't let me finish!  She's...
black, and SHE IS PISSED!"


Half Moon tonight.  (At least it is better than no Moon at all.)


VOLCANO:
	A mountain with hiccups.


Well, my daddy left home when I was three,
And he didn't leave much for Ma and me,
Just and old guitar an'a empty bottle of booze.
Now I don't blame him 'cause he ran and hid,
But the meanest thing that he ever did,
Was before he left he went and named me Sue.
...
But I made me a vow to the moon and the stars,
I'd search the honkey tonks and the bars,
And kill the man that give me that awful name.
It was Gatlinburg in mid-July,
I'd just hit town and my throat was dry,
Thought I'd stop and have myself a brew,
At an old saloon on a street of mud,
Sitting at a table, dealing stud,
Sat that dirty (bleep) that named me Sue.
...
Now, I knew that snake was my own sweet Dad,
From a worn out picture that my Mother had,
And I knew that scar on his cheek and his evil eye...
		-- Johnny Cash, "A Boy Named Sue"


The Bible is not my Book and Christianity is not my religion.  I could
never give assent to the long complicated statements of Christian dogma.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Hear about...
	the girl with the big wardrobe who started with just a little slip?


If you want to read about love and marriage you've got to buy two separate
books.
		-- Alan King


If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.
		-- Woody Allen


FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #15

A:	The Royal Canadian Mounted Police.
Q:	What was the greatest achievement in taxidermy?


The deceased was killed by 1207.3557298 Volts AC RMS applied by
accident when he brushed against the output terminal of a John B.
Fluke Company High Voltage Calibrator.
		-- fictitious coroner's report by Mike Andrews


QOTD:
	"Every morning I read the obituaries; if my name's not there,
	I go to work."


As part of an equal opportunity project, a memo was sent to all the offices
within External Affairs asking for "A list of all employees broken down by
sex."
	One of the memos was returned with the notation: "I'm sorry: we
know of nobody in this office who fits your criteria.  We do, however,
have two alcoholics."


Age and treachery will always overcome youth and skill.


Credit ... is the only enduring testimonial to man's confidence in man.
		-- James Blish


No pig should go sky diving during monsoon
For this isn't really the norm.
But should a fat swine try to soar like a loon,
So what?  Any pork in a storm.

No pig should go sky diving during monsoon,
It's risky enough when the weather is fine.
But to have a pig soar when the monsoon doth roar
Cast even more perils before swine.


Systems people do it with a small, but clean, interface.


The only alliance I would make with the Women's Liberation Movement is in bed.
		-- Abbey Hoffman


The world is so full of a number of things,
I'm sure we should all be as happy as kings.
	I'll tell you a story--
	It won't take me long--
Of a brother and sister whose tale is my song.

There was an old fellow and what do you think?
He lived on the cheese that he scraped from his dink.
	He whacked it, he hacked it,
	He ate it with glee-
Was there ever a fellow so happy as he?

This charming old chap had a sister as well:
She was ugly and gaunt, with a horrible smell.
	Her cunt was so dirty
	It stank like a beast,
And the odor killed flies as they gathered to feast.

What a wonderful family!  What marvelous style!
I'll bet you and I aren't close by a mile.
	Their odor and diet
	Won't soon be forgotten,
And one day you and I may be equally rotten.


When it all boils down to the essence of truth one must live by a dog's
rule of life: if you can't eat it or fuck it, piss on it!


It is considered normal to consecrate virginity in the
general and lust for its destruction in the particular.


A couple took their young son for his first visit to the circus, and by
chance their seats were next to the elephant pen.  When his father left
to buy popcorn, the boy piped up,
	"Mom, what's that long thing on the elephant?"
	"That's the elephant's trunk, dear," she replied.
	"No, not that."
	"Oh, that's the elephant's tail."
	"No, Mom.  Down underneath."
	His mother blushed and said, "Oh, that's nothing."
	Pretty soon the father returned, and the mother went off to get
a soda.  As soon as she had left the boy repeated his question.
	"That's the elephant's trunk, son."
	"Dad, I know what an elephant's trunk is.  The thing at the
other end."
	"Oh, that's the elephant's tail."
	"No.  Down there."
	The father took a good look and explained, "That's the elephant's
penis."
	"Dad, how come when I asked Mom, she said it was nothing?"
	The man took a deep breath and replied, "Son, I've *spoiled*
that woman."


Some men who fear that they are playing
second fiddle aren't in the band at all.


The egg cream is psychologically the opposite of circumcision -- it
*pleasurably* reaffirms your Jewishness.
		-- Mel Brooks


Oh, Aunty Em, it's so good to be home!


... though his invention worked superbly -- his theory was a crock of sewage
from beginning to end.
		-- Vernor Vinge, "The Peace War"


There's a long-standing bug relating to the x86 architecture that
allows you to install Windows.
		-- Matthew D. Fuller


Crime does not pay... as well as politics.
		-- A. E. Neuman


	Cosmotronic Software Unlimited Inc. does not warrant that the
functions contained in the program will meet your requirements or that
the operation of the program will be uninterrupted or error-free.
	However, Cosmotronic Software Unlimited Inc. warrants the
diskette(s) on which the program is furnished to be of black color and
square shape under normal use for a period of ninety (90) days from the
date of purchase.
	NOTE: IN NO EVENT WILL COSMOTRONIC SOFTWARE UNLIMITED OR ITS
DISTRIBUTORS AND THEIR DEALERS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING
ANY LOST PROFIT, LOST SAVINGS, LOST PATIENCE OR OTHER INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
		-- Horstmann Software Design, the "ChiWriter" user manual


How can you be in two places at once
when you're not anywhere at all?


My analyst told me that I was right out of my head,
	But I said, "Dear Doctor, I think that it is you instead.
Because I have got a thing that is unique and new,
	To prove it I'll have the last laugh on you.
'Cause instead of one head -- I've got two.

And you know two heads are better than one.


Ducharme's Axiom:
	If you view your problem closely enough you will recognize
	yourself as part of the problem.


A real diplomat is one who can cut his neighbor's throat without having
his neighbor notice it.
		-- Trygve Lie


Experience is that marvelous thing that enables
you recognize a mistake when you make it again.
		-- Franklin Jones


	A man enters a pet shop, seeking to purchase a parrot.  He points
to a fine colorful bird and asks how much it costs.
	When he is told it costs 70,000 zlotys, he whistles in amazement
and asks why it is so much.  "Well, the bird is fluent in Italian and
French and can recite the periodic table."  He points to another bird
and is told that it costs 90,000 zlotys because it speaks French and
German, can knit and can curse in Latin.
	Finally the customer asks about a drab gray bird.  "Ah," he is
told, "that one is 150,000."
	"Why, what can it do?" he asks.
	"Well," says the shopkeeper, "to tell you the truth, he doesn't
do anything, but the other birds call him Mr. Secretary."
		-- being told in Poland, 1987


Marxist Law of Distribution of Wealth:
	Shortages will be divided equally among the peasants.


Q:	Why do WASPs play golf?
A:	So they can dress like pimps.


Any member introducing a dog into the Society's premises shall be
liable to a fine of one pound.  Any animal leading a blind person shall
be deemed to be a cat.
		-- Rule 46, Oxford Union Society, London


This time it's for love; next time it's $100.00.


He who knows nothing, knows nothing.
But he who knows he knows nothing knows something.
And he who knows someone whose friend's wife's brother knows nothing,
	he knows something.  Or something like that.


The primary function of the design engineer is to make things
difficult for the fabricator and impossible for the serviceman.


Hear about...
	the man who never worried about his marriage until he moved from New
	York to California and discovered that he still had the same milkman?


Q:	Why is it that the more accuracy you demand from an interpolation
	function, the more expensive it becomes to compute?
A:	That's the Law of Spline Demand.


Phosflink, v.:
	To flick a bulb on and off when it burns out (as if, somehow,
	that will bring it back to life).
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Beauty is one of the rare things which does not lead to doubt of God.
		-- Jean Anouilh


Just as most issues are seldom black or white, so are most good solutions
seldom black or white.  Beware of the solution that requires one side to be
totally the loser and the other side to be totally the winner.  The reason
there are two sides to begin with usually is because neither side has all
the facts.  Therefore, when the wise mediator effects a compromise, he is
not acting from political motivation.  Rather, he is acting from a deep
sense of respect for the whole truth.
		-- Stephen R. Schwambach


A visit to a strange place will bring fresh work.


A young boy is told by his puritanical father than he should never have
sex with a woman, because a woman has teeth in her vagina and will bite
off his penis.
	The years go by, and the boy finally marries.  After a rather
uninspiring honeymoon his wife finally confronts him and demands that he
tell her why he won't make love to her.
	"Well, honey," he replies.  "You have... teeth... down there."
	"What!?" she replies unbelievingly.  "No I don't!  Honest, darling,
come here and look for yourself."
	The man rather hesitantly examines her very thoroughly.
	"There!" his wife says triumphantly.  "Now do you believe me?"
	"Yes," replied her husband.  "And your gums are in *terrible*
condition."


I went to the museum where they had all the heads and arms from the
statues that are in all the other museums.
		-- Steven Wright


Texas A&M football coach Jackie Sherrill went to the office of the Dean
of Academics because he was concerned about his players' mental abilities.
"My players are just too stupid for me to deal with them", he told the
unbelieving dean.  At this point, one of his players happened to enter
the dean's office.  "Let me show you what I mean", said Sherrill, and he
told the player to run over to his office to see if he was in.  "OK, Coach",
the player replied, and was off.  "See what I mean?" Sherrill asked.
"Yeah", replied the dean.  "He could have just picked up this phone and
called you from here."


	All I really need to know about how to live and what to do and
how to be I learned in kindergarten.  Wisdom was not at the top of the
graduate-school mountain, but there in the sandpile at Sunday School.
These are the things I learned:
	Share everything.
	Play fair.
	Don't hit people.
	Put things back where you found them.
	Clean up your own mess.
	Don't take things that aren't yours.
	Say you're sorry when you hurt someone.
	Wash your hands before you eat.
	Flush.
	Warm cookies and cold milk are good for you.
	Live a balanced life -- learn some and think some and draw and
paint and sing and dance and play and work every day some.
	Take a nap every afternoon.
	When you go out into the world, watch for traffic, hold hands,
and stick together.
	Be aware of wonder.  Remember the little seed in the Styrofoam
cup:  The roots go down and the plant goes up and nobody really knows
how or why, but we are all like that.
	Goldfish and hamsters and white mice and even the little seed in
the Styrofoam cup -- they all die.  So do we.
	And then remember the Dick-and-Jane books and the first word you
learned -- the biggest word of all -- LOOK.
	Everything you need to know is in there somewhere.  The Golden
Rule and love and basic sanitation.  Ecology and politics and equality
and sane living.
	[...] Think what a better world it would be if we all -- the
whole world -- had cookies and milk about three o'clock every afternoon
and then lay down with our blankets for a nap.  Or if all governments
had as a basic policy to always put things back where they found them
and to clean up their own mess.
	And it is still true, no matter how old you are -- when you go
out into the world, it is best to hold hands and stick together.
		-- Robert Fulghum, "All I Ever Really Needed to Know
		   I Learned in Kindergarten"


Preserve wildlife -- pickle a squirrel today!


Join the Navy; sail to far-off exotic lands,
meet exciting interesting people, and kill them.


Weiler's Law:
	Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it
	himself.


I have more humility in my little finger than you have in your whole
_B_O_D_Y!
		-- from "Cerebus" #82


Ummm, well, OK.  The network's the network, the computer's the computer.
Sorry for the confusion.
		-- Sun Microsystems


They're basically very smelly houseplants until they get to the crawling
age.  You're constantly terrified that they're going to randomly die on
you, but the rules for preventing that outcome are straightforward and
hard to forget.
		-- Thomas Ptacek, giving advice to a new father


Let a Field Service Engineer put it in.


His eyes were cold.  As cold as the bitter winter snow that was falling
outside.  Yes, cold and therefore difficult to chew...


One of the major difficulties Trillian experienced in her relationship with
Zaphod was learning to distinguish between him pretending to be stupid just
to get people off their guard, pretending to be stupid because he couldn't
be bothered to think and wanted someone else to do it for him, pretending
to be so outrageously stupid to hide the fact that he actually didn't
understand what was going on, and really being genuinely stupid.  He was
renowned for being quite clever and quite clearly was so -- but not all the
time, which obviously worried him, hence the act.  He preferred people to be
puzzled rather than contemptuous.  This above all appeared to Trillian to be
genuinely stupid, but she could no longer be bothered to argue about.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


You're ugly and your mother dresses you funny.


Far out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end of the
Western Spiral arm of the Galaxy lies a small unregarded yellow sun.
Orbiting this at a distance of roughly ninety-eight million miles is an
utterly insignificant little blue-green planet whose ape-descended life
forms are so amazingly primitive that they still think digital watches
are a pretty neat idea ...
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


	GREAT MOMENTS IN AMERICAN HISTORY #21 -- July 30, 1917

On this day, New York City hotel detectives burst in and caught then-
Senator Warren G. Harding in bed with an underage girl.  He bought them
off with a $20 bribe, and later remarked thankfully, "I thought I
wouldn't get out of that under $1000!"  Always one to learn from his
mistakes, in later years President Harding carried on his affairs in a
tiny closet in the White House Cabinet Room while Secret Service men
stood lookout.


... like, what do they mean when they say 'feminine protection'?
What's that?  A chartreuse flamethrower?
		-- Opus


Some of the things that live the longest
in peoples' memories never really happened.


Fools rush in -- and get the best seats in the house.


The amount of time between slipping on the peel and landing on the
pavement is precisely 1 bananosecond.


I went to the race track once and bet on a horse that was so good that
it took seven others to beat him!


There's nothing worse for your business than
extra Santa Clauses smoking in the men's room.
		-- W. Bossert


Keep on keepin' on.


It was kinda like stuffing the wrong card in a computer,
when you're stickin' those artificial stimulants in your arm.
		-- Dion, noted computer scientist


Mene, mene, tekel, upharsin.


VOLCANO:
	A mountain with hiccups.


A mother takes twenty years to make a man of her boy,
and another woman makes a fool of him in twenty minutes.
		-- Frost


Telephone books are like dictionaries -- if you know the answer before
you look it up, you can eventually reaffirm what you thought you knew
but weren't sure.  But if you're searching for something you don't
already know, your fingers could walk themselves to death.
		-- Erma Bombeck


The cost of feathers has risen, even down is up!


The best thing about growing older is that it takes such a long time.


... But if we laugh with derision, we will never understand.  Human
intellectual capacity has not altered for thousands of years so far as we
can tell.  If intelligent people invested intense energy in issues that now
seem foolish to us, then the failure lies in our understanding of their
world, not in their distorted perceptions.  Even the standard example of
ancient nonsense -- the debate about angels on pinheads -- makes sense once
you realize that theologians were not discussing whether five or eighteen
would fit, but whether a pin could house a finite or an infinite number.
		-- S. J. Gould, "Wide Hats and Narrow Minds"


It is better to travel hopefully than to fly Continental.


One girl can be pretty -- but a dozen are only a chorus.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald, "The Last Tycoon"


A drunk was sitting at the end of the bar in a popular singles' place,
watching a young, good-looking man working his way through the women.  The
guy didn't appear to be having much luck, and he was only spending a few
moments with each woman.  As he worked his way closer, while he couldn't
hear what the young man was saying, he realized that the women were somewhat
shocked at his approach.  Finally, the man approaches a pretty brunette and
they hit it off immediately.  After a bit of quiet conversation, she handed
the young man her hotel key and they started off for the elevators.  As they
passed the drunk, he stopped the lucky one and asked him what his method was.
	"Well," the man replied, "It's simple.  You say 'Tickle your ass
with a feather?'  If she sounds interested, you take it from there.  If she
sounds angry, you smile and say 'Typically nasty weather.'"
	The drunk says "Ohhhhh, got it, I got it!" and walks over to a woman
at the end of the bar to try out his new approach.  Getting her attention,
he smiles and says "Fuck me!"
	"What?!?!?" she screams.
	"Raining like hell, isn't it?"


A squeegee by any other name wouldn't sound as funny.


	Harry, a golfing enthusiast if there ever was one, arrived home
from the club to an irate, ranting wife.
	"I'm leaving you, Harry," his wife announced bitterly.  "You
promised me faithfully that you'd be back before six and here it is almost
nine.  It just can't take that long to play 18 holes of golf."
	"Honey, wait," said Harry.  "Let me explain.  I know what I promised
you, but I have a very good reason for being late.  Fred and I tee'd off
right on time and everything was fine for the first three holes.  Then, on
the fourth tee Fred had a stroke.  I ran back to the clubhouse but couldn't
find a doctor.  And, by the time I got back to Fred, he was dead.  So, for
the next 15 holes, it was hit the ball, drag Fred, hit the ball, drag Fred...


Woody: How are you feeling today, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Poor.
Woody: Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
Norm:  No, I meant `pour'.
		-- Cheers, Strange Bedfellows, Part 3

Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what's the story?
Norm:  Boy meets beer.  Boy drinks beer.  Boy gets another beer.
		-- Cheers, The Proposal

Paul:  Hey Norm, how's the world been treating you?
Norm:  Like a baby treats a diaper.
		-- Cheers, Tan 'n Wash


It doesn't matter whether you win or lose -- until you lose.


Producers seem to be so prejudiced against actors who've had no training.
And there's no reason for it.  So what if I didn't attend the Royal Academy
for twelve years?  I'm still a professional trying to be the best actress
I can.  Why doesn't anyone send me the scripts that Faye Dunaway gets?
		-- Farrah Fawcett-Majors


In this world some people are going to like me and some are not.
So, I may as well be me.  Then I know if someone likes me, they like me.


Marijuana will be legal some day, because the many law students
who now smoke pot will someday become congressmen and legalize
it in order to protect themselves.
		-- Lenny Bruce


Watch all-night Donna Reed reruns until your mind resembles oatmeal.


	Once upon a time there was a beautiful young girl taking a stroll
through the woods.  All at once she saw an extremely ugly bull frog seated
on a log and to her amazement the frog spoke to her.  "Maiden," croaked the
frog, "would you do me a favor?  This will be hard for you to believe, but
I was once a handsome, charming prince and then a mean, ugly old witch cast
a spell over me and turned me into a frog."
	"Oh, what a pity!", exclaimed the girl.  "I'll do anything I can to
help you break such a spell."
	"Well," replied the frog, "the only way that this spell can be
taken away is for some lovely young woman to take me home and let me spend
the night under her pillow."
	The young girl took the ugly frog home and placed him beneath her
pillow that night when she retired.  When she awoke the next morning, sure
enough, there beside her in bed was a very young, handsome man, clearly of
royal blood.  And so they lived happily ever after, except that to this day
her father and mother still don't believe her story.


Planet Claire has pink hair.
All the trees are red.
No one ever dies there.
No one has a head....


Does a one-legged duck swim in a circle?


I saw a man pursuing the Horizon,
'Round and round they sped.
I was disturbed at this,
I accosted the man,
"It is futile," I said.
"You can never--"
"You lie!" He cried,
and ran on.
		-- Stephen Crane


There was a little girl
Who had a little curl
Right in the middle of her forehead.
When she was good, she was very, very good
And when she was bad, she was very, very popular.
		-- Max Miller, "The Max Miller Blue Book"


The big cities of America are becoming Third World countries.
		-- Nora Ephron


She often gave herself very good advice
(though she very seldom followed it).
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


