I was in this prematurely air conditioned supermarket and there were all
these aisles and there were these bathing caps you could buy that had these
kind of Fourth of July plumes on them that were red and yellow and blue and
I wasn't tempted to buy one but I was reminded of the fact that I had been
avoiding the beach.
		-- Lucinda Childs "Einstein On The Beach"


In the shade of the old apple tree
Where between her fat legs I could see
	A little brown spot
	With the hair in a knot,
And it certainly looked good to me.

I asked as I tickled her tit
If she thought that my big thing would fit.
	She said it would do
	So we had a good screw		In the shade of the old apple tree
In the shade of the old apple tree.	I got all that was coming to me.
						In the soft dewy grass
I could hear the dull buzz of the bee		I had a fine piece of ass
As he sunk his grub hooks into me.	From a maiden that was fine to see.
	Her ass it was fine
	But you should have seen mine
In the shade of the old apple tree.


Do not underestimate the power of the Farce.


Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee
And I'll forgive Thy great big one on me.
		-- Robert Frost


ROMEO: Courage, man; the hurt cannot be much.
MERCUTIO: No, 'tis not so deep as a well, nor so wide as a church-
	door; but 'tis enough, 'twill serve.


Q:	What's tiny and yellow and very, very, dangerous?
A:	A canary with the super-user password.


Dames lie about anything -- just for practice.
		-- Raymond Chandler


The road to Hades is easy to travel.
		-- Bion


Term, holidays, term, holidays, till we leave
school, and then work, work, work till we die.
		-- C. S. Lewis


methionylglutaminylarginyltyrosylglutamylserylleucylphenylalanylalanylglutamin-
ylleucyllysylglutamylarginyllysylglutamylglycylalanylphenylalanylvalylprolyl-
phenylalanylvalylthreonylleucylglycylaspartylprolylglycylisoleucylglutamylglu-
taminylserylleucyllysylisoleucylaspartylthreonylleucylisoleucylglutamylalanyl-
glycylalanylaspartylalanylleucylglutamylleucylglycylisoleucylprolylphenylala-
nylserylaspartylprolylleucylalanylaspartylglycylprolylthreonylisoleucylgluta-
minylasparaginylalanylthreonylleucylarginylalanylphenylalanylalanylalanylgly-
cylvalylthreonylprolylalanylglutaminylcysteinylphenylalanylglutamylmethionyl-
leucylalanylleucylisoleucylarginylglutaminyllysylhistidylprolylthreonylisoleu-
cylprolylisoleucylglycylleucylleucylmethionyltyrosylalanylasparaginylleucylva-
lylphenylalanylasparaginyllysylglycylisoleucylaspartylglutamylphenylalanyltyro-
sylalanylglutaminylcysteinylglutamyllysylvalylglycylvalylaspartylserylvalylleu-
cylvalylalanylaspartylvalylprolylvalylglutaminylglutamylserylalanylprolylphe-
nylalanylarginylglutaminylalanylalanylleucylarginylhistidylasparaginylvalylala-
nylprolylisoleucylphenylalanylisoleucylcysteinylprolylprolylaspartylalanylas-
partylaspartylaspartylleucylleucylarginylglutaminylisoleucylalanylseryltyrosyl-
glycylarginylglycyltyrosylthreonyltyrosylleucylleucylserylarginylalanylglycyl-
valylthreonylglycylalanylglutamylasparaginylarginylalanylalanylleucylprolylleu-
cylasparaginylhistidylleucylvalylalanyllysylleucyllysylglutamyltyrosylasparagi-
nylalanylalanylprolylprolylleucylglutaminylglycylphenylalanylglycylisoleucylse-
rylalanylprolylaspartylglutaminylvalyllysylalanylalanylisoleucylaspartylalanyl-
glycylalanylalanylglycylalanylisoleucylserylglycylserylalanylisoleucylvalylly-
sylisoleucylisoleucylglutamylglutaminylhistidylasparaginylisoleucylglutamylpro-
lylglutamyllysylmethionylleucylalanylalanylleucyllysylvalylphenylalanylvalyl-
glutaminylprolylmethionyllysylalanylalanylthreonylarginylserine, n.:
	The chemical name for tryptophan synthetase A protein, a
	1,913-letter enzyme with 267 amino acids.
		-- Mrs. Byrne's Dictionary of Unusual, Obscure, and
		   Preposterous Words


Humanity has advanced, when it has advanced, not because it has been sober,
responsible, and cautious, but because it has been playful, rebellious, and
immature.
		-- Tom Robbins


The difference between women and girls
is as much as twenty years in some states.


Life is the childhood of our immortality.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


People are like onions -- you cut them up, and they make you cry.


The gent who wakes up and finds himself a success hasn't been asleep.


Did you hear that two rabbits escaped from the zoo and so far they have
only recaptured 116 of them?


Stamp out organized crime!!  Abolish the IRS.


Television has brought back murder into the home -- where it belongs.
		-- Alfred Hitchcock


If you go out of your mind, do it quietly,
so as not to disturb those around you.


OCCAM'S ERASER:
	The philosophical principle that even the simplest
	solution is bound to have something wrong with it.


Q:	What do you call a woman who can suck a golf ball through 50 feet
	of garden hose?
A:	Darling.
		[Often?  Ed.]


A professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep.


If the vendors started doing everything right, we would be out of a job.
Let's hear it for OSI and X!  With those babies in the wings, we can count
on being employed until we drop, or get smart and switch to gardening,
paper folding, or something.
		-- C. Philip Wood


If pro is the opposite of con, what is the opposite of progress?


Q:	What do a walrus and a tupperware container have in common?
A:	They both like a tight seal.


Sic Transit Gloria Thursdi.


When I was a child...  We had a quick-sand box in the backyard...
I was an only child...  eventually.
		-- Steven Wright


Me, I love the rich.  *Somebody* has to love them.  Sure, a lot
of rich people are assholes, but believe me, a lot of poor people
are assholes too.  And an asshole with money can at least pay
for his own drinks.
		-- Tom Robbins, "Jitterbug Perfume"


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL:		#14
	The Baby Ruth candy bar was not named after George Herman "The Babe"
Ruth, but after the oldest daughter of President Grover Cleveland.


Execute every act of thy life as though it were thy last.
		-- Marcus Aurelius


In God we trust; all else we walk through.


Prior to this year's Rock & Roll Hall of Fame ceremony, [Cash] went to
the bathroom.  "I was standing at the urinal, and Keith Richards walked
in...  He said, 'Look at this, I'm pissing with Johnny Cash. We need a
picture of this.'  I said, 'No, Keith, we *don't* need a picture of this.'"
		-- Rolling Stone interview with Johnny Cash


Misery loves company, but company does not reciprocate.


Give me Librium or give me Meth.


	A cowboy, his horse and his dog were captured by hostile Indians.
This wasn't really a problem for the animals as the Indians can always use
them, but the cowboy is informed that he will be burned at the stake the
following sunrise.  That evening, the Indian chief tells the cowboy that
he can one last wish, within reason, of course, before meeting his fate
the following morning.  The cowboy replies that all he really wants is to
see his faithful dog, Rex, one last time.  When the dog is brought by the
Indians, the cowboy hugs his companion and whispers something into his ear.
At once the dog runs off over the hill.  Amazingly enough, a few hours later,
he returns, accompanied by some two dozen prostitutes from a nearby town.
Needless to say, the braves are delighted and as a reward offer the cowboy
his dog to keep him company through the rest of the night.  When the dog is
brought forth the cowboy again runs his hand over Rex's head and then bends
down to whisper into his ear: "This may be my last chance, Rex, so get it
right this time -- go into town and get the posse!"


better !pout !cry
better watchout
lpr why
santa claus <north pole >town

cat /etc/passwd >list
ncheck list
ncheck list
cat list | grep naughty >nogiftlist
cat list | grep nice >giftlist
santa claus <north pole >town

who | grep sleeping
who | grep awake
who | egrep 'bad|good'
for (goodness sake) {
	be good
}


You can approach truth, but never capture it.
Lies can be had 'round the corner.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


What they said:
	What they meant:

"You will be fortunate if you can get him to work for you."
	(We certainly never succeeded.)
There is no other employee with whom I can adequately compare him.
	(Well, our rats aren't really employees...)
"Success will never spoil him."
	(Well, at least not MUCH more.)
"One usually comes away from him with a good feeling."
	(And such a sigh of relief.)
"His dissertation is the sort of work you don't expect to see these days;
in it he has definitely demonstrated his complete capabilities."
	(And his IQ, as well.)
"He should go far."
	(The farther the better.)
"He will take full advantage of his staff."
	(He even has one of them mowing his lawn after work.)


	The young man took a blind date to the amusement park.  They went
for a ride on the Ferris wheel.  The ride completed, she seemed rather bored.
"What would you like to do next?" he asked.
	"I wanna get weighed," she said.  So he took her over to the weight
guesser.  Next they rode the roller coaster.  After that he bought her some
popcorn and cotton candy, then he asked what else she would like to do.
	"I wanna get weighed," she said, bluntly.
	I really latched onto a square one tonight, thought the boy, and
using the excuse that he had developed a headache, he took the girl home.
The girl's mother was surprised to see her home so early, and asked, "What's
wrong, dear, didn't you have a nice time tonight?"
	"Wousy," said the girl.


I base my fashion taste on what doesn't itch.
		-- Gilda Radner


That's the thing about people who think they hate computers.  What they
really hate is lousy programmers.
		-- Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle in "Oath of Fealty"


The reason that sex is so popular is that it's centrally located.


One thing they don't tell you about doing experimental physics is that
sometimes you must work under adverse conditions... like a state of sheer
terror.
		-- W. K. Hartmann


To see you is to sympathize.


We're living in a golden age.  All you need is gold.
		-- D. W. Robertson


Once upon this midnight incoherent,
While you pondered sentient and crystalline,
Over many a broken and subordinate
Volume of gnarly lore,
While I pestered, nearly singing,
Suddenly there came a hewing,
As of someone profusely skulking,
Skulking at my chamber door.


Computers are not intelligent.  They only think they are.


The sheep died in the wool.


There are people so addicted to exaggeration
that they can't tell the truth without lying.
		-- Josh Billings


Keep emotionally active.  Cater to your favorite neurosis.


I am very fond of the company of ladies.  I like their beauty,
I like their delicacy, I like their vivacity, and I like their silence.
		-- Samuel Johnson


A key to the understanding of all religions is that a God's idea of a
good time is a game of Snakes and Ladders with greased rungs.


Bureaucracy, n.:
	A method for transforming energy into solid waste.


TRAVEL:
	Something that makes you feel like you're getting somewhere.


Non-Reciprocal Laws of Expectations:
	Negative expectations yield negative results.
	Positive expectations yield negative results.


Of course, I speak of nothing else but that classic of understated yet wildly
exciting eroticism, "The Windflower," by Laura London.  Ms. London is the
author of such other philosophical block-busters as "Bad Baron's Daughter,"
"A Heart Too Proud," "Moonlight Mist," and most thigh-warming of all, "Gypsy
Heiress".  Well, glasses-steaming scenes are to be found on every page, to
an extent which overwhelms Your Humble Narrator, and so, in order to save
himself extreme embarrassment, he brings you... the blurb:

	"Every lady of breeding knows: no one has a good time on a pirate
ship.  No one, that is, but the pirates.  Yet there she was, Merry Wilding
-- kidnapped in error, taken from a ship bound from New York to England,
spirited away in a barrel and swept aboard the infamous "Black Joke"...
There she was, trembling with pleasure in the arms of her achingly handsome,
sensationally sensual, golden-haired captor -- Devon."


Confucius say too much.
		-- Recent Chinese proverb


I'm going to give my psychoanalyst one more year, then I'm going to Lourdes.
		-- Woody Allen


Suicide is the sincerest form of self-criticism.
		-- Donald Kaul


Just go with the flow control, roll with the crunches, and, when you get
a prompt, type like hell.


Today is the first day of the rest of your life.


I try not to break the rules but merely to test their elasticity.
		-- Bill Veeck


When the revolution comes, count your change.


Q:	How can you tell if an elephant is having an affair with
	your wife?
A:	You have to wait 22 months.


71:
	69 with two fingers up your ass.
		-- George Carlin


Would you please have another look at my nose and put in that cocaine
stuff ...
		-- Adolf Hitler, quoted by Dr. Giesing in Nuremberg
		   trial testimony, 1947


Ooooooh, nooooooo, not tonite!!


Cutting the space budget really restores my faith in humanity.  It
eliminates dreams, goals, and ideals and lets us get straight to the
business of hate, debauchery, and self-annihilation.
		-- Johnny Hart


Sometimes when you look into his eyes you get the feeling that someone
else is driving.
		-- David Letterman


I would like the government to do all it can to mitigate, then, in
understanding, in mutuality of interest, in concern for the common good,
our tasks will be solved.
		-- Warren G. Harding


A diplomat is a man who can convince his
wife she'd look stout in a fur coat.


Be cautious in your daily affairs.


Call on God, but row away from the rocks.
		-- Indian proverb


I respect faith, but doubt is what gives you an education.
		-- Wilson Mizner


The avoidance of taxes is the only intellectual pursuit that
carries any reward.
		-- John Maynard Keynes


To love is good, love being difficult.


Each new user of a new system uncovers a new class of bugs.
		-- Kernighan


IBM:
	[International Business Machines Corp.]  Also known as Itty Bitty
	Machines or The Lawyer's Friend.  The dominant force in computer
	marketing, having supplied worldwide some 75% of all known hardware
	and 10% of all software.  To protect itself from the litigious envy
	of less successful organizations, such as the US government, IBM
	employs 68% of all known ex-Attorneys' General.


... this is an awesome sight.  The entire rebel resistance buried under six
million hardbound copies of "The Naked Lunch."
		-- The Firesign Theatre


I never take work home with me; I always leave it in some bar along the way.


A man is playing golf at a very exclusive country club when he hits a hole-
in-one.  As he takes his ball from the cup, a genie appears.
	"Since you've made a hole in one, you may have a single wish.  What
is your heart's desire?"
	"Great!", replies the man.  I want a longer penis."
	"Your wish is granted," says the genie, and promptly disappears.
	As the golfer continues through the rest of the course he can
feel his penis slowly growing, to an extent that it's becoming uncomfortable.
By the time he completes the 18th hole it's extended down his pants leg to
his knee.  Thinking to himself that this isn't quite what he had in mind, he
grabs a bucket of balls and heads back out onto the course.  Three weeks later,
he manages another hole-in-one and the genie reappears.
	"Since you've made a hole in one, you may have a single wish.  What
is your heart's desire?"
	"Yeah, I know all that," replies the man.  "Listen, could you make
my legs longer?"


If a man has talent and cannot use it, he has failed.
		-- Thomas Wolfe


We will not be responsible for damage to equipment, your ego, county wide
power outages, spontaneously generated mini (or larger) black holes,
planetary disruptions, or personal injury or worse that may result from the
use of this material.
		-- taken from Samuel M. Goldwasser's
		   Sam's Strobe FAQ Notes on the Troubleshooting
		   and Repair of Electronic Flash Units and Strobe Lights


We Americans, we're a simple people... but piss us off, and we'll bomb
your cities.
		-- Robin Williams


Blessed is the man who, having nothing to say,
abstains from giving wordy evidence of the fact.
		-- George Eliot


Once you've tried to change the world you find
it's a whole bunch easier to change your mind.


I was offered a job as a hoodlum and I turned it down cold.  A thief is
anybody who gets out and works for his living, like robbing a bank or
breaking into a place and stealing stuff, or kidnaping somebody.  He really
gives some effort to it.  A hoodlum is a pretty lousy sort of scum.  He
works for gangsters and bumps guys off when they have been put on the spot.
Why, after I'd made my rep, some of the Chicago Syndicate wanted me to work
for them as a hood -- you know, handling a machine gun.  They offered me
two hundred and fifty dollars a week and all the protection I needed.  I
was on the lam at the time and not able to work at my regular line.  But
I wouldn't consider it.  "I'm a thief," I said.  "I'm no lousy hoodlum."
		-- Alvin Karpis, "Public Enemy Number One"


	"In this replacement Earth we're building they've given me Africa
to do and of course I'm doing it with all fjords again because I happen to
like them, and I'm old-fashioned enough to think that they give a lovely
baroque feel to a continent.  And they tell me it's not equatorial enough.
Equatorial!"  He gave a hollow laugh.  "What does it matter?  Science has
achieved some wonderful things, of course, but I'd far rather be happy than
right any day."
	"And are you?"
	"No.  That's where it all falls down, of course."
	"Pity," said Arthur with sympathy.  "It sounded like quite a good
life-style otherwise."
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Premature optimization is the root of all evil.
		-- Donald E. Knuth


Jack and Jill went up a hill
To fetch a pail of water.
Jack fell down and broke his crown	Jack on Jill produced a thrill
And Jill came tumbling after.		When on the ground he got her,
					Then went down and told the town
					He tumbled Jill and gaffed her.
Jack to Jill thus did such ill
That Jill, to pay the rotter,
Told the town Jack's crown broke down	Jack and Jill have split the bill
When he set out to shaft her.		Since Jack led Jill to totter.
					Half the town deals Jill a frown
					And half greets Jack with laughter.


There is a definite parallel between shots of tequila and a
woman's breasts.  One is not enough and three are too many.


Modem, adj.:
	Up-to-date, new-fangled, as in "Thoroughly Modem Millie."  An
	unfortunate byproduct of kerning.


BACHELOR:
	A guy who is footloose and fiancee-free.


The only qualities for real success in journalism are ratlike cunning, a
plausible manner and a little literary ability.  The capacity to steal
other people's ideas and phrases ... is also invaluable.
		-- Nicolas Tomalin, "Stop the Press, I Want to Get On"


Q:	What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish wake?
A:	One more drunk.


The Stealth Condom -- they'll never see you coming.


I will not say that women have no character; rather, they have a new
one every day.
		-- Heine


The idea is to die young as late as possible.
		-- Ashley Montague


			Get GUMMed
			--- ------
The Gurus of Unix Meeting of Minds (GUMM) takes place Wednesday, April
1, 2076 (check THAT in your perpetual calendar program), 14 feet above
the ground directly in front of the Milpitas Gumps.  Members will grep
each other by the hand (after intro), yacc a lot, smoke filtered
chroots in pipes, chown with forks, use the wc (unless uuclean), fseek
nice zombie processes, strip, and sleep, but not, we hope, od.  Three
days will be devoted to discussion of the ramifications of whodo.  Two
seconds have been allotted for a complete rundown of all the user-
friendly features of Unix.  Seminars include "Everything You Know is
Wrong", led by Tom Kempson, "Batman or Cat:man?" led by Richie Dennis
"cc C?  Si!  Si!" led by Kerwin Bernighan, and "Document Unix, Are You
Kidding?" led by Jan Yeats.  No Reader Service No. is necessary because
all GUGUs (Gurus of Unix Group of Users) already know everything we
could tell them.
		-- Dr. Dobb's Journal, June '84


The San Francisco police are nothing if not sensitive to the mood of the
community.  The word is that Dirty Harry has been replaced by Bitchy Gerald.


A song in time is worth a dime.


If a man stay away from his wife for seven years, the law presumes the
separation to have killed him; yet according to our daily experience,
it might well prolong his life.
		-- Charles Darling, "Scintillae Juris, 1877


The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI", Part IV


One of the oldest problems puzzled over in the Talmud is: "Why did God
create goyim?"  The generally accepted answer is "_s_o_m_e_b_o_d_y has to buy
retail."
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


	After watching an extremely attractive maternity-ward patient
earnestly thumbing her way through a telephone directory for several
minutes, a hospital orderly finally asked if he could be of some help.
	"No, thanks," smiled the young mother, "I'm just looking for a
name for my baby."
	"But the hospital supplies a special booklet that lists hundreds
of first names and their meanings," said the orderly.
	"That won't help," said the woman, "my baby already has a first
name."


...and report cards I was always afraid to show
Mama'd come to school
and as I'd sit there softly cryin'
Teacher'd say he's just not tryin'
Got a good head if he'd apply it
but you know yourself
it's always somewhere else
I'd build me a castle
with dragons and kings
and I'd ride off with them
As I stood by my window
and looked out on those
Brooklyn roads
		-- Neil Diamond, "Brooklyn Roads"


President Reagan has noted that there are too many economic
pundits and forecasters and has decided on an excess prophets tax.


A hand in a bird is worth two on 'er bush.


... C++ offers even more flexible control over the visibility of member
objects and member functions.  Specifically, members may be placed in the
public, private, or protected parts of a class.  Members declared in the
public parts are visible to all clients; members declared in the private
parts are fully encapsulated; and members declared in the protected parts
are visible only to the class itself and its subclasses.  C++ also supports
the notion of *friends*: cooperative classes that are permitted to see each
other's private parts.
		-- Grady Booch, "Object Oriented Design with Applications"


The sudden sight of me causes panic in the streets. They have
yet to learn - only the savage fears what he does not understand.
		-- The Silver Surfer


The common cormorant, or shag, lays eggs inside a paper bag.


Many mental processes admit of being roughly measured.  For instance,
the degree to which people are bored, by counting the number of their
fidgets. I not infrequently tried this method at the meetings of the
Royal Geographical Society, for even there dull memoirs are occasionally
read.  [...]  The use of a watch attracts attention, so I reckon time
by the number of my breathings, of which there are 15 in a minute.  They
are not counted mentally, but are punctuated by pressing with 15 fingers
successively.  The counting is reserved for the fidgets.  These observations
should be confined to persons of middle age.  Children are rarely still,
while elderly philosophers will sometimes remain rigid for minutes altogether.
		-- Francis Galton, 1909


Two is company, three is an orgy.


Fourth Law of Revision:
	It is usually impractical to worry beforehand about
	interferences -- if you have none, someone will make one
	for you.


The story you are about to hear is true.
Only the names have been changed to protect the innocent.


(Sung to the tune of "The Impossible Dream" from MAN OF LA MANCHA)

	To code the impossible code,
	To bring up a virgin machine,
	To pop out of endless recursion,
	To grok what appears on the screen,

	To right the unrightable bug,
	To endlessly twiddle and thrash,
	To mount the unmountable magtape,
	To stop the unstoppable crash!


Q:	What's red and covered with little dents?
A:	Snow White's cherry.


A place for everything and everything in its place.
		-- Isabella Mary Beeton, "The Book of Household Management"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to memory management system services.]


The computer industry is journalists in their 20's standing in awe of
entrepreneurs in their 30's who are hiring salesmen in their 40's and
50's and paying them in the 60's and 70's to bring their marketing into
the 80's.
		-- Marty Winston


FORTRAN rots the brain.
		-- John McQuillin


True to our past we work with an inherited, observed, and accepted vision of
personal futility, and of the beauty of the world.
		-- David Mamet


Your education begins where what is called your education is over.


Flattery will get you everywhere.


	When you see someone across the room and suddenly know for a fact
that he's the most wonderful man on earth, you've got instant lust on your
hands.  Something about the way his tie is knotted is infinitely intriguing
to you, and the swell of his bicep causes inner turmoil.  This is a happy
but fleeting state of affairs.  Usually your feelings die about thirty
seconds after you get up the courage to ask him for the time, since almost
invariably he can't speak English, and if he can, he always says, "Why,
sure, little lady, it's eleven-thirty.  Wanna get high?
	Don't bother thinking that instant lust will turn into the real thing.
It may, but then you may also wake up one morning to find you're the Queen of
Romania.
		-- Cynthia Hemiel, "Sex Tips for Girls"


You can not get anything worthwhile done without raising a sweat.
		-- The First Law Of Thermodynamics

What ever you want is going to cost a little more than it is worth.
		-- The Second Law Of Thermodynamics

You can not win the game, and you are not allowed to stop playing.
		-- The Third Law Of Thermodynamics


	Price Wang's programmer was coding software.  His fingers danced upon
the keyboard.  The program compiled without an error message, and the program
ran like a gentle wind.
	Excellent!" the Price exclaimed, "Your technique is faultless!"
	"Technique?" said the programmer, turning from his terminal, "What I
follow is the Tao -- beyond all technique.  When I first began to program I
would see before me the whole program in one mass.  After three years I no
longer saw this mass.  Instead, I used subroutines.  But now I see nothing.
My whole being exists in a formless void.  My senses are idle.  My spirit,
free to work without a plan, follows its own instinct.  In short, my program
writes itself.  True, sometimes there are difficult problems.  I see them
coming, I slow down, I watch silently.  Then I change a single line of code
and the difficulties vanish like puffs of idle smoke.  I then compile the
program.  I sit still and let the joy of the work fill my being.  I close my
eyes for a moment and then log off."
	Price Wang said, "Would that all of my programmers were as wise!"
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


The honeymoon is over when a quickie before dinner refers to a short drink.


Blessed is the man who, having nothing to say,
abstains from giving wordy evidence of the fact.
		-- George Eliot


Q:	What looks like a cat, flies like a bat, brays like a donkey, and
	plays like a monkey?
A:	Nothing.


Women think of being a man as a gift.  It is a duty.  Even making love can
be a duty.  A man has always got to get it up, and love isn't always enough.
		-- Norman Mailer


Competence, like truth, beauty, and contact lenses,
is in the eye of the beholder.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


The flow chart is a most thoroughly oversold piece of program documentation.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


Never settle with words what you can accomplish with a flame thrower.


Experience is what causes a person
to make new mistakes instead of old ones.


Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.
		-- Euripides


Miller's Slogan:
	Lose a few, lose a few.


I get my exercise acting as pallbearer to my friends who exercise.
		-- Chauncey Depew


If it's not one thing, it's a mother.


Belief, n.:
	Something you do not believe.


There's a lot to be said for not saying a lot.


Dyslexics have more fnu.


Never raise your hand to your children -- it leaves your midsection
unprotected.
		-- Robert Orben


I see a bad moon rising.
I see trouble on the way.
I see earthquakes and lightnin'
I see bad times today.
Don't go 'round tonight,
It's bound to take your life.
There's a bad moon on the rise.
		-- J. C. Fogerty, "Bad Moon Rising"


It doesn't matter what you do, it only matters what you say you've
done and what you're going to do.


It's very inconvenient to be mortal -- you never
know when everything may suddenly stop happening.


The meek inherit the earth -- usually in small sections... about 6 by 3.


There isn't room enough in this dress for both of us!


The first myth of management is that it exists.  The second myth of
management is that success equals skill.
		-- Robert Heller


HERPES:
	The final proof that 'tis better to give than to receive.
	Much better.


The wages of sin are high -- unless you know someone who does it for nothing.


If a can of Alpo costs 38 cents, would it cost $2.50 in Dog Dollars?


Q:	How many Democrats does it take to enjoy a good joke?
A:	One more than you can find.


Pascal, n.:
	A programming language named after a man who would turn over
	in his grave if he knew about it.
		-- Datamation, January 15, 1984


Renning's Maxim:
	Man is the highest animal.  Man does the classifying.


What a bonanza!  An unknown beginner to be directed by Lubitsch, in a script
by Wilder and Brackett, and to play with Paramount's two superstars, Gary
Cooper and Claudette Colbert, and to be beaten up by both of them!
		-- David Niven, "Bring On the Empty Horses"


Everything is controlled by a small evil group
to which, unfortunately, no one we know belongs.


