W. Lafayette may not be the asshole of the universe...
	but you sure as hell can see it from there!


Who made the world I cannot tell;
'Tis made, and here am I in hell.
My hand, though now my knuckles bleed,
I never soiled with such a deed.
		-- A. E. Housman


	When the noted playwright George Bernard Shaw sent him two tickets to
the opening night of his new play with a note that read: "Bring a friend, if
you have one," Churchill, not to be outdone, promptly wired back: "You and
your play can go fuck yourselves."
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


Demonstrating once again the importance of the lowly comma, this
telegram was sent from a wife to her husband:
	"NOT GETTING ANY, BETTER COME HOME AT ONCE."


Flattery will get you everywhere.


When God endowed human beings with brains,
He did not intend to guarantee them.


You will soon meet a person who will play an important role in your life.


The bishop of Alexandretta
Loved a girl and he couldn't forget her.
	So he thought he'd enshrine her
	As the Holy Vagina
In the Church of the Sacred French Letter.


Disclaimer: "These opinions are my own, though for a small fee they be
yours too."
		-- Dave Haynie


A good question is never answered.  It is not a bolt to be tightened
into place but a seed to be planted and to bear more seed toward the
hope of greening the landscape of idea.
		-- John Ciardi


Allen's Axiom:
	When all else fails, read the instructions.


After any salary raise, you will have less money at the end of the
month than you did before.


Other people don't give you orgasms; you have them, and they help you
cash them in.


The ideas of economists and political philosophers, both when they
are right and when they are wrong, are more powerful than is generally
understood.  Indeed, the world is ruled by little else.
		-- John Maynard Keynes


Hug me now, you mad, impetuous fool!!
Oh wait...
I'm a computer, and you're a person.  It would never work out.
Never mind.


Write a wise saying and your name will live forever.
		-- Anonymous


Weiler's Law:
	Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it
	himself.


The English country gentleman galloping after a fox -- the unspeakable
in full pursuit of the uneatable.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "A Woman of No Importance"


An editor is one who separates the wheat from the chaff and prints the chaff.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


Is death legally binding?


Q:	How do you get a woman to stop having sex with you?
A:	Propose.


Nature and nature's laws lay hid in night,
God said, "Let Newton be," and all was light.

It did not last; the devil howling "Ho!
Let Einstein be!" restored the status quo.


You know you're in trouble when...
(1)	You've been at work for an hour before you notice that your
		skirt is caught in your pantyhose.
(2)	Your blind date turns out to be your ex-wife.
(3)	Your income tax check bounces.
(4)	You put both contact lenses in the same eye.
(5)	Your wife says, "Good morning, Bill" and your name is George.
(6)	You wake up to the soothing sound of flowing water... the day
		after you bought a waterbed.
(7)	You go on your honeymoon to a remote little hotel and the desk
		clerk, bell hop, and manager have a "Welcome Back" party
		for your spouse.


You k'n hide de fier, but w'at you gwine do wid de smoke?
		-- Joel Chandler Harris, proverbs of Uncle Remus


When someone makes a move		We'll send them all we've got,
Of which we don't approve,		John Wayne and Randolph Scott,
Who is it that always intervenes?	Remember those exciting fighting scenes?
U.N. and O.A.S.,			To the shores of Tripoli,
They have their place, I guess,		But not to Mississippoli,
But first, send the Marines!		What do we do?  We send the Marines!

For might makes right,			Members of the corps
And till they've seen the light,	All hate the thought of war:
They've got to be protected,		They'd rather kill them off by
						peaceful means.
All their rights respected,		Stop calling it aggression--
Till somebody we like can be elected.	We hate that expression!
					We only want the world to know
					That we support the status quo;
					They love us everywhere we go,
					So when in doubt, send the Marines!
		-- Tom Lehrer, "Send The Marines"


What a man enjoys most about a woman's clothes are his fantasies of how
she would look without them.
		-- Brendan Francis


Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt.
		-- Herbert Hoover


Quigley's Law:
	Whoever has any authority over you,
	no matter how small, will attempt to use it.


That feeling just came over me.
		-- Albert DeSalvo, the "Boston Strangler"


She's looking for:	He's looking for:	Foreplay:
1957			Someone who'll go	Her: Finding a place to put
Mr. Nice Guy		all the way		     her gum
						Him: Wondering which word would
						     best describe her breasts
						     to the guys

1967			Someone who's got	The first ten minutes
Mr. Natural		rolling papers and	of "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida"
			will go all the way

1977			Someone who'll go	Testing the batteries
Mr. Goodbar		all the way in leg
			warmers and a leather
			face mask

1987			Someone who's never	Examination of the genitalia
Mr. Clean		gone all the way in	under the magnifying glass
			San Francisco		that Grandma used for needle-
						point before she passed away
		-- Michael Corcoran, "National Lampoon", October 1987


Early to bed and early to rise makes a man a helluva big nuisance.


TEXAN:
	A wet-back that didn't make Oklahoma.


Feature, n.:
	A surprising property of a program.  Occasionally documented.  To
	call a property a feature sometimes means the author did not
	consider that case, and the program makes an unexpected, though
	not necessarily wrong response.  See BUG.  "That's not a bug, it's
	a feature!"  A bug can be changed to a feature by documenting it.


It's better to be quotable than to be honest.
		-- Tom Stoppard


Q:	What's the difference between a dog and a fox?
A:	About four drinks.


If you lose your temper at a newspaper columnist,
he'll get rich or famous or both.


Remember, Grasshopper, falling down 1000 stairs begins by tripping over
the first one.
		-- Confusion


A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Portrait of Mr. W. H."


Absentee, n.:
	A person with an income who has had the forethought
	to remove himself from the sphere of exaction.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


	Penn's aunts made great apple pies at low prices.  No one else in
town could compete with the pie rates of Penn's aunts.
	During the American Revolution, a Britisher tried to raid a farm.  He
stumbled across a rock on the ground and fell, whereupon an aggressive Rhode
Island Red hopped on top.  Seeing this, the farmer commented, "Chicken catch
a Tory!"
	A wife started serving chopped meat, Monday hamburger, Tuesday meat
loaf, Wednesday tartar steak, and Thursday meatballs.  On Friday morning her
husband snarled, "How now, ground cow?"
	A journalist, thrilled over his dinner, asked the chef for the recipe.
Retorted the chef, "Sorry, we have the same policy as you journalists, we
never reveal our sauce."
	A new chef from India was fired a week after starting the job.  He
kept favoring curry.
	A couple of kids tried using pickles instead of paddles for a Ping-Pong
game.  They had the volley of the Dills.


"The molars, I'm sure, will be all right, the molars can take care of
themselves," the old man said, no longer to me.  "But what will become
of the bicuspids?"
		-- The Old Man and his Bridge


High heels are a device invented by a woman
who was tired of being kissed on the forehead.


Pig, n.:
	An animal (Porcus omnivorous) closely allied to the human race
	by the splendor and vivacity of its appetite, which, however,
	is inferior in scope, for it balks at pig.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Cigarette, n.:
	A fire at one end, a fool at the other, and a bit of tobacco in
	between.


Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be President, but they
don't want them to become politicians in the process.
		-- John F. Kennedy


This land is full of trousers!
this land is full of mausers!
	And pussycats to eat them when the sun goes down!
		-- The Firesign Theatre


Him:	"Your skin is so soft.  Are you a model?"
Her:	"No,"  [blush]  "I'm a cosmetologist."
Him:	"Really? That's incredible...
	It must be very tough to handle weightlessness."
		-- "The Jerk"


			Pittsburgh driver's test
3: When stopped at an intersection you should
	a) watch the traffic light for your lane.
	b) watch for pedestrians crossing the street.
	c) blow the horn.
	d) watch the traffic light for the intersecting street.
The correct answer is d.
You need to start as soon as the traffic light for the intersecting
street turns yellow.
Answer c is worth a half point.


What ever happened to happily ever after?


God instructs the heart, not by ideas,
but by pains and contradictions.
		-- De Caussade


Belief, n.:
	Something you do not believe.


Evil is that which one believes of others.  It is a sin to believe evil
of others, but it is seldom a mistake.
		-- H. L. Mencken


CONSENT DECREE:
	A document in which a hapless company consents never to commit
	in the future whatever heinous violations of Federal law it
	never admitted to in the first place.


Revenge is a form of nostalgia.


There are four stages to a marriage.  First there's the affair, then there's
the marriage, then children and finally the fourth stage, without which you
cannot know a woman, the divorce.
		-- Norman Mailer


Let us not look back in anger or forward
in fear, but around us in awareness.
		-- James Thurber


Mommy, what happens to your files when you die?


Wanna buy a duck?


Man and wife make one fool.


You're being followed.  Cut out the hanky-panky for a few days.


Tell me why the stars do shine,
Tell me why the ivy twines,
Tell me why the sky's so blue,
And I will tell you just why I love you.

	Nuclear fusion makes stars to shine,
	Phototropism makes ivy twine,
	Rayleigh scattering makes sky so blue,
	Sexual hormones are why I love you.


While there's life, there's hope.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)


Body by Nautilus, Brain by Mattel.


Pouring out his troubles to his best friend over a couple of triple martinis,
Brad had to confess that things weren't going too well at home.  "My wife and
I just don't hit it off at night," he was saying to Bart.  "I hate to admit
it, but I'm afraid I just don't know how to make her happy."
	"Hell, boy," said Bart, "there's really nothing to it.  Let me
give you some advice.  At bedtime, switch on a new Sinatra platter, turn
all the lights low and spray some perfume around the room.  Next, tell
your wife to get into her sheerest nightie; then make sure you raise the
bottom window."
	"Then what do I do?" asked Brad.
	"Just whistle."
	"Whistle?"
	"That's right.  I'll be waiting outside the window.  When I hear
you whistle, I'll come right up and finish the job."


Programming is an unnatural act.


Weinberg's First Law:
	Progress is only made on alternate Fridays.


The wages of sin are high -- unless you know someone who does it for nothing.


	"Anything else you wish to draw to my attention, Mr. Holmes ?"
	"The curious incident of the stable dog in the nighttime."
	"But the dog did nothing in the nighttime."
	"That was the curious incident."
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "Silver Blaze"


It's amazing how nice people are to you when they know you're going away.
		-- Michael Arlen


Satellite Safety Tip #14:
	If you see a bright streak in the sky coming at you, duck.


Being a woman is a terribly difficult trade,
since it consists principally of dealings with men.
		-- Conrad


A man usually falls in love with a woman who asks the kinds of questions
he is able to answer.
		-- Ronald Colman


A man without a woman is like a fish without gills.


You are a tower of strength in the office, but only so-so in bed.


Lobster:
  Everyone loves these delectable crustaceans, but many cooks are squeamish
  about placing them into boiling water alive, which is the only proper
  method of preparing them.  Frankly, the easiest way to eliminate your
  guilt is to establish theirs by putting them on trial before they're
  cooked.  The fact is, lobsters are among the most ferocious predators on
  the sea floor, and you're helping reduce crime in the reefs.  Grasp the
  lobster behind the head, look it right in its unmistakably guilty
  eyestalks and say, "Where were you on the night of the 21st?", then
  flourish a picture of a scallop or a sole and shout, "Perhaps this will
  refresh that crude neural apparatus you call a memory!"  The lobster will
  squirm noticeably.  It may even take a swipe at you with one of its claws.
  Incorrigible.  Pop it into the pot.  Justice has been served, and shortly
  you and your friends will be, too.
		-- Dave Barry, Cooking: The Art of Turning Appliances
			and Utensils into Excuses and Apologies


	"I was plodding through the woods when suddenly a giant brown
bear grabbed me from behind and made me drop my gun.  He picked it up
and stuck it in my back."
	"What did you do?"
	"What *could* I do?  I married his daughter."


INTOXICATED:
	When you feel sophisticated without being able to pronounce it.


Of course you have a purpose -- to find a purpose.


Documentation:
	Instructions translated from Swedish by Japanese for English
	speaking persons.


The heroic hours of life do not announce their presence by drum and trumpet,
challenging us to be true to ourselves by appeals to the martial spirit that
keeps the blood at heat.  Some little, unassuming, unobtrusive choice presents
itself before us slyly and craftily, glib and insinuating, in the modest garb
of innocence.  To yield to its blandishments is so easy.  The wrong, it seems,
is venial...  Then it is that you will be summoned to show the courage of
adventurous youth.
		-- Benjamin Cardozo


I once had the wife of a Dean
Seven times while the Dean was out skiin'.
	She remarked with some gaiety,
	"Not bad for the laiety,
Though the Bishop once managed thirteen."


Operator, please trace this call and tell me where I am.


God is a comic playing to an audience that's afraid to laugh.


This is NOT a repeat.


A famous Lisp Hacker noticed an Undergraduate sitting in front of a Xerox
1108, trying to edit a complex Klone network via a browser.  Wanting to help,
the Hacker clicked one of the nodes in the network with the mouse, and asked
"what do you see?"  Very earnestly, the Undergraduate replied, "I see a
cursor."  The Hacker then quickly pressed the boot toggle at the back of
the keyboard, while simultaneously hitting the Undergraduate over the head
with a thick Interlisp Manual.  The Undergraduate was then Enlightened.


Q:	What do you do with an elephant with three balls?
A:	Walk him and pitch to the rhino.


Arrakis teaches the attitude of the knife - chopping off what's
incomplete and saying: "Now it's complete because it's ended here."
		-- Muad'dib, "Dune"


I'm not prejudiced, I hate everyone equally.


LIBERAL:
	Someone too poor to be a capitalist and too rich to be a communist.


QOTD:
	"All I want is a little more than I'll ever get."


For children, a woman.
For pleasure, a boy.
For sheer ecstasy, a melon.


Flon's Law:
	There is not now, and never will be, a language in
	which it is the least bit difficult to write bad programs.


Disclose classified information only when a NEED TO KNOW exists.


I can't stand this proliferation of paperwork.  It's useless to fight the
forms.  You've got to kill the people producing them.
		-- Vladimir Kabaidze, general director of the Ivanovo Machine
		   Building Works (near Moscow) in a speech to the Communist
		   Party Conference


If at first you do succeed, try to hide your astonishment.


The means-and-ends moralists, or non-doers,
always end up on their ends without any means.
		-- Saul Alinsky


Save a little money each month and at the end of the year you'll be
surprised at how little you have.
		-- Ernest Haskins


Blithwapping, v.:
	Using anything BUT a hammer to hammer a nail into the
	wall, such as shoes, lamp bases, doorstops, etc.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Even though they raised the rate for first class mail in the United
States we really shouldn't complain -- it's still only two cents a
day.


AC/DC is a rock band.
		-- Bisexuality, 101


Jesus Never Fails

(He's never taken the Massachusetts Bar Exam, either.)


We totally deny the allegations, and
we're trying to identify the allegators.


Don't worry over what other people are thinking about you.
They're too busy worrying over what you are thinking about them.


Galbraith's Law of Human Nature:
	Faced with the choice between changing one's mind and proving that
	there is no need to do so, almost everybody gets busy on the proof.


The help people need most urgently is
help in admitting that they need help.


COLLEGE:
	The fountains of knowledge, where everyone goes to drink.


O'Toole's commentary on Murphy's Law:
	Murphy was an optimist.


If you steal from one author it's plagiarism; if you steal from
many it's research.
		-- Wilson Mizner


	"The Good Ship Enterprise" (to the tune of "The Good Ship Lollipop")

On the good ship Enterprise
Every week there's a new surprise
Where the Romulans lurk
And the Klingons often go berserk.

Yes, the good ship Enterprise
There's excitement anywhere it flies
Where Tribbles play
And Nurse Chapel never gets her way.

	See Captain Kirk standing on the bridge,
	Mr. Spock is at his side.
	The weekly menace, ooh-ooh
	It gets fried, scattered far and wide.

It's the good ship Enterprise
Heading out where danger lies
And you live in dread
If you're wearing a shirt that's red.
		-- Doris Robin and Karen Trimble of The L.A. Filkharmonics


Q:	How many Zen masters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	None.  The Universe spins the bulb, and the Zen master stays out
	of the way.


Eureka!
		-- Archimedes


We all dream of being the darling of everybody's darling.


Demonstrating once again the importance of the lowly comma, this
telegram was sent from a wife to her husband:
	"NOT GETTING ANY, BETTER COME HOME AT ONCE."


Bureaucrat, n.:
	A politician who has tenure.


Chicken Little was right.


The Great Movie Posters:

*A Giggle Gurgling Gulp of Glee*
With Pretty Girls, Peppy Scenes, and Gorgeous Revues -- plus a good story.
		-- Tea with a Kick (1924)

Whoopie!  Let's go!... Hand-picked Beauties doing cute tricks!
GET IN THE KNOW FOR THE HEY-HEY WHOOPIE!
		-- The Wild Party (1929)

YOU HEAR HIM MAKE LOVE!
DIX -- the dashing soldier!
	DIX -- the bold adventurer!
		DIX -- the throbbing lover!
		-- The Wheel of Life (1929)

SEE CHARLES BUTTERWORTH DRIVE A STREETCAR AND SING LOVE
SONGS TO HIS MARE "MITZIE"!
		-- The Night is Young (1934)


We are so fond of each other because our ailments are the same.
		-- Jonathan Swift


The other day I... uh, no, that wasn't me.
		-- Steven Wright


I never forget a face, but in your case I'll make an exception.
		-- Groucho Marx


You're definitely on their list.
The question to ask next is what list it is.


Success is like a fart -- only your own smells nice.
		-- James P. Hogan


Scientists were preparing an experiment to ask the ultimate question.
They had worked for months gathering one each of every computer that
was built. Finally the big day was at hand.  All the computers were
linked together.  They asked the question, "Is there a God?".  Lights
started blinking, flashing and blinking some more.  Suddenly, there
was a loud crash, and a bolt of lightning came down from the sky,
struck the computers, and welded all the connections permanently
together.  "There is now", came the reply.


When does later become never?


A witty saying proves nothing.
		-- Voltaire


Fine day to work off excess energy.  Steal something heavy.


Man who falls in blast furnace is certain to feel overwrought.


Me, I love the rich.  *Somebody* has to love them.  Sure, a lot
of rich people are assholes, but believe me, a lot of poor people
are assholes too.  And an asshole with money can at least pay
for his own drinks.
		-- Tom Robbins, "Jitterbug Perfume"


Any excuse will serve a tyrant.
		-- Aesop


When a cow laughs, does milk come out of its nose?


   n = (n & 0x55555555) + ((n & 0xaaaaaaaa) >> 1);
   n = (n & 0x33333333) + ((n & 0xcccccccc) >> 2);
   n = (n & 0x0f0f0f0f) + ((n & 0xf0f0f0f0) >> 4);
   n = (n & 0x00ff00ff) + ((n & 0xff00ff00) >> 8);
   n = (n & 0x0000ffff) + ((n & 0xffff0000) >> 16);

		-- C code which counts the bits in a word


Fucking is a filthy deed. -- I like it.
It satisfies a normal need. -- I like it.
	It makes you sick, it makes you well,
	It turns your spine to fucking jell,
It damns your soul to Eternal Hell! -- I like it.


The Force is what holds everything together.
It has its dark side, and it has its light side.
It's sort of like cosmic duct tape.


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"Let the programmer be many and the managers few -- then all will
	be productive."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Research is to see what everybody else has seen,
and think what nobody else has thought.


You have a strong appeal for members of the opposite sex.


BOO!  We changed Coke again!  BLEAH!  BLEAH!


One way to stop a run away horse is to bet on him.


CHASTITY BELT:
	An anti-trust suit.

	(And an unchivalrous knight is the one that files it.)


Fortune's Fictitious Country Song Title of the Week:
	"How Can I Miss You if You Won't Go Away?"


State license plates we'd like to see:

	MICHIGAN				CALIFORNIA
       4-GET 74-77				EGO-MN-E-X
EMBARRASSED HOME STATE OF GERALD FORD	THE SERIAL KILLER STATE

	NORTH CAROLINA				NEW JERSEY
	  WL-GOLLY				 ARG GGH
HOME OF GOMER, GOOBER AND JESSE HELMS	   FIRST IN TOXIC WASTE

	  KANSAS				WASHINGTON DC
	  TOTO -2				$10000000 ETC
THE NOT MUCH SINCE THE WIZARD OF OZ	WASTING YOUR MONEY SINCE 1810
	  MOVIE STATE


4.2 BSD UNIX #57: Sun Jun 1 23:02:07 EDT 1986

You swing at the Sun.  You miss.  The Sun swings.  He hits you with a
575MB disk!  You read the 575MB disk.  It is written in an alien
tongue and cannot be read by your tired Sun-2 eyes.  You throw the
575MB disk at the Sun.  You hit!  The Sun must repair your eyes.  The
Sun reads a scroll.  He hits your 130MB disk!  He has defeated the
130MB disk!  The Sun reads a scroll.  He hits your Ethernet board!  He
has defeated your Ethernet board!  You read a scroll of "postpone until
Monday at 9 AM".  Everything goes dark...
		-- /etc/motd, cbosgd


The meek don't want it.


Ethnologists up with the Sioux
Wired home for two punts, one canoe.
	The answer next day,
	Said, "Girls on the way,
But what the hell's a `panoe'?"


An anthropologist at Tulane has just come back from a field trip to New
Guinea with reports of a tribe so primitive that they have Tide but not
new Tide with lemon-fresh Borax.
		-- David Letterman


