LETTERS TO THE EDITOR (The Times of London)

Dear Sir,

I am firmly opposed to the spread of microchips either to the home or
to the office.  We have more than enough of them foisted upon us in
public places.  They are a disgusting Americanism, and can only result
in the farmers being forced to grow smaller potatoes, which in turn
will cause massive unemployment in the already severely depressed
agricultural industry.

Yours faithfully,
	Capt. Quinton D'Arcy, J. P.
	Sevenoaks


The surest sign that a man is in love is when he divorces his wife.


The average, healthy, well-adjusted adult gets up at seven-thirty in
the morning feeling just terrible.
		-- Jean Kerr


Don't get to bragging.


Aboard the good ship Venus,		The cabin boy, the captain's joy,
The mast it was a penis,		A cunning little nipper,
	Her figurehead				They filled his ass,
	A whore in bed,				With broken glass,
Good grief you should have seen us!	And circumcised the skipper.

The first mate's name was Higgins,	The captain's daughter Mabel,
And Higgins was a biggins,		They screwed when they were able,
	Once round the deck,			They nailed her tits,
	Twice up the mast,			Those nasty shits,
And the rest was used for riggins'!	Right to the captain's table.

The engineer's name was Carter,		The second mate's name was Andy,
And Carter was a farter,		By God, he was a dandy,
	When the wind wouldn't blow,		They broke his cock,
	And the ship couldn't go,		With chunks of rock,
Carter the farter would start her!	For conking in the brandy!


...an experienced, industrious, ambitious, and quite often
picturesque liar.
		-- Mark Twain


There was a little girl
Who had a little curl
Right in the middle of her forehead.
When she was good, she was very, very good
And when she was bad, she was very, very popular.
		-- Max Miller, "The Max Miller Blue Book"


Adler's Distinction:
	Language is all that separates us from the lower animals,
	and from the bureaucrats.


Every love's the love before
In a duller dress.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Summary"


QOTD:
	"Dead people are good at running because they don't
	have to stop and breathe."
		-- Hokey, watching "Night of the Living Dead"


What an artist dies with me!
		-- Nero


Upon leaving a hotel bar one evening, an executive noticed a drunk sitting
on the edge of a potted palm in the lobby, crying like a baby.  Because he'd
had a couple himself that night, and was feeling rather sorry for his fellow
man, he asked the inebriated one what the trouble was.
	"I did a terrible thing tonight," sniffled the drunk.  "I sold my
wife to a guy for a bottle of Scotch."
	"That is terrible," said the man, too much under the weather to
muster any real indignation.  "And now that she's gone, you wish you had her
back."
	"Thas right," said the drunk, still sniffling.
	"You're sorry you sold her, because you realize too late that you
love her," sympathized the executive.
	"No, no," said the drunk.  "I wish I had her back because I'm
thirsty again."


Ma Bell is a mean mother!


The divinity of Jesus is made a convenient cover for absurdity.  Nowhere in
the Gospels do we find a precept for Creeds, Confessions, Oaths, Doctrines,
and whole carloads of other foolish trumpery that we find in Christianity.
		-- John Adams


To be responsive at this time, though I will simply say, and therefore
this is a repeat of what I said previously, that which I am unable to
offer in response is based on information available to make no such
statement.


Crime does not pay... as well as politics.
		-- A. E. Neuman


He was a fiddler, and consequently a rogue.
		-- Jonathan Swift


Government [is] an illusion the governed should not encourage.
		-- John Updike, "Couples"


	"The jig's up, Elman."
	"Which jig?"
		-- Jeff Elman


You just wait, I'll sin till I blow up!
		-- Dylan Thomas


Q:	Why did the tachyon cross the road?
A:	Because it was on the other side.


Somehow I reached excess without ever noticing
when I was passing through satisfaction.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #15

	"Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses."
	And while you're at it, throw in a couple of those Dallas
	Cowboy cheerleaders.


Revenge is sleeping with your enemy's wife.
Sweet revenge is the realization that she's a lousy lay.


	"Are you sure you're not an encyclopedia salesman?"
	"No, Ma'am.  Just a burglar, come to ransack the flat."
		-- Monty Python


The seven year itch comes from fooling around during the fourth, fifth,
and sixth years.


One family builds a wall, two families enjoy it.


Sex is like pizza -- when it's good, it's great; and when it's bad,
it's still darn tasty!


Diplomacy is about surviving until the next century.
Politics is about surviving until Friday afternoon.
		-- Sir Humphrey Appleby


Do not overtax your powers.


If you have never been hated by your child, you have never been a parent.
		-- Bette Davis


Young men want to be faithful and are not;
old men want to be faithless and cannot.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Tom's hungry, time to eat lunch.


Condoms are the feminists' revenge on men for diaphragms.
		-- Robin Williams


This is not the age of pamphleteers. It is the age of the engineers.  The
spark-gap is mightier than the pen.  Democracy will not be salvaged by men
who talk fluently, debate forcefully and quote aptly.
		-- Lancelot Hogben, Science for the Citizen, 1938


Be careful when a loop exits to the same place from side and bottom.


If mathematically you end up with the wrong
answer, try multiplying by the page number.


These activities have their own rules and methods
of concealment which seek to mislead and obscure.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower, 1960


Coward, n.:
	One who in a perilous emergency thinks with his legs.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Velilind's Laws of Experimentation:
	1. If reproducibility may be a problem, conduct the test only once.
	2. If a straight line fit is required, obtain only two data points.


Post proelium, praemium.
[After the battle, the reward.]


RADIO SHACK LEVEL II BASIC
READY
>_


Think of your family tonight.
Try to crawl home after the computer crashes.


Happiness, n.:
	Finding the owner of a lost bikini.


Take what you can use and let the rest go by.
		-- Ken Kesey


What an artist dies with me!
		-- Nero


Statistics are no substitute for judgment.
		-- Henry Clay


Mother told me to be good, but she's been wrong before.


System going down at 5 this afternoon to install scheduler bug.


Aphorism, n.:
	A concise, clever statement.
Afterism, n.:
	A concise, clever statement you don't think of until too late.
		-- James Alexander Thom


Do your part to help preserve life on
Earth -- by trying to preserve your own.


Every morning is a Smirnoff morning.


Bi, n.:
	When *everybody* thinks you're a pervert.


A man without a woman is like a statue without pigeons.


A gentleman is a man who wouldn't hit a lady with his hat on.
		-- Evan Esar
		[ And why not?  For why does she have his hat on?  Ed.]


Life is a concentration camp.  You're stuck here and there's no way
out and you can only rage impotently against your persecutors.
		-- Woody Allen


The worst cliques are those which consist of one man.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Do more than anyone expects, and pretty soon everyone will expect more.


TIRED of calculating components of vectors?  Displacements along direction of
force getting you down?  Well, now there's help.  Try amazing "Dot-Product",
the fast, easy way many professionals have used for years and is now available
to YOU through this special offer.  Three out of five engineering consultants
recommend "Dot-Product" for their clients who use vector products.  Mr.
Gumbinowitz, mechanical engineer, in a hidden-camera interview...
	"Dot-Product really works!  Calculating Z-axis force components has
	never been easier."
Yes, you too can take advantage of the amazing properties of Dot-Product.  Use
it to calculate forces, velocities, displacements, and virtually any vector
components.  How much would you pay for it?  But wait, it also calculates the
work done in Joules, Ergs, and, yes, even BTUs.  Divide Dot-Product by the
magnitude of the vectors and it becomes an instant angle calculator!  Now, how
much would you pay?  All this can be yours for the low, low price of $19.95!!
But that's not all!  If you order before midnight, you'll also get "Famous
Numbers of Famous People" as a bonus gift, absolutely free!  Yes, you'll get
Avogadro's number, Planck's, Euler's, Boltzmann's, and many, many, more!!
Call 1-800-DOT-6000.  Operators are standing by.  That number again...
1-800-DOT-6000.  Supplies are limited, so act now.  This offer is not
available through stores and is void where prohibited by law.


I lay my head on the railroad tracks,
Waitin' for the double E.
The railroad don't run no more.
Poor poor pitiful me.			[chorus]
	Poor poor pitiful me, poor poor pitiful me.
	These young girls won't let me be,
	Lord have mercy on me!
	Woe is me!

Well, I met a girl, West Hollywood,
Well, I ain't naming names.
But she really worked me over good,
She was just like Jesse James.
She really worked me over good,
She was a credit to her gender.
She put me through some changes, boy,
Sort of like a Waring blender.		[chorus]

I met a girl at the Rainbow Bar,
She asked me if I'd beat her.
She took me back to the Hyatt House,
I don't want to talk about it.		[chorus]
		-- Warren Zevon, "Poor Poor Pitiful Me"


Many people are desperately looking for some wise advice
which will recommend that they do what they want to do.


Some men are discovered; others are found out.


Save a mouse, eat a pussy!


If you are smart enough to know that you're not
smart enough to be an Engineer, then you're in Business.


Some circumstantial evidence is very strong,
as when you find a trout in the milk.
		-- Thoreau


To err is human -- but it feels divine.
		-- Mae West


There's something the technicians need to learn from the artists.
If it isn't aesthetically pleasing, it's probably wrong.


The average income of the modern teenager is about 2AM.


It's later than you think, the joint
Russian-American space mission has already begun.


Some things have to be believed to be seen.


		DETERIORATA

Go placidly amid the noise and waste,
And remember what comfort there may be in owning a piece thereof.
Avoid quiet and passive persons, unless you are in need of sleep.
Rotate your tires.
Speak glowingly of those greater than yourself,
And heed well their advice -- even though they be turkeys.
Know what to kiss -- and when.
Remember that two wrongs never make a right,
But that three do.
Wherever possible, put people on "HOLD".
Be comforted, that in the face of all aridity and disillusionment,
And despite the changing fortunes of time,
There is always a big future in computer maintenance.

	You are a fluke of the universe ...
	You have no right to be here.
	Whether you can hear it or not, the universe
	Is laughing behind your back.
		-- National Lampoon


White House carpenters have reworked the master bedroom, remodeling it
so that Ronnie can sleep with his head in the hall.  That way, by the
time he wakes up, somebody will have already shined his hair.


What did you bring that book I didn't want
to be read to out of about Down Under up for?


FORTRAN is the language of Powerful Computers.
		-- Steven Feiner


How do you explain school to a higher intelligence?
		-- Elliot, "E.T."


When someone says "I want a programming language in
which I need only say what I wish done," give him a lollipop.


You know you're getting old when you're Dad, and you're measuring your
daughter for camp clothes, and there are certain measurements only her
mother is allowed to take.


Keep ancient lands, your storied pomp! cries she
With silent lips.  Give me your tired, your poor,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.
Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me...
		-- Emma Lazarus, "The New Colossus"


There are no data that cannot be plotted on a straight line if the axes
are chosen correctly.


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #108

In Memphis, Tennessee, it is illegal for a woman to drive a car unless
there is a man either running or walking in front of it waving a red
flag to warn approaching motorists and pedestrians.


[Norm returns from the hospital.]

Coach:  What's up, Norm?
Norm:   Everything that's supposed to be.
		-- Cheers, Diane Meets Mom

Sam:	What's new, Normie?
Norm:	Terrorists, Sam.  They've taken over my stomach.
	They're demanding beer.
		-- Cheers, The Heart is a Lonely Snipehunter

Coach: What'll it be, Normie?
Norm:  Just the usual, Coach.  I'll have a froth of beer and a snorkel.
		-- Cheers, King of the Hill


You can't cheat the phone company.


To accuse others for one's own misfortunes is a sign of want of education.
To accuse oneself shows that one's education has begun.  To accuse neither
oneself nor others shows that one's education is complete.
		-- Epictetus


I am the mother of all things, and all things should wear a sweater.


If it's not one thing, it's a mother.


The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep.
		-- W. C. Fields


God is an atheist.


Be open to other people -- they may enrich your dream.


QOTD:
	"Silence is the only virtue he has left."


While not actually a sailor, I certainly enjoy getting blown ashore.


Was it you that did the pushin',
Left the stains upon the cushion,
The footprints on the dashboard upside-down?
Was it you, you little pecker,
That got into my Rebecca,
If you did, you'd better leave this town!

Yes, 'twas I that did the pushin',
Left the stains upon the cushion,
Footprints on the dashboard upside-down.
But since I stuck your daughter,
I've had trouble passin' water,
So I guess we're kind of even all around!


When the English language gets in my way, I walk over it.
		-- Billy Sunday


Hi, I'm Preston A. Mantis, president of Consumers Retail Law Outlet.
As you can see by my suit and the fact that I have all these books of
equal height on the shelves behind me, I am a trained legal attorney.
Do you have a car or a job?  Do you ever walk around?  If so, you
probably have the makings of an excellent legal case.  Although of
course every case is different, I would definitely say that based on my
experience and training, there's no reason why you shouldn't come out
of this thing with at least a cabin cruiser.

Remember, at the Preston A. Mantis Consumers Retail Law Outlet, our
motto is:  "It is very difficult to disprove certain kinds of pain."
		-- Dave Barry, "Pain and Suffering"


Nice guys don't finish nice.


Just think -- blessed SCSI cables!  Do a big enough sacrifice and create
a +5 blessed SCSI cable of connectivity.
		-- Lionel Lauer


		The Three Major Kind of Tools

* Tools for hitting things to make them loose or to tighten them up or
  jar their many complex, sophisticated electrical parts in such a
  manner that they function perfectly.  (These are your hammers, maces,
  bludgeons, and truncheons.)

* Tools that, if dropped properly, can penetrate your foot.  (Awls)

* Tools that nobody should ever use because the potential danger is far
  greater than the value of any project that could possibly result.
  (Power saws, power drills, power staplers, any kind of tool that uses
  any kind of power more advanced than flashlight batteries.)
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


The discerning person is always at a disadvantage.


You can't say civilization don't advance... in every war they kill you a
new way.
		-- Will Rogers


A friend in need is a pest indeed.


Snow Day -- stay home.


How can you think and hit at the same time?
		-- Yogi Berra


All that glitters is not gold; all that wander are not lost.


I'd probably settle for a vampire if he were romantic enough.
Couldn't be any worse than some of the relationships I've had.
		-- Brenda Starr


Every morning is a Smirnoff morning.


The duck hunter trained his retriever to walk on water.  Eager to show off
this amazing accomplishment, he asked a friend to go along on his next
hunting trip.  Saying nothing, he fired his first shot and, as the duck fell,
the dog walked on the surface of the water, retrieved the duck and returned
it to his master.
	"Notice anything?" the owner asked eagerly.
	"Yes," said his friend, "I see that fool dog of yours can't swim."


It seems to make an auto driver mad if he misses you.


The only difference between your current lover and a doorknob is
that a doorknob warms up when you hold it.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(9) Americans opposing America is not always sacred nor courageous ...
    it is sometimes dangerous.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


The Poems, all three hundred of them,
may be summed up in one of their phrases:
"Let our thoughts be correct".
		-- Confucius


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #7:

Q:  What happened then?
A:  He told me, he says, "I have to kill you because you can identify
    me."
Q:  Did he kill you?
A:  No.


Power corrupts.  And atomic power corrupts atomically.


Mistress, n.:
	Something between a mister and a mattress.


Good night to spend with family, but avoid arguments with your mate's
new lover.


Goldenstern's Rules:
	1.  Always hire a rich attorney.
	2.  Never buy from a rich salesman.


There's something different about us -- different from people of Europe,
Africa, Asia ... a deep and abiding belief in the Easter Bunny.
		-- G. Gordon Liddy


A bureaucracy is like a septic tank -- all the really big shits float
to the top.


When better women are made, computer programmers will make them.


All the men on my staff can type.
		-- Bella Abzug


When it all boils down to the essence of truth one must live by a dog's
rule of life: if you can't eat it or fuck it, piss on it!


The test of intelligent tinkering is to save all the parts.
		-- Aldo Leopold


Yawd [noun, Bostonese]:  the campus of Have Id.
		-- Webster's Unafraid Dictionary


Must be getting close to town -- we're hitting more people.


The longer the title, the less important the job.


Christianity has not been tried and found wanting; it has been
found difficult and not tried.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


You pedophiliac sodomizer of ducklings!!


Saliva causes cancer, but only if swallowed
in small amounts over a long period of time.
		-- George Carlin


Honi soit la vache qui rit.


A man of genius makes no mistakes.
His errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery.
		-- James Joyce, "Ulysses"


Sticks and stones may break my bones but whips and chains excite me!!!


Troglodytism does not necessarily imply a low cultural level.


We boggies are a hairy folk		Ever hungry, ever thirsting,
Who like to eat until we choke.		Never stop till belly's bursting.
Loving all like friend and brother,	Chewing chop and pork and muttons,
And hardly ever eat each other.		A merry race of boring gluttons.

Sing: GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE.

Boggies gather 'round the table,	Anything edible, we've got dibs on,
Eat as much as you are able.		And hope we all die with our bibs on.
Gorge yourselves from moon till noon	Ever gay, we'll never grow up,
(Don't forget your plate and spoon.)	Come! And sing and play and throw-up!

Sing: GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE!
		-- Bored of the Rings, "The Hobbits National Anthem"


	My message is not that biological determinists were bad scientists or
even that they were always wrong.  Rather, I believe that science must be
understood as a social phenomenon, a gutsy, human enterprise, not the work of
robots programmed to collect pure information.  I also present this view as
an upbeat for science, not as a gloomy epitaph for a noble hope sacrificed on
the alter of human limitations.
	I believe that a factual reality exists and that science, though often
in an obtuse and erratic manner, can learn about it.  Galileo was not shown
the instruments of torture in an abstract debate about lunar motion.  He had
threatened the Church's conventional argument for social and doctrinal
stability:  the static world order with planets circling about a central
earth, priests subordinate to the Pope and serfs to their lord.  But the
Church soon made its peace with Galileo's cosmology.  They had no choice; the
earth really does revolve about the sun.
		-- S. J. Gould, "The Mismeasure of Man"


... and no philosophy, sadly, has all the answers.  No matter how assured
we may be about certain aspects of our belief, there are always painful
inconsistencies, exceptions, and contradictions.  This is true in religion
as it is in politics, and is self-evident to all except fanatics and the
naive.  As for the fanatics, whose number is legion in our own time, we
might be advised to leave them to heaven.  They will not, unfortunately, do
us the same courtesy.  They attack us and each other, and whatever their
protestations to peaceful intent, the bloody record of history makes clear
that they are easily disposed to restore to the sword.  My own belief in
God, then, is just that -- a matter of belief, not knowledge.  My respect
for Jesus Christ arises from the fact that He seems to have been the most
virtuous inhabitant of Planet Earth.  But even well-educated Christians are
frustrated in their thirst for certainty about the beloved figure of Jesus
because of the undeniable ambiguity of the scriptural record.  Such ambiguity
is not apparent to children or fanatics, but every recognized Bible scholar
is perfectly aware of it.  Some Christians, alas, resort to formal lying to
obscure such reality.
		-- Steve Allen


Many a man in love with a dimple makes the mistake of marrying the
whole girl.
		-- Stephen Leacock


	He had been bitten by a dog, but didn't give it much thought
until he noticed that the wound was taking a remarkably long time to
heal.  Finally, he consulted a doctor who took one look at it and
ordered the dog brought in.  Just as he had suspected, the dog had
rabies.  Since it was too late to give the patient serum, the doctor
felt he had to prepare him for the worst.  The poor man sat down at the
doctor's desk and began to write.  His physician tried to comfort him.
"Perhaps it won't be so bad," he said. "You needn't make out your will
right now."
	"I'm not making out any will," relied the man.  "I'm just writing
out a list of people I'm going to bite!"


Democracy is also a form of worship.
It is the worship of Jackals by Jackasses.
		-- H. L. Mencken


