All the passions make us commit faults; love makes us commit the most
ridiculous ones.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


Life is too short to stuff a mushroom.
		-- Storm Jameson


Paul's Law:
	In America, it's not how much an item costs, it's how much you
	save.


After your lover has gone you will still have PEANUT BUTTER!


May all your Emus lay soft boiled eggs, and may all your
Kangaroos be born with iPods already fitted.
		-- Aussie New Years wish, found on hasselbladinfo.com


Hell hath no fury like a bureaucrat scorned.
		-- Milton Friedman


In a medium in which a News Piece takes a minute and an "In-Depth"
Piece takes two minutes, the Simple will drive out the Complex.
		-- Frank Mankiewicz


Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious.
		-- Oscar Wilde


If it flies, floats or fucks, rent it, don't buy it.
		-- Tommy Earl Bruner


Ours is a world where people don't know what they
want and are willing to go through hell to get it.


Be careful when you bite into your hamburger.
		-- Derek Bok


While money can't buy happiness, it certainly
lets you choose your own form of misery.


I do desire we may be better strangers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"


Both models are identical in performance, functional operation, and
interface circuit details.  The two models, however, are not compatible
on the same communications line connection.
		-- Bell System Technical Reference


Never trust a child farther than you can throw it.


The closest to perfection a person ever comes
is when he fills out a job application form.
		-- Stanley J. Randall


The universe is laughing behind your back.


Real programmers don't draw flowcharts.  Flowcharts are, after all, the
illiterate's form of documentation.  Cavemen drew flowcharts; look how much
good it did them.


Il y avait un plombier, Francois,
Qui plombait sa femme dans le Bois.
	Dit-elle, "Arretez!
	J'entends quelqu'un venait."
Dit le plombier, en plombant, "C'est moi."


Poorman's Rule:
	When you pull a plastic garbage bag from its handy dispenser
	package, you always get hold of the closed end and try to
	pull it open.


Beware of friends who are false and deceitful.


A distraught patient phoned her doctor's office.  "Was it true," the woman
inquired, "that the medication the doctor had prescribed was for the rest
of her life?"
	She was told that it was.  There was just a moment of silence before
the woman proceeded bravely on.  "Well, I'm wondering, then, how serious my
condition is.  This prescription is marked `NO REFILLS'".


He who has but four and spends five has no need for a wallet.


American by birth; Texan by the grace of God.


Anthony's Law of Force:
	Don't force it; get a larger hammer.


We rarely find anyone who can say he has lived a happy life, and who,
content with his life, can retire from the world like a satisfied guest.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


It is not doing the thing we like to do, but liking the thing we have to do,
that makes life blessed.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


What passes for optimism is most often the effect of an intellectual error.
		-- Raymond Aron, "The Opium of the Intellectuals"


When I came back to Dublin I was courtmartialed in my absence and sentenced
to death in my absence, so I said they could shoot me in my absence.
		-- Brendan Behan


Think honk if you're a telepath.


A bird in the hand makes it awfully hard to blow your nose.


Q:	How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Whereas the party of the first part, also known as "Lawyer",
	and the party of the second part, also known as "Light Bulb",
	do hereby and forthwith agree to a transaction wherein the
	party of the second part shall be removed from the current
	position as a result of failure to perform previously agreed
	upon duties, i.e., the lighting, elucidation, and otherwise
	illumination of the area ranging from the front (north) door,
	through the entryway, terminating at an area just inside the
	primary living area, demarcated by the beginning of the carpet,
	any spillover illumination being at the option of the party of
	the second part and not required by the aforementioned agreement
	between the parties.

	The aforementioned removal transaction shall include, but not
	be limited to, the following.  The party of the first part
	shall, with or without elevation at his option, by means of a
	chair, stepstool, ladder or any other means of elevation, grasp
	the party of the second part and rotate the party of the second
	part in a counter-clockwise direction, this point being tendered
	non-negotiable.  Upon reaching a point where the party of the
	second part becomes fully detached from the receptacle, the
	party of the first part shall have the option of disposing of
	the party of the second part in a manner consistent with all
	relevant and applicable local, state and federal statutes.

	Once separation and disposal have been achieved, the party of
	the first part shall have the option of beginning installation.
	Aforesaid installation shall occur in a manner consistent with
	the reverse of the procedures described in step one of this
	self-same document, being careful to note that the rotation
	should occur in a clockwise direction, this point also being
	non-negotiable.

	The above described steps may be performed, at the option of
	the party of the first part, by any or all agents authorized
	by him, the objective being to produce the most possible
	revenue for the Partnership.


If life isn't what you wanted, have you asked for anything else?


I told my doctor I got all the exercise I needed being a
pallbearer for all my friends who run and do exercises!
		-- Winston Churchill


There's a man deeply in debt, see, and he takes the money he has left
and goes to Monte Carlo to try to recoup at the roulette tables.  Won a
little, lost a lot, and was down to his last franc.  Prayed for help.
A voice whispered in his ear: "Le rouge..."  Man looked around; nobody
there.  What the hell -- he puts his last franc on the red, and it won.
The voice immediately said, "Encore le rouge..."  Played red again, and
it won again.  The voice said, "Impair..."  Played odd, and it won.  Voice
said, "Quinze..." so he put all the money on 15, and it won.  This went
on for hours, the voice telling him what to bet, and the man putting all
his money on what the voice said, and winning.  Finally when the voice
spoke, the man protested that he'd won millions of dollars and wanted to
quit.  The voice was inexorable: "Douze..."  The man put the money on 12,
and 11 came up -- he had lost everything -- the voice murmured "Merde!!"


Oh, give me a home,
Where the buffalo roam,
And I'll show you a house with a really messy kitchen.


I'm an artist.
But it's not what I really want to do.
What I really want to do is be a shoe salesman.
I know what you're going to say --
"Dreamer!  Get your head out of the clouds."
All right!  But it's what I want to do.
Instead I have to go on painting all day long.

The world should make a place for shoe salesmen.
		-- J. Feiffer


Taken from actual police car videos:

(7) Fair?  You want me to be fair?  Listen, fair is a place where you
    go to ride on rides, eat cotton candy, and step in monkey poop.
(6) Yeah, we have a quota.  Two more tickets and my wife gets a toaster
    oven.
(5) No, sir, we don't have quotas anymore.  We used to have quotas but
    now we're allowed to write as many tickets as we want.
(4) Just how big were those two beers?
(3) In God we trust, all others we run through CPIC/NCIC.
(2) I'm glad to hear the Chief of Police is a good personal friend of
    yours.  At least you know someone who can post your bail.
(1) You didn't think we gave pretty women tickets?
    You're right, we don't -- sign here.


Life may have no meaning, or, even worse,
it may have a meaning of which you disapprove.


"I'm dying," he croaked.
"My experiment was a success," the chemist retorted.
"You can't really train a beagle," he dogmatized.
"That's no beagle, it's a mongrel," she muttered.
"The fire is going out," he bellowed.
"Bad marksmanship," the hunter groused.
"You ought to see a psychiatrist," he reminded me.
"You snake," she rattled.
"Someone's at the door," she chimed.
"Company's coming," she guessed.
"Dawn came too soon," she mourned.
"I think I'll end it all," Sue sighed.
"I ordered chocolate, not vanilla," I screamed.
"Your embroidery is sloppy," she needled cruelly.
"Where did you get this meat?" he bridled hoarsely.
		-- Gyles Brandreth, "The Joy of Lex"


You canna change the laws of physics, Captain;
I've got to have thirty minutes!


If we see the light at the end of the tunnel
It's the light of an oncoming train.
		-- Robert Lowell


You can lead a whore to Vasser, but you can't make her think.
		-- Frederick B. Artz


The opposite of a profound truth may well be another profound truth.
		-- Niels Bohr


Why do mathematicians insist on using words that already have another
meaning?  "It is the complex case that is easier to deal with."  "If it
doesn't happen at a corner, but at an edge, it nonetheless happens at a
corner."


			Get GUMMed
			--- ------
The Gurus of Unix Meeting of Minds (GUMM) takes place Wednesday, April
1, 2076 (check THAT in your perpetual calendar program), 14 feet above
the ground directly in front of the Milpitas Gumps.  Members will grep
each other by the hand (after intro), yacc a lot, smoke filtered
chroots in pipes, chown with forks, use the wc (unless uuclean), fseek
nice zombie processes, strip, and sleep, but not, we hope, od.  Three
days will be devoted to discussion of the ramifications of whodo.  Two
seconds have been allotted for a complete rundown of all the user-
friendly features of Unix.  Seminars include "Everything You Know is
Wrong", led by Tom Kempson, "Batman or Cat:man?" led by Richie Dennis
"cc C?  Si!  Si!" led by Kerwin Bernighan, and "Document Unix, Are You
Kidding?" led by Jan Yeats.  No Reader Service No. is necessary because
all GUGUs (Gurus of Unix Group of Users) already know everything we
could tell them.
		-- Dr. Dobb's Journal, June '84


Beat your son every day; you may not know why, but he will.


Kettering's Observation:
	Logic is an organized way of going wrong with confidence.


Mothers of large families (who claim to common sense)
Will find a Tiger will repay the trouble and expense.
		-- Hilaire Belloc, "The Tiger"


Usually, when a lot of men get together, it's called a war.
		-- Mel Brooks, "The Listener"


A man is walking along when he sees a funeral procession going by, the
longest procession he's ever seen.  It seems to consist of the hearse,
followed by a man with a Doberman on a leash, followed by several hundred
other men.  After watching for a few minutes, he can restrain his curiosity
no longer, and walks up to one of the mourners.
	"Excuse me, sir, I don't mean to bother you in your moment of grief,
but this is the strangest procession I've ever seen.  What happened, who is
the funeral for?"
	"Well, it's nothing special, really, the funeral is for the mother-
in-law of the man at the front of the procession.  You see, his Doberman
attacked and killed her."
	"That's awful!", replies the onlooker.  "But... um... tell me, you
don't think he'd let me borrow that dog, do you?"
	"Get in line, buddy," replies the mourner, "get in line."


Every program is a part of some other program, and rarely fits.


In order to dial out, it is necessary to broaden one's dimension.


With every passing hour our solar system comes forty-three thousand
miles closer to globular cluster M13 in the constellation Hercules,
and still there are some misfits who continue to insist that there
is no such thing as progress.
		-- Ransom K. Ferm


War spares not the brave, but the cowardly.
		-- Anacreon


I had a virgin once.  I had to go to Guatemala for her.  She was blind
in one eye, and she had a stuffed alligator that said, "Welcome to Miami
Beach."
		-- The Stunt Man


It is better to be on penicillin, than never to have loved at all.


Indiana is a state dedicated to basketball.  Basketball, soybeans, hogs and
basketball.  Berkeley, needless to say, is not nearly as athletic.  Berkeley
is dedicated to coffee, angst, potholes and coffee.
		-- Carolyn Jones


Sex is about as important as a cheese sandwich.  But a cheese sandwich,
if you ain't got one to put in your belly, is extremely important.
		-- Ian Dury


A gourmet restaurant in Cincinnati is one where you leave the tray on
the table after you eat.


PISCES (Feb.19 - Mar.20)
	You will get some very interesting news of a promotion today.
	It will go to someone in the office you dislike and will be the
	job you wanted.  Don't lend anyone a car today.  You don't have
	a car.


After an instrument has been assembled,
extra components will be found on the bench.


The Ken Thompson school of thought on expert systems:
there's table lookup, fraud, and grand fraud.
		-- Andrew Hume


      /\
     \\ \
  / \ \\ /
 / / \/ / //\	SUN of them wants to use you,
 \//\   \// /	SUN of them wants to be used by you,
  / /  /\  /	SUN of them wants to abuse you,
   /  \\ \	SUN of them wants to be abused ...
     \ \\
      \/
		-- Eurythmics


Every program is a part of some other program, and rarely fits.


The notion that the church, the press, and the universities should
serve the state is essentially a Communist notion ... In a free society
these institutions must be wholly free -- which is to say that their
function is to serve as checks upon the state.
		-- Alan Barth


No rock so hard but that a little wave
May beat admission in a thousand years.
		-- Tennyson


	"Have you lived here all your life?"
	"Oh, twice that long."


	"Sheriff, we gotta catch Black Bart."
	"Oh, yeah?  What's he look like?"
	"Well, he's wearin' a paper hat, a paper shirt, paper pants and
paper boots."
	"What's he wanted for?"
	"Rustling."


TAX OFFICE:
	Den of inequity.


Life in this society being, at best, an utter bore and no aspect of society
being at all relevant to women, there remains to civic-minded responsible
thrill-seeking females only to overthrow the government, eliminate the money
system, institute complete automation and destroy the male sex.
		-- Valerie Solanas


Finagle's Third Law:
	In any collection of data, the figure most obviously correct,
	beyond all need of checking, is the mistake.

Corollaries:
	1. Nobody whom you ask for help will see it.
	2. The first person who stops by, whose advice you really
	   don't want to hear, will see it immediately.


"The testes are cooler outside,"
Said the doc to the curious bride,
	"For the semen must not
	Get too fucking hot,
And the bag fans your bum on the ride."


Randel, n.:
	A nonsensical poem recited by Irish schoolboys as an apology
for farting at a friend.
		-- Mrs. Byrne's Dictionary of Unusual, Obscure, and
		   Preposterous Words


If you cannot convince them, confuse them.
		-- Harry S. Truman


Cerebral atrophy, n.:
	The phenomena which occurs as brain cells become weak and sick, and
impair the brain's performance.  An abundance of these "bad" cells can cause
symptoms related to senility, apathy, depression, and overall poor academic
performance.  A certain small number of brain cells will deteriorate due to
everyday activity, but large amounts are weakened by intense mental effort
and the assimilation of difficult concepts.  Many college students become
victims of this dread disorder due to poor habits such as overstudying.

Cerebral darwinism, n.:
	The theory that the effects of cerebral atrophy can be reversed
through the purging action of heavy alcohol consumption.  Large amounts of
alcohol cause many brain cells to perish due to oxygen deprivation.  Through
the process of natural selection, the weak and sick brain cells will die
first, leaving only the healthy cells.  This wonderful process leaves the
imbiber with a healthier, more vibrant brain, and increases mental capacity.
Thus, the devastating effects of cerebral atrophy are reversed, and academic
performance actually increases beyond previous levels.


Maj. Bloodnok:	Seagoon, you're a coward!
Seagoon:	Only in the holiday season.
Maj. Bloodnok:	Ah, another Noel Coward!


The world is coming to an end.  Please log off.


Before I knew the best part of my life had come, it had gone.


Shift to the left,
Shift to the right,
Mask in, mask out,
BYTE, BYTE, BYTE !!!


Often things ARE as bad as they seem!


We are stronger than our skin of flesh and metal, for we carry and
share a spectrum of suns and lands that lends us legends as we craft
our immortality and interweave our destinies of water and air,
leaving shadows that gather color of their own, until they outshine
the substance that cast them.


Miksch's Law:
	If a string has one end, then it has another end.


An office party is not, as is sometimes supposed the Managing Director's
chance to kiss the tea-girl.  It is the tea-girl's chance to kiss the
Managing Director (however bizarre an ambition this may seem to anyone
who has seen the Managing Director face on).
		-- Katherine Whitehorn, "Roundabout"


Cable is not a luxury, since many areas have poor TV reception.
		-- The Mayor of Tucson, Arizona, 1989


How apt the poor are to be proud.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Twelfth-Night"


Has everyone noticed that all the letters of the word "database" are typed
with the left hand?  Now the layout of the QWERTYUIOP typewriter keyboard
was designed, among other things, to facilitate the even use of both hands.
It follows, therefore, that writing about databases is not only unnatural,
but a lot harder than it appears.


When a shepherd goes to kill a wolf, and takes his dog along to see
the sport, he should take care to avoid mistakes.  The dog has certain
relationships to the wolf the shepherd may have forgotten.
		-- Robert Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"


Every group has a couple of experts.  And every group has at least one
idiot.  Thus are balance and harmony (and discord) maintained.  It's
sometimes hard to remember this in the bulk of the flamewars that all
of the hassle and pain is generally caused by one or two
highly-motivated, caustic twits.
		-- Chuq Von Rospach, about Usenet


Life is one long struggle in the dark.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


The buffalo isn't as dangerous as everyone makes him out to be.
Statistics prove that in the United States more Americans are killed in
automobile accidents than are killed by buffalo.
		-- Art Buchwald


She is descended from a long line that her mother listened to.
		-- Gypsy Rose Lee


Ben, why didn't you tell me?
		-- Luke Skywalker


Oh Dad!  We're ALL Devo!


FORTUNE'S GUIDE TO DEALING WITH REAL-LIFE SCIENCE FICTION: #2
What to do...
    if you get a phone call from Mars:
	Speak slowly and be sure to enunciate your words properly.  Limit
	your vocabulary to simple words.  Try to determine if you are
	speaking to someone in a leadership capacity, or an ordinary citizen.

    if he, she or it doesn't speak English?
	Hang up.  There's no sense in trying to learn Martian over the phone.
	If your Martian really had something important to say to you, he, she
	or it would have taken the trouble to learn the language before
	calling.

    if you get a phone call from Jupiter?
	Explain to your caller, politely but firmly, that being from Jupiter,
	he, she or it is not "life as we know it".  Try to terminate the
	conversation as soon as possible.  It will not profit you, and the
	charges may have been reversed.


White dwarf seeks red giant for binary relationship.


What is wanted is not the will to believe, but the will to find out,
which is the exact opposite.
		-- Bertrand Russell, "Skeptical_Essays", 1928


We're fantastically incredibly sorry for all these extremely unreasonable
things we did.  I can only plead that my simple, barely-sentient friend
and myself are underprivileged, deprived and also college students.
		-- Waldo D. R. Dobbs


You feel a whole lot more like you do
now than you did when you used to.


The economy depends about as much on economists as the weather does on
weather forecasters.
		-- Jean-Paul Kauffmann


The heroic hours of life do not announce their presence by drum and trumpet,
challenging us to be true to ourselves by appeals to the martial spirit that
keeps the blood at heat.  Some little, unassuming, unobtrusive choice presents
itself before us slyly and craftily, glib and insinuating, in the modest garb
of innocence.  To yield to its blandishments is so easy.  The wrong, it seems,
is venial...  Then it is that you will be summoned to show the courage of
adventurous youth.
		-- Benjamin Cardozo


Machine-Independent, adj.:
	Does not run on any existing machine.


QOTD:
	"My penis is better than corn, because corn doesn't squeal when
	you stick those little prongs into it."
		-- Mark-Jason Dominus


K:	Cobalt's metal, hard and shining;
	Cobol's wordy and confining;
	KOBOLDS topple when you strike them;
	Don't feel bad, it's hard to like them.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC


I don't remember ever having had the itch, and yet scratching is
one of nature's sweet pleasures, and so handy.


Falling in Love
	When two people have been on enough dates, they generally fall in
love.  You can tell you're in love by the way you feel: your head becomes
light, your heart leaps within you, you feel like you're walking on air,
and the whole world seems like a wonderful and happy place.  Unfortunately,
these are also the four warning signs of colon disease, so it's always a
good idea to check with your doctor.
		-- Dave Barry


Lays eggs inside a paper bag;
The reason, you will see, no doubt,
Is to keep the lightning out.
But what these unobservant birds
Have failed to notice is that herds
Of bears may come with buns
And steal the bags to hold the crumbs.


Evolution is a million line computer
program falling into place by accident.


POVERTY:
	An unfortunate state that persists as long
	as anyone lacks anything he would like to have.


By the yard, life is hard.
By the inch, it's a cinch.


He could be a poster child for retroactive birth control.


NEVER swerve to hit a lawyer riding a bicycle -- it might be your bicycle.


The Universe is populated by stable things.
		-- Richard Dawkins


All programmers are optimists.  Perhaps this modern sorcery especially attracts
those who believe in happy endings and fairy godmothers.  Perhaps the hundreds
of nitty frustrations drive away all but those who habitually focus on the end
goal.  Perhaps it is merely that computers are young, programmers are younger,
and the young are always optimists.  But however the selection process works,
the result is indisputable:  "This time it will surely run," or "I just found
the last bug."
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


"I have credit with this madam who runs a string of super callgirls,"
the executive reminisced at his club bar, "but when I got the bill for
the great head session one of them pleasured me with, I must say that
it was enough to make a blown man cry."


Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
		-- George Santayana


Then there was the guy that got badly messed up fighting
for his girl's honor.  It seems she wanted to keep it.


In Seattle, Washington, it is illegal to carry a concealed weapon that
is over six feet in length.


Our policy is, when in doubt, do the right thing.
		-- Roy L. Ash, ex-president, Litton Industries


You have a reputation for being thoroughly reliable and trustworthy.
A pity that it's totally undeserved.


Brontosaurus Principle:
	Organizations can grow faster than their brains can manage them
in relation to their environment and to their own physiology:  when
this occurs, they are an endangered species.
		-- Thomas K. Connellan


Many enraged psychiatrists are inciting a weary butcher.  The butcher is
weary and tired because he has cut meat and steak and lamb for hours and
weeks.  He does not desire to chant about anything with raving psychiatrists,
but he sings about his gingivectomist, he dreams about a single cosmologist,
he thinks about his dog.  The dog is named Herbert.
		-- Racter, "The Policeman's Beard is Half-Constructed"


Be frank and explicit with your lawyer ... it is his business to confuse
the issue afterwards.


They Tore Out My Heart and Stomped That Sucker Flat
		-- Book title by Lewis Grizzard


It's business doing pleasure with you.


Are we running light with overbyte?


THORNY:
	A thailor at thea.


All I want is a warm bed and a kind word and unlimited power.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


Theory is gray, but the golden tree of life is green.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark.
Professionals built the Titanic.


date; talk; touch; unzip; finger; expand; strip; head; mount; yes; yes; yes;
eject; more; sleep


... it still remains true that as a set of cognitive beliefs about the
existence of God in any recognizable sense continuous with the great
systems of the past, religious doctrines constitute a speculative
hypothesis of an extremely low order of probability.
		-- Sidney Hook


Ever since prehistoric times, wise men have tried to understand what,
exactly, make people laugh.  That's why they were called "wise men."
All the other prehistoric people were out puncturing each other with
spears, and the wise men were back in the cave saying: "How about:
Would you please take my wife?  No.  How about: Here is my wife, please
take her right now.  No.  How about:  Would you like to take something?
My wife is available.  No.  How about ..."
		-- Dave Barry, "Why Humor is Funny"


