Coming together is a beginning;
	keeping together is progress;
		working together is success.


If we were meant to get up early, God would have created us
with alarm clocks.


Love thy neighbor, tune thy piano.


The work [of software development] is becoming far easier (i.e. the tools
we're using work at a higher level, more removed from machine, peripheral
and operating system imperatives) than it was twenty years ago, and because
of this, knowledge of the internals of a system may become less accessible.
We may be able to dig deeper holes, but unless we know how to build taller
ladders, we had best hope that it does not rain much.
		-- Paul Licker


Usage: fortune -P [] -a [xsz] [Q: [file]] [rKe9] -v6[+] dataspec ... inputdir


Poland has gun control.


Corry's Law:
	Paper is always strongest at the perforations.


Fortune's Law of the Week (this week, from Kentucky):
	No female shall appear in a bathing suit at any airport in this
State unless she is escorted by two officers or unless she is armed
with a club.  The provisions of this statute shall not apply to females
weighing less than 90 pounds nor exceeding 200 pounds, nor shall it
apply to female horses.


Sears has everything.


If you perceive that there are four possible ways in which a procedure
can go wrong, and circumvent these, then a fifth way will promptly
develop.


Too often I find that the volume of paper expands to fill the available
briefcases.
		-- Governor Jerry Brown


CONSULTANT:
	Someone who knows 101 ways to make love, but can't get a date.


Pound for pound, the amoeba is the most vicious animal on earth.


I've enjoyed just about as much of this as I can stand.


There are three things I always forget.  Names, faces -- the third I
can't remember.
		-- Italo Svevo


Have you noticed the way people's intelligence capabilities decline
sharply the minute they start waving guns around?
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


One of the oldest problems puzzled over in the Talmud is: "Why did God
create goyim?"  The generally accepted answer is "_s_o_m_e_b_o_d_y has to buy
retail."
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


A man always needs to remember one thing about
a beautiful woman.  Somewhere, somebody's tired of her.


My brain is my second favorite organ.
		-- Woody Allen


Death has been proven to be 99% fatal in laboratory rats.


Some people seem to think that "damn" is God's last name.


One Saturday afternoon, during the campaign to decide whether or not there
should be a Coastal Commission, I took a helicopter ride from Los Angeles
to San Diego.  We passed several state beaches, some crowded and some
virtually empty.  They had the same facilities, and in some cases the crowded
and the empty beach were within a quarter mile of each other.  Obviously
many beach-goers prefer to be crowded together. Buying more beaches that
people won't go to because they prefer to be crowded together on one beach
is a ridiculous waste of our natural resources and our taxes.
		-- Ronald Reagan


According to Arkansas law, Section 4761, Pope's Digest:  "No person
shall be permitted under any pretext whatever, to come nearer than
fifty feet of any door or window of any polling room, from the opening
of the polls until the completion of the count and the certification of
the returns."


Smear the road with a runner!!


Speaking of purchasing a dog, never buy a watchdog that's
on sale.  After all, everyone knows a bargain dog never bites!


			   1/2
	12 + 144 + 20 + 3*4                    2
	----------------------  +  5 * 11  =  9  +  0
		  7

A dozen, a gross and a score,
Plus three times the square root of four,
	Divided by seven,
	Plus five times eleven,
Equals nine squared plus zero, no more!


A woman shouldn't have to buy her own perfume.
		-- Maurine Lewis


The faster I go, the behinder I get.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


A man never minds being in the doghouse
as long as he can get his tail outside.


Live within your income, even if you have to borrow to do so.
		-- Josh Billings


The best way to make a fire with two sticks is to make sure one of them
is a match.
		-- Will Rogers


	Once again we find ourselves enmeshed in The Holiday Season, that very
special time of year when we join with our loved ones in sharing centuries-old
traditions such as trying to find a parking space at the mall.  We
traditionally do this in my family by driving around the parking lot until we
see a shopper emerge from the mall.  Then we follow her, in very much the same
spirit as the Three Wise Men, who, 2,000 years ago, followed a star, week after
week, until it led them to a parking space.
	We try to keep our bumper about 4 inches from the shopper's calves, to
let the other circling cars know that she belongs to us.  Sometimes, two cars
will get into a fight over whom the shopper belongs to, similar to the way
great white sharks will fight over who gets to eat a snorkeler.  So, we follow
our shopper closely, hunched over the steering wheel, whistling "It's Beginning
to Look a Lot Like Christmas" through our teeth, until we arrive at her car,
which is usually parked several time zones away from the mall.  Sometimes our
shopper tries to indicate she was merely planning to drop off some packages and
go back to shopping.  But, when she hears our engine rev in a festive fashion
and sees the holiday gleam in our eyes, she realizes she would never make it.
		-- Dave Barry, "Holiday Joy -- Or, the Great Parking Lot
		   Skirmish"


Dreams are free, but you get soaked on the connect time.


Another nun joke!!!
	You see, three nuns were walking down the street, when suddenly
this flasher jumped out in front of them and opened his trench coat,
exposing his all to the sisters.  Well, two of the nuns had strokes right
there, but the third nun wouldn't touch it.


Example is not the main thing in influencing others.
It is the only thing.
		-- Albert Schweitzer


Whom the gods wish to destroy they first call promising.


A straw vote only shows which way the hot air blows.
		-- O'Henry


	Then there's the atmosphere -- half the time you can eat the air,
it's got so much stuff floating around in it.  It takes the edge out of
the colors.  Down here even the traffic lights are pastel.  And people!
With a lot of these folks you'd have to check their green cards just to
make sure that they are Earthlings.  Then there's the police.  In Portland,
when some guy goes bananas, the cops rope off a sixteen block area around
him and call a shrink from the medical school who stands atop a patrol car
with a megaphone and shouts, "OK!  THIS!  ALL!  STARTED!  WHEN!  YOU!  WERE!
THREE!  YEARS!  OLD!  ON!  ACCOUNT!  OF!  YOUR MOTHER!  RIGHT?  SO!  LET'S!
TALK!  ABOUT!  IT!"  Down here they don't waste that kind of time.  The LAPD
has SWAT teams composed of guys who make Darth Vader look like Mr. Peepers.
Before they go to bust a bookie joint they mortar it first.
		-- M. Christensen, "A Portland Innocent in LA"


Tomorrow, you can be anywhere.


Everything you've learned in school as "obvious" becomes less and less
obvious as you begin to study the universe.  For example, there are no
solids in the universe.  There's not even a suggestion of a solid.
There are no absolute continuums.  There are no surfaces.  There are no
straight lines.
		-- R. Buckminster Fuller


In light of the New Morality, Playboy Inc. is offering a new version of
its magazine, for married men.  Every month it has the same centerfold.


What one fool can do, another can.
		-- Ancient Simian proverb


A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
		-- Winston Churchill


An evil mind is a great comfort.


Why not go out on a limb?
Isn't that where the fruit is?


Q:	How many Californians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	Five.  One to screw in the lightbulb and four to share the
		experience.  (Actually, Californians don't screw in
		lightbulbs, they screw in hot tubs.)

Q:	How many Oregonians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Three.  One to screw in the lightbulb and two to fend off all
	those Californians trying to share the experience.


About the use of language: it is impossible to sharpen a pencil with a blunt
ax.  It is equally vain to try to do it with ten blunt axes instead.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


A New York City ordinance prohibits the shooting of rabbits from the
rear of a Third Avenue street car -- if the car is in motion.


Q:	What's a WASP's idea of open-mindedness?
A:	Dating a Canadian.


The energy produced by the breaking down of the atom is a very poor kind
of thing.  Anyone who expects a source of power from the transformation
of these atoms is talking moonshine.
		-- Ernest Rutherford, after he had split the atom for
		   the first time


In reply to a message by Scott Long:

> Note: this amounts to life support for floppies.  The end IS coming.

Say it ain't so!  If you establish a dangerous trend like this in
your support for floppy booting, the next thing you know, some
computer manufacturer will start shipping machines without ANY FLOPPY
DRIVE AT ALL, leading to the infocalypse, the four horsemen pouring
their vials upon the earth, the birth of the anti-christ (or PERL 6,
whichever comes first), dogs and cats living together, etc.

It's the end of days, I tell you!  The end!  Can the FreeBSD/NetBSD
merger be that far off?
		-- Jordan Hubbard (31 January 2006)


Love thy neighbor as thyself, but choose your neighborhood.
		-- Louise Beal


I would have promised those terrorists a trip to Disneyland if it would have
gotten the hostages released.  I thank God they were satisfied with the
missiles and we didn't have to go to that extreme.
		-- Oliver North


Memory fault - where am I?


Increased knowledge will help you now.
Have mate's phone bugged.


Life is the childhood of our immortality.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


I shall give a propagandist reason for starting the war, no matter whether
it is plausible or not.  The victor will not be asked afterwards whether
he told the truth or not.  When starting and waging war it is not right
that matters, but victory.
		-- Adolf Hitler


"I wonder", he said to himself, "what's in a book while it's closed.  Oh, I
know it's full of letters printed on paper, but all the same, something must
be happening, because as soon as I open it, there's a whole story with people
I don't know yet and all kinds of adventures and battles."
		-- Bastian B. Bux


The man she had was kind and clean
And well enough for every day,
But oh, dear friends, you should have seen
The one that got away.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "The Fisherwoman"


It is far better to sleep with an old hen than pullet.


If you're going to walk on thin ice, you might as well dance.


Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess is why
several of us died of tuberculosis.
		-- Jack Handey


A man's house is his hassle.


Got a dictionary?  I want to know the meaning of life.


Tip O'Neill is just like Congress; old, fat and out of control.
		-- J. LeBoutillier


All that glitters is not gold; all that wander are not lost.


Q:	What do you get when cross a lawyer with a sorority girl??
A:	A woman that, when she goes down on you, gets blood.


 U       X
e dUdX, e dX, cosine, secant, tangent, sine, 3.14159...


You have to regard everything I say with suspicion -- I may be trying
to bullshit you, or I may just be bullshitting you inadvertently.
		-- J. Wainwright, Mathematics 140b


I think I'll snatch a kiss and flee.
		-- William Shakespeare


Things will be bright in P.M.
A cop will shine a light in your face.


	Shortly after arriving at their honeymoon destination, the
still-nervous groom became worried about the state of his bride's innocence.
Deciding on a direct confrontation, he quickly undressed, pointed at his
exposed manhood and asked his mate, "Do you know what this is?"
	Without hesitation, she blushingly answered, "That's a wee-wee."
	Delighted at the idea of instructing his naive wife in the ways of
love, the husband whispered, "From now on, dearest, this will be called a
prick."
	"Oh, come now," the girl chided.  "I've seen lots of pricks and I
assure you, that's a wee-wee."


The smiling Spring comes in rejoicing,
And surly Winter grimly flies.
Now crystal clear are the falling waters,
And bonnie blue are the sunny skies.
Fresh o'er the mountains breaks forth the morning,
The ev'ning gilds the oceans's swell:
All creatures joy in the sun's returning,
And I rejoice in my bonnie Bell.

The flowery Spring leads sunny Summer,
The yellow Autumn presses near;
Then in his turn come gloomy Winter,
Till smiling Spring again appear.
Thus seasons dancing, life advancing,
Old Time and Nature their changes tell;
But never ranging, still unchanging,
I adore my bonnie Bell.
		-- Robert Burns, "My Bonnie Bell"


Everyone who comes in here wants three things:
	1. They want it quick.
	2. They want it good.
	3. They want it cheap.
I tell 'em to pick two and call me back.
		-- sign on the back wall of a small printing company


The local minister noticed a little girl standing outside of his
door with a basket of kittens.
	"Hello, little girl, what do you have there?"
	"These are my Democratic kittens," she replied.
Amused, the pastor said nothing.  Two weeks later he saw the same little
girl with (apparently) the same basket of kittens.
	"My, I see you still have your Democratic kittens.", he said.
	"No, you see, these are Republican kittens," she answered.
	"Two weeks ago they were Democratic kittens," he replied, puzzled.
	"Two weeks ago they had their eyes closed."


"You are old," said the youth, "and your programs don't run,
	And there isn't one language you like;
Yet of useful suggestions for help you have none --
	Have you thought about taking a hike?"

"Since I never write programs," his father replied,
	"Every language looks equally bad;
Yet the people keep paying to read all my books
	And don't realize that they've been had."


If I promised you the moon and the stars, would you believe it?
		-- Alan Parsons Project


Drug, n.:
	A substance that, when injected into a rat, produces a scientific
	paper.


The New England Journal of Medicine reports that 9 out of 10
doctors agree that 1 out of 10 doctors is an idiot.


	"I know a life of crime led me to this sorry state.  I blame
society.  Society made me what I am today!"
	"That's bullshit Archie.  You're just a young suburban punk
like me."
	"It still...  hurts... auugghh!"
	"You're going to be okay..."
		"...gurgle..."
			"... maybe not."
		-- Repo Man


If Patrick Henry thought that taxation without representation was bad,
he should see how bad it is with representation.


Give your child mental blocks for Christmas.


When women kiss it always reminds one of prize fighters shaking hands.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Sententiae"


Damned if I know.  And you can be fuckin' sure I'll never rent no car
from Avis again.
		-- Herbie Sperling, on the meaning of two pistols and an
		   axe used in three murders being found in the trunk of
		   his rented car.


To fear love is to fear life, and those
who fear life are already three parts dead.
		-- Bertrand Russell


	Phil [Record] was known as the Hat because he always wore a felt
snap brim.  It was the standard uniform for police reporters, for one
reason: it made it easier for them to pass themselves off as detectives.
We had an informal code of ethics then; we never lied about who we were.
But if people mistook us for the police, that was their problem, not ours.
If they thought they were giving confidential information to an investigator,
well, that was their problem, too.  As we understood the First Amendment,
everyone had a right to talk to the _Star-Telegram_, even if they didn't
know they were talking to the _Star-Telegram_.
		-- Bob Schieffer, "This Just In"


Please, Mother!  I'd rather do it myself!


The Great Movie Posters:

When You're Six Tons -- And They Call You Killer -- It's Hard To Make
Friends...
		-- Namu, the Killer Whale (1966)

Meet the Girls with the Thermo-Nuclear Navels!
		-- Dr. Goldfoot and the Girl Bombs (1966)

A GHASTLY TALE DRENCHED WITH GOUTS OF BLOOD SPURTING FROM THE VICTIMS
OF A CRAZED MADMAN'S LUST.
		-- A Taste of Blood (1967)


What the scientists have in their briefcases is terrifying.
		-- Nikita Khruschev


It is indeed desirable to be well descended,
but the glory belongs to our ancestors.
		-- Plutarch


Yawd [noun, Bostonese]:  the campus of Have Id.
		-- Webster's Unafraid Dictionary


Senor Castro has been accused of communist sympathies, but this means very
little since all opponents of the regime are automatically called communists.
In fact he is further to the right than General Batista.
		-- "Cuba's Rightist Rebel", The Economist, April 26, 1958


The girls that go to see a man's etchings
may not know art, but they know what they like.


FreeBSD: Have you had your fairings today?


It's not against any religion to want to dispose of a pigeon.
		-- Tom Lehrer


All people are born alike -- except Republicans and Democrats.
		-- Groucho Marx


When I was young we didn't have MTV; we
had to take drugs and go to concerts.
		-- Steven Pearl


Q:	How did Hellen Keller burn the side of her face?
A:	She answered the iron.

Q:	How did she burn the other side of her face?
A:	They called back.


Q:	What's meaner than a pit bull with AIDS?
A:	The guy that gave it to him.


No one knows like a woman how to say
things that are at once gentle and deep.
		-- Hugo


I am very fond of the company of ladies.  I like their beauty,
I like their delicacy, I like their vivacity, and I like their silence.
		-- Samuel Johnson


The elder gods went to Yuggoth, and all you got was this lousy fortune.


If I 'cp /bin/csh /dev/audio' shouldn't I hear the ocean?
		-- Danno Coppock


The difference between graffiti and philosophy is the word "fuck".


Do not stoop to tie your laces in your neighbor's melon patch.


Will Rogers never met you.


I saw a man pursuing the Horizon,
'Round and round they sped.
I was disturbed at this,
I accosted the man,
"It is futile," I said.
"You can never--"
"You lie!" He cried,
and ran on.
		-- Stephen Crane


	The boss returned from lunch in a good mood and called the whole staff
in to listen to a couple of jokes he had picked up.  Everybody but one girl
laughed uproariously.  "What's the matter?" grumbled the boss. "Haven't you
got a sense of humor?"
	"I don't have to laugh," she said.  "I'm leaving Friday anyway.


You got to pay your dues if you want to sing the blues,
And you know it don't come easy ...
I don't ask for much, I only want trust,
And you know it don't come easy ...


The rate at which a disease spreads through a corn field is a precise
measurement of the speed of blight.


The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard.


I consider the day misspent that I am not
either charged with a crime, or arrested for one.
		-- "Ratsy" Tourbillon


Q:	What do you say to a New Yorker with a job?
A:	Big Mac, fries and a Coke, please!


Good leaders being scarce, following yourself is allowed.


$100 invested at 7% interest for 100 years will become $100,000, at
which time it will be worth absolutely nothing.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"


When forecasting, give them a number
or give them a date, but never both.


It appears that after his death, Albert Einstein found himself working
as the doorkeeper at the Pearly Gates.  One slow day, he found that he
had time to chat with the new entrants.  To the first one he asked,
"What's your IQ?"  The new arrival replied, "190".  They discussed
Einstein's theory of relativity for hours.  When the second new arrival
came, Einstein once again inquired as to the newcomer's IQ.  The answer
this time came "120".  To which Einstein replied, "Tell me, how did the
Cubs do this year?" and they proceeded to talk for half an hour or so.
To the final arrival, Einstein once again posed the question, "What's
your IQ?".  Upon receiving the answer "70", Einstein smiled and asked,
"Got a minute to tell me about VMS 4.0?"


There's so much plastic in this culture that
vinyl leopard skin is becoming an endangered synthetic.
		-- Lily Tomlin


INNUENDO:
	Italian enema.


Do students of Zen Buddhism do Om-work?


He didn't run for reelection.  "Politics brings you into contact with all
the people you'd give anything to avoid," he said. "I'm staying home."
		-- Garrison Keillor, "Lake Wobegon Days"


A UNIX saleslady, Lenore,
Enjoys work, but she likes the beach more.
	She found a good way
	To combine work and play:
She sells C shells by the seashore.


All constants are variables.


This night methinks is but the daylight sick.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"


She can kill all your files;
She can freeze with a frown.
And a wave of her hand brings the whole system down.
And she works on her code until ten after three.
She lives like a bat but she's always a hacker to me.
		-- Apologies to Billy Joel


Love your enemies:  they'll go crazy
trying to figure out what you're up to.


QOTD:
	"I love your outfit, does it come in your size?"


The whole earth is in jail and we're plotting this incredible jailbreak.
		-- Wavy Gravy


BALTIMORE:
	A wharf-rat stealing Diogenes' lamp.


If you knew what to say next, would you say it?


Mr. Rockford?  You don't know me, but I'd like to hire you.  Could
you call me at...  My name is... uh...  Never mind, forget it!


PLEASE DON'T SMOKE HERE!

Penalty: An early, lingering death from cancer,
	 emphysema, or other smoking-caused ailment.


A radioactive cat has eighteen half-lives.


God is a comic playing to an audience that's afraid to laugh.


Dirksen's Three Laws of Politics:

	1: Get elected.
	2: Get re-elected.
	3: Don't get mad, get even.
		-- Sen. Everett Dirksen


We must believe that it is the darkest before the dawn
of a beautiful new world.  We will see it when we believe it.
		-- Saul Alinsky


Well, we've come full circle, Lord; I'd like to think there's some
higher meaning to all this.  It would certainly reflect well on you.


Like you, I am frequently haunted by profound questions related to man's
place in the Scheme of Things.  Here are just a few:

	Q -- Is there life after death?
	A -- Definitely.  I speak from personal experience here.  On New
Year's Eve, 1970, I drank a full pitcher of a drink called "Black Russian",
then crawled out on the lawn and died within a matter of minutes, which was
fine with me because I had come to realize that if I had lived I would have
spent the rest of my life in the grip of the most excruciatingly painful
headache.  Thanks to the miracle of modern orange juice, I was brought back
to life several days later, but in the interim I was definitely dead.  I
guess my main impression of the afterlife is that it isn't so bad as long
as you keep the television turned down and don't try to eat any solid foods.
		-- Dave Barry


Miguel Cervantes wrote Donkey Hote.  Milton wrote Paradise Lost, then his
wife died and he wrote Paradise Regained.


Excessive login or logout messages are a sure sign of senility.


The wages of sin are death; but after they're done taking out taxes,
it's just a tired feeling.


A modest woman, dressed out in all her finery,
is the most tremendous object in the whole creation.
		-- Goldsmith


We have met the enemy, and he is us.
		-- Walt Kelly


Q:	What's the difference between a JAP and a baby elephant?
A:	About 10 pounds.

Q:	How do you make them the same?
A:	Force feed the elephant.


Eighty percent of married men cheat in America.  The rest cheat in Europe.
		-- Jackie Mason


Norm:  Gentlemen, start your taps.
		-- Cheers, The Coach's Daughter

Coach: How's life treating you, Norm?
Norm:  Like it caught me in bed with his wife.
		-- Cheers, Any Friend of Diane's

Coach: How's life, Norm?
Norm:  Not for the squeamish, Coach.
		-- Cheers, Friends, Romans, and Accountants


Proof techniques #2: Proof by Oddity.
	SAMPLE: To prove that horses have an infinite number of legs.
(1) Horses have an even number of legs.
(2) They have two legs in back and fore legs in front.
(3) This makes a total of six legs, which certainly is an odd number of
    legs for a horse.
(4) But the only number that is both odd and even is infinity.
(5) Therefore, horses must have an infinite number of legs.

Topics to be covered in future issues include proof by:
	Intimidation
	Gesticulation (handwaving)
	"Try it; it works"
	Constipation (I was just sitting there and ...)
	Blatant assertion
	Changing all the 2's to _n's
	Mutual consent
	Lack of a counterexample, and
	"It stands to reason"


I don't believe in astrology.  But then I'm an Aquarius, and Aquarians
don't believe in astrology.
		-- James R. F. Quirk


FORCE YOURSELF TO RELAX!


Time washes clean
Love's wounds unseen.
That's what someone told me;
But I don't know what it means.
		-- Linda Ronstadt, "Long Long Time"


Whatever you do will be insignificant,
but it is very important that you do it.
		-- Mahatma Gandhi


He was a modest, good-humored boy.  It was Oxford that made him
insufferable.


Are we running light with overbyte?


Misery no longer loves company.
Nowadays it insists on it.
		-- Russell Baker


Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine,
Lisp Machine is Fun.
Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine,
Fun for everyone.


F. Scott Fitzgerald to Hemingway:
	"Ernest, the rich are different from us."
Hemingway:
	"Yes.  They have more money."


GLEE CLUB GROUPIE:
	A girl into choral sex.


Humility is the first of the virtues -- for other people.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


Q:	Why can't Hellen Keller have children?
A:	Because she's dead.


"I have credit with this madam who runs a string of super callgirls,"
the executive reminisced at his club bar, "but when I got the bill for
the great head session one of them pleasured me with, I must say that
it was enough to make a blown man cry."


CChheecckk  yyoouurr  dduupplleexx  sswwiittcchh..


Yeah, there are more important things in life than money,
but they won't go out with you if you don't have any.


Every paper published in a respectable journal should have a preface by
the author stating why he is publishing the article, and what value he
sees in it.  I have no hope that this practice will ever be adopted.
		-- Morris Kline


Rascal, am I?  Take THAT!
		-- Errol Flynn


