If you are shooting under 80 you are neglecting your business;
over 80 you are neglecting your golf.
		-- Walter Hagen


The bugs you have to avoid are the ones that give the user not only
the inclination to get on a plane, but also the time.
		-- Kay Bostic


Life is like a penis: when it's soft you can't beat it, and when it's
hard you get fucked.


The Illiterati Programus Canto 1:
	A program is a lot like a nose:
	Sometimes it runs, and sometimes it blows.


Harrisberger's Fourth Law of the Lab:
	Experience is directly proportional to the amount of
	equipment ruined.


The Third Law of Photography:
	If you did manage to get any good shots, they will be ruined
	when someone inadvertently opens the darkroom door and all of
	the dark leaks out.


An American couple is in Paris, a much awaited trip, when suddenly the wife
dies of a heart attack.  The husband decides to have her buried there as the
visit to France was something they had longed for for many years.  All
arrangements are made when he suddenly realizes that he doesn't have a black
hat for the funeral.  The hotel concierge tells him that what he wants is a
"chapeau noir."  So off he goes to find a store open late.
	First he meets a gendarme and in his fractured French asks, "M'sieur,
ou pouvais-je acheter un capeau noir?"
	The policeman is a bit surprised but, after thinking a bit, gives our
friend directions.  The store -- if that is what it is -- looks a little seedy
and run down, but the man behind the counter looks friendly so in goes our
hero.  He speaks first:
	"M'sieur, je veux acheter un capeau noir."
	"Mais, monsieur, j'ai des capeaux rouges, des capeaux blancs, et des
capeaux marrons, mais pas des capeaux noires.  Pourquoi avez vous besoin d'un
capeau noir?"
	"Ma femme est morte."
	"O Monsieur!  Quelle beau sentiment!"


If a nation expects to be ignorant and free,
... it expects what never was and never will be.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Time flies like an arrow, but fruit flies like a banana.


The government [is] extremely fond of amassing great quantities of statistics.
These are raised to the nth degree, the cube roots are extracted, and the
results are arranged into elaborate and impressive displays.  What must be
kept ever in mind, however, is that in every case, the figures are first
put down by a village watchman, and he puts down anything he damn well
pleases.
		-- Sir Josiah Stamp


An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of purge.


The luck that is ordained for you will be coveted by others.


Of course, I speak of nothing else but that classic of understated yet wildly
exciting eroticism, "The Windflower," by Laura London.  Ms. London is the
author of such other philosophical block-busters as "Bad Baron's Daughter,"
"A Heart Too Proud," "Moonlight Mist," and most thigh-warming of all, "Gypsy
Heiress".  Well, glasses-steaming scenes are to be found on every page, to
an extent which overwhelms Your Humble Narrator, and so, in order to save
himself extreme embarrassment, he brings you... the blurb:

	"Every lady of breeding knows: no one has a good time on a pirate
ship.  No one, that is, but the pirates.  Yet there she was, Merry Wilding
-- kidnapped in error, taken from a ship bound from New York to England,
spirited away in a barrel and swept aboard the infamous "Black Joke"...
There she was, trembling with pleasure in the arms of her achingly handsome,
sensationally sensual, golden-haired captor -- Devon."


Chicken Little was right.


	You see, this girl wakes up one morning, rolls over and sees an
elephant in the bed with her.  Almost in shock, she says, "Did I pick you
up in the bar last night?"
	"Uh-huh," the  elephant replies.
	"Did I bring you home?"
	"Uh-huh."
	"Did we, uh, fool around?"
	"Uh-huh."
	"Lord, I must have been tight!"
	"Not any more."


A teacher announces to her class, "Children, the student who can name the
greatest man who ever lived will win a shiny red apple."
	Immediately an Italian boy raises his hand.
	"Yes, Tony?"
	"Christopher Columbus!" says Tony.
	"Well," says the teacher, "Christopher Columbus was a very great man,
but I don't think he was the greatest man who ever lived."
	From the back of the room little Bernie Goldstein raises his hand.
	"Yes, Bernie?"
	"Jesus Christ", says Bernie.
	"That is correct, Bernie," pronounces the teacher.  "And here is
your apple."
	When Bernie gets up to the front of the room to claim his prize,
the teacher says, "Bernie, given the fact that you're Jewish, I'm surprised
that you thought Jesus was the greatest man who ever lived."
	"Well, actually," replies Bernie, "I do think Moses had the edge,
but business is business."


When a lot of remedies are suggested for
a disease, that means it can't be cured.
		-- Chekhov, "The Cherry Orchard"


The Utah version of this joke goes:
	One of the Council of the Twelve runs breathlessly into the Presidents'
office one day.  The President looks up and says "Brother, what is so important
that you ran all the way here, losing your breath?"
	The Council member finally regains his breath, and says "The Savior is
in the lobby!!"
	The President immediate starts for the door, crying "It has come!  The
prophecies are fulfilled!  We are all about to be uplifted!"
	The Council member says "Wait!  You didn't let me finish!  She's...
black, and SHE IS PISSED!"


I'll rob that rich person and give it to some poor deserving slob.
That will *prove* I'm Robin Hood.
		-- Daffy Duck, "Robin Hood Daffy", [1958, Chuck Jones]


I shot a query into the net.
I haven't got an answer yet,		A posted message called me rotten
But seven people gave me hell		For ignoring mail I'd never gotten;
And said I ought to learn to spell;	An angry message asked me, Please
					Don't send such drivel overseas;
A lawyer sent me private mail
And swore he'd slap my ass in jail --	One netter thought it was a hoax:
I'd mentioned Un*x in my gem		"Hereafter, post to net dot jokes!";
And failed to add the T and M;		Another called my grammar vile
					And criticized my writing style.
Each day I scan each Subject line
In hopes the topic will be mine;
I shot a query into the net.
I haven't got an answer yet...
		-- Ed Nather


If you are over 80 years old and accompanied
by your parents, we will cash your check.


A fair exterior is a silent recommendation.
		-- Publilius Syrus


Here's a toast to Screwy Dick,
The man who was born with a corkscrew prick.
He spent his life in a futile hunt,
To find a woman with a spiral cunt.
And when he did, he dropped stone dead,
'Cause the blasted thing had a left-hand thread!


The cable TV sex channels don't expand our horizons, don't make us better
people, and don't come in clearly enough.
		-- Bill Maher


I have to think hard to name an interesting man who does not drink.
		-- Richard Burton


Idiot, n.:
	A member of a large and powerful tribe whose influence in human
	affairs has always been dominant and controlling.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


You can imagine my embarrassment when I killed the wrong guy.
		-- Joe Valachi


	On this morning in August when I was 13, my mother sent us out pick
tomatoes.  Back in April I'd have killed for a fresh tomato, but in August
they are no more rare or wonderful than rocks.  So I picked up one and threw
it at a crab apple tree, where it made a good *splat*, and then threw a tomato
at my brother.  He whipped one back at me.  We ducked down by the vines,
heaving tomatoes at each other.  My sister, who was a good person, said,
"You're going to get it."  She bent over and kept on picking.
	What a target!  She was 17, a girl with big hips, and bending over,
she looked like the side of a barn.
	I picked up a tomato so big it sat on the ground.  It looked like it
had sat there a week.  The underside was brown, small white worms lived in it,
and it was very juicy.  I stood up and took aim, and went into the windup,
when my mother at the kitchen window called my name in a sharp voice.  I had
to decide quickly.  I decided.
	A rotten Big Boy hitting the target is a memorable sound, like a fat
man doing a belly-flop.  With a whoop and a yell the tomatoee came after me
faster than I knew she could run, and grabbed my shirt and was about to brain
me when Mother called her name in a sharp voice.  And my sister, who was a
good person, obeyed and let go -- and burst into tears.  I guess she knew that
the pleasure of obedience is pretty thin compared with the pleasure of hearing
a rotten tomato hit someone in the rear end.
		-- Garrison Keillor, "Lake Wobegon Days"


Think honk if you're a telepath.


At no time is freedom of speech more precious than when a man hits his
thumb with a hammer.
		-- Marshall Lumsden


Envy, n.:
	Wishing you'd been born with an unfair advantage,
	instead of having to try and acquire one.


Things Charles Darwin did not say:

Nah, it's only a theory - I don't think it should be taught in schools.


Don't patch bad code -- rewrite it.
		-- Kernighan and Plauger, "The Elements of Programming Style"


It is better never to have been born.  But who among us has such luck?
One in a million, perhaps.


I'm going to Iowa for an award.  Then I'm appearing at Carnegie Hall,
it's sold out.  Then I'm sailing to France to be honored by the French
government -- I'd give it all up for one erection.
		-- Groucho Marx


Don't get suckered in by the comments -- they
can be terribly misleading.  Debug only code.
		-- Dave Storer


The only excuse for God is that he doesn't exist.
		-- Stendhal


A halted retreat
Is nerve-wracking and dangerous.
To retain people as men -- and maidservants
Brings good fortune.


Anti-trust laws should be approached with exactly that attitude.


It's fabulous!  We haven't seen anything like it in the last half an hour!
		-- Macy's


Chemist who falls in acid will be tripping for weeks.


Look up and not down, look forward and not back, look out and not in,
and lend a hand.
		-- Edward Everett Hale, "Lowell Institute Lectures" (1869)


She always believed in the old adage -- leave them while you're looking
good.
		-- Anita Loos, "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes"


Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, Jack Frost nipping at your nose?
Norm:  Yep, now let's get Joe Beer nipping at my liver, huh?
		-- Cheers, Feeble Attraction

Sam:  What are you up to Norm?
Norm: My ideal weight if I were eleven feet tall.
		-- Cheers, Bar Wars III: The Return of Tecumseh

Woody: Nice cold beer coming up, Mr. Peterson.
Norm:  You mean, `Nice cold beer going *down* Mr. Peterson.'
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd


ACADEMY:
	A modern school where football is taught.
INSTITUTE:
	An archaic school where football is not taught.


Knowledge is power -- knowledge shared is power lost.
		-- Aleister Crowley


Q:	What is the difference between Texas and yogurt?
A:	Yogurt has culture.


You dialed 5483.


The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


... But if we laugh with derision, we will never understand.  Human
intellectual capacity has not altered for thousands of years so far as we
can tell.  If intelligent people invested intense energy in issues that now
seem foolish to us, then the failure lies in our understanding of their
world, not in their distorted perceptions.  Even the standard example of
ancient nonsense -- the debate about angels on pinheads -- makes sense once
you realize that theologians were not discussing whether five or eighteen
would fit, but whether a pin could house a finite or an infinite number.
		-- S. J. Gould, "Wide Hats and Narrow Minds"


The scum also rises.
		-- Dr. Hunter S. Thompson


President Thieu says he'll quit if he doesn't get more than 50%
of the vote.  In a democracy, that's not called quitting.
		-- The Washington Post


Mike:	"The Fourth Dimension is a shambles?"
Bernie:	"Nobody ever empties the ashtrays.  People are SO
	inconsiderate."
		-- Gary Trudeau, "Doonesbury"


Sailing is fun, but scrubbing the decks is aardvark.
		-- Heard on Noah's ark


Honk if you hate bumper stickers that say "Honk if ..."


The Bible contains six admonishments to homosexuals and 362 admonishments
to heterosexuals.  That doesn't mean that God doesn't love heterosexuals.
It's just that they need more supervision.


The three most important parts of a stove: lifter, leg, and poker.


Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle?

Because his wife left him.  But things are looking up for their reconciliation.
Seems that when she left, she took his word processor, and she's been renting
it out occasionally in Japan.  That is, every now and then she gets a yen for
his Wang.


If Jesus Christ came to this town, people would say, great guy; terrible
carpenter.
		-- Gene Kirkwood, on Hollywood


Hear about...
	the insurance salesman who says his greatest successes are
	with young housewives who aren't adequately covered?


	My friends, I am here to tell you of the wondrous continent known as
Africa.  Well we left New York drunk and early on the morning of February 31.
We were 15 days on the water, and 3 on the boat when we finally arrived in
Africa.  Upon our arrival we immediately set up a rigorous schedule:  Up at
6:00, breakfast, and back in bed by 7:00.  Pretty soon we were back in bed by
6:30.  Now Africa is full of big game.  The first day I shot two bucks.  That
was the biggest game we had.  Africa is primarily inhabited by Elks, Moose
and Knights of Pithiests.
	The elks live up in the mountains and come down once a year for their
annual conventions.  And you should see them gathered around the water hole,
which they leave immediately when they discover it's full of water.  They
weren't looking for a water hole.  They were looking for an alck hole.
	One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas, how he got in my
pajamas, I don't know.  Then we tried to remove the tusks.  That's a tough
word to say, tusks.  As I said we tried to remove the tusks, but they were
embedded so firmly we couldn't get them out.  But in Alabama the Tusks are
looser, but that is totally irrelephant to what I was saying.
	We took some pictures of the native girls, but they weren't developed.
So we're going back in a few years...
		-- Julius H. Marx


You know it's going to be a bad day when you want to put on the clothes
you wore home from the party and there aren't any.


Q:	What is the mating call of a blonde?
A:	I think I'm drunk.

Q:	What's the call of a disappointed blonde?
A:	I *said*, I *think* I'm drunk!

Q:	What is the mating call of the ugly blonde?
A:	(Screaming) "I said: I'm drunk!"


A mouse was sniffing around in a meadow, when an eagle swooped down,
swallowed him whole, and rose up in the air again.  The mouse worked
his way through until his head was sticking out of the bird's asshole.
	"Say, good buddy," he squeaked, "how high up are we, anyway?"
	"Oh, about two thousand feet," answered the eagle.
	The mouse's eyes bugged out.  "Hey, you wouldn't shit me, would you?"


I have no doubt the Devil grins,
As seas of ink I spatter.
Ye gods, forgive my "literary" sins--
The other kind don't matter.
		-- Robert W. Service


A "critic" is a man who creates nothing and thereby feels
qualified to judge the work of creative men.  There is logic
in this; he is unbiased -- he hates all creative people equally.


Electrocution, n.:
	Burning at the stake with all the modern improvements.


A young lady friend of mine just swallowed a razor blade...
She performed a tonsillectomy, an appendectomy, a hysterectomy,
three circumcisions, and cut off the finger of a casual friend.


To the landlord belongs the doorknobs.


The first thing I do in the morning
is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue.
		-- Dorothy Parker


We don't smoke and we don't chew, and we don't go with girls that do.
		-- Walter Summers


Now that you've read Fortune's diet truths, you'll be prepared the next time
some housewife or boutique owner turned diet expert appears on TV to plug
her latest book.  And, if you still feel a twinge of guilt for eating coffee
cake while listening to her exhortations, ask yourself the following questions:

1: Do I dare trust a person who actually considers alfalfa sprouts a food?
2: Was the author's sole motive in writing this book to get rich
	exploiting the forlorn hopes of chubby people like me?
3: Would a longer life be worthwhile if it had to be lived as prescribed...
	without French-fried onion rings, pizza with double cheese, or the
	occasional Mai-Tai?  (Remember, living right doesn't really make
	you live longer, it just *seems* like longer.)

That, and another piece of coffee cake, should do the trick.


Watch your mouth, kid, or you'll find yourself floating home.
		-- Han Solo


When one wants to get rid of an unsupportable pressure, one needs hashish.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


I do not care if half the league strikes.  Those who do will encounter
quick retribution.  All will be suspended, and I don't care if it wrecks
the National League for five years.  This is the United States of America
and one citizen has as much right to play as another.
		-- Ford Frick, National League President, reacting to a
		   threatened strike by some Cardinal players in 1947 if
		   Jackie Robinson took the field against St. Louis.  The
		   Cardinals backed down and played.


No woman can endure a gambling husband, unless he is a steady winner.
		-- Lord Thomas Robert Dewar


Better hope you get what you want before you stop wanting it.


Beware of friends who are false and deceitful.


The Computer made me do it.


Your present plans will be successful.


No one knows like a woman how to say
things that are at once gentle and deep.
		-- Hugo


The young Georgia miss came to the hospital for a checkup.
	"Have you been X-rayed?" asked the doctor.
	"Nope," she said, "but ah've been ultraviolated."


	Some 1500 miles west of the Big Apple we find the Minneapple, a
haven of tranquility in troubled times.  It's a good town, a civilized town.
A town where they still know how to get your shirts back by Thursday.  Let
the Big Apple have the feats of "Broadway Joe" Namath.  We have known the
stolid but steady Killebrew.  Listening to Cole Porter over a dry martini
may well suit those unlucky enough never to have heard the Whoopee John Polka
Band and never to have shared a pitcher of 3.2 Grain Belt Beer.  The loss is
theirs.  And the Big Apple has yet to bake the bagel that can match peanut
butter on lefse.  Here is a town where the major urban problem is dutch elm
disease and the number one crime is overtime parking.  We boast more theater
per capita than the Big Apple.  We go to see, not to be seen.  We go even
when we must shovel ten inches of snow from the driveway to get there.  Indeed
the winters are fierce.  But then comes the marvel of the Minneapple summer.
People flock to the city's lakes to frolic and rejoice at the sight of so
much happy humanity free from the bonds of the traditional down-filled parka.
Here's to the Minneapple.  And to its people.  Our flair for style is balanced
by a healthy respect for wind chill factors.
	And we always, always eat our vegetables.
	This is the Minneapple.


There is no delight the equal of dread.
As long as it is somebody else's.
		-- Clive Barker


Fremen add life to spice!


Nothing is more admirable than the fortitude with which
millionaires tolerate the disadvantages of their wealth.
		-- Nero Wolfe


A doctor calls his patient to give him the results of his tests.  "I have
some bad news," says the doctor, "and some worse news."  The bad news is
that you only have six weeks to live."
	"Oh, no," says the patient.  "What could possibly be worse than
that?"
	"Well," the doctor replies, "I've been trying to reach you since
last Monday."


Recession is when your neighbor loses his job.  Depression is when you
lose your job.  These economic downturns are very difficult to predict,
but sophisticated econometric modeling houses like Data Resources and
Chase Econometrics have successfully predicted 14 of the last 3 recessions.


Asynchronous inputs are at the root of our race problems.
		-- D. Winker and F. Prosser


The thought of being President frightens me and I do not think I
want the job.
		-- Ronald Reagan in 1973

Reagan won because he ran against Jimmy Carter.  Had he run unopposed he
would have lost.
		-- Mort Sahl

Ronald Reagan is a triumph of the embalmer's art.
		-- Gore Vidal

Ronald Reagan's platform seems to be: Hey, I'm a big good-looking guy and
I need a lot of sleep.
		-- Roy G. Blount, Jr.

You've got to be careful quoting Ronald Reagan, because when you quote him
accurately it's called mudslinging.
		-- Walter Mondale


Note: The system panics with a "NULL pointer dereference" message

Failed due to: SunOS 5.8 is installed.
		-- Output of a SunCheckup run on a Solaris 8 machine


Fine day to work off excess energy.  Steal something heavy.


It's like deja vu all over again.
		-- Yogi Berra


Support mental health or I'LL KILL YOU!!!!


November, n.:
	The eleventh twelfth of a weariness.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Q:	Why do WASPs play golf?
A:	So they can dress like pimps.


The hater of property and of government takes care to have his warranty
deed recorded, and the book written against fame and learning has the
author's name on the title page.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Journals" (1831)


If the future isn't what it used to be, does that
mean that the past is subject to change in times to come?


If I cannot bend Heaven, I shall move Hell.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)


You can destroy your now by worrying about tomorrow.
		-- Janis Joplin


Aide to Raygun:  Sir, the poor are outside protesting your budget
		 cuts.
Raygun himself:  Tell them they'll have to help themselves.
Aide to Raygun:  Sir, the Pentagon wants another $30 billion.
Raygun himself:  Tell them to help themselves.


I don't mind going nowhere as long as it's an interesting path.
		-- Ronald Mabbitt


Weiner's Law of Libraries:
	There are no answers, only cross references.


I really hate this damned machine
I wish that they would sell it.
It never does quite what I want
But only what I tell it.


Pauca sed matura.  (Few but excellent.)
		-- Gauss


You seek to shield those you love
and you like the role of the provider.


Let your conscience be your guide.
		-- Pope


A policeman is walking his beat when he finds an inebriated man collapsed
against a building, weeping uncontrollably and holding his car keys in his
hands.  He's moaning something about how "They took my car!"  Seeing that
the man is well-dressed, the officer suspects that he may have a real case
of theft on his hands and attempts to question the man.
	"What happened to your car?"
	"My car, it was right on the end of my key, and those bastards
stole it!  Please officer, get my Porsche back.  My God, it was right on
the end of my key!  Where is it?  They stole it and it was right here;
right on my key!"
	"OK, OK, stand up, we'll see what we can do.  You'll have to come
down to the stat...  Mister, your fly's unzipped and you're exposing
yourself!"
	"Oh my God, they stole my girlfriend!"


A man goes into a hospital for a routine appendectomy.  When he wakes up
from the anesthesia, he sees a large group of doctors gathered anxiously
around his bed.
	"What happened?" he asks worriedly.
	"Well," says one of the doctors, "there was a small clerical error,
and you got mixed-up with another patient.  Instead of an appendectomy, we
performed a sex-change operation.  Your penis has been removed and a vagina
has been crafted into place."
	"WHAT!!!" screams the man.  "That's horrible!  What am I going to
tell my wife?  Can't you reverse it?  This means I'm never going to experience
another erection!"
	"Well, you will, you *will*," reassures the doctor, "but it will, of
course, have to be someone else's."


