If practice makes perfect, and nobody's perfect, why practice?


An engineer is someone who does list processing in FORTRAN.


In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice.
In practice, there is.


Hang gliders come down very slowly.


Nature abhors a hero.  For one thing, he violates the law of conservation
of energy.  For another, how can it be the survival of the fittest when the
fittest keeps putting himself in situations where he is most likely to be
creamed?
		-- Solomon Short


Woman would be more charming if one could
fall into her arms without falling into her hands.
		-- DeGourmont


No man is useless who has a friend,
and if we are loved we are indispensable.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson


McCoy's a seducer galore,
And of virgins he has quite a score.
	He tells them, "My dear,
	You're the Final Frontier,
Where man never has gone before."


The horror... the horror!


QOTD:
	"What would the world be like without men?  A lot of fat,
	happy women."


The difference between common-sense and paranoia is that common-sense is
thinking everyone is out to get you.  That's normal -- they are.  Paranoia
is thinking that they're conspiring.
		-- J. Kegler


Today, of course, it is considered very poor taste to use the F-word
except in major motion pictures.
		-- Dave Barry, "$#$%#^%!^%&@%@!"


alta, v:	To change; make or become different; modify.
ansa, v:	A spoken or written reply, as to a question.
baa, n:		A place people meet to have a few drinks.
Baaston, n:	The capital of Massachusetts.
baaba, n:	One whose business is to cut or trim hair or beards.
beea, n:	An alcoholic beverage brewed from malt and hops, often
			found in baas.
caaa, n:	An automobile.
centa, n:	A point around which something revolves; axis.  (Or
			someone involved with the Knicks.)
chouda, n:	A thick seafood soup, often in a milk base.
dada, n:	Information, esp. information organized for analysis or
			computation.
		-- Massachewsetts Unabridged Dictionary


It is far better to be deceived than to be undeceived by those we love.


Binary, adj.:
	Possessing the ability to have friends of both sexes.


If you think last Tuesday was a drag,
wait till you see what happens tomorrow!


Thank you for observing all safety precautions.


Ignorance is bliss.
		-- Thomas Gray

Fortune updates the great quotes, #42:
	BLISS is ignorance.


There's no real need to do housework -- after four years it doesn't get
any worse.


The ripest fruit falls first.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"


It is your concern when your neighbor's wall is on fire.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Misery no longer loves company.
Nowadays it insists on it.
		-- Russell Baker


It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli


You have only to mumble a few words in church to get married
and few words in your sleep to get divorced.


He's a son-of-a-bitch, but he's our son-of-a-bitch.
		-- FDR on Nicaraguan dictator Anastasio Somoza


The woman who lives on the moon
Is still cherishing the balloon
	Of an earthling who'd come
	And given her some,
But had dribbled away all too soon.


For her first week's salary the gorgeous new secretary was given an
exquisite nightgown of imported lace.  The next week her salary was
raised!


It's amazing how much better you feel once you've given up hope.


Indifference will certainly be the downfall of mankind, but who cares?


Ditat Deus.  (God enriches.)


If life is a stage, I want some better lighting.


The First: I'm not a demon little girl, I am something that you can't
	even conceive.  The first evil.  Beyond sin, beyond death.
	I am the thing the darkness fears.  You'll never see me but I
	am everywhere.  Every being, every thought, every drop of hate.
Buffy:	Alright I get it, you're evil.  Do we have to chat about it all day?
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Amends"
		   Season 3, Episode 10


I want to marry a girl just like the girl that married dear old dad.
		-- Freud


There are no physicists in the hottest parts of hell, because the existence
of a "hottest part" implies a temperature difference, and any marginally
competent physicist would immediately use this to run a heat engine and make
some other part of hell comfortably cool.  This is obviously impossible.
		-- Richard Davisson


Giving money and power to governments is like giving whiskey and
car keys to teenage boys.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


Slowly and surely the Unix crept up on the Nintendo user ...


	The Minnesota Board of Education voted to consider requiring all
students to do some "volunteer work" as a prerequisite to high school gradu-
ation.
	Senator Orrin Hatch said that "capital punishment is our society's
recognition of the sanctity of human life."

	According to the tax bill signed by President Reagan on December 22,
1987, Don Tyson and his sister-in-law Barbara run a "family farm."  Their
"farm" has 25,000 employees and grosses $1.7 billion a year.  But as a "family
farm" they get tax breaks that save them $135 million a year.

	Scott L. Pickard, spokesperson for the Massachusetts Department of
Public Works, calls them "ground-mounted confirmatory route markers."  You
probably call them road signs, but then you don't work in a government agency.

	It's not "elderly" or "senior citizens" anymore.  Now it's "chrono-
logically experienced citizens."

	According to the FAA, the propeller blade didn't break off, it was
just a case of "uncontained blade liberation."
		-- Quarterly Review of Doublespeak (NCTE)


ADA:
	Something you need only know the name of to be an Expert in
	Computing.  Useful in sentences like, "We had better develop
	an ADA awareness.
		-- "Datamation", January 15, 1984


When forecasting, give them a number
or give them a date, but never both.


Hackers are just a migratory life form with a tropism for computers.


I hold your hand in mine, dear, I press it to my lips,
I take a healthy bite from your dainty fingertips,
My joy would be complete, dear, if you were only here,
But still I keep your hand as a precious souvenir.

The night you died I cut it off, I really don't know why,
For now each time I kiss it I get bloodstains on my tie,
I'm sorry now I killed you, our love was something fine,
So until they come to get me I will hold your hand in mine.

		-- Tom Lehrer, "I Hold Your Hand In Mine"


FreeBSD: putting the horse before the cart since 1992.
		-- Warner Losh


Persistence in one opinion has never been considered
a merit in political leaders.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero, "Ad familiares", 1st century BC


Think lucky. If you fall in a pond, check your pockets for fish.
		-- Darrell Royal


Welcome to UNIX!  Enjoy your session!  Have a great time!  Note the
use of exclamation points!  They are a very effective method for
demonstrating excitement, and can also spice up an otherwise plain-looking
sentence!  However, there are drawbacks!  Too much unnecessary exclaiming
can lead to a reduction in the effect that an exclamation point has on
the reader!  For example, the sentence

	Jane went to the store to buy bread

should only be ended with an exclamation point if there is something
sensational about her going to the store, for example, if Jane is a
cocker spaniel or if Jane is on a diet that doesn't allow bread or if
Jane doesn't exist for some reason!  See how easy it is?!  Proper control
of exclamation points can add new meaning to your life!  Call now to receive
my free pamphlet, "The Wonder and Mystery of the Exclamation Point!"!
Enclose fifteen(!) dollars for postage and handling!  Operators are
standing by!  (Which is pretty amazing, because they're all cocker spaniels!)


In a display of perverse brilliance, Carl the repairman mistakes a room
humidifier for a mid-range computer but manages to tie it into the network
anyway.
		-- The 5th Wave


My father taught me three things:
	1: Never mix whiskey with anything but water.
	2: Never try to draw to an inside straight.
	3: Never discuss business with anyone who refuses to give his name.


They sentenced me to twenty years of boredom for trying to change the
system from within.  I'm coming now I'm coming to reward them.  First
we take Manhattan, then we take Berlin.

I'm guided by a signal in the heavens.  I'm guided by this birthmark on
my skin.  I'm guided by the beauty of our weapons.  First we take Manhattan,
then we take Berlin.

I'd really like to live beside you, baby.  I love your body and your spirit
and your clothes.  But you see that line there moving through the station?
I told you I told you I told you I was one of those.
		-- Leonard Cohen, "First We Take Manhattan"


We ARE as gods and might as well get good at it.
		-- Whole Earth Catalog


Invest in physics -- own a piece of Dirac!


Usually, when a lot of men get together, it's called a war.
		-- Mel Brooks, "The Listener"


So many beautiful women and so little time.
		-- John Barrymore


Happiness, n.:
	An agreeable sensation arising from contemplating the misery of
	another.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Calvin:	"I wonder where we go when we die."
Hobbes:	"Pittsburgh?"
Calvin:	"You mean if we're good or if we're bad?"


On Brassieres:
	Russian:	Uplifts the masses.
	Salvation Army:	Raises the fallen.
	American:	Makes mountains out of molehills.


	"You know, it's at times like this when I'm trapped in a Vogon
airlock with a man from Betelgeuse and about to die of asphyxiation in
deep space that I really wish I'd listened to what my mother told me
when I was young!"
	"Why, what did she tell you?"
	"I don't know, I didn't listen!"
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Never be led astray onto the path of virtue.


Diet Mountain Dew has the same pH and density of urine.
		-- Newsweek, 31 July, 1989


Ever wonder if taxation without representation might have been cheaper?


We are each only one drop in a great
ocean -- but some of the drops sparkle!


QOTD:
	"If it's too loud, you're too old."


If reporters don't know that truth is plural, they ought to be lawyers.
		-- Tom Wicker


Adding features does not necessarily increase
functionality -- it just makes the manuals thicker.


Fine day for friends.
So-so day for you.


They are called computers simply because computation is
the only significant job that has so far been given to them.


Fog Lamps, n.:
	Excessively (often obnoxiously) bright lamps mounted on the fronts
	of automobiles; used on dry, clear nights to indicate that the
	driver's brain is in a fog.  See also "Idiot Lights".


BYTE editors are people who separate the wheat from the chaff, and then
carefully print the chaff.


Avoid reality at all costs.


If you do not wish a man to do a thing, you had better get him to talk about
it; for the more men talk, the more likely they are to do nothing else.
		-- Carlyle


The trouble with incest is that it gets you involved with relatives.
		-- George S. Kaufman


The meta-Turing test counts a thing as intelligent if it seeks to
devise and apply Turing tests to objects of its own creation.
		-- Lew Mammel, Jr.


	For three years, the young attorney had been taking his brief
vacations at this country inn.  The last time he'd finally managed an
affair with the innkeeper's daughter.  Looking forward to an exciting
few days, he dragged his suitcase up the stairs of the inn, then stopped
short.  There sat his lover with an infant on her lap!
	"Helen, why didn't you write when you learned you were pregnant?"
he cried.  "I would have rushed up here, we could have gotten married,
and the baby would have my name!"
	"Well," she said, "when my folks found out about my condition,
we sat up all night talkin' and talkin' and finally decided it would be
better to have a bastard in the family than a lawyer."


Question:
Man Invented Alcohol,
God Invented Grass.
Who do you trust?


Support the American Kidney Foundation.
Don't wear your motorcycle helmet.


CALIFORNIA:
	From Latin 'calor', meaning "heat" (as in English 'calorie' or
	Spanish 'caliente'); and 'fornia', for "sexual intercourse" or
	"fornication." Hence:  Tierra de California, "the land of hot sex."
		-- Ed Moran, Covina, California


Say my love is easy had,
Say I'm bitten raw with pride,
Say I am too often sad --
Still behold me at your side.

Say I'm neither brave nor young,
Say I woo and coddle care,
Say the devil touched my tongue,
Still you have my heart to wear.

But say my verses do not scan,
And I get me another man!
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Fighting Words"


The nervous young bride became irritated by her husband's lusty advances on
their wedding night and reprimanded him severely.
	"I demand proper manners in bed," she declared, "just as I do at
the dinner table."
	Amused by his wife's formality, the groom smoothed his rumpled hair
and climbed quietly between the sheets.  "Is that better?" he asked, with a
hint of a smile.
	"Yes," replied the girl, "much better."
	"Very good, darling," the husband whispered.  "Now would you
be so kind as to please pass the pussy?"


The Psblurtex is an 18-inch long anaconda that hides in the gentlemen's
outfitting departments of Amazonian stores and is often bought by mistake
since its colors are those of the London Reform Club.  Once tied around its
victim's neck, it strangles him gently and then claims the insurance before
running off to Germany where it lives in hiding.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.


	"You boys lookin' for trouble?"
	"Sure.  Whaddya got?"
		-- Marlon Brando, "The Wild Ones"


The Law of the Letter:
	The best way to inspire fresh thoughts is to seal the envelope.


There is no cure for birth and death other than to enjoy the interval.
		-- George Santayana


She's looking for:	He's looking for:	Foreplay:
1957			Someone who'll go	Her: Finding a place to put
Mr. Nice Guy		all the way		     her gum
						Him: Wondering which word would
						     best describe her breasts
						     to the guys

1967			Someone who's got	The first ten minutes
Mr. Natural		rolling papers and	of "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida"
			will go all the way

1977			Someone who'll go	Testing the batteries
Mr. Goodbar		all the way in leg
			warmers and a leather
			face mask

1987			Someone who's never	Examination of the genitalia
Mr. Clean		gone all the way in	under the magnifying glass
			San Francisco		that Grandma used for needle-
						point before she passed away
		-- Michael Corcoran, "National Lampoon", October 1987


I have never understood this liking for war.  It panders to instincts
already catered for within the scope of any respectable domestic
establishment.
		-- Alan Bennett


Cinderella 10:
	A woman who sucks and fucks 'til midnight and
	then turns into a pizza and a six-pack.


When my fist clenches crack it open,
Before I use it and lose my cool.
When I smile tell me some bad news,
Before I laugh and act like a fool.

And if I swallow anything evil,
Put you finger down my throat.
And if I shiver please give me a blanket,
Keep me warm let me wear your coat

No one knows what it's like to be the bad man,
	to be the sad man.
Behind blue eyes.
No one knows what its like to be hated,
	to be fated,
To telling only lies.
		-- The Who, "Behind Blue Eyes"


Out of the mouths of babes does often come cereal.


It seems intuitively obvious to me, which means that it might be wrong.
		-- Chris Torek


I have always noticed that whenever a radical takes
to Imperialism, he catches it in a very acute form.
		-- Winston Churchill, 1903


Slurm, n.:
	The slime that accumulates on the underside of a soap bar when
	it sits in the dish too long.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


			Pittsburgh driver's test
8: Pedestrians are
	a) irrelevant.
	b) communists.
	c) a nuisance.
	d) difficult to clean off the front grille.
The correct answer is a.  Pedestrians are not in cars, so they
are totally irrelevant to driving, and you should ignore them
completely.


Going the speed of light is bad for your age.


Your best consolation is the hope that the things
you failed to get weren't really worth having.


Of all forms of caution, caution in love is the most fatal.


It's easy to forgive someone for being wrong;
it's much harder to forgive them for being right.


Code rot -- mostly caused by people redefining "fresh".
		-- Wes Peters


For children with short attention spans: boomerangs that don't come back.


A student, in hopes of understanding the Lambda-nature, came to Greenblatt.
As they spoke a Multics system hacker walked by.  "Is it true", asked the
student, "that PL-1 has many of the same data types as Lisp?"  Almost before
the student had finished his question, Greenblatt shouted, "FOO!", and hit
the student with a stick.


Good government never depends upon laws, but upon the personal qualities of
those who govern.  The machinery of government is always subordinate to the
will of those who administer that machinery.  The most important element of
government, therefore, is the method of choosing leaders.
		-- Frank Herbert, "Children of Dune"


	A domineering man married a mere wisp of a girl.  He came back from
his honeymoon a chastened man.  He'd become aware of the will of the wisp.


At the foot of the mountain, thunder:
The image of Providing Nourishment.
Thus the superior man is careful of his words
And temperate in eating and drinking.


FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #19

A:	To be or not to be.
Q:	What is the square root of 4b^2?


Never trust an operating system.


His heart was yours from the first moment that you met.


As I thought, no better from this side.
		-- Eeyore


In charity there is no excess.
		-- Francis Bacon


All other things being equal, a bald man cannot be elected President of
the United States.
		-- Vic Gold


Filibuster, n.:
	Throwing your wait around.


A guy comes into a bar with a frog and sets it down next to the prettiest
girl there.
	"This is a very special frog," he informs her.  "His name is Charlie."
	"What's so special about this frog?" she asks.
He's reluctant to tell her, but when pressed, explains that,
	"This frog can eat pussy."
The girl slaps him, knocking him off his chair, and accuses him of telling her
a filthy lie.  But no, he assures her, it's completely true.  And after much
discussion, she agrees to come back to his apartment to see the frog in action.
She positions herself appropriately, the guy carefully takes out the frog, and
says, "Okay, Charlie, do your stuff!"  The frog is immobile, despite his
owner's exhortations, and the girl starts to snicker.
	"Okay, Charlie, do your stuff!"
	"C'mon Charlie, do your stuff!"
By now, the girl is laughing openly.
	"Okay, Charlie," says the guy, moving the frog out of the way, "I'm
only going to show you one more time."


Good salesmen and good repairmen will never go hungry.
		-- R. E. Schenk


Who will take care of the world after you're gone?


Love is staying up all night with a sick child, or a healthy adult.


Anyone who considers protocol unimportant has never dealt with a cat.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


After a number of decimal places, nobody gives a damn.


Measure twice, cut once.


Don't remember what you can infer.
		-- Harry Tennant


The fact that Hitler was a political genius unmasks the nature of politics
in general as no other can.
		-- Wilhelm Reich


	Looking for a cool one after a long, dusty ride, the drifter strode
into the saloon.  As he made his way through the crowd to the bar, a man
galloped through town screaming, "Big Mike's comin'!  Run fer yer lives!"
	Suddenly, the saloon doors burst open.  An enormous man, standing over
eight feet tall and weighing an easy 400 pounds, rode in on a bull, using a
rattlesnake for a whip.  Grabbing the drifter by the arm and throwing him over
the bar, the giant thundered, "Gimme a drink!"
	The terrified man handed over a bottle of whiskey, which the man
guzzled in one gulp and then smashed on the bar.  He then stood aghast as
the man stuffed the broken bottle in his mouth, munched broken glass and
smacked his lips with relish.
	"Can I, ah, uh, get you another, sir?" the drifter stammered.
	"Naw, I gotta git outta here, boy," the man grunted.  "Big Mike's
a-comin'."


Bounders get bound when they are caught bounding.
		-- Ralph Lewin


File cabinet:
	A four drawer, manually activated trash compactor.


The animals are not as stupid as one thinks -- they have neither
doctors nor lawyers.
		-- L. Docquier


Any given program will expand to fill available memory.


Be assured that a walk through the ocean of most Souls would scarcely
get your Feet wet.  Fall not in Love, therefore: it will stick to your
face.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


egrep -n '^[a-z].*\(' $ | sort -t':' +2.0


To those accustomed to the precise, structured methods of conventional
system development, exploratory development techniques may seem messy,
inelegant, and unsatisfying.  But it's a question of congruence:
precision and flexibility may be just as disfunctional in novel,
uncertain situations as sloppiness and vacillation are in familiar,
well-defined ones.  Those who admire the massive, rigid bone structures
of dinosaurs should remember that jellyfish still enjoy their very
secure ecological niche.
		-- Beau Sheil, "Power Tools for Programmers"


A day without sunshine is like night.


The randy old Bey of Algiers
Who'd confined his cock-poking to queers,
	Tried a cunt for a change,
	And remarked: "It felt strange ...
Just think what I've missed all these years!"


Kissing don't last, cookery do.
		-- George Meredith


XEROX never does anything original.


The meek inherit the earth -- usually in small sections... about 6 by 3.


Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what do you say to a cold one?
Norm:  See you later, Vera, I'll be at Cheers.
		-- Cheers, Norm's Last Hurrah

Sam:	Well, look at you.  You look like the cat that
	swallowed the canary.
Norm:	And I need a beer to wash him down.
		-- Cheers, Norm's Last Hurrah

Woody:  Would you like a beer, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   No, I'd like a dead cat in a glass.
		-- Cheers, Little Carla, Happy at Last, Part 2


The justifications for drug testing are part of the presently fashionable
debate concerning restoring America's "competitiveness." Drugs, it has been
revealed, are responsible for rampant absenteeism, reduced output, and poor
quality work.  But is drug testing in fact rationally related to the
resurrection of competitiveness?  Will charging the atmosphere of the
workplace with the fear of excretory betrayal honestly spur productivity?
Much noise has been made about rehabilitating the worker using drugs, but
to date the vast majority of programs end with the simple firing or the not
hiring of the abuser.  This practice may exacerbate, not alleviate, the
nation's productivity problem.  If economic rehabilitation is the ultimate
goal of drug testing, then criteria abandoning the rehabilitation of the
drug-using worker is the purest of hypocrisy and the worst of rationalization.
		-- The concluding paragraph of "Constitutional Law: The
		   Fourth Amendment and Drug Testing in the Workplace,"
		   Tim Moore, Harvard Journal of Law & Public Policy, vol.
		   10, No. 3 (Summer 1987), pp. 762-768.


Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine,
Lisp Machine is Fun.
Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine,
Fun for everyone.


When man calls an animal "vicious", he usually means that it
will attempt to defend itself when he tries to kill it.


Cruickshank's Law of Committees:
	If a committee is allowed to discuss a bad idea long enough, it
	will inevitably decide to implement the idea simply because so
	much work has already been done on it.


Gorbachev woke up early one morning, and felt great.  He walked over to his
window, threw back the curtains, and saw the sun coming up.  He felt *so*
good, he crowed, "Good Morning Sun!", and was startled when a great booming
voice came back to him, "Good morning Comrade!  Good morning to you and
the great Soviet Socialist Republic!".  Of course, this surprised him, but
great politician that he is, he considers the political ramifications.
Gorbachev then woke up Reza and his closest aides, brought them into his
bedroom, and shouted out "Good morning, Comrade Sun!".  Again a booming reply,
"Good morning, Comrade.  Good morning to you and the rest of the Party!"
Everyone was quite excited about this, and Gorbachev sat down to his
day's work with a feeling of being destiny's favorite child.
	Later, in the evening, he was preparing for the ballet.  As he
dressed, he noticed that the sun was setting.  Walking over to the window,
Gorbachev threw up the sash and again addressed the sun, "Good evening to
you, Comrade Sun!".  Once more the great voice boomed out, "Fuck you,
asshole!  I'm in the West now!"


I got vision, and the rest of the world wears bifocals.
		-- Butch Cassidy


History is on our side (as long as we can control the historians).


All jobs should be open to everybody, unless they actually require a
penis or a vagina.
		-- Florynce Kennedy

There are really not many jobs that actually require a penis
or a vagina, and all other occupations should be open to everyone.
		-- Gloria Steinem


If you fail to plan, plan to fail.


After twelve years of therapy my psychiatrist said something that
brought tears to my eyes.  He said, "No hablo ingles."
		-- Ronnie Shakes


It proves what they say, give the public what they want to see and
they'll come out for it.
		-- Red Skelton, surveying the funeral of Hollywood
		   mogul Harry Cohn


Mistakeholder, n.:
	A person who depends on accidental features or
	implementation errors and so now has a vested
	interest in keeping things from being fixed.
		-- Chip Morningstar


It is better to give than to lend, and it costs about the same.


So from the depths of its enchantment, Terra was able to calculate a course
of action.  Here at last was an opportunity to consort with Dirbanu on a
friendly basis -- great Dirbanu which, since it had force fields which Earth
could not duplicate, must of necessity have many other things Earth could
use; mighty Dirbanu before whom we would kneel in supplication (with purely-
for-defense bombs hidden in our pockets) with lowered heads (making invisible
the knife in our teeth) and ask for crumbs from their table (in order to
extrapolate the location of their kitchens).
		-- T. Sturgeon, "The World Well Lost"


You must include all income you receive in the form of money, property
and services if it is not specifically exempt.  Report property (goods)
and services at their fair market values.  Examples include income from
bartering or swapping transactions, side commissions, kickbacks, rent
paid in services, illegal activities (such as stealing, drugs, etc.),
cash skimming by proprietors and tradesmen, "moonlighting" services,
gambling, prizes and awards.  Not reporting such income can lead to
prosecution for perjury and fraud.
		-- Excerpt from Taxachussettes income tax forms


Justice, n.:
	A decision in your favor.


Pain is just God's way of hurting you.


If practice makes perfect, and nobody's perfect, why practice?


If you are of the opinion that the contemplation of suicide is sufficient
evidence of a poetic nature, do not forget that actions speak louder than
words.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"


Think honk if you're a telepath.


There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX.
We don't believe this to be a coincidence.
		-- Jeremy S. Anderson


The more data I punch in this card, the lighter it becomes, and the
lower the mailing cost.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


Sometimes guys'll say to you, "Have a good one."  I say, "I already have
a good one.  Now I'm looking for a longer one."
		-- George Carlin


For I swore I would stay a year away from her; out and alas!
but with break of day I went to make supplication.
		-- Paulus Silentarius, c. 540 A.D.


Bernard Shaw is an excellent man; he has not an enemy in the world, and
none of his friends like him either.
		-- Oscar Wilde


