Our policy is, when in doubt, do the right thing.
		-- Roy L. Ash, ex-president, Litton Industries


I wonder what my wife will want tonight;
Wonder if the wife will fuss and fight?
	I wonder can she tell
	That I've been raising hell;
Wonder if she'll know that I've been tight?

My wife is just as nice as can be,
I hope she doesn't feel too nice toward me.
	For an afternoon of joy,
	Is hell on the old boy,
I wonder what the wife will want tonight!


The early bird gets the coffee left over from the night before.


All bad precedents began as justifiable measures.
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar, quoted in "The Conspiracy of
		   Catiline", by Sallust


So... if you could choose any nose in the whole wide world,
which one would you pick?


Far duller than a serpent's tooth it is to spend a quiet youth.


	He had been bitten by a dog, but didn't give it much thought
until he noticed that the wound was taking a remarkably long time to
heal.  Finally, he consulted a doctor who took one look at it and
ordered the dog brought in.  Just as he had suspected, the dog had
rabies.  Since it was too late to give the patient serum, the doctor
felt he had to prepare him for the worst.  The poor man sat down at the
doctor's desk and began to write.  His physician tried to comfort him.
"Perhaps it won't be so bad," he said. "You needn't make out your will
right now."
	"I'm not making out any will," relied the man.  "I'm just writing
out a list of people I'm going to bite!"


If two people love each other, there can be no happy end to it.
		-- Ernest Hemingway


	A novice asked the master: "I perceive that one computer company is
much larger than all others.  It towers above its competition like a giant
among dwarfs.  Any one of its divisions could comprise an entire business.
Why is this so?"
	The master replied, "Why do you ask such foolish questions?  That
company is large because it is so large.  If it only made hardware, nobody
would buy it.  If it only maintained systems, people would treat it like a
servant.  But because it combines all of these things, people think it one
of the gods!  By not seeking to strive, it conquers without effort."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Sam:  What's new, Norm?
Norm: Most of my wife.
		-- Cheers, The Spy Who Came in for a Cold One

Coach: Beer, Norm?
Norm:  Naah, I'd probably just drink it.
		-- Cheers, Now Pitching, Sam Malone

Coach:	What's doing, Norm?
Norm:	Well, science is seeking a cure for thirst.  I happen
	to be the guinea pig.
		-- Cheers, Let Me Count the Ways


Every man who is high up likes to think that he has done
it all himself, and the wife smiles and lets it go at that.
		-- Barrie


This sentence does in fact not have the property it claims not to have.


Two midgets arrived at the convent door and asked to speak with the Mother
Superior.  Led into her office, the first one asked respectfully "Excuse
me, your holiness, but are there any midget nuns in this convent?"
	Receiving a reply to the negative, he asked whether any midget
nuns were to be found in any of the neighboring parish.  Again the reply
was no.
	The tiny man scratched his head and posed a final question.  "Beggin'
your pardon, Mother Superior, but would you know of *any* midget nuns at
all, anywhere?"  The nun shook her head.
	At which the first midget turned to the second midget, put his hand
on his shoulder, and said, "You see, I told you you fucked a penguin!"


Very few people do anything creative after the age of thirty-five.  The
reason is that very few people do anything creative before the age of
thirty-five.
		-- Joel Hildebrand


There are so many people wanting a piece of my ass that some of them
are having to take turns.
		-- T.K.


Love is eating her even when she's not having her period.


	THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #2: RENE

Named after the famous French philosopher and mathematician Rene
Descartes, RENE is a language used for artificial intelligence.  The
language is being developed at the Chicago Center of Machine Politics
and Programming under a grant from the Jane Byrne Victory Fund.  A
spokesman described the language as "Just as great as dis [sic] city of
ours."

The center is very pleased with progress to date.  They say they have
almost succeeded in getting a VAX to think. However, sources inside the
organization say that each time the machine fails to think it ceases to
exist.


Seems like this duck waddles into a pharmacy, waddles up to the prescription
counter and rings the bell.  The pharmacist walks up and asks, "Can I help
you?".
	The duck replies, "Yes, I'd like a box of condoms, please."
	"Certainly", says the pharmacist, "will that be cash or would
you like me to put it on your bill?"
	Snarls the duck, "Just what kind of duck do you think I am?"


Illusion is the first of all pleasures.
		-- Voltaire


Besides the device, the box should contain:

* Eight little rectangular snippets of paper that say "WARNING"

* A plastic packet containing four 5/17 inch pilfer grommets and two
  club-ended 6/93 inch boxcar prawns.

YOU WILL NEED TO SUPPLY: a matrix wrench and 60,000 feet of tram
cable.

IF ANYTHING IS DAMAGED OR MISSING: You IMMEDIATELY should turn to your
spouse and say: "Margaret, you know why this country can't make a car
that can get all the way through the drive-through at Burger King
without a major transmission overhaul?  Because nobody cares, that's
why."

WARNING: This is assuming your spouse's name is Margaret.
		-- Dave Barry, "Read This First!"


It's amazing how nice people are to you when they know you're going away.
		-- Michael Arlen


Everyone who comes in here wants three things:
	1. They want it quick.
	2. They want it good.
	3. They want it cheap.
I tell 'em to pick two and call me back.
		-- sign on the back wall of a small printing company


I'm not even going to *bother* comparing C to BASIC or FORTRAN.
		-- L. Zolman, creator of BDS C


"The subspace _W inherits the other 8 properties of _V. And there aren't
even any property taxes."
		-- J. MacKay, Mathematics 134b


I am very fond of the company of ladies.  I like their beauty,
I like their delicacy, I like their vivacity, and I like their silence.
		-- Samuel Johnson


To every Ph.D. there is an equal and opposite Ph.D.
		-- B. Duggan


DEFAULT:
	The hardware's, of course.


Fortune's Law of the Week (this week, from Kentucky):
	No female shall appear in a bathing suit at any airport in this
State unless she is escorted by two officers or unless she is armed
with a club.  The provisions of this statute shall not apply to females
weighing less than 90 pounds nor exceeding 200 pounds, nor shall it
apply to female horses.


IBM: It may be slow, but it's hard to use.


Humpty Dumpty was pushed.


Immature artists imitate, mature artists steal.
		-- Lionel Trilling


'Martyrdom' is the only way a person can become famous without ability.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


It's is not, it isn't ain't, and it's it's, not its, if you mean it is.
If you don't, it's its.  Then too, it's hers.  It isn't her's.  It isn't
our's either.  It's ours, and likewise yours and theirs.
		-- Oxford University Press, "Edpress News"


Angel:	We need you to distract the vampires.
Buffy:	Right.
Xander:	What are you going to do?
Buffy:	I'm going to kill them all.  (Walking away)
	That oughta distract them.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "When She Was Bad"
		   Season 2, Episode 1


Beware the one behind you.


C'est magnifique, mais ce n'est pas la guerre!


We should keep the Panama Canal.  After all, we stole it fair and square.
		-- S. I. Hayakawa


	On this morning in August when I was 13, my mother sent us out pick
tomatoes.  Back in April I'd have killed for a fresh tomato, but in August
they are no more rare or wonderful than rocks.  So I picked up one and threw
it at a crab apple tree, where it made a good *splat*, and then threw a tomato
at my brother.  He whipped one back at me.  We ducked down by the vines,
heaving tomatoes at each other.  My sister, who was a good person, said,
"You're going to get it."  She bent over and kept on picking.
	What a target!  She was 17, a girl with big hips, and bending over,
she looked like the side of a barn.
	I picked up a tomato so big it sat on the ground.  It looked like it
had sat there a week.  The underside was brown, small white worms lived in it,
and it was very juicy.  I stood up and took aim, and went into the windup,
when my mother at the kitchen window called my name in a sharp voice.  I had
to decide quickly.  I decided.
	A rotten Big Boy hitting the target is a memorable sound, like a fat
man doing a belly-flop.  With a whoop and a yell the tomatoee came after me
faster than I knew she could run, and grabbed my shirt and was about to brain
me when Mother called her name in a sharp voice.  And my sister, who was a
good person, obeyed and let go -- and burst into tears.  I guess she knew that
the pleasure of obedience is pretty thin compared with the pleasure of hearing
a rotten tomato hit someone in the rear end.
		-- Garrison Keillor, "Lake Wobegon Days"


You will be run over by a bus.


The randy old Bey of Algiers
Who'd confined his cock-poking to queers,
	Tried a cunt for a change,
	And remarked: "It felt strange ...
Just think what I've missed all these years!"


There is no need to do any housework at all.  After the first four years
the dirt doesn't get any worse.
		-- Quentin Crisp


The ideal voice for radio may be defined as showing no substance,
no sex, no owner, and a message of importance for every housewife.
		-- Harry V. Wade


	A Mexican and a Texan worked together for a construction firm, and,
while they were good friends, they had a friendly rivalry over whose wife
was the better cook.  One weekend, as the Texan's wife was out of town, the
Mexican invited the Texan to have supper with his family.
	The Texan accepted, and that evening sat down to some the best stew
that he had ever eaten.
	"Damn!  That stew is fantastic!" he exclaimed to his host.  "What
kind of meat is it?"
	"Rabbeet stew," replied the Mexican.
	"Rabbit?" replied the Texan. "There aren't any rabbits around here."
	"Si, my freend, the rabbeets make the beeg noise, and I shoot theem."
	"Rabbits don't make any noise..."
	"Si, my freend, they say meeyow, meeyow!"


Uh-oh -- I've let the cat out of the bag.  Let me, then,
straightforwardly state the thesis I shall now elaborate:
Making variations on a theme is really the crux of creativity.
		-- Douglas R. Hofstadter, "Metamagical Themas"


He has been known by many names;  the Prince of Lies, the Director, Lucifer,
Belial, and once, at a party, some obnoxious drunk kept calling him "Dude".
		-- Stig's Inferno


In less than a century, computers will be making substantial
progress on ... the overriding problem of war and peace.
		-- James Slagle


Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	You wouldn't understand.
	You ask too many questions.
	In order to be a man, you have to learn to follow orders.
	That's for me to know and you to find out.
	Don't let those bullies push you around.  Go in there and stick
		up for yourself.
	You're acting too big for your britches.
	Well, you broke it.  Now are you satisfied?
	Wait till your father gets home.
	Bored?  If you're bored, I've got some chores for you.
	Shape up or ship out.


It was this guy's first day in the penitentiary; he was in a cell with a
huge burley inmate, and he was pretty nervous.  At lights-out, the inmate
jumped out of his bunk, and, turning to our hero, said, "We're going to
have sex!  You want to be the Mommy or the Daddy?"
	A very terrified hero managed to squeak out, "Uh, well, uh, I guess
I'll be the Daddy."
	"OK," smiled his roommate, "get down here and suck your Momma's dick!"


In outer space, nobody can hear you fart.


Never keep up with the Joneses. Drag them down to your level.
		-- Quentin Crisp


Climbing onto a bar stool, a piece of string asked for a beer.
	"Wait a minute.  Aren't you a string?"
	"Well, yes, I am."
	"Sorry.  We don't serve strings here."
	The determined string left the bar and stopped a passer-by.  "Excuse,
me," it said, "would you shred my ends and tie me up like a pretzel?"  The
passer-by obliged, and the string re-entered the bar.  "May I have a beer,
please?" it asked the bartender.
	The barkeep set a beer in front of the string, then suddenly stopped.
"Hey, aren't you the string I just threw out of here?"
	"No, I'm a frayed knot."


If there is a possibility of several things going wrong, the one that
will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong.


QOTD:
	"My ambition is to marry a rich woman who's too proud to let
	her husband work."


A man may be so much of everything that he is nothing of anything.
		-- Samuel Johnson


If you need anything just whistle.
You know how to whistle, don't you, Steve?
Just put your lips together and blow.
		-- Lauren Bacall, "To Have and Have Not"


Criticism comes easier than craftsmanship.
		-- Zeuxis


Basic is a high level languish.
APL is a high level anguish.


It's been so long since I made love I can't even remember who
gets tied up.
		-- Joan Rivers


$100 invested at 7% interest for 100 years will become $100,000, at
which time it will be worth absolutely nothing.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"


Life would be so much easier if we could just look at the source code.
		-- Dave Olson


The state of innocence contains the germs of all future sin.
		-- Alexandre Arnoux, "Etudes et caprices"


A man was griping to his friend about how he hated to go home after a
late card games.
	"You wouldn't believe what I go through to avoid waking my wife,"
he said.  "First, I kill the engine a block away from the house and coast
into the garage.  Then I open the door slowly, take off my shoes, and
tiptoe to our room.  But just as I'm about to slide into bed, she always
wakes up and gives me hell."
	"I make a big racket when I go home," his friend replied.
	"You do?"
	"Sure.  I honk the horn, slam the door, turn on all the lights,
stomp up to the bedroom and give my wife a big kiss.  `Hi, Alice,' I say.
`How about a little smooch for your old man?'"
	"And what does she say?" his friend asked in disbelief.
	"She doesn't say anything," his buddy replied.  "She always pretends
she's asleep."


	Never take a resume seriously.  Resumes only make money for the
people who write the resumes.  No resume ever tells an employer how many
times a job applicant has had the clap.
	Why, indeed, would anyone hire a person based on a resume written
by a professional liar?
	If the applicant is a man, the employer must ask only one question:
did the applicant go to TCU?
	If the applicant is a woman, the employer may simply ask: does she
have a tongue that can lick the paint off a dormitory wall?
		-- Dan Jenkins, "Baja Oklahoma"


Love is a snowmobile racing across the tundra, which suddenly flips
over, pinning you underneath.  At night the ice weasels come.
		-- Matt Groening, "Love is Hell"


You could get a new lease on life -- if only you
didn't need the first and last month in advance.


On-line, adj.:
	The idea that a human being should always be accessible to a
	computer.


The only thing faster than the speed of light is shit flowing downhill.
		-- Mike O'Dell


Seize the day, put no trust in the morrow!
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Programming is an unnatural act.


IBM Pollyanna Principle:
	Machines should work.  People should think.


All the big corporations depreciate their possessions, and you can,
too, provided you use them for business purposes.  For example, if you
subscribe to the Wall Street Journal, a business-related newspaper, you
can deduct the cost of your house, because, in the words of U.S.
Supreme Court Chief Justice Warren Burger in a landmark 1979 tax
decision: "Where else are you going to read the paper?  Outside?  What
if it rains?"
		-- Dave Barry, "Sweating Out Taxes"


	There are wavelengths that people cannot see, there are
sounds that people cannot hear, and maybe computers have thoughts
that people cannot think.
		-- Richard W. Hamming


If you need anything just whistle.
You know how to whistle, don't you, Steve?
Just put your lips together and blow.
		-- Lauren Bacall, "To Have and Have Not"


What's all this bru-ha-ha?


Jacquin's Postulate on Democratic Government:
	No man's life, liberty, or property are safe while the
	legislature is in session.


New Year's Eve is the time of year when a man most feels his
age, and his wife most often reminds him to act it.
		-- Webster's Unafraid Dictionary


For large values of one, one equals two, for small values of two.


	Stop!  Whoever crosseth the bridge of Death, must answer first
these questions three, ere the other side he see!

	"What is your name?"
	"Sir Brian of Bell."
	"What is your quest?"
	"I seek the Holy Grail."
	"What are four lowercase letters that are not legal flag arguments
to the Berkeley UNIX version of `ls'?"
	"I, er.... AIIIEEEEEE!"


Senate, n.:
	A body of elderly gentlemen charged with high duties and
	misdemeanors.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Endless Loop: n.	see Loop, Endless.
Loop, Endless: n.	see Endless Loop.
		-- Random Shack Data Processing Dictionary


Divorce is a game played by lawyers.
		-- Cary Grant


My cup hath runneth'd over with love.


Air pollution is really making us pay through the nose.


You know, the difference between this company and
the Titanic is that the Titanic had paying customers.


There are only two kinds of men -- the dead and the deadly.
		-- Helen Rowland


They're an insidious bunch, your killer pianos.  Had one get loose on me
back in '62.  It slipped out of the cables while we were lowering it out
of its twelfth story apartment, and crushed six innocents in an insane bid
for freedom.
		-- Stig's Inferno


Many are called, few are chosen.
Fewer still get to do the choosing.


FORTRAN is the language of Powerful Computers.
		-- Steven Feiner


Uppers are no longer stylish, methedrine is almost as rare as pure acid
or DMT.  "Consciousness Expansion" went out with LBJ and it is worth
noting, historically, that downers came in with Nixon.
		-- Dr. Hunter S. Thompson


One possible reason that things aren't going according to plan
is that there never was a plan in the first place.


Among the lucky, you are the chosen one.


How do you explain school to a higher intelligence?
		-- Elliot, "E.T."


Just when you thought you were winning the rat race, along comes a
faster rat!!!


	I managed to say, "Sorry," and no more.  I knew that he disliked
me to cry.
	This time he said, watching me, "On some occasions it is better
to weep."
	I put my head down on the table and sobbed, "If only she could come
back; I would be nice."
	Francis said, "You gave her great pleasure always."
	"Oh, not enough."
	"Nobody can give anybody enough."
	"Not ever?"
	"No, not ever.  But one must go on trying."
	"And doesn't one ever value people until they are gone?"
	"Rarely," said Francis.  I went on weeping; I saw how little I had
valued him; how little I had valued anything that was mine.
		-- Pamela Frankau, "The Duchess and the Smugs"


		Hard Copies and Chmod

And everyone thinks computers are impersonal
cold diskdrives hardware monitors
user-hostile software

of course they're only bits and bytes
and characters and strings
and files

just some old textfiles from my old boyfriend
telling me he loves me and
he'll take care of me

simply a discarded printout of a friend's directory
deep intimate secrets and
how he doesn't trust me

couldn't hurt me more if they were scented in lavender or mould
on personal stationery
		-- terri@csd4.milw.wisc.edu


Have you noticed that all you need to grow healthy,
vigorous grass is a crack in your sidewalk?


QOTD:
	"You're so dumb you don't even have wisdom teeth."


Life is a game of bridge -- and you've just been finessed.


If I'm over the hill, why is it I don't recall ever being on top?
		-- Jerry Muscha


Seems like this duck waddles into a pharmacy, waddles up to the prescription
counter and rings the bell.  The pharmacist walks up and asks, "Can I help
you?".
	The duck replies, "Yes, I'd like a box of condoms, please."
	"Certainly", says the pharmacist, "will that be cash or would
you like me to put it on your bill?"
	Snarls the duck, "Just what kind of duck do you think I am?"


		DETERIORATA

Go placidly amid the noise and waste,
And remember what comfort there may be in owning a piece thereof.
Avoid quiet and passive persons, unless you are in need of sleep.
Rotate your tires.
Speak glowingly of those greater than yourself,
And heed well their advice -- even though they be turkeys.
Know what to kiss -- and when.
Remember that two wrongs never make a right,
But that three do.
Wherever possible, put people on "HOLD".
Be comforted, that in the face of all aridity and disillusionment,
And despite the changing fortunes of time,
There is always a big future in computer maintenance.

	You are a fluke of the universe ...
	You have no right to be here.
	Whether you can hear it or not, the universe
	Is laughing behind your back.
		-- National Lampoon


CONSULTANT:
	[From con "to defraud, dupe, swindle," or, possibly, French con
	(vulgar) "a person of little merit" + sult elliptical form of
	"insult."]  A tipster disguised as an oracle, especially one who
	has learned to decamp at high speed in spite of a large briefcase
	and heavy wallet.


While you recently had your problems on the run,
they've regrouped and are making another attack.


	All he did was take the ball and run every time they called his
number -- which came to be more and more often, and in the Super Bowl Thomas
was the whole show.  But the season is now over; the purse is safe in the
vault; and Duane Thomas is facing two to twenty for possession.  Nobody really
expects him to serve time, but nobody seems to think he'll be playing for
Dallas next year either, and a few sporting people who claim to know how the
NFL works say he won't be playing for ANYBODY next year; that the Commissioner
is outraged at this mockery of all those Government-sponsored "Beware of Dope"
TV shots that dressed up the screen last autumn.
	We all enjoyed those spots, but not everyone found them convincing.
Here was a White House directive saying several million dollars would be spent
to drill dozens of Name Players to stare at the camera and try to stop grinding
their teeth long enough to say they hate drugs of any kind... and then the best
running back in the world turns out to be a goddamn uncontrollable drugsucker.
	But not for long.  There is not much room for freaks in the National
Football League.  Joe Namath was saved by the simple blind luck of getting
drafted by a team in New York City, a place where social outlaws are not
always viewed as criminals.  But Namath would have had a very different trip
if he'd been drafted by the St. Louis Cardinals.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


Kaufman's Law:
	A policy is a restrictive document to prevent a recurrence
	of a single incident, in which that incident is never mentioned.


After all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done.


Computers can't cruise.  Meandering is a foreign concept to them.
The computer assumes that all behavior is in pursuit of an ultimate
goal.  Whenever a motorist changes his or her mind and veers off
course, the GPS lady issues that snippy announcement: "Recalculating!"
		-- Joel Achenbach (www.slate.com, 20 Jun 2008)


There are no manifestos like cannon and musketry.
		-- The Duke of Wellington


It is amusing that a virtue is made of the vice of chastity; and
it's a pretty odd sort of chastity at that, which leads men straight
into the sin of Onan, and girls to the waning of their color.
		-- Voltaire


There are three kinds of lies: Lies, Damned Lies, and Statistics.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli


Youth is the trustee of posterity.


My sex life hasn't been so good; either fist or famine.


No line available at 300 baud.


All I ask of life is a constant and exaggerated sense of my own
importance.


MEMO:
	An interoffice communication too often written more for
	the benefit of the person who sends it than the person
	who receives it.


We have only two things to worry about:  That things will never get
back to normal, and that they already have.


Every program is a part of some other program, and rarely fits.


One picture is worth more than ten thousand words.
		-- Chinese proverb


	"You boys lookin' for trouble?"
	"Sure.  Whaddya got?"
		-- Marlon Brando, "The Wild Ones"


Fear is the greatest salesman.
		-- Robert Klein


Logic doesn't apply to the real world.
		-- Marvin Minsky


As long as there are ill-defined goals, bizarre bugs, and unrealistic
schedules, there will be Real Programmers willing to jump in and Solve
The Problem, saving the documentation for later.


You will give someone a piece of your mind, which you can ill afford.


	On the day of his anniversary, Joe was frantically shopping
around for a present for his wife.  He knew what she wanted, a
grandfather clock for the living room, but he found the right one
almost impossible to find.  Finally, after many hours of searching, Joe
found just the clock he wanted, but the store didn't deliver.  Joe,
desperate, paid the shopkeeper, hoisted the clock onto his back, and
staggered out onto the sidewalk.  On the way home, he passed a bar.
Just as he reached the door, a drunk stumbled out and crashed into Joe,
sending himself, Joe, and the clock into the gutter.  Murphy's law
being in effect, the clock ended up in roughly a thousand pieces.
	"You stupid drunk!" screamed Joe, jumping up from the
wreckage.  "Why don't you look where the hell you're going!"
	With quiet dignity the drunk stood up somewhat unsteadily and
dusted himself off.  "And why don't you just wear a wristwatch like a
normal person?"


The Messiah will come.  There will be a resurrection of the dead -- all
the things that Jews believed in before they got so damn sophisticated.
		-- Rabbi Meir Kahane


The world wants to be deceived.
		-- Sebastian Brant


If Ricky Schroder and Gary Coleman had a fight on television with
pool cues, who would win?
	1) Ricky Schroder
	2) Gary Coleman
	3) The television viewing public
		-- David Letterman


Beware of low-flying butterflies.


It's a naive, domestic operating system without any
breeding, but I think you'll be amused by its presumption.


This sentence contradicts itself -- no actually it doesn't.
		-- Douglas Hofstadter


F. Scott Fitzgerald to Hemingway:
	"Ernest, the rich are different from us."
Hemingway:
	"Yes.  They have more money."


For example, if \thinmskip = 3mu, this makes \thickmskip = 6mu.  But if
you also want to use \skip12 for horizontal glue, whether in math mode or
not, the amount of skipping will be in points (e.g., 6pt).  The rule is
that glue in math mode varies with the size only when it is an \mskip;
when moving between an mskip and ordinary skip, the conversion factor
1mu=1pt is always used.  The meaning of '\mskip\skip12' and
'\baselineskip=\the\thickmskip' should be clear.
		-- Donald E. Knuth, TeX 82 -- Comparison with TeX80


It is much easier to suggest solutions
when you know nothing about the problem.


A classic is something that everybody wants to have read
and nobody wants to read.
		-- Mark Twain quoting Professor Winchester,
		   "The Disappearance of Literature"


In any problem, if you find yourself doing an infinite amount of work,
the answer may be obtained by inspection.


Responsibility:
	Everyone says that having power is a great responsibility.  This is
a lot of bunk.  Responsibility is when someone can blame you if something
goes wrong.  When you have power you are surrounded by people whose job it
is to take the blame for your mistakes.  If they're smart, that is.
		-- Cerebus, "On Governing"


When you're a Yup
You're a Yup all the way
From your first slice of Brie
To your last Cabernet.

When you're a Yup
You're not just a dreamer
You're making things happen
You're driving a Beamer.


I'm prepared for all emergencies but
totally unprepared for everyday life.


My reaction to porno films is as follows: After the first ten minutes, I
want to go home and screw. After the first twenty minutes, I never want
to screw again as long as I live.
		-- Erica Jong


You know the great thing about TV?  If something important happens
anywhere at all in the world, no matter what time of the day or night,
you can always change the channel.
		-- Jim Ignatowski


Do you want to know what's ahead for you, in your happiness at home,
your business success?  Here's a telling test: Look in the mirror.  Is
your skin smooth and lovely, your hair gleaming, your make-up glamorous?
Are you slender enough for your height?  Do you stand erect, confident?
Yes?  Then you are on your way to success as a woman.
		-- Ladies' Home Journal, 1947 advertisement


All a man needs out of life is a place to sit 'n' spit in the fire.


Despite all appearances, your boss
is a thinking, feeling, human being.


	A cowboy, his horse and his dog were captured by hostile Indians.
This wasn't really a problem for the animals as the Indians can always use
them, but the cowboy is informed that he will be burned at the stake the
following sunrise.  That evening, the Indian chief tells the cowboy that
he can one last wish, within reason, of course, before meeting his fate
the following morning.  The cowboy replies that all he really wants is to
see his faithful dog, Rex, one last time.  When the dog is brought by the
Indians, the cowboy hugs his companion and whispers something into his ear.
At once the dog runs off over the hill.  Amazingly enough, a few hours later,
he returns, accompanied by some two dozen prostitutes from a nearby town.
Needless to say, the braves are delighted and as a reward offer the cowboy
his dog to keep him company through the rest of the night.  When the dog is
brought forth the cowboy again runs his hand over Rex's head and then bends
down to whisper into his ear: "This may be my last chance, Rex, so get it
right this time -- go into town and get the posse!"


Manual, n.:
	A unit of documentation.  There are always three or more on a given
	item.  One is on the shelf; someone has the others.  The information
	you need is in the others.
		-- Ray Simard


A timely marriage: one made before your children start nagging you about it.
		-- Diane Duane


NOTICE:
	Anyone seen smoking will be assumed to be on fire and will
	be summarily put out.


Getting there is only half as far as getting there and back.


	Why are you doing this to me?
	Because knowledge is torture, and there must be awareness before
there is change.
		-- Jim Starlin, "Captain Marvel", #29


C, n.:
	A programming language that is sort of like Pascal except more like
	assembly except that it isn't very much like either one, or anything
	else.  It is either the best language available to the art today, or
	it isn't.
		-- Ray Simard


Objects are lost only because people
look where they are not rather than where they are.


I can resist anything but temptation.


He who knows, does not speak.  He who speaks, does not know.
		-- Lao Tsu


Why, Good Morning!  I'm the bluebird of fellatio!


Civilization, as we know it, will end sometime this evening.
See SYSNOTE tomorrow for more information.


	Four Oxford dons were taking their evening walk together and as
usual, were engaged in casual but learned conversation.  On this particular
evening, their conversation was about the names given to groups of animals,
such as a "pride of lions" or a "gaggle of geese."
	One of the professors noticed a group of prostitutes down the block,
and posed the question, "What name would be given to that group?"  The four
fell into silence for a moment, as they pondered the possibilities...
	At last, one spoke: "How about 'a Jam of Tarts'?"  The others nodded
in acknowledgment as they continued to consider the problem.  A second
professor spoke: "I'd suggest 'an Essay of Trollops.'"  Again, the others
nodded.  A third spoke: "I propose 'a Flourish of Strumpets.'"
	They continued their walk in silence, until the first professor
remarked to the remaining professor, who was the most senior and learned of
the four, "You haven't suggested a name for our ladies.  What are your
thoughts?"
	Replied the fourth professor, "'An Anthology of Prose.'"


Miss Mona:	You know what burns my ass?
Ed Earl:	What?
Miss Mona:	A flame about three feet high!
		-- Dolly Parton and Burt Reynolds,
		   "The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas"


Nice guys get sick.


The greatest griefs are those we cause ourselves.
		-- Sophocles


British Israelites:
	The British Israelites believe the white Anglo-Saxons of Britain to
be descended from the ten lost tribes of Israel deported by Sargon of Assyria
on the fall of Sumeria in 721 B.C. ... They further believe that the future
can be foretold by the measurements of the Great Pyramid, which probably
means it will be big and yellow and in the hand of the Arabs.  They also
believe that if you sleep with your head under the pillow a fairy will come
and take all your teeth.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


The sex was nice, but confusing.  The whole situation kept going di-polar
on Sta-Hi.  One instant Misty would seem like a lovely warm girl who'd
survived a terrible injury, like a lost puppy to be stroked, a lonely
woman to be husbanded.  But then he'd start thinking of the wires behind
her eyes, and he'd be screwing a machine, an inanimate object, a public
toilet.  Just like with any other woman for him, really.
		-- Rudy Rucker, "Software"


In the force if Yoda's so strong, construct a sentence with words in
the proper order then why can't he?


I like paying taxes.  With them I buy civilization.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


Any instrument when dropped will roll into the least accessible corner.


K:	Cobalt's metal, hard and shining;
	Cobol's wordy and confining;
	KOBOLDS topple when you strike them;
	Don't feel bad, it's hard to like them.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC


Always leave room to add an explanation if it doesn't work out.


