Today is the first day of the rest of the mess.


	"Have you lived here all your life?"
	"Oh, twice that long."


The key elements in human thinking are not numbers but labels of fuzzy sets.
		-- L. Zadeh


The 'A' is for content, the 'minus' is for not typing it.
Don't ever do this to my eyes again.
		-- Professor Ronald Brady, Philosophy, Ramapo State College


You cannot have a science without measurement.
		-- R. W. Hamming


A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS:

7. PAY YOUR MEDICAL BILLS PROMPTLY AND WILLINGLY.
	You should consider it a privilege to contribute, however modestly,
	to the well-being of physicians and other humanitarians.

8. DO NOT SUFFER FROM AILMENTS THAT YOU CANNOT AFFORD.
	It is sheer arrogance to contract illnesses that are beyond your means.

9. NEVER REVEAL ANY OF THE SHORTCOMINGS THAT HAVE COME TO LIGHT IN THE COURSE
   OF TREATMENT BY YOUR DOCTOR.
	The patient-doctor relationship is a privileged one, and you have a
	sacred duty to protect him from exposure.

10. NEVER DIE WHILE IN YOUR DOCTOR'S PRESENCE OR UNDER HIS DIRECT CARE.
	This will only cause him needless inconvenience and embarrassment.


Thinking you know something is a sure way to blind yourself.
		-- Frank Herbert, "Chapterhouse: Dune"


That reminds me of a friend of mine who went north to work on the Alaskan
pipeline.  Before he went up there, he was just a skinny little runt.  When
he got back, he was a husky fucker.


Claude believed that only smart attractive people had the right to
fuck, and it sincerely hurt him when he discovered evidence to the
contrary.
		-- Tom Robbins


It is better to have a positive Wasserman than never to have loved at all.


Everywhere I go I'm asked if I think the university stifles writers.  My
opinion is that they don't stifle enough of them.  There's many a bestseller
that could have been prevented by a good teacher.
		-- Flannery O'Connor


All is well that ends well.
		-- John Heywood


I myself have dreamed up a structure intermediate between Dyson spheres
and planets.  Build a ring 93 million miles in radius -- one Earth orbit
-- around the sun.  If we have the mass of Jupiter to work with, and if
we make it a thousand miles wide, we get a thickness of about a thousand
feet for the base.

And it has advantages.  The Ringworld will be much sturdier than a Dyson
sphere.  We can spin it on its axis for gravity.  A rotation speed of 770
m/s will give us a gravity of one Earth normal.  We wouldn't even need to
roof it over.  Place walls one thousand miles high at each edge, facing the
sun.  Very little air will leak over the edges.

Lord knows the thing is roomy enough.  With three million times the surface
area of the Earth, it will be some time before anyone complains of the
crowding.
		-- Larry Niven, "Ringworld"


fortune: not found


UNIX is many things to many people,
but it's never been everything to anybody.


Fame lost its appeal for me when I went into a public restroom and an
autograph seeker handed me a pen and paper under the stall door.
		-- Marlo Thomas


(He opens a tolm and begins.)

	It says: "In the beginning was the Word."
	Already I am stopped.  It seems absurd.
	The Word does not deserve the highest prize,
	I must translate it otherwise.
	If I am well inspired and not blind.
	It says: "In the beginning was the Mind."
	Ponder that first line, wait and see,
	Lest you should write too hastily.
	Is the Mind the all-creating source?
	It ought to say: "In the beginning there was Force."
	Yet something warns me as I grasp the pen,
	That my translation must be changed again.
	The spirit helps me.  Now it is exact.
	I write: "In the beginning was the Act."
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, "Faust"


In the midst of one of the wildest parties he'd ever been to, the young man
noticed a very prim and pretty girl sitting quietly apart from the rest of
the revelers.  Approaching her, he introduced himself and, after some quiet
conversation, said, "I'm afraid you and I don't really fit in with this
jaded group.  Why don't I take you home?""
	"Fine," said the girl, smiling up at him demurely.  "Where do you
live?"


Aquavit is also considered useful for medicinal purposes, an essential
ingredient in what I was once told is the Norwegian cure for the common
cold.  You get a bottle, a poster bed, and the brightest colored stocking
cap you can find.  You put the cap on the post at the foot of the bed,
then get into bed and drink aquavit until you can't see the cap.  I've
never tried this, but it sounds as though it should work.
		-- Peter Nelson


	*** STUDENT SUCCESSES ***

Many of our students have gone on to achieve great success in all fields of
programming.  One former student developed the concept of the personalized
form letter.  Does the phrase, "Dear Mr.(insert name), You may already be a
winner!," sound familiar?  Another student writes "After only five lessons I
sold a "My Most Unforgettable Program" article to Corrosive Computing magazine.
Another of our graduates writes, "I recently completed a database-management
program for my department manager.  My program touched him so deeply that he
was speechless.  He told me later that he had never seen such a program in
his entire career.  Thank you, Famous Programmers' school; only you could
have made this possible."  Send for our introductory brochure which explains
in vague detail the operation of the Famous Programmers' School, and you'll
be eligible to win a possible chance to enter a drawing, the winner of which
can vie for a set of free steak knives.  If you don't do it now, you'll hate
yourself in the morning.


In charity there is no excess.
		-- Francis Bacon


Broad-mindedness, n.:
	The result of flattening high-mindedness out.


We call our dog Egypt, because in every room he leaves a pyramid.


The old man had lived all his life in a little house on the Vermont side of the
New Hampshire-Vermont border.  One day, the surveyors came to inform him that
they had just discovered that he lived in New Hampshire, not Vermont.
	"Thank heavens!" was his heartfelt reply.  "I don't think I could have
taken another one of those damned Vermont winters!"


The closest to perfection a person ever comes
is when he fills out a job application form.
		-- Stanley J. Randall


He is not only dull himself, he is the cause of dullness in others.
		-- Samuel Johnson


Where you stand depends on where you sit.
		-- Rufus Miles, HEW


One should be cherry of virgins.


Karlson's Theorem of Snack Food Packages:

For all P, where P is a package of snack food, P is a SINGLE-SERVING
package of snack food.

Gibson the Cat's Corollary:

For all L, where L is a package of lunch meat, L is Gibson's package
of lunch meat.


Be different: conform.


If reporters don't know that truth is plural, they ought to be lawyers.
		-- Tom Wicker


The most winning woman I ever knew was hanged for poisoning three little
children for their insurance money.
		-- Sherlock Holmes


QOTD:
	"If I could walk that way, I wouldn't need the aftershave."


	There are wavelengths that people cannot see, there are
sounds that people cannot hear, and maybe computers have thoughts
that people cannot think.
		-- Richard W. Hamming


Huh?


Sometimes it happens.  People just explode.  Natural causes.
		-- Repo Man


Also, the Scots are said to have invented golf.  Then they had
to invent Scotch whiskey to take away the pain and frustration.


One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible.
Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought,
a rivalry of aim.
		-- Henry Brook Adams


If the meanings of "true" and "false" were switched,
then this sentence would not be false.


Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel
a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Non Illegitemus Carborundum.
	[Don't let the bastards wear you down.]


QOTD:
	"If you're looking for trouble, I can offer you a wide selection."


I shall come to you in the night and we shall see who is stronger --
a little girl who won't eat her dinner or a great big man with cocaine
in his veins.
		-- Sigmund Freud, in a letter to his fiancee


You will be awarded a medal for disregarding safety in saving someone.


That, that is, is.
That, that is not, is not.
That, that is, is not that, that is not.
That, that is not, is not that, that is.


No, his mind is not for rent
To any god or government.
Always hopeful, yet discontent,
He knows changes aren't permanent -
But change is.


There is no statute of limitations on stupidity.


She's such a kinky girl,
The kind you don't take home to mother.
She will never let your spirits down
Once you get her off the street.


QOTD:
	"Whip me, beat me, come all over me, tell me you love me.
	Then get the fuck out."


In the middle of a wide field is a pot of gold.  100 feet to the north stands
a smart manager.  100 feet to the south stands a dumb manager.  100 feet to
the east is the Easter Bunny, and 100 feet to the west is Santa Claus.

Q:	Who gets to the pot of gold first?
A:	The dumb manager.  All the rest are myths.


On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only
nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter
what it does.
		-- Will Rogers


Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
		-- Lily Tomlin


Arrakis teaches the attitude of the knife - chopping off what's
incomplete and saying: "Now it's complete because it's ended here."
		-- Muad'dib, "Dune"


Prior to this year's Rock & Roll Hall of Fame ceremony, [Cash] went to
the bathroom.  "I was standing at the urinal, and Keith Richards walked
in...  He said, 'Look at this, I'm pissing with Johnny Cash. We need a
picture of this.'  I said, 'No, Keith, we *don't* need a picture of this.'"
		-- Rolling Stone interview with Johnny Cash


LEVERAGE:
	Even if someone doesn't care what the world thinks
	about them, they always hope their mother doesn't find out.


Bisexuality immediately doubles your chances for a date on Saturday night.
		-- Woody Allen


Woman on Street:	Sir, you are drunk; very, very drunk.
Winston Churchill:	Madame, you are ugly; very, very ugly.
			I shall be sober in the morning.


I dread success.  To have succeeded is to have finished one's business
on earth, like the male spider, who is killed by the female the moment
he has succeeded in his courtship.  I like a state of continual
becoming, with a goal in front and not behind.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


I'd love to go out with you, but I never go out on days that end in
"Y".


	In "King Henry VI, Part II," Shakespeare has Dick Butcher suggest to
his fellow anti-establishment rabble-rousers, "The first thing we do, let's
kill all the lawyers."  That action may be extreme but a similar sentiment
was expressed by Thomas K. Connellan, president of The Management Group, Inc.
Speaking to business executives in Chicago and quoted in Automotive News,
Connellan attributed a measure of America's falling productivity to an excess
of attorneys and accountants, and a dearth of production experts.  Lawyers
and accountants "do not make the economic pie any bigger; they only figure
out how the pie gets divided.  Neither profession provides any added value
to product."
	According to Connellan, the highly productive Japanese society has
10 lawyers and 30 accountants per 100,000 population.  The U.S. has 200
lawyers and 700 accountants.  This suggests that "the U.S. proportion of
pie-bakers and pie-dividers is way out of whack."  Could Dick Butcher have
been an efficiency expert?
		-- Motor Trend, May 1983


When you're ready to give up the struggle, who can you surrender to?


APL is a natural extension of assembler language programming;
...and is best for educational purposes.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


Around the turn of this century, a composer named Camille Saint-Saens wrote
a satirical zoological-fantasy called "Le Carnaval des Animaux."  Aside from
one movement of this piece, "The Swan", Saint-Saens didn't allow this work
to be published or even performed until a year had elapsed after his death.
(He died in 1921.)
	Most of us know the "Swan" movement rather well, with its smooth,
flowing cello melody against a calm background; but I've been having this
fantasy...
	What if he had written this piece with lyrics, as a song to be sung?
And, further, what if he had accompanied this song with a musical saw?  (This
instrument really does exist, often played by percussionists!)  Then the
piece would be better known as:
	SAINT-SAENS' SAW SONG "SWAN"!


Caution: Breathing may be hazardous to your health.


Back in '80 or '81 the workers were rioting in Gdansk and there were fears
that the Soviets would invade Poland to put down the demonstrations.  Foreign
correspondents were curious as to just what the Poles would do if they were
invaded.  They asked, "What will you do if the East Germans invade from the
West and the Soviets invade from the East?  Who will you fight first?"
	To which the Poles replied, "Why, we will fight the Germans first.
Business before pleasure."


Better to use medicines at the outset than at the last moment.


Relations are simply a tedious pack of people, who haven't the remotest
knowledge of how to live, nor the smallest instinct about when to die.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Importance of Being Earnest"


A beautiful man is paradise for the eyes, hell for the soul, and
purgatory for the purse.


I do not seek the ignorant; the ignorant seek me -- I will instruct them.
I ask nothing but sincerity.  If they come out of habit, they become
tiresome.
		-- I Ching


Mr. Salter's side of the conversation was limited to expressions of assent.
When Lord Copper was right he said "Definitely, Lord Copper"; when he was
wrong, "Up to a point."
	"Let me see, what's the name of the place I mean?  Capital of Japan?
Yokohama isn't it?"
	"Up to a point, Lord Copper."
	"And Hong Kong definitely belongs to us, doesn't it?"
	"Definitely, Lord Copper."
		-- Evelyn Waugh, "Scoop"


I would like to suggest that you not use speed, and here's why:  it is
going to mess up your heart, mess up your liver, your kidneys, rot out
your mind.  In general this drug will make you just like your mother
and father.
		-- Frank Zappa


