We are born naked, wet, and hungry, and get slapped on our ass ...
then things get worse.


Democracy is a form of government that substitutes election by the
incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


	A father gave his teenage daughter an untrained pedigreed pup for
her birthday.  An hour later, when wandered through the house, he found her
looking at a puddle in the center of the kitchen.  "My pup," she murmured
sadly, "runneth over."


	"You are *so* lovely."
	"Yes."
	"Yes!  And you take a compliment, too!  I like that in a goddess."


Always talk to your wife while you're
making love... if there's a phone handy.


If you laid all the Elvis impersonators in the world, end to end...
you'd wanna run and get a steam roller, real fast.
		-- David Letterman


Of course a platonic relationship is possible -- but only between
husband and wife.


Gibble gabble gabble gibble gurgle lubble gibble babble beeble triggle
	Lean closer.
Libble gabble gabble ibble gurgle gubble tibble babble feeble riggle
	Smile at her *knowingly*.
Gibble gabble sabble gibble surgle gubble gibble babble beeble giggle
	Nod sympathetically.  Show you're on *her* side.
Bibble gabble gabble babble gurgle gubble gibble tribble beeble figgle
	Touch her hand lightly.  Nobody understands but we two.
Fibble gabble fobble gibble gurgle bubble gibble tabble beeble giggle
	Look sincere.

"Why don't we have the next drink up at MY place?"

	God's gift to women strikes again.
		-- J. Feiffer


The One Page Principle:
	A specification that will not fit on one page of 8.5x11 inch paper
	cannot be understood.
		-- Mark Ardis


Between grand theft and a legal fee, there only stands a law degree.


Literature is mostly about sex and not much about having children and life
is the other way round.
		-- David Lodge, "The British Museum is Falling Down"


What has roots as nobody sees,
Is taller than trees,
Up, up it goes,
And yet never grows?


Take what you can use and let the rest go by.
		-- Ken Kesey


	A young married couple had their first child.  Their original pride
and joy slowly turned to concern however, for after a couple of years the
child had never uttered any form of speech.  They hired the best speech
therapists, doctors, psychiatrists, all to no avail.  The child simply refused
to speak.  One morning when the child was five, while the husband was reading
the paper, and the wife was feeding the dog, the little kid looks up from
his bowl and said, "My cereal's cold."
	The couple is stunned.  The man, in tears, confronts his son.  "Son,
after all these years, why have you waited so long to say something?".
	Shrugs the kid, "Everything's been okay 'til now".


She cried, and the judge wiped her tears with my checkbook.
		-- Tommy Manville


Where, oh, where, are you tonight?
Why did you leave me here all alone?
I searched the world over, and I thought I'd found true love.
You met another, and *PPHHHLLLBBBBTTT*, you wuz gone.

Gloom, despair and agony on me.
Deep dark depression, excessive misery.
If it weren't for bad luck, I'd have no luck at all.
Oh, gloom, despair and agony on me.
		-- Hee Haw


During the voyage of life, remember to keep an eye out for a
fair wind; batten down during a storm; hail all passing ships;
and fly your colors proudly.


I can't seem to bring myself to say, "Well, I guess I'll be toddling along."
It isn't that I can't toddle.  It's that I can't guess I'll toddle.
		-- Robert Benchley


Only a fool has no doubts.


You should never bet against anything in science at odds of more than
about 10^12 to 1.
		-- Ernest Rutherford


Money is the root of all evil, and man needs roots.


I would not like to be a political leader in Russia.  They never know when
they're being taped.
		-- Richard M. Nixon

I love America.  You always hurt the one you love.
		-- David Frye impersonating Nixon


Beauty may be skin deep, but ugly goes clear to the bone.
		-- Redd Foxx


Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot.
		-- Groucho Marx


Q:	Where does virgin wool come from?
A:	Ugly sheep.


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #14 -- VALGOL

	From its modest beginnings in Southern California's San Fernando
Valley VALGOL is enjoying a dramatic surge of popularity across the
industry.  VALGOL commands include REALLY, LIKE, WELL, and Y*KNOW.
Variables are assigned with the =LIKE and =TOTALLY operators.  Other
operators include the "California booleans", AX and NOWAY.  Loops are
accomplished with the FOR SURE construct.  A simple example:

	LIKE, Y*KNOW(I MEAN)START
	IF PIZZA	=LIKE BITCHEN AND
	GUY		=LIKE TUBULAR AND
	VALLEY GIRL	=LIKE GRODY**MAX(FERSURE)**2
	THEN
		FOR I =LIKE 1 TO OH*MAYBE 100
			DO*WAH - (DITTY**2); BARF(I)=TOTALLY GROSS(OUT)
		SURE
	LIKE, BAG THIS PROGRAM; REALLY; LIKE TOTALLY(Y*KNOW); IM*SURE
	GOTO THE MALL

	VALGOL is also characterized by its unfriendly error messages.  For
example, when the user makes a syntax error, the interpreter displays the
message GAG ME WITH A SPOON!  A successful compile may be termed MAXIMALLY
AWESOME!


A doctor calls his patient to give him the results of his tests.  "I have
some bad news," says the doctor, "and some worse news."  The bad news is
that you only have six weeks to live."
	"Oh, no," says the patient.  "What could possibly be worse than
that?"
	"Well," the doctor replies, "I've been trying to reach you since
last Monday."


All Finagle Laws may be bypassed by learning the simple art of doing
without thinking.


A bar patron returned from the men's room grumbling to himself.
	"What's the trouble, buddy?" the bartender inquired.
	"You got John Wayne toilet paper in there!"
	"What do you mean?" the barkeeper asked.
	"It's rough, it's tough, and it doesn't take shit from nobody."


That, that is, is.
That, that is not, is not.
That, that is, is not that, that is not.
That, that is not, is not that, that is.


I have that old biological urge,
I have that old irresistible surge,
I'm hungry.


This is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
And now you know why.


What happens when you cut back the jungle?  It recedes.


Who does not love wine, women, and song,
Remains a fool his whole life long.
		-- Johann Heinrich Voss


Most people deserve each other.
		-- Shirley


There is no future in time travel.


L'hazard ne favorise que l'esprit prepare.
		-- L. Pasteur


I've never been drunk, but often I've been overserved.
		-- George Gobel


Australia's a lovely land
It's full of bonza blokes,
Sheilas, beer and no-one's queer
Except in Pommie jokes.

Australians are lovely chaps
They're God's own chosen race.
If they ever see a fairy Pom
They'll smash him in the face.

Australians like dressing up
In skirts and having fun
And that's all we were doing
When the Vice Squad came along.
		-- Monty Python


One of my favorite jokes, a telling commentary on Jewish mothers' capacity
to lay on guilt, involves the mother who gave her son two neckties on Chanuka.
	"The boy hurried into his bedroom, ripped off the tie he was wearing,
put on one of the ties his mother had brought him, and hurried back.  "Look,
Mama! Isn't it gorgeous?"
	"Mama asked, 'What's the matter?  You don't like the other one?'"
		-- Leo Rosten, "Hooray For Yiddish"


...that the notions of "hardware", and "software" should be extended by
the notion of LIVEWARE - being that which produces software for use on
hardware.  This produces an obvious extension to the concept of MONITORS.
A liveware monitor is a person dedicated to the task of ensuring that the
liveware does not interfere with the real-time processes, invoking the
REAL-TIME EXECUTIONER to delete liveware that adversely affects ...
		-- Linden and Wihelminalaan


Even moderation ought not to be practiced to excess.


It's all right letting yourself go as long as you can let yourself back.
		-- Mick Jagger


It is impossible to enjoy idling thoroughly
unless one has plenty of work to do.
		-- Jerome Klapka Jerome


Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
		-- Alexander Pope


That's always the way when you discover
something new; everyone thinks you're crazy.
		-- Evelyn E. Smith


What we do not understand we do not possess.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Your spooning days are over,
	And your pilot light is out;
When what used to be your sex appeal
	Is now your water spout!


Life is one long struggle in the dark.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


Polish fly, n.:
	You put it in her drink and she begs you to take her bowling.


"The feminist agenda," Pat Robertson observed in a recent letter to his
supporters, "is not about equal rights for women. It is about a socialist,
anti-family political movement that encourages women to leave their
husbands, kill their children, practice witchcraft, destroy capitalism
and become lesbians."


	A novice programmer was once assigned to code a simple financial
package.
	The novice worked furiously for many days, but when his master
reviewed his program, he discovered that it contained a screen editor, a set
of generalized graphics routines, and artificial intelligence interface,
but not the slightest mention of anything financial.
	When the master asked about this, the novice became indignant.
"Don't be so impatient," he said, "I'll put the financial stuff in eventually."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Air, n.:
	A nutritious substance supplied by a bountiful Providence for
	the fattening of the poor.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Ever wonder if taxation without representation might have been cheaper?


Wernher von Braun settled for a V-2 when he coulda had a V-8.


Obstacles are what you see when you take your eyes off your goal.


When I'm gone, boxing will be nothing again.  The fans with the cigars and
the hats turned down'll be there, but no more housewives and little men in
the street and foreign presidents.  It's goin' to be back to the fighter who
comes to town, smells a flower, visits a hospital, blows a horn and says
he's in shape.  Old hat.  I was the onliest boxer in history people asked
questions like a senator.
		-- Muhammad Ali


They're just jealous because they don't have three
wise men and a virgin in the whole organization.
		-- Mayor Vincent J. "Buddy" Cianci, on the
		   ACLU's suit to have a city nativity scene removed.


Lick-a-dee-clit!


Hear about...
	the farmer who couldn't keep his hands off his wife, so he
	fired them?


If you love someone, set them free.
If they don't come back, then call them up when you're drunk.


Graduate life -- it's not just a job, it's an indenture.


The trouble with opportunity is that it
always comes disguised as hard work.
		-- Herbert V. Prochnow


		Double Bucky
	(Sung to the tune of "Rubber Duckie")

Double bucky, you're the one!
You make my keyboard lots of fun
	Double bucky, an additional bit or two:
(Vo-vo-de-o!)
Control and Meta side by side,
Augmented ASCII, nine bits wide!
	Double bucky, a half a thousand glyphs, plus a few!

Double bucky, left and right
OR'd together, outta sight!
	Double bucky, I'd like a whole word of
	Double bucky, I'm happy I heard of
	Double bucky, I'd like a whole word of you!
		-- Guy L. Steele, Jr., (C) 1978
		(to Nicholas Wirth, who suggested that an extra bit
		be added to terminal codes on 36-bit machines for use
		by screen editors.)


Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.


POLYGON:
	Dead parrot.


Avoid reality at all costs.


VMS, n.:
	The world's foremost multi-user adventure game.


Even God cannot change the past.
		-- Joseph Stalin


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #52:

Q:  What is your name?
A:  Ernestine McDowell.
Q:  And what is your marital status?
A:  Fair.


A young girl once committed suicide because her mother refused her a new
bonnet.  Coroner's verdict: "Death from excessive spunk."
		-- Sacramento Daily Union, September 13, 1860


An expert is a man who has made all the mistakes which can be made, in a
very narrow field.
		-- Niels Bohr


Eat shit and die a virgin!


Captain Hook died of jock itch.


May the Fleas of a Thousand Camels infest one of your Erogenous Zones.


I always say beauty is only sin deep.
		-- H. H. Munro, a.k.a. Saki, "Reginald's Choir Treat"


Don't worry if you're a kleptomaniac,
you can always take something for it.


The Great Movie Posters:

KATHERINE HEPBURN as the lying, stealing, singing, preying witch girl
of the Ozarks... "Low down white trash"?  Maybe so -- but let her hear
you say it and she'll break your head to prove herself a lady!
		-- Spitfire (1934)

Do Native Women Live With Apes?
		-- Love Life of a Gorilla (1937)

JUNGLE KISS!!
	When she looked into his eyes, felt his arms around her -- she
was no longer Tura, mysterious white goddess of the jungle tribes --
she was no longer the frozen-hearted high priestess under whose hypnotic
spell the worshipers of the great crocodile god meekly bowed -- she
was a girl in love!
	SEE the ravening charge of the hundred scared CROCODILES!
		-- Her Jungle Love (1938)

LOVE! HATE! JOY! FEAR! TORMENT! PANIC! SHAME! RAGE!
		-- Intermezzo (1939)


There's one fool at least in every married couple.


But they'll never mechanize me -- not me!
Said Charlotte, the Louisville harlot.
		-- S.I. Hayakawa


You had mail.
Paul read it, so ask him what it said.


New Year's Eve is the time of year when a man most feels his
age, and his wife most often reminds him to act it.
		-- Webster's Unafraid Dictionary


Do nothing unless you must, and when you must act -- hesitate.


TV is chewing gum for the eyes.
		-- Frank Lloyd Wright


We are going to give a little something, a few little years more, to
socialism, because socialism is defunct.  It dies all by itself.  The bad
thing is that socialism, being a victim of its ... Did I say socialism?
		-- Fidel Castro


My idea of a wild party is where you throw the girls' panties at the wall
and they stick.
		-- Johnny Bob


Brucify, v.:
	1: Kill by nailing onto style(9); "David O'Brien was brucified"
	2: Annoy constantly by reminding of potential improvements
	   [syn: {torment}, {rag}, {tantalize}, {bedevil}, {dun},
	   {frustrate}]
	3: Fix problems that were indicated in an earlier brucification
	   (of one of the two other meanings).
The word 'brucify' originally comes from the style-reviews of Bruce
Evans of the FreeBSD project, but is now also sometimes used for
reviews just done in his spirit.


For children with short attention spans: boomerangs that don't come back.


Snakes.  Why did it have to be snakes?


True to our past we work with an inherited, observed, and accepted vision of
personal futility, and of the beauty of the world.
		-- David Mamet


The human race has been fascinated by sharks for as long as I can remember.
Just like the bluebird feeding its young, or the spider struggling to weave
its perfect web, or the buttercup blooming in spring, the shark reveals to
us yet another of the infinite and wonderful facets of nature, namely the
facet that it can bite your head off.  This causes us humans to feel a
certain degree of awe.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wonders of Sharks on TV"


Q:	What do you call a group of kids with low IQs, drinking diet cola,
	eating fruit, and singing?
A:	The Moron Tab and Apple Choir.


Blinding speed can compensate for a lot of deficiencies.
		-- David Nichols


The girl who remembers her first kiss now has a daughter who can't even
remember her first husband.


	... This striving for excellence extends into people's
personal lives as well.  When '80s people buy something, they buy the
best one, as determined by (1) price and (2) lack of availability.
Eighties people buy imported dental floss.  They buy gourmet baking
soda.  If an '80s couple goes to a restaurant where they have made a
reservation three weeks in advance, and they are informed that their
table is available, they stalk out immediately, because they know it is
not an excellent restaurant.  If it were, it would have an enormous
crowd of excellence-oriented people like themselves waiting, their
beepers going off like crickets in the night.  An excellent restaurant
wouldn't have a table ready immediately for anybody below the rank of
Liza Minnelli.
		-- Dave Barry, "In Search of Excellence"


And having stretched me out upon his bed with my head a little to one side,
he sat down next to me and raised my head upon his lap.  He peered avidly at
me, his eyes seemed ready to devour the secretion oozing from my nose.  "Oh,
the pretty little snotface," said he, beginning to pant, "How I'm going to
suck her."  Therewith bending down over me, and taking my nose in his mouth,
not only did he devour all the mucus between my nose and mouth, but he even
lewdly darted the tip of his tongue into each of my nostrils, one after the
other, and with such cleverness he provoked two or three sneezes which
redoubled the flow he desired and was consuming so hungrily.  But ask me for
no details bearing upon this fellow, Messieurs, nothing appeared, and whether
because he did nothing, or because he did it all in his drawers, there was
nothing to be seen, and amidst the multitude of his kisses and lecherous
lickings there was nothing outstanding which might have denoted an ecstasy,
and consequently it is my opinion that he did not discharge.  All my clothes
were in place, even his hands stayed still, and I give you my word that this
old libertine's fantasy might be performed upon the world's most respectable
and least initiated girl without her being able to suppose there was anything
lewd in it at all.
		-- Marquis de Sade


Cynic, n.:
	One who looks through rose-colored glasses with a jaundiced
	eye.


You just know when a relationship is about to end.  My girlfriend called me
at work and asked me how you change a lightbulb in the bathroom.  "It's very
simple," I said. "You start by filling up the bathtub with water..."


I believe in an America where the separation of church and state is absolute
-- where no Catholic prelate would tell the president (should he be Catholic)
how to act, and no Protestant minister would tell his parishioners for whom
to vote -- where no church or church school is granted any public funds or
political preference -- and where no man is denied public office merely
because his religion differs from the president who might appoint him or
the people who might elect him.
		-- John F. Kennedy


Where there is much light there is also much shadow.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


	A grade school teacher was asking students what their parents did
for a living.  "Tim, you be first," she said.  "What does your mother do
all day?"
	Tim stood up and proudly said, "She's a doctor."
	"That's wonderful.  How about you, Amie?"
	Amie shyly stood up, scuffed her feet and said, "My father is a
mailman."
	"Thank you, Amie," said the teacher.  "What about your father, Billy?"
	Billy proudly stood up and announced, "My daddy plays piano in a
whorehouse."
	The teacher was aghast and promptly changed the subject to geography.
Later that day she went to Billy's house and rang the bell.  Billy's father
answered the door.  The teacher explained what his son had said and demanded
an explanation.
	Billy's father replied, "Well, I'm really an attorney.  But how do
you explain a thing like that to a seven-year-old child?"


QOTD:
	"If you're looking for trouble, I can offer you a wide selection."


The Ruffed Pandanga of Borneo and Rotherham spreads out his feathers in
his courtship dance and imitates Winston Churchill and Tommy Cooper on
one leg.  The padanga is dying out because the female padanga doesn't
take it too seriously.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Between 1950 and 1952, a bored weatherman, stationed north of Hudson Bay,
left a monument that neither government nor time can eradicate.  Using a
bulldozer abandoned by the Air Force, he spent two years and great effort
pushing boulders into a single word.
	It can be seen from 10,000 feet, silhouetted against the snow.
Government officials exchanged memos full of circumlocutions (no Latin
equivalent exists) but failed to word an appropriation bill for the
destruction of this cairn, that wouldn't alert the press and embarrass both
Parliament and Party.
	It stands today, a monument to human spirit.  If life exists on other
planets, this may be the first message received from us.
		-- The Realist, November, 1964


He who is intoxicated with wine will be sober again in the course of the
night, but he who is intoxicated by the cupbearer will not recover his
senses until the day of judgment.
		-- Saadi


The algorithm to do that is extremely nasty.  You might want to mug
someone with it.
		-- M. Devine, Computer Science 340


All is fear in love and war.


I have the simplest tastes.  I am always satisfied with the best.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Quit worrying about your health.  It'll go away.
		-- Robert Orben


Excellent day for drinking heavily.
Spike the office water cooler.


For the fashion of Minas Tirith was such that it was built on seven levels,
each delved into a hill, and about each was set a wall, and in each wall
was a gate.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien, "The Return of the King"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to system overview.]



All husbands are alike, but they have different faces so you can tell
them apart.


Q:	What's the difference between a cocker spaniel and a doberman
	pinscher humping your leg?
A:	You let the doberman finish.


Try not.
Do.
Or do not.
There is no try.


The more laws and order are made prominent,
the more thieves and robbers there will be.
		-- Lao Tsu


		Answers to Last Fortune's Questions:

(1) None.  (Moses didn't have an ark).
(2) Your mother, by the pigeonhole principle.
(3) I don't know.
(4) Who cares?
(5) 6 (or maybe 4, or else 3).  Mr. Alfred J. Duncan of Podunk,
    Montana, submitted an interesting solution to Problem 5.
(6) There is an interesting solution to this problem on page 1029 of my
    book, which you can pick up for $23.95 at finer bookstores and
    bathroom supply outlets (or 99 cents at the table in front of
    Papyrus Books).


The problem with graduate students, in general, is that they have
to sleep every few days.


Have you heard of those trollops of Birmingham
And the scandal that's currently concerning'em?
	How they lift the frock
	And tickle the cock
Of the bishop while he was confirming 'em?


Real Users hate Real Programmers.


A rope lying over the top of a fence is the same length on each side.  It
weighs one third of a pound per foot.  On one end hangs a monkey holding a
banana, and on the other end a weight equal to the weight of the monkey.
The banana weighs two ounces per inch.  The rope is as long (in feet) as
the age of the monkey (in years), and the weight of the monkey (in ounces)
is the same as the age of the monkey's mother.  The combined age of the
monkey and its mother is thirty years.  One half of the weight of the monkey,
plus the weight of the banana, is one forth as much as the weight of the
weight and the weight of the rope.  The monkey's mother is half as old as
the monkey will be when it is three times as old as its mother was when she
was half as old as the monkey will be when it is as old as its mother
will be when she is four times as old as the monkey was when it was twice
as its mother was when she was one third as old as the monkey was when it
was old as is mother was when she was three times as old as the monkey was
when it was one fourth as old as it is now.  How long is the banana?


Everyone knows that dragons don't exist.  But while this simplistic
formulation may satisfy the layman, it does not suffice for the
scientific mind.  The School of Higher Neantical Nillity is in fact
wholly unconcerned with what _d_o_e_s exist.  Indeed, the banality of
existence has been so amply demonstrated, there is no need for us to
discuss it any further here.  The brilliant Cerebron, attacking the
problem analytically, discovered three distinct kinds of dragon: the
mythical, the chimerical, and the purely hypothetical.  They were all,
one might say, nonexistent, but each nonexisted in an entirely
different way ...
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


It was on the tip of my tongue to tell them about the deer, but I ended up
not doing it.  That was one thing I kept to myself.  I've never spoken or
written of it until just now, today.  And I have to tell you that it seems
a lesser thing written down, damn near inconsequential.  But for me it was
the best part of that trip, the cleanest part, and it was a moment I found
myself returning to, almost helplessly, when there was trouble in my life --
my first day in the bush in Vietnam, and this fellow walked into the clearing
where we were with his hand over his nose and when he took his hand away there
was no nose there because it had been shot off; the time the doctor told us
our youngest son might be hydrocephalic (he turned out just to have an
oversized head, thank God); the long crazy weeks before my mother died.  I
would find my thoughts turning back to that morning, the scuffed suede of
her ears, the white flash of her tail.  But eight hundred million Red Chinese
don't give a shit, right?  The most important things are the hardest to say,
because words diminish them.  It's hard to make strangers care about the
good things in your life.
		-- Stephen King, "The Body"


The government of the United States is not in any sense founded on the
Christian Religion
		-- George Washington


In any country there must be people who have to die.  They are the
sacrifices any nation has to make to achieve law and order.
		-- Idi Amin Dada


I'm not proud.


Swerve me?  The path to my fixed purpose is laid with iron rails,
whereon my soul is grooved to run.  Over unsounded gorges, through
the rifled hearts of mountains, under torrents' beds, unerringly
I rush!
		-- Captain Ahab, "Moby Dick"


A squeegee by any other name wouldn't sound as funny.


The real reason psychology is hard is that
psychologists are trying to do the impossible.


If you already know what recursion is, just remember the answer.
Otherwise, find someone who is standing closer to Douglas Hofstadter
than you are; then ask him or her what recursion is.
		-- Andrew Plotkin


Every man is apt to form his notions of things difficult to be apprehended,
or less familiar, from their analogy to things which are more familiar.
Thus, if a man bred to the seafaring life, and accustomed to think and talk
only of matters relating to navigation, enters into discourse upon any other
subject; it is well known, that the language and the notions proper to his
own profession are infused into every subject, and all things are measured
by the rules of navigation: and if he should take it into his head to
philosophize concerning the faculties of the mind, it cannot be doubted,
but he would draw his notions from the fabric of the ship, and would find
in the mind, sails, masts, rudder, and compass.
		-- Thomas Reid, "An Inquiry into the Human Mind", 1764


There is a 20% chance of tomorrow.


I'm returning this note to you, instead of your paper, because it
(your paper) presently occupies the bottom of my bird cage.
		-- English Professor, Providence College


Being asked solicitously about the state of her health was becoming bothersome
to the pregnant woman at the cocktail party.  And yet another guest went over
and inquired, "Well, how are you feeling these days?"
	"Not too well," said the expectant mother.  "You know, I've missed
seven or eight periods now and it's beginning to worry me."


You're just the sort of person I imagined marrying, when I was little...
except, y'know, not green... and without all the patches of fungus.
		-- Swamp Thing


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #17 -- DOGO

	Developed at the Massachusetts Institute of Obedience Training, DOGO
DOGO heralds a new era of computer-literate pets.  DOGO commands include
SIT, STAY, HEEL, and ROLL OVER.  An innovative feature of DOGO is "puppy
graphics", a small cocker spaniel that occasionally leaves a deposit as
it travels across the screen.


	The wise programmer is told about the Tao and follows it.  The average
programmer is told about the Tao and searches for it.  The foolish programmer
is told about the Tao and laughs at it.  If it were not for laughter, there
would be no Tao.
	The highest sounds are the hardest to hear.  Going forward is a way to
retreat.  Greater talent shows itself late in life.  Even a perfect program
still has bugs.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Let the worthy citizens of Chicago get their liquor the best way
they can. I'm sick of the job.  It's a thankless one and full of grief.
		-- Al Capone


What is research but a blind date with knowledge?
		-- Will Harvey


Eat as much as you like -- just don't swallow it.
		-- Harry Secombe's diet


The lion and the calf shall lie down
together but the calf won't get much sleep.
		-- Woody Allen


Love is a slippery eel that bites like hell.
		-- Matt Groening


I believe that Ronald Reagan will someday make this country what it
once was ... an arctic wilderness.
		-- Steve Martin


A sadist is a masochist who follows the Golden Rule.


Dear Emily, what about test messages?
		-- Concerned

Dear Concerned:
	It is important, when testing, to test the entire net.  Never test
merely a subnet distribution when the whole net can be done.  Also put "please
ignore" on your test messages, since we all know that everybody always skips
a message with a line like that.  Don't use a subject like "My sex is female
but I demand to be addressed as male." because such articles are read in depth
by all USEnauts.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette


We've sent a man to the moon, and that's 29,000 miles away.  The center
of the Earth is only 4,000 miles away.  You could drive that in a week,
but for some reason nobody's ever done it.
		-- Andy Rooney


Slous' Contention:
	If you do a job too well, you'll get stuck with it.


When I said "we", officer, I was referring to
myself, the four young ladies, and, of course, the goat.


Motto of the Electrical Engineer:
	Working computer hardware is a lot like an erect penis: it
	stays up as long as you don't fuck with it.


The star of riches is shining upon you.


When a man knows he is to be hanged in a fortnight,
it concentrates his mind wonderfully.
		-- Samuel Johnson


I gave my love an Apple, that had no core;
I gave my love a building, that had no floor;
I wrote my love a program, that had no end;
I gave my love an upgrade, with no cryin'.

How can there be an Apple, that has no core?
How can there be a building, that has no floor?
How can there be a program, that has no end?
How can there be an upgrade, with no cryin'?

An Apple's MOS memory don't use no core!
A building that's perfect, it has no flaw!
A program with GOTOs, it has no end!
I lied about the upgrade, with no cryin'!


I am not now, nor have I ever been, a member of the demigodic party.
		-- Dennis M. Ritchie


To write a sonnet you must ruthlessly
strip down your words to naked, willing flesh.
Then bind them to a metaphor or three,
and take by force a satisfying mesh.
Arrange them to your will, each foot in place.
You are the master here, and they the slaves.
Now whip them to maintain a constant pace
and rhythm as they stand in even staves.
A word that strikes no pleasure?  Cast it out!
What use are words that drive not to the heart?
A lazy phrase? Discard it, shrug off doubt,
and choose more docile words to take its part.
A well-trained sonnet lives to entertain,
by making love directly to the brain.


Lisp hackers have to be bound (to-do 'it) ...


Diaphragm, n.:
	A childproof cap.


Fortune suggests uses for YOUR favorite UNIX commands!

Try:
	ar t "God"
	drink < bottle; opener			(Bourne Shell)
	cat "food in tin cans"			(all but 4.[23]BSD)
	Hey UNIX!  Got a match?			(V6 or C shell)
	mkdir matter; cat > matter		(Bourne Shell)
	rm God
	man: Why did you get a divorce?		(C shell)
	date me					(anything up to 4.3BSD)
	make "heads or tails of all this"
	who is smart
						(C shell)
	If I had a ) for every dollar of the national debt, what would I have?
	sleep with me				(anything up to 4.3BSD)


Time flies like an arrow, but fruit flies like a banana.


QOTD:
	"Silence is the only virtue he has left."


Alex Haley was adopted!


Does a one-legged duck swim in a circle?


We love our little Johnny
He's the best little boy in all the world
And we wouldn't trade him for anything
That's how much we love him.
No, we couldn't live without him
So that's why, since he died,
We keep him safe in our G.E. freezer.
He's so good, so well-behaved,
Even better than before;
Oh, such a wonderful kid he is.
Alice and me, we'll never be lonely,
Never miss our little Johnny,
He'll never grow up and leave us
That's why we love him like we do.
		-- Mr. Mincemeat


Banacek's Eighteenth Polish Proverb:
	The hippo has no sting, but the wise
	man would rather be sat upon by the bee.


Go to a movie tonight.
Darkness becomes you.


One way to make your old car run better is to look up the price of a
new model.


People who take cat naps don't usually sleep in a cat's cradle.


