I used to be Snow White, but I drifted.
		-- Mae West


"The molars, I'm sure, will be all right, the molars can take care of
themselves," the old man said, no longer to me.  "But what will become
of the bicuspids?"
		-- The Old Man and his Bridge


YO-YO:
	Something that is occasionally up but normally down.
	(see also Computer).


Mike:	"The Fourth Dimension is a shambles?"
Bernie:	"Nobody ever empties the ashtrays.  People are SO
	inconsiderate."
		-- Gary Trudeau, "Doonesbury"


An editor is one who separates the wheat from the chaff and prints the chaff.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


Look out!  Behind you!


Force it!!!
If it breaks, well, it wasn't working anyway...
No, don't force it, get a bigger hammer.


One day on a busy street corner a huge, burly looking man walked up to a police
officer and asks, "Thcuse me offither, can you tell me where thidee-thid, and
thacramento ith?"
	The police officer didn't reply at all, but just looked away.
	The large man then asked again, but still no reply.  After a few more
attempts which the police officer studiously ignored, the frustrated man
walked away.  An onlooking pedestrian then walked up to the officer and asked,
"Officer, why didn't you tell that man where thirty-third and Sacramento was?"  The police officer replied,
	"Thure, thure, and dit the thit ticked out of me!"


The most serious doubt that has been thrown on the authenticity of the
biblical miracles is the fact that most of the witnesses in regard to
them were fishermen.
		-- Arthur Binstead


	In the beginning, God created the Earth and he said, "Let there be
mud."
	And there was mud.
	And God said, "Let Us make living creatures out of mud, so the mud
can see what we have done."
	And God created every living creature that now moveth, and one was
man.  Mud-as-man alone could speak.
	"What is the purpose of all this?" man asked politely.
	"Everything must have a purpose?" asked God.
	"Certainly," said man.
	"Then I leave it to you to think of one for all of this," said God.
	And He went away.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., "Between Time and Timbuktu"


The first version always gets thrown away.


You can always tell luck from ability by its duration.


A man can sleep around, no questions asked, but if a woman makes nineteen
or twenty mistakes she's a tramp.
		-- Joan Rivers


I've always made it a solemn practice to never
drink anything stronger than tequila before breakfast.
		-- R. Nesson


Fortune Personals:
	SWBiM, 29.  Gr/Fr/Mild English.  Have
	own moose, hoop.  Sincere inquiries
	only.  Discreet.  Fortune P.O. Box 1910.


Lots of girls can be had for a song.
Unfortunately, it often turns out to be the wedding march.


It's not against any religion to want to dispose of a pigeon.
		-- Tom Lehrer


Given its constituency, the only thing I expect to be "open" about [the
Open Software Foundation] is its mouth.
		-- John Gilmore


Workers of the world, arise!  You have nothing to lose but your
chairs.


People say I live in my own little fantasy world... well, at least they
*know* me there!
		-- D. L. Roth


My father was a creole, his father a Negro, and his father a monkey; my
family, it seems, begins where yours left off.
		-- Alexandre Dumas, pere


APPOINTMENT BOOK:
	The reference of last resort when trying to duck undesired
	invitations ("Gee, the soonest I can pencil you in is
	December, 2039"), or when trying to figure out what the hell
	it was you did during the past year.


Naturally the common people don't want war... but after all it is the leaders
of a country who determine the policy, and it is always a simple matter to
drag the people along, whether it is a democracy, or a fascist dictatorship,
or a parliament, or a communist dictatorship.  Voice or no voice, the people
can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders.  That is easy.  All you
have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists
for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger.  It works the same
in every country.
		-- Hermann Goering


In California they don't throw their garbage away -- they make
it into television shows.
		-- Woody Allen, "Annie Hall"


If God had meant for Texans to ski he would have made bullshit white.


Dinner suggestion #302 (Hacker's De-lite):
	1 tin imported Brisling sardines in tomato sauce
	1 pouch Chocolate Malt Carnation Instant Breakfast
	1 carton milk


Then there was the girl who was engaged
to a gymnast -- 'til he broke it off.


We warn the reader in advance that the proof presented here
depends on a clever but highly unmotivated trick.
		-- Howard Anton, "Elementary Linear Algebra"


Watch out for a cold wave this week.  (Or maybe a warm WAC.)


Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
		-- Lily Tomlin


The first riddle I ever heard, one familiar to almost every Jewish
child, was propounded to me by my father:
	"What is it that hangs on the wall, is green, wet -- and
whistles?"
	I knit my brow and thought and thought, and in final perplexity
gave up.
	"A herring," said my father.
	"A herring," I echoed.  "A herring doesn't hang on the wall!"
	"So hang it there."
	"But a herring isn't green!"  I protested.
	"Paint it."
	"But a herring isn't wet."
	"If it's just painted it's still wet."
	"But -- " I sputtered, summoning all my outrage, "-- a herring
doesn't whistle!!"
	"Right, " smiled my father.  "I just put that in to make it
hard."
		-- Leo Rosten, "The Joys of Yiddish"


GNU Make will no longer go into an infinite loop when fed the horrid
trash that passes for makefiles that `imake' produces (so you can
compile X, despite the extreme stubbornness and irrationality of its
maintainers).
		-- GNU Make 3.55 release notes


Cordelia: Does looking at guns make you want to have sex?
Xander:	  I'm seventeen.  Looking at _L_I_N_O_L_E_U_M makes me want to have sex.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Innocence"
		   Season 2, Episode 14


The adjuration to be "normal" seems shockingly repellent to me; I see neither
hope nor comfort in sinking to that low level.  I think it is ignorance that
makes people think of abnormality only with horror and allows them to remain
undismayed at the proximity of "normal" to average and mediocre.  For surely
anyone who achieves anything is, essentially, abnormal.
		-- Dr. Karl Menninger, "The Human Mind", 1930


FORTUNE TESTS THE GREAT MANAGERS: #3

You have prepared a proposal for your supervisor.  The success of this
proposal will mean increasing your salary 20%.  In the middle of your
proposal your supervisor leans over to look at your report and spits into
your coffee.  You:

	(a)  Tell him you take your coffee black.
	(b)  Ask him if he has any communicable diseases.
	(c)  Show him who's in command; promptly take a piss in his
		"In" basket.
	(d)  Take a sip and comment how much better it tastes.


Don't steal... the IRS hates competition!


Do nothing unless you must, and when you must act -- hesitate.


Pregnancy -- the worst sexually transmitted disease of them all.


Marriage has driven more than one man to sex.
		-- Peter De Vries


Large cats can be dangerous, but a little pussy never hurt anyone.


Come on, Virginia, don't make me wait!
Catholic girls start much too late,
Ah, but sooner or later, it comes down to fate,
I might as well be the one.
Well, they showed you a statue, told you to pray,
Built you a temple and locked you away,
Ah, but they never told you the price that you paid,
The things that you might have done.
So come on, Virginia, show me a sign,
Send up a signal, I'll throw you a line,
That stained glass curtain that you're hiding behind,
Never lets in the sun.
Darling, only the good die young!
		-- Billy Joel, "Only The Good Die Young"


I recognize terror as the finest emotion and so I will try to terrorize the
reader.  But if I find that I cannot terrify, I will try to horrify, and if
I find that I cannot horrify, I'll go for the gross-out.
		-- Stephen King


If you fail to plan, plan to fail.


It is the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree.


It's not hard to admit errors that are [only] cosmetically wrong.
		-- J. K. Galbraith


You should, without hesitation, pound your typewriter into a
plowshare, your paper into fertilizer, and enter agriculture.
		-- Business Professor, University of Georgia


Humans are communications junkies.  We just can't get enough.
		-- Alan Kay


2180, U.S. History question:
	What 20th Century U.S. President was almost impeached and what
office did he later hold?


As long as the answer is right, who cares if the question is wrong?


One has to look out for engineers -- they begin with sewing machines
and end up with the atomic bomb.
		-- Marcel Pagnol


After repeatedly warding off her date's amorous advances during the evening,
the pretty young thing decided to put her foot down: "See here," she shouted
indignantly.  "This is positively the last time I'm going to tell you `no'."
	"Splendid!" exclaimed her date.  "Now we can start making some
progress."


I saw Lassie.  It took me four shows to figure out why the hairy kid
never spoke. I mean, he could roll over and all that, but did that
deserve a series?"


I accept chaos.  I am not sure whether it accepts me.  I know some people
are terrified of the bomb.  But then some people are terrified to be seen
carrying a modern screen magazine.  Experience teaches us that silence
terrifies people the most.
		-- Bob Dylan


Q:	How can you tell the bride at a WASP wedding?
A:	She's the one kissing the golden retriever.


	"I'll tell you what I know, then," he decided.  "The pin I'm wearing
means I'm a member of the IA.  That's Inamorati Anonymous.  An inamorato is
somebody in love.  That's the worst addiction of all."
	"Somebody is about to fall in love," Oedipa said, "you go sit with
them, or something?"
	"Right.  The whole idea is to get where you don't need it.  I was
lucky.  I kicked it young.  But there are sixty-year-old men, believe it or
not, and women even older, who might wake up in the night screaming."
	"You hold meetings, then, like the AA?"
	"No, of course not.  You get a phone number, an answering service
you can call.  Nobody knows anybody else's name; just the number in case
it gets so bad you can't handle it alone.  We're isolates, Arnold.  Meetings
would destroy the whole point of it."
		-- Thomas Pynchon, "The Crying of Lot 49"


Just close your eyes, tap your heels together three times,
and think to yourself, "There's no place like home."
		-- Billie Burke as Glinda, "The Wizard of Oz"


We thrive on euphemism.  We call multi-megaton bombs "Peace-keepers", closet
size apartments "efficient" and incomprehensible artworks "innovative".  In
fact, "euphemism" has become a euphemism for "bald-faced lie".  And now, here
are the euphemisms so colorfully employed in Personal Ads:

EUPHEMISM			REALITY
-------------------		-------------------------
Independent thinker		Crazy
High spirited			Crazy and hyperactive
Free spirited			Crazy and irresponsible
Outrageous			Crazy and obnoxious
Exotic				Crazy with a pierced nose/nipple
Cuddly				Overweight
Huggable/Zaftig/Rubenesque	Fat (there's a lot to love)
Big and beautiful		Really Fat
Fat 'n' sassy			Really Fat and loud
Svelte/Slender			Anorexic
Dynamic				Pushy
Assertive			Pushy with a mean streak
Feisty/Ambitious		Would kill own mother for next corporate rung
Demanding			Will make your life a living hell
Looking for Mr./Ms. Right	Looking for Mr./Ms. Rich


IBM Advanced Systems Group -- a bunch of mindless jerks,
who'll be first against the wall when the revolution comes...
		-- with regrets to Douglas Adams


I need another lawyer like I need another hole in my head.
		-- Fratianno


The trouble with being punctual is that people
think you have nothing more important to do.


Sometimes, at the end of the day, when I'm
smiling and shaking their hands, I want to kick them.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


The eyes of Texas are upon you,
All the livelong day;
The eyes of Texas are upon you,
You cannot get away;
Do not think you can escape them
From night 'til early in the morn;
The eyes of Texas are upon you
'Til Gabriel blows his horn.
		-- University of Texas' school song


Genius is ten percent inspiration and fifty percent capital gains.


Well, I don't know where they come from but they sure do come,
I hope they comin' for me!
And I don't know how they do it but they sure do it good,
I hope they doin' it for free!
They give me cat scratch fever... cat scratch fever!
First time that I got it I was just ten years old,
Got it from the kitty next door...
I went to see the doctor and he gave me the cure,
I think I got it some more!
Got a bad scratch fever...
		-- Ted Nugent, "Cat Scratch Fever"


GEMINI (May 21 - June 20)
	A day to take the initiative.  Put the garbage out, for
	instance, and pick up the stuff at the dry cleaners.  Watch
	the mail carefully, although there won't be anything good
	in it today, either.


Any girl can be glamorous; all you have to do is stand still and look
stupid.
		-- Hedy Lamarr


Everything will be just tickety-boo today.


Like you, I am frequently haunted by profound questions related to man's
place in the Scheme of Things.  Here are just a few:

	Q -- Is there life after death?
	A -- Definitely.  I speak from personal experience here.  On New
Year's Eve, 1970, I drank a full pitcher of a drink called "Black Russian",
then crawled out on the lawn and died within a matter of minutes, which was
fine with me because I had come to realize that if I had lived I would have
spent the rest of my life in the grip of the most excruciatingly painful
headache.  Thanks to the miracle of modern orange juice, I was brought back
to life several days later, but in the interim I was definitely dead.  I
guess my main impression of the afterlife is that it isn't so bad as long
as you keep the television turned down and don't try to eat any solid foods.
		-- Dave Barry


Your business will go through a period of considerable expansion.


Say my love is easy had,
Say I'm bitten raw with pride,
Say I am too often sad --
Still behold me at your side.

Say I'm neither brave nor young,
Say I woo and coddle care,
Say the devil touched my tongue,
Still you have my heart to wear.

But say my verses do not scan,
And I get me another man!
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Fighting Words"


Glogg (a traditional Scandinavian holiday drink):
	fifth of dry red wine
	fifth of Aquavit
	1 and 1/2 inch piece of cinnamon
	10 cardamom seeds
	1 cup raisins
	4 dried figs
	1 cup blanched or flaked almonds
	a few pieces of dried orange peel
	5 cloves
	1/2 lb. sugar cubes
	Heat up the wine and hard stuff (which may be substituted with wine
for the faint of heart) in a big pot after adding all the other stuff EXCEPT
the sugar cubes.  Just when it reaches boiling, put the sugar in a wire
strainer, moisten it in the hot brew, lift it out and ignite it with a match.
Dip the sugar several times in the liquid until it is all dissolved.  Serve
hot in cups with a few raisins and almonds in each cup.
	N.B. Aquavit may be hard to find and expensive to boot.  Use it only
if you really have a deep-seated desire to be fussy, or if you are of Swedish
extraction.


The bank sent our statement this morning,
The red ink was a sight of great awe!
Their figures and mine might have balanced,
But my wife was too quick on the draw.


You will meet an important person who will help you advance professionally.


The majority of husbands remind me of an orangutan trying to play
the violin.
		-- Honore de Balzac


If you learn one useless thing every day, in a single year you'll learn
365 useless things.


More people are flattered into virtue than bullied out of vice.
		-- R. S. Surtees


A conservative is a man who believes that nothing should be done for
the first time.
		-- Alfred E. Wiggam


You are confused; but this is your normal state.


A mouse is a device used to point at the xterm you want to type in.


Sex is the mathematics urge sublimated.
		-- M. C. Reed


American business long ago gave up on demanding that prospective
employees be honest and hardworking.  It has even stopped hoping for
employees who are educated enough that they can tell the difference
between the men's room and the women's room without having little
pictures on the doors.
		-- Dave Barry, "Urine Trouble, Mister"


Woman's advice has little value, but he who won't take it is a fool.
		-- Cervantes


Don't say "yes" until I finish talking.
		-- Darryl F. Zanuck


VIRGINIA:
	A group of beautifully mounted hunters galloping behind
	baying hounds in pursuit of a union organizer.


The time for action is past!
Now is the time for senseless bickering.


MARRIAGE:
	An old, established institution, entered into by two people deeply
	in love and desiring to make a commitment to each other expressing
	that love.  In short, commitment to an institution.


Who goeth a-borrowing goeth a-sorrowing.
		-- Thomas Tusser


Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result.
		-- Winston Churchill

Next to being shot at and missed, nothing is really quite as
satisfying as an income tax refund.
		-- F. J. Raymond


The voluptuous blond was chatting with her handsome escort in a posh
restaurant when their waiter, stumbling as he brought their drinks,
dumped a martini on the rocks down the back of the blonde's dress.  She
sprang to her feet with a wild rebel yell, dashed wildly around the table,
then galloped wriggling from the room followed by her distraught boyfriend.
A man seated on the other side of the room with a date of his own beckoned
to the waiter and said, "We'll have two of whatever she was drinking."


Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing.


Inglish Spocken Hier: some mangled translations

	Sign on a cabin door of a Soviet Black Sea cruise liner:
		Helpsavering apparata in emergings behold many whistles!
		Associate the stringing apparata about the bosums and meet
		behind, flee then to the indifferent lifesaveringshippen
		obedicing the instructs of the vessel.

	On the door in a Belgrade hotel:
		Let us know about any unficiency as well as leaking on
		the service. Our utmost will improve it.

		-- Colin Bowles


Pyro's of the world... IGNITE !!!


* UNIX is a Trademark of Bell Laboratories.


To generalize is to be an idiot.
		-- William Blake


On Thanksgiving Day all over America, families sit down to dinner at the
same moment -- halftime.


Who's scruffy-looking?
		-- Han Solo


This novel is not to be tossed lightly aside, but to be hurled with
great force.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Insomnia isn't anything to lose sleep over.


Bringing your mate to a convention is like taking a game warden hunting.


Dear Ann Landers:
	I have a problem.  I have two brothers; one works for the Illinois
Bell Telephone Company, the other brother was just sentenced to death
in the electric chair for murder.  My mother died from insanity when
I was three years old.  My two sisters are prostitutes and my father
sells narcotics.
	I recently met girl who was just released from a reformatory where
she served time for smothering her illegitimate child to death.  I love
this girl and want to marry her.  My problem is this -- dare I tell her
about my brother who works for Illinois Bell?
		-- Confused


Power corrupts.  And atomic power corrupts atomically.


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #3
	A New York City judge ruled that if two women behind you at the
movies insist on discussing the probable outcome of the film, you have the
right to turn around and blow a Bronx cheer at them.


Inglish Spocken Hier: some mangled translations

	Sign on a cabin door of a Soviet Black Sea cruise liner:
		Helpsavering apparata in emergings behold many whistles!
		Associate the stringing apparata about the bosums and meet
		behind, flee then to the indifferent lifesaveringshippen
		obedicing the instructs of the vessel.

	On the door in a Belgrade hotel:
		Let us know about any unficiency as well as leaking on
		the service. Our utmost will improve it.

		-- Colin Bowles


Hear about...
	the new vitamin made from chicken blood,
	it makes men cocky and women lay better?


Nitwit ideas are for emergencies.  You use them when you've got nothing
else to try.  If they work, they go in the Book.  Otherwise you follow
the Book, which is largely a collection of nitwit ideas that worked.
		-- Larry Niven, "The Mote in God's Eye"


Death is nature's way of telling you to slow down.


Drive defensively, buy a tank.


Lisp hackers
	... do it in CARS.
	... do it with tail recursion.
	... first do it in the front, then do it in the back.
	... have DEFUN while doing it.
	... have Moby dicks.


If you think technology can solve your security problems, then you
don't understand the problems and you don't understand the technology.
		-- Bruce Schneier


	Listen, Tyrone, you don't know how dangerous that stuff is.
Suppose someday you just plug in and go away and never come back?  Eh?
	Ho, ho!  Don't I wish!  What do you think every electrofreak
dreams about?  You're such an old fuddyduddy!  A-and who sez it's a
dream, huh?  M-maybe it exists.  Maybe there is a Machine to take us
away, take us completely, suck us out through the electrodes out of
the skull 'n' into the Machine and live there forever with all the
other souls it's got stored there.  It could decide who it would suck
out, a-and when.  Dope never gave you immortality.  You hadda come
back, every time, into a dying hunk of smelly meat!  But We can live
forever, in a clean, honest, purified, Electroworld.
		-- Thomas Pynchon, "Gravity's Rainbow"


Q:	How many WASPs does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	One.


If you can't get your work done in the first 24 hours, work nights.


	"So you don't have to, Cindy, but I was wondering if you might
want to go to someplace, you know, with me, sometime."
	"Well, I can think of a lot of worse things, David."
	"Friday, then?"
	"Why not, David, it might even be fun."
		-- Dating in Minnesota


The only way to amuse some people
is to slip and fall on an icy pavement.


What causes the mysterious death of everyone?


Riffle West Virginia is so small that the
Boy Scout had to double as the town drunk.


Idleness is the holiday of fools.


sillema sillema nika su
[translation: look it up...hint-fin]


Is it just me, or does anyone else read "bible humpers" every time
someone writes "bible thumpers?"
		-- Joel M. Snyder, jms@mis.arizona.edu


Theorem: All positive integers are equal.
Proof: Sufficient to show that for any two positive integers, A and B, A = B.
	Further, it is sufficient to show that for all N > 0, if A and B
	(positive integers) satisfy (MAX(A, B) = N) then A = B.

Proceed by induction:
	If N = 1, then A and B, being positive integers, must both be 1.
	So A = B.

Assume that the theorem is true for some value k.  Take A and B with
	MAX(A, B) = k+1.  Then MAX((A-1), (B-1)) = k.  And hence
	(A-1) = (B-1).  Consequently, A = B.


Secrecy is the beginning of tyranny.


Next, upon a stool, we've a sight to make you drool.
Seven virgins and a mule, keep it cool, keep it cool.
		-- ELP, "Karn Evil 9" (1st Impression, Part 2)


	Three women and Feldstein were brought before the presiding judge.
The women had been arrested for soliciting and he'd been was arrested for
selling ties without a license.  "What do you do for a living?" the judge
asked, pointing at the first girl.
	"Your honor, I'm a model," she replied.
	"Thirty days," was the sentence.  The judge turned to the second
girl.  "What do you do for a living?" he asked.
	"Your honor, I'm an actress."
	"Thirty days."  Then he turned to the third girl.  "And how about
you?" he demanded.
	"Well, your honor, I'm a prostitute.  I'm not proud of it, but it's
the only way I can support my mother and my children since my husband's been
laid off."
	"For telling the truth," he said, "I'm going to suspend sentence.
Furthermore, here's $100 to help your family out."  Now he turns to Feldstein,
arrested for selling ties illegally.  "And you," he said, "what do you do
for a living?"
	"Your honor, I'm a prostitute.  I'm not proud..."


Cleveland?
Yes, I spent a week there one day.


Cheit's Lament:
	If you help a friend in need, he is sure to remember you--
	the next time he's in need.


SOFTWARE:
	Formal evening attire for female computer analysts.


Answer a fool according to his folly, lest he be wise in his own conceit.
		-- Proverbs 26:5


The best thing about being bald is, that, when unexpected
company arrives, all you have to do is straighten your tie.


God shows his contempt for wealth by the kind of person he selects
to receive it.
		-- Austin O'Malley


Sleep -- the most beautiful experience in life -- except drink.
		-- W. C. Fields


QOTD:
	"I've got one last thing to say before I go; give me back
	all of my stuff."


Art is a jealous mistress.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


U.S. of A.:
	"Don't speak to the bus driver."
Germany:
	"It is strictly forbidden for passengers to speak to the driver."
England:
	"You are requested to refrain from speaking to the driver."
Scotland:
	"What have you got to gain by speaking to the driver?"
Italy:
	"Don't answer the driver."


Mohandas K. Gandhi often changed his mind publicly.  An aide once asked him
how he could so freely contradict this week what he had said just last week.
The great man replied that it was because this week he knew better.


Do not stoop to tie your laces in your neighbor's melon patch.


Price's Advice:
	It's all a game -- play it to have fun.


Most women look for a man who is tall, dark and hung some.


Baltimore, n.:
	Where the women wear turtleneck sweaters to hide their flea
	collars.


Auribus teneo lupum.
[I hold a wolf by the ears.]


It has been justly observed by sages of all lands that although a man may be
most happily married and continue in that state with the utmost contentment,
it does not necessarily follow that he has therefore been struck stone-blind.
		-- H. Warner Munn


Marriage has driven more than one man to sex.
		-- Peter De Vries


No evil can happen to a good man.
		-- Plato


Our [softball] team usually puts the other woman at second base, where
the maximum possible number of males can get there on short notice to
help out in case of emergency.  As far as I can tell, our second
basewoman is a pretty good baseball player, better than I am, anyway,
but there's no way to know for sure because if the ball gets anywhere
near her, a male comes barging over from, say, right field, to deal
with it.  She's been on the team for three seasons now, but the males
still don't trust her.  They know, deep in their souls, that if she had
to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she
probably would elect to save the infant's life, without ever
considering whether there were men on base.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sports is a Drag"


What is algebra, exactly?  Is it one of those three-cornered things?
		-- J. M. Barrie


If two men agree on everything, you may be sure that one of them is
doing the thinking.
		-- Lyndon B. Johnson

Jerry Ford is a nice guy, but he played too much football with his
helmet off.
		-- Lyndon B. Johnson

I do not believe that this generation of Americans is willing to resign
itself to going to bed each night by the light of a Communist moon.
		-- Lyndon B. Johnson


Historians have now definitely established that Juan Cabrillo, discoverer
of California, was not looking for Kansas, thus setting a precedent that
continues to this day.
		-- Wayne Shannon


This ae nighte, this ae nighte,
Everye nighte and alle,
Fire and sleet and candlelyte,
And Christe receive thy saule.
		-- The Lykewake Dirge


To believe your own thought, to believe that what is true for
you in your private heart is true for all men -- that is genius.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


No, I'm not interested in developing a powerful brain.  All I'm after is
just a mediocre brain, something like the president of American Telephone
and Telegraph Company.
		-- Alan Turing on the possibilities of a thinking
		   machine, 1943.


Leveraging always beats prototyping.


At the heart of science is an essential tension between two seemingly
contradictory attitudes -- an openness to new ideas, no matter how bizarre
or counterintuitive they may be, and the most ruthless skeptical scrutiny
of all ideas, old and new.  This is how deep truths are winnowed from deep
nonsense.  Of course, scientists make mistakes in trying to understand the
world, but there is a built-in error-correcting mechanism:  The collective
enterprise of creative thinking and skeptical thinking together keeps the
field on track.
		-- Carl Sagan, "The Fine Art of Baloney Detection"


Bondage maybe, discipline never!
		-- T. K.


A man arrived home early to find his wife in the arms of his best friend,
who swore how much they were in love.  To quiet the enraged husband, the
lover suggested, "Friends shouldn't fight, let's play gin rummy.  If I win,
you get a divorce so I can marry her.  If you win, I promise never to see
her again.  Okay?"
	"Alright," agreed the husband.  "But how about a quarter a point
on the side to make it interesting?"


Time is nature's way of making sure that
everything doesn't happen at once.

Space is nature's way of making sure that
everything doesn't happen to you.


You can get much further with a kind word and a
gun than you can with a kind word alone.
		-- Al Capone
		   [Also attributed to Johnny Carson.  Ed.]


To err is human -- to blame it on a computer is even more so.


Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.


What makes you think graduate school
is supposed to be satisfying?
		-- Erica Jong, "Fear of Flying"


The optimist thinks that this is the best of all possible worlds,
and the pessimist knows it.
		-- J. Robert Oppenheimer, "Bulletin of Atomic Scientists"

Yet creeds mean very little, Coth answered the dark god, still speaking
almost gently.  The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all
possible worlds; and the pessimist fears this is true.
		-- James Cabell, "The Silver Stallion"


Wouldn't this be a great world if being insecure and desperate were
a turn-on?
		-- "Broadcast News"


Such efforts are almost always slow, laborious, political,
petty, boring, ponderous, thankless, and of the utmost criticality.
		-- Leonard Kleinrock, on standards efforts


