If it heals good, say it.


It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle if it is
lightly greased.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"


The optimum committee has no members.
		-- Norman Augustine


Quantity is no substitute for quality,
but its the only one we've got.


A well-used door needs no oil on its hinges.
A swift-flowing stream does not grow stagnant.
Neither sound nor thoughts can travel through a vacuum.
Software rots if not used.

These are great mysteries.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


A Scotsman clad in kilts left a bar one evening fair.
One could tell by how he walked, he'd drunk more than his share.
He staggered on until he could no longer keep his feet.
So he stumbled off into the grass to sleep beside the street.

Later on two young and lovely girls just happened by.
One says to the other, with a twinkle in her eye.
"See yon sleeping Scotsman so young and handsome built?"
"I wonder if it's true what they don't wear beneath their kilts?"

They stepped up to the Scotsman, so young and fancy free.
They lifted up his kilt above the waist so they could see.
And there behold for them the view beneath his Scottish skirt,
Was nothing more than God had graced him with upon his birth.

They marveled for a moment, then one said, "Best be gone."
"Let's leave a present for our friend before we move along."
As a gift they left a blue ribbon tied into a bow,
Around the bonny star of the Scot's kilt lifting show.

The Scot awoke to nature's call and stumbled to the trees.
Behind a bush he lifts his kilt and gawks at what he sees.
Then in a startled voice he says to what's before his eyes,
"Och, lad I dinna know whar' ya been, but I see ya won first prize."
		-- Mike Cross, "The Scotsman"


An honest politician is one who when he is bought will stay bought.
		-- Simon Cameron

There are honest journalists like there are honest politicians.  When
bought they stay bought.
		-- Bill Moyers


We have not inherited the earth from our parents, we've borrowed it from
our children.


Join the Navy; sail to far-off exotic lands,
meet exciting interesting people, and kill them.


The most important thing in a relationship between a man and a woman
is that one of them be good at taking orders.
		-- Linda Festa


Why won't you let me kiss you goodnight?  Is it something I said?
		-- Tom Ryan


Generic Fortune.


From the outset, the blind date was a fiasco and it was intensified by the
fact that the fellow was too insensitive and ego-ridden to realize it.  The
moment of truth came in the supper club as he clutched the girl's thigh and
whispered,
	"Baby, how's about our cutting out to my pad so I can slip you nine
inches?"
There was a moment of silence, and then the girl said,
	"You know, I really don't think you could get it up three times
in a row!"


If you suspect a man, don't employ him.


The Commandments of the EE:

5:	Take care that thou useth the proper method when thou takest the
	measures of high-voltage circuits too, that thou dost not incinerate
	both thee and thy test meter, for verily, though thou has no company
	property number and can be easily surveyed, the test meter has
	one and, as a consequence, bringeth much woe unto a purchasing agent.
6:	Take care that thou tamperest not with interlocks and safety devices,
	for this incurreth the wrath of the chief electrician and bring
	the fury of the engineers on his head.
7:	Work thou not on energized equipment for if thou doest so, thy
	friends will surely be buying beers for thy widow and consoling
	her in certain ways not generally acceptable to thee.
8:	Verily, verily I say unto thee, never service equipment alone,
	for electrical cooking is a slow process and thou might sizzle in
	thy own fat upon a hot circuit for hours on end before thy maker
	sees fit to end thy misery and drag thee into his fold.


I'm going to Boston to see my doctor.  He's a very sick man.
		-- Fred Allen


Whenever the literary German dives into a sentence, that is the last
you are going to see of him until he emerges on the other side of his
Atlantic with his verb in his mouth.
		-- Mark Twain
		   "Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court"


Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side?  And hain't that
a big enough majority in any town?
		-- Mark Twain, "Huckleberry Finn"


Q:	Why did the epileptic cross the road?
A:	He couldn't help it.

Q:	What do you do if an epileptic has a seizure in the bathtub?
A:	Throw in the dirty clothes and some laundry detergent.


Q:	How did the regular expression cross the road?
A:	^.*$


How to Raise Your I.Q. by Eating Gifted Children
		-- Book title by Lewis B. Frumkes


Farmers in the Iowa State survey rated machinery breakdowns more
stressful than divorce.
		-- Wall Street Journal


>>> Internal error in fortune program:
>>>	fnum=2987  n=45  flag=1  goose_level=-232323
>>> Please write down these values and notify fortune program administrator.


How come financial advisors never seem to be as wealthy as they
claim they'll make you?


Women are always anxious to urge bachelors to matrimony; is it
from charity, or revenge?
		-- Gustave Vapereau


It is much easier to suggest solutions
when you know nothing about the problem.


WHEN YOU'RE RIDING IN A TIME MACHINE way far into the future, don't stick
your elbow out the window or it'll turn into a fossil.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain.
		-- Frank Morgan as The Wizard, "The Wizard of Oz"


We seem to have forgotten the simple truth that reason is never perfect.
Only non-sense attains perfection.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


They are relatively good but absolutely terrible.
		-- Alan Kay, commenting on Apollos


As I bit into the nectarine, it had a crisp juiciness about it that was very
pleasurable - until I realized it wasn't a nectarine at all, but A HUMAN HEAD!!
		-- Jack Handey


Everything bows to success, even grammar.


No guts, no glory.


In every country and every age, the priest has been hostile to Liberty.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Life is just a bowl of cherries, but why do I always get the pits?


So... if you could choose any nose in the whole wide world,
which one would you pick?


I live the way I type; fast, with a lot of mistakes.


Even if you do learn to speak correct
English, whom are you going to speak it to?
		-- Clarence Darrow


'Twas midnight on the ocean,		Her children all were orphans,
Not a streetcar was in sight,		Except one a tiny tot,
So I stepped into a cigar store		Who had a home across the way
To ask them for a light.		Above a vacant lot.

The man	behind the counter		As I gazed through the oaken door
Was a woman, old and gray,		A whale went drifting by,
Who used to peddle doughnuts		Its six legs hanging in the air,
On the road to Mandalay.		So I kissed her goodbye.

She said "Good morning, stranger",	This story has a morale
Her eyes were dry with tears,		As you can plainly see,
As she put her head between her feet	Don't mix your gin with whiskey
And stood that way for years.		On the deep and dark blue sea.
		-- Midnight On The Ocean


	After the Children of Israel had wandered for thirty-nine years in
	the wilderness, Ferdinand Feghoot arrived to make sure that they
would finally find and enter the Promised Land.  With him, he brought his
favorite robot, faithful old Yewtoo Artoo, to carry his gear and do assorted
camp chores.
	The Israelites soon got over their initial fear of the robot and,
	as the months passed, became very fond of him.  Patriarchs took to
discussing abstruse theological problems with him, and each evening the
children all gathered to hear the many stories with which he was programmed.
Therefore it came as a great shock to them when, just as their journey was
ending, he abruptly wore out.  Even Feghoot couldn't console them.
	"It may be true, Ferdinand Feghoot," said Moses, "that our friend
Yewtoo Artoo was soulless, but we cannot believe it.  He must be properly
interred.  We cannot embalm him as do the Egyptians.  Nor have we wood for
a coffin.  But I do have a most splendid skin from one of Pharoah's own
cattle.  We shall bury him in it."
	Feghoot agreed.  "Yes, let this be his last rusting place." "Rusting?"
	Moses cried. "Not in this dreadful dry desert!"
	"Ah!" sighed Ferdinand Feghoot, shedding a tear, "I fear you do not
realize the full significance of Pharoah's oxhide!"
		-- Grendel Briarton "Through Time & Space With Ferdinand
		   Feghoot!"


Frankly, Scarlett, I don't have a fix.
		-- Rhett Buggler


If you wish to be happy for one hour, get drunk.
If you wish to be happy for three days, get married.
If you wish to be happy for a month, kill your pig and eat it.
If you wish to be happy forever, learn to fish.
		-- Chinese proverb


Every man who has reached even his intellectual teens begins to suspect
that life is no farce; that it is not genteel comedy even; that it flowers
and fructifies on the contrary out of the profoundest tragic depths of the
essential death in which its subject's roots are plunged.  The natural
inheritance of everyone who is capable of spiritual life is an unsubdued
forest where the wolf howls and the obscene bird of night chatters.
		-- Henry James Sr., writing to his sons Henry and William


... So the documentary-makers stick with sharks.  Generally, their
procedure is to scatter bleeding fish pieces around their boat, so as
to infest the waters.  I would estimate that the primary food source of
sharks today is bleeding fish pieces scattered by people making
documentaries.  Once the sharks arrive, they are generally fairly
listless.  The general shark attitude seems to be: "Oh God, another
documentary."  So the divers have to somehow goad them into attacking,
under the guise of Scientific Research.  "We know very little about the
effect of electricity on sharks," the narrator will say, in a deeply
scientific voice.  "That is why Todd is going to jab this Great White
in the testicles with a cattle prod."  The divers keep this kind of
thing up until the shark finally gets irritated and snaps at them, and
then they act as though this was a totally unexpected and very
dangerous development, although clearly it is what they wanted all along.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wonders of Sharks on TV"


Blessed are the meek for they shall inhibit the earth.


The only constant is change.


Mad, adj.:
	Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Love conquers all things; let us too surrender to love.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)


A squeegee by any other name wouldn't sound as funny.


That secret you've been guarding, isn't.


Elbonics, v.:
	The actions of two people maneuvering for one
	armrest in a movie theatre.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Young men are fitter to invent than to judge; fitter for execution than for
counsel; and fitter for new projects than for settled business.  For the
experience of age, in things that fall within the compass of it, directeth
them; but in new things, abuseth them.  The errors of young men are the ruin
of business; but the errors of aged men amount but to this, that more might
have been done, or sooner.  Young men, in the conduct and management of
actions, embrace more than they can hold; stir more than they can quiet; fly
to the end, without consideration of the means and degrees; pursue some few
principles which they have chanced upon absurdly; care not how they innovate,
which draws unknown inconveniences; and, that which doubleth all errors, will
not acknowledge or retract them; like an unready horse, that will neither stop
nor turn.  Men of age object too much, consult too long, adventure too little,
repent too soon, and seldom drive business home to the full period, but
content themselves with a mediocrity of success.  Certainly, it is good to
compound employments of both ... because the virtues of either age may correct
the defects of both.
		-- Francis Bacon, "Essay on Youth and Age"


Men say of women what pleases them; women do with men what pleases them.
		-- DeSegur


The future isn't what it used to be.  (It never was.)


Kent's Heuristic:
	Look for it first where you'd most like to find it.


My philosophy is: Don't think.
		-- Charles Manson


Adler's Distinction:
	Language is all that separates us from the lower animals,
	and from the bureaucrats.


It is the business of little minds to shrink.
		-- Carl Sandburg


Many a town that didn't have enough work to support a single lawyer
can easily support two or more.


-- THE BATES MOTEL --
					... convenient
					...	clean
					...	cozy

	Norman, knock loudly,
	     I'm in the shower.

		M.


LOVE:
	When you don't want someone too close--
	because you're very sensitive to pleasure.


Actors will happen even in the best-regulated families.


A bar patron returned from the men's room grumbling to himself.
	"What's the trouble, buddy?" the bartender inquired.
	"You got John Wayne toilet paper in there!"
	"What do you mean?" the barkeeper asked.
	"It's rough, it's tough, and it doesn't take shit from nobody."


Who does not love wine, women, and song,
Remains a fool his whole life long.
		-- Johann Heinrich Voss


Wernher von Braun settled for a V-2 when he coulda had a V-8.


You dialed 5483.


We don't care.  We don't have to.  We're the Phone Company.


A prohibitionist is the sort of man one wouldn't care to
drink with -- even if he drank.
		-- H. L. Mencken


The turtle lives 'twixt plated decks
Which practically conceal its sex.
I think it clever of the turtle
In such a fix to be so fertile.
		-- Ogden Nash


Better living a beggar than buried an emperor.


It takes a smart husband to have the last word and not use it.


Many a family tree needs trimming.


I've already told you more than I know.


Veni, Vidi, VISA:
	I came, I saw, I did a little shopping.


My love runs by like a day in June,
	And he makes no friends of sorrows.
He'll tread his galloping rigadoon
	In the pathway or the morrows.
He'll live his days where the sunbeams start
	Nor could storm or wind uproot him.
My own dear love, he is all my heart --
	And I wish somebody'd shoot him.
		-- Dorothy Parker, part 3


...the flaw that makes perfection perfect.


To hell with the Prime Directive;
Let's _K_I_L_L something!


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(18) There is no such thing as "war atrocities." War is an atrocity.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
		-- Derek Bok, president of Harvard


My advice to the women's clubs of America is to raise more hell and fewer
dahlias.
		-- William Allen White


The 80's -- when you can't tell hairstyles from chemotherapy.


A meeting is an event at which the
minutes are kept and the hours are lost.


This is the Baron.  Angel Martin tells me you buy information.  Ok,
meet me at one a.m. behind the bus depot, bring five-hundred dollars
and come alone.  I'm serious!


Once a word has been allowed to escape, it cannot be recalled.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Mencken and Nathan's Fifteenth Law of The Average American:
	The worst actress in the company is always the manager's wife.


The heart is wiser than the intellect.


Life is to you a dashing and bold adventure.


TRANSFER:
	A promotion you receive on the condition that you leave town.


Hi Jimbo.  Dennis.  Really appreciate the help on the income tax.
You wanna help on the audit now?


If you make people think they're thinking, they'll love you;
but if you really make them think they'll hate you.


The number of UNIX installations has grown to 10, with more expected.
		-- The Unix Programmer's Manual, 2nd Edition, June 1972


When the Ngdanga tribe of West Africa hold their moon love ceremonies,
the men of the tribe bang their heads on sacred trees until they get a
nose bleed, which usually cures them of _t_h_a_t.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


A.I. hackers do it with robots.


Diplomacy is the art of letting the other party have things your way.
		-- Daniele Vare


For the fashion of Minas Tirith was such that it was built on seven levels,
each delved into a hill, and about each was set a wall, and in each wall
was a gate.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien, "The Return of the King"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to system overview.]



	A horse breeder has his young colts bottle-fed after they're three
days old.  He heard that a foal and his mummy are soon parted.


He did decide, though, that with more time and a great deal of mental
effort, he could probably turn the activity into an acceptable
perversion.
		-- Mick Farren, "When Gravity Fails"


Like my parents, I have never been a regular church member or churchgoer.
It doesn't seem plausible to me that there is the kind of God who watches
over human affairs, listens to prayers, and tries to guide people to follow
His precepts -- there is just too much misery and cruelty for that.  On the
other hand, I respect and envy the people who get inspiration from their
religions.
		-- Benjamin Spock


My mother drinks to forget she drinks.
		-- Crazy Jimmy


How come only your friends step on your new white sneakers?


What soon grows old?  Gratitude.
		-- Aristotle


There were in this country two very large monopolies.  The larger of
the two had the following record: the Vietnam War, Watergate, double-
digit inflation, fuel and energy shortages, bankrupt airlines, and the
8-cent postcard.  The second was responsible for such things as the
transistor, the solar cell, lasers, synthetic crystals, high fidelity
stereo recording, sound motion pictures, radio astronomy, negative
feedback, magnetic tape, magnetic "bubbles", electronic switching
systems, microwave radio and TV relay systems, information theory, the
first electrical digital computer, and the first communications
satellite.  Guess which one got to tell the other how to run the
telephone business?


Toto, I have a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore.
		-- Judy Garland as Dorothy Gale, "The Wizard of Oz"


Eggnog is a traditional holiday drink invented by the English.  Many
people wonder where the word "eggnog" comes from.  The first syllable
comes from the English word "egg", meaning "egg".  I don't know where
the "nog" comes from.

To make eggnog, you'll need rum, whiskey, wine, gin and, if they are in
season, eggs...


When the Universe was not so out of whack as it is today, and all the
stars were lined up in their proper places, you could easily count them
from left to right, or top to bottom, and the larger and bluer ones
were set apart, and the smaller yellowing types pushed off to the
corners as bodies of a lower grade ...
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


Boston State House is the hub of the Solar System.  You couldn't pry
that out of a Boston man if you had the tire of all creation
straightened out for a crowbar.
		-- O. W. Holmes


Worst Vegetable of the Year:
	Brussel sprout.  This is also the worst vegetable of next year.
		-- Steve Rubenstein


An ounce of clear truth is worth a pound of obfuscation.


You're being followed.  Cut out the hanky-panky for a few days.


While your friend holds you affectionately by both your hands you are
safe, for you can watch both of his.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Only great masters of style can succeed in being obtuse.
		-- Oscar Wilde

Most UNIX programmers are great masters of style.
		-- The Unnamed Usenetter


Little known facts: the dirtiest words used on television during the
1950's were uttered by June Cleaver.
	"Gee, Ward, weren't you a little hard on the Beaver last night?"


As near as I can tell, you're not any crazier
than the average asshole on the street.
		-- R.P. McMurphy, "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest"


In Pocataligo, Georgia, it is a violation for a woman over 200 pounds
and attired in shorts to pilot or ride in an airplane.


A woman forgives the audacity of which
her beauty has prompted us to be guilty.
		-- LeSage


Coyote love, n.:
	Coyote love is a nebulous term.  Basically, what it involves is
	the taking of a member of the preferred sex home from a singles
	bar.  Then, when you wake up the next morning, they're sleeping
	on your arm.  So, rather than wake them up as you escape, you
	chew off your arm at the shoulder.

Coyote ugly, adj.:
	When you chew off the other arm 'cause she'll be looking for
	a one-armed man!

See also proof that average instantaneous beauty increases monotonically
as alcohol consumption increases and time, t, approaches last call.


Zero Defects, n.:
	The result of shutting down a production line.


The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
		-- Mark Twain


If you don't drink it, someone else will.


The modern child will answer you back before you've said anything.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


After [Benjamin] Franklin came a herd of Electrical Pioneers whose names
have become part of our electrical terminology: Myron Volt, Mary Louise Amp,
James Watt, Bob Transformer, etc.  These pioneers conducted many important
electrical experiments.  For example, in 1780 Luigi Galvani discovered (this
is the truth) that when he attached two different kinds of metal to the leg
of a frog, an electrical current developed and the frog's leg kicked, even
though it was no longer attached to the frog, which was dead anyway.
Galvani's discovery led to enormous advances in the field of amphibian
medicine.  Today, skilled veterinary surgeons can take a frog that has been
seriously injured or killed, implant pieces of metal in its muscles, and
watch it hop back into the pond just like a normal frog, except for the fact
that it sinks like a stone.
		-- Dave Barry, "What is Electricity?"


I know what you're thinking -- "Did he fire six shots or only five?"
Well, to tell you the truth, in all the excitement, I kind of lost track
myself.  But being this is a .44 Magnum, the most powerful handgun in the
world, and would blow your head clean off, you've got to ask yourself
one question: "Do I feel lucky?"  Well, do you, punk?
		-- Harry Callahan, badge #2211


Boren's Laws:
	(1) When in charge, ponder.
	(2) When in trouble, delegate.
	(3) When in doubt, mumble.


To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first
and, whatever you hit, call it the target.


It is true that if your paperboy throws your paper into the bushes for five
straight days it can be explained by Newton's Law of Gravity.  But it takes
Murphy's law to explain why it is happening to you.


A gleekzorp without a tornpee is like
a quop without a fertsneet (sort of).


-- All articles that coruscate with resplendence are not truly auriferous.
-- When there are visible vapors having the prevenience in ignited
	carbonaceous materials, there is conflagration.
-- Sorting on the part of mendicants must be interdicted.
-- A plethora of individuals wither expertise in culinary techniques vitiated
	the potable concoction produced by steeping certain coupestibles.
-- Eleemosynary deeds have their initial incidence intramurally.


The steady state of disks is full.
		-- Ken Thompson


Operators mount anything!


There was this New Yorker that had a lifelong ambition to be a Texan.
Fortunately, he had a Texan friend and went to him for advice.  "Mike,
you know I've always wanted to be a Texan.  You're a *real* Texan, what
should I do?"
	"Well," answered Mike, "The first thing you've got to do is look
like a Texan.  That means you have to dress right.  The second thing
you've got to do is speak in a southern drawl."
	"Thanks, Mike, I'll give it a try," replied the New Yorker.
	A few weeks passed and the New Yorker saunters into a store dressed
in a ten-gallon hat, cowboy boots, Levi jeans and a bandanna.  "Hey, there,
pardner, I'd like some beef, not too rare, and some of them fresh biscuits,"
he tells the counterman.
	The guy behind the counter takes a long look at him and then says,
"You must be from New York."
	The New Yorker blushes, and says, "Well, yes, I am.  How did
you know?"
	"Because this is a hardware store."


Kleptomaniac, n.:
	A rich thief.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


