"Well," Brahma said, "even after ten thousand explanations, a fool is
no wiser, but an intelligent man requires only two thousand five
hundred."
		-- The Mahabharata


The truth of a proposition has nothing to do with its credibility.
And vice versa.


Your mode of life will be changed for
the better because of good news soon.


He flung himself on his horse and rode madly off in all directions.
		-- Stephen Leacock


Sally:	C'mon, Ted, all I'm asking you to do is share your feelings
		with me.
Ted:	ALL?  Do you realize what you're asking?  Men aren't trained
		to share.  We're trained to protect ourselves by not
		letting anyone too close.  Good grief, if I go around
		sharing everything with you, you could hang me out to dry.
Sally:	It's called "trust," Ted.
Ted:	"Sharing"?  "Trust"?  You're really asking me to sail into
		uncharted waters here.
		-- Sally Forth


	People who write position papers often find themselves in an
enviable position.  They are hired to write papers for both sides of the
position.
	A good position paper will have many words in it like
"superincumbence," "egress," and "plurification."
	You will not often find the phrase "lightweight dropcase
limp-wristed motherfucker" in a serious position paper.
	Charts and multiplication tables should always be included in
position papers.  They should look complicated enough to make Albert
Einstein stagger across the room for a Tylenol.
	A good position paper will never underestimate the value of a
semicolon.
		-- Dan Jenkins, "Baja Oklahoma"


Cutler Webster's Law:
	There are two sides to every argument, unless a person
	is personally involved, in which case there is only one.


It is easier to make a saint out of a libertine than out of a prig.
		-- George Santayana


The sex act is the funniest thing on the face of this earth.
		-- Diana Rigg


Grand Master Turing once dreamed that he was a machine.  When he awoke
he exclaimed:
	"I don't know whether I am Turing dreaming that I am a machine,
	or a machine dreaming that I am Turing!"
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Communists do it without class.


Bento's Law: If It Can Break, It Will Break
Bento's Corollary: If It Can Break, Kris Can Send Mail About It


Dessert is probably the most important stage of the meal, since it will
be the last thing your guests remember before they pass out all over
the table.
		-- The Anarchist Cookbook


Wait for that wisest of all counselors, Time.
		-- Pericles


The man who said "A bird in the hand's worth two in the bush" has been
putting his bird in the *WRONG* bushes.


Grain grows best in shit.
		-- Ursula K. LeGuin


France is a country where the money falls apart and you can't tear
the toilet paper.
		-- Billy Wilder


QOTD:
	"If you keep an open mind people will throw a lot of garbage in it."


...[after the announcement of Vanguard] ... Secretary of Defense Charles
Wilson (the same "Engine Charlie" who once told the Senate, "[F]or years
I've thought that what was good for our country was good for General Motors,
and vice versa," probably an accurate analysis) was asked whether the
Russians might beat the Americans into orbit.  "I wouldn't care if they
did," he responded.  (It was later claimed that Wilson favored the
development of the automatic transmission so that he could drive with
one foot in his mouth.)
		-- Smithsonian's Air&Space Magazine, "The Day the Rocket Died"


I got tired of listening to the recording on the phone at the movie
theater.  So I bought the album.  I got kicked out of a theater the
other day for bringing my own food in.  I argued that the concession
stand prices were outrageous.  Besides, I hadn't had a barbecue in a
long time.  I went to the theater and the sign said adults $5 children
$2.50.  I told them I wanted 2 boys and a girl.  I once took a cab to
a drive-in movie.  The movie cost me $95.
		-- Steven Wright


You know how to win a victory, Hannibal, but not how to use it.
		-- Maharbal


To err is human, two curs canine.
To err is human, to moo bovine.


The boys in the Epperson family all acquired fine educations except for Edward.
They made him go to school, but most of the time he just ignored what was said
there.  Yet there were rare moments when he could display a bit of curiosity.
	One day Edward was sitting at home looking at a magazine, and he said
to his brilliant older brother, Hud, he said, "Hud, what does fox pass mean?"
	Brother Hud gave the question some deep consideration and then said,
"You must mean _faux_pas_."
	"The way it's spelled," said dumb Ed, "it's fox pass."
	Hud took a look at the way it was spelled and then said, "It's a French
phrase -- it means a social blunder.  Remember last Sunday when the Bishop came
for dinner?  Mother took him out in the garden and they were looking over the
roses when the Bishop got stuck on the thumb by a thorn.  It was bleeding quite
a bit so Mother brought him in the house.  They went into the bathroom together
and stayed quite a while, and when they came out we all went to the dinner
table.  Remember all that, Ed?"
	"Yeh."
	"Now," Hud continued, "you recall that I was just getting to pass
the gravy when Mother said, 'Bishop, does your prick still throb?'  The gravy
bowl flew out of my hands and hit the table, and the gravy splattered all
over everyone.  And just at that point you, Brother Edward, you hollered,
'Sheee-itt!'  You remember that?"
	"Yeh."
	"Well, when you hollered 'Sheee-itt!' that was a _faux_pas_."


A true artist will let his wife starve, his children go barefoot, his mother
drudge for his living at seventy, sooner than work at anything but his art.
		-- Shaw


Swerve me?  The path to my fixed purpose is laid with iron rails,
whereon my soul is grooved to run.  Over unsounded gorges, through
the rifled hearts of mountains, under torrents' beds, unerringly
I rush!
		-- Captain Ahab, "Moby Dick"


The day after tomorrow is the third day of the rest of your life.


Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.
		-- Euripides


Genius, n.:
	A chemist who discovers a laundry additive that rhymes with
	"bright".


Owe no man any thing...
		-- Romans 13:8


Reality is an obstacle to hallucination.


Economics is extremely useful as a form of employment for economists.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


Every program is a part of some other program, and rarely fits.


If you have to think twice about it, you're wrong.


I've Been Moved!


Patch griefs with proverbs.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Much Ado About Nothing"


Q:	What's yellow, and equivalent to the Axiom of Choice?
A:	Zorn's Lemon.


You buy a judge by weight, like iron in a junk yard.  A justice of the
peace or a magistrate can be had for a five-dollar bill.  In the
municipal courts, he will cost you ten.  In the circuit or superior
courts, he wants fifteen.  The state appellate courts or the state
supreme court is on a par with the Federal courts.  By the time a judge
reaches such courts, he is middle-aged, thick around the middle, fat
between the ears.  He's heavy.  You can't buy a Federal judge for less
than a twenty-dollar bill.
		-- Jake "Greasy Thumb" Guzik


No man would listen to you talk if he didn't know it was his turn next.
		-- Edgar W. Howe


Do you feel personally responsible for the world food shortage?
Every time you go to the beach, does the tide come in?
Have you ever eaten an entire moose?
Can you see your neck?
Do joggers take laps around you for exercise?
If so, welcome to National Fat Week.
This week we'll eat without guilt, and kick off our membership campaign,
	...by force-feeding a box of cornstarch to a skinny person.
		-- Garfield


Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Support wildlife -- vote for an orgy.


Do you believe in intuition?
No, but I have a strange feeling that someday I will.


I'd rather be led to hell than managed to heaven.


Ahhhhhh... the smell of cuprinol and mahogany.  It
excites me to... acts of passion... acts of... ineptitude.


Just as I cannot remember any time when I could not read and write, I
cannot remember any time when I did not exercise my imagination in
daydreams about women.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Life may have no meaning, or, even worse,
it may have a meaning of which you disapprove.


A man may sometimes be forgiven the kiss to which he is not entitled,
but never the kiss he has not the initiative to claim.


Slaves are generally expected to sing as well as to work ... I did not, when
a slave, understand the deep meanings of those rude, and apparently incoherent
songs.  I was myself within the circle, so that I neither saw nor heard as
those without might see and hear.  They told a tale which was then altogether
beyond my feeble comprehension: they were tones, loud, long and deep,
breathing the prayer and complaint of souls boiling over with the bitterest
anguish.  Every tone was a testimony against slavery, and a prayer to God
for deliverance from chains.
		-- Frederick Douglass


Endless the world's turn, endless the sun's spinning
Endless the quest;
I turn again, back to my own beginning,
And here, find rest.


Suppose for a moment that the automobile industry had developed at the same
rate as computers and over the same period:  how much cheaper and more
efficient would the current models be?  If you have not already heard the
analogy, the answer is shattering.  Today you would be able to buy a
Rolls-Royce for $2.75, it would do three million miles to the gallon, and
it would deliver enough power to drive the Queen Elizabeth II.  And if you
were interested in miniaturization, you could place half a dozen of them on
a pinhead.
		-- Christopher Evans


The flow chart is a most thoroughly oversold piece of program documentation.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


We will follow Zarathustra,		We will worship like the Druids,
Zarathustra like we use to,		Dancing naked in the woods,
I'm a Zarathustra booster,		Drinking strange fermented fluids,
And he's good enough for me!		And it's good enough for me!
(chorus)				(chorus)

In the church of Aphrodite,
The priestess wears a see through nightie,
She's a mighty righteous sightie,
And she's good enough for me!
(chorus)

CHORUS:	Give me that old time religion,
	Give me that old time religion,
	Give me that old time religion,
	'Cause it's good enough for me!


Laughter is the closest distance between two people.
		-- Victor Borge


Eat, drink, and be merry!  Tomorrow you may be in Utah.


Last night I met upon the stair
A little man who wasn't there.
He wasn't there again today.
Gee how I wish he'd go away!


God help those who do not help themselves.
		-- Wilson Mizner


Four be the things I am wiser to know:
	Idleness, sorrow, a friend, and a foe.

Four be the things I'd been better without:
	Love, curiosity, freckles, and doubt.

Three be the things I shall never attain:
	Envy, content, and sufficient champagne.

Three be the things I shall have till I die:
	Laughter and hope and a sock in the eye.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Inventory"


Majority, n.:
	That quality that distinguishes a crime from a law.


Of course you have a purpose -- to find a purpose.


Transvestite, n.:
	Someone who likes to eat, drink, and be Mary.


If you waste your time cooking, you'll miss the next meal.


A is for awk, which runs like a snail, and
B is for biff, which reads all your mail.
C is for cc, as hackers recall, while
D is for dd, the command that does all.
E is for emacs, which rebinds your keys, and
F is for fsck, which rebuilds your trees.
G is for grep, a clever detective, while
H is for halt, which may seem defective.
I is for indent, which rarely amuses, and
J is for join, which nobody uses.
K is for kill, which makes you the boss, while
L is for lex, which is missing from DOS.
M is for more, from which less was begot, and
N is for nice, which it really is not.
O is for od, which prints out things nice, while
P is for passwd, which reads in strings twice.
Q is for quota, a Berkeley-type fable, and
R is for ranlib, for sorting ar table.
S is for spell, which attempts to belittle, while
T is for true, which does very little.
U is for uniq, which is used after sort, and
V is for vi, which is hard to abort.
W is for whoami, which tells you your name, while
X is, well, X, of dubious fame.
Y is for yes, which makes an impression, and
Z is for zcat, which handles compression.
		-- THE ABC'S OF UNIX


You don't move to Edina, you achieve Edina.
		-- Guindon


And yet I should have dearly liked, I own, to have touched her lips; to
have questioned her, that she might have opened them; to have looked upon
the lashes of her downcast eyes, and never raised a blush; to have let
loose waves of hair, an inch of which would be a keepsake beyond price:
in short, I should have liked, I do confess, to have had the lightest
license of a child, and yet been man enough to know its value.
		-- Charles Dickens


History books which contain no lies are extremely dull.


How can you work when the system's so crowded?


QOTD:
	"This is a one line proof... if we start sufficiently far to the
	left."


Experience is the worst teacher.  It always
gives the test first and the instruction afterward.


I've found my niche.  If you're wondering why I'm not there, there was
this little hole in the bottom ...
		-- John Croll


I don't like the Dutchman.  He's a crocodile.  He's sneaky.
I don't trust him.
		-- Jack "Legs" Diamond, just before a peace conference
		   with Dutch Schultz.

I don't trust Legs.  He's nuts.  He gets excited and starts pulling a
trigger like another guy wipes his nose.
		-- Dutch Schultz, just before a peace conference with
		   "Legs" Diamond.


God isn't dead, He's just trying to avoid the draft.


Between the idea
And the reality
Between the motion
And the act
Falls the Shadow
		-- T. S. Eliot, "The Hollow Man"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to system service dispatching.]


To be or not to be.
		-- Shakespeare
To do is to be.
		-- Nietzsche
To be is to do.
		-- Sartre
Do be do be do.
		-- Sinatra


Don't ever slam a door; you might want to go back.


Force has no place where there is need of skill.
		-- Herodotus


They're giving bank robbing a bad name.
		-- John Dillinger, on Bonnie and Clyde


As Zeus said to Narcissus, "Watch yourself."


And having stretched me out upon his bed with my head a little to one side,
he sat down next to me and raised my head upon his lap.  He peered avidly at
me, his eyes seemed ready to devour the secretion oozing from my nose.  "Oh,
the pretty little snotface," said he, beginning to pant, "How I'm going to
suck her."  Therewith bending down over me, and taking my nose in his mouth,
not only did he devour all the mucus between my nose and mouth, but he even
lewdly darted the tip of his tongue into each of my nostrils, one after the
other, and with such cleverness he provoked two or three sneezes which
redoubled the flow he desired and was consuming so hungrily.  But ask me for
no details bearing upon this fellow, Messieurs, nothing appeared, and whether
because he did nothing, or because he did it all in his drawers, there was
nothing to be seen, and amidst the multitude of his kisses and lecherous
lickings there was nothing outstanding which might have denoted an ecstasy,
and consequently it is my opinion that he did not discharge.  All my clothes
were in place, even his hands stayed still, and I give you my word that this
old libertine's fantasy might be performed upon the world's most respectable
and least initiated girl without her being able to suppose there was anything
lewd in it at all.
		-- Marquis de Sade


Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
		-- A. H. Weiler


This is clearly another case of too many mad scientists,
and not enough hunchbacks.


If you don't do it, you'll never know what
would have happened if you had done it.


If a jury in a criminal trial stays out for more than twenty-four hours, it
is certain to vote acquittal, save in those instances where it votes guilty.
		-- Joseph C. Goulden


Occident, n.:
	The part of the world lying west (or east) of the Orient.  It is
	largely inhabited by Christians, powerful sub-tribe of the
	Hypocrites, whose principal industries are murder and cheating,
	which they are pleased to call "war" and "commerce."  These, also,
	are the principal industries of the Orient.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Some performers on television appear to be horrible people, but when
you finally get to know them in person, they turn out to be even
worse.
		-- Avery


Always run from a knife and rush a gun.
		-- Jimmy Hoffa


Oatmeal raisin.


Look before you leap.
		-- Samuel Butler


Would you people stop playing these stupid games?!?!?!!!!


Laugh, and the world ignores you.  Crying doesn't help either.


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #18 -- FIFTH

	FIFTH is a precision mathematical language in which the data types
refer to quantity.  The data types range from CC, OUNCE, SHOT, and JIGGER to
FIFTH (hence the name of the language), LITER, MAGNUM and BLOTTO.  Commands
refer to ingredients such as CHABLIS, CHARDONNAY, CABERNET, GIN, VERMOUTH,
VODKA, SCOTCH, BOURBON, and WHATEVERSAROUND.
	The many versions of the FIFTH language reflect the sophistication and
financial status of its users.  Commands in the ELITE dialect include VSOP and
LAFITE, while commands in the GUTTER dialect include HOOTCH, THUNDERBIRD,
RIPPLE and HOUSERED.  The latter is a favorite of frustrated FORTH programmers
who end up using this language.


A modem is a baudy house.


What happened last night can happen again.


He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes.


There is no distinction between any AI program and some existent game.


Love the sea?  I dote upon it -- from the beach.


In 1953, Stalin dies.  The politburo holds a special meeting to decide
what to do about the body.  Nobody will let it be buried near their home.
Finally they decide:
	"Aha!  Call Israel!  Offer them ten million rubels; they'll let us
bury Stalin in Israel! Off goes the message and the politburo waits...
Finally a telegram comes back:
	"NO CHANCE STOP ONE RESURRECTION HERE ALREADY"


Consider a spherical bear, in simple harmonic motion...
		-- Professor in the UCB physics department


Statisticians do it with 95% confidence.


SEMINARS:
	From 'semi' and 'arse', hence, any half-assed discussion.


There is nothing wrong with screwing everyone in sight.
Boring your friends about it is the sin.
		-- Mama Liz


	"Why did you spend so much time parked in that fellow's car last
night?" demanded the irate mother.
"I could hear the giggling and squealing for a good half hour."
	"But, Mom," answered her daughter, "if a fellow takes you to the
movies you ought to at least kiss him good night."
	"I thought you went to the Stork Club?" countered the mother.
	"We did."


Half a bee, philosophically, must ipso facto half not be.
But half the bee has got to be, vis-a-vis its entity.  See?
But can a bee be said to be or not to be an entire bee,
When half the bee is not a bee, due to some ancient injury?


We are upping our standards ... so up yours.
		-- Pat Paulsen for President


Don't let nobody tell you what you cannot do;
don't let nobody tell you what's impossible for you;
don't let nobody tell you what you got to do,
or you'll never know ... what's on the other side of the rainbow...
remember, if you don't follow your dreams,
you'll never know what's on the other side of the rainbow...
		-- melba moore, "the other side of the rainbow"


Once a word has been allowed to escape, it cannot be recalled.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


	"I'm terribly sorry, sir," the novice barber apologized, after
badly nicking a customer.  "Let me wrap your head in a towel."
	"That's all right," said the customer.  "I'll just take it home
under my arm."


The Celts invented two things, Whiskey and self-destruction.


Stenderup's Law:
	The sooner you fall behind, the more time you will have to catch up.


The Second Law of Thermodynamics:
	If you think things are in a mess now, just wait!
		-- Jim Warner


The ratio of literacy to illiteracy is a constant, but nowadays the
illiterates can read.
		-- Alberto Moravia


Lansdale seized on the idea of using Nixon to build support for the
[Vietnamese] elections ... really honest elections, this time.  "Oh, sure,
honest, yes, that's right," Nixon said, "so long as you win!"  With that
he winked, drove his elbow into Lansdale's arm and slapped his own knee.
		-- Richard M. Nixon, quoted in "Sideshow" by W. Shawcross


Arkansas:
	Where the men are men, so are the women and the sheep run scared.


Tell me what to think!!!


Women are like elephants to me: I like to
look at them, but I wouldn't want to own one.
		-- W. C. Fields


Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them
pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.
		-- Winston Churchill


Character is what you are in the dark!
		-- Lord John Whorfin


Wishing without work is like fishing without bait.
		-- Frank Tyger


May Euell Gibbons eat your only copy of the manual!


Tiger got to hunt,
Bird got to fly;
Man got to sit and wonder, "Why, why, why?"

Tiger got to sleep,
Bird got to land;
Man got to tell himself he understand.
		-- The Books of Bokonon


Morris left for a two-day business trip to Chicago.  He was only a few
blocks from his house, when he realized that he had left the airplane
tickets on his bureau top.  He returned and quietly entered the house.
His wife, in her skimpiest negligee, was standing at the sink washing
the breakfast dishes.  She looked so inviting that he tiptoed up behind
her, reached out, and squeezed her breast.
	"Leave only one quart of milk," she said. "Morris won't be here
for breakfast tomorrow."


To know Edina is to reject it.
		-- Dudley Riggs, "The Year the Grinch Stole the Election"


Variables don't; constants aren't.


I was appalled by this story of the destruction of a member of a valued
endangered species.  It's all very well to celebrate the practicality of
pigs by ennobling the porcine sibling who constructed his home out of
bricks and mortar.  But to wantonly destroy a wolf, even one with an
excessive taste for porkers, is unconscionable in these ecologically
critical times when both man and his domestic beasts continue to maraud
the earth.
		Sylvia Kamerman, "Book Reviewing"


Q:	How do you know your elephant had her period?
A:	There's a nickel on your dresser and your mattress is missing.


It is better to travel hopefully than to fly Continental.


The final screw holding up a rackmount server is always possessed by demons.


Hackers are just a migratory life form with a tropism for computers.


About the time we think we can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
		-- Herbert Hoover


I am of the belief that catnip arrived on the planet in the same spaceship
that delivered cats. It is the only thing they have from their home
planet. Tuna, chicken, sparrow-brains, etc., these are all things of our
world that they like, but catnip is crack from home.
		-- Bill Cole


Technicality, n.:
	In an English court a man named Home was tried for slander in
	having accused a neighbor of murder.  His exact words were: "Sir
	Thomas Holt hath taken a cleaver and stricken his cook upon the
	head, so that one side of his head fell on one shoulder and the
	other side upon the other shoulder."  The defendant was
	acquitted by instruction of the court, the learned judges
	holding that the words did not charge murder, for they did not
	affirm the death of the cook, that being only an inference.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Life Sucks.  Cynical, misanthropic male, 34, looking for soul mate but
certain not to find her.  Drop me a note.  I'll call you, we'll talk and
I'll ask you out to dinner where I'll probably spend more than I can
afford in a feeble attempt to impress you.  Then we'll realize we have
absolutely nothing in common and we'll go our separate ways, more
embittered and depressed than before (if such a thing is possible).


To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
		-- Thomas Edison


To lead people, you must follow behind.
		-- Lao Tsu


British Israelites:
	The British Israelites believe the white Anglo-Saxons of Britain to
be descended from the ten lost tribes of Israel deported by Sargon of Assyria
on the fall of Sumeria in 721 B.C. ... They further believe that the future
can be foretold by the measurements of the Great Pyramid, which probably
means it will be big and yellow and in the hand of the Arabs.  They also
believe that if you sleep with your head under the pillow a fairy will come
and take all your teeth.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Elegance and truth are inversely related.
		-- Becker's Razor


There goes the good time that was had by all.
		-- Bette Davis, remarking on a passing starlet


Just about every computer on the market today runs Unix, except the Mac
(and nobody cares about it).
		-- Bill Joy 6/21/85


When in doubt, tell the truth.
		-- Mark Twain


I tell ya, drugs never worked out for me.  The first time I tried smoking
pot I didn't know what I was doing.  I smoked half the joint, got the
munchies, and ate the other half.

Well, the first time I tried coke I was so embarrassed.  I kept getting the
bottle stuck up my nose.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


GNU Make will no longer go into an infinite loop when fed the horrid
trash that passes for makefiles that `imake' produces (so you can
compile X, despite the extreme stubbornness and irrationality of its
maintainers).
		-- GNU Make 3.55 release notes


Why doesn't everybody leave everybody else the hell alone?
		-- Jimmy Durante


American business long ago gave up on demanding that prospective
employees be honest and hardworking.  It has even stopped hoping for
employees who are educated enough that they can tell the difference
between the men's room and the women's room without having little
pictures on the doors.
		-- Dave Barry, "Urine Trouble, Mister"


Psychiatry is quite similar to prostitution, only less honest.  They
both promise to make people feel better, but the prostitute doesn't
make pretensions that the feelings will last once the client walks
out the door.


Nothing is more admirable than the fortitude with which
millionaires tolerate the disadvantages of their wealth.
		-- Nero Wolfe


Inglish Spocken Hier: some mangled translations

	Sign on a cabin door of a Soviet Black Sea cruise liner:
		Helpsavering apparata in emergings behold many whistles!
		Associate the stringing apparata about the bosums and meet
		behind, flee then to the indifferent lifesaveringshippen
		obedicing the instructs of the vessel.

	On the door in a Belgrade hotel:
		Let us know about any unficiency as well as leaking on
		the service. Our utmost will improve it.

		-- Colin Bowles


The fact that people are poor or discriminated against doesn't necessarily
endow them with any special qualities of justice, nobility, charity or
compassion.
		-- Saul Alinsky


Successful cunnilingus, n.:
	When you wake up the next morning with a face like a
	frosted doughnut.


Send lawyers, guns, and money,
The shit has hit the fan.
		-- Warren Zevon


All that glitters has a high refractive index.


Confucius say:
	man who screws near graveyard is fucking near dead.
	man who fishes in other man's well often catch crabs.
	man and mouse the same, both end up in pussy.
	boy who play with himself pulls boner.
	woman who cooks carrots and pees in same pot very unsanitary.
	man who marry girl with no bust has right to feel low down.
	man who sleeps with old hen finds it's better than pullet.
	man with hole in pocket feel cocky all day.
	man who lie under car, get tired
	man who stand behind car, get exhausted.


Password:


Just think -- blessed SCSI cables!  Do a big enough sacrifice and create
a +5 blessed SCSI cable of connectivity.
		-- Lionel Lauer


A day without sunshine is like a day without Anita Bryant.


Too often people have come to me and said, "If I had just one wish for
anything in all the world, I would wish for more user-defined equations
in the HP-51820A Waveform Generator Software."
		-- Instrument News
		   [Once is too often.  Ed.]


	Something mysterious is formed, born in the silent void.  Waiting
alone and unmoving, it is at once still and yet in constant motion.  It is
the source of all programs.  I do not know its name, so I will call it the
Tao of Programming.
	If the Tao is great, then the operating system is great.  If the
operating system is great, then the compiler is great.  If the compiler is
greater, then the applications is great.  The user is pleased and there is
harmony in the world.
	The Tao of Programming flows far away and returns on the wind of
morning.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Q:	What is the difference between Texas and yogurt?
A:	Yogurt has culture.


Shick's Law:
	There is no problem a good miracle can't solve.


	A sociologist, a psychologist, and an engineer were discussing the
consequences and implications of a married man's having a mistress.  The
sociologist's opinion was that it is absolutely and categorically unforgivable
for a married man to forfeit the bond of matrimony, and engage in such lowly
and lustful pursuits.
	The psychologist's opinion was that although morally reprehensible,
if a man MUST have a mistress to achieve his full potential as a human being,
then -- well -- he may go ahead and choose to have a mistress, as long as he
is considerate enough to keep this secret from his wife.
	The engineer then interjected: "I also believe that, if necessary,
a married man is entitled to a mistress.  However, I do not see why the
affair should be concealed from the wife.  On the contrary, if the affair
is out in the open, then on Friday evenings he may tell his wife that he
is going to see his mistress, tell his mistress that he is going to be with
his wife, then go to his office and get some work done!"


With Congress, every time they make a joke it's a law; and every time
they make a law it's a joke.
		-- W. Rogers


Once at a social gathering, Gladstone said to Disraeli, "I predict,
Sir, that you will die either by hanging or of some vile disease".
Disraeli replied, "That all depends upon whether I embrace your
principals or your mistress."


If it were not for the presents, an elopement would be preferable.
		-- George Ade, "Forty Modern Fables"


