I don't need no arms around me...
I don't need no drugs to calm me...
I have seen the writing on the wall.
Don't think I need anything at all.
No!  Don't think I need anything at all!
All in all, it was all just bricks in the wall.
All in all, it was all just bricks in the wall.
		-- Pink Floyd, "Another Brick in the Wall", Part III


Harriet's Dining Observation:
	In every restaurant, the hardness of the butter pats
	increases in direct proportion to the softness of the bread.


If you want to be ruined, marry a rich woman.
		-- Michelet


The moon is made of green cheese.
		-- John Heywood


Kime's Law for the Reward of Meekness:
	Turning the other cheek merely ensures two bruised cheeks.


Little Johnny with a grin,
Drank up all of daddy's gin,
Mother said, when he was plastered,
Go to bed, you little love-child.


But you who live on dreams, you are better pleased with the sophistical
reasoning and frauds of talkers about great and uncertain matters than
those who speak of certain and natural matters, not of such lofty nature.
		-- Leonardo da Vinci, "The Codex on the Flight of Birds"


Welcome to Lake Wobegon, where all the men are strong,
The women are pretty, and the children are above-average.
		-- Garrison Keillor


It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle if it is
lightly greased.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"


Ouch mosquito, silent by night,
Why pierce my skin, so white?
You grow plump, as a leech.
Stop!  I beseech (in vein).

I have no choice.
Why waste my voice,
When only a slap will do?
Ouch, I am bitten!
What ho, you are smitten!
Yo mosquito, fuck you.
		-- Mitchell Peck, "Ouch, Mosquito"


Don't force it, get a larger hammer.
		-- Anthony


Lipstick on your dipstick told a tale on you,
Lipstick on your dipstick said you were untrue.
Bet your bottom dollar you and I are through,
'Cause lipstick on your dipstick told a tale on you.
		-- To the tune of "Lipstick On Your Collar"


The War on Drugs is just a small part of the War on the United States
Constitution.


QOTD:
	"Overweight is when you step on your dog's tail and it dies."


He walks as if balancing the family tree on his nose.


Symbolic representation of quantitative entities is doomed to its rightful
place of minor importance in a world where flowers and beautiful women abound.
		-- Albert Einstein


We drove to the hotel and said goodbye.  How hypocritical to go upstairs
with a man you don't want to fuck, leave the one you do sitting there alone,
and then, in a state of great excitement, fuck the one you don't want to
fuck while pretending he's the one you do.  That's called fidelity.  That's
called civilization and its discontents.
		-- Erica Jong, "Fear of Flying"


They just buzzed and buzzed...buzzed.


Once Law was sitting on the bench
	And Mercy knelt a-weeping.
"Clear out!" he cried, "disordered wench!
	Nor come before me creeping.
Upon your knees if you appear,
'Tis plain you have no standing here."

Then Justice came.  His Honor cried:
	"YOUR states? -- Devil seize you!"
"Amica curiae," she replied --
	"Friend of the court, so please you."
"Begone!" he shouted -- "There's the door --
I never saw your face before!"
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The important thing is not to stop questioning.


The average, healthy, well-adjusted adult gets up at seven-thirty in
the morning feeling just terrible.
		-- Jean Kerr


Ona day Ima gonna to Detroit to a bigga hotel.  Ina morning I go down to
eat breakfast.  I tella waitress I wanna two piss's toast.  She bringa me
only one piss.  I tella her I wanna two piss ona my plate.  She says you
better no piss on the plate, you sonna bitch.  I don't even know the lady
and she call me sonna bitch.  Later I go out to eat at the bigga restaurant.
The waitress bring me a spoon and a knife but no fock.  I tell her I wanna
fock.  She tells me everone wanna fock.  I tell her "you no understand", I
wanna fock on the table.  She say you better not fock on the table, you
sonna bitch.  So I go back to my room ina hotel and there isa no shits ona
my bed.  I calla the manager and tella him I wanna shit.  He tella me to go
to the toilet.  I say "you no understand", I wanna shit on the bed.  He say
you better no shit ona bed, you sonna bitch.  I go to check out and the man
at the desk say "peace to you".  I say piss on you too, you sonna bitch.  I
gonna back to Italy.


Achilles' Biological Findings:
	(1) If a child looks like his father, that's heredity.  If he
	    looks like a neighbor, that's environment.
	(2) A lot of time has been wasted arguing over what came first
	    -- the chicken or the egg.  It was undoubtedly the
	    rooster.


Have you ever wondered what makes Californians so calm?  Besides drugs, I
mean.  The answer is hot tubs.  A hot tub is a redwood container filled with
water that you sit in naked with members of the opposite sex, none of whom
is necessarily your spouse.  After a few hours in their hot tubs, Californians
don't give a damn about earthquakes or mass murderers.  They don't give a
damn about anything, which is why they are able to produce "Laverne and
Shirley" week after week.
		-- Dave Barry


Support Bingo, keep Grandma off the streets.


To be intoxicated is to feel sophisticated but not be able to say it.


Suicide is the sincerest form of self-criticism.
		-- Donald Kaul


				FROM THE DESK OF
				Snow White

Dear Snow White:

	Thanks for last night.

		Sleepy, Doc, Grumpy, Sneezy, Happy, Dopey, Bashful


Double!


A public debt is a kind of anchor in the storm; but if the anchor be
too heavy for the vessel, she will be sunk by that very weight which
was intended for her preservation.
		-- Colton


			It's grad exam time...
COMPUTER SCIENCE
	Inside your desk you'll find a listing of the DEC/VMS operating
system in IBM 1710 machine code. Show what changes are necessary to convert
this code into a UNIX Berkeley 7 operating system.  Prove that these fixes are
bug free and run correctly. You should gain at least 150% efficiency in the
new system.  (You should take no more than 10 minutes on this question.)

MATHEMATICS
	If X equals PI times R^2, construct a formula showing how long
it would take a fire ant to drill a hole through a dill pickle, if the
length-girth ratio of the ant to the pickle were 98.17:1.

GENERAL KNOWLEDGE
Describe the Universe.  Give three examples.


	The people of Halifax invented the trampoline.  During the Victorian
period the tripe-dressers of Halifax stretched tripe across a large wooden
frame and jumped up and down on it to `tender and dress' it.  The tripoline,
as they called it, degenerated into becoming the apparatus for a spectator
sport.
	The people of Halifax also invented the harmonium, a device for
castrating pigs during Sunday service.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Your only obligation in any lifetime is to be true to yourself.  Being
true to anyone else or anything else is not only impossible, but the
mark of a fake messiah.  The simplest questions are the most profound.
Where were you born?  Where is your home?  Where are you going?  What
are you doing?  Think about these once in awhile and watch your answers
change.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


Be nice to people on the way up, because you'll meet them on your way down.
		-- Wilson Mizner


Everyone's in a high place when you're on your knees.


Never be led astray onto the path of virtue.


Snow White has become a camera buff.  She spends hours and hours
shooting pictures of the seven dwarfs and their antics.  Then she
mails the exposed film to a cut rate photo service.  It takes weeks
for the developed film to arrive in the mail, but that is all right
with Snow White.  She clears the table, washes the dishes and sweeps
the floor, all the while singing "Someday my prints will come."


Ignore previous fortune.


She has an alarm clock and a phone that don't ring - they applaud.


Vanilla, adj.:
	Ordinary flavor, standard.  See FLAVOR.  When used of food,
very often does not mean that the food is flavored with vanilla
extract!  For example, "vanilla-flavored won ton soup" (or simply
"vanilla won ton soup") means ordinary won ton soup, as opposed to hot
and sour won ton soup.


Disclose classified information only when a NEED TO KNOW exists.


The worst part of having success is trying
to find someone who is happy for you.
		-- Bette Midler


Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company.
		-- Mark Twain


Put a pot of chili on the stove to simmer.
Let it simmer.  Meanwhile, broil a good steak.
Eat the steak.  Let the chili simmer.  Ignore it.
		-- Recipe for chili from Allan Shrivers, former governor
		   of Texas.


Smoking is, as far as I'm concerned, the entire point of being an adult.
		-- Fran Lebowitz


Any small object that is accidentally
dropped will hide under a larger object.


Verba volant, scripta manent!


Symptom:		Feet cold and wet, glass empty.
Fault:			Glass being held at incorrect angle.
Action Required:	Turn glass other way up so that open end points
			toward ceiling.

Symptom:		Feet warm and wet.
Fault:			Improper bladder control.
Action Required:	Go stand next to nearest dog.  After a while complain
			to the owner about its lack of house training and
			demand a beer as compensation.

		-- Bar Troubleshooting


Cthulhu Saves -- in case He's hungry later.


In order to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the
universe.
		-- Carl Sagan, Cosmos


He is truly wise who gains wisdom from another's mishap.


" "
		-- Charlie Chaplin

" "
		-- Harpo Marx

" "
		-- Marcel Marceau


You're already carrying the sphere!


The problem ... is that we have run out of dinosaurs to form oil with.
Scientists working for the Department of Energy have tried to form oil
using other animals; they've piled thousands of tons of sand and Middle
Eastern countries on top of cows, raccoons, haddock, laboratory rats,
etc., but so far all they have managed to do is run up an enormous
bulldozer-rental bill and anger a lot of Middle Eastern persons.  None
of the animals turned into oil, although most of the laboratory rats
developed cancer.
		-- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"


Objects are lost only because people
look where they are not rather than where they are.


If I told you you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me?


OCCAM'S ERASER:
	The philosophical principle that even the simplest
	solution is bound to have something wrong with it.


Dear Mr. Seldes:  I cannot remember the exact wording of the statement
to which you allude; but what I meant was that ... a man who calls
himself a 100% American and is proud of it, is generally 150% an idiot
politically.  But the designations may be good business for war
veterans.  Having bled for their country in 1861 and 1918, they have
bled it all they could consequently.  And why not?
		-- George Seldes, "The Great Quotations"


Normal times may possibly be over forever.


Believe everything you hear about the world; nothing is too
impossibly bad.
		-- Honore de Balzac


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#17

Shoes:
	 The average man has 4 pairs of footwear: running shoes, dress shoes,
boots, and slippers.  The average woman has shoes 4 layers thick on the floor
of her closet.  Most of them hurt her feet.

Making friends:
	 A woman will meet another woman with common interests, do a few things
together, and say something like, "I hope we can be good friends."
	A man will meet another man with common interests, do a few things
together, and say nothing.  After years of interacting with this other man,
sharing hopes and fears that he wouldn't confide in his priest or
psychiatrist, he'll finally let down his guard in a fit of drunken
sentimentality and say something like, "You know, for someone who's such a
jerk, I guess you're OK."


Jesus has just stopped the crowd from stoning Mary Magdalene to death
and is berating the self-pious with the famous speech, "Let the one
among you who is without sin cast the first stone..."
	Right about then, a rock comes winging through the air and hits
Jesus upside the head.  He whirls around and shouts "Alright, Mom, c'mon!
I'm trying to make a point, here!"


Silly is a state of Mind, Stupid is a way of Life.


Ah, the Tsar's bazaar's bizarre beaux-arts!


If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning.
		-- Aristotle Onassis


A woman must be a cute, cuddly, naive
little thing -- tender, sweet, and stupid.
		-- Adolf Hitler


If reporters don't know that truth is plural, they ought to be lawyers.
		-- Tom Wicker


Ruling a big country is like cooking a small fish.
		-- Lao Tsu


After repeatedly warding off her date's amorous advances during the evening,
the pretty young thing decided to put her foot down: "See here," she shouted
indignantly.  "This is positively the last time I'm going to tell you `no'."
	"Splendid!" exclaimed her date.  "Now we can start making some
progress."


A traveling salesman was driving past a farm when he saw a pig with three
wooden legs executing a magnificent series of backflips and cartwheels.
Intrigued, he drove up to the farmhouse, where he found an old farmer
sitting in the yard watching the pig.
	"That's quite a pig you have there, sir" said the salesman.
	"Sure is, son," the farmer replied.  "Why, two years ago, my daughter
was swimming in the lake and bumped her head and damned near drowned, but that
pig swam out and dragged her back to shore."
	"Amazing!"  the salesman exclaimed.
	"And that's not the only thing.  Last fall I was cuttin' wood up on
the north forty when a tree fell on me.  Pinned me to the ground, it did.
That pig run up and wiggled underneath that tree and lifted it off of me.
Saved my life."
	"Fantastic!  the salesman said.  But tell me, how come the pig has
three wooden legs?"
	The farmer stared at the newcomer in amazement.  "Mister, when you
got an amazin' pig like that, you don't eat him all at once."


If God had wanted us to use the metric system, Jesus would have had 10
apostles.


I'm never through with a girl until I've had her three ways.
		-- J.F. Kennedy


The Right Honorable Gentleman is indebted to his memory for his jests
and to his imagination for his facts.
		-- Sheridan


The Thought Police are here.  They've come
To put you under cardiac arrest.
And as they drag you through the door
They tell you that you've failed the test.
		-- Buggles, "Living in the Plastic Age"


Patience is the best remedy for every trouble.
		-- Titus Maccius Plautus


As Zeus said to Narcissus, "Watch yourself."


Boy, n.:
	A noise with dirt on it.


The moon may be smaller than Earth, but it's further away.


They seem to have learned the habit of cowering before authority even when
not actually threatened.  How very nice for authority.  I decided not to
learn this particular lesson.
		-- Richard Stallman


Quigley's Law:
	Whoever has any authority over you,
	no matter how small, will attempt to use it.


I treasure this strange combination found in very few persons: a fierce
desire for life as well as a lucid perception of the ultimate futility of
the quest.
		-- Madeleine Gobeil


No one has a higher opinion of him than he has.
		-- Greg Lehey, FreeBSDcon 1999


Westheimer's Discovery:
	A couple of months in the laboratory can
	frequently save a couple of hours in the library.


HEY, KIDS!  ANN LANDERS SAYS:
	Masturbation isn't as simple as it looks.  Do it right!
Send 50 cents for my illustrated booklet "Masturbation techniques
for the teenager".  Be sure to specify the male or female edition.


What will you do if all your problems aren't solved by the time you die?


What with chromodynamics and electroweak too
Our Standardized Model should please even you,
Tho' once you did say that of charm there was none
It took courage to switch as to say Earth moves not Sun.
Yet your state of the union penultimate large
Is the last known haunt of the Fractional Charge,
And as you surf in the hot tub with sourdough roll
Please ponder the passing of your sole Monopole.
Your Olympics were fun, you should bring them all back
For transsexual tennis or Anamalon Track,
But Hollywood movies remain sinfully crude
Whether seen on the telly or Remotely Viewed.
Now fasten your sunbelts, for you've done it once more,
You said it in Leipzig of the thing we adore,
That you've built an incredible crystalline sphere
Whose German attendants spread trembling and fear
Of the death of our theory by Particle Zeta
Which I'll bet is not there say your article, later.
		-- Sheldon Glashow, Physics Today, December, 1984


The most important early product on the way
to developing a good product is an imperfect version.


The early worm gets the late bird.


There are many of us in this old world of ours who hold that things break
about even for all of us.  I have observed, for example, that we all get
about the same amount of ice.  The rich get it in the summer and the poor
get it in the winter.
		-- Bat Masterson


The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


At no time is freedom of speech more precious than when a man hits his
thumb with a hammer.
		-- Marshall Lumsden


Don't go to bed with no price on your head.
		-- Baretta


Christ died for our sins.  Dare we make his martyrdom meaningless by not
committing them?
		-- Jules Feiffer


One picture is worth more than ten thousand words.
		-- Chinese proverb


It's a poor workman who blames his tools.


Here I am, fifty-eight, and I still don't know what I want to be when
I grow up.
		-- Peter Drucker


Anything that is good and useful is made of chocolate.


If you wish to live wisely, ignore sayings -- including this one.


If you drink, don't park.  Accidents make people.


Corrupt, stupid grasping functionaries will make at least as big a muddle
of socialism as stupid, selfish and acquisitive employers can make of
capitalism.
		-- Walter Lippmann


Hors d'oeuvres -- a ham sandwich cut into forty pieces.
		-- Jack Benny


Everyone wants results, but no one is willing to do what it takes
to get them.
		-- Dirty Harry


Don't remember what you can infer.
		-- Harry Tennant


If the future isn't what it used to be, does that
mean that the past is subject to change in times to come?


As he had feared, his orders had been forgotten and everyone had brought
the potato salad.


Q:	What's white and crawls up your leg?
A:	Uncle Ben's Perverted Rice.


It's the thought, if any, that counts!


As the poet said, "Only God can make a tree" -- probably
because it's so hard to figure out how to get the bark on.
		-- Woody Allen


	A doctor, an architect, and a computer scientist were arguing about
whose profession was the oldest.  In the course of their arguments, they
got all the way back to the Garden of Eden, whereupon the doctor said, "The
medical profession is clearly the oldest, because Eve was made from Adam's
rib, as the story goes, and that was a simply incredible surgical feat."
	The architect did not agree.  He said, "But if you look at the Garden
itself, in the beginning there was chaos and void, and out of that the Garden
and the world were created.  So God must have been an architect."
	The computer scientist, who'd listened carefully to all of this, then
commented, "Yes, but where do you think the chaos came from?"


Welcome to Utah.
If you think our liquor laws are funny, you should see our underwear!


	A farmer decides that his three sows should be bred, and contacts a
buddy down the road, who owns several boars.  They agree on a stud fee, and
the farmer puts the sows in his pickup and takes them down the road to the
boars.  He leaves them all day, and when he picks them up that night, asks
the man how he can tell if it "took" or not.  The breeder replies that if,
the next morning, the sows were grazing on grass, they were pregnant, but if
they were rolling in the mud as usual, they probably weren't.
	Comes the morn, the sows are rolling in the mud as usual, so the
farmer puts them in the truck and brings them back for a second full day of
frolic.  This continues for a week, since each morning the sows are rolling
in the mud.
	Around the sixth day, the farmer wakes up and tells his wife, "I
don't have the heart to look again.  This is getting ridiculous.  You check
today."  With that, the wife peeks out the bedroom window and starts to laugh.
	"What is it?" asks the farmer excitedly.  "Are they grazing at last?"
	"Nope." replies his wife.  "Two of them are jumping up and down in
the back of your truck, and the other one is honking the horn!"


Q:	How many heterosexual males does it take to screw in a light
	bulb, in San Francisco?
A:	Both of them.


All his life he has looked away... to the horizon, to the sky,
to the future.  Never his mind on where he was, on what he was doing.
		-- Yoda


I don't want a pickle,
I just wanna ride on my motorcycle.
And I don't want to die,
I just want to ride on my motorcycle.
		-- Arlo Guthrie


The perfect friend sees the best in you -- sees it constantly --
not just when you occasionally are that way, but also when you
waver, when you forget yourself, act like less than you are.
In time, you become more like his vision of you -- which is the
person you have always wanted to be.
		-- Nancy Friday


You can drive a horse to water, but a pencil must be lead.


Q:	What do you call the scratches that you get when a female
	sheep bites you?
A:	Ewe nicks.


Because the wine remembers.


I try to keep an open mind, but not so open that my brains fall out.
		-- Judge Harold T. Stone


Hitler used methods against white men in Europe, which by tacit
agreement between the cultural European nations were only to be
used against the coloured.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


What garlic is to salad, insanity is to art.


A mouse is a device used to point at the xterm you want to type in.


Advice from an old carpenter: measure twice, saw once.


Snow White:
	"Gee guys, I've always dreamed of getting ten inches...
	but not an inch-and-a-half at a time!"


Falling in love is a lot like dying.
You never get to do it enough to become good at it.


A kind of Batman of contemporary letters.
		-- Philip Larkin on Anthony Burgess


Who loves not wisely but too well
Will look on Helen's face in hell,
But he whose love is thin and wise
Will view John Knox in Paradise.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Double Bucky, you're the one,
You make my keyboard so much fun,
Double Bucky, an additional bit or two, (Vo-vo-de-o)
Control and meta, side by side,
Augmented ASCII, 9 bits wide!
Double Bucky, a half a thousand glyphs, plus a few!

Oh, I sure wish that I,
Had a couple of bits more!
Perhaps a set of pedals to make the number of bits four.

Double Double Bucky!  Double Bucky left and right
OR'd together, outta sight!
Double Bucky, I'd like a whole word of,
Double Bucky, I'm happy I heard of,
Double Bucky, I'd like a whole word of you!
		-- to Niklaus Wirth, who suggested that an extra bit
		   be added to terminal codes on 36-bit machines for use
		   by screen editors.  [to the tune of "Rubber Ducky"]


Programming is an unnatural act.


