Never buy from a rich salesman.
		-- Goldenstern


Man's horizons are bounded by his vision.


A person forgives only when they are in the wrong.


Some scholars are like donkeys, they merely carry a lot of books.
		-- Folk saying


Most general statements are false, including this one.
		-- Alexander Dumas


An excellence-oriented '80s male does not wear a regular watch.  He wears
a Rolex watch, because it weighs nearly six pounds and is advertised
only in excellence-oriented publications such as Fortune and Rich
Protestant Golfer Magazine.  The advertisements are written in
incomplete sentences, which is how advertising copywriters denote
excellence:

"The Rolex Hyperion.  An elegant new standard in quality excellence and
discriminating handcraftsmanship.  For the individual who is truly able
to discriminate with regard to excellent quality standards of crafting
things by hand.  Fabricated of 100 percent 24-karat gold.  No watch
parts or anything.  Just a great big chunk on your wrist.  Truly a
timeless statement.  For the individual who is very secure.  Who
doesn't need to be reminded all the time that he is very successful.
Much more successful than the people who laughed at him in high
school.  Because of his acne.  People who are probably nowhere near as
successful as he is now.  Maybe he'll go to his 20th reunion, and
they'll see his Rolex Hyperion.  Hahahahahahahahaha."
		-- Dave Barry, "In Search of Excellence"


QOTD:
	"Money isn't everything, but at least it keeps the kids in touch."


Seleznick's Theory of Holistic Medicine:
	Ice Cream cures all ills.  Temporarily.


The end of the world will occur at 3:00 p.m., this Friday, with
symposium to follow.


HOLY MACRO!


Accidents cause History.

If Sigismund Unbuckle had taken a walk in 1426 and met Wat Tyler, the
Peasant's Revolt would never have happened and the motor car would not
have been invented until 2026, which would have meant that all the oil
could have been used for lamps, thus saving the electric light bulb and
the whale, and nobody would have caught Moby Dick or Billy Budd.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Man, n.:
	An animal so lost in rapturous contemplation of what he thinks
	he is as to overlook what he indubitably ought to be.  His chief
	occupation is extermination of other animals and his own
	species, which, however, multiplies with such insistent rapidity
	as to infest the whole habitable earth and Canada.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Life is like a sewer.
What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
		-- Tom Lehrer


The reward for working hard is more hard work.


FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #31

A:	Chicken Teriyaki.
Q:	What is the name of the world's oldest kamikaze pilot?


When the English language gets in my way, I walk over it.
		-- Billy Sunday


Chess tonight.


If I had done everything I'm credited with, I'd be speaking to you from
a laboratory jar at Harvard.
		-- Frank Sinatra

AS USUAL, YOUR INFORMATION STINKS.
		-- Frank Sinatra, telegram to "Time" magazine


Your sister swims out to meet troop ships.


COMMENT:
	A superfluous element of a source program included so the
	programmer can remember what the hell it was he was doing
	six months later.  Only the weak-minded need them, according
	to those who think they aren't.


Rudd's Discovery:
	You know that any senator or congressman could go home and make
	$300,000 to $400,000, but they don't.  Why?  Because they can
	stay in Washington and make it there.


Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms
with the victims he intends to eat until he eats them.
		-- Samuel Butler (1835-1902)


When speculation has done its worst, two plus two still equals four.
		-- S. Johnson


It'll be just like Beggars Canyon back home.
		-- Luke Skywalker


Q:	What's the difference between USL and the Titanic?
A:	The Titanic had a band.


Love may laugh at locksmiths, but he has a profound respect for money bags.
		-- Sidney Paternoster, "The Folly of the Wise"


The husband was disturbed by his wife's indifferent attitude towards him
and the marriage counselor suggested he try being more aggressive in his
lovemaking.
	"Act more like a romantic lover and less like a bored spouse," he
was advised.  "When you go home, make love to her as soon as you meet --
even if it's right inside the front door."
	At the next consultation, the adviser was pleased to hear that the
husband had followed his instructions.  "And how did she react this time?"
the consultant asked.
	"Well, to tell you the truth," the husband replied, "she was still
sort of indifferent.  But one thing I've got to admit: her bridge club went
absolutely wild!"


	"That wife of mine is a liar," said the angry husband to a
sympathetic pal seated next to him in a bar.
	"How do you know?" the friend asked.
	"She didn't come home last night, and when I asked her where
she'd been she said she'd spent the night with her sister Shirley."
	"So?"
	"So, she's a liar.  I spent the night with her sister Shirley."


He knows not how to know who knows not also how to unknow.
		-- Sir Richard Burton


Smoking a woman is like kissing a fish.


	Youth is not a time of life--it is a state of mind. It is not a
matter of red cheeks, red lips and supple knees. It is a temper of the
will; a quality of the imagination; a vigor of the emotions; it is a
freshness of the deep springs of life.  Youth means a tempermental
predominance of courage over timidity, of the appetite for adventure
over a life of ease.  This often exists in a man of fifty, more than in
a boy of twenty.  Nobody grows old by merely living a number of years;
people grow old by deserting their ideals.

	Years may wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles
the soul.  Worry, doubt, self-distrust, fear and despair--these are the
long, long years that bow the head and turn the growing spirit back to
dust.

	Whether seventy or sixteen, there is in every being's heart a
love of wonder; the sweet amazement at the stars and starlike things and
thoughts; the undaunted challenge of events, the unfailing childlike
appetite for what comes next, and the joy in the game of life.

	You are as young as your faith, as old as your doubt; as young
as your self-confidence, as old as your fear, as young as your hope, as
old as your despair.

	In the central place of your heart there is a wireless station.
So long as it receives messages of beauty, hope, cheer, grandeur,
courage, and power from the earth, from men and from the Infinite--so
long are you young.  When the wires are all down and the central places
of your heart are covered with the snows of pessimism and the ice of
cynicism, then are you grown old, indeed!
		-- Samuel Ullman, "Youth" (1934), as published in
		   The Silver Treasury, Prose and Verse for Every Mood


Send lawyers, guns, and money,
The shit has hit the fan.
		-- Warren Zevon


People who have what they want are very fond of telling people who haven't
what they want that they don't want it.
		-- Ogden Nash


"These are DARK TIMES for all mankind's HIGHEST VALUES!"
"These are DARK TIMES for FREEDOM and PROSPERITY!"
"These are GREAT TIMES to put your money on BAD GUY to kick the CRAP
out of MEGATON MAN!"


The Almighty in His infinite wisdom did not see
fit to create Frenchmen in the image of Englishmen.
		-- Winston Churchill, 1942


COCAINE:
	The thinking man's Dristan.


Don't get mad, get interest.


Sheriff Chameleotoptor sighed with an air of weary sadness, and then
turned to Doppelgutt and said 'The Senator must really have been on a
bender this time -- he left a party in Cleveland, Ohio, at 11:30 last
night, and they found his car this morning in the smokestack of a British
aircraft carrier in the Formosa Straits.'
		-- Grand Panjandrum's Special Award, 1985 Bulwer-Lytton
		   bad fiction contest.


	Elroy stared at Barb and then leaned quietly over to Shake Tiller
and stuck out his hand.  "Son," he said.  "Tell the truth.  It ain't better
than fried chicken, is it?"
	Shake looked solemnly at Elroy, clasping his hand, and said:
	"I got to be dead honest, Roy."
	And Elroy said yeah, lay it on him.
	Shake said slowly, "For a Lesbian who gave up the only real love she
ever knew -- Sister Francis at Our Lady of Victory -- and for a person who
can't make it any more with nothing but an electric toothbrush, she's the
finest I've ever had."
		-- Dan Jenkins, "Semi-Tough"


Cats are smarter than dogs.  You can't make eight cats pull
a sled through the snow.


Luser, n.:
	Someone who picks up a female
	hitch-hiker walking home from a date.


Q:	What did the little ghetto-dweller get for Christmas?
A:	Your bicycle.


If you wish to be happy for one hour, get drunk.
If you wish to be happy for three days, get married.
If you wish to be happy for a month, kill your pig and eat it.
If you wish to be happy forever, learn to fish.
		-- Chinese proverb


Nuke the gay, unborn, baby whales for Jesus.


Don't tell me that worry doesn't do any good.
I know better. The things I worry about don't happen.
		-- Watchman Examiner


It is difficult to legislate morality in the absence of moral legislators.


I have ways of making money that you know nothing of.
		-- John D. Rockefeller


A rolling disk gathers no MOS.


A racially integrated community is a chronological term timed from the
entrance of the first black family to the exit of the last white family.
		-- Saul Alinsky


Politics and the fate of mankind are formed by men without ideals and
without greatness. Those who have greatness within them do not go in
for politics.
		-- Albert Camus


When the fog came in on little cat feet last night, it left these little
muddy paw prints on the hood of my car.


Sleep -- the most beautiful experience in life -- except drink.
		-- W. C. Fields


Two men are in a hot-air balloon.  Soon, they find themselves lost in a
canyon somewhere.  One of the three men says, "I've got an idea.  We can
call for help in this canyon and the echo will carry our voices to the
end of the canyon.  Someone's bound to hear us by then!"
	So he leans over the basket and screams out, "Helllloooooo!  Where
are we?"  (They hear the echo several times).
	Fifteen minutes later, they hear this echoing voice: "Helllloooooo!
You're lost!"
	The shouter comments, "That must have been a mathematician."
	Puzzled, his friend asks, "Why do you say that?"
	"For three reasons.  First, he took a long time to answer, second,
he was absolutely correct, and, third, his answer was absolutely useless."


Always do right.  This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
		-- Mark Twain


Give your very best today.
Heaven knows it's little enough.


Q:	What do you say to a New Yorker with a job?
A:	Big Mac, fries and a Coke, please!


Finally, a reporter got a chance to interview Tarzan.

Reporter: Tarzan?  Is that your first or last name?
Tarzan:   Tarzan first name.
Reporter: Then, what's your whole name?
Tarzan:   Tarzan of the Apes.
Reporter: And who is the woman with you?
Tarzan:   That Jane.
Reporter: And what's Jane's whole name?
Tarzan:   Cunt.


My ritual differs slightly.  What I do, first thing [in the morning], is I
hop into the shower stall.  Then I hop right back out, because when I hopped
in I landed barefoot right on top of See Threepio, a little plastic robot
character from "Star Wars" whom my son, Robert, likes to pull the legs off
of while he showers.  Then I hop right back into the stall because our dog,
Earnest, who has been alone in the basement all night building up powerful
dog emotions, has come bounding and quivering into the bathroom and wants
to greet me with 60 or 70 thousand playful nips, any one of which -- bear
in mind that I am naked and, without my contact lenses, essentially blind
-- could result in the kind of injury where you have to learn a whole new
part if you want to sing the "Messiah," if you get my drift.  Then I hop
right back out, because Robert, with that uncanny sixth sense some children
have -- you cannot teach it; they either have it or they don't -- has chosen
exactly that moment to flush one of the toilets.  Perhaps several of them.
		-- Dave Barry


If you wish to succeed, consult three old people.


With every passing hour our solar system comes forty-three thousand
miles closer to globular cluster M13 in the constellation Hercules,
and still there are some misfits who continue to insist that there
is no such thing as progress.
		-- Ransom K. Ferm


If you notice that a person is deceiving you,
they must not be deceiving you very well.


It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one.


Once he had one leg in the White House and the nation trembled under his
roars.  Now he is a tinpot pope in the Coca-Cola belt and a brother to the
forlorn pastors who belabor halfwits in galvanized iron tabernacles behind
the railroad yards."
		-- H. L. Mencken, writing of William Jennings Bryan,
		   counsel for the supporters of Tennessee's anti-evolution
		   law at the Scopes "Monkey Trial" in 1925.


I'm free -- and freedom tastes of reality.


'Twas a woman who drove me to drink,
and I never even had the decency to thank her.
		-- R. B. Gossling


Common sense is instinct, and enough of it is genius.
		-- Josh Billings


Q:	Why did the lone ranger kill Tonto?
A:	He found out what "kemosabe" really means.


When you are at Rome live in the Roman style;
when you are elsewhere live as they live elsewhere.
		-- St. Ambrose


You can have a dog as a friend.  You can have whiskey as a friend.  But
if you have a woman as a friend, you're going to wind up drunk and kissing
your dog.
		-- foolin' around


David was just a shepherd who liked to get his rocks off in leather.


SCORPIO (Oct.24 - Nov.21)
	You will receive word today that you are eligible to win a million
	dollars in prizes.  It will be from a magazine trying to get you to
	subscribe, and you're just dumb enough to think you've got a chance
	to win.  You never learn.


Your Co-worker Could Be a Space Alien, Say Experts
		...Here's How You Can Tell
Many Americans work side by side with space aliens who look human -- but you
can spot these visitors by looking for certain tip-offs, say experts. They
listed 10 signs to watch for:
    #3. Bizarre sense of humor.  Space aliens who don't understand
	earthly humor may laugh during a company training film or tell
	jokes that no one understands, said Steiger.
    #6. Misuses everyday items.  "A space alien may use correction
	fluid to paint its nails," said Steiger.
    #8. Secretive about personal life-style and home.  "An alien won't
	discuss details or talk about what it does at night or on weekends."
   #10. Displays a change of mood or physical reaction when near certain
	high-tech hardware.  "An alien may experience a mood change when
	a microwave oven is turned on," said Steiger.
The experts pointed out that a co-worker would have to display most if not
all of these traits before you can positively identify him as a space alien.
		-- National Enquirer, Michael Cassels, August, 1984

	[I thought everybody laughed at company training films.  Ed.]


Newton's Fourth Law:  Every action has an equal and opposite satisfaction.


Yeah, that's me, Tracer Bullet.  I've got eight slugs in me.  One's lead,
the rest bourbon.  The drink packs a wallop, and I pack a revolver.  I'm
a private eye.
		-- Calvin


One day on a busy street corner a huge, burly looking man walked up to a police
officer and asks, "Thcuse me offither, can you tell me where thidee-thid, and
thacramento ith?"
	The police officer didn't reply at all, but just looked away.
	The large man then asked again, but still no reply.  After a few more
attempts which the police officer studiously ignored, the frustrated man
walked away.  An onlooking pedestrian then walked up to the officer and asked,
"Officer, why didn't you tell that man where thirty-third and Sacramento was?"  The police officer replied,
	"Thure, thure, and dit the thit ticked out of me!"


Why do mathematicians insist on using words that already have another
meaning?  "It is the complex case that is easier to deal with."  "If it
doesn't happen at a corner, but at an edge, it nonetheless happens at a
corner."


The truth about a man lies first and foremost in what he hides.
		-- Andre Malraux


If God didn't mean for us to juggle, tennis balls wouldn't come three
to a can.


All I want is a girl made of wood,
With fine-grained hair and carven knee.
She wouldn't drink and wouldn't smoke,
Oh, wooden tit be loverly?
		-- Pinocchio


A woman is like a dresser ... some man always goin' through her
drawers.
		-- Blind Lemon Pledge


A lanky Texan was mad because Texas had just become the second largest state in
the Union, so he made up his mind to move to Alaska.  He drove for three days
and three nights to get there and finally he came to what looked like the state
line.  He halted his car and walked up to the border guard.  "Hi, there!  How
do I become a resident of this here biggest state?" demanded the Texan.
	The guard looked him up and down and grinned.  "Waal," he answered,
there are three things you gotta do to get in.  First, drink down a quart of
110 proof corn liquor without blinkin'.  Second, kill a grizzly bear, and
third, make love to an Eskimo woman."
	"Sounds easy enough," said the Texan.  "Where can I get a quart of
this here corn liquor?"
	"Got one right here," replied the guard.
	The Texan gulped down the whiskey without batting an eyelash.
"Now, do you happen to know where I can find me a grizzly?"
	"Yep," answered the guard, "there's a big b'ar over that way, 'bout
a mile... lives in a cave on that cliff."
	The Texan lurched merrily off.  About an hour later he returned
with his clothes almost torn off and his face scratched and bloody.  He was
smiling happily.  "Now," he roared, "where's that damn Eskimo woman you
want killed?"


We've just received the results of a survey conducted to ascertain the
various reasons men get out of bed in the middle of the night.  According
to the report, 2% are motivated by a desire to visit the bathroom, and
3% have an urge to raid the refrigerator.  The other 95% get up to go home.


The Ancient Doctrine of Mind Over Matter:
	I don't mind... and you don't matter.

		-- As revealed to reporter G. Rivera by Swami Havabanana


One man's folly is another man's wife.
		-- Helen Rowland


CHRISTMAS:
	A time when each of us gets to reflect upon what we each most
	deeply and sincerely believe in.  Money.  At the mall of our
	choice.


No one gets sick on Wednesdays.


T-shirt:
	Life is *not* a Cabaret, and stop calling me chum!


A clash of doctrine is not a disaster - it is an opportunity.


Promising costs nothing, it's the delivering that kills you.


In order to discover who you are, first learn who everybody else is;
you're what's left.


The brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working the moment
you get up in the morning, and does not stop until you get to work.


Q:	How do you know your elephant had her period?
A:	There's a nickel on your dresser and your mattress is missing.


He who laughs, lasts.


It is better to have loved a short man than never to have loved a tall.


You can always pick up your needle and move to another groove.
		-- Tim Leary


I once was annoyed by a queer
Who made his intentions quite clear.
	Said I, "I'm no prude,
	So don't think me rude,
But I'm already stewed, screwed, and tattooed."


Oh, baby, put two fingers here and one finger there and call me bitch.


Hark, Hark, the dogs do bark
The Duke is fond of kittens
He likes to take their insides out
And use them for his mittens
		-- "The 13 Clocks"


Q:	What do little WASPs want to be when they grow up?
A:	The very best person they can possibly be.


Boston, n.:
	An outdoor Betty Ford Clinic.


Ambition, n.:
	An overmastering desire to be vilified by enemies while
	living and made ridiculous by friends when dead.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


New York's got the ways and means;
Just won't let you be.
		-- The Grateful Dead


	NEW YORK -- Kraft Foods, Inc. announced today that its board of
directors unanimously rejected the $11 billion takeover bid by Philip
Morris and Co. A Kraft spokesman stated in a press conference that the
offer was rejected because the $90-per-share bid did not reflect the
true value of the company.
	Wall Street insiders, however, tell quite a different story.
Apparently, the Kraft board of directors had all but signed the takeover
agreement when they learned of Philip Morris' marketing plans for one of
their major Middle East subsidiaries.  To a person, the board voted to
reject the bid when they discovered that the tobacco giant intended to
reorganize Israeli Cheddar, Ltd., and name the new company Cheeses of
Nazareth.


Money may buy friendship but money cannot buy love.


Your picture of the world often changes just before you get it into focus.


If I traveled to the end of the rainbow
As Dame Fortune did intend,
Murphy would be there to tell me
The pot's at the other end.
		-- Bert Whitney


If you have seen one city slum you have seen them all.
		-- Spiro Agnew


When pleasure remains, does it remain a pleasure?


If there is any realistic deterrent to marriage, it's the fact that you
can't afford divorce.
		-- Jack Nicholson


