Lincoln was elected to Congress in 1846.
Kennedy exactly one hundred years later in 1946.

Lincoln was elected president in November 1860.
Kennedy in November 1960.

Lincoln had a secretary named Kennedy who urged him not to go to
the theatre.
Kennedy had a secretary named Lincoln who advised against his going
to Dallas.

Booth shot Lincoln in a theatre and ran off into a warehouse.
Oswald shot Kennedy from a warehouse and ran off into a theatre.

Lincoln was succeeded by a Southerner named Johnson.
Kennedy was succeeded by a Southerner named Johnson.

The first Johnson was born in 1808.
The second Johnson was born in 1908.

		-- Alistair Cooke, "Letter From America", Nov. 26, 2001


In Corning, Iowa, it's a misdemeanor for a man to ask his wife to ride
in any motor vehicle.


COLORADO:
	Where they don't buy M & M's, 'cause they're so hard to peel.


I either want less decadence or more chance to participate in it.


Cursor address, n.:
	"Hello, cursor!"
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
		-- Wittgenstein


You can't erase a dream, you can only wake me up.
		-- Peter Frampton


"I don't think so," said Ren'e Descartes.  Just then, he vanished.


Once upon a time there was a little girl named Little Red Riding Hood.  One
fine morning she decided to visit her Grandmother, so she put a freshly baked
cake and a .357 magnum into her basket and set off through the forest.  When
she got there, what should she find but a big black wolf in the bed, who
jumped up, grabbed her and snarled, "I'm going to fuck you until the sun goes
down."
	So Little Red Riding Hood whipped out the .357 and said, "Oh, no,
you're not!  You're going to eat me just like the story says!"


Q:	How many Democrats does it take to enjoy a good joke?
A:	One more than you can find.


"Hell, no," said the Duchess of Quick,
"I won't suck his filthy old prick!
	It's not that I funk
	At a mouthful of spunk,
But the smell of his ass makes me sick!"


Speak roughly to your little boy,
	And beat him when he sneezes:
He only does it to annoy
	Because he knows it teases.

	Wow!  wow!  wow!

I speak severely to my boy,
	And beat him when he sneezes:
For he can thoroughly enjoy
	The pepper when he pleases!

	Wow!  wow!  wow!
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


Breeding rabbits is a hare raising experience.


When you are in it up to your ears, keep your mouth shut.


A real diplomat is one who can cut his neighbor's throat without having
his neighbor notice it.
		-- Trygve Lie


Fourth Law of Applied Terror:
	The night before the English History mid-term, your Biology
	instructor will assign 200 pages on planaria.

Corollary:
	Every instructor assumes that you have nothing else to do except
	study for that instructor's course.


Booze is the answer.  I don't remember the question.


System going down at 1:45 this afternoon for disk crashing.


A man's best friend is his dogma.


Q:	What does it say on the bottom of Coke cans in North Dakota?
A:	Open other end.


The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the
average man can see better than he can think.


The price of seeking to force our beliefs on others is that someday
they might force their beliefs on us.
		-- Mario Cuomo


Much to his Mum and Dad's dismay, Horace ate himself one day.
He didn't stop to say his grace, he just sat down and ate his face.
"We can't have this!" his Dad declared, "If that lad's ate, he should
	be shared."
But even as he spoke they saw Horace eating more and more:
First his legs and then his thighs, his arms, his nose, his hair, his eyes...
"Stop him someone!" Mother cried, "Those eyeballs would be better fried!"
But all too late, for they were gone, and he had started on his dong...
"Oh! foolish child!" the father mourns "You could have deep-fried that
	with prawns,
Some parsley and some tartar sauce..."
But H. was on his second course: his liver and his lights and lung,
His ears, his neck, his chin, his tongue; "To think I raised him from the cot,
And now he's going to scoff the lot!"
His Mother cried: "What shall we do?  What's left won't even make a stew..."
And as she wept, her son was seen, to eat his head, his heart his spleen.
and there he lay: a boy no more, just a stomach on the floor...
None the less, since it *was* his, they ate it -- that's what haggis is.


Sex is about as important as a cheese sandwich.  But a cheese sandwich,
if you ain't got one to put in your belly, is extremely important.
		-- Ian Dury


A husband is what is left of the lover after the nerve has been extracted.
		-- Helen Rowland


It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be
privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to
corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


I truly wish I could be a great surgeon or philosopher or author or anything
constructive, but in all honesty I'd rather turn up my amplifier full blast
and drown myself in the noise.
		-- Charles Schmid, the "Tucson Murderer"


God is not dead.  He is alive and well and working on a
much less ambitious project.


A tautology is a thing which is tautological.


Due to a shortage of devoted followers, the
production of great leaders has been discontinued.


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #15

	"Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses."
	And while you're at it, throw in a couple of those Dallas
	Cowboy cheerleaders.


Virtue is not left to stand alone.
He who practices it will have neighbors.
		-- Confucius


Line Printer paper is strongest at the perforations.


Ever Onward!  Ever Onward!
We're bound for the top to never fall,
Right here and now we thankfully
Pledge sincerest loyalty
To the corporation that's the best of all
Our leaders we revere and while we're here,
Let's show the world just what we think of them!
So let us sing men -- Sing men
Once or twice, then sing again
For the Ever Onward IBM!
		-- Ever Onward, from the 1940 IBM Songbook


When you dial a wrong number you never get a busy signal.


There is no sin but ignorance.
		-- Christopher Marlowe


There's so much to say but your eyes keep interrupting me.


To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


University politics are vicious precisely because the stakes are so small.
		-- Henry Kissinger


	A grade school teacher was asking students what their parents did
for a living.  "Tim, you be first," she said.  "What does your mother do
all day?"
	Tim stood up and proudly said, "She's a doctor."
	"That's wonderful.  How about you, Amie?"
	Amie shyly stood up, scuffed her feet and said, "My father is a
mailman."
	"Thank you, Amie," said the teacher.  "What about your father, Billy?"
	Billy proudly stood up and announced, "My daddy plays piano in a
whorehouse."
	The teacher was aghast and promptly changed the subject to geography.
Later that day she went to Billy's house and rang the bell.  Billy's father
answered the door.  The teacher explained what his son had said and demanded
an explanation.
	Billy's father replied, "Well, I'm really an attorney.  But how do
you explain a thing like that to a seven-year-old child?"


We love our little Johnny
He's the best little boy in all the world
And we wouldn't trade him for anything
That's how much we love him.
No, we couldn't live without him
So that's why, since he died,
We keep him safe in our G.E. freezer.
He's so good, so well-behaved,
Even better than before;
Oh, such a wonderful kid he is.
Alice and me, we'll never be lonely,
Never miss our little Johnny,
He'll never grow up and leave us
That's why we love him like we do.
		-- Mr. Mincemeat


Q:	What do you get when you cross a rooster with a telephone pole?
A:	A thirty foot cock that wants to reach out and touch someone!


	Four Oxford dons were taking their evening walk together and as
usual, were engaged in casual but learned conversation.  On this particular
evening, their conversation was about the names given to groups of animals,
such as a "pride of lions" or a "gaggle of geese."
	One of the professors noticed a group of prostitutes down the block,
and posed the question, "What name would be given to that group?"  The four
fell into silence for a moment, as they pondered the possibilities...
	At last, one spoke: "How about 'a Jam of Tarts'?"  The others nodded
in acknowledgment as they continued to consider the problem.  A second
professor spoke: "I'd suggest 'an Essay of Trollops.'"  Again, the others
nodded.  A third spoke: "I propose 'a Flourish of Strumpets.'"
	They continued their walk in silence, until the first professor
remarked to the remaining professor, who was the most senior and learned of
the four, "You haven't suggested a name for our ladies.  What are your
thoughts?"
	Replied the fourth professor, "'An Anthology of Prose.'"


Eating chocolate is like being in love without the aggravation.


Lost: gray and white female cat.
Answers to electric can opener.


	Every morning, the crowd on Coney Island beach was startled to see
a jogger with the build of a pro football player but a head the size of a
baseball.  Finally, some brave young man got up the nerve to stop him and
ask, "What happened to give you such a small head?"
	The jogger sadly told the story of finding a magic lamp on the beach,
which produced a beautiful genie when rubbed.  The genie said, "I now give
you one wish.  Do you want a quick fuck or a little head?"


The seven year itch comes from fooling around during the fourth, fifth,
and sixth years.


Forgive him,
for he believes that the customs of his tribe are the laws of nature!
		-- George Bernard Shaw


I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I've ever known.
		-- Walt Disney


The chains of marriage are so heavy that it takes two to carry them, and
sometimes three.
		-- Alexandre Dumas


Human resources are human first, and resources second.
		-- J. Garbers


//GO.SYSIN DD *, DOODAH, DOODAH


Many a man that can't direct you to a corner drugstore will
get a respectful hearing when age has further impaired his mind.
		-- Finley Peter Dunne


Sank heaven for leetle curls.


Out of the crooked timber of humanity no straight thing can ever be made.
		-- Immanuel Kant


	The old mailman is making his last rounds; he retires at the end of
the week.  As he approaches the Jones' house, Mrs. Jones greets him warmly at
the door.  "Please come in!  We're very grateful for your years of service to
us and our neighborhood.  I've prepared something special for you."
	In walks the mailman, to a graciously appointed dining room, where
Mrs. Jones has prepared a sumptuous lunch.  After dumping his letter satchel
on the couch, he and Mrs. Jones have a charming meal.  As the mailman finished
his last glass of wine, thanking his hostess profusely, she stops him from
leaving and disappears upstairs.  She returns in a moment, in a daring
negligee, and takes the astonished postman to the bedroom, where the elaborate
farewell is consummated between the sheets.
	As he's putting his pants on, Mrs. Jones reaches into her nightstand,
pulls out a dollar bill, and hands it to him.  Reacting to his astonished
look, she says, "Well, I told my husband that you were retiring and that
we should do something for you.  He said 'Fuck him.  Give him a dollar!'"
She pauses and smiles proudly. "The lunch was MY idea."


An idealist is one who helps the other fellow to make a profit.
		-- Henry Ford


Q:	Where does Catwoman go for a good time?
A:	To the batpoles, Robin!


The best way to make a fire with two sticks is to make sure one of them
is a match.
		-- Will Rogers


Your love life will be happy and harmonious.


Coward, n.:
	One who in a perilous emergency thinks with his legs.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Printers do it without wrinkling the sheets.


The pleasure is momentary,
The position ridiculous,
The expense damnable.
		-- Chesterfield, on sex


Bell Labs Unix -- Reach out and grep someone.


The English instinctively admire any man
who has no talent and is modest about it.
		-- James Agate, British film and drama critic


Your goose is cooked.
(Your current chick is burned up too!)


Another megabytes the dust.


One of the oldest problems puzzled over in the Talmud is: "Why did God
create goyim?"  The generally accepted answer is "_s_o_m_e_b_o_d_y has to buy
retail."
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


MOCK APPLE PIE (No Apples Needed)

  Pastry to two crust 9-inch pie	36 RITZ Crackers
2 cups water				 2 cups sugar
2 teaspoons cream of tartar		 2 tablespoons lemon juice
  Grated rind of one lemon		   Butter or margarine
  Cinnamon

Roll out bottom crust of pastry and fit into 9-inch pie plate.  Break
RITZ Crackers coarsely into pastry-lined plate.  Combine water, sugar
and cream of tartar in saucepan, boil gently for 15 minutes.  Add lemon
juice and rind.  Cool.  Pour this syrup over Crackers, dot generously
with butter or margarine and sprinkle with cinnamon.  Cover with top
crust.  Trim and flute edges together.  Cut slits in top crust to let
steam escape.  Bake in a hot oven (425 F) 30 to 35 minutes, until crust
is crisp and golden.  Serve warm.  Cut into 6 to 8 slices.
		-- Found lurking on a Ritz Crackers box


Equality is not when a female Einstein gets promoted to assistant
professor; equality is when a female schlemiel moves ahead as fast as a
male schlemiel.
		-- Ewald Nyquist


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Man:

 1. A beer will never invite friends home for dinner without calling.
 2. A beer won't think less of you if you can't name the Steelers'
	quarterback.
 3. A beer won't even act amazed if you can.
 4. You don't have to let a beer win.
 5. Just because you have dinner with a beer doesn't mean you have to
	sleep with it, too.
 6. A beer helps with the housework.
 7. A beer will never fumble with your bra.
 8. A beer will never take the newspaper apart before you've read it.
 9. A beer doesn't want you to raise its children.
10. A beer wouldn't mind if you wanted it to wear a condom.


He who laughs has not yet heard the bad news.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


Sherry [Thomas Sheridan] is dull, naturally dull; but it must have taken
him a great deal of pains to become what we now see him.  Such an excess
of stupidity, sir, is not in Nature.
		-- Samuel Johnson


When a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far!


Endless Loop: n.	see Loop, Endless.
Loop, Endless: n.	see Endless Loop.
		-- Random Shack Data Processing Dictionary


It's a very *_U_N*lucky week in which to be took dead.
		-- Churchy La Femme


Buffy:	How do you get to be renowned?  I mean like, do you have to be
	nowned first?
Willow:	Yes.  First there is the painful nowning process.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Freshman"
		   Season 1, Episode 1


Have you heard of those trollops of Birmingham
And the scandal that's currently concerning'em?
	How they lift the frock
	And tickle the cock
Of the bishop while he was confirming 'em?


Dammit Jim, I'm an actor not a doctor.


The best you get is an even break.
		-- Franklin Adams


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(4) Peace does not mean the absence of war.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


He boil my first cabbage, make it awfully hot,
But when he put in the bacon, oooh, you know it overflow the pot.
		-- Bessie Smith, "Empty Bed Blues"


It's not hard to admit errors that are [only] cosmetically wrong.
		-- J. K. Galbraith


Poisoned coffee, n.:
	Grounds for divorce.


Nirvana?  That's the place where the powers
that be and their friends hang out.
		-- Zonker Harris


I don't have any solution but I certainly admire the problem.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


If you can't be good, be careful.
If you can't be careful, give me a call.


Computers are not intelligent.  They only think they are.


Comedy, like Medicine, was never meant to be practiced by the general public.


FORTRAN is not a flower but a weed -- it is hardy,
occasionally blooms, and grows in every computer.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


Peter Wemm Murphy Field, n.:
	A field of abnormally frequent and severe Murphy's Law events
emanating from Mr. Peter Wemm.  The field was first discovered and
identified in Denmark during the initial FreeBSD SMP development.
Mr. Wemm was residing in Australia at the time.


** MAXIMUM TERMINALS ACTIVE.  TRY AGAIN LATER **


Laughing at you is like drop kicking a wounded humming bird.


		LEPROSY
Leprosy, all my skin is falling off of me.
I'm not half the man I used to be.
Oh, how did I get leprosy?

Syphilis, it all started with a simple kiss.
Now it even hurts to take a piss.
Oh why did I get syphilis?

Why'd she have VD?  I don't know, she wouldn't say.
I did something wrong, now I long for yesterday ...
		-- To the tune of "Yesterday"


HOST SYSTEM RESPONDING, PROBABLY UP...


No extensible language will be universal.
		-- T. Cheatham


LET Jesus be YOUR anchor!

So when Satan rocks your boat, THROW Jesus overboard!


The kind of danger people most enjoy is
the kind they can watch from a safe place.


Don't dip your wick in a WAC,
Don't ride the breast of a WAVE,
	Just sit in the sand
	And do it by hand,
And buy bonds with the money you save.


He who knows others is wise.
He who knows himself is enlightened.
		-- Lao Tsu


	"I will profane your fucking remains, E. B."
	"Not my remains, Al!"
	"Gabriel's trumpet will produce you from the ass of a pig."
		-- Al Swearingen, E. B. Farnum, _Deadwood_


That does not compute.


All of the true things I am about to tell you are shameless lies.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., "The Book of Bokonon"


Burke's Postulates:
	Anything is possible if you don't know what you are talking about.
	Don't create a problem for which you do not have the answer.


Out of the mouths of babes does often come cereal.


The little boy pointed to two dogs in the park and asked his father what
they were doing. "They're making puppies, son," replied the father.
	That night, the boy wandered into his parents' room while they were
making love.  Asked what they were doing, the father replied, "Making you
a baby brother."
	"Gee, Dad," the boy pleaded, "turn her over -- I'd rather have a
puppy."


In 1869 the waffle iron was invented for people who had wrinkled
waffles.


f u cn rd ths, u r prbbly a lsy spllr.


Well, I would -- if they realized that we -- again if -- if we led them
back to that stalemate only because our retaliatory power, our seconds,
or strike at them after our first strike, would be so destructive they
couldn't afford it, that would hold them off.
		-- President Ronald Reagan, on the MX missile


Q:	What's the difference between a cocker spaniel and a doberman
	pinscher humping your leg?
A:	You let the doberman finish.


Nachman's Rule:
	When it comes to foreign food, the less authentic the better.
		-- Gerald Nachman


Double Bucky, you're the one,
You make my keyboard so much fun,
Double Bucky, an additional bit or two, (Vo-vo-de-o)
Control and meta, side by side,
Augmented ASCII, 9 bits wide!
Double Bucky, a half a thousand glyphs, plus a few!

Oh, I sure wish that I,
Had a couple of bits more!
Perhaps a set of pedals to make the number of bits four.

Double Double Bucky!  Double Bucky left and right
OR'd together, outta sight!
Double Bucky, I'd like a whole word of,
Double Bucky, I'm happy I heard of,
Double Bucky, I'd like a whole word of you!
		-- to Niklaus Wirth, who suggested that an extra bit
		   be added to terminal codes on 36-bit machines for use
		   by screen editors.  [to the tune of "Rubber Ducky"]


Home is the place where, when you have to go there,
they have to take you in.
		-- Robert Frost, "The Death of the Hired Man"


Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of APL, I shall
fear no evil, for I can string six primitive monadic and dyadic
operators together.
		-- Steve Higgins


Williams and Holland's Law:
	If enough data is collected,
	anything may be proven by statistical methods.


Mason's First Law of Synergism:
The one day you'd sell your soul for something, souls are a glut.


Q:	What's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer?
A:	The taste.


I value kindness to human beings first of all, and kindness to animals.  I
don't respect the law; I have a total irreverence for anything connected
with society except that which makes the roads safer, the beer stronger,
the food cheaper, and old men and women warmer in the winter, and happier
in the summer.
		-- Brendan Behan


In a display of perverse brilliance, Carl the repairman mistakes a room
humidifier for a mid-range computer but manages to tie it into the network
anyway.
		-- The 5th Wave


   n = (n & 0x55555555) + ((n & 0xaaaaaaaa) >> 1);
   n = (n & 0x33333333) + ((n & 0xcccccccc) >> 2);
   n = (n & 0x0f0f0f0f) + ((n & 0xf0f0f0f0) >> 4);
   n = (n & 0x00ff00ff) + ((n & 0xff00ff00) >> 8);
   n = (n & 0x0000ffff) + ((n & 0xffff0000) >> 16);

		-- C code which counts the bits in a word


Bower's Law:
	Talent goes where the action is.


Absence is to love what wind is to fire.  It extinguishes the small,
it enkindles the great.


Drew's Law of Highway Biology:
	The first bug to hit a clean windshield
	lands directly in front of your eyes.


A perfectly honest woman, a woman who never flatters, who never manages,
who never cajoles, who never conceals, who never uses her eyes, who never
speculates on the effect which she produces, who never is conscious of
unspoken admiration, what a monster, I say, would such a female be!
		-- Thackeray


The husband was disturbed by his wife's indifferent attitude towards him
and the marriage counselor suggested he try being more aggressive in his
lovemaking.
	"Act more like a romantic lover and less like a bored spouse," he
was advised.  "When you go home, make love to her as soon as you meet --
even if it's right inside the front door."
	At the next consultation, the adviser was pleased to hear that the
husband had followed his instructions.  "And how did she react this time?"
the consultant asked.
	"Well, to tell you the truth," the husband replied, "she was still
sort of indifferent.  But one thing I've got to admit: her bridge club went
absolutely wild!"


Sometimes, too long is too long.
		-- Joe Crowe


My folks didn't come over on the Mayflower,
but they were there to meet the boat.


The unfacts, did we have them, are too
imprecisely few to warrant out certitude.


The answer to the question of Life, the Universe, and Everything is...

	Four day work week,
	Two ply toilet paper!


	A novice asked the master: "I have a program that sometimes runs and
sometimes aborts.  I have followed the rules of programming, yet I am totally
baffled. What is the reason for this?"
	The master replied: "You are confused because you do not understand
the Tao.  Only a fool expects rational behavior from his fellow humans.  Why
do you expect it from a machine that humans have constructed?  Computers
simulate determinism; only the Tao is perfect.
	The rules of programming are transitory; only the Tao is eternal.
Therefore you must contemplate the Tao before you receive enlightenment."
	"But how will I know when I have received enlightenment?" asked the
novice.
	"Your program will then run correctly," replied the master.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Safety Third.


Once, I read that a man be never stronger
than when he truly realizes how weak he is.
		-- Jim Starlin, "Captain Marvel #31"


And now, the Bing Crosby show, brought to you by the makers of Ex-Lax.
... a brief pause, and then Bing!


Why is it taking so long for her to bring out all the good in you?


The Law of the Letter:
	The best way to inspire fresh thoughts is to seal the envelope.


There are no games on this system.


Evening hours "all clear" for romance!
(Tell mate you have to work late.)


If the odds are a million to one against something
occurring, chances are 50-50 it will.


You have Egyptian flu: you're going to be a mummy.


A little experience often upsets a lot of theory.


There is a natural hootchy-kootchy to a goldfish.
		-- Walt Disney


Stone's Law:
	One man's "simple" is another man's "huh?"


I don't want a pickle,
I just wanna ride on my motorcycle.
And I don't want to die,
I just want to ride on my motorcycle.
		-- Arlo Guthrie


Advancement in position.


We'll have solar energy when the power companies develop a sunbeam meter.


I have never understood this liking for war.  It panders to instincts
already catered for within the scope of any respectable domestic
establishment.
		-- Alan Bennett


Q:	What's black and white and red all over?
A:	Two nuns in a chainsaw fight.


I trust the first lion he meets will do his duty.
		-- J. P. Morgan on Teddy Roosevelt's safari


The cost of feathers has risen, even down is up!


What they said:
	What they meant:

"You will be fortunate if you can get him to work for you."
	(We certainly never succeeded.)
There is no other employee with whom I can adequately compare him.
	(Well, our rats aren't really employees...)
"Success will never spoil him."
	(Well, at least not MUCH more.)
"One usually comes away from him with a good feeling."
	(And such a sigh of relief.)
"His dissertation is the sort of work you don't expect to see these days;
in it he has definitely demonstrated his complete capabilities."
	(And his IQ, as well.)
"He should go far."
	(The farther the better.)
"He will take full advantage of his staff."
	(He even has one of them mowing his lawn after work.)


ELECTRIC JELL-O

2   boxes JELL-O brand gelatin	2 packages Knox brand unflavored gelatin
2   cups fruit (any variety)	2+ cups water
1/2 bottle Everclear brand grain alcohol

Mix JELL-O and Knox gelatin into 2 cups of boiling water.  Stir 'til
	fully dissolved.
Pour hot mixture into a flat pan.  (JELL-O molds won't work.)
Stir in grain alcohol instead of usual cold water.  Remove any congealing
	glops of slime. (Alcohol has an unusual effect on excess JELL-O.)
Pour in fruit to desired taste, and to absorb any excess alcohol.
Mix in some cold water to dilute the alcohol and make it easier to eat for
	the faint of heart.
Refrigerate overnight to allow mixture to fully harden. (About 8-12 hours.)
Cut into squares and enjoy!

WARNING:
	Keep ingredients away from open flame.  Not recommended for
	children under eight years of age.


One day President Reagan, Chairman Andropov, the Pope, and a boy scout
were flying together in an airplane.  Right out in the middle of
nowhere the plane developed engine trouble and started to go down.
Unfortunately, only three parachutes could be found for the four
passengers!  Andropov grabbed one of the parachutes and declared
"Comrades, as leader of the socialist workers revolution, my life must
be spared," and he jumped out of the plane.  Then Reagan exclaimed "As
leader of the greatest nation on earth, I must keep the world safe for
democracy," and with that he too jumped to safety.  Now if you are
following all this (or counting on your fingers) you must see that
there is only one parachute left for the two remaining passengers.  The
Pope looked kindly upon the boy scout and said "I have had a long and
productive life, my son.  You take the parachute and leave me in God's
hands."  "That's very kind of you," the observant scout replied, "but
there is no need.  Reagan just jumped out with my knapsack."


I have a theory that it's impossible to prove anything,
but I can't prove it.


Any philosophy that can be put in a nutshell belongs there.
		-- Sydney J. Harris


Maybe if the guy who developed Twinkies hadn't had such a low
opinion of himself they would have been an inch or two longer!


You shall judge of a man by his foes as well as by his friends.
		-- Joseph Conrad


An elephant is a mouse with an operating system.


"You are old," said the youth, "as I mentioned before,
	And have grown most uncommonly fat;
Yet you turned a back-somersault in at the door --
	Pray what is the reason of that?"

"In my youth," said the sage, as he shook his grey locks,
	"I kept all my limbs very supple
By the use of this ointment -- one shilling the box --
	Allow me to sell you a couple?"
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


With listening comes wisdom, with speaking repentance.


I have discovered that all human evil comes from this, man's being unable
to sit still in a room.
		-- Blaise Pascal


If your life was a horse, you'd have to shoot it.


The trouble with computers is that they do
what you tell them, not what you want.
		-- D. Cohen


The only perfect science is hind-sight.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#14

Low Blows:
	Let's say a man and woman are watching a boxing match on TV.  One
of the boxers is felled by a low blow.  The woman says "Oh, gee.  That must
hurt." The man doubles over and actually FEELS the pain.

Dressing Up:
	A woman will dress up to go shopping, water the plants, empty the
garbage, answer the phone, read a book, get the mail.  A man will dress up
for: weddings, funerals.  Speaking of weddings, when reminiscing about
weddings, women talk about "the ceremony".  Men laugh about "the bachelor
party".

David Letterman:
	Men think David Letterman is the funniest man on the face of the
Earth.  Women think he is a mean, semi-dorky guy who always has a bad
haircut.


Never delay the ending of a meeting or the beginning of a cocktail hour.


The universe does not have laws -- it has habits, and habits can be
broken.


What segment's this, that, laid to rest
On FHA0, is sleeping?
What system file, lay here a while	This, this is "acct.run,"
While hackers around it were weeping?	Accounting file for everyone.
					Dump, dump it and type it out,
					The file, the highseg of login.
Why lies it here, on public disk
And why is it now unprotected?
A bug in incant, made it thus.		Mount, mount all your DECtapes now
And copy the file somehow, somehow.	The problem has not been corrected.
					Dump, dump it and type it out,
					The file, the highseg of login.
		-- to Greensleeves


10.0 times 0.1 is hardly ever 1.0.


Wouldn't this be a great world if being insecure and desperate were
a turn-on?
		-- "Broadcast News"


Oh this age!  How tasteless and ill-bred it is.
		-- Gaius Valerius Catullus


How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?
		-- Pink Floyd


