Man who sleep in beer keg wake up stickey.


"Wrong," said Renner.

"The tactful way," Rod said quietly, "the polite way to disagree with
the Senator would be to say, `That turns out not to be the case.'"


Cold hands, no gloves.


Today is the first day of the rest of your life.


Gravity is an unforgiving motherfucker.


Q:	Why do mountain climbers rope themselves together?
A:	To prevent the sensible ones from going home.


DEJA VU:
	French., already seen; unoriginal; trite.
	Psychol., The illusion of having previously experienced
	something actually being encountered for the first time.
	Psychol., The illusion of having previously experienced
	something actually being encountered for the first time.


You are in a maze of little twisting passages, all alike.


Lies!  All lies!  You're all lying against my boys!
		-- Ma Barker


This generation doesn't have emotional baggage.
We have emotional moving vans.
		-- Bruce Feirstein


By the yard, life is hard.
By the inch, it's a cinch.


God is dead and I don't feel all too well either....
		-- Ralph Moonen


The most important thing in a relationship between a man and a woman
is that one of them be good at taking orders.
		-- Linda Festa


PAIN:
	One thing, at least it proves that you're alive!


Famous last words:


A woman must be a cute, cuddly, naive little thing -- tender, sweet,
and stupid.
		-- Adolf Hitler


This is an especially good time for you vacationers who plan to fly,
because the Reagan administration, as part of the same policy under
which it recently sold Yellowstone National Park to Wayne Newton, has
"deregulated" the airline industry.  What this means for you, the
consumer, is that the airlines are no longer required to follow any
rules whatsoever.  They can show snuff movies.  They can charge for
oxygen.  They can hire pilots right out of Vending Machine Refill
Person School.  They can conserve fuel by ejecting husky passengers
over water.  They can ram competing planes in mid-air.  These
innovations have resulted in tremendous cost savings which have been
passed along to you, the consumer, in the form of flights with
amazingly low fares, such as $29.  Of course, certain restrictions do
apply, the main one being that all these flights take you to Newark,
and you must pay thousands of dollars if you want to fly back out.
		-- Dave Barry, "Iowa -- Land of Secure Vacations"


Women, when they have made a sheep of a man,
always tell him that he is a lion with a will of iron.
		-- Honore de Balzac


No man can have a reasonable opinion of women until he has long lost
interest in hair restorers.
		-- Austin O'Malley


Hear about...
	the fun-loving young lady who insists she won't even consider
	marriage until she's gotten some experience under her belt?


I used to have a drinking problem.
Now I love the stuff.


Don't tell any big lies today.  Small ones can be just as effective.


A great nation is any mob of people which produces at least one honest
man a century.


The townspeople stood in despair as the fire that had begun in a diner
threatened to spread to adjoining homes.  Just then, a truck filled with
farm workers came speeding down a hill toward the fire.  The crowd moved
back and the truck drove right into the thickest of the flames.  The workers
jumped out and beat at the fire with their coats, miraculously bringing the
blaze under control.
	The city fathers were so grateful for the men's heroism that they
gave each a plaque and $1000.  After the ceremony, newsmen interviewed the
driver and asked him what he was going to do with the money.
	"You can be damned sure the first thing I'm gonna do," he replied,
"is get the brakes fixed on that son-of-a-bitchin' truck!"


A Tale of Two Cities LITE(tm)
	-- by Charles Dickens

	A man in love with a girl who loves another man who looks just
	like him has his head chopped off in France because of a mean
	lady who knits.

Crime and Punishment LITE(tm)
	-- by Fyodor Dostoyevsky

	A man sends a nasty letter to a pawnbroker, but later
	feels guilty and apologizes.

The Odyssey LITE(tm)
	-- by Homer

	After working late, a valiant warrior gets lost on his way home.


If God had meant for us to be naked, we would have been born that way.


Did you know that the voice tapes easily identify the Russian pilot
that shot down the Korean jet?  At one point he definitely states:

	"Natasha!  First we shoot jet, then we go after moose and
	squirrel."

		-- ihuxw!tommyo


That Xanthippe's husband should have become so great a philosopher is
remarkable.  Amid all the scolding, to be able to think!  But he could not
write: that was impossible.  Socrates has not left us a single book.
		-- Heine


Here is the fact of the week, maybe even the fact of the month.  According
to probably reliable sources, the Coca-Cola people are experiencing severe
marketing anxiety in China.

The words "Coca-Cola" translate into Chinese as either (depending on the
inflection) "wax-fattened mare" or "bite the wax tadpole".

Bite the wax tadpole.  There is a sort of rough justice, is there not?

The trouble with this fact, as lovely as it is, is that it's hard to get
a whole column out of it.  I'd like to teach the world to bite a wax
tadpole.  Coke -- it's the real wax-fattened mare.  Not bad, but broad
satiric vistas do not open up.
		-- John Carrol, San Francisco Chronicle


Be careful of reading health books, you might die of a misprint.
		-- Mark Twain


When the government bureau's remedies do not match
your problem, you modify the problem, not the remedy.


Man has always assumed that he is more intelligent than dolphins because
he has achieved so much -- the wheel, New York, wars and so on -- while
all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good
time.  But, conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were
far more intelligent than man -- for precisely the same reasons.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


One thing they don't tell you about doing experimental physics is that
sometimes you must work under adverse conditions... like a state of sheer
terror.
		-- W. K. Hartmann


The gentlemen looked one another over with microscopic carelessness.


Q:	What do you get when you cross a mobster with an international
	standard?
A:	You get someone who makes you an offer that you can't understand!


Liberty don't work as good in practice as it does in speeches.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


Love thy neighbor, tune thy piano.


It was New Year's Eve and the house was brightly decorated with holiday
trappings.  The only sound that broke the quiet was the click of Grandma's
knitting needles.  The children; Jane, eight and Mary, five, were seated
in front of a cheerily burning fire, leafing through a picture book.
Tiring of this, they went over to Grandma's rocker.  Jane climbed up on
the arm of the chair and Mary snuggled into Grandma's cozy lap.
	"Tell us a story," begged Mary.
	"Oh," said the old lady, laying aside her knitting and wrapping
her arms around the children.  "What story should I tell you?"
	"Tell us our favorite story," whispered little Jane eagerly.
"About the time you were a hooker in Chicago."


Life is just a bowl of cherries, but why do I always get the pits?


10. Not everybody looks good naked.
 9. Joe Garagiola was a hell of an emcee.
 8. Joe Cocker really should stick with decaffeinated coffee.
 7. Fringe!  Fringe!  Fringe!
 6. If you've got 72 hours to kill, you can probably find room for Sha Na Na.
 5. Never attend an event with a 50,000 to 1 person to Port-A-San ratio.
 4. Bellbottoms will never go out of style.
 3. A drum solo cannot be too long.
 2. I, David Letterman, will never rent out my farm again.
 1. We are stardust.  We are golden.  We are going to look really stupid to
	future generations.
		-- David Letterman, "Top Ten Lessons of Woodstock"


I'd love to go out with you, but the man on television told me to stay
tuned.


"I wonder", he said to himself, "what's in a book while it's closed.  Oh, I
know it's full of letters printed on paper, but all the same, something must
be happening, because as soon as I open it, there's a whole story with people
I don't know yet and all kinds of adventures and battles."
		-- Bastian B. Bux


Three Midwesterners, a Kansan, a Missourian and an Iowan,
all appearing on a quiz program, were asked to complete this sentence:
"Old MacDonald had a . . ."

	"Old MacDonald had a carburetor," answered the Kansan.
	"Sorry, that's wrong," the game show host said.
	"Old MacDonald had a free brake alignment down at the
		service station," said the Missourian.
	"Wrong."
	"Old MacDonald had a farm," said the Iowan.
	"CORRECT!" shouts the quizmaster.  "Now for $100,000, spell `farm.'"
	"Easy," said the Iowan. "E-I-E-I-O."


Machine-independent program:
	A program that will not run on any machine.


If you took all of the grains of sand in the world, and lined
them up end to end in a row, you'd be working for the government!
		-- Mr. Interesting


Beer & Pretzels -- Breakfast of Champions.


Real World, The n.:
	1. In programming, those institutions at which programming may
be used in the same sentence as FORTRAN, COBOL, RPG, IBM, etc.  2. To
programmers, the location of non-programmers and activities not related
to programming.  3. A universe in which the standard dress is shirt and
tie and in which a person's working hours are defined as 9 to 5.
4. The location of the status quo.  5. Anywhere outside a university.
"Poor fellow, he's left MIT and gone into the real world."  Used
pejoratively by those not in residence there.  In conversation, talking
of someone who has entered the real world is not unlike talking about a
deceased person.


What did you bring that book I didn't want
to be read to out of about Down Under up for?


UNTOLD WEALTH:
	What you left out on April 15th.


Higher education helps your earning capacity.  Ask any college professor.


He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.
		-- Lao Tsu


	A ranger was walking through the forest and encountered a hunter
carrying a shotgun and a dead loon.  "What in the world do you think you're
doing?  Don't you know that the loon is on the endangered species list?"
	Instead of answering, the hunter showed the ranger his game bag,
which contained twelve more loons.
	"Why would you shoot loons?", the ranger asked.
	"Well, my family eats them and I sell the plumage."
	"What's so special about a loon?  What does it taste like?"
	"Oh, somewhere between an American Bald Eagle and a Trumpeter Swan."


It's all so painfully empty and lonesome...  I don't think I can stand
any more of it... the whole dreadful way we are born, die, and are
never missed.  The fact there is *nobody*... nobody really...  We come
out of a yawning tomb of flesh and sink back finally into another tomb.
What is the point of it all?  Who thought up this sickening circle of
flesh and blood?  We come into the world bleeding and cut and our bones
half-crushed only to emerge and suffer more torment, mutilation, and
then at the last lie down in some hole in the ground forever.  Who could
have thought it up, I wonder?
		-- James Purdy


Smear the road with a runner!!


It's a brave man who, when things are at their darkest, can kick back
and party!
		-- Dennis Quaid, "Inner Space"


Absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases
great ones, as the wind blows out candles and fans fires.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


Once it hits the fan, the only rational choice is to
sweep it up, package it, and sell it as fertilizer.


France is a country where the money falls apart and you can't tear
the toilet paper.
		-- Billy Wilder


If every kid had a funny tooth to bite down on whenever the world disappointed
him, prussic acid could solve our population problems in one generation.
		-- G. C. Edmonson's Albert, "The Man Who Corrupted Earth"


HAPPINESS:
	Having your Herpes (Type II) test come back negative.


	The Magician of the Ivory Tower brought his latest invention for the
master programmer to examine.  The magician wheeled a large black box into the
master's office while the master waited in silence.
	"This is an integrated, distributed, general-purpose workstation,"
began the magician, "ergonomically designed with a proprietary operating
system, sixth generation languages, and multiple state of the art user
interfaces.  It took my assistants several hundred man years to construct.
Is it not amazing?"
	The master raised his eyebrows slightly. "It is indeed amazing," he
said.
	"Corporate Headquarters has commanded," continued the magician, "that
everyone use this workstation as a platform for new programs.  Do you agree
to this?"
	"Certainly," replied the master, "I will have it transported to the
data center immediately!"  And the magician returned to his tower, well
pleased.
	Several days later, a novice wandered into the office of the master
programmer and said, "I cannot find the listing for my new program.  Do
you know where it might be?"
	"Yes," replied the master, "the listings are stacked on the platform
in the data center."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Be careful of reading health books, you might die of a misprint.
		-- Mark Twain


egrep -n '^[a-z].*\(' $ | sort -t':' +2.0


	"What are we going to do?"
	"Me, I'm examining the major Western religions.  I'm looking
for something that's soft on morality, generous with holidays, and has a
short initiation period."
		-- Maddie and David, "Moonlighting"


CONFERENCE:
	A special meeting in which the boss gathers subordinates to hear
	what they have to say, so long as it doesn't conflict with what
	he's already decided to do.


Providence New Jersey is one of the few cities
where Velveeta cheese appears on the gourmet shelf.


Okay, Okay -- I admit it.  You didn't change that program that worked
just a little while ago; I inserted some random characters into the
executable.  Please forgive me.  You can recover the file by typing in
the code over again, since I also removed the source.


In case of fire, stand in the hall and shout "Fire!"
		-- The Kidner Report


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #12

	Those who can, do.  Those who can't, write the instructions.


	It is always preferable to visit home with a friend.  Your parents will
not be pleased with this plan, because they want you all to themselves and
because in the presence of your friend, they will have to act like mature
human beings.
	The worst kind of friend to take home is a girl, because in that case,
there is the potential that your parents will lose you not just for the
duration of the visit but forever.  The worst kind of girl to take home is one
of a different religion:  Not only will you be lost to your parents forever but
you will be lost to a woman who is immune to their religious/moral arguments
and whose example will irretrievably corrupt you.
	Let's say you've fallen in love with just such a girl and would like
to take her home for the holidays.  You are aware of your parents' xenophobic
response to anyone of a different religion.  How to prepare them for the shock?
	Simple.  Call them up shortly before your visit and tell them that you
have gotten quite serious about somebody who is of a different religion, a
different race and the same sex.  Tell them you have already invited this
person to meet them.  Give the information a moment to sink in and then
remark that you were only kidding, that your lover is merely of a different
religion.  They will be so relieved they will welcome her with open arms.
		-- Playboy, January, 1983


Comparing information and knowledge is like asking whether the fatness
of a pig is more or less green than the designated hitter rule."
		-- David Guaspari


	An Israeli soldier was checking travelers' papers on a road, when a
man and a heavily pregnant woman on a donkey came by.  "Your names please?"
said the soldier.
	"My name is Mary," said the woman.
	"And mine is Joseph," said the man.
	"Oh," said the soldier, a little taken aback, "And where are you
going?"
	"To Bethlehem."
	"Your reason for going there?"
	"To pay our taxes to the government."
	"Tell me," said the soldier, "are you going to name the baby Jesus?"
	"Of course not," said the woman, "What do you think we are, Puerto
Ricans?"


We were happily married for eight months.  Unfortunately, we
were married for four and a half years.
		-- Nick Faldo


No sooner had Edger Allen Poe
Finished his old Raven,
then he started his Old Crow.


Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.


No use getting too involved in life --
you're only here for a limited time.


He's learned about 50% of the rules of sex and conversation;
he knows how to stick it in, but not how to stick it out.


If women are supposed to be less rational and more emotional at the
beginning of our menstrual cycle, when the female hormone is at its
lowest level, then why isn't it logical to say that in those few days
women behave the most like the way men behave all month long?
		-- Gloria Steinem


Okay, Okay -- I admit it.  You didn't change that program that worked
just a little while ago; I inserted some random characters into the
executable.  Please forgive me.  You can recover the file by typing in
the code over again, since I also removed the source.


The sunlights differ, but there is only one darkness.
		-- Ursula K. LeGuin, "The Dispossessed"


You shouldn't wallow in self-pity.  But it's OK to put
your feet in it and swish them around a little.
		-- Guindon


Arguments are extremely vulgar, for everyone
in good society holds exactly the same opinion.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Alcohol is like love: the first kiss is magic, the second is intimate,
the third is routine.  After that you just take the girl's clothes off.
		-- Raymond Chandler


Fudd's First Law of Opposition:
	Push something hard enough and it will fall over.


