	A reverend wanted to telephone another reverend.  He told the operator,
"This is a parson to parson call."
	A farmer with extremely prolific hens posted the following sign.  "Free
Chickens.  Our Coop Runneth Over."
	Two brothers, Mort and Bill, like to sail.  While Bill has a great
deal of experience, he certainly isn't the rigger Mort is.
	Inheritance taxes are getting so out of line, that the deceased family
often doesn't have a legacy to stand on.
	The judge fined the jaywalker fifty dollars and told him if he was
caught again, he would be thrown in jail.  Fine today, cooler tomorrow.
	A rock store eventually closed down; they were taking too much for
granite.


Work like hell, tell everyone everything you know, close a deal with
a handshake, and have fun.
		-- Harold "Doc" Edgerton, summing up his life's philosophy,
		   shortly before dying at the age of 86.


Here I am again right where I know I shouldn't be
I've been caught inside this trap too many times
I must've walked these steps and said these words a
	thousand times before
It seems like I know everybody's lines.
		-- David Bromberg, "How Late'll You Play 'Til?"


Always there remain portions of our heart
into which no one is able to enter, invite them as we may.


Laugh when you can; cry when you must.


One of the most overlooked advantages to computers is...  If they do
foul up, there's no law against whacking them around a little.
		-- Joe Martin


T:	One big monster, he called TROLL.
	He don't rock, and he don't roll;
	Drink no wine, and smoke no stogies.
	He just Love To Eat Them Roguies.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC


Time is an illusion, lunchtime doubly so.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


ONE THING KIDS LIKE is to be tricked.  For instance, I was going to take
my little nephew to Disneyland, but instead I drove him to a burned-out
warehouse.  "Oh, oh," I said.  "Disneyland burned down."  He cried and
cried, but I think that deep down he thought it was a pretty good joke.

I started to drive over to the real Disneyland, but it was getting pretty
late.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Other than that, Mrs. Lincoln, how did you like the play?


I don't have to take this abuse from you -- I've got
hundreds of people waiting to abuse me.
		-- Bill Murray, "Ghostbusters"


Never tell people how to do things.  Tell them WHAT to
do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.
		-- Gen. George S. Patton, Jr.


No Civil War picture ever made a nickel.
		-- MGM executive Irving Thalberg to Louis B. Mayer about
		   film rights to "Gone With the Wind".
		   Cerf/Navasky, "The Experts Speak"


Lend money to a bad debtor and he will hate you.


If little else, the brain is an educational toy.
		-- Tom Robbins


At last, the first Soviet, artificially intelligent computer had been produced.
The engineers did not get it, nor the physicists.  First things first: it went
to the institute of Marxism-Leninism.

"IS IT POSSIBLE TO BUILD SOCIALISM IN SWITZERLAND?" typed in one of the
	theologians.
"YES," replied the computer.  "BUT IT WOULD BE SUCH A PITY TO DESTROY
	SUCH A BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY."


The abuse of greatness is when it disjoins remorse from power.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"


Florence Flask was ... dressing for the opera when she turned to her
husband and screamed, "Erlenmeyer!  My joules!  Someone has stolen my
joules!"

"Now, now, my dear," replied her husband, "keep your balance and reflux
a moment.  Perhaps they're mislead."

"No, I know they're stolen," cried Florence.  "I remember putting them
in my burette ... We must call a copper."

Erlenmeyer did so, and the flatfoot who turned up, one Sherlock Ohms,
said the outrage looked like the work of an arch-criminal by the name
of Lawrence Ium.

"We must be careful -- he's a free radical, ultraviolet, and
dangerous.  His girlfriend is a chlorine at the Palladium.  Maybe I can
catch him there."  With that, he jumped on his carbon cycle in an
activated state and sped off along the reaction pathway ...
		-- Daniel B. Murphy, "Precipitations"


Hark ye, Clinker, you are a most notorious offender.  You stand
convicted of sickness, hunger, wretchedness, and want.
		-- Tobias Smollet


There is plenty of time before progress goes too far.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


McEwan's Rule of Relative Importance:
	When traveling with a herd of elephants,
	don't be the first to lie down and rest.


You never know what is enough until you know what is more than enough.
		-- William Blake


QOTD:
	"I've just learned about his illness.  Let's hope it's nothing
	trivial."


Justice, n.:
	A decision in your favor.


Don't shoot until you're sure you both aren't on the same side.


Marriage is based on the theory that when a man discovers a brand of beer
exactly to his taste he should at once throw up his job and go to work
in the brewery.
		-- George Jean Nathan


Flee at once, all is discovered.


We are the unwilling... led by the unqualified...
to do the unnecessary... for the ungrateful...
		-- GI in Vietnam, 1970


Whenever I see an old lady slip and fall on a wet sidewalk, my first instinct
is to laugh.  But then I think, what if I was an ant, and she fell on me.
Then it wouldn't seem quite so funny.
		-- Jack Handey


One seldom sees a monument to a committee.


QOTD:
	"I looked out my window, and saw Kyle Pettys' car upside down,
	then I thought `One of us is in real trouble.'"
		-- Davey Allison, on a 150 m.p.h. crash


Conversation, n.:
	A vocal competition in which the one who is catching his breath
	is called the listener.


CLONE OF MY OWN (to Home on the Range)

Oh, give me a clone
Of my own flesh and bone
	With the Y chromosome changed to X.
And when she is grown,
My very own clone,
	We'll be of the opposite sex.

Chorus:
	Clone, clone of my own,
	With the Y chromosome changed to X.
	And when we're alone,
	Since her mind is my own,
	She'll be thinking of nothing but sex.
		-- Randall Garrett


Democracy becomes a government of bullies, tempered by editors.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


There's nothing like good food, good wine, and a bad girl.


After all my erstwhile dear,
My no longer cherished,
Need we say it was not love,
Just because it perished?
		-- Edna St. Vincent Millay


There's a fine line between courage and foolishness.  Too bad it's not
a fence.


A halted retreat
Is nerve-wracking and dangerous.
To retain people as men -- and maidservants
Brings good fortune.


You're just the sort of person I imagined marrying, when I was little...
except, y'know, not green... and without all the patches of fungus.
		-- Swamp Thing


Prostitution is the only business where you can go into the hole and
still come out ahead.


When a man knows he is to be hanged in a fortnight,
it concentrates his mind wonderfully.
		-- Samuel Johnson


Given a choice between grief and nothing, I'd choose grief.
		-- William Faulkner


You will be the last person to buy a Chrysler.


He who makes a beast of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man.
		-- Dr. Johnson


How much of their influence on you is a result of your influence on them?


By protracting life, we do not deduct one jot from the duration of death.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


Buffy:	No!  You guys are gonna have a prom.  The kind of prom that
	everyone should have.  I'm going to give you all a nice, fun,
	normal evening; if I have to kill every single person on the
	face of the earth to do it!
Xander:	Yay.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Prom"
		   Season 3, Episode 20


Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler.
		-- Albert Einstein


It is easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
		-- Leonardo da Vinci


I'm sorry I'm late folks, I just got out of jail.  I tried to change my
girlfriend's name.  Yeah, I went down to the hall of records.  I said, "I'd
like to change it... I'd like to change it to... LYING LITTLE BITCH!"
		-- Sam Kinison


You are a fluke of the universe; you have no right to be here.


Someone is speaking well of you.
How unusual!


Tom's hungry, time to eat lunch.


You are destined to become the commandant of the
fighting men of the department of transportation.


It seems that a Scotsman and an Irishman walked into a bar.  The Scot
immediately singled out the bartender and proclaimed that drinks were
on the house, and that he expected him to serve only his best.  The next
day, the headlines read: Irish Ventriloquist Beaten to Death Behind Bar.


Bower's Law:
	Talent goes where the action is.


Does it rape elephants?
		-- Brent Byer


What if everything is an illusion and nothing exists?
In that case, I definitely overpaid for my carpet.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


She was wearing a very tight skirt, and when she tried to board the Fifth
Avenue bus she found she couldn't lift her leg.  She reached back and
unzipped her zipper.  It didn't seem to do any good, so she reached back
and unzipped it again.  Suddenly the man behind her lifted her up and put
her on the top step.
	"How dare you?" she demanded.
	"Well, lady," he said, "by the time you unzipped my fly for the
second time I thought we'd become good friends."


Dying is one of the few things that can be done as easily lying down.
		-- Woody Allen


FreeBSD: putting the horse before the cart since 1992.
		-- Warner Losh


Hear about...
	the high school drum major who dated two of the majorettes and
	so enjoyed the breasts of both whirlers?


Serocki's Stricture:
	Marriage is always a bachelor's last option.


Before Xerox, five carbons were the maximum extension of anybody's ego.


Politician, n.:
	An eel in the fundamental mud upon which the superstructure of
	organized society is reared.  When he wriggles, he mistakes the
	agitation of his tail for the trembling of the edifice.  As
	compared with the statesman, he suffers the disadvantage of
	being alive.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Q:	Why do women love Pacman?
A:	Only place you can get eaten three times for a quarter.


The Ruffed Pandanga of Borneo and Rotherham spreads out his feathers in
his courtship dance and imitates Winston Churchill and Tommy Cooper on
one leg.  The padanga is dying out because the female padanga doesn't
take it too seriously.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Then there was the girl whose boyfriend didn't smoke, drink or
swear, and never, ever made a pass at her.  He also made his own dresses.


In a surprise raid last night, federal agent's ransacked a house in search
of a rebel computer hacker.  However, they were unable to complete the arrest
because the warrant was made out in the name of Don Provan, while the only
person in the house was named don provan.  Proving, once again, that Unix is
superior to Tops10.


The Universe is populated by stable things.
		-- Richard Dawkins


Flying saucers on occasion
	Show themselves to human eyes.
Aliens fume, put off invasion
	While they brand these tales as lies.


"You are old, father William," the young man said,
	"And your hair has become very white;
And yet you incessantly stand on your head --
	Do you think, at your age, it is right?"

"In my youth," father William replied to his son,
	"I feared it might injure the brain;
But, now that I'm perfectly sure I have none,
	Why, I do it again and again."
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


Who are you?


Hear about...
	the absent-minded exhibitionist who was arrested for exposing
	his whatchamacalit?


Coincidence, n.:
	You weren't paying attention to the other half of what was
	going on.


Do I like getting drunk?  Depends on who's doing the drinking.
		-- Amy Gorin


	A bear and a rabbit are taking a crap in the woods.  The bear looks
over at the rabbit and asks, "Say, does shit ever stick to your fur?"
	"No."
	So the bear wiped his ass with the rabbit.


Why, Good Morning!  I'm the bluebird of fellatio!


I fell asleep reading a dull book,
and I dreamt that I was reading on,
so I woke up from sheer boredom.


Some things have to be believed to be seen.


Faith is the quality that enables you to eat blackberry jam
on a picnic without looking to see whether the seeds move.


Science is built up of facts, as a house is with stones.  But a
collection of facts is no more a science than a heap of stones
is a house.
		-- Jules Henri Poincar'e


He who loses, wins the race,
And parallel lines meet in space.
		-- John Boyd, "Last Starship from Earth"


Lunatic Asylum, n.:
	The place where optimism most flourishes.


	A sociologist, a psychologist, and an engineer were discussing the
consequences and implications of a married man's having a mistress.  The
sociologist's opinion was that it is absolutely and categorically unforgivable
for a married man to forfeit the bond of matrimony, and engage in such lowly
and lustful pursuits.
	The psychologist's opinion was that although morally reprehensible,
if a man MUST have a mistress to achieve his full potential as a human being,
then -- well -- he may go ahead and choose to have a mistress, as long as he
is considerate enough to keep this secret from his wife.
	The engineer then interjected: "I also believe that, if necessary,
a married man is entitled to a mistress.  However, I do not see why the
affair should be concealed from the wife.  On the contrary, if the affair
is out in the open, then on Friday evenings he may tell his wife that he
is going to see his mistress, tell his mistress that he is going to be with
his wife, then go to his office and get some work done!"


A highly intelligent man should take a primitive woman.  Imagine if on top
of everything else, I had a woman who interfered with my work.
		-- Adolf Hitler


I have discovered the art of deceiving diplomats.
I tell them the truth and they never believe me.
		-- Camillo Di Cavour


Concept, n.:
	Any "idea" for which an outside consultant billed you more than
	$25,000.


The politician is someone who deals in man's problems of adjustment.
To ask a politician to lead us is to ask the tail of a dog to lead the dog.
		-- Buckminster Fuller


How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.


You can't cross a large chasm in two small jumps.


While walking down a crowded
City street the other day,
I heard a little urchin
To a comrade turn and say,
"Say, Chimmey, lemme tell youse,
I'd be happy as a clam
If only I was de feller dat
Me mudder t'inks I am.

"She t'inks I am a wonder,		My friends, be yours a life of toil
An' she knows her little lad		Or undiluted joy,
Could never mix wit' nuttin'		You can learn a wholesome lesson
Dat was ugly, mean or bad.		From that small, untutored boy.
Oh, lot o' times I sit and t'ink	Don't aim to be an earthly saint
How nice, 'twould be, gee whiz!		With eyes fixed on a star:
If a feller was de feller		Just try to be the fellow that
Dat his mudder t'inks he is."		Your mother thinks you are.
		-- Will S. Adkin, "If I Only Was the Fellow"


Just because your doctor has a name for your
condition doesn't mean he knows what it is.


Eat prune yogurt for that "get up and go" feeling.


Advancement in position.


You'll never see all the places, or read all the
books, but fortunately, they're not all recommended.


A performing octopus could play the piano, the zither and a piccolo, and his
trainer wanted him to add the bagpipe to his accomplishments.  With this in
mind, a bagpipe was placed in the octopus's room, and the trainer awaited
results.  Hours passed, but no bagpipe music was heard.  Since the talented
octopus usually learned quickly, the trainer was disturbed.  Opening the door
the next morning, he asked the octopus,
	"Have you learned to play that thing yet?"
	"Play it!" retorted the octopus. "I've been trying to lay it all
night!"


Smuggling... It's not just a job, it's an adventure!
		-- paid for by your local Colombian recruiting office


If the human brain were so simple that we could understand it,
we would be so simple we couldn't.


How can you govern a nation which has 246 kinds of cheese?
		-- Charles de Gaulle


	"I'll tell you what I know, then," he decided.  "The pin I'm wearing
means I'm a member of the IA.  That's Inamorati Anonymous.  An inamorato is
somebody in love.  That's the worst addiction of all."
	"Somebody is about to fall in love," Oedipa said, "you go sit with
them, or something?"
	"Right.  The whole idea is to get where you don't need it.  I was
lucky.  I kicked it young.  But there are sixty-year-old men, believe it or
not, and women even older, who might wake up in the night screaming."
	"You hold meetings, then, like the AA?"
	"No, of course not.  You get a phone number, an answering service
you can call.  Nobody knows anybody else's name; just the number in case
it gets so bad you can't handle it alone.  We're isolates, Arnold.  Meetings
would destroy the whole point of it."
		-- Thomas Pynchon, "The Crying of Lot 49"


Let me tell you who the actual "front-runners" are.  On one side, you have
George Bush, who is currently going through a sort of fraternity hazing
wherein he has to perform a series of humiliating stunts to win the approval
of the Republican Right.  For example, they had him make a speech oozing
praise all over William Loeb, deceased publisher of the Manchester (N.H.)
Union Leader and Slime Journalist.  Loeb had dumped viciously all over George
in the 1980 New Hampshire primary.  But when the Right held a big tribute
for Loeb, George came back to the fold, like a man with a bungee cord wrapped
around his neck.
		-- Dave Barry


How come financial advisors never seem to be as wealthy as they
claim they'll make you?


Our readers ask, "Why don't more WASPs go to orgies?"  Well, it's really
quite simple.  They don't want to have to write all those thank-you notes.


Cats, no less liquid than their shadows, offer no angles to the wind.


I've been in more laps than a napkin.
		-- Mae West


You can never trust a woman; she may be true to you.


My love, he's mad, and my love, he's fleet,
	And a wild young wood-thing bore him!
The ways are fair to his roaming feet,
	And the skies are sunlit for him.
As sharply sweet to my heart he seems
	As the fragrance of acacia.
My own dear love, he is all my dreams --
	And I wish he were in Asia.
		-- Dorothy Parker, part 2


An encounter with a beautiful woman is good medicine for the well organized
logical mind -- a little jolt never hurt.  Note that the anarchists have
been saying this for years about the A-bomb and civilization.
		-- Encyclopadia Apocryphia


How come only your friends step on your new white sneakers?


Have you seen how Sonny's burning,
Like some bright erotic star,
He lights up the proceedings,
And raises the temperature.
		-- The Birthday Party, "Sonny's Burning"


Life being what it is, one dreams of revenge.
		-- Paul Gauguin


The eyes of taxes are upon you.


We lie loudest when we lie to ourselves.
		-- Eric Hoffer


ELECTRIC JELL-O

2   boxes JELL-O brand gelatin	2 packages Knox brand unflavored gelatin
2   cups fruit (any variety)	2+ cups water
1/2 bottle Everclear brand grain alcohol

Mix JELL-O and Knox gelatin into 2 cups of boiling water.  Stir 'til
	fully dissolved.
Pour hot mixture into a flat pan.  (JELL-O molds won't work.)
Stir in grain alcohol instead of usual cold water.  Remove any congealing
	glops of slime. (Alcohol has an unusual effect on excess JELL-O.)
Pour in fruit to desired taste, and to absorb any excess alcohol.
Mix in some cold water to dilute the alcohol and make it easier to eat for
	the faint of heart.
Refrigerate overnight to allow mixture to fully harden. (About 8-12 hours.)
Cut into squares and enjoy!

WARNING:
	Keep ingredients away from open flame.  Not recommended for
	children under eight years of age.


Her locks an ancient lady gave
Her loving husband's life to save;
And men -- they honored so the dame --
Upon some stars bestowed her name.

But to our modern married fair,
Who'd give their lords to save their hair,
No stellar recognition's given.
There are not stars enough in heaven.


To write a sonnet you must ruthlessly
strip down your words to naked, willing flesh.
Then bind them to a metaphor or three,
and take by force a satisfying mesh.
Arrange them to your will, each foot in place.
You are the master here, and they the slaves.
Now whip them to maintain a constant pace
and rhythm as they stand in even staves.
A word that strikes no pleasure?  Cast it out!
What use are words that drive not to the heart?
A lazy phrase? Discard it, shrug off doubt,
and choose more docile words to take its part.
A well-trained sonnet lives to entertain,
by making love directly to the brain.


Let him choose out of my files, his projects to accomplish.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Coriolanus"


Chorus:
	I don't want to join the army, I don't want to go to war,
	I'd rather sit around, pickin' dillies off the ground,
	And livin' off the favors of an 'igh-born lady.
	I don't want a bullet up me arse 'ole,
	I don't want me pecker blown away,
	I'd rather live in England, in jolly, sunny, England,
	And fornicate me bloody life away!!

Monday I touched her on the ankle,
Tuesday I touched her on the knee,
And Wednesday after Mass, I lifted up her dress,
And Thursday I saw you know what,
Friday I put me 'and upon it,
Saturday she gave me balls a tweak [tweak, tweak]
And Sunday after supper, I ran me fucker up 'er,
And now she pays me forty quid a week!
Oh, blimey...

[chorus]


In Xanadu did Kubla Khan
A stately pleasure dome decree:
Where Alph, the sacred river, ran
Through caverns measureless to man
Down to a sunless sea.
So twice five miles of fertile ground
With walls and towers were girdled round:
And there were gardens bright with sinuous rills,
Where blossomed many an incense-bearing tree;
And here were forest ancient as the hills,
Enfolding sunny spots of greenery.
		-- Samuel T. Coleridge, "Kubla Kahn"


Brain fried -- core dumped


You have no real enemies.


Hear about...
	the loner who gave up his solitary vice for Lent?  Except on
	Palm Sunday, of course.


