Hotels are tired of getting ripped off.  I checked into a hotel and they
had towels from my house.
		-- Mark Guido


No problem is so large it can't be fit in somewhere.


A diva who specializes in risqu'e arias is an off-coloratura soprano.


One seldom sees a monument to a committee.


A man may well bring a horse to the water,
but he cannot make him drink with he will.
		-- John Heywood


Woolsey-Swanson Rule:
	People would rather live with a problem they cannot
	solve rather than accept a solution they cannot understand.


What sane person could live in this world and not be crazy?
		-- Ursula K. LeGuin


"I wonder", he said to himself, "what's in a book while it's closed.  Oh, I
know it's full of letters printed on paper, but all the same, something must
be happening, because as soon as I open it, there's a whole story with people
I don't know yet and all kinds of adventures and battles."
		-- Bastian B. Bux


Don't worry over what other people are thinking about you.
They're too busy worrying over what you are thinking about them.


A businessman was awe-struck by the beautiful redhead at the hotel bar.
Seeing his interest, she quietly informed him that she was a prostitute
and that her price was $500.  He was taken aback by the price, but after
a few minutes of thought he took her up to his room.  She spent a few
minutes in the bathroom and was shocked when she came out to see him
masturbating furiously on the bed.  "What are you doing?", she asked.
	"Baby, for $500, you're not going to get the easy one!"


There's a long-standing bug relating to the x86 architecture that
allows you to install Windows.
		-- Matthew D. Fuller


Californians are a strange people.  They'll put every chemical known to God
and man up their nostrils and then laugh at you for putting sugar in your
coffee.


Q:	What is "SMOORPLAY"?
A:	It's what SMURFS do before they SMUCK, of course!


COLLEGE:
	The fountains of knowledge, where everyone goes to drink.


Fess:	Well, you must admit there is something innately humorous about
	a man chasing an invention of his own halfway across the galaxy.
Rod:	Oh yeah, it's a million yuks, sure.  But after all, isn't that the
	basic difference between robots and humans?
Fess:	What, the ability to form imaginary constructs?
Rod:	No, the ability to get hung up on them.
		-- Christopher Stasheff, "The Warlock in Spite of Himself"


I once met a lassie named Ruth
In a long distance telephone booth.
	Now I know the perfection
	Of an ideal connection
Even if somewhat uncouth.


Real computer scientists admire ADA for its overwhelming aesthetic
value but they find it difficult to actually program in it, as it is
much too large to implement.  Most computer scientists don't notice
this because they are still arguing over what else to add to ADA.


Before I knew the best part of my life had come, it had gone.


Don't do the crime, if you can't do the time.
		-- Lt. Col. Ollie North


Every morning in Africa, a gazelle wakes up.  It knows it must run faster
than the fastest lion or it will be killed.  Every morning a lion wakes up.
It knows it must outrun the slowest gazelle or it will starve to death.
It doesn't matter whether you are a lion or a gazelle: when the sun comes
up, you'd better be running.


Democracy is a form of government that substitutes election by the
incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


The first rule of magic is simple.  Don't waste your time waving your
hands and hoping when a rock or a club will do.
		-- McCloctnik the Lucid


Avec!


It happened long ago
In the new magic land
The Indians and the buffalo
Existed hand in hand
The Indians needed food
They need skins for a roof
The only took what they needed
And the buffalo ran loose
But then came the white man
With his thick and empty head
He couldn't see past his billfold
He wanted all the buffalo dead
It was sad, oh so sad.
		-- Ted Nugent, "The Great White Buffalo"


Freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose.
		-- Kris Kristofferson, "Me and Bobby McGee"


A violent man will die a violent death.
		-- Lao Tsu


Be circumspect in your liaisons with women.  It is better
to be seen at the opera with a man than at mass with a woman.
		-- De Maintenon


Brontosaurus Principle:
	Organizations can grow faster than their brains can manage them
in relation to their environment and to their own physiology:  when
this occurs, they are an endangered species.
		-- Thomas K. Connellan


If we could sell our experiences for what they cost us, we would
all be millionaires.
		-- Abigail Van Buren


Meskimen's Law:
	There's never time to do it right, but there's always time to
	do it over.


All constants are variables.


The University of California Bears announced the signing of Reggie
Philbin to a letter of intent to attend Cal next Fall.  Philbin is
said to make up for no talent by cheating well.  Says Philbin of
his decision to attend Cal, "I'm in it for the free ride."


A man can have two, maybe three love affairs while he's married.  After
that it's cheating.
		-- Yves Montand


What if everything is an illusion and nothing exists?
In that case, I definitely overpaid for my carpet.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


Out of the crooked timber of humanity no straight thing can ever be made.
		-- Immanuel Kant


May's Law:
	The quality of correlation is inversely proportional to the density
	of control.  (The fewer the data points, the smoother the curves.)


Tell me what to think!!!


The rules:

1:  Thou shalt not worship other computer systems.
2:  Thou shalt not impersonate Liberace or eat watermelon while sitting at
	the console keyboard.
3:  Thou shalt not slap users on the face, nor staple their silly little
	card decks together.
4:  Thou shalt not get physically involved with the computer system,
	especially if you're already married.
5:  Thou shalt not use magnetic tapes as Frisbees, nor use a disk pack as
	a stool to reach another disk pack.
6:  Thou shalt not stare at the blinking lights for more than one 8 hour
	shift.
7:  Thou shalt not tell users that you accidentally destroyed their
	files/backup just to see the look on their little faces.
8:  Thou shalt not enjoy canceling a job.
9:  Thou shalt not display firearms in the computer room.
10: Thou shalt not push buttons "just to see what happens".


When you're dining out and you suspect
something's wrong, you're probably right.


How do you explain school to a higher intelligence?
		-- Elliot, "E.T."


Nothing that's forced can ever be right,
If it doesn't come naturally, leave it.
That's what she said as she turned out the light,
And we bent our backs as slaves of the night,
Then she lowered her guard and showed me the scars
She got from trying to fight
Saying, oh, you'd better believe it.
[...]
Well nothing that's real is ever for free
And you just have to pay for it sometime.
She said it before, she said it to me,
I suppose she believed there was nothing to see,
But the same old four imaginary walls
She'd built for livin' inside
I said oh, you just can't mean it.
[...]
Well nothing that's forced can ever be right,
If it doesn't come naturally, leave it.
That's what she said as she turned out the light,
And she may have been wrong, and she may have been right,
But I woke with the frost, and noticed she'd lost
The veil that covered her eyes,
I said oh, you can leave it.
		-- Al Stewart, "If It Doesn't Come Naturally, Leave It"


It must have been some unmarried fool that said "A child can ask questions
that a wise man cannot answer"; because, in any decent house, a brat that
starts asking questions is promptly packed off to bed.
		-- Arthur Binstead


Doubt is a not a pleasant mental state, but certainty is a ridiculous one.
		-- Voltaire


Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine,
Lisp Machine is Fun.
Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine,
Fun for everyone.


Opium is very cheap considering you don't
feel like eating for the next six days.
		-- Taylor Mead, famous transvestite


Money will say more in one moment than
the most eloquent lover can in years.


	When the noted playwright George Bernard Shaw sent him two tickets to
the opening night of his new play with a note that read: "Bring a friend, if
you have one," Churchill, not to be outdone, promptly wired back: "You and
your play can go fuck yourselves."
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


It's amazing how many people you could be friends
with if only they'd make the first approach.


I've only got 12 cards.


I always say beauty is only sin deep.
		-- H. H. Munro, a.k.a. Saki, "Reginald's Choir Treat"


A penny saved is ridiculous.


The two party system ... is a triumph of the dialectic.  It showed that
two could be one and one could be two and had probably been fabricated
by Hegel for the American market on a subcontract from General Dynamics.
		-- I. F. Stone


Neutrinos have bad breadth.


Sank heaven for leetle curls.


Sometimes the best medicine is to stop taking something.


Youth.  It's a wonder that anyone ever outgrows it.


ACCEPTANCE TESTING:
	An unsuccessful attempt to find bugs.


A furore Normanorum libera nos, O Domine!


SAGITTARIUS (Nov 22 - Dec 21)
	You are optimistic and enthusiastic.  You have a reckless
	tendency to rely on luck since you lack talent.  The majority
	of Sagittarians are drunks or dope fiends or both.  People
	laugh at you a great deal.


Let others praise ancient times; I am glad I was born in these.
		-- Ovid (43 B.C. - A.D. 18)


You will be the victim of a bizarre joke.


Expert, n.:
	Someone who comes from out of town and shows slides.


Take it easy, we're in a hurry.


I don't wish to appear overly inquisitive, but are you still alive?


Once a word has been allowed to escape, it cannot be recalled.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Straw?  No, too stupid a fad.  I put soot on warts.


You've decked the halls with a dozen miles' length of electric lights.
Your front lawn is a gleaming testament of incandescent wonder. The neighbors
wear sunglasses 24/7,  and orbiting satellites have officially picked up
and pinpointed your house as the brightest spot on earth.

You've finally put together the Christmas wonderland of your dreams... now
if only you could get a good picture of it.

Photographing holiday lights is no easy task.
		-- from an email sent by photojojo.com


A group of scientists discovered an apelike creature in the jungle, which
they hoped would prove to be the missing link.  The proof of their theory,
however, required that a human mate with the animal so that they could see
what characteristics the offspring would assume.  Needing volunteers, the
scientists placed an ad in the paper: "$5000 to mate with ape."
	Almost immediately, they received response from a man who said he
would be willing to take part in the experiment, with three conditions.
	"First," he said, "my wife must never know.  Second, any children
must be baptized.  And, third, I'd have to pay in installments."


Forgive and forget.
		-- Cervantes


This is for all ill-treated fellows
	Unborn and unbegot,
For them to read when they're in trouble
	And I am not.
		-- A. E. Housman


My father taught me three things:
	1: Never mix whiskey with anything but water.
	2: Never try to draw to an inside straight.
	3: Never discuss business with anyone who refuses to give his name.


If you talk to God, you are praying; if God talks to you, you have
schizophrenia.
		-- Thomas Szasz


In the future, there will be fewer but better Russians.
		-- Joseph Stalin


Deprive a mirror of its silver and even the Czar won't see his face.


But has any little atom,
	While a-sittin' and a-splittin',
Ever stopped to think or CARE
	That E = m c**2 ?


A fool and his honey are soon parted.


	"Sheriff, we gotta catch Black Bart."
	"Oh, yeah?  What's he look like?"
	"Well, he's wearin' a paper hat, a paper shirt, paper pants and
paper boots."
	"What's he wanted for?"
	"Rustling."


Money is its own reward.


You can create your own opportunities this week.
Blackmail a senior executive.


COBOL is for morons.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


Hear about...
	the fine, upstanding young woman who's wonderful laying down?


'Tis more blessed to give than receive; for example, wedding presents.
		-- H. L. Mencken


There are few people more often in the wrong
than those who cannot endure to be thought so.


The greatest love is a mother's, then a dog's, then a sweetheart's.
		-- Polish proverb


There are worse things in life than death.  Have you ever spent an evening
with an insurance salesman?
		-- Woody Allen


There's one consolation about matrimony.  When you look around you can
always see somebody who did worse.
		-- Warren H. Goldsmith


When are you BUTTHEADS gonna learn that you can't oppose Gestapo
tactics *with* Gestapo tactics?
		-- Reuben Flagg


Ginger Snap


If a child annoys you, quiet him by brushing his hair.  If this doesn't
work, use the other side of the brush on the other end of the child.


Test makers do it:
	A: sometimes
	B: always
	C: never
	D: none of the above.


Better the prince of some inferior court,
Than second, or less, in beatific light.
		-- Lucifer, Joost van den Vondel's "Lucifer"


Any great truth can -- and eventually will -- be expressed as a cliche --
a cliche is a sure and certain way to dilute an idea.  For instance, my
grandmother used to say, "The black cat is always the last one off the
fence."  I have no idea what she meant, but at one time, it was undoubtedly
true.
		-- Solomon Short


Whatever else can be said about sex, it cannot be called a dignified
performance.
		-- Helen Lawrenson


BETTER LATE THAN NEVER:
	The single girl's motto.


Reality is for people who lack imagination.


Your present plans will be successful.


In any world menu, Canada must be considered the vichyssoise of nations --
it's cold, half-French, and difficult to stir.
		-- Stuart Keate


The bedsprings next door jounce and creak:
They have kept me awake for a week.
	Why do newlyweds
	Select squeaky beds
To develop their fucking technique?


Love is eating her even when she's not having her period.


Look before you leap.
		-- Samuel Butler


What's so funny?


The avoidance of taxes is the only intellectual pursuit that
carries any reward.
		-- John Maynard Keynes


God grant us the serenity to accept the things we cannot change, courage to
change the things we can, and wisdom to know the difference.


We can found no scientific discipline, nor a healthy profession on the
technical mistakes of the Department of Defense and IBM.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


Patent, v.:
	A method of publicizing inventions so others can copy them.


Sometimes when you look into his eyes you get the feeling that someone
else is driving.
		-- David Letterman


Why are programmers non-productive?
Because their time is wasted in meetings.

Why are programmers rebellious?
Because the management interferes too much.

Why are the programmers resigning one by one?
Because they are burnt out.

Having worked for poor management, they no longer value their jobs.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Planned Parenthood:
	The emission Control Center.


Women, when they are not in love, have all
the cold blood of an experienced attorney.
		-- Honore de Balzac


Truth has no special time of its own.  Its hour is now -- always.
		-- Albert Schweitzer


You don't become a failure until you're satisfied with being one.


Let no guilty man escape.
		-- U. S. Grant


Sure there are dishonest men in local government.  But there are dishonest
men in national government too.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Magpie, n.:
	A bird whose thievish disposition suggested
	to someone that it might be taught to talk.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


What we cannot speak about we must pass over in silence.
		-- Wittgenstein


The Tree of Learning bears the noblest fruit, but noble fruit tastes bad.


You notice that after Ginzburg admitted he had tried marijuana everyone
got in line to admit it, too.  But you also notice they all said they
"experimented" with marijuana.  The didn't "use" it; they "experimented"
with it.  Let me tell you something -- Jonas Salk "experiments"; these
guys were getting stoned!
		-- Johnny Carson


Two men and a woman were stranded on a desert island -

Two weeks later, the woman was so ashamed of what she
had been doing, she committed suicide.

Two weeks later, the men were so ashamed of what they
had been doing, they buried her.

Two weeks later, the men were so ashamed of what they
had been doing, they dug her back up.


May all your Emus lay soft boiled eggs, and may all your
Kangaroos be born with iPods already fitted.
		-- Aussie New Years wish, found on hasselbladinfo.com


When the Ngdanga tribe of West Africa hold their moon love ceremonies,
the men of the tribe bang their heads on sacred trees until they get a
nose bleed, which usually cures them of _t_h_a_t.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Never fly under a seagull - they'll shit on your airplane.
		-- Gordon Cooper


ALASKA:
	A prelude to "No."


Prostitution is the only business where you can go into the hole and
still come out ahead.


Pardon me while I laugh.


You are as I am with You.


Silly is a state of Mind, Stupid is a way of Life.


The universe is ruled by letting things take their course.
It cannot be ruled by interfering.
		-- Chinese proverb


Pardon me while I laugh.


We read to say that we have read.


Erogenous zone, n.:
	The skin you touch to love.


The old complaint that mass culture is designed for eleven-year-olds
is of course a shameful canard.  The key age has traditionally been
more like fourteen.
		-- Robert Christgau, "Esquire"


Once you've got them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow.


Boy, I sure wish that I could be in the
'Advanced Systems Development' group!


When the Universe was not so out of whack as it is today, and all the
stars were lined up in their proper places, you could easily count them
from left to right, or top to bottom, and the larger and bluer ones
were set apart, and the smaller yellowing types pushed off to the
corners as bodies of a lower grade ...
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


Shaw's Principle:
	Build a system that even a fool can use, and only a fool will
	want to use it.


Youth is a blunder, manhood a struggle, old age a regret.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli, "Coningsby"


Bond reflected that good Americans were fine people and that most of them
seemed to come from Texas.
		-- Ian Fleming, "Casino Royale"


Money is a powerful aphrodisiac.  But flowers work almost as well.
		-- Lazarus Long


I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
		-- Mark Twain


fortune: cannot execute.  Out of cookies.


Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about
telescopes.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


A man can have two, maybe three love affairs while he's married.  After
that it's cheating.
		-- Yves Montand


But you shall not escape my iambics.
		-- Gaius Valerius Catullus


The only cultural advantage LA has over NY is that you can make a
right turn on a red light.
		-- Woody Allen


His super power is to turn into a scotch terrier.


Burbulation, v.:
	The obsessive act of opening and closing a refrigerator door in
	an attempt to catch it before the automatic light comes on.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Moe:	What did you give your wife for Valentine's Day?
Joe:	The usual gift -- she ate my heart out.


Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about
telescopes.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


Not all who own a harp are harpers.
		-- Marcus Terentius Varro


	We don't claim Interactive EasyFlow is good for anything -- if you
think it is, great, but it's up to you to decide.  If Interactive EasyFlow
doesn't work: tough.  If you lose a million because Interactive EasyFlow
messes up, it's you that's out the million, not us.  If you don't like this
disclaimer: tough.  We reserve the right to do the absolute minimum provided
by law, up to and including nothing.
	This is basically the same disclaimer that comes with all software
packages, but ours is in plain English and theirs is in legalese.
	We didn't really want to include any disclaimer at all, but our
lawyers insisted.  We tried to ignore them but they threatened us with the
attack shark at which point we relented.
		-- HavenTree Software Limited, "Interactive EasyFlow"


It looks like it's up to me to save our skins.
Get into that garbage chute, flyboy!
		-- Princess Leia Organa


Hear about...
	the fellow who got ten years for pumping Ethyl behind the station?


What is research but a blind date with knowledge?
		-- Will Harvey


Observe yon plumed biped fine.
To activate its captivation,
Deposit on its termination,
A quantity of particles saline.


