How many weeks are there in a light year?


Talkers are no good doers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


I love treason but hate a traitor.
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar


I'm prepared for all emergencies but
totally unprepared for everyday life.


Achilles' Biological Findings:
	(1) If a child looks like his father, that's heredity.  If he
	    looks like a neighbor, that's environment.
	(2) A lot of time has been wasted arguing over what came first
	    -- the chicken or the egg.  It was undoubtedly the
	    rooster.


Who's scruffy-looking?
		-- Han Solo


A bore is a man who talks so much about
himself that you can't talk about yourself.


Fortune's Office Door Sign of the Week:

	Incorrigible punster -- Do not incorrige.


On an isolated stretch of beach near Cannes, a beautiful French girl threw
herself into the sea and drowned despite a young man's attempt to save her.
The man dragged the half-nude body ashore and left it on the sand while he
went to notify the authorities.  Upon his return, he was horrified to find
a man making love to the corpse.
	"Monsieur, monsieur," he shouted, "that woman is dead,
that woman is dead!"
	"Sacre bleu," exclaimed the man, springing up.
"I thought she was an American!"


Underlying Principle of Socio-Genetics:
	Superiority is recessive.


71:
	69 with two fingers up your ass.
		-- George Carlin


Space is to place as eternity is to time.
		-- Joseph Joubert


SEMPER UBI SUB UBI!!!!


The income tax has made more liars out of the American people than golf
has.  Even when you make a tax form out on the level, you don't know
when it's through if you are a crook or a martyr.
		-- Will Rogers


Alliance, n.:
	In international politics, the union of two thieves who have
	their hands so deeply inserted in each other's pocket that they
	cannot separately plunder a third.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


When somebody protested at [Pope Alexander VI's] wholesale distribution of
pardons for the most heinous crimes -- one of which included the murder of
a daughter by the father -- he retorted easily, "It is not God's will that
a sinner should die, but that he should live -- and pay."
		-- E.R. Chamberlin, "The Bad Popes"

Judas sold Christ for 30 denari, this man [Pope Alexander VI] would sell
him for 29.
		-- Ottaviano Ubaldini, chamberlain to Pope Alexander VI


I predict that today will be remembered until tomorrow!


Through a major bureaucratic error, you are made county coroner.
You seriously consider the job because it gives you:

	1: Lots of unclaimed wedding rings and watches.
	2: Lots of gold fillings and bridges.
	3: Free blood.
	4: A constantly changing array of new friends who aren't at
	   all stuffy about what happens to their genitalia.


If you think the United States has stood still, who built the largest
shopping center in the world?
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Just because I turn down a contract on a guy doesn't mean he isn't
going to get hit.
		-- Joey


The Army has carried the American ... ideal to its logical conclusion.
Not only do they prohibit discrimination on the grounds of race, creed
and color, but also on ability.
		-- T. Lehrer


Without ice cream life and fame are meaningless.


Many years ago in a period commonly known as Next Friday Afternoon,
there lived a King who was very Gloomy on Tuesday mornings because he
was so Sad thinking about how Unhappy he had been on Monday and how
completely Mournful he would be on Wednesday ...
		-- Walt Kelly


It is a lesson which all history teaches
wise men, to put trust in ideas, and not in circumstances.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Theorem: All positive integers are equal.
Proof: Sufficient to show that for any two positive integers, A and B, A = B.
	Further, it is sufficient to show that for all N > 0, if A and B
	(positive integers) satisfy (MAX(A, B) = N) then A = B.

Proceed by induction:
	If N = 1, then A and B, being positive integers, must both be 1.
	So A = B.

Assume that the theorem is true for some value k.  Take A and B with
	MAX(A, B) = k+1.  Then MAX((A-1), (B-1)) = k.  And hence
	(A-1) = (B-1).  Consequently, A = B.


Children are natural mimics who act like their parents
despite every effort to teach them good manners.


Q:	What is orange and goes "click, click?"
A:	A ball point carrot.


I never did it that way before.


A meeting is an event at which the
minutes are kept and the hours are lost.


A fitter fits;				Though sinners sin
A cutter cuts;				And thinners thin
And an aircraft spotter spots;		And paper-blotters blot
A baby-sitter				I've never yet
Baby-sits --				Had letters let
But an otter never ots.			Or seen an otter ot.

A batter bats
(Or scatters scats);
A potting shed's for potting;
But no one's found
A bounder bound
Or caught an otter otting.
		-- Ralph Lewin


You know you're in trouble when...
1)	You wake up face down on the pavement.
2)	Your wife wakes up feeling amorous and you have a headache.
3)	You turn on the news and they're showing emergency routes
		out of the city.
4)	Your twin sister forgot your birthday.
5)	You wake up and discover your waterbed broke and then
		remember that you don't have a waterbed.
6)	Your doctor tells you you're allergic to chocolate.


A man is walking down the street when he sees a man with four arms, and
antennae coming out of his head.  He goes up to him and says, "You're not
from around here, are you?"
	"No," replies the man with the antennae.
	"You know," continues the man, "I don't think you're an American,
either.  In fact, I bet you don't even come from this planet!"
	"Right again," says the man with four arms.  "I'm from Mars."
	"Well," says the man, "that's quite some configuration you've got
there, with those four arms and those antennae and everything."
	"We Martians all have four arms and antennae."
	"Well, that's just amazing," replies the man, "and how about that
big gold colored plate in the middle of your chest, what's that, do all
Martians have that?"
	"Well, no," says the Martian.  "Not the *goyim*."


We have reason to believe that man first
walked upright to free his hands for masturbation.
		-- Lily Tomlin


If you float on instinct alone, how can you
calculate the buoyancy for the computed load?
		-- Christopher Hodder-Williams


Some peoples mouths work faster than their brains.
They say things they haven't even thought of yet.


The wife of young Richard of Limerick
Complained to her husband, "My quim, Rick,
	Still grows in diameter
	Each time that you ram at her;
How can your poor tool stay so slim, Rick?"


Old age is always fifteen years older than I am.
		-- Bernard Baruch


What creatures of habit we are.  This morning, without thinking, half asleep,
I put $100 on my pillow.  That's not so bad, no one would worry about it, but
my wife, half asleep, without thinking, gave me $20 change.


Hatcheck girl:
	"Goodness!  What lovely diamonds!"
Mae West:
	"Goodness had nothin' to do with it, dearie."
		-- "Night After Night", 1932


We have lingered long enough on the shores of the Cosmic Ocean.
		-- Carl Sagan


Quite frankly, I don't like you humans.
After what you all have done, I find being "inhuman" a compliment.


The bugs you have to avoid are the ones that give the user not only
the inclination to get on a plane, but also the time.
		-- Kay Bostic


A woman's best protection is a little money of her own.
		-- Clare Booth Luce, quoted in "The Wit of Women"


Don't tell me what you dream'd last night for I've been reading Freud.


	For three years, the young attorney had been taking his brief
vacations at this country inn.  The last time he'd finally managed an
affair with the innkeeper's daughter.  Looking forward to an exciting
few days, he dragged his suitcase up the stairs of the inn, then stopped
short.  There sat his lover with an infant on her lap!
	"Helen, why didn't you write when you learned you were pregnant?"
he cried.  "I would have rushed up here, we could have gotten married,
and the baby would have my name!"
	"Well," she said, "when my folks found out about my condition,
we sat up all night talkin' and talkin' and finally decided it would be
better to have a bastard in the family than a lawyer."


Mother said there would be days like this, but she never said there
would be so many.


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #52:

Q:  What is your name?
A:  Ernestine McDowell.
Q:  And what is your marital status?
A:  Fair.


You will obey or molten silver will be poured into your ears.


You will triumph over your enemy.


I'm really enjoying not talking to you...
Let's not talk again REAL soon...


Gratitude, like love, is never a dependable international emotion.
		-- Joseph Alsop


Don't tell any big lies today.  Small ones can be just as effective.


ONE LIFE TO LIVE for ALL MY CHILDREN in
ANOTHER WORLD all THE DAYS OF OUR LIVES.


Can anything be sadder than work left unfinished?
Yes, work never begun.


Premature optimization is the root of all evil.
		-- Donald E. Knuth


Vote for ME -- I'm well-tapered, half-cocked, ill-conceived and
TAX-DEFERRED!


The man-hating woman, like the cold woman, is largely imaginary.  She
is simply a woman who has done her best to snare a man and has failed.
		-- Norton


We drove to the hotel and said goodbye.  How hypocritical to go upstairs
with a man you don't want to fuck, leave the one you do sitting there alone,
and then, in a state of great excitement, fuck the one you don't want to
fuck while pretending he's the one you do.  That's called fidelity.  That's
called civilization and its discontents.
		-- Erica Jong, "Fear of Flying"


Logic is a pretty flower that smells bad.


Photographing a volcano is just about
the most miserable thing you can do.
		-- Robert B. Goodman
		   [Who has clearly never tried to use a PDP-10.  Ed.]


Mothers of large families (who claim to common sense)
Will find a Tiger will repay the trouble and expense.
		-- Hilaire Belloc, "The Tiger"


THEORY:
	System of ideas meant to explain something, chosen with a view to
	originality, controversialism, incomprehensibility, and how good
	it will look in print.


Information Processing:
	What you call data processing when people are so disgusted with
	it they won't let it be discussed in their presence.


Cold hands, no gloves.


I asked a teacher what the opposite of a miracle was and she, without
thinking, I assume, said it was an act of God.
			-- Terry Prachett (Daily Mail 21 june 2008)


Q:	How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	One.  Only it's his light bulb when he's done.


And I will do all these good works, and I will do them for free!
My only reward will be a tombstone that says "Here lies Gomez
Addams -- he was good for nothing."
		-- Jack Sharkey, The Addams Family


I disagree with what you say, but will defend
to the death your right to tell such LIES!


Time is an illusion perpetrated by the manufacturers of space.


Raising pet electric eels is gaining a lot of current popularity.


I think...  I think it's in my basement... Let me go upstairs and check.
		-- M. C. Escher


Winter is the season in which people try to keep the house
as warm as it was in the summer, when they complained about the heat.


Kime's Law for the Reward of Meekness:
	Turning the other cheek merely ensures two bruised cheeks.


In /users3 did Kubla Kahn
A stately pleasure dome decree,
Where /bin, the sacred river ran
Through Test Suites measureless to Man
Down to a sunless C.


That feeling just came over me.
		-- Albert DeSalvo, the "Boston Strangler"


Women treat us just as humanity treats its gods.  They worship
us and are always bothering us to do something for them.
		-- Wilde


If you keep anything long enough, you can throw it away.


A green hunting cap squeezed the top of the fleshy balloon of a head.  The
green earflaps, full of large ears and uncut hair and the fine bristles that
grew in the ears themselves, stuck out on either side like turn signals
indicating two directions at once.  Full, pursed lips protruded beneath the
bushy black moustache and, at their corners, sank into little folds filled
with disapproval and potato chip crumbs.  In the shadow under the green visor
of the cap Ignatius J. Reilly's supercilious blue and yellow eyes looked down
upon the other people waiting under the clock at the D. H. Holmes department
store, studying the crowd of people for signs of bad taste in dress.  Several
of the outfits, Ignatius noticed, were new enough and expensive enough to be
properly considered offenses against taste and decency.  Possession of
anything new or expensive only reflected a person's lack of theology and
geometry; it could even cast doubts upon one's soul.
		-- John Kennedy Toole, "Confederacy of Dunces"


There is no TRUTH.  There is no REALITY.  There is no CONSISTENCY.
There are no ABSOLUTE STATEMENTS.  I'm very probably wrong.


Conscience is defined as the thing that hurts
when everything else feels great.


Angel:	We need you to distract the vampires.
Buffy:	Right.
Xander:	What are you going to do?
Buffy:	I'm going to kill them all.  (Walking away)
	That oughta distract them.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "When She Was Bad"
		   Season 2, Episode 1


People with narrow minds usually have broad tongues.


Caution: Breathing may be hazardous to your health.


Sleep is for the weak and sickly.


	Leslie West heads for the sticks, to Providence, Rhode Island and
tries to hide behind a beard.  No good.  There are still too many people
and too many stares, always taunting, always smirking.  He moves to the
outskirts of town. He finds a place to live -- huge mansion, dirt cheap,
caretaker included.  He plugs in his guitar and plays as loud as he wants,
day and night, and there's no one to laugh or boo or even look bored.
	Nobody's cut the grass in months.  What's happened to that caretaker?
What neighborhood people there are start to talk, and what kids there are
start to get curious.  A 13 year-old blond with an angelic face misses supper.
Before the summer's end, four more teenagers have disappeared.  The senior
class president, Barnard-bound come autumn, tells Mom she's going out to a
movie one night and stays out.  The town's up in arms, but just before the
police take action, the kids turn up.  They've found a purpose.  They go
home for their stuff and tell the folks not to worry but they'll be going
now.  They're in a band.
		-- Ira Kaplan


Feel disillusioned?
I've got some great new illusions, right here!


Q:	Why is it that the more accuracy you demand from an interpolation
	function, the more expensive it becomes to compute?
A:	That's the Law of Spline Demand.


I have no doubt the Devil grins,
As seas of ink I spatter.
Ye gods, forgive my "literary" sins--
The other kind don't matter.
		-- Robert W. Service


You've been leading a dog's life.  Stay off the furniture.


A squeegee by any other name wouldn't sound as funny.


One good turn deserves another.
		-- Gaius Petronius


Stability itself is nothing else than a more sluggish motion.


So you fucked up... you trusted us!
		-- Animal House


A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
		-- Patton


Say something you'll be sorry for, I love receiving apologies.


If you see an onion ring -- answer it!


Liberty don't work as good in practice as it does in speeches.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


'Twas the nocturnal segment of the diurnal period
   preceding the annual Yuletide celebration, And
   throughout our place of residence,
Kinetic activity was not in evidence among the
   possessors of this potential, including that
   species of domestic rodent known as Mus musculus.
Hosiery was meticulously suspended from the forward
   edge of the woodburning caloric apparatus,
Pursuant to our anticipatory pleasure regarding an
   imminent visitation from an eccentric
   philanthropist among whose folkloric appelations
   is the honorific title of St. Nicklaus ...


Ever Onward!  Ever Onward!
That's the sprit that has brought us fame.
We're big but bigger we will be,
We can't fail for all can see, that to serve humanity
Has been our aim.
Our products now are known in every zone.
Our reputation sparkles like a gem.
We've fought our way thru
And new fields we're sure to conquer, too
For the Ever Onward IBM!
		-- Ever Onward, from the 1940 IBM Songbook


	Two parent drops spent months teaching their son how to be part of the
ocean.  After months of training, the father drop commented to the mother drop,
"We've taught our boy everything we know, he's fit to be tide."
	After Snow White used a couple rolls of film taking pictures of the
seven dwarfs, she mailed the roll to be developed.  Later she was heard to
sing, "Some day my prints will come."
	A boy spent years collecting postage stamps.  The girl next door bought
an album too, and started her own collection.  "Dad, she buys everything I've
bought, and it's taken all the fun out of it for me.  I'm quitting."  Don't,
son, remember, 'Imitation is the sincerest form of philately.'"
	A young girl, Carmen Cohen, was called by her last name by her father,
and her first name by her mother.  By the time she was ten, didn't know if she
was Carmen or Cohen.
	Against his wishes, a math teacher's classroom was remodeled.  Ever
since, he's been talking about the good old dais.  His students planted a small
orchard in his honor, the trees all have square roots.


We love our little Johnny
He's the best little boy in all the world
And we wouldn't trade him for anything
That's how much we love him.
No, we couldn't live without him
So that's why, since he died,
We keep him safe in our G.E. freezer.
He's so good, so well-behaved,
Even better than before;
Oh, such a wonderful kid he is.
Alice and me, we'll never be lonely,
Never miss our little Johnny,
He'll never grow up and leave us
That's why we love him like we do.
		-- Mr. Mincemeat


unix soit qui mal y pense


Anyone who has had a bull by the tail
knows five or six more things than someone who hasn't.
		-- Mark Twain


You humans are all alike.


The number of UNIX installations has grown to 10, with more expected.
		-- The Unix Programmer's Manual, 2nd Edition, June 1972


Never promise more than you can perform.
		-- Publilius Syrus


Genlock, n.:
	Why he stays in the bottle.


The fact that boys are allowed to exist at all is evidence of a
remarkable Christian forbearance among men.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


Truth is hard to find and harder to obscure.


If computers take over (which seems to be their natural tendency), it will
serve us right.
		-- Alistair Cooke


Ignorance must certainly be bliss or there wouldn't be so many people
so resolutely pursuing it.


I am not now and never have been a girl friend of Henry Kissinger.
		-- Gloria Steinem


All is fear in love and war.


QOTD:
	"Talent does what it can, genius what it must.
	I do what I get paid to do."


A Galileo could no more be elected president of the United States than
he could be elected Pope of Rome.  Both high posts are reserved for men
favored by God with an extraordinary genius for swathing the bitter
facts of life in bandages of self-illusion.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Little Boy Blue -- He needed the money.
		-- Andrew "Dice" Clay


There is nothing more silly than a silly laugh.
		-- Gaius Valerius Catullus


It's not the men in my life, but the life in my men that counts.
		-- Mae West


Faith goes out through the window when beauty comes in at the door.


Santa Claus is watching!


Virgin, n.:
	An ugly third grader.


Hard reality has a way of cramping your style.
		-- Daniel Dennett


You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.


Of course a platonic relationship is possible -- but only between
husband and wife.


Q:	How many Christians does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Three, but they're really only one.


Reunite Gondwanaland!


Learning at some schools is like drinking from a firehose.


Two percent of zero is almost nothing.


Hitler used methods against white men in Europe, which by tacit
agreement between the cultural European nations were only to be
used against the coloured.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Your goose is cooked.
(Your current chick is burned up too!)


When you become used to never being alone,
you may consider yourself Americanized.


Reporter:   "What would you do if you found a million dollars?"
Yogi Berra: "If the guy was poor, I would give it back."


Cold, adj.:
	When the politicians walk around with their hands in their own
	pockets.


Money is a powerful aphrodisiac.  But flowers work almost as well.
		-- Lazarus Long


It'll be a nice world if they ever get it finished.


If bankers can count, how come they have
eight windows and only four tellers?


Agnes' Law:
	Almost everything in life is easier to get into than out of.


RULES OF EATING -- THE BRONX DIETER'S CREED
	(1)  Never eat on an empty stomach.
	(2)  Never leave the table hungry.
	(3)  When traveling, never leave a country hungry.
	(4)  Enjoy your food.
	(5)  Enjoy your companion's food.
	(6)  Really taste your food.  It may take several portions to
	     accomplish this, especially if subtly seasoned.
	(7)  Really feel your food.  Texture is important.  Compare,
	     for example, the texture of a turnip to that of a
	     brownie.  Which feels better against your cheeks?
	(8)  Never eat between snacks, unless it's a meal.
	(9)  Don't feel you must finish everything on your plate.  You
	     can always eat it later.
	(10) Avoid any wine with a childproof cap.
	(11) Avoid blue food.
		-- Richard Smith, "The Bronx Diet"


When in doubt, have a man come through the door with a gun in his hand.
		-- Raymond Chandler


Juall's Law on Nice Guys:
	Nice guys don't always finish last; sometimes they don't finish.
	Sometimes they don't even get a chance to start!


Things Charles Darwin did not say:

Nah, it's only a theory - I don't think it should be taught in schools.


I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not so sure.


She begged and she pleaded for more.
I said, "We've already had four,
	And I'm sure that you've heard,
	Though it's somewhat absurd,
That eros spelt backwards is sore."


	The FIELD GUIDE to NORTH AMERICAN MALES

SPECIES:	Cranial Males
SUBSPECIES:	The Hacker (homo computatis)
Courtship & Mating:
	Due to extreme deprivation, HOMO COMPUTATIS maintains a near perpetual
	state of sexual readiness.  Courtship behavior alternates between
	awkward shyness and abrupt advances.  When he finally mates, he
	chooses a female engineer with an unblinking stare, a tight mouth, and
	a complete collection of Campbell's soup-can recipes.
Track:
	Trash cans full of pale green and white perforated paper and old
	copies of the Allen-Bradley catalog.
Comments:
	Extremely fond of bad puns and jokes that need long explanations.


There was a writer in 'Life' magazine ... who claimed that rabbits have
no memory, which is one of their defensive mechanisms.  If they recalled
every close shave they had in the course of just an hour life would become
insupportable.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr.


Q:	How do you pick up a quarter off of Polk Street?
A:	Kick it over to Van Ness.


Dammit Jim, I'm an actor not a doctor.


Bi, n.:
	When *everybody* thinks you're a pervert.


Sendmail may be safely run set-user-id to root.
		-- Eric Allman, "Sendmail Installation Guide"


Be sure to evaluate the bird-hand/bush ratio.


I'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be
living apart.
		-- e. e. cummings


God is dead and I don't feel all too well either....
		-- Ralph Moonen


