The real problem with hunting elephants carrying the decoys.


Where am I, and what am I doing in this handbasket?
		-- Mark A. Matthews, to Wes Peters, circa 1996


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #41:

Q:  Now, Mrs. Johnson, how was your first marriage terminated?
A:  By death.
Q:  And by whose death was it terminated?


I'm not laughing with you, I'm laughing at you.


Smile!  You're on Candid Camera.


I don't want to say that she had big tits, but one day I asked her
	just how big they was, and she said, "7 and 7/8".
I said, "7 and 7/8?!  What did you measure 'em with?"
And she replied, "A Stetson."


The angry man always thinks he can do more than he can.
		-- Albertano of Brescia


The most popular labor-saving device today is still a husband with money.
		-- Joey Adams, "Cindy and I"


Sherry [Thomas Sheridan] is dull, naturally dull; but it must have taken
him a great deal of pains to become what we now see him.  Such an excess
of stupidity, sir, is not in Nature.
		-- Samuel Johnson


Kettering's Observation:
	Logic is an organized way of going wrong with confidence.


Pardo's First Postulate:
	Anything good in life is either illegal, immoral, or
fattening.

Arnold's Addendum:
	Anything not fitting into these categories causes cancer in rats.


In Brooklyn, we had such great pennant races, it
made the World Series just something that came later.
		-- Walter O'Malley, Dodgers owner


A joint is just tea for two.


Never count your chickens before they rip your lips off.


Life is just a bowl of cherries, but why do I always get the pits?


If you look like your driver's license photo -- see a doctor.
If you look like your passport photo -- it's too late for a doctor.


Mixed emotions:
	Watching your mother-in-law back off a cliff...
	in your brand new Mercedes.


The onset and the waning of love make themselves felt
in the uneasiness experienced at being alone together.
		-- Jean de la Bruyere


National Sex Week -- don't let your meat loaf.


	"Anything else you wish to draw to my attention, Mr. Holmes ?"
	"The curious incident of the stable dog in the nighttime."
	"But the dog did nothing in the nighttime."
	"That was the curious incident."
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "Silver Blaze"


Sweet sixteen is beautiful Bess,
And her voice is changing -- from "No" to "Yes".


Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Never reveal your best argument.


She's genuinely bogus.


An effective way to deal with predators is to taste terrible.


Today's thrilling story has been brought to you by Mushies, the great new
cereal that gets soggy even without milk or cream.  Join us soon for more
spectacular adventure starring...  Tippy, the Wonder Dog!
		-- Bob & Ray


QOTD:
	"If he learns from his mistakes, pretty soon he'll know everything."


Kirk to Enterprise...


Candy
Is dandy
But liquor
Is quicker.
		-- Ogden Nash, "Reflections on Ice-Breaking"

Fortune updates the great quotes: #53.
	Candy is dandy; but liquor is quicker,
	and sex won't rot your teeth.


My rackets are run on strictly American
lines, and they're going to stay that way.
		-- Al Capone


... so long as the people do not care to exercise their freedom, those
who wish to tyrannize will do so; for tyrants are active and ardent,
and will devote themselves in the name of any number of gods, religious
and otherwise, to put shackles upon sleeping men.
		-- Voltarine de Cleyre


	Mr. Jones related an incident from "some time back" when IBM Canada
Ltd. of Markham, Ont., ordered some parts from a new supplier in Japan.  The
company noted in its order that acceptable quality allowed for 1.5 per cent
defects (a fairly high standard in North America at the time).
	The Japanese sent the order, with a few parts packaged separately in
plastic. The accompanying letter said: "We don't know why you want 1.5 per
cent defective parts, but for your convenience, we've packed them separately."
		-- Excerpted from an article in The (Toronto) Globe and Mail


If God had meant for Texans to ski he would have made bullshit white.


Democracy is a form of government in which it is permitted to wonder
aloud what the country could do under first-class management.
		-- Senator Soaper


When you are at Rome live in the Roman style;
when you are elsewhere live as they live elsewhere.
		-- St. Ambrose


Boren's Laws:
	(1) When in charge, ponder.
	(2) When in trouble, delegate.
	(3) When in doubt, mumble.


The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions.
		-- Alfred Adler


	One PAYDAY, MR. GOODBAR wanted a BIT O' HONEY.  So he took his Miss
HERSHEY behind the POWERHOUSE on the corner of 5th AVENUE and CLARK where he
there began to feel her MOUNDS.  And that was an ALMOND JOY which definitely
made his TOOTSIE ROLL.
	He let out a SNICKER as he slipped his BUTTERFINGER up her KIT KAT
which of course caused the MILKY WAY.  She screamed "OH, HENRY!" as she
squeezed his PETER, PAUL and ZAGNUTS and said "you're better then the 3
MUSKETEERS."
		-- John Volby (Dr. Dirty), "The Candy Bar Poem"


Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States.  Ask
any Indian.
		-- Robert Orben

Immigration is the sincerest form of flattery.
		-- Jack Paar


Do what comes naturally now.  Seethe and fume and throw a tantrum.


	Two gay guys, Larry and Phil, were driving down the highway when they
were rear-ended by a huge semi.  Somewhat shaken, they maneuvered over to the
side of the road, where Phil instructed Larry to get out and confront the truck
driver.  "Tell him we're going to sue, sue, sue!" he shrieked.
	Obligingly, Larry got out and went around to the cab of the truck to
deliver this message to the huge, burly driver, whose response was to snarl,
"Ah, why doncha suck my cock."
	"Phil," said Larry, coming back to their car, "I think we're going
to be able to settle out of court."


The groundhog is like most other prophets;
it delivers its message and then disappears.


The misnaming of fields of study is so common as to lead to what might be
general systems laws.  For example, Frank Harary once suggested the law that
any field that had the word "science" in its name was guaranteed thereby
not to be a science.  He would cite as examples Military Science, Library
Science, Political Science, Homemaking Science, Social Science, and Computer
Science.  Discuss the generality of this law, and possible reasons for its
predictive power.
		-- Gerald Weinberg, "An Introduction to General Systems
		   Thinking"


