Yeah, but you're taking the universe out of context.


Repel them.  Repel them.  Induce them to relinquish the spheroid.
		-- Indiana University football cheer


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#17

Shoes:
	 The average man has 4 pairs of footwear: running shoes, dress shoes,
boots, and slippers.  The average woman has shoes 4 layers thick on the floor
of her closet.  Most of them hurt her feet.

Making friends:
	 A woman will meet another woman with common interests, do a few things
together, and say something like, "I hope we can be good friends."
	A man will meet another man with common interests, do a few things
together, and say nothing.  After years of interacting with this other man,
sharing hopes and fears that he wouldn't confide in his priest or
psychiatrist, he'll finally let down his guard in a fit of drunken
sentimentality and say something like, "You know, for someone who's such a
jerk, I guess you're OK."


3 syncs represent the trinity -- init, the child and the eternal zombie
process.  In doing 3, you're paying homage to each and I think such
traditions are important in this shallow, mercurial business we find
ourselves in.
		-- Jordan K. Hubbard


The American Dental Association announced today that most plaque tends
to form on teeth around 4:00 PM in the afternoon.

Film at 11:00.


IBM Pollyanna Principle:
	Machines should work.  People should think.


People who think they know everything
greatly annoy those of us who do.


Dear Mister Language Person: I am curious about the expression, "Part
of this complete breakfast".  The way it comes up is, my 5-year-old
will be watching TV cartoon shows in the morning, and they'll show a
commercial for a children's compressed breakfast compound such as
"Froot Loops" or "Lucky Charms", and they always show it sitting on a
table next to some actual food such as eggs, and the announcer always
says: "Part of this complete breakfast".  Don't that really mean,
"Adjacent to this complete breakfast", or "On the same table as this
complete breakfast"?  And couldn't they make essentially the same claim
if, instead of Froot Loops, they put a can of shaving cream there, or a
dead bat?

Answer: Yes.
		-- Dave Barry, "Tips for Writer's"


If God had wanted people to give blow
jobs, he wouldn't have given them teeth.


Satire is tragedy plus time.
		-- Lenny Bruce


The camel has a single hump;
The dromedary two;
Or else the other way around.
I'm never sure.  Are you?
		-- Ogden Nash


Did you know that Spiro Agnew is an anagram of "Grow a Penis"?


In my sweet little night gown of blue,
On the first night that I slept with you,
	I was both shy and scared
	As the bed was prepared,
And you played peekaboo with my ribbons of blue.

As we both watched the break of day,
And in peaceful submission I lay,
	You said you adored it
	But dammit, you tore it,
My sweet little night gown of blue.


The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always
so certain of themselves, and wiser people so full of doubts.
		-- Bertrand Russell


In the long run we are all dead.
		-- John Maynard Keynes


O'Riordan's Theorem:
	Brains x Beauty = Constant.

Purmal's Corollary:
	As the limit of (Brains x Beauty) goes to infinity,
availability goes to zero.


I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with
sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use.
		-- Galileo Galilei


Confidence is simply that quiet, assured feeling you have before you
fall flat on your face.
		-- Dr. L. Binder


Hear about...
	the guy who couldn't find his way to the orgy?  Just kind of lost
	his ball bearings.


PLUNDERER'S THEME
	(to Supercalifragilisticexpialidocius)

Pillage, rape, and loot and burn, but all in moderation.
If you do the things we say, then you'll soon rule the nation.
Kill your foes and enemies and then kill your relations.
Pillage, rape, and loot and burn, but all in moderation.


QOTD:
	"I've got one last thing to say before I go; give me back
	all of my stuff."


You should never wear your best trousers
when you go out to fight for freedom and liberty.
		-- Henrik Ibsen


The last thing one knows in constructing a work is what to put first.
		-- Blaise Pascal


GREAT MOMENTS IN HISTORY (#7):  November 23, 1915

Pancake make-up is invented; most people continue to prefer syrup.


Everything is possible.  Pass the word.
		-- Rita Mae Brown, "Six of One"


Test for paraquat:
	Take amount of grass used in one joint, and wash in 5 cc's
	of water, agitating gently for 15 minutes.  Strain out leaves,
	leaving a brownish-yellow solution.  Add 100 mg each of sodium
	bicarbonate and sodium dithionite. If paraquat is present,
	the solution will turn blue-green.


You have an unusual equipment for success.
Be sure to use it properly.


The divinity of Jesus is made a convenient cover for absurdity.  Nowhere in
the Gospels do we find a precept for Creeds, Confessions, Oaths, Doctrines,
and whole carloads of other foolish trumpery that we find in Christianity.
		-- John Adams


Save a tree -- kill an ISO working group today.
		-- Jason Zions


Optimist, n.:
	A bagpiper with a beeper.


Cecil, you're my final hope
Of finding out the true Straight Dope
For I have been reading of Schrodinger's cat
But none of my cats are at all like that.
This unusual animal (so it is said)
Is simultaneously alive and dead!
What I don't understand is just why he
Can't be one or the other, unquestionably.
My future now hangs in between eigenstates.
In one I'm enlightened, in the other I ain't.
If *you* understand, Cecil, then show me the way
And rescue my psyche from quantum decay.
But if this queer thing has perplexed even you,
Then I will *_a_n_d* I won't see you in Schrodinger's zoo.
		-- Randy F., Chicago, "The Straight Dope, a compendium
		   of human knowledge" by Cecil Adams


What is truth?  We must adopt a pragmatic definition: it is what is believed
to be the truth.  A lie that is put across therefore becomes the truth and
may, therefore, be justified.  The difficulty is to keep up lying... it is
simpler to tell the truth and if a sufficient emergency arises, to tell one,
big thumping lie that will then be believed.
		-- Ministry of Information, memo on the maintenance of
		   British civilian morale, 1939


Ah, my friends, from the prison, they ask unto me,
"How good, how good does it feel to be free?"
And I answer them most mysteriously:
"Are birds free from the chains of the sky-way?"
		-- Bob Dylan


Some of the management around here are the final proof that the Indians
fucked the buffalo.


The end of labor is to gain leisure.


You don't have to be nice to people on the way up
if you're not planning on coming back down.
		-- Oliver Warbucks, "Annie"


Modesty is a vastly overrated virtue.
		-- J. K. Galbraith


Hear about...
	the ambitious secretary who walked into her boss's office and
	demanded a salary on next week's advance?


Women are always anxious to urge bachelors to matrimony; is it
from charity, or revenge?
		-- Gustave Vapereau


	I'd say that VCS is more like the anal sex of the software
world: Everybody talks about it, some people do it, some people enjoy
it, but typically only vague implications about the best techniques
are ever voiced in public.
              -- Warner Losh, on Version Control Systems


If you want to put yourself on the map, publish your own map.


Perhaps the most widespread illusion is that if we were in power we would
behave very differently from those who now hold it -- when, in truth, in
order to get power we would have to become very much like them.  (Lenin's
fatal mistake, both in theory and in practice.)


This guy, see, was walkin' down the street sportin' two -- not one, but two
-- black eyes; a coupla real shiners.  He chanced upon his buddy walkin' th'
other way... they stopped to talk...  "Hey guy," sez his buddy, "where'd'ja
git them good lookin' shiners?  Musta been a helluva fight."
	"Well, actually, I got them in church," sez he.
	"Nowwaitaminnit," sez the friend, "nobody gits black eyes in church!"
	"I swear I did," sez he, "and here's how it happened.  We all got up
to sing a hymn, you see, and the fat lady in front of me got her dress all
stuck up in the crack of her butt, so bein' as how I'm a real gennulman an'
all, well, I leaned forward and pulled it out for her.  And you know what?
She just turned around, hauled off and slugged me one!"
	"Well," his buddy replies, after he can talk again, "that shore 'nuff
explains one of 'em.  Howdja git th' other one?"
	"Well," sez he, "like I said, I'm a gennulman, even when somebody does
me wrong, so when I saw she didn't like it like that, I stuck it back in."


All life evolves by the differential survival of replicating entities.
		-- Richard Dawkins


A word to the wise is enough.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


My father was a creole, his father a Negro, and his father a monkey; my
family, it seems, begins where yours left off.
		-- Alexandre Dumas, pere


In the plot, people came to the land; the land loved them; they worked and
struggled and had lots of children.  There was a Frenchman who talked funny
and a greenhorn from England who was a fancy-pants but when it came to the
crunch he was all courage.  Those novels would make you retch.
		-- Canadian novelist Robertson Davies, on the generic Canadian
		   novel.


For the next hour, WE will control all that you see and hear.


For every bloke who makes his mark,
there's half a dozen waiting to rub it out.
		-- Andy Capp


Spock: We suffered 23 casualties in that attack, Captain.


I want to reach your mind -- where is it currently located?


Now there's three things you can do in a baseball game:
you can win or you can lose or it can rain.
		-- Casey Stengel


Sniff sniff...  Hey!  Who farted?


Roumanian-Yiddish cooking has killed more Jews than Hitler.
		-- Zero Mostel


Mr. Rection, Mr. Hugh G. Rection, please pick up a white courtesy telephone!


Hear that...
	there's an establishment near the White House that caters to kinky
	tastes?  There's a House whip in attendance, of course?


Our swords shall play the orators for us.
		-- Christopher Marlowe


... all the good computer designs are bootlegged; the formally planned
products, if they are built at all, are dogs!
		-- David E. Lundstrom, "A Few Good Men From Univac",
		   MIT Press, 1987


Biology is the only science in which
multiplication means the same thing as division.


When it all boils down to the essence of truth one must live by a dog's
rule of life: if you can't eat it or fuck it, piss on it!


You can't hold a man down without staying down with him.
		-- Booker T. Washington


All people are born alike -- except Republicans and Democrats.
		-- Groucho Marx


It is better to live rich than to die rich.
		-- Samuel Johnson


Nostalgia just isn't what it used to be.


For every complex problem, there is a solution that is simple, neat,
and wrong.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Many companies that have made themselves dependent on [the equipment of a
certain major manufacturer] (and in doing so have sold their soul to the
devil) will collapse under the sheer weight of the unmastered complexity of
their data processing systems.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


I should have been a country-western singer.  After all, I'm older than
most western countries.
		-- George Burns


You can't take damsel here now.


Dianetics is a milestone for man comparable to his discovery of
fire and superior to his invention of the wheel and the arch.
		-- L. Ron Hubbard


I guess I've been so wrapped up in playing the game that I never took
time enough to figure out where the goal line was -- what it meant to
win -- or even how you won.
		-- Cash McCall


If you lived today as if it were your last, you'd buy up a box of rockets
and fire them all off, wouldn't you?
		-- Garrison Keillor


Things will get better despite our efforts to improve them.
		-- Will Rogers


Shannon's Observation
	Nothing is so frustrating as a bad situation
	that is beginning to improve.


And I suppose the little things are harder to get used to than the big
ones.  The big ones you get used to, you make up your mind to them.  The
little things come along unexpectedly, when you aren't thinking about
them, aren't braced against them.
		-- Marion Zimmer Bradley, "The Forbidden Tower"


Things will be bright in P.M.
A cop will shine a light in your face.


I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
		-- Publilius Syrus


Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the Law.
		-- Aleister Crowley


There are only six Democrats in all of Hinsdale County and you, you son of
a bitch, you ate five of them.
		-- Colorado judge, sentencing Alfred E. Packer for
		   cannibalism in 1874.


Thank goodness modern convenience is a thing of the remote future.
		-- Pogo, by Walt Kelly


Yes, I've now got this nice little apartment in New York, one of those
L-shaped ones.  Unfortunately, it's a lower case l.
		-- Rita Rudner


Bug, n.:
	An elusive creature living in a program that makes it incorrect.
	The activity of "debugging", or removing bugs from a program, ends
	when people get tired of doing it, not when the bugs are removed.
		-- "Datamation", January 15, 1984


Non-sequiturs make me eat lampshades.


Good evening, gentlemen.  I am a HAL 9000 computer.  I became operational
at the HAL plant in Urbana, Illinois, on January 11th, nineteen hundred
ninety-five.  My supervisor was Mr. Langley, and he taught me to sing a
song.  If you would like, I could sing it for you.


I cannot and will not cut my conscience to fit this year's fashions.
		-- Lillian Hellman


In the long run we are all dead.
		-- John Maynard Keynes


Youth is a blunder, manhood a struggle, old age a regret.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli, "Coningsby"


If you wish to succeed, consult three old people.


Dreams are free, but there's a small charge for alterations.


The day advanced as if to light some work of mine; it was morning,
and lo! now it is evening, and nothing memorable is accomplished.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


At the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will find
at least two human errors, including the error of blaming it on the computer.


So as your consumer electronics adviser, I am advising you to donate
your current VCR to a grate resident, who will laugh sardonically and
hurl it into a dumpster.  Then I want you to go out and purchase a vast
array of 8-millimeter video equipment.

... OK!  Got everything?  Well, *too bad, sucker*, because while you
were gone the electronics industry came up with an even newer format
that makes your 8-millimeter VCR look as technologically advanced as
toenail dirt.  This format is called "3.5 hectare" and it will not be
made available until it is outmoded, sometime early next week, by a
format called "Elroy", so *order yours now*.
		-- Dave Barry, "No Surrender in the Electronics
		   Revolution"


Q:	Why is it that the more accuracy you demand from an interpolation
	function, the more expensive it becomes to compute?
A:	That's the Law of Spline Demand.


		Double Bucky
	(Sung to the tune of "Rubber Duckie")

Double bucky, you're the one!
You make my keyboard lots of fun
	Double bucky, an additional bit or two:
(Vo-vo-de-o!)
Control and Meta side by side,
Augmented ASCII, nine bits wide!
	Double bucky, a half a thousand glyphs, plus a few!

Double bucky, left and right
OR'd together, outta sight!
	Double bucky, I'd like a whole word of
	Double bucky, I'm happy I heard of
	Double bucky, I'd like a whole word of you!
		-- Guy L. Steele, Jr., (C) 1978
		(to Nicholas Wirth, who suggested that an extra bit
		be added to terminal codes on 36-bit machines for use
		by screen editors.)


A long memory is the most subversive idea in America.


A good scapegoat is hard to find.


Carperpetuation (kar' pur pet u a shun), n.:
	The act, when vacuuming, of running over a string at least a
	dozen times, reaching over and picking it up, examining it,
	then putting it back down to give the vacuum one more chance.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Many a man who thinks he's going on a maiden voyage with
a woman finds out later that it was just a shake-down cruise.


Bennett's Laws of Horticulture:
	(1)  Houses are for people to live in.
	(2)  Gardens are for plants to live in.
	(3)  There is no such thing as a houseplant.


paak, n:	A stadium or inclosed playing field. To put or leave (a
			vehicle) for a time in a certain location.
patato, n:	The starchy, edible tuber of a widely cultivated plant.
Septemba, n:	The 9th month of the year.
shua, n:	Having no doubt; certain.
sista, n:	A female having the same mother and father as the speaker.
tamato, n:	A fleshy, smooth-skinned reddish fruit eaten in salads
			or as a vegetable.
troopa, n:	A state policeman.
Wista, n:	A city in central Masschewsetts.
yaad, n:	A tract of ground adjacent to a building.
		-- Massachewsetts Unabridged Dictionary


Many pages make a thick book, except for pocket Bibles which are on very
thin paper.


