Now I lay me back to sleep.
The speaker's dull; the subject's deep.
If he should stop before I wake,
Give me a nudge for goodness' sake.
		-- Anonymous


When my brain begins to reel from my
literary labors, I make an occasional cheese dip.
		-- Ignatius Reilly


Our swords shall play the orators for us.
		-- Christopher Marlowe


MORE SPORTS RESULTS:
The Beverly Hills Freudians tied the Chicago Rogerians 0-0 last Saturday
night.  The match started with a long period of silence while the Freudians
waited for the Rogerians to free associate and the Rogerians waited for
the Freudians to say something they could paraphrase.  The stalemate was
broken when the Freudians' best player took the offensive and interpreted
the Rogerians' silence as reflecting their anal-retentive personalities.
At this the Rogerians' star player said "I hear you saying you think we're
full of ka-ka."  This started a fight and the match was called by officials.


When we understand knowledge-based systems, it will be as before --
except our fingertips will have been singed.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


If a camel is a horse designed by a committee, then a consensus forecast
is a camel's behind.
		-- Edgar R. Fiedler


Old programmers never die, they just branch to a new address.


Too much of everything is just enough.
		-- Bob Wier


Q:	How does a single woman in New York get rid of cockroaches?
A:	She asks them for a commitment.


It was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead.


I'm a lucky guy, and I'm happy to be with the Yankees.  And I want to
thank everyone for making this night necessary.
		-- Yogi Berra at a dinner in his honor


Wiker's Law:
	Government expands to absorb all
	available revenue and then some.


Persons attempting to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted;
persons attempting to find a moral in it will be banished; persons attempting
to find a plot in it will be shot.  By Order of the Author
		-- Mark Twain, "Tom Sawyer"


God must have loved calories, she made so many of them.


Christ died for our sins.  Dare we make his martyrdom meaningless by not
committing them?
		-- Jules Feiffer


Many are called, few are chosen.
Fewer still get to do the choosing.


When license fees are too high,
users do things by hand.
When the management is too intrusive,
users lose their spirit.

Hack for the user's benefit.
Trust them; leave them alone.


The future is a race between education and catastrophe.
		-- H. G. Wells


OK, now let's look at four dimensions on the blackboard.
		-- Dr. Joy


Too many of his [Mozart's] works sound like interoffice memos.
		-- Glenn Gould


... So the documentary-makers stick with sharks.  Generally, their
procedure is to scatter bleeding fish pieces around their boat, so as
to infest the waters.  I would estimate that the primary food source of
sharks today is bleeding fish pieces scattered by people making
documentaries.  Once the sharks arrive, they are generally fairly
listless.  The general shark attitude seems to be: "Oh God, another
documentary."  So the divers have to somehow goad them into attacking,
under the guise of Scientific Research.  "We know very little about the
effect of electricity on sharks," the narrator will say, in a deeply
scientific voice.  "That is why Todd is going to jab this Great White
in the testicles with a cattle prod."  The divers keep this kind of
thing up until the shark finally gets irritated and snaps at them, and
then they act as though this was a totally unexpected and very
dangerous development, although clearly it is what they wanted all along.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wonders of Sharks on TV"


A physicist is an atom's way of knowing about atoms.
		-- George Wald


If at first you don't succeed, you must be a programmer.


You are lost in the Swamps of Despair.


The more things change, the more they stay insane.


QOTD:
	"Well, let's say she's friendly.  Last year she was the Herpes
	Poster Girl."


Infancy, n.:
	The period of our lives when, according to Wordsworth, "Heaven lies
	about us."  The world begins lying about us pretty soon afterward.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Fine day to throw a party.  Throw him as far as you can.


A hypocrite is a person who ... but who isn't?
		-- Don Marquis


I am not a politician and my other habits are also good.
		-- A. Ward


A continuing flow of paper is sufficient to continue the flow of paper.
		-- Dyer


If you keep your mind sufficiently open, people will throw a lot of
rubbish into it.
		-- William Orton


Is that really YOU that is reading this?


I never trust a man unless I've got his pecker in my pocket.
		-- Lyndon B. Johnson

I've got Hubert's pecker in my pocket.
		-- Lyndon B. Johnson


Your aim is high and to the right.


Dr. Livingston?
Dr. Livingston I. Presume?


You have a message from the operator.


QOTD:
	"He eats like a bird... five times his own weight each day."


If you have nothing to do, don't do it here.


	"Don't come back until you have him", the Tick-Tock Man said quietly,
sincerely, extremely dangerously.
	They used dogs.  They used probes.  They used cardio plate crossoffs.
They used teepers.  They used bribery.  They used stick tites.  They used
intimidation.  They used torment.  They used torture.  They used finks.
They used cops.  They used search and seizure.  They used fallaron.  They
used betterment incentives.  They used finger prints.  They used the
bertillion system.  They used cunning.  They used guile.  They used treachery.
They used Raoul-Mitgong but he wasn't much help.  They used applied physics.
They used techniques of criminology.  And what the hell, they caught him.
		-- Harlan Ellison, "Repent, Harlequin, said the Tick-Tock Man"


Sir Francis Drake circumcised the world with a 100 foot clipper.


The office brown-noser named Bunky
Would claim he was nobody's flunky.
	But when the chips were all down,
	His proboscis was brown,
And there hung many strands which were gunky.


Pascal is a language for children wanting to be naughty.
		-- Dr. Kasi Ananthanarayanan


The best prophet of the future is the past.


Ma Bell runs a baudy house.


Men live for three things, fast cars, fast women and fast food.


You had some happiness once,
but your parents moved away, and you had to leave it behind.


Why is it taking so long for her to bring out all the good in you?


Introducing, the 1010, a one-bit processor.

INSTRUCTION SET
	Code	Mnemonic	What
	0	NOP		No Operation
	1	JMP		Jump (address specified by next 2 bits)

Now Available for only 12 1/2 cents!


No sooner said than done -- so acts your man of worth.
		-- Quintus Ennius


God shows his contempt for wealth by the kind of person he selects
to receive it.
		-- Austin O'Malley


I'm not stupid, I'm not expendable, and I'M NOT GOING!


For I do not do the good I want, but the evil I do not want is what I do.
		-- Paul of Tarsus, (Saint Paul)


Like all young men, you greatly exaggerate
the difference between one young woman and another.
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "Major Barbara"


Abandon the search for Truth; settle for a good fantasy.


Engineering:	"How will this work?"
Science:	"Why will this work?"
Management:	"When will this work?"
Liberal Arts:	"Do you want fries with that?"


There is no delight the equal of dread.
As long as it is somebody else's.
		-- Clive Barker


The streets were dark with something more than night.
		-- Raymond Chandler


Q:	What's bruised, bleeding, and lies in a ditch?
A:	Somebody who tells Aggie jokes.


The best case:	   Get salary from America, build a house in England,
			live with a Japanese wife, and eat Chinese food.
Pretty good case:  Get salary from England, build a house in America,
			live with a Chinese wife, and eat Japanese food.
The worst case:    Get salary from China, build a house in Japan,
			live with a British wife, and eat American food.
		-- Bungei Shunju, a popular Japanese magazine


Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set:

PI	Punch Invalid
POPI	Punch Operator Immediately
PVLC	Punch Variable Length Card
RASC	Read And Shred Card
RPM	Read Programmers Mind
RSSC	Reduce Speed, Step Carefully (for improved accuracy)
RTAB	Rewind Tape and Break
RWDSK	Rewind Disk
RWOC	Read Writing On Card
SCRBL	Scribble to disk - faster than a write
SLC	Search for Lost Chord
SPSW	Scramble Program Status Word
SRSD	Seek Record and Scar Disk
STROM	Store in Read Only Memory
TDB	Transfer and Drop Bit
WBT	Water Binary Tree


His super power is to turn into a scotch terrier.


Most people can't understand how others can blow their noses differently
than they do.
		-- Turgenev


It was one time too many
One word too few
It was all too much for me and you
There was one way to go
Nothing more we could do
One time too many
One word too few
		-- Meredith Tanner


Beauty seldom recommends one woman to another.


Like the time I ran away...
And turned around and you were standing close to me.
		-- YES, "Going For The One/Awaken"


Dear Emily:
	I'm having a serious disagreement with somebody on the net. I
tried complaints to his sysadmin, organizing mail campaigns, called for
his removal from the net and phoning his employer to get him fired.
Everybody laughed at me.  What can I do?
		-- A Concerned Citizen

Dear Concerned:
	Go to the daily papers.  Most modern reporters are top-notch computer
experts who will understand the net, and your problems, perfectly.  They
will print careful, reasoned stories without any errors at all, and surely
represent the situation properly to the public.  The public will also all
act wisely, as they are also fully cognizant of the subtle nature of net
society.
	Papers never sensationalize or distort, so be sure to point out things
like racism and sexism wherever they might exist.  Be sure as well that they
understand that all things on the net, particularly insults, are meant
literally.  Link what transpires on the net to the causes of the Holocaust, if
possible.  If regular papers won't take the story, go to a tabloid paper --
they are always interested in good stories.


Every time I lose weight, it finds me again!


James McNeill Whistler's (painter of "Whistler's Mother") failure in his
West Point chemistry examination once provoked him to remark in later life,
"If silicon had been a gas, I should have been a major general."


Go to a movie tonight.
Darkness becomes you.


In bed Dr. Oscar McPugh
Spoke of Spengler -- and ate crackers too.
	His wife said, "Oh, stuff
	That philosophy guff
Up your ass, dear, and throw me a screw!"


Total strangers need love, too; and I'm stranger than most.


I do enjoy a good long walk -- especially when my wife takes one.


Jack be nimble, Jack be quick.
Jack jumped over the candle stick,
And burnt his balls.


About the only thing we have left that actually
discriminates in favor of the plain people is the stork.


There is a God, but He drinks.
		-- Blore


[The members of the Chamberlain government] are decided only to be
undecided, resolved to be irresolute, adamant for drift, all-powerful
for impotency.
		-- Winston Churchill


A New Yorker is riding down the road in his new Mercedes.  So intent is he
on the cocaine in his hand he completely misses a turn and his car plunges
over the five-hundred-foot cliff to be smashed into pieces at the bottom.
As the on-lookers rush to the edge of the cliff they see him fifty feet
from the top of the cliff clinging to a stunted bush with all his strength.
"Dear Lord," he prays, "I never asked you for nothin' before, but I'm askin'
you now: Save me, Lord, save me."
	Booms the Lord: "LET GO OF THE BRANCH."
	"But Lord, if I do that, I'll fall!"
	"TRUST ME, LET GO OF THE BRANCH."
	"But Lord, I'm gonna fall and die..."
	"TRUST ME TO SAVE YOU.  LET GO OF THE BRANCH."
	Okay, Lord, I'll trust you, here I...  here I go!"  And he falls
to his death.
	"DUMB YANKEE."


Never tell.  Not if you love your wife ... In fact, if your old lady walks
in on you, deny it.  Yeah.  Just flat out and she'll believe it: "I'm
tellin' ya.  This chick came downstairs with a sign around her neck `Lay
On Top Of Me Or I'll Die'.  I didn't know what I was gonna do..."
		-- Lenny Bruce


	Two longtime friends sipped Scotch in a local bar and talked about
their troubles.  "And on top of everything else," said the first, "my wife
has cut me down to just once a week."
	"That's too bad," agreed his friend, "but it could be worse.  I know
two guys she's cut off altogether.


Real Users find the one combination of bizarre input values that shuts
down the system for days.


Just what does "it" mean in the sentence, "What time is it?"


LIBRA (Sept 23 - Oct 22)
	You are the artistic type and have a difficult time with
reality.  If you are a man, you are more than likely gay.  Chances for
employment and monetary gains are excellent.  Most Libra women are
prostitutes.  All Libra people die of Venereal disease.


The things that interest people most are usually none of their business.


It is difficult to soar with the eagles when you work with turkeys.


He did decide, though, that with more time and a great deal of mental
effort, he could probably turn the activity into an acceptable
perversion.
		-- Mick Farren, "When Gravity Fails"


We seldom repent talking too little, but very often talking too much.
		-- Jean de la Bruyere


Whatever doesn't succeed in two months and a half in California will
never succeed.
		-- Rev. Henry Durant, founder of the University of California


A neighbor came to Nasrudin, asking to borrow his donkey.  "It is out on
loan," the teacher replied.  At that moment, the donkey brayed loudly inside
the stable.  "But I can hear it bray, over there."  "Whom do you believe,"
asked Nasrudin, "me or a donkey?"


Q:	How many Marxists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	None:  The lightbulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.


Seems to me that both the Democrats and the Republicans should change their
symbols to a contraceptive device; it stands for inflation, inhibits
production, protects a bunch of pricks and gives everyone a false sense of
security while they're being screwed.


The two most common things in the Universe are hydrogen and stupidity.
		-- Harlan Ellison


You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.


Law of the Yukon:
	Only the lead dog gets a change of scenery.


Grelb's Reminder:
	Eighty percent of all people consider
	themselves to be above average drivers.


My pen is at the bottom of a page,
Which, being finished, here the story ends;
'Tis to be wished it had been sooner done,
But stories somehow lengthen when begun.
		-- Byron


Recursion: n. See Recursion.
		-- Random Shack Data Processing Dictionary


Cthulhu Saves -- in case He's hungry later.


If the standard says that [things] depend on the phase of the moon,
the programmer should be prepared to look out the window as necessary.
		-- Chris Torek


For God's sake, stop researching for a while and begin to think!


Don't kid yourself.  Little is relevant, and nothing lasts forever.


The Universe is populated by stable things.
		-- Richard Dawkins


Don't go to bed with no price on your head.
		-- Baretta


What with chromodynamics and electroweak too
Our Standardized Model should please even you,
Tho' once you did say that of charm there was none
It took courage to switch as to say Earth moves not Sun.
Yet your state of the union penultimate large
Is the last known haunt of the Fractional Charge,
And as you surf in the hot tub with sourdough roll
Please ponder the passing of your sole Monopole.
Your Olympics were fun, you should bring them all back
For transsexual tennis or Anamalon Track,
But Hollywood movies remain sinfully crude
Whether seen on the telly or Remotely Viewed.
Now fasten your sunbelts, for you've done it once more,
You said it in Leipzig of the thing we adore,
That you've built an incredible crystalline sphere
Whose German attendants spread trembling and fear
Of the death of our theory by Particle Zeta
Which I'll bet is not there say your article, later.
		-- Sheldon Glashow, Physics Today, December, 1984


Hacking's just another word for nothing left to kludge.


Skill without imagination is craftsmanship and gives us many useful
objects such as wickerwork picnic baskets.  Imagination without skill
gives us modern art.
		-- Tom Stoppard


Parkinson's Fourth Law:
	The number of people in any working group tends to increase
	regardless of the amount of work to be done.


We really don't have any enemies.
It's just that some of our best friends are trying to kill us.


He that composes himself is wiser than he that composes a book.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


			Pittsburgh driver's test
2: A traffic light at an intersection changes from yellow to red, you should
	a) stop immediately.
	b) proceed slowly through the intersection.
	c) blow the horn.
	d) floor it.
The correct answer is d.
If you said c, you were almost right, so give yourself a half point.


MAC user's dynamic debugging list evaluator?  Never heard of that.


The best executive is one who has sense enough to pick good people to do
what he wants done, and self-restraint enough to keep from meddling with
them while they do it.
		-- Theodore Roosevelt


Any dramatic series the producers want us to take seriously as a
representation of contemporary reality cannot be taken seriously as a
representation of anything -- except a show to be ignored by anyone
capable of sitting upright in a chair and chewing gum simultaneously.
		-- Richard Schickel


Alive without breath,
As cold as death;
Never thirsty, ever drinking,
All in mail ever clinking.


THE BEATLES:
	Paul McCartney's old back-up band.


Build a better mousetrap, the saying goes -- and with the brassiere,
Yankee Ingenuity did exactly that.  But their true stroke of genius was
the new bait.  The old fashioned mousetrap was loaded with cheese;
nobody cares much about cheese, except mice.  But when American
Know-How reloaded the brassiere with tits, every heterosexual male in
the country was hopelessly trapped.
		-- Alan Sherman, "The Rape of the A*P*E*"


She was wearing a very tight skirt, and when she tried to board the Fifth
Avenue bus she found she couldn't lift her leg.  She reached back and
unzipped her zipper.  It didn't seem to do any good, so she reached back
and unzipped it again.  Suddenly the man behind her lifted her up and put
her on the top step.
	"How dare you?" she demanded.
	"Well, lady," he said, "by the time you unzipped my fly for the
second time I thought we'd become good friends."


It's pretty hard to tell what does bring happiness;
poverty and wealth have both failed.
		-- Kin Hubbard


When neither their poverty nor their honor is
touched, the majority of men live content.
		-- Niccolo Machiavelli


One toke over the line, sweet Mary,
One toke over the line,
Sittin' downtown in a railway station,
One toke over the line.
Waitin' for the train that goes home,
Hopin' that the train is on time,
Sittin' downtown in a railway station,
One toke over the line.


Sure, Reagan has promised to take senility tests.  But what if he
forgets?


A Tale of Two Cities LITE(tm)
	-- by Charles Dickens

	A man in love with a girl who loves another man who looks just
	like him has his head chopped off in France because of a mean
	lady who knits.

Crime and Punishment LITE(tm)
	-- by Fyodor Dostoyevsky

	A man sends a nasty letter to a pawnbroker, but later
	feels guilty and apologizes.

The Odyssey LITE(tm)
	-- by Homer

	After working late, a valiant warrior gets lost on his way home.


If you hype something and it succeeds, you're a genius -- it wasn't a
hype.  If you hype it and it fails, then it was just a hype.
		-- Neil Bogart


Moderation in all things.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer [Terence]


The Great Movie Posters:

SEE rebel guerrillas torn apart by trucks!
SEE corpses cut to pieces and fed to dogs and vultures!
SEE the monkey trained to perform nursing duties for her paralyzed owner!
		-- Sweet and Savage (1983)

What a Guy!  What a Gal!  What a Pair!
		-- Stroker Ace (1983)

It's always better when you come again!
		-- Porky's II: The Next Day (1983)

You Don't Have to Go to Texas for a Chainsaw Massacre!
		-- Pieces (1983)


Since everything in life is but an experience perfect in being what it is,
having nothing to do with good or bad, acceptance or rejection, one may well
burst out in laughter.
		-- Long Chen Pa


	A father gave his teenage daughter an untrained pedigreed pup for
her birthday.  An hour later, when wandered through the house, he found her
looking at a puddle in the center of the kitchen.  "My pup," she murmured
sadly, "runneth over."


Moon, n.:
	1. A celestial object whose phase is very important to
hackers.  See PHASE OF THE MOON.  2. Dave Moon (MOON@MC).


When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


A virtuous abstinence from the joys of pederasty
comes most easily to those who have no taste for it.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Generic Fortune.


Two young men seated in a restaurant were watching a customer busily
disposing of a plate of oysters on the half shell.  One of the young
men remarked to his friend,
	"Did you ever hear that business about raw oysters being
good for a man's virility?"
	"Yes, why?" the friend replied.
	"Well, take it from me, that's a lot of foolishness.  I ate a
dozen of them the other night, and only nine worked."


We wish you a Hare Krishna
We wish you a Hare Krishna
We wish you a Hare Krishna
And a Sun Myung Moon!
		-- Maxwell Smart


Every word is like an unnecessary stain on silence and nothingness.
		-- Beckett


College is like a woman -- you work so hard to get in, and nine months
later you wish you'd never come.


Life is like arriving late for a movie, having to figure out what was
going on without bothering everybody with a lot of questions, and then
being unexpectedly called away before you find out how it ends.


Randel, n.:
	A nonsensical poem recited by Irish schoolboys as an apology
for farting at a friend.
		-- Mrs. Byrne's Dictionary of Unusual, Obscure, and
		   Preposterous Words


God is Dead.
		-- Nietzsche
Nietzsche is Dead.
		-- God
Nietzsche is God.
		-- The Dead


The trouble with computers is that they do
what you tell them, not what you want.
		-- D. Cohen


Oh, Aunty Em, it's so good to be home!


QOTD:
	"Sacred cows make great hamburgers."


A handful of friends is worth more than a wagon of gold.


Did you know?
		EVERY TIME A LOAF OF BREAD IS BAKED,
			   APPROXIMATELY
		       150,000,000 YEASTS ARE
			      KILLED

		 Come to the award-winning 1987 film,
		  "The Very Small and Quiet Screams"
	-- a cinematic electromicrograph of yeasts being baked.

A must for those who care about yeast, and especially for those who don't.

			     SPONSORED BY
		Brown Anaerobe Rights Coalition (BARC)
	       Student Bakers for Social Responsibility
	      Coalition for the ELevation of Life (CELL)
		   Campus Crusade for Fetal Matters

Defend all life: "From greatest to least, from human to yeast!"


Q:	How many Marxists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	None:  The lightbulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.


Women treat us just as humanity treats its gods.  They worship
us and are always bothering us to do something for them.
		-- Wilde


QOTD:
	"What would the world be like without men?  A lot of fat,
	happy women."


Printers do it without wrinkling the sheets.


I belong to no organized party.  I am a Democrat.
		-- Will Rogers


I have just enough white in me to make my honesty questionable.
		-- Will Rogers


If atheism is to be used to express the state of mind in which God is
identified with the unknowable, and theology is pronounced to be a
collection of meaningless words about unintelligible chimeras, then
I have no doubt, and I think few people doubt, that atheists are as
plentiful as blackberries.
		-- Leslie Stephen


From the moment I picked your book up until I put it down I was
convulsed with laughter.  Some day I intend reading it.
		-- Groucho Marx, from "The Book of Insults"


Psychiatry enables us to correct our faults by confessing our parents'
shortcomings.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter, "Peter's Principles"


FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #15

A:	The Royal Canadian Mounted Police.
Q:	What was the greatest achievement in taxidermy?


Speaking of love, one problem that recurs more and more frequently these
days, in books and plays and movies, is the inability of people to communicate
with the people they love; Husbands and wives who can't communicate, children
who can't communicate with their parents, and so on.  And the characters in
these books and plays and so on (and in real life, I might add) spend hours
bemoaning the fact that they can't communicate.  I feel that if a person can't
communicate, the very least he can do is to shut up!
		-- Tom Lehrer, "That Was the Year that Was"


   n = ((n >>  1) & 0x55555555) | ((n <<  1) & 0xaaaaaaaa);
   n = ((n >>  2) & 0x33333333) | ((n <<  2) & 0xcccccccc);
   n = ((n >>  4) & 0x0f0f0f0f) | ((n <<  4) & 0xf0f0f0f0);
   n = ((n >>  8) & 0x00ff00ff) | ((n <<  8) & 0xff00ff00);
   n = ((n >> 16) & 0x0000ffff) | ((n << 16) & 0xffff0000);

		-- C code which reverses the bits in a word


SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22 to Dec. 21)
	Move slowly today, be deliberate.  Indications are for bleeding
	ulcers.  Drink milk.  Try not to be your usual offensive and
	obnoxious self.  Call your mother.


Harvard Law:
	Under the most rigorously controlled conditions of pressure,
	temperature, volume, humidity, and other variables, the
	organism will do as it damn well pleases.


Why I Can't Go Out With You:

I'd LOVE to, but...
	-- I've got a Friends of the Lowly Rutabaga meeting.
	-- I promised to help a friend fold road maps.
	-- I've been scheduled for a karma transplant.
	-- I'm staying home to work on my cottage cheese sculpture.
	-- It's my parakeet's bowling night.
	-- I'm building a plant from a kit.
	-- There's a disturbance in the Force.
	-- I'm doing door-to-door collecting for static cling.
	-- I'm teaching my ferret to yodel.
	-- My crayons all melted together.


I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.
		-- Mae West


Don't compare floating point numbers solely for equality.


OK, so you're a Ph.D.  Just don't touch anything.


semper en excretus


Fraud is the homage that force pays to reason.
		-- Charles Curtis, "A Commonplace Book"


The Force is what holds everything together.
It has its dark side, and it has its light side.
It's sort of like cosmic duct tape.


	"When I drink, *everybody* drinks!" a man shouted to the
assembled bar patrons.  A loud general cheer went up.  After downing his
whiskey, he hopped onto a barstool and shouted "When I take another
drink, *everybody* takes another drink!"  The announcement produced
another cheer and another round of drinks.
	As soon as he had downed his second drink, the fellow hopped back
onto the stool.  "And when I pay," he bellowed, slapping five dollars onto
the bar, "*everybody* pays!"


Not every problem someone has with his girlfriend is necessarily due to
the capitalist mode of production.
		-- Herbert Marcuse


If all these sweet young things were laid end-to-end, I wouldn't be a
bit surprised.
		-- Dorothy Parker


I've found my niche.  If you're wondering why I'm not there, there was
this little hole in the bottom ...
		-- John Croll


Never pay a compliment as if expecting a receipt.


There is more to life than increasing its speed.
		-- Mohandas K. Gandhi


I think that I shall never see
A billboard lovely as a tree.
Indeed, unless the billboards fall
I'll never see a tree at all.
		-- Ogden Nash


I would like the government to do all it can to mitigate, then, in
understanding, in mutuality of interest, in concern for the common good,
our tasks will be solved.
		-- Warren G. Harding


Canada Bill Jones's Motto:
	It's morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money.

Canada Bill Jones's Supplement:
	A Smith and Wesson beats four aces.


Satire is tragedy plus time.
		-- Lenny Bruce


Job Placement, n.:
	Telling your boss what he can do with your job.


Emacs, n.:
	A slow-moving parody of a text editor.


If you notice that a person is deceiving you,
they must not be deceiving you very well.


