Mount St. Helens should have used earth control.


When God created man, She was only testing.


Nothing succeeds like the appearance of success.
		-- Christopher Lascl


The average Ph.D thesis is nothing but the transference of bones from
one graveyard to another.
		-- J. Frank Dobie, "A Texan in England"


The odds are a million to one against your being one in a million.


The more things change, the more they stay insane.


To vacillate or not to vacillate, that is the question ... or is it?


A consultant is a person who borrows your watch, tells you what time it
is, pockets the watch, and sends you a bill for it.


If Helen Keller is alone in a forest and falls, does she make a sound?


THE OLD POOL SHOOTER had won many a game in his life. But now it was time
to hang up the cue. When he did, all the other cues came crashing go the
floor.

"Sorry," he said with a smile.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


If Reagan is the answer, it must have been a VERY silly question.


Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of APL, I shall
fear no evil, for I can string six primitive monadic and dyadic
operators together.
		-- Steve Higgins


Young men think old men are fools;
but old men know young men are fools.
		-- George Chapman


QOTD:
	"Are you into casual sex, or should I dress up?"


Is death legally binding?


The divinity of Jesus is made a convenient cover for absurdity.  Nowhere in
the Gospels do we find a precept for Creeds, Confessions, Oaths, Doctrines,
and whole carloads of other foolish trumpery that we find in Christianity.
		-- John Adams


The kings of Peru were the Incas,
Who were known far and wide as great drincas.
	They worshiped the sun
	And had lots of fun,
But the peasants all thought they were stincas.


Speak softly and carry a +6 two-handed sword.


Q:	What do you have when you have a lawyer buried up to his neck in sand?
A:	Not enough sand.


COCAINE:
	The thinking man's Dristan.


The race is not always to the swift, nor the
battle to the strong, but that's the way to bet.
		-- Damon Runyon


To see a need and wait to be asked, is to already refuse.


Catproof is an oxymoron, childproof nearly so.


	"I keep seeing spots in front of my eyes."
	"Did you ever see a doctor?"
	"No, just spots."


Reality is bad enough, why should I tell the truth?
		-- Patrick Sky


One picture is worth 128K words.


...the flaw that makes perfection perfect.


Jenkinson's Law:
	It won't work.


One girl can be pretty -- but a dozen are only a chorus.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald, "The Last Tycoon"


Always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid back.


Usually, when a lot of men get together, it's called a war.
		-- Mel Brooks, "The Listener"


There exist tasks which cannot be done
by more than 10 men or fewer than 100.
		-- Steele's Law


Boy, get your head out of the stars above,
You get the maximum pleasure from a minimum of love.
Save your heart and let your body be enough,
To get the maximum pleasure from a minimum of love.
Save your heart and let your body be enough,
And get the maximum pleasure from a minimum of love.
		-- Mac Macinelli, "Minimum Love"


XI:
	If the Earth could be made to rotate twice as fast, managers would
	get twice as much done.  If the Earth could be made to rotate twenty
	times as fast, everyone else would get twice as much done since all
	the managers would fly off.
XII:
	It costs a lot to build bad products.
XIII:
	There are many highly successful businesses in the United States.
	There are also many highly paid executives.  The policy is not to
	intermingle the two.
XIV:
	After the year 2015, there will be no airplane crashes.  There will
	be no takeoffs either, because electronics will occupy 100 percent
	of every airplane's weight.
XV:
	The last 10 percent of performance generates one-third of the cost
	and two-thirds of the problems.
		-- Norman Augustine


God made the world in six days, and was arrested on the seventh.


Did you ever walk into a room and forget why you walked in?  I think
that's how dogs spend their lives.
		-- Sue Murphy


I have already given two cousins to the war and I stand ready to
sacrifice my wife's brother.
		-- Artemus Ward


A Christian is a man who feels repentance on Sunday for what he did on
Saturday and is going to do on Monday.
		-- Thomas Ybarra


There is nothing which cannot be answered by means of my doctrine," said
a monk, coming into a teahouse where Nasrudin sat.
	"And yet just a short time ago, I was challenged by a scholar with
an unanswerable question," said Nasrudin.
	"I could have answered it if I had been there."
	"Very well.  He asked, 'Why are you breaking into my house in
the middle of the night?'"


I'm changing my name to Chrysler
I'm going down to Washington, D.C.
I'll tell some power broker
	What they did for Iacocca
Will be perfectly acceptable to me!
I'm changing my name to Chrysler,
I'm heading for that great receiving line.
When they hand a million grand out,
	I'll be standing with my hand out,
Yessir, I'll get mine!
		-- Tom Paxton


You should emulate your heros, but don't carry it too far.  Especially
if they are dead.


He who has the courage to laugh is almost as much
a master of the world as he who is ready to die.
		-- Giacomo Leopardi


Bus error -- driver executed.


The cost of living has just gone up another dollar a quart.
		-- W. C. Fields


It's odd, and a little unsettling, to reflect upon the fact that English is
the only major language in which "I" is capitalized; in many other languages
"You" is capitalized and the "i" is lower case.
		-- Sydney J. Harris


The Great Movie Posters:

When You're Six Tons -- And They Call You Killer -- It's Hard To Make
Friends...
		-- Namu, the Killer Whale (1966)

Meet the Girls with the Thermo-Nuclear Navels!
		-- Dr. Goldfoot and the Girl Bombs (1966)

A GHASTLY TALE DRENCHED WITH GOUTS OF BLOOD SPURTING FROM THE VICTIMS
OF A CRAZED MADMAN'S LUST.
		-- A Taste of Blood (1967)


	An Englishman, a Frenchman and an American are captured by cannibals.
The leader of the tribe comes up to them and says, "Even though you are about
to killed, your deaths will not be in vain.  Every part of your body will be
used.  Your flesh will be eaten, for my people are hungry.  Your hair will be
woven into clothing, for my people are naked.  Your bones will be ground up
and made into medicine, for my people are sick.  Your skin will be stretched
over canoe frames, for my people need transportation.  We are a fair people,
and we offer you a chance to kill yourself with our ceremonial knife."
	The Englishman accepts the knife and yells, "God Save the Queen",
while plunging the knife into his heart.
	The Frenchman removes the knife from the fallen body, and yells,
"Vive la France", while plunging the knife into his heart.
	The American removes the knife from the fallen body, and yells,
while stabbing himself all over his body, "Here's your lousy canoe!"


When the going gets tough, the tough go shopping.


Iles's Law:
	There is always an easier way to do it.  When looking directly
	at the easy way, especially for long periods, you will not see
	it.  Neither will Iles.


The last vestiges of the old Republic have been swept away.
		-- Governor Tarkin


Ginsburg's Law:
	At the precise moment you take off your shoe in a shoe store, your
	big toe will pop out of your sock to see what's going on.


Ken Thompson has an automobile which he helped design.  Unlike most
automobiles, it has neither speedometer, nor gas gauge, nor any of the
numerous idiot lights which plague the modern driver.  Rather, if the
driver makes any mistake, a giant "?" lights up in the center of the
dashboard.  "The experienced driver", he says, "will usually know
what's wrong."


Washington, D.C: Wasting your money since 1810.


Bug, n.:
	A son of a glitch.


His super power is to turn into a scotch terrier.


There has been an alarming increase in the
number of things you know nothing about.


I shot an arrow in to the air, and it stuck.
		-- graffito in Los Angeles

On a clear day,
U.C.L.A.
		-- graffito in San Francisco

There's so much pollution in the air now that if it weren't for our
lungs there'd be no place to put it all.
		-- Robert Orben


Ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny.


Give me chastity and continence, but not just now.
		-- St. Augustine


The first duty of a revolutionary is to get away with it.
		-- Abbie Hoffman


Paranoid schizophrenics outnumber their enemies at least two to one.


Writers do it between periods.


Q:	How do you save a drowning lawyer?
A:	Throw him a rock.


The more crap you put up with, the more crap you're going to get.


Ooooooh, nooooooo, not tonite!!


	A man walks into a bar with a Leprechaun on his shoulder.  He walks
up to the bar and sits down, ordering a beer for himself and one for the
little Leprechaun.
	After a few beers, the Leprechaun jumps down off the guy's shoulder,
struts down the bar and comes to a stop in front of a rather large construction
worker.  Looking the guy right in the eye, he gives him a rather large, damp,
Bronx cheer.  And trots back to sit on his buddy's shoulder.  The worker is
pretty upset, but decides to shine on this rather offensive breach of manners.
	After another beer and a half though, the Leprechaun hops down and
walks over to his previous victim and goes "PPPPHHHHHHHBBBBTTTTTT" again.
Well, that's too much, and the victim knocks the Leprechaun off the bar and,
after walking over to stand very close to the Leprechaun's escort, tells him
in a rather overloud voice, that if it happens again, he's going to "cut off
his little dick!"
	Replies the escort, "Leprechauns don't have dicks."
	"Yeah?  Well, then," asks the big man, how does he take a piss?"
	"PPPPHHHHHHHBBBBTTTTTT!!!!"


A sad spectacle.  If they be inhabited, what a scope for misery and folly.
If they be not inhabited, what a waste of space.
		-- Thomas Carlyle, looking at the stars


I have now come to the conclusion never again to think of marrying,
and for this reason: I can never be satisfied with anyone who would
be blockhead enough to have me.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


It is considered normal to consecrate virginity in the
general and lust for its destruction in the particular.


	"We've decided to have the budgie put down."
	"Oh, is he very old then?"
	"No, we just don't like him."
	"Oh.  How do they put budgies down anyway?"
	"Well, it's funny you should be asking that, as I've been reading a
great big book called `How to put your budgie down'.  And as I understand it,
you can either hit them over the head with the book, or shoot them there, just
above the beak."
	"Mrs. Conkers flushed hers down the loo."
	"Oh, you don't want to do that, because they breed in the sewers and
pretty soon you get huge evil smelling flocks of soiled budgies flying out
of peoples lavatories infringing their personal freedoms."
		-- Monty Python


Real programmers disdain structured programming.  Structured
programming is for compulsive neurotics who were prematurely toilet-
trained.  They wear neckties and carefully line up pencils on otherwise
clear desks.


	A father gave his teenage daughter an untrained pedigreed pup for
her birthday.  An hour later, when wandered through the house, he found her
looking at a puddle in the center of the kitchen.  "My pup," she murmured
sadly, "runneth over."


It is better to be on penicillin, than never to have loved at all.


Real Users are afraid they'll break the machine -- but they're never
afraid to break your face.


Make sure your code does nothing gracefully.


We who revel in nature's diversity and feel instructed by every animal
tend to brand Homo sapiens as the greatest catastrophe since the Cretaceous
extinction.
		-- S. J. Gould


Rube Walker: "Hey, Yogi, what time is it?"
Yogi Berra:  "You mean now?"


Prisons are built with stones of Law, brothels with bricks of Religion.
		-- Blake


There are three religious truths:
1. Jews do not recognize Jesus as the Messiah.
2. Protestants do not recognize the Pope as the leader of the
   Christian faith.
3. Baptists do not recognize each other in the liquor store or
   the adult book store.


New York-- to that tall skyline I come
Flyin' in from London to your door
New York-- lookin' down on Central Park
Where they say you should not wander after dark.
New York.
		-- Simon and Garfunkel


David was just a shepherd who liked to get his rocks off in leather.


Thrashing is just virtual crashing.


Mr. Rockford?  You don't know me, but I'd like to hire you.  Could
you call me at...  My name is... uh...  Never mind, forget it!


Function reject.


Congratulations!  You are the one-millionth user to log into our system.
If there's anything special we can do for you, anything at all, don't
hesitate to ask!


The problem with me is that I am fifty or one hundred years ahead of my
time.  My speed is very fast.  Some ministers have had to drop out of my
government because they could not keep up.
		-- Idi Amin Dada


We don't like their sound.  Groups of guitars are on the way out.
		-- Decca Recording Company, turning down the Beatles, 1962


We are all worms.  But I do believe I am a glowworm.
		-- Winston Churchill


In Hollywood, if you don't have happiness, you send out for it.
		-- Rex Reed


Try to relax and enjoy the crisis.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


I BET WHEN NEANDERTHAL KIDS would make a snowman, someone would always
end up saying, "Don't forget the thick heavy brows."  Then they would get
embarrassed because they remembered they had the big hunky brows too, and
they'd get mad and eat the snowman.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


I went to the race track once and bet on a horse that was so good that
it took seven others to beat him!


Scintillation is not always identification for an auric substance.


The Angels want to wear my red shoes.
		-- E. Costello


IT IS IN PROCESS:
	So wrapped up in red tape that the situation is almost hopeless.


I wish I was a fascinating lady
With a past that was cheap and a future that was shady
I'd sleep all day and I'd work all night
I'd live in a house with a little red light
And once a month I'd take a small vacation
And leave all the men to their imagination
And once in a while I'd go all wild
And have myself an illegitimate child
I wish I were a fascinating lady
Instead I'm the minister's child


Spend extra time on hobby.  Get plenty of rolling papers.


Little girls, like butterflies, need no excuse.
		-- Lazarus Long


Uh-oh -- I've let the cat out of the bag.  Let me, then,
straightforwardly state the thesis I shall now elaborate:
Making variations on a theme is really the crux of creativity.
		-- Douglas R. Hofstadter, "Metamagical Themas"


If the King's English was good enough for Jesus, it's good enough for
me!
		-- "Ma" Ferguson, Governor of Texas (circa 1920)


The Junior God now heads the roll
In the list of heaven's peers;
He sits in the House of High Control,
And he regulates the spheres.
Yet does he wonder, do you suppose,
If, even in gods divine,
The best and wisest may not be those
Who have wallowed awhile with the swine?
		-- R. W. Service


If you know the answer to a question, don't ask.
		-- Petersen Nesbit


When a woman gives me a present I have always two surprises:
first is the present, and afterward, having to pay for it.
		-- Donnay


	A father gave his teenage daughter an untrained pedigreed pup for
her birthday.  An hour later, when wandered through the house, he found her
looking at a puddle in the center of the kitchen.  "My pup," she murmured
sadly, "runneth over."


There is a new model of car being sold in San Francisco --
the pervertible.  The top doesn't go down, but the driver does.


As part of an ongoing effort to keep you, the Fortune reader, abreast of
the valuable information the daily crosses the USENET, Fortune presents:

News articles that answer *your* questions, #1:

	Newsgroups: comp.sources.d
	Subject: how do I run C code received from sources
	Keywords: C sources
	Distribution: na

	I do not know how to run the C programs that are posted in the
	sources newsgroup.  I save the files, edit them to remove the
	headers, and change the mode so that they are executable, but I
	cannot get them to run.  (I have never written a C program before.)

	Must they be compiled?  With what compiler?  How do I do this?  If
	I compile them, is an object code file generated or must I generate
	it explicitly with the > character?  Is there something else that
	must be done?


	"What was the worst thing you've ever done?"
	"I won't tell you that, but I'll tell you the worst thing that
ever happened to me... the most dreadful thing."
		-- Peter Straub, "Ghost Story"


You have the capacity to learn from mistakes.
You'll learn a lot today.


Q:	What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish wake?
A:	One more drunk.


The duck hunter trained his retriever to walk on water.  Eager to show off
this amazing accomplishment, he asked a friend to go along on his next
hunting trip.  Saying nothing, he fired his first shot and, as the duck fell,
the dog walked on the surface of the water, retrieved the duck and returned
it to his master.
	"Notice anything?" the owner asked eagerly.
	"Yes," said his friend, "I see that fool dog of yours can't swim."


Once upon a time there was a farmer who owned a large number of chickens and
made money by selling chickens to a local distributing company.  The farmer
wanted to increase his business, and so went to market to buy another rooster.
"This rooster," assured the vendor, "is my best.  He's virile and energetic
and will take care of all your chickens!"  The farmer, delighted at this,
bought the rooster and returned to his farm.  He set the rooster loose among
his hen houses and, sure enough, the rooster enthusiastically went to work.
It wasn't too long, however, before the rooster finished off all the hens and
began on the few geese and ducks that were on the farm.  "If you keep up this
rate," warned the farmer, "you'll screw yourself to death!"  The rooster,
however, scoffed at the farmer and continued at an increased speed.  The next
morning, the farmer was doing his chores when he noticed several buzzards in
the sky circling over something.  He headed out behind the barn, and sure
enough there was the rooster, flat on his back, with eyes closed.  The farmer
shook his fist at the motionless body and cursed, shouting "I knew it!  I told
you so!  I knew you'd screw yourself to death!"  The rooster turned his head
toward the farmer, opened one eye, and winked.  "Shhh!" he said, pointing to
the birds above.  "I think they're coming down."


There is more to life than increasing its speed.
		-- Mohandas K. Gandhi


Testing can show the presence of bugs, but not their absence.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


Have you locked your file cabinet?


An angst-ridden amorist, Fred,
Saw sartorial changes ahead.
	His mind kept on ringing
	With fishy girls singing;
Soft fruit also filled him with dread.
		-- J. Walker, "The Love Song Of J. Alfred Prufrock"


Agnes' Law:
	Almost everything in life is easier to get into than out of.


If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
		-- Derek Bok, president of Harvard


Every day it's the same thing -- variety.  I want something different.


We may hope that machines will eventually compete with men in all purely
intellectual fields.  But which are the best ones to start with?  Many people
think that a very abstract activity, like the playing of chess, would be
best.  It can also be maintained that it is best to provide the machine with
the best sense organs that money can buy, and then teach it to understand
and speak English.
		-- Alan M. Turing


Seems a computer engineer, a systems analyst, and a programmer were
driving down a mountain when the brakes gave out.  They screamed down the
mountain, gaining speed, but finally managed to grind to a halt, more by
luck than anything else, just inches from a thousand foot drop to jagged
rocks.  They all got out of the car:
	The computer engineer said, "I think I can fix it."
	The systems analyst said, "No, no, I think we should take it
into town and have a specialist look at it."
	The programmer said, "OK, but first I think we should get back
in and see if it does it again."


Never argue with a fool -- people might not be able to tell the difference.


Once Law was sitting on the bench
	And Mercy knelt a-weeping.
"Clear out!" he cried, "disordered wench!
	Nor come before me creeping.
Upon your knees if you appear,
'Tis plain you have no standing here."

Then Justice came.  His Honor cried:
	"YOUR states? -- Devil seize you!"
"Amica curiae," she replied --
	"Friend of the court, so please you."
"Begone!" he shouted -- "There's the door --
I never saw your face before!"
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


You should not use your fireplace, because scientists now believe that,
contrary to popular opinion, fireplaces actually remove heat from
houses.  Really, that's what scientists believe.  In fact many
scientists actually use their fireplaces to cool their houses in the
summer.  If you visit a scientist's house on a sultry August day,
you'll find a cheerful fire roaring on the hearth and the scientist
sitting nearby, remarking on how cool he is and drinking heavily.
		-- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"


You may worry about your hair-do today, but tomorrow much peanut butter will
be sold.


Everywhere I go I'm asked if I think the university stifles writers.  My
opinion is that they don't stifle enough of them.  There's many a bestseller
that could have been prevented by a good teacher.
		-- Flannery O'Connor


Remember, if it's being done correctly, here or abroad, it's
*not* the U.S. Army doing it!
		-- "Good Morning, Vietnam"


His great aim was to escape from civilization, and, as soon as he had
money, he went to Southern California.


Don't look back, the lemmings might be gaining on you.


Giles:	 What do you want?
Angelus: I want to torture you.  I used to love it, it's been a long time.
	 I mean, the last time I tortured somebody, they didn't even _H_A_V_E
	 chain saws.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Becoming, Part 2"
		   Season 2, Episode 22


INCENTIVE PROGRAM:
	The system of long and short-term rewards that a corporation uses
	to motivate its people.  Still, despite all the experimentation with
	profit sharing, stock options, and the like, the most effective
	incentive program to date seems to be "Do a good job and you get to
	keep it."


	The programmers of old were mysterious and profound.  We cannot fathom
their thoughts, so all we do is describe their appearance.
	Aware, like a fox crossing the water.  Alert, like a general on the
battlefield.  Kind, like a hostess greeting her guests. Simple, like uncarved
blocks of wood.  Opaque, like black pools in darkened caves.
	Who can tell the secrets of their hearts and minds?
	The answer exists only in the Tao.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Men will fuck mud.
		-- Lenny Bruce


	The way my jeweler explained it, it's like insurance.
	Six months' pay isn't much to keep my wife from sleeping around.

A diamond -- pure, sparkling, natural, flawless, forever.  The way marriage
should be but never quite is.  People grow and change and sometimes want to
take their clothes off with strangers.  So when you invest in a fine piece
of diamond jewelry, you're not only making an investment, you're making a
statement.  You're telling the woman you love that you've just spent a lot
of your hard-earned money on her.  Now she owes you the kind of loyalty that
only precious jewelry can buy.  Isn't she worth it?

	The Honeymoon's Over:			from $ 5000
	The Seven Year Itch:			from $10000
	No More Lunchtime Quickies:		from $15000
	Divorce Would Be More Expensive:	from $42000

			A diamond is for leverage.  BeDears


1. Never give anything away for nothing.  2. Never give more than
you have to (always catch the buyer hungry and always make him wait).
3. Always take back everything if you possibly can.
		-- William S. Burroughs, on drug pushing


One day a city dweller decided to take a ride in the country.  He hopped
into his sportscar, wandered along the highway for a while and then exited
to some very rural dirt roads in the middle of farm country.  After awhile,
he came across a farmer who clearly working his fields.  The funny thing was,
the farmer didn't seem to be wearing any pants.  The man got out of his car
and approached the farmer.
	"Hey, buddy," he asked, "how come you're not wearing any clothes?"
	Replied the farmer, "Well, boy, th' other day I was out a-workin'
in the fields, an' I plum fergot t' wear mah shirt.  Got back to th' house
that night, and mah neck was stiffer than an oak-wood board.  This here's
mah wife's idea."


Suggest you just sit there and wait till life gets easier.


Fun experiments:
	Get a can of shaving cream, throw it in a freezer for about a week.
	Then take it out, peel the metal off and put it where you want...
	bedroom, car, etc.  As it thaws, it expands an unbelievable amount.


When your conscious becomes unconscious, you are drunk.
When your unconscious becomes conscious, you are stoned.


The objective of all dedicated employees should be to thoroughly analyze
all situations, anticipate all problems prior to their occurrence, have
answers for these problems, and move swiftly to solve these problems
when called upon.
	However...
When you are up to your ass in alligators it is difficult to remind
yourself your initial objective was to drain the swamp.


A Christian is a man who feels repentance on Sunday for what he did on
Saturday and is going to do on Monday.
		-- Thomas Ybarra


Ass, grass or gas... nobody rides for free!


Kissing a smoker is like licking an ashtray.


Democracy becomes a government of bullies, tempered by editors.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


