The young man-about-town enjoyed luxury but didn't always have the means
to buy it, and so he huffily walked out of the Miami Beach hotel when he
found out the charges for room, meals and golf privileges were $300 a day.
He registered across the street at an equally elegant hotel, where the
rates were only $70.  The following morning he went down to the hotel's
golf course and asked Scotty, the pro, to sell him a couple of golf balls.
"Sure," said Scotty.  "That'll be $25 apiece."
	"What?" screamed the bachelor.  "In the hotel across the street
they only charge $1 a ball!"
	"Naturally," replied the pro.  "Over there they get you by the
rooms."


The ecumenical movement has reached a milestone with the agreement on the
text of the first Jewish-Catholic prayer -- one that begins "Oy vay, Maria".


My travel agent's an Oxford chap
Who rolls his eyes when he speaks.
I asked him about the Isle of Man
For a journey of about six weeks.
And this is what he said to me
As he looked me right in the eye,
"For a far-out trip, try an ice cream dip
Of Elephant Shit On Rye."

A brand-new store just opened its door
At the corner of 5th and Vine
And I happened to be standing right outside
When they turned on their neon sign.
I heard a strange sound, I looked around,
And that's when I almost died,
They nearly knocked me down to be the first in town
To get their Elephant Shit On Rye!


It is better for civilization to be going down the drain than to be
coming up it.
		-- Henry Allen


Q:	What's more fearsome than a grizzly bear with AIDS?
A:	The guy he got it from.


FreeBSD: It's 3am at night.  Do you know where your fairings are?


Now the Lord God planted a garden East of Whittier in a place called
Yorba Linda, and out of the ground he made to grow orange trees that
were good for food and the fruits thereof he labeled SUNKIST ...
		-- "The Begatting of a President"


One is often kept in the right road by a rut.
		-- Gustave Droz


It just doesn't seem right to go over the river and through the woods
to Grandmother's condo.


The two couples were enjoying their vacation together at a resort hotel.  They
were in the middle of a game of Scrabble in the lobby when a thunderstorm cut
off the hotel's electricity, leaving little to do but retire to their rooms.
Bill was a rather devout man, so before getting into bed with his companion,
he said his prayers.  As he got under the covers, the lightning suddenly
flashed through the window and he discovered that he was in the wrong room.
He instantly jumped up and started to dash for the hallway.  "It's too late,
called the girl from the bed, "my guy doesn't pray."


Yuck Foo.


Do married women make the best wives?


	Your home electrical system is basically a bunch of wires that bring
electricity into your home and take if back out before it has a chance to
kill you.  This is called a "circuit".  The most common home electrical
problem is when the circuit is broken by a "circuit breaker"; this causes
the electricity to back up in one of the wires until it bursts out of an
outlet in the form of sparks, which can damage your carpet.  The best way
to avoid broken circuits is to change your fuses regularly.
	Another common problem is that the lights flicker.  This sometimes
means that your electrical system is inadequate, but more often it means
that your home is possessed by demons, in which case you'll need to get a
caulking gun and some caulking.  If you're not sure whether your house is
possessed, see "The Amityville Horror", a fine documentary film based on an
actual book.  Or call in a licensed electrician, who is trained to spot the
signs of demonic possession, such as blood coming down the stairs, enormous
cats on the dinette table, etc.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


All other things being equal, a bald man cannot be elected President of
the United States.
		-- Vic Gold


Did you know that clones never use mirrors?
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


He who makes a beast of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man.
		-- Dr. Johnson


I believe in getting into hot water; it keeps you clean.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


It's hard to get ivory in Africa, but in Alabama the Tuscaloosa.
		-- Groucho Marx


Education is learning what you didn't even know you didn't know.
		-- Daniel J. Boorstin


	A musical reviewer admitted he always praised the first show of a
new theatrical season.  "Who am I to stone the first cast?"


	"I think my wife may be getting somewhat overweight.
	"Oh, how can you tell?"
	"Well, last night when she sat on my face, I couldn't
hear the stereo."


Beware of a tall dark man with a spoon up his nose.


Law stands mute in the midst of arms.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero


All great discoveries are made by mistake.
		-- Young


It is all right to hold a conversation,
but you should let go of it now and then.
		-- Richard Armour


Buffy:	No!  You guys are gonna have a prom.  The kind of prom that
	everyone should have.  I'm going to give you all a nice, fun,
	normal evening; if I have to kill every single person on the
	face of the earth to do it!
Xander:	Yay.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Prom"
		   Season 3, Episode 20


If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would
be a merrier world.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


Do not try to solve all life's problems at once --
learn to dread each day as it comes.
		-- Donald Kaul


ALASKA:
	A prelude to "No."


Don't abandon hope: your Tom Mix decoder ring arrives tomorrow.


A woman forgives the audacity of which
her beauty has prompted us to be guilty.
		-- LeSage


Gross, adj.:
	When your grandmother kisses you goodnight and
	slips you some tongue.


A truth that's told with bad intent
Beats all the lies you can invent.
		-- William Blake


Disraeli was pretty close: actually, there are Lies, Damn lies, Statistics,
Benchmarks, and Delivery dates.


QOTD:
	"If I'm what I eat, I'm a chocolate chip cookie."


Small change can often be found under seat cushions.


When you speak to others for their own good it's advice;
when they speak to you for your own good it's interference.


You have a message from the operator.


The only difference in the game of love over the last few
thousand years is that they've changed trumps from clubs to diamonds.
		-- The Indianapolis Star


Rumour has it that the intrepid New Zealanders have finally discovered
two new uses for sheep.  Meat and wool.


Atheism is a non-prophet organization.


	The young man took a blind date to the amusement park.  They went
for a ride on the Ferris wheel.  The ride completed, she seemed rather bored.
"What would you like to do next?" he asked.
	"I wanna get weighed," she said.  So he took her over to the weight
guesser.  Next they rode the roller coaster.  After that he bought her some
popcorn and cotton candy, then he asked what else she would like to do.
	"I wanna get weighed," she said, bluntly.
	I really latched onto a square one tonight, thought the boy, and
using the excuse that he had developed a headache, he took the girl home.
The girl's mother was surprised to see her home so early, and asked, "What's
wrong, dear, didn't you have a nice time tonight?"
	"Wousy," said the girl.


If the designers of X-window built cars, there would be no fewer than five
steering wheels hidden about the cockpit, none of which followed the same
principles -- but you'd be able to shift gears with your car stereo.  Useful
feature, that.
		-- From the programming notebooks of a heretic, 1990


To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what
he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.


You're already carrying the sphere!


Hear about...
	the guy who took a course in exotic lovemaking and announced that
	he'd never be able to face his girl again?


The two things that can get you into trouble
quicker than anything else are fast women and slow horses.


QOTD:
	"Let's do it."
		-- Gary Gilmore, to his firing squad


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"You can demonstrate a program for a corporate executive, but you
	can't make him computer literate."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and
intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to which they
are addressed. If you are not the intended recipient of this
transmission, please delete it immediately.

Obviously, I am the idiot who sent it to you by mistake. Furthermore,
there is no way I can force you to delete it. Worse, by the time you
have reached this disclaimer you have already read the document.
Telling you to forget it would seem absurd. In any event, I have no
legal right to force you to take any action upon this email anyway.

This entire disclaimer is just a waste of everyone's time and
bandwidth. Therefore, let us just forget the whole thing and enjoy a
cold beer instead.
 		-- found on the dovecot mailinglist


God is not dead!  He's alive and autographing bibles at Cody's.


Acid absorbs 47 times its own weight in excess Reality.


It is difficult to soar with the eagles when you work with turkeys.


Q:	How do you save a drowning lawyer?
A:	Throw him a rock.


TEUTONIC:
	Not enough gin.


Q:	How many pre-med's does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	Five:  One to change the bulb and four to pull the ladder
	out from under him.


Q:	What do you get when you cross an onion with a donkey?
A:	Well, most of the time you get an onion with big ears, but every
	once in a while you get a piece of ass that will bring tears to
	your eyes...


The Kennedy Constant:
	Don't get mad -- get even.


Sex appeal is 50% what you've got and 50% what people think you've got.
		-- Sophia Loren


It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you look playing the game.


Under deadline pressure for the next week.
If you want something, it can wait.
Unless it's blind screaming paroxysmally hedonistic...


While not actually a sailor, I certainly enjoy getting blown ashore.


In this world some people are going to like me and some are not.
So, I may as well be me.  Then I know if someone likes me, they like me.


All we know is the phenomenon: we spend our time sending messages to each
other, talking and trying to listen at the same time, exchanging information.
This seems to be our most urgent biological function; it is what we do with
our lives."
		-- Lewis Thomas, "The Lives of a Cell"


A new koan:
	If you have some ice cream, I will give it to you.
	If you have no ice cream, I will take it away from you.
It is an ice cream koan.


Someone did a study of the three most-often-heard phrases in New York
City.  One is "Hey, taxi."  Two is, "What train do I take to get to
Bloomingdale's?"  And three is, "Don't worry.  It's just a flesh wound."
		-- David Letterman


You can get much further with a kind word and a
gun than you can with a kind word alone.
		-- Al Capone
		   [Also attributed to Johnny Carson.  Ed.]


THEORY:
	System of ideas meant to explain something, chosen with a view to
	originality, controversialism, incomprehensibility, and how good
	it will look in print.


Ever feel like life was a game and you had the wrong instruction book?


And you can't get any Watney's Red Barrel,
because the bars close every time you're thirsty...


Never tell people how to do things.  Tell them WHAT to
do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.
		-- Gen. George S. Patton, Jr.


General notions are generally wrong.
		-- Lady M. W. Montagu


Winter is the season in which people try to keep the house
as warm as it was in the summer, when they complained about the heat.


Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice... moderation in the pursuit
of justice is no virtue.
		-- Barry Goldwater


Vests are to suits as seat-belts are to cars.


Zall's Laws:
	1: Any time you get a mouthful of hot soup, the next thing you do
	   will be wrong.
	2: How long a minute is, depends on which side of the bathroom
	   door you're on.


In seeking the unattainable, simplicity only gets in the way.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


Q:	What do you do if an Irishman throws a pin at you?
A:	Run like hell, he's got a grenade in his mouth!!


I would have you imagine, then, that there exists in the mind of man a block
of wax...  and that we remember and know what is imprinted as long as the
image lasts; but when the image is effaced, or cannot be taken, then we
forget or do not know.
		-- Plato, Dialogs, Theateus 191

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to image activation and termination.]


QOTD:
	"The elder gods went to Suggoth and all I got was this lousy T-shirt."


Steady movement is more important than speed, much of the time.  So
long as there is a regular progression of stimuli to get your mental
hooks into, there is room for lateral movement.  Once this begins,
its rate is a matter of discretion.
		-- Corwin, "Prince of Amber"


The major advances in civilization are processes
that all but wreck the societies in which they occur.
		-- A. N. Whitehead


The University of California Statistics Department; where mean is normal,
and deviation standard.


Female ballet dancers are the bravest girls around.  Who else would take a
flying leap into the arms of a homosexual and expect to be caught?
		-- Rita Rudner


WHERE CAN THE MATTER BE
	Oh, dear, where can the matter be
	When it's converted to energy?
	There is a slight loss of parity.
	Johnny's so long at the fair.


Let the people think they govern and they will be governed.
		-- William Penn, founder of Pennsylvania


Grownups are reluctant to take science fiction seriously, and with good
reason: sci-fi is a hormonal activity, not a literary one.  Its traditional
concerns are all pubescent.  Secondary sexual characteristics are everywhere,
disguised.  Aliens have tentacles.  Telepathy allows you to have sex without
any nasty inconvenience of touching.  Womblike spaceships provide balanced
meals.  No one ever has to grow old -- body parts are replaceable, like
Job's daughters, and if you're lucky you can become a robot.  As for the
adult world, it's simply not there; political systems tend to be naively
authoritarian (there are more lords in science fiction than on public
television) and are often ruled by young boys on quests.  The most popular
sci-fi book in years, Frank Herbert's Dune, sold millions of copies by
combining all these themes: it ends with its adolescent hero conquering the
universe while straddling a giant worm.
		-- Arnold Klein


You have an unusual understanding of
the problems of human relationships.


QOTD:
	"He's so egotistical he yells his own name when he comes."


You will be singled out for promotion in your work.


Some primal termite knocked on wood.
And tasted it, and found it good.
And that is why your Cousin May
Fell through the parlor floor today.
		-- Ogden Nash


You can't hug a child with nuclear arms.


It's recently come to Fortune's attention that scientists have stopped
using laboratory rats in favor of attorneys.  Seems that there are not
only more of them, but you don't get so emotionally attached.  The only
difficulty is that it's sometimes difficult to apply the experimental
results to humans.

	[Also, there are some things even a rat won't do.  Ed.]


Assassins do it from behind.


So many beautiful women and so little time.
		-- John Barrymore


All that is gold does not glitter,
Not all those who wander are lost;
The old that is strong does not wither,
Deep roots are not reached by the frost.
From the ashes a fire shall be woken,
A light from the shadows shall spring;
Renewed shall be blade that was broken,
The crownless again shall be king.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


The good die young -- because they see it's no use living if you've got
to be good.
		-- John Barrymore


I put contact lenses in my dog's eyes.  They had little pictures of cats
on them.  Then I took one out and he ran around in circles.
		-- Steven Wright


Never sleep with a woman whose troubles are worse than your own.
		-- Nelson Algren


Rogue players do it with all sorts of different animals.


Political speeches are like steer horns.  A point
here, a point there, and a lot of bull in between.
		-- Alfred E. Neuman


Winny and I lived in a house that ran on static electricity...
If you wanted to run the blender, you had to rub balloons on your
head... if you wanted to cook, you had to pull off a sweater real quick...
		-- Steven Wright


New York's got the ways and means;
Just won't let you be.
		-- The Grateful Dead


A right is not what someone gives you; it's what no one can take from you.
		-- Ramsey Clark


Fat Liberation: because a waist is a terrible thing to mind.


A great empire, like a great cake, is most easily diminished at the edges.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Woman's advice has little value, but he who won't take it is a fool.
		-- Cervantes


Real Users know your home telephone number.


An economist is a man who would marry
Farrah Fawcett-Majors for her money.


THE NEW RIGHT:
	A javelin team that elects to receive.


Are there those in the land of the brave
Who can tell me how I should behave
	When I am disgraced
	Because I erased
A file I intended to save?


I'm hungry, time to eat lunch.


I think she must have been very strictly brought up, she's so
desperately anxious to do the wrong thing correctly.
		-- H. H. Munro, a.k.a. Saki, "Reginald on Worries"


I don't give a shit what happens.  I want you all to stonewall it.  Let
them plead the Fifth Amendment, cover up, or anything else if it'll save
the plan.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Snacktrek, n.:
	The peculiar habit, when searching for a snack, of constantly
	returning to the refrigerator in hopes that something new will
	have materialized.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Eloquence is logic on fire.


Ona day Ima gonna to Detroit to a bigga hotel.  Ina morning I go down to
eat breakfast.  I tella waitress I wanna two piss's toast.  She bringa me
only one piss.  I tella her I wanna two piss ona my plate.  She says you
better no piss on the plate, you sonna bitch.  I don't even know the lady
and she call me sonna bitch.  Later I go out to eat at the bigga restaurant.
The waitress bring me a spoon and a knife but no fock.  I tell her I wanna
fock.  She tells me everone wanna fock.  I tell her "you no understand", I
wanna fock on the table.  She say you better not fock on the table, you
sonna bitch.  So I go back to my room ina hotel and there isa no shits ona
my bed.  I calla the manager and tella him I wanna shit.  He tella me to go
to the toilet.  I say "you no understand", I wanna shit on the bed.  He say
you better no shit ona bed, you sonna bitch.  I go to check out and the man
at the desk say "peace to you".  I say piss on you too, you sonna bitch.  I
gonna back to Italy.


If life gives you lemons, make lemonade.


Remembering is for those who have forgotten.
		-- Chinese proverb


You are so boring that when I see you my feet go to sleep.


How do I love thee?  My accumulator overflows.


Il y avait un plombier, Francois,
Qui plombait sa femme dans le Bois.
	Dit-elle, "Arretez!
	J'entends quelqu'un venait."
Dit le plombier, en plombant, "C'est moi."


You say potatoe,
And I say potato.
You say tomatoe,
And I say tomato.
Potatoe, potato,
Tomatoe, tomato.
Let's go be the Vice President...


Sank heaven for leetle curls.


Bondage maybe, discipline never!
		-- T. K.


If there was any justice in the world, "trust" would be a four-letter word.


I have a friend whose a billionaire.  He invented Cliff's notes.  When
I asked him how he got such a great idea he said, "Well first I...
I just... to make a long story short..."
		-- Steven Wright


