You know what they say -- the sweetest word in the English language
is revenge.
		-- Peter Beard


I am two with nature.
		-- Woody Allen


We only acknowledge small faults in order
to make it appear that we are free from great ones.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


When in doubt, have a man come through the door with a gun in his hand.
		-- Raymond Chandler


To see the butcher slap the steak, before he laid it on the block,
and give his knife a sharpening, was to forget breakfast instantly.  It was
agreeable, too -it really was- to see him cut it off, so smooth and juicy.
There was nothing savage in the act, although the knife was large and keen;
it was a piece of art, high art; there was delicacy of touch, clearness of
tone, skillful handling of the subject, fine shading.  It was the triumph of
mind over matter; quite.
		-- Charles Dickens, "Martin Chuzzlewit"


Did it ever occur to you that fat chance
and slim chance mean the same thing?


I was in Vegas last week. I was at the roulette table, having a
lengthy argument about what I considered an Odd number.
		-- Steven Wright


Ideas don't stay in some minds very long because they don't like
solitary confinement.


When nothing can possibly go wrong, it will.


Honi soit la vache qui rit.


Love is like a friendship caught on fire.  In the beginning a flame, very
pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering.  As love
grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning
and unquenchable.
		-- Bruce Lee


Life isn't a bitch.  Life is a virgin.  A bitch is easy.


New Hampshire law forbids you to tap your feet, nod your head, or in
any way keep time to the music in a tavern, restaurant, or cafe.


I called my parents the other night, but I forgot about the time difference.
They're still living in the fifties.
		-- Strange de Jim


If you need anything just whistle.
You know how to whistle, don't you, Steve?
Just put your lips together and blow.
		-- Lauren Bacall, "To Have and Have Not"


On the breast of a lady named Gail,
Was tattooed the price of her tail.
	And on her behind,
	For the sake of the blind,
Was the same information -- in Braille.


A violent man will die a violent death.
		-- Lao Tsu


If life isn't what you wanted, have you asked for anything else?


Jesus loves you, but everybody else thinks you're a dork.


Grelb's Reminder:
	Eighty percent of all people consider
	themselves to be above average drivers.


All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.


One of the oldest problems puzzled over in the Talmud is: "Why did God
create goyim?"  The generally accepted answer is "_s_o_m_e_b_o_d_y has to buy
retail."
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


Beware of Programmers who carry screwdrivers.
		-- Leonard Brandwein


	A priest was walking along the cliffs at Dover when he came upon
two locals pulling another man ashore on the end of a rope.  "That's what
I like to see", said the priest, "A man helping his fellow man".
	As he was walking away, one local remarked to the other, "Well,
he sure doesn't know the first thing about shark fishing."


The five-alarm fire had been raging out of control for hours, pouring thick,
black smoke over the street.  At last the blaze was under control and the
fire chief began accounting for his men.  Two were missing, so he ordered
a search.  Captain Kelly finally rounded a fire truck parked in an alley
and found, to his shock, one fireman with his trousers down leaning over a
garbage can and another fireman screwing him in the ass.
	"What's the meaning of this!", the captain roared.
	"Jones here had passed out from smoke inhalation," the fireman on
top panted.
	"You're supposed to give mouth to mouth resuscitation for that!"
the captain yelled.
	"I know.  That's what started this," the fireman replied.


Now I lay me down to sleep
I pray the double lock will keep;
May no brick through the window break,
And, no one rob me till I awake.


Standards are different for all things, so the standard set by man is by
no means the only "certain" standard.  If you mistake what is relative for
something certain, you have strayed far from the ultimate truth.
		-- Chuang Tzu


Happiness is twin floppies.


Now is the time for all good men to come to.
		-- Walt Kelly


College football is a game which would be much more interesting if the
faculty played instead of the students, and even more interesting if
the trustees played.  There would be a great increase in broken arms,
legs, and necks, and simultaneously an appreciable diminution in the
loss to humanity.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Damned if I know.  And you can be fuckin' sure I'll never rent no car
from Avis again.
		-- Herbie Sperling, on the meaning of two pistols and an
		   axe used in three murders being found in the trunk of
		   his rented car.


Happiness, n.:
	An agreeable sensation arising from contemplating the misery of
	another.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


I'll pretend to trust you if you'll pretend to trust me.


I attribute my success to intelligence, guts, determination, honesty,
ambition, and having enough money to buy people with those qualities.


Celebrate Hannibal Day this year.  Take an elephant to lunch.


The Fortune Travel Agency offers a special... Vacation in Hell!
	-- Grace Kelly drives you to the airport.
	-- Thurman Munson flies you to a remote tropical island.
	-- Ted Kennedy's your chauffeur on the island.
	-- You go yachting with Natalie Wood.
	-- You have drinks with William Holden.
	-- And Roman Polanski stays at home and watches your kids.


So, is the glass half empty, half full, or just twice as
large as it needs to be?


Being in the army is like being in the Boy Scouts, except that the
Boy Scouts have adult supervision.
		-- Blake Clark


LIBRA (Sept 23 - Oct 22)
	You are the artistic type and have a difficult time with
reality.  If you are a man, you are more than likely gay.  Chances for
employment and monetary gains are excellent.  Most Libra women are
prostitutes.  All Libra people die of Venereal disease.


Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter
it every six months.
		-- Oscar Wilde


The work [of software development] is becoming far easier (i.e. the tools
we're using work at a higher level, more removed from machine, peripheral
and operating system imperatives) than it was twenty years ago, and because
of this, knowledge of the internals of a system may become less accessible.
We may be able to dig deeper holes, but unless we know how to build taller
ladders, we had best hope that it does not rain much.
		-- Paul Licker


Misery loves company, but company does not reciprocate.


To envision how a 4-processor system running [SunOS] 4.1.x works, think
of four kids and one bathroom.
		-- John DiMarco


I know why the sun never sets on the British Empire -- God wouldn't trust
an Englishman in the dark.
		-- Duncan Spaeth


Let me put it this way: today is going to be a learning experience.


Men have many faults,
	Women only two:
Everything they say,
	And everything they do!


[The French Riviera is] a sunny place for shady people.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham


FORTUNE ANSWERS THE TOUGH QUESTIONS: #8

Q:	Is God a myth?
A:	No, He's a mythter.


He who lives without folly is less wise than he believes.


Go placidly amid the noise and waste, and remember what value there may
be in owning a piece thereof.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


Since aerosols are forbidden, the police are using roll-on Mace!


If you want me to be a good little bunny
just dangle some carats in front of my nose.
		-- Lauren Bacall


Committee, n.:
	A group of men who individually can do nothing but as a group
	decide that nothing can be done.
		-- Fred Allen


You will remember, Watson, how the dreadful business of the Abernetty family
was first brought to my notice by the depth which the parsley had sunk into
the butter upon a hot day.
		-- Sherlock Holmes


A Fortran compiler is the hobgoblin of little minis.


Success is something I will dress for when I get there, and not until.


You can always pick up your needle and move to another groove.
		-- Tim Leary


There are those who claim that magic is like the tide; that it swells and
fades over the surface of the earth, collecting in concentrated pools here
and there, almost disappearing from other spots, leaving them parched for
wonder.  There are also those who believe that if you stick your fingers up
your nose and blow, it will increase your intelligence.
		-- The Teachings of Ebenezum, Volume VII


It so happens that everything that is stupid is not unconstitutional.
		-- Supreme Court Justice Antonio Scalia


And all that the Lorax left here in this mess
was a small pile of rocks with the one word, "unless."
Whatever THAT meant, well, I just couldn't guess.
That was long, long ago, and each day since that day,
I've worried and worried and worried away.
Through the years as my buildings have fallen apart,
I've worried about it with all of my heart.

"BUT," says the Oncler, "now that you're here,
the word of the Lorax seems perfectly clear!
UNLESS someone like you cares a whole awful lot,
nothing is going to get better - it's not.
So... CATCH!" cries the Oncler.  He lets something fall.
"It's a truffula seed.  It's the last one of all!

"You're in charge of the last of the truffula seeds.
And truffula trees are what everyone needs.
Plant a new truffula -- treat it with care.
Give it clean water and feed it fresh air.
Grow a forest -- protect it from axes that hack.
Then the Lorax and all of his friends may come back!"
		-- Dr. Seuss, "The Lorax"


Trouble strikes in series of threes, but when working around the house the
next job after a series of three is not the fourth job -- it's the start of
a brand new series of three.


All parts should go together without forcing.  You must remember that the
parts you are reassembling were disassembled by you.  Therefore, if you
can't get them together again, there must be a reason.  By all means, do
not use a hammer.
		-- IBM maintenance manual, 1925


Size counts.


People respond to people who respond.


Angel:	We need you to distract the vampires.
Buffy:	Right.
Xander:	What are you going to do?
Buffy:	I'm going to kill them all.  (Walking away)
	That oughta distract them.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "When She Was Bad"
		   Season 2, Episode 1


The United States Army:
194 years of proud service,
unhampered by progress.


The trouble with being punctual is that people
think you have nothing more important to do.


I have yet to see any problem, however complicated, which, when looked
at in the right way, did not become still more complicated.
		-- Poul Anderson


Paranoia is heightened awareness.


The heart has its reasons which reason knows nothing of.
		-- Blaise Pascal


Tact, n.:
	The unsaid part of what you're thinking.


Dime is money.


Elliptic paraboloids for sale.


Cthulhu Cthucks!


If there is a possibility of several things going wrong, the one that
will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong.


fortune: cpu time/usefulness ratio too high -- core dumped.


Don't tell any big lies today.  Small ones can be just as effective.


I think, therefore I am... I think.


Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness consists in
the ability to stick to one thing till it gets there.
		-- Josh Billings


Gil-galad was an Elven-King
of him the harpers sadly sing;
the last whose realm was fair and free
between the Mountains and the Sea.

His sword was long, his lance was keen,
his shining helm afar was seen;
the countless stars of heaven's field
were mirrored in his silver shield.

But long ago he rode away,
and where he dwelleth none can say;
for into darkness fell his star
in Mordor where the shadows are.


Q:	What does a WASP Mom make for dinner?
A:	A crisp salad, a hearty soup, a lovely entree, followed by
	a delicious dessert.


You will be singled out for promotion in your work.


If a group of N persons implements a COBOL compiler,
there will be N-1 passes.  Someone in the group has to be the manager.
		-- T. Cheatham


Fortune's nomination for All-Time Champion and Protector of Youthful Morals
goes to Representative Clare E. Hoffman of Michigan.  During an impassioned
House debate over a proposed bill to "expand oyster and clam research," a
sharp-eared informant transcribed the following exchange between our hero
and Rep. John D. Dingell, also of Michigan.

Dingell: "There are places in the world at the present time where we are
	  having to artificially propagate oysters and clams."
Hoffman: "You mean the oysters I buy are not nature's oysters?"
Dingell: "They may or may not be natural.  The simple fact of the matter is
	  that female oysters through their living habits cast out large
	  amounts of seed and the male oysters cast out large amounts of
	  fertilization."
Hoffman: "Wait a minute!  I do not want to go into that.  There are many
	  teenagers who read The Congressional Record."


Always leave room to add an explanation if it doesn't work out.


Beware the one behind you.


It gets late early out there.
		-- Yogi Berra


Dare to be naive.
		-- R. Buckminster Fuller


Q:	How many members of the U.S.S. Enterprise does it take to change a
	light bulb?
A:	Seven.  Scotty has to report to Captain Kirk that the light bulb in
	the Engineering Section is getting dim, at which point Kirk will send
	Bones to pronounce the bulb dead (although he'll immediately claim
	that he's a doctor, not an electrician).  Scotty, after checking
	around, realizes that they have no more new light bulbs, and complains
	that he "canna" see in the dark.  Kirk will make an emergency stop at
	the next uncharted planet, Alpha Regula IV, to procure a light bulb
	from the natives, who, are friendly, but seem to be hiding something.
	Kirk, Spock, Bones, Yeoman Rand and two red shirt security officers
	beam down to the planet, where the two security officers are promptly
	killed by the natives, and the rest of the landing party is captured.
	As something begins to develop between the Captain and Yeoman Rand,
	Scotty, back in orbit, is attacked by a Klingon destroyer and must
	warp out of orbit.  Although badly outgunned, he cripples the Klingon
	and races back to the planet in order to rescue Kirk et. al. who have
	just saved the natives' from an awful fate and, as a reward, been
	given all lightbulbs they can carry.  The new bulb is then inserted
	and the Enterprise continues on its five year mission.


QOTD:
	"Sex is the most fun you can have without laughing."


Bershere's Formula for Failure:
	There are only two kinds of people who fail: those who
	listen to nobody... and those who listen to everybody.


Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	Are you sure you're telling the truth?  Think hard.
	Does it make you happy to know you're sending me to an early grave?
	If all your friends jumped off the cliff, would you jump too?
	Do you feel bad?  How do you think I feel?
	Aren't you ashamed of yourself?
	Don't you know any better?
	How could you be so stupid?
	If that's the worst pain you'll ever feel, you should be thankful.
	You can't fool me.  I know what you're thinking.
	If you can't say anything nice, say nothing at all.


Why You Can't Run When There's Trouble in the Office:
	No matter where you stand, no matter how far or fast you flee,
when it hits the fan, as much as possible will be propelled in your
direction, and almost none will be returned to the source.
		-- John L. Shelton


Personifiers of the world, unite!
You have nothing to lose but Mr. Dignity!
		-- Bernadette Bosky


Q:	What do you get when you cross a pit bull with a prostitute?
A:	Your last blowjob.


There was a man who enjoyed playing golf, and could occasionally put up
with taking in a round with his wife.  One time (with his wife along) he
was having an extremely bad round.  On the 12th hole, he sliced a drive
over by a grounds-keepers' shack.  Although he did not have a clear shot
to the green, his wife noticed that there were two doors on the shack,
and there was a possibility that, if both doors were opened, he might be
able to hit through.  Without hesitation, he instructed his wife to go
around to the other side and open the far door.  Sure enough, this gave
him a clear path to the green.  He stepped up to his ball and prepared
to hit.  His wife had been standing by the far door waiting for him to
hit through.  After a moment, she became curious and stuck her head in
the doorway, to see what he was doing.  At that exact moment, the husband
cracked a three-wood that hit his wife square on the forehead, killing
her instantly.  A few weeks later, the man was playing a round at the same
course, this time with a friend of his.  Once again on the 12th hole, he
sliced his drive to the shack.  His friend suggested that he might be able
to hit through, if he was to open both doors.
	"Nah", replied the man, "Last time I did that I took a 7".


Don't dip your wick in a WAC,
Don't ride the breast of a WAVE,
	Just sit in the sand
	And do it by hand,
And buy bonds with the money you save.


Very few profundities can be expressed in less than 80 characters.


Seems to me that both the Democrats and the Republicans should change their
symbols to a contraceptive device; it stands for inflation, inhibits
production, protects a bunch of pricks and gives everyone a false sense of
security while they're being screwed.


Monday is an awful way to spend one seventh of your life.


Posterity will ne'er survey
A nobler grave than this;
Here lie the bones of Castlereagh;
Stop, traveler, and piss.
		-- Lord Byron, on Lord Castlereagh


The best man for the job is often a woman.


Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.


A scientific truth does not triumph by convincing its opponents and
making them see the light, but rather because its opponents eventually
die and a new generation grows up that is familiar with it.
		-- Max Planck


There are three principal ways to lose money: wine, women, and
engineers.  While the first two are more pleasant, the third is by far
the more certain.
		-- Baron Rothschild, ca. 1800


There is no such thing as fortune.  Try again.


If it's Tuesday, this must be someone else's fortune.


A baby is God's opinion that the world should go on.
		-- Carl Sandburg


No job too big; no fee too big!
		-- Dr. Peter Venkman, "Ghostbusters"


Rules:
	(1)  The boss is always right.
	(2)  When the boss is wrong, refer to rule 1.


What good is an obscenity trial except to popularize literature?
		-- Nero Wolfe, "The League of Frightened Men"


Put your brain in gear before starting your mouth in motion.


Balls Law:
	The angle of the dangle is directly proportional to the heat
	of the meat provided that the thrusts of the busts are constant.


Happiness isn't having what you want, it's wanting what you have.


Everybody but Sam had signed up for a new company pension plan that
called for a small employee contribution.  The company was paying all
the rest.  Unfortunately, 100% employee participation was needed;
otherwise the plan was off.  Sam's boss and his fellow workers pleaded
and cajoled, but to no avail.  Sam said the plan would never pay off.
Finally the company president called Sam into his office.
	"Sam," he said, "here's a copy of the new pension plan and here's
a pen.  I want you to sign the papers.  I'm sorry, but if you don't sign,
you're fired.  As of right now."
	Sam signed the papers immediately.
	"Now," said the president, "would you mind telling me why you
couldn't have signed earlier?"
	"Well, sir," replied Sam, "nobody explained it to me quite so
clearly before."


If God lived on Earth, people would knock out all His windows.
		-- Yiddish saying


Life is not for everyone.


And now for something completely the same.


Captain's Log, star date 21:34.5...


Women want their men to be cops.  They want you to punish them and tell
them what the limits are.  The only thing that women hate worse from a man
than being slapped is when you get on your knees and say you're sorry.
		-- Mort Sahl


The Vet Who Surprised A Cow
	In the course of his duties in August 1977, a Dutch veterinary
surgeon was required to treat an ailing cow.  To investigate its internal
gases he inserted a tube into that end of the animal not capable of facial
expression and struck a match.  The jet of flame set fire first to some
bales of hay and then to the whole farm causing damage estimate at L45,000.
The vet was later fined L140 for starting a fire in a manner surprising to
the magistrates.  The cow escaped with shock.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Mr. Rockford, this is the Thomas Crown School of Dance and Contemporary
Etiquette.  We aren't going to call again!  Now you want these free
lessons or what?


Confidence is the feeling you have before you understand the situation.


A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the word you first
thought of.
		-- Burt Bacharach


Useful Farsi phrases for Americans traveling to Iran:

AKBAR KHALI-KILI HAFTIR LOTFAN.
	Thank you for showing me your marvelous gun.

FEKR GABUL CARDAN DAVAT PAEH GUSH DIVAR.
	I am delighted to accept your kind invitation to lie down
	on the floor with my arms above my head and my legs apart.

SHOMAEH FEKR TAMOMEH QEH GOFTEH BANDE.
	I agree with everything you have ever said or thought in your life.


Phosflink, v.:
	To flick a bulb on and off when it burns out (as if, somehow,
	that will bring it back to life).
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


If women ran the military complex, would the missiles be shaped differently?


Q:	What do you call 15 blondes in a circle?
A:	A dope ring.

Q:	Why do blondes put their hair in ponytails?
A:	To cover up the valve stem.


Think honk if you're a telepath.


When you're bored with yourself, marry, and be bored with someone else.
		-- David Pryce-Jones


If you're really into astrology, tell me, what happens
when Mercury is in the Fish, and Jupiter enters the Virgin?


The universe is an island,
surrounded by whatever it is that surrounds universes.


There is one difference between a tax collector and
a taxidermist -- the taxidermist leaves the hide.
		-- Mortimer Caplan


Virginia law forbids bathtubs in the house; tubs must be kept in the
yard.


I would be batting the big feller if they wasn't ready with the other one,
but a left-hander would be the thing if they wouldn't have knowed it already
because there is more things involved than could come up on the road, even
after we've been home a long while.
		-- Casey Stengel


Thieves respect property; they merely wish the property to become
their property that they may more perfectly respect it.
		-- G. K. Chesterton, "The Man Who Was Thursday"


Q:	How many marketing people does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	I'll have to get back to you on that.


Why doesn't everybody leave everybody else the hell alone?
		-- Jimmy Durante


Filth and old age, I'm sure you will agree,
Are powerful wardens upon chastity.
		-- Geoffrey Chaucer


Are we not men?


