What publishers are looking for these days isn't radical feminism.
It's corporate feminism -- a brand of feminism designed to sell books
and magazines, three-piece suits, airline tickets, Scotch, cigarettes
and, most important, corporate America's message, which runs:  Yes,
women were discriminated against in the past, but that unfortunate
mistake has been remedied; now every woman can attain wealth, prestige
and power by dint of individual rather than collective effort.
		-- Susan Gordon


The star of riches is shining upon you.


Neutrinos have bad breadth.


Half of being smart is knowing what you're dumb at.


The search for the perfect martini is a fraud.  The perfect martini is
a belt of gin from the bottle; anything else is the decadent trappings
of civilization.
		-- T. K.


One day,
A mad meta-poet,
With nothing to say,
Wrote a mad meta-poem
That started: "One day,
A mad meta-poet,
With nothing to say,
Wrote a mad meta-poem
That started: "One day,
[...]
sort of close".
Were the words that the poet,
Finally chose,
To bring his mad poem,
To some sort of close".
Were the words that the poet,
Finally chose,
To bring his mad poem,
To some sort of close".


AMAZING BUT TRUE...
	There is so much sand in Northern Africa that if it
	were spread out it would completely cover the Sahara Desert.


Acting is an art which consists of keeping the audience from coughing.


The computer is to the information industry roughly what the
central power station is to the electrical industry.
		-- Peter Drucker


After an instrument has been assembled,
extra components will be found on the bench.


Better tried by twelve than carried by six.
		-- Jeff Cooper


	At a recent meeting in Snowmass, Colorado, a participant from
Los Angeles fainted from hyperoxygenation, and we had to hold his head
under the exhaust of a bus until he revived.


It's possible that the whole purpose of your life is to serve
as a warning to others.


Save the Whales -- Harpoon a Honda.


Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.


Dungeons and Dragons is just a lot of Saxon Violence.


Take Care of the Molehills, and the Mountains Will Take Care of Themselves.
		-- Motto of the Federal Civil Service


Banectomy, n.:
	The removal of bruises on a banana.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Fried's 1st Rule:
	Increased automation of clerical function
	invariably results in increased operational costs.


Women come and go, but BSD is forever.
		-- Derek Young


Most general statements are false, including this one.
		-- Alexander Dumas


I'm proud to be paying taxes in the United States.  The only thing is
-- I could be just as proud for half the money.
		-- Arthur Godfrey


If I set here and stare at nothing long enough, people might think
I'm an engineer working on something.
		-- S. R. McElroy


No line available at 300 baud.


Watch all-night Donna Reed reruns until your mind resembles oatmeal.


Moebius strippers never show you their back side.


We love our little Johnny
He's the best little boy in all the world
And we wouldn't trade him for anything
That's how much we love him.
No, we couldn't live without him
So that's why, since he died,
We keep him safe in our G.E. freezer.
He's so good, so well-behaved,
Even better than before;
Oh, such a wonderful kid he is.
Alice and me, we'll never be lonely,
Never miss our little Johnny,
He'll never grow up and leave us
That's why we love him like we do.
		-- Mr. Mincemeat


Q:	What do you call a dog with no legs?
A:	What does it matter?  He can't come anyway.

	[I got a dog with no legs -- I call him Cigarette.
		Every night, I take him out for a drag.  Ed.]


I have now come to the conclusion never again to think of marrying,
and for this reason: I can never be satisfied with anyone who would
be blockhead enough to have me.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


90% of the work takes 90% of the time.
The remaining 10% takes the other 90% of the time.


I was drunk last night, crawled home across the lawn.  By accident I
put the car key in the door lock.  The house started up.  So I figured
what the hell, and drove it around the block a few times.  I thought I
should go park it in the middle of the freeway and yell at everyone to
get off my driveway.
		-- Steven Wright


I have become me without my consent.


A Smith & Wesson beats four aces.


We don't care how they do it in New York.


Any member introducing a dog into the Society's premises shall be
liable to a fine of one pound.  Any animal leading a blind person shall
be deemed to be a cat.
		-- Rule 46, Oxford Union Society, London


All most people ask of life is a constant
and exaggerated sense of their own importance.


Using TSO is like kicking a dead whale down the beach.
		-- S. C. Johnson


Seems to me that both the Democrats and the Republicans should change their
symbols to a contraceptive device; it stands for inflation, inhibits
production, protects a bunch of pricks and gives everyone a false sense of
security while they're being screwed.


The meek shall inherit the earth; but by that
time there won't be anything left worth inheriting.


You can't carve your way to success without cutting remarks.


The blind daters had really hit it off and at the end of the evening, as
they were beginning to undress each other in his apartment, the fellow said,
	"Before we go any further, Charmaine, tell me -- do you have
any special fetishes that I should take into account in bed?"
	"As a matter of fact," smiled the girl, "I do happen to have a foot
fetish -- but I suppose I'd settle for maybe seven or eight inches."


A fractal is by definition a set for which the Hausdorff Besicovitch
dimension strictly exceeds the topological dimension.
		-- Mandelbrot, "The Fractal Geometry of Nature"


I had to censor everything my sons watched ... even on the Mary Tyler
Moore show I heard the word "damn!"
		-- Mary Lou Bax


	All that you touch,		And all you create,
	All that you see,		And all you destroy,
	All that you taste,		All that you do,
	All you feel,			And all you say,
	And all that you love,		All that you eat,
	And all that you hate,		And everyone you meet,
	All you distrust,		All that you slight,
	All you save,			And everyone you fight,
	And all that you give,		And all that is now,
	And all that you deal,		And all that is gone,
	All that you buy,		And all that's to come,
	Beg, borrow or steal,		And everything under the sun is
						in tune,
					But the sun is eclipsed
					By the moon.

There is no dark side of the moon... really... matter of fact it's all dark.
		-- Pink Floyd, "Dark Side of the Moon"


I just know I'm a better manager when I have Joe DiMaggio in center field.
		-- Casey Stengel


"You are old," said the youth, "and I'm told by my peers
	That your lectures bore people to death.
Yet you talk at one hundred conventions per year --
	Don't you think that you should save your breath?"

"I have answered three questions and that is enough,"
	Said his father, "Don't give yourself airs!
Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?
	Be off, or I'll kick you downstairs!"


The most popular labor-saving device today is still a husband with money.
		-- Joey Adams, "Cindy and I"


Critic, n.:
	A person who boasts himself hard to please because nobody tries
	to please him.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


I've had one child.  My husband wants to have another.  I'd like to
watch him have another.
		-- Rita Rudner


Superstition, idolatry, and hypocrisy
have ample wages, but truth goes a-begging.
		-- Martin Luther


I can't complain, but sometimes I still do.
		-- Joe Walsh


Steckel's Rule to Success:
	Good enough is never good enough.


PAIN:
	Sliding down a 50-foot razor blade into a bucket of alcohol.


If in doubt, mumble.


Math is like love -- a simple idea but it can get complicated.
		-- R. Drabek


XML is a giant step in no direction at all.
		-- Erik Naggum


Life exists for no known purpose.


UNTOLD WEALTH:
	What you left out on April 15th.


Princeton's taste is sweet like a strawberry tart.  Harvard's is a subtle
taste, like whiskey, coffee, or tobacco.  It may even be a bad habit, for
all I know.
		-- Prof. J. H. Finley '25


And this is a table ma'am.  What in essence it consists of is a horizontal
rectilinear plane surface maintained by four vertical columnar supports,
which we call legs.  The tables in this laboratory, ma'am, are as advanced
in design as one will find anywhere in the world.
		-- Michael Frayn, "The Tin Men"


You are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely.


Marriage is an institution in which two undertake
to become one, and one undertakes to become nothing.


I consider a new device or technology to have been
culturally accepted when it has been used to commit a murder.
		-- M. Gallaher


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#8

Going Out:
	When a man says he is ready to go out, it means he is ready to go
out.  When a woman says she is ready to go out, it means she WILL be ready
to go out, as soon as she finds her earring, finishes putting on her makeup,
checks on the kids, makes a phone call to her best friend...

Cats:
	Women love cats.  Men say they love cats, but when women aren't
looking, men kick cats.

Offspring:
	Ah, children.  A woman knows all about her children.  She knows
about dentist appointments and soccer games and romances and best friends
and favorite foods and secret fears and hopes and dreams.  Men are vaguely
aware of some short people living in the house.


Ignorance is never out of style.  It was in fashion yesterday, it is the
rage today, and it will set the pace tomorrow.
		-- Franklin K. Dane


The difference between this school and a cactus plant is that the
cactus has the pricks on the outside.


Let no guilty man escape.
		-- U. S. Grant


A retired schoolteacher finally decided that she was tired of living alone
and wanted some companionship, so after a good deal of thought she decided
to visit the local pet shop.  The owner suggested a parrot, with which she
could conduct a civilized conversation.  This seemed to be an excellent
idea, so she bought a handsome parrot, sat him on a perch in her living room,
and said, "Say 'Pretty boy.'"  Silence from the bird.  "Come on now, say
'Pretty boy ... pretty boy.'"
	At long last, disgustedly, the bird said, "Oh, shit."
	Shocked, the schoolteacher said, "Just for that, you get five minutes
in the refrigerator."  Five minutes later she put the shivering bird back on
its perch and said, "Now let's hear it: 'Pretty boy ... pretty boy.'"
	"Damn it, wouldja lay off, lady?" said the parrot.
	Outraged, the woman grabbed the bird, said, "That's it!  Ten minutes
in the freezer," and slammed the door on him.
	Hopping about to keep warm, what does the parrot come across but a
big frozen turkey waiting for Thanksgiving.  Startled, he squawks, "My God,
you must have told the bitch to go fuck herself!"


Wanna buy a duck?


The human animal differs from the lesser
primates in his passion for lists of "Ten Best".
		-- H. Allen Smith


Once upon a time there was a little girl named Little Red Riding Hood.  One
fine morning she decided to visit her Grandmother, so she put a freshly baked
cake and a .357 magnum into her basket and set off through the forest.  When
she got there, what should she find but a big black wolf in the bed, who
jumped up, grabbed her and snarled, "I'm going to fuck you until the sun goes
down."
	So Little Red Riding Hood whipped out the .357 and said, "Oh, no,
you're not!  You're going to eat me just like the story says!"


It is often easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission.
		-- Grace Murray Hopper


I do not care if half the league strikes.  Those who do will encounter
quick retribution.  All will be suspended, and I don't care if it wrecks
the National League for five years.  This is the United States of America
and one citizen has as much right to play as another.
		-- Ford Frick, National League President, reacting to a
		   threatened strike by some Cardinal players in 1947 if
		   Jackie Robinson took the field against St. Louis.  The
		   Cardinals backed down and played.


The Reverend Henry Ward Beecher
Called a hen a most elegant creature.
	The hen, pleased with that,
	Laid an egg in his hat --
And thus did the hen reward Beecher.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


How do I love thee?  My accumulator overflows.


Every solution breeds new problems.


Moderation in all things.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer [Terence]


Fools rush in -- and get the best seats in the house.


The temperature of the aqueous content of an unremittingly ogled
culinary vessel will not achieve 100 degrees on the Celsius scale.


Joan of Arc is alive and medium well.


Mrs. Johnson had a very beautiful and intelligent parrot.  He had just one
problem: He liked to fuck Mr. Hawkins' chickens.  Mrs. Johnson scolded him
time and time again, but he would just laugh at her.  Finally, she told him
that if he did it again, she would cut off all of the feathers on the top of
his head.  Well, he resisted the urge for a week, but one day, he just
couldn't resist going next door.  Besides, he figured she was bluffing.
	Well, Mr. Hawkins came over, ranting and raving about how the parrot
had been fucking his chickens again.  Mrs. Johnson didn't say a word, just
took out her scissors and cut off all of the parrot's head feathers.
	That night, Mrs. Johnson had a big party at her house.  Before it
started, she took the parrot and put him on top of the piano by the front
door.  "Since you disobeyed me today, you have to stay here on the piano
tonight.  Now, don't you dare move."
	Well, the parrot was pretty pissed off about having his head bare,
and he wasn't too happy about having to spend the whole evening on the piano.
Still, as he usually did, when the butler would announce the guests as they
arrived, he would say hello to them.  Just then, two bald-headed men came to
the door.
	Before the butler could say anything, the parrot yelled, "Okay, you
chicken-fuckers, up here on the piano with me!"


He who makes a beast of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man.
		-- Dr. Johnson


Half-done, n.:
	This is the best way to eat a kosher dill -- when it's still crunchy,
	light green, yet full of garlic flavor.  The difference between this
	and the typical soggy dark green cucumber corpse is like the
	difference between life and death.

	You may find it difficult to find a good half-done kosher dill there
	in Seattle, so what you should do is take a cab out to the airport,
	fly to New York, take the JFK Express to Jay Street-Borough Hall,
	transfer to an uptown F, get off at East Broadway, walk north on
	Essex (along the park), make your first left onto Hester Street, walk
	about fifteen steps, turn ninety degrees left, and stop.  Say to the
	man, "Let me have a nice half-done."  Worth the trouble, wasn't it?
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


Steckel's Rule to Success:
	Good enough is never good enough.


There is no hunting like the hunting of man, and those who have hunted
armed men long enough and liked it, never care for anything else thereafter.
		-- Ernest Hemingway


Frobnitz, pl. Frobnitzem (frob'nitsm) n.:
	An unspecified physical object, a widget.  Also refers to
electronic black boxes.  This rare form is usually abbreviated to
FROTZ, or more commonly to FROB.  Also used are FROBNULE, FROBULE, and
FROBNODULE.  Starting perhaps in 1979, FROBBOZ (fruh-bahz'), pl.
FROBBOTZIM, has also become very popular, largely due to its exposure
via the Adventure spin-off called Zork (Dungeon).  These can also be
applied to non-physical objects, such as data structures.


I called my parents the other night, but I forgot about the time difference.
They're still living in the fifties.
		-- Strange de Jim


The course of true anything never does run smooth.
		-- Samuel Butler


It is practically impossible to teach good programming to students that
have had a prior exposure to BASIC: as potential programmers they are
mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


Just because they are called "forbidden" transitions does not mean that they
are forbidden.  They are less allowed than allowed transitions, if you see
what I mean.
		-- From a Part 2 Quantum Mechanics lecture


THE BEATLES:
	Paul McCartney's old back-up band.


There is no security on this earth.  There is only opportunity.
		-- General Douglas MacArthur


Dying is a very dull, dreary affair.  My advice to you is to have
nothing whatever to do with it.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham, his last words


The black bear used to be one of the most commonly seen large animals
because in Yosemite and Sequoia national parks they lived off of garbage
and tourist handouts.  This bear has learned to open car doors in
Yosemite, where damage to automobiles caused by bears runs into the tens
of thousands of dollars a year.  Campaigns to bearproof all garbage
containers in wild areas have been difficult, because as one biologist
put it, "There is a considerable overlap between the intelligence levels
of the smartest bears and the dumbest tourists."


Innocence ends when one is stripped of the delusion that one
likes oneself.
		-- Joan Didion, "On Self Respect"


Q:	What's buried in Grant's tomb?
A:	A corpse.


A man is marooned on a desert island with a female sheep and a male Doberman
for companionship.  The animals soon get it on sexually, and all goes well
until the man becomes unbearably horny and makes his move for the ewe, at
which point the dog interposes himself, snarling, fangs bared.  Months later,
a raft drifts into sight.  The sailor swims out, finds a beautiful girl on it,
takes her to shore and feeds and comforts her.
	"You are so good to me," she responds gratefully.  "I'd do absolutely
anything to show my gratitude."
	"Would you?" smiles the sailor as he unfastens the length of rope
that holds up his ragged pants.  "Well, then, here -- use this as a leash
and take that damn dog for a walk!"


SAN DIEGO:
	Four million people, where you can't get a
	good cheeseburger, no matter how hard you try.


You cannot see the wood for the trees.
		-- John Heywood


Mind your own business, then you don't mind mine.


A "full" life in my experience is usually full only of other
people's demands.


Distance doesn't make you any smaller,
but it does make you part of a larger picture.


There can be no twisted thought without a twisted molecule.
		-- R. W. Gerard


Love is like the measles; we all have to go through it.
		-- Jerome K. Jerome


... it is easy to be blinded to the essential uselessness of them by the
sense of achievement you get from getting them to work at all.  In other
words... their fundamental design flaws are completely hidden by their
superficial design flaws.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
		   on the products of the Sirius Cybernetics Corporation


There are few virtues that the Poles do not possess --
and there are few mistakes they have ever avoided.
		-- Winston Churchill, Parliament, August, 1945


Law of Communications:
	The inevitable result of improved and enlarged communications
	between different levels in a hierarchy is a vastly increased
	area of misunderstanding.


Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.


Pardon this fortune.  Database under reconstruction.


I prefer rogues to imbeciles because they sometimes take a rest.
		-- Alexandre Dumas the Younger


The chain which can be yanked is not the eternal chain.
		-- G. Fitch


The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor
prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively,
or to the people.
		-- U.S. Constitution, Amendment 10. (Bill of Rights)


Lubarsky's Law of Cybernetic Entomology:
	There's always one more bug.


Man is a rational animal who always loses his temper when he is called upon
to act in accordance with the dictates of reason.
		-- Oscar Wilde


We have an equal opportunity Calculus class -- it's fully integrated.


Practical politics consists in ignoring facts.
		-- Henry Adams


Eagleson's Law:
	Any code of your own that you haven't looked at for six or more
months, might as well have been written by someone else.  (Eagleson is
an optimist, the real number is more like three weeks.)


1. Avoid fried meats which angry up the blood.
2. If your stomach antagonizes you, pacify it with cool thoughts.
3. Keep the juices flowing by jangling around gently as you move.
4. Go very lightly on the vices, such as carrying on in society, as
	the social ramble ain't restful.
5. Avoid running at all times.
6. Don't look back, something might be gaining on you.
		-- S. Paige, c. 1951


He who always plows a straight furrow is in a rut.


Some men rob you with a six-gun -- others with a fountain pen.
		-- Woodie Guthrie


The only difference between a rut and a grave is their dimensions.


	A guy finishes his 9 to 5, but, instead of going straight home, stops
in at a local bar for a drink.  He gets his beer, turns around to sit down,
and finds himself face to face with a ravishing blonde.  The two strike up a
conversation, and really hit it off.  After a couple drinks they leave the bar
go back to her pad, to peruse her etchings.  Which doesn't take long -- by
seven they were happily engaged in intimate scratching.
	'Round about midnight the guy rolled over in bed and spotted the clock:
"Midnight!  Already!  I gotta get home!  Honey, you have any baby powder?"
He jumps out of bed and starts pulling his pants on, trying to find his shoes.
	"Baby powder?" she asks.  But she comes back from the bathroom and
hands him the powder.  He frantically shakes it all over his hands, kisses her
goodbye, and runs out the front door.
	He gets home, and sure enough, there's his wife, waiting in the
doorway.
	"Okay," she mutters, "let's have it."
	"Well," he says sheepishly, looking down at his feet.  "Okay.  I went
to a bar after work and met a gorgeous blonde and we really hit it off.  We
had a few drinks and went back to her place, and well, see..."
	"Oh yeah?" she says, "let me see your hands...  Don't you lie to me!
You've been bowling again!"


Many a man has fallen in love with a girl in a light so dim he would
not have chosen a suit by it.
		-- Maurice Chevalier


Lie, n.:
	A very poor substitute for the truth, but the only one
	discovered to date.


Absence in love is like water upon fire;
a little quickens, but much extinguishes it.
		-- Hannah More


After your lover has gone you will still have PEANUT BUTTER!


Answer a fool according to his folly, lest he be wise in his own conceit.
		-- Proverbs 26:5


Gorbachev woke up early one morning, and felt great.  He walked over to his
window, threw back the curtains, and saw the sun coming up.  He felt *so*
good, he crowed, "Good Morning Sun!", and was startled when a great booming
voice came back to him, "Good morning Comrade!  Good morning to you and
the great Soviet Socialist Republic!".  Of course, this surprised him, but
great politician that he is, he considers the political ramifications.
Gorbachev then woke up Reza and his closest aides, brought them into his
bedroom, and shouted out "Good morning, Comrade Sun!".  Again a booming reply,
"Good morning, Comrade.  Good morning to you and the rest of the Party!"
Everyone was quite excited about this, and Gorbachev sat down to his
day's work with a feeling of being destiny's favorite child.
	Later, in the evening, he was preparing for the ballet.  As he
dressed, he noticed that the sun was setting.  Walking over to the window,
Gorbachev threw up the sash and again addressed the sun, "Good evening to
you, Comrade Sun!".  Once more the great voice boomed out, "Fuck you,
asshole!  I'm in the West now!"


Calling you stupid is an insult to stupid people!
		-- Wanda, "A Fish Called Wanda"


Catharsis is something I associate with pornography and crossword puzzles.
		-- Howard Chaykin


