Democracy is good.  I say this because other systems are worse.
		-- Jawaharlal Nehru


She's so tough she won't take 'yes' for an answer.


How kind of you to be willing to live someone's life for them.


It's just a jump to the left
	And then a step to the right.
Put your hands on your hips
	You bring your knees in tight.
But it's the pelvic thrust
	That really drives you insa-a-a-a-a-ane!

	LET'S DO THE TIME WARP AGAIN!

		-- Rocky Horror Picture Show


	Why are you doing this to me?
	Because knowledge is torture, and there must be awareness before
there is change.
		-- Jim Starlin, "Captain Marvel", #29


If you do not wish a man to do a thing, you had better get him to talk about
it; for the more men talk, the more likely they are to do nothing else.
		-- Carlyle


Do students of Zen Buddhism do Om-work?


When one woman was asked how long she had been going to symphony concerts,
she paused to calculate and replied, "Forty-seven years -- and I find I mind
it less and less."
		-- Louise Andrews Kent


I have an existential map.  It has "You are here" written all over it.
		-- Steven Wright


Easiest Color to Solve on a Rubik's Cube:
	Black.  Simply remove all the little colored stickers on the
cube, and each of side of the cube will now be the original color of
the plastic underneath -- black.  According to the instructions, this
means the puzzle is solved.
		-- Steve Rubenstein


Virgin, n.:
	An ugly third grader.


Andrea: Unhappy the land that has no heroes.
Galileo: No, unhappy the land that _n_e_e_d_s heroes.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "Life of Galileo"


According to the obituary notices, a mean and unimportant person never
dies.


There were the Scots
Who kept the Sabbath
And everything else they could lay their hands on.
Then there were the Welsh
Who prayed on their knees and their neighbors.
Thirdly there were the Irish
Who never knew what they wanted
But were willing to fight for it anyway.
Lastly there were the English
Who considered themselves a self-made nation
Thus relieving the Almighty of a dreadful responsibility.


As for Carter being for registration but against the draft, isn't that
sort of being like for putting it in and not taking it out?  Even if it
was possible not to follow through, you'd still be getting screwed.


Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.


Don't expect people to keep in step--
it's hard enough just staying in line.


Lackland's Laws:
	1. Never be first.
	2. Never be last.
	3. Never volunteer for anything.


Dyke, n.:
	A woman who kick-starts her vibrator.  And rolls her own
	tampons.


After your lover has gone you will still have PEANUT BUTTER!


I could dance till the cows come home.  On second thought, I'd rather
dance with the cows till you come home.
		-- Groucho Marx


Reporter (to Mahatma Gandhi):
		Mr. Gandhi, what do you think of Western Civilization?
Gandhi:		I think it would be a good idea.


Virtue would go far if vanity did not keep it company.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


No man would listen to you talk if he didn't know it was his turn next.
		-- Edgar W. Howe


Gentlemen prefer blondes, but who says blondes prefer gentlemen?
		-- Mae West


Education is learning what you didn't even know you didn't know.
		-- Daniel J. Boorstin


"I'm a doctor, not a mechanic."
		-- "The Doomsday Machine", when asked if he had heard of
		   the idea of a doomsday machine.
"I'm a doctor, not an escalator."
		-- "Friday's Child", when asked to help the very pregnant
		   Ellen up a steep incline.
"I'm a doctor, not a bricklayer."
		-- "Devil in the Dark", when asked to patch up the Horta.
"I'm a doctor, not an engineer."
		-- "Mirror, Mirror", when asked by Scotty for help in
		   Engineering aboard the USS Enterprise.
"I'm a doctor, not a coal miner."
		-- "The Empath", on being beneath the surface of Minara 2.
"I'm a surgeon, not a psychiatrist."
		-- "City on the Edge of Forever", on Edith Keeler's remark
		   that Kirk talked strangely.
"I'm no magician, Spock, just an old country doctor."
		-- "The Deadly Years", to Spock while trying to cure the
		   aging effects of the rogue comet near Gamma Hydra 4.
"What am I, a doctor or a moon shuttle conductor?"
		-- "The Corbomite Maneuver", when Kirk rushed off from a
		   physical exam to answer the alert.


APL is a natural extension of assembler language programming;
...and is best for educational purposes.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


If you're happy, you're successful.


GUILLOTINE:
	A French chopping center.


CALIFORNIA:
	From Latin 'calor', meaning "heat" (as in English 'calorie' or
	Spanish 'caliente'); and 'fornia', for "sexual intercourse" or
	"fornication." Hence:  Tierra de California, "the land of hot sex."
		-- Ed Moran, Covina, California


You'll be sorry...


Sooner or later, generals will own you.


Growing old isn't bad when you consider the alternatives.
		-- Maurice Chevalier


If you're carrying a torch, put it down.
The Olympics are over.


Fortune's Contribution of the Month to the Animal Rights Debate:

	I'll stay out of animals' way if they'll stay out of mine.
	"Hey you, get off my plate"
		-- Roger Midnight


Q:	Where can you buy black lace crotchless panties for sheep?
A:	Fredrick's of Ithaca, New York.


You can measure a programmer's perspective by noting his attitude on
the continuing viability of FORTRAN.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


Hear about...
	the swinger who labeled his little black book "Future Shack"?


Hubbard's Law:
	Don't take life too seriously;
	you won't get out of it alive.


This file will self-destruct in five minutes.


Fig Newton.


Q:	What do you do if an Irishman throws a pin at you?
A:	Run like hell, he's got a grenade in his mouth!!


Schmidt's Observation:
	All things being equal, a fat person uses more soap
	than a thin person.


There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers,
having been originally breathed into a few forms or into one; and that,
whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of
gravity, from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and
most wonderful have been, and are being, evolved.
		-- Darwin


The King and his advisor are overlooking the battle field:

King:		"How goes the battle plan?"
Advisor:	"See those little black specks running to the right?"
K:	"Yes."
A:	"Those are their guys. And all those little red specks running
	to the left are our guys. Then when they collide we wait till
	the dust clears."
K:	"And?"
A:	"If there are more red specks left than black specks, we win."
K:	"But what about the ^#!!$% battle plan?"
A:	"So far, it seems to be going according to specks."


Fast ship?  You mean you've never heard of the Millennium Falcon?
		-- Han Solo


Lady Luck brings added income today.
Lady friend takes it away tonight.


Not all men who drink are poets.
Some of us drink because we aren't poets.


If you knew what to say next, would you say it?


Love the sea?  I dote upon it -- from the beach.


The king arranged a regal marriage for his daughter -- a bond that would unite
two great kingdoms.  Yet, because the young couple seemed so formal to each
other, he posted a spy outside the royal wedding chamber and demanded a full
account of the wedding night's progress.
	"It's hard to tell," said the spy the next morning. "When the prince
entered the chamber, I heard the princess say, quite formally, 'I offer you my
honor.'  Then the prince said, with equal courtliness, 'I honor your offer.'
And that's the way it went all night long -- honor, offer, honor, offer.


Ever notice that even the busiest people are
never too busy to tell you just how busy they are?


The quality of a blow-job is determined by the
length of sheet you have to pull out of your ass.


A dead man cannot bite.
		-- Gnaeus Pompeius (Pompey)


True to our past we work with an inherited, observed, and accepted vision of
personal futility, and of the beauty of the world.
		-- David Mamet


I can relate to that.


So, good night, you moonlit ladies,
Rock-a-bye sweet baby James.
Deep greens and blues are the colors I choose,
Won't you let me go down in my dreams?
And rock-a-bye sweet baby James.
		-- James Taylor, "Rock-a-bye Sweet Baby James"


WE'LL LOOK INTO IT:
	By the time the wheels make a full turn, we
	assume you will have forgotten about it,too.


Speak roughly to your little VAX,
	And boot it when it crashes;
It knows that one cannot relax
	Because the paging thrashes!

		Wow!  Wow!  Wow!

I speak severely to my VAX,
	And boot it when it crashes;
In spite of all my favorite hacks
	My jobs it always thrashes!

		Wow!  Wow!  Wow!


BACKWARD CONDITIONING:
	Putting saliva in a dog's mouth in an attempt to make a bell ring.


You will be successful in love.


Government [is] an illusion the governed should not encourage.
		-- John Updike, "Couples"


The more things change, the more they remain the same.
		-- Alphonse Karr


You will have long and healthy life.


Chipmunks roasting on an open fire
Jack Frost ripping up your nose
Yuletide carolers being thrown in the fire
And folks dressed up like buffaloes
Everybody knows a turkey slaughtered in the snow
Helps to make the season right
Tiny tots with their eyes all gouged out
Will find it hard to see tonight
They know that Santa's on his way
He's loaded lots of guns and bullets on his sleigh
And every mother's child is sure to spy
To see if reindeer really scream when they die
And so I'm offering this simple phrase
To kids from one to ninety two
Although it's been said many times, many ways
Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas, Fuck you!!


Old age is always fifteen years older than I am.
		-- Bernard Baruch


Cover your stump before you hump.
Before you attack her, wrap your wacker.
Don't be silly... protect your Willie.
Wrap it in foil before checking her oil.
If you're not going to sack it, go home and wack it.
		-- National Condom Week


Some of the management around here are the final proof that the Indians
fucked the buffalo.


A nuclear family is out golfing one day, when it becomes clear that Dad isn't
going to win any trophies, at least on this course.  On the 3rd hole, after
two miserable bogies, he misses a two foot putt and exclaims, "Shit!"
	His wife glances over at their sixteen year old daughter and says
nothing.
	On the fourth hole Dad tees off with an incredible hook, and, after
the inevitable exclamation, his wife reproves him with "Honey!"
	This continues on, with his golfing getting worse and his wife getting
more and more upset about his language.  Finally, on the 17th hole, he again
misses a very easy putt.  Flinging his club down, he curses the hole, the
club, and the sunset, using the word "fuck" for the first time.  His wife
whirls around and cries, "Honey!  Our daughter is standing right next to you!"
	Feeling remorseful, but somewhat defensive, he turns to the
daughter and says, "Well, Cindy, you've heard that word before, haven't
you?"
	"Yes," the daughter replies, "but never in anger."


Before borrowing money from a friend, decide which you need more.
		-- Addison H. Hallock


Mencken and Nathan's Sixteenth Law of The Average American:
	Milking a cow is an operation demanding a special talent that
	is possessed only by yokels, and no person born in a large city
	can never hope to acquire it.


methionylglutaminylarginyltyrosylglutamylserylleucylphenylalanylalanylglutamin-
ylleucyllysylglutamylarginyllysylglutamylglycylalanylphenylalanylvalylprolyl-
phenylalanylvalylthreonylleucylglycylaspartylprolylglycylisoleucylglutamylglu-
taminylserylleucyllysylisoleucylaspartylthreonylleucylisoleucylglutamylalanyl-
glycylalanylaspartylalanylleucylglutamylleucylglycylisoleucylprolylphenylala-
nylserylaspartylprolylleucylalanylaspartylglycylprolylthreonylisoleucylgluta-
minylasparaginylalanylthreonylleucylarginylalanylphenylalanylalanylalanylgly-
cylvalylthreonylprolylalanylglutaminylcysteinylphenylalanylglutamylmethionyl-
leucylalanylleucylisoleucylarginylglutaminyllysylhistidylprolylthreonylisoleu-
cylprolylisoleucylglycylleucylleucylmethionyltyrosylalanylasparaginylleucylva-
lylphenylalanylasparaginyllysylglycylisoleucylaspartylglutamylphenylalanyltyro-
sylalanylglutaminylcysteinylglutamyllysylvalylglycylvalylaspartylserylvalylleu-
cylvalylalanylaspartylvalylprolylvalylglutaminylglutamylserylalanylprolylphe-
nylalanylarginylglutaminylalanylalanylleucylarginylhistidylasparaginylvalylala-
nylprolylisoleucylphenylalanylisoleucylcysteinylprolylprolylaspartylalanylas-
partylaspartylaspartylleucylleucylarginylglutaminylisoleucylalanylseryltyrosyl-
glycylarginylglycyltyrosylthreonyltyrosylleucylleucylserylarginylalanylglycyl-
valylthreonylglycylalanylglutamylasparaginylarginylalanylalanylleucylprolylleu-
cylasparaginylhistidylleucylvalylalanyllysylleucyllysylglutamyltyrosylasparagi-
nylalanylalanylprolylprolylleucylglutaminylglycylphenylalanylglycylisoleucylse-
rylalanylprolylaspartylglutaminylvalyllysylalanylalanylisoleucylaspartylalanyl-
glycylalanylalanylglycylalanylisoleucylserylglycylserylalanylisoleucylvalylly-
sylisoleucylisoleucylglutamylglutaminylhistidylasparaginylisoleucylglutamylpro-
lylglutamyllysylmethionylleucylalanylalanylleucyllysylvalylphenylalanylvalyl-
glutaminylprolylmethionyllysylalanylalanylthreonylarginylserine, n.:
	The chemical name for tryptophan synthetase A protein, a
	1,913-letter enzyme with 267 amino acids.
		-- Mrs. Byrne's Dictionary of Unusual, Obscure, and
		   Preposterous Words


Orcs really aren't so bad (if you use lots of catsup).


Most people can do without the essentials, but not without the luxuries.


The truth about a woman often lasts longer than the woman is true.


NAPOLEON: What shall we do with this soldier, Giuseppe?  Everything he
	  says is wrong.
GIUSEPPE: Make him a general, Excellency, and then everything he says
	  will be right.
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "The Man of Destiny"


It doesn't matter whether you win or lose -- until you lose.


Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes, and not rather
a new wearer of clothes.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


PROGRAM:
	Any task that can't be completed in one telephone call or one
	day.  Once a task is defined as a program ("training program,"
	"sales program," or "marketing program"), its implementation
	always justifies hiring at least three more people.


Goda's Truism:
	By the time you get to the point where you can make ends meet,
	somebody moves the ends.


Q:	How does a hacker fix a function which
	doesn't work for all of the elements in its domain?
A:	He changes the domain.


The only problem with seeing too much is that it makes you insane.
		-- Phaedrus


Knocked, you weren't in.
		-- Opportunity


QOTD:
	"There may be no excuse for laziness, but I'm sure looking."


FreeBSD: everything but the fairings


In this world, nothing is certain but death and taxes.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


I regret to say that we of the F.B.I. are powerless to act in cases of
oral-genital intimacy, unless it has in some way obstructed interstate
commerce.
		-- J. Edgar Hoover


FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #31

A:	Chicken Teriyaki.
Q:	What is the name of the world's oldest kamikaze pilot?


The only real way to look younger is not to be born so soon.
		-- Charles Schulz, "Things I've Had to Learn Over and
		   Over and Over"


Tonight you will pay the wages of sin;
Don't forget to leave a tip.


Better to use medicines at the outset than at the last moment.


If we won't stand together, we don't stand a chance.


Sho' they got to have it against the law.  Shoot, ever'body git high,
they wouldn't be nobody git up and feed the chickens.  Hee-hee.
		-- Terry Southern


Hear about...
	the San Franciscan who backed off the bus because he thought
	someone would grab his seat?


San Francisco isn't what it used to be, and it never was.
		-- Herb Caen


I love you, not only for what you are,
but for what I am when I am with you.
		-- Roy Croft


An ounce of hypocrisy is worth a pound of ambition.
		-- Michael Korda


Q:	Where's the Lone Ranger take his garbage?
A:	To the dump, to the dump, to the dump dump dump!

Q:	What's the Pink Panther say when he steps on an ant hill?
A:	Dead ant, dead ant, dead ant dead ant dead ant...


	A man walks into a bar and says: "I'd like a shot of twelve-year-old
Scotch".  The bartender, who figures the guy is just being obnoxious, reaches
down under the bar and pours him a shot of bar Scotch.  The man takes one sip
and says: "Hey, bartender, I asked you for some twelve-year-old Scotch -- this
is eight-year-old Scotch."
	The bartender reaches behind the bar for the twelve-year-old Scotch,
pours a shot, hands it to the man and says "I've got to hand it to you --
most guys who come in here asking for twelve-year-old Scotch have never even
had it -- they're just being pricks.  But you really know your Scotch -- this
is on the house."
	A drunk has been sitting at the other end of the bar watching this
conversation.  He walks up to the man, hands him a glass and says "Taste this."
The man does -- and spits it out yelling, "This tastes like piss!"  To which
the drunk replies, "It is -- but how old am I?"


You'll be a guest at a gay party.
That will have important consequences for you.


Remember, when preparing a dish for bedtime,
champagne is the best tenderizer.


Go slowly to the entertainments of thy friends,
but quickly to their misfortunes.
		-- Chilo


Lansdale seized on the idea of using Nixon to build support for the
[Vietnamese] elections ... really honest elections, this time.  "Oh, sure,
honest, yes, that's right," Nixon said, "so long as you win!"  With that
he winked, drove his elbow into Lansdale's arm and slapped his own knee.
		-- Richard M. Nixon, quoted in "Sideshow" by W. Shawcross


To restore a sense of reality, I think
Walt Disney should have a Hardluckland.
		-- Jack Paar


Women want their men to be cops.  They want you to punish them and tell
them what the limits are.  The only thing that women hate worse from a man
than being slapped is when you get on your knees and say you're sorry.
		-- Mort Sahl


You better believe that marijuana can cause castration.  Just suppose
your girlfriend gets the munchies!


A young girl once committed suicide because her mother refused her a new
bonnet.  Coroner's verdict: "Death from excessive spunk."
		-- Sacramento Daily Union, September 13, 1860


Try to divide your time evenly to keep others happy.


In the highest society, as well as in the lowest,
woman is merely an instrument of pleasure.
		-- Tolstoy


An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of purge.


A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
		-- Gloria Steinem


For a light heart lives long.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"


	Lassie looked brilliant, in part because the farm family she
lived with was made up of idiots.  Remember?  One of them was always
getting pinned under the tractor, and Lassie was always rushing back to
the farmhouse to alert the other ones.  She'd whimper and tug at their
sleeves, and they'd always waste precious minutes saying things: "Do
you think something's wrong?  Do you think she wants us to follow her?
What is it, girl?", etc., as if this had never happened before, instead
of every week.  What with all the time these people spent pinned under
the tractor, I don't see how they managed to grow any crops whatsoever.
They probably got by on federal crop supports, which Lassie filed the
applications for.
		-- Dave Barry


THE WORST BANK ROBBERY

In August 1975 three men were on their way in to rob the Royal Bank of
Scotland at Rothesay, when they got stuck in the revolving doors.  They
had to be helped free by the staff and, after thanking everyone,
sheepishly left the building.
A few minutes later they returned and announced their intention of
robbing the bank, but none of the staff believed them.  When they demanded
5,000 pounds in cash, the head cashier laughed at them, convinced that it
was a practical joke.
Then one of the men jumped over the counter, but fell to the floor
clutching his ankle.  The other two tried to make their getaway, but got
trapped in the revolving doors again.


You are without a doubt a rogue, a rascal, a villain, a thief, a scoundrel,
and a mean, dirty, stinking, sniveling, sneaking, pimping, pocketpicking,
thrice double-damned, no-good son-of-a-bitch.


It's illegal in Wilbur, Washington, to ride an ugly horse.


curtation n. The enforced compression of a string in the fixed-length field
environment.
	The problem of fitting extremely variable-length strings such as names,
addresses, and item descriptions into fixed-length records is no trivial
matter.  Neglect of the subtle art of curtation has probably alienated more
people than any other aspect of data processing.  You order Mozart's "Don
Giovanni" from your record club, and they invoice you $24.95 for MOZ DONG.
The witless mapping of the sublime onto the ridiculous!  Equally puzzling is
the curtation that produces the same eight characters, THE BEST, whether you
order "The Best of Wagner", "The Best of Schubert", or "The Best of the Turds".
Similarly, wine lovers buying from computerized wineries twirl their glasses,
check their delivery notes, and inform their friends, "A rather innocent,
possibly overtruncated CAB SAUV 69 TAL."  The squeezing of fruit into 10
columns has yielded such memorable obscenities as COX OR PIP.  The examples
cited are real, and the curtational methodology which produced them is still
with us.

MOZ DONG n.
	Curtation of Don Giovanni by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Lorenzo da
Ponte, as performed by the computerized billing ensemble of the Internat'l
Preview Society, Great Neck (sic), N.Y.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


Say!  You've struck a heap of trouble--
Bust in business, lost your wife;
No one cares a cent about you,
You don't care a cent for life;
Hard luck has of hope bereft you,
Health is failing, wish you'd die--
Why, you've still the sunshine left you
And the big blue sky.
		-- R. W. Service


Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants.
		-- General Omar N. Bradley


What is the difference between a Turing machine and the modern computer?
It's the same as that between Hillary's ascent of Everest and the
establishment of a Hilton on its peak.


What this country needs is a good five dollar plasma weapon.


We all like praise, but a hike in our pay is the best kind of ways.


13. ...  r-q1


	Two women were walking down the street, when one nudges the other
and says, "There's my husband coming out of the florist's with a dozen
roses, damn it.  That means I'll have to keep my legs up in the air for
three days."
	Replies her friend, "Well, why don't you buy a vase?"



Don't buy a landslide.  I don't want to have to pay for one more vote
than I have to.
		-- Joseph P. Kennedy, on JFK's election strategy


Contemporary American feminism's simplistic psychology is illustrated by
the new cliche of the date-rape furor:  "`No' always means `no'."  Will
we ever graduate from the Girl Scouts?  "No" has always been, and always
will be, part of the dangerous alluring courtship ritual of sex and
seduction, observable even in the animal kingdom.
		-- Camille Paglia, NY Times, Dec. 14 1990, Op Ed.


A man can have two, maybe three love affairs while he's married.  After
that it's cheating.
		-- Yves Montand


Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


Go not to the elves for counsel, for they will say both yes and no.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


MSDOS is not dead, it just smells that way.
		-- Henry Spencer


Bondage, or as the French call it, ligottage, is the gentle art of tying up
your sex partner --- not to overcome reluctance but to boost orgasm.  It's
one unscheduled sex technique which a lot of people find extremely exciting
but are scared to try, and a venerable human resource for increasing sexual
feeling, partly because it's a harmless expression of sexual aggression --
something we badly need, our culture being very uptight about it -- and more
because of its physical affects: slow orgasm when unable to move is a
mind-blowing experience for anyone not too frightened of their own aggressive
self to try it.
		-- The Joy of Sex


Do not rejoice in his defeat, you men,
For though the world stood up
And stopped the bastard,
The bitch that bore him is in heat again.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


DYSLEXICS OF THE WORLD, UNTIE!


When a person goes on a diet, the first thing he loses is his temper.


Plots are like girdles.  Hidden, they hold your interest; revealed, they're
of no interest except to fetishists. Like girdles, they attempt to contain
an uncontainable experience.
		-- R. S. Knapp


Have at you!


XEROX never does anything original.


Life is too important to take seriously.
		-- Corky Siegel


FORTRAN is a good example of a language
which is easier to parse using ad hoc techniques.
		-- D. Gries
		   [What's good about it?  Ed.]


