But Captain -- the engines can't take this much longer!


Exuberant Sue from Anjou
Found that fucking affected her hue.
	She presented to sight
	Nipples pink, bottom white;
But her asshole was purple and blue.


Q:	What do you get when you cross a pit bull with a prostitute?
A:	Your last blowjob.


Beat me, bite me, whip me, fuck me, make me write bad checks!


Never argue with a woman when she's tired -- or rested.


If man is only a little lower than the angels, the angels should reform.
		-- Mary Wilson Little


If you'd like to cultivate insomnia,
Bed down with a pretty girl.
Amor vincit omnia.


There's more than one way to skin a cat:
	#27 -- Use an electric sander.


Maybe we can get together and show off to each other sometimes.


Year, n.:
	A period of three hundred and sixty-five disappointments.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


	"I suppose you expect me to talk."
	"No, Mr. Bond.  I expect you to die."
		-- Goldfinger


Success is in the minds of Fools.
		-- William Wrenshaw, 1578


Getting there is only half as far as getting there and back.


Men often believe -- or pretend -- that the "Law" is something sacred, or
at least a science -- an unfounded assumption very convenient to governments.


A black cat crossing your path signifies
that the animal is going somewhere.
		-- Groucho Marx


If I don't see you in the future, I'll see you in the pasture.


Your reasoning powers are good, and you are a fairly good planner.


There is nothing wrong with abstinence, in moderation.


I saw a subliminal advertising executive, but only for a second.
		-- Steven Wright


INTOXICATED:
	When you feel sophisticated without being able to pronounce it.


QOTD:
	"You might as well say "yes", the sheets are messy already."


Life is one long struggle in the dark.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


	Once in a medieval times...there was a King who was getting sort of
bored after dinner one night.  He decided to hold a contest of who at the
court had the mightiest "weapon".  The first knight stood up and proclaimed
that he had the mightiest weapon... he pulled down his pants and tied a 5
pound weight around it.  The weapon doth rose.  The crowds cheered... the
women swooned... the children waved multi-colored banners... and the band
played appropriate music.
	Another knight stood up and claimed that he had the mightiest weapon.
He dropped his pants and tied a 10 pound weight to himself.  The weapon doth
rose. The crowds cheered... the women swooned... the children waved
multi-colored banners...  and the band played appropriate music.
	After several more knights tried to prove their superiority...  the
King finally spoke out. "I have the mightiest weapon of them all!" He dropped
his pants and tied, not a 10 pound, not a 20 pound, not ever a thirty pound,
but a 40 pound weight, plus a coffee pot, to himself. The weapon doth rose.
The crowds cheered...  the women swooned... the children waved multi-colored
banners... and the band played "God Save the Queen."


Norm:  Gentlemen, start your taps.
		-- Cheers, The Coach's Daughter

Coach: How's life treating you, Norm?
Norm:  Like it caught me in bed with his wife.
		-- Cheers, Any Friend of Diane's

Coach: How's life, Norm?
Norm:  Not for the squeamish, Coach.
		-- Cheers, Friends, Romans, and Accountants


As for the women, though we scorn and flout 'em,
We may live with, but cannot live without 'em.
		-- Frederic Reynolds


Reporter:   "What would you do if you found a million dollars?"
Yogi Berra: "If the guy was poor, I would give it back."


And I suppose the little things are harder to get used to than the big
ones.  The big ones you get used to, you make up your mind to them.  The
little things come along unexpectedly, when you aren't thinking about
them, aren't braced against them.
		-- Marion Zimmer Bradley, "The Forbidden Tower"


Flowchart, n. & v.:
	[From flow "to ripple down in rich profusion, as hair" + chart
"a cryptic hidden-treasure map designed to mislead the uninitiated."]
1. n. The solution, if any, to a class of Mascheroni construction
problems in which given algorithms require geometrical representation
using only the 35 basic ideograms of the ANSI template.  2. n. Neronic
doodling while the system burns.  3. n. A low-cost substitute for
wallpaper.  4. n.  The innumerate misleading the illiterate.  "A
thousand pictures is worth ten lines of code." -- The Programmer's
Little Red Vade Mecum, Mao Tse T'umps.  5. v.intrans. To produce
flowcharts with no particular object in mind.  6. v.trans. To obfuscate
(a problem) with esoteric cartoons.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


It is ridiculous to call this an industry.  This is not.  This is rat eat
rat, dog eat dog.  I'll kill 'em, and I'm going to kill 'em before they
kill me.  You're talking about the American way of survival of the fittest.
		-- Ray Kroc, founder of McDonald's


DEC diagnostics would run on a dead whale.
		-- Mel Ferentz


Have no friends not equal to yourself.
		-- Confucius


Come fill the cup and in the fire of spring
Your winter garment of repentance fling.
The bird of time has but a little way
To flutter -- and the bird is on the wing.
		-- Omar Khayyam


Captain's Log, star date 21:34.5...


Walters' Rule:
	All airline flights depart from the gates most distant from
	the center of the terminal.  Nobody ever had a reservation
	on a plane that left Gate 1.


The King plugged the Queen's ass with mustard
To make her fuck hot, but got flustered,
	And cried, "Oh, my dear,
	I am coming, I fear,
But the mustard will make you come `plus tard'."


Men of lofty genius when they are doing the least work are most active.
		-- Leonardo da Vinci


Smear the road with a runner!!


Horny, adj.:
	When your cock gets hard if the wind blows.


I can understand companionship.  I can understand bought sex in the
afternoon.  I cannot understand the love affair.
		-- Gore Vidal


	A carpet installer decides to take a cigarette break after completing
the installation in the first of several rooms he has to do.  Finding them
missing from his pocket he begins searching, only to notice a small lump in
his recently completed carpet-installation.  Not wanting to pull up all that
work for a lousy pack of cigarettes he simply walks over and pounds the lump
flat.  Foregoing the break, he continues on to the other rooms to be carpeted.
	At the end of the day, while loading his tools into his truck, two
events occur almost simultaneously: he spies his pack of cigarettes on the
dashboard of the truck, and the lady of the house summons him imperiously:
"Have you seen my parakeet?"


Blame Saint Andreas -- it's all his fault.


France is a country where the money falls apart and you can't tear
the toilet paper.
		-- Billy Wilder


Logic is the chastity belt of the mind!


I gave my love an Apple, that had no core;
I gave my love a building, that had no floor;
I wrote my love a program, that had no end;
I gave my love an upgrade, with no cryin'.

How can there be an Apple, that has no core?
How can there be a building, that has no floor?
How can there be a program, that has no end?
How can there be an upgrade, with no cryin'?

An Apple's MOS memory don't use no core!
A building that's perfect, it has no flaw!
A program with GOTOs, it has no end!
I lied about the upgrade, with no cryin'!


THEORY:
	System of ideas meant to explain something, chosen with a view to
	originality, controversialism, incomprehensibility, and how good
	it will look in print.


Everything bows to success, even grammar.


It doesn't much signify whom one marries, for one is sure to find out
next morning it was someone else.
		-- Rogers


Two heads are better than one.
		-- John Heywood


MEMO:
	An interoffice communication too often written more for
	the benefit of the person who sends it than the person
	who receives it.


It's hard to keep your shirt on when
you're getting something off your chest.


6 oz. orange juice
1 oz. vodka
1/2 oz. Galliano
		Harvey Wallbangers


I never pray before meals -- my mom's a good cook.


Politics is the ability to foretell what is going to happen tomorrow, next
week, next month and next year.  And to have the ability afterwards to
explain why it didn't happen.
		-- Winston Churchill


It's getting uncommonly easy to kill people in large numbers, and the
first thing a principle does -- if it really is a principle -- is to
kill somebody.
		-- Dorothy Sayers


I don't deserve this award, but I have arthritis and I don't
deserve that either.
		-- Jack Benny


We were so poor that we thought new clothes meant someone had died.


I have a funny daddy
Who goes in and out with me
And everything that baby does
Daddy's sure to see,
And everything that baby says,
My daddy's sure to tell.
You _m_u_s_t have read my daddy's verse.
I hope he fries in Hell.
		-- Ogden Nash


We could do that, but it would be wrong, that's for sure.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


All flesh is grass.
		-- Isaiah 40:6
Smoke a friend today.


This Czech walks into police station in 1968 during the Fraternal Assistance.
Czech:	Hey, out there in the street, a Swiss soldier knocked me down and
	took my Russian watch.
Desk Sergeant:	Come again?
Czech:	Right out there in the street, a Swiss soldier knocked me down and
	took my Russian watch.
DS:	You're confused.  Why would there be a Swiss soldier here?  And who
	would want to own a Russian watch?  It was a Russian soldier who
	knocked you down and took your Swiss watch, right?
Czech:	Well, maybe, but you said it, not me.


Taking drugs in the 60's, I tried to reach Nirvana, but all I ever
got were re-runs of The Mickey Mouse Club.
		-- Rev. Jim


Around computers it is difficult to find the correct unit of time to
measure progress.  Some cathedrals took a century to complete.  Can you
imagine the grandeur and scope of a program that would take as long?
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
		-- Martin Luther King, Jr.


The great merit of society is to make one appreciate solitude.
		-- Charles Chincholles, "Reflections on the Art of Life"


If there are epigrams, there must be meta-epigrams.


Boy!  Eucalyptus!


Lucky is he for whom the belle toils.


There was a young tenor named Springer,
Got his testicles caught in a wringer.
	He hollered in pain,
	As they rolled down the drain,
"There goes my career as a singer!"


Q:	Why do mice have such small balls?
A:	Very few of them know how to dance!


The Wright Brothers weren't the first to fly.
They were just the first not to crash.


Abraham Lincoln didn't die in vain.  He died in Washington, D.C.


The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


Any problem in computer science can be solved with another layer
of indirection.
		-- David Wheeler


When your conscious becomes unconscious, you are drunk.
When your unconscious becomes conscious, you are stoned.


Linus:	I guess it's wrong always to be worrying about tomorrow.
	Maybe we should think only about today.
Charlie Brown:
	No, that's giving up.  I'm still hoping that yesterday
	will get better.


A life spent in search of the perfect hash brownie is a life well spent.


Noise proves nothing.  Often a hen who has
merely laid an egg cackles as if she laid an asteroid.
		-- Mark Twain


He hated to mend, so young Ned
Called in a cute neighbor instead.
	Her husband said, "Vi,
	When you stitched up his torn fly,
Did you have to bite off the thread?"


To every Ph.D. there is an equal and opposite Ph.D.
		-- B. Duggan


I do enjoy a good long walk -- especially when my wife takes one.


The giraffe you thought you offended last week is willing to be nuzzled
today.


Puff the Jewish dragon lived in Palestine,
And frolicked in the Autumn mist,
And drank Manishiewitz wine.
Little Rabbi Jacob loved that rascal Puff,
And brought him soup and Matzah balls,
And other kosher stuff.

Then one day it happened, Puff was eating pork.
Little Rabbi Jacob took that dragon for a walk.
Gently he explained that dragons don't eat meat,
That come from little piggies who have dirty filthy feet.


A priest asked: What is Fate, Master?

And he answered:

It is that which gives a beast of burden its reason for existence.

It is that which men in former times had to bear upon their backs.

It is that which has caused nations to build byways from City to City
upon which carts and coaches pass, and alongside which inns have come
to be built to stave off Hunger, Thirst and Weariness.

And that is Fate?  said the priest.

Fate ... I thought you said Freight, responded the Master.

That's all right, said the priest.  I wanted to know what Freight was
too.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"


Who needs friends when you can sit alone in your room and drink?


Death is nature's way of saying `Howdy'.


	In a forest a fox bumps into a little rabbit, and says, "Hi,
Junior, what are you up to?"
	"I'm writing a dissertation on how rabbits eat foxes," said the
rabbit.
	"Come now, friend rabbit, you know that's impossible!  No one
will publish such rubbish!"
	"Well, follow me and I'll show you."
	They both go into the rabbit's dwelling and after a while the
rabbit emerges with a satisfied expression on his face.  Comes along a
wolf.  "Hello, little buddy, what are we doing these days?"
	"I'm writing the 2'nd chapter of my thesis, on how rabbits devour
wolves."
	"Are you crazy?  Where's your academic honesty?"
	"Come with me and I'll show you."
	As before, the rabbit comes out with a satisfied look on his face
and a diploma in his paw.  Finally, the camera pans into the rabbit's cave
and, as everybody should have guessed by now, we see a mean-looking, huge
lion, sitting, picking his teeth and belching, next to some furry, bloody
remnants of the wolf and the fox.

	The moral: It's not the contents of your thesis that are
important -- it's your PhD advisor that really counts.


It is perfectly permissible for every system call to fail with [ENOTADUCK]
unless the first five bytes of the caller's address space contain the
word "quack".
		-- Garrett Wollman


Nuclear powered vacuum cleaners will probably be a reality within 10 years.
		-- Alex Lewyt (President of the Lewyt Corporation,
		   manufacturers of vacuum cleaners), quoted in The New York
		   Times, June 10, 1955.


Defeat is worse than death because you have to live with defeat.
		-- Bill Musselman


Q:	What's the difference between a dead dog in the road and a dead
	lawyer in the road?
A:	There are skid marks in front of the dog.


Substitute "damn" every time you're inclined to write "very"; your
editor will delete it and the writing will be just as it should be.
		-- Mark Twain


I do not care if half the league strikes.  Those who do will encounter
quick retribution.  All will be suspended, and I don't care if it wrecks
the National League for five years.  This is the United States of America
and one citizen has as much right to play as another.
		-- Ford Frick, National League President, reacting to a
		   threatened strike by some Cardinal players in 1947 if
		   Jackie Robinson took the field against St. Louis.  The
		   Cardinals backed down and played.


Q:	What's the difference between George Washington, Richard Nixon
	and Ronald Reagan?
A:	One always told the truth, one always lied, and one can't tell the
	difference.


Manic-depressive, n.:
	Easy glum, easy glow.


The hater of property and of government takes care to have his warranty
deed recorded, and the book written against fame and learning has the
author's name on the title page.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Journals" (1831)


Command, n.:
	Statement presented by a human and accepted by a computer in
	such a manner as to make the human feel as if he is in control.


	"Anything else, sir?" asked the attentive bellhop, trying his best
to make the lady and gentleman comfortable in their penthouse suite in the
posh hotel.
	"No.  No, thank you," replied the gentleman.
	"Anything for your wife, sir?" the bellhop asked.
	"Why, yes, young man," said the gentleman.  "Would you bring me
a postcard?"


Impossible, adj.:
	(1) I wouldn't like it and when it happens I won't approve;
	(2) I can't be bothered;
	(3) God can't be bothered.
Meaning (3) may perhaps be valid but the others are 101% whaledreck.
		-- Chad C. Mulligan, "The Hipcrime Vocab"


After the ground war began, captured Iraqi soldiers said any of them caught
by superiors wearing a white T-shirt would be executed because of the ease
with which the shirts could be used as surrender flags.  Some Iraqi soldiers
carried bleach with them to make their dark shirts white.
		-- Chuck Shepherd, Funny Times, May 1991


Dry fucking: that's man on top of woman, the action is the same as fucking,
but you're dressed.  It's great for the girl... you're hitting and rubbing
exactly the area that you ought to be... I still like that.
		-- Grace Slick


The camel has a single hump;
The dromedary two;
Or else the other way around.
I'm never sure.  Are you?
		-- Ogden Nash


PPRB -- Pillage, plunder, rape and burn.


The world's as ugly as sin,
And almost as delightful.
		-- Frederick Locker-Lampson


Keep your mouth shut and people will think you stupid;
Open it and you remove all doubt.


A man marries to have a home, but also because he doesn't want to be
bothered with sex and all that sort of thing.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham, "The Circle"


I was having sex just the other night, but she hung up.


Look, we trade every day out there with hustlers, deal-makers, shysters,
con-men.  That's the way businesses get started.  That's the way this
country was built.
		-- Hubert Allen


Q:	What do you say to a New Yorker with a job?
A:	Big Mac, fries and a Coke, please!


So far as I can remember, there is not one word in the Gospels in
praise of intelligence.
		-- Bertrand Russell


Were there no women, men might live like gods.
		-- Thomas Dekker


Stop!  There was first a game of blindman's buff.  Of course there was.
And I no more believe Topper was really blind than I believe he had eyes
in his boots.  My opinion is, that it was a done thing between him and
Scrooge's nephew; and that the Ghost of Christmas Present knew it.  The
way he went after that plump sister in the lace tucker, was an outrage
on the credulity of human nature.


	After watching an extremely attractive maternity-ward patient
earnestly thumbing her way through a telephone directory for several
minutes, a hospital orderly finally asked if he could be of some help.
	"No, thanks," smiled the young mother, "I'm just looking for a
name for my baby."
	"But the hospital supplies a special booklet that lists hundreds
of first names and their meanings," said the orderly.
	"That won't help," said the woman, "my baby already has a first
name."


Kiss a non-smoker; taste the difference.


No job too big; no fee too big!
		-- Dr. Peter Venkman, "Ghostbusters"


A newspaper is a circulating library with high blood pressure.
		-- Arthure "Bugs" Baer


LOGO for the Dead

LOGO for the Dead lets you continue your computing activities from
"The Other Side."

The package includes a unique telecommunications feature which lets you
turn your TRS-80 into an electronic Ouija board.  Then, using Logo's
graphics capabilities, you can work with a friend or relative on this
side of the Great Beyond to write programs.  The software requires that
your body be hardwired to an analog-to-digital converter, which is then
interfaced to your computer.  A special terminal (very terminal) program
lets you talk with the users through Deadnet, an EBBS (Ectoplasmic
Bulletin Board System).

LOGO for the Dead is available for 10 percent of your estate
from NecroSoft inc., 6502 Charnelhouse Blvd., Cleveland, OH 44101.
		-- '80 Microcomputing


Don't let nobody tell you what you cannot do;
don't let nobody tell you what's impossible for you;
don't let nobody tell you what you got to do,
or you'll never know ... what's on the other side of the rainbow...
remember, if you don't follow your dreams,
you'll never know what's on the other side of the rainbow...
		-- melba moore, "the other side of the rainbow"


A well-known friend is a treasure.


Last week a cop stopped me in my car.  He asked me if I had a police record.
I said, no, but I have the new DEVO album.  Cops have no sense of humor.


I CAN'T come back, I don't know how it works.
		-- Frank Morgan as The Wizard, "The Wizard of Oz"


Q:	What's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer?
A:	The taste.


Carney's Law: There's at least a 50-50 chance that someone will print
the name Craney incorrectly.
		-- Jim Canrey


The sum of the Universe is zero.


Take an astronaut to launch.


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #18:

Q:  Are you married?
A:  No, I'm divorced.
Q:  And what did your husband do before you divorced him?
A:  A lot of things I didn't know about.


Nadia Comaneci, simple perfection.
		-- '76 Olympics


He didn't run for reelection.  "Politics brings you into contact with all
the people you'd give anything to avoid," he said. "I'm staying home."
		-- Garrison Keillor, "Lake Wobegon Days"


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(17) The greatest football team in the history of civilization was the
     Pittsburgh Steelers of 1975 through 1980.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


A bachelor is an unaltared male.


COCAINE:
	The thinking man's Dristan.


Under the wide and starry sky,
Dig my grave and let me lie,
Glad did I live and gladly die,
And laid me down with a will,
And this be the verse that you grave for me,
Here he lies where he longed to be,
Home is the sailor home from the sea,
And the hunter home from the hill.
		-- R. Kipling


Double!


curtation n. The enforced compression of a string in the fixed-length field
environment.
	The problem of fitting extremely variable-length strings such as names,
addresses, and item descriptions into fixed-length records is no trivial
matter.  Neglect of the subtle art of curtation has probably alienated more
people than any other aspect of data processing.  You order Mozart's "Don
Giovanni" from your record club, and they invoice you $24.95 for MOZ DONG.
The witless mapping of the sublime onto the ridiculous!  Equally puzzling is
the curtation that produces the same eight characters, THE BEST, whether you
order "The Best of Wagner", "The Best of Schubert", or "The Best of the Turds".
Similarly, wine lovers buying from computerized wineries twirl their glasses,
check their delivery notes, and inform their friends, "A rather innocent,
possibly overtruncated CAB SAUV 69 TAL."  The squeezing of fruit into 10
columns has yielded such memorable obscenities as COX OR PIP.  The examples
cited are real, and the curtational methodology which produced them is still
with us.

MOZ DONG n.
	Curtation of Don Giovanni by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Lorenzo da
Ponte, as performed by the computerized billing ensemble of the Internat'l
Preview Society, Great Neck (sic), N.Y.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


COMPUTER:
	An electronic entity which performs sequences of useful steps in a
	totally understandable, rigorously logical manner.  If you believe
	this, see me about a bridge I have for sale in Manhattan.


The Least Successful Defrosting Device
	The all-time record here is held by Mr. Peter Rowlands of Lancaster
whose lips became frozen to his lock in 1979 while blowing warm air on it.
	"I got down on my knees to breathe into the lock.  Somehow my lips
got stuck fast."
	While he was in the posture, an old lady passed an inquired if he
was all right.  "Alra?  Igmmlptk", he replied at which point she ran away.
	"I tried to tell her what had happened, but it came out sort of...
muffled," explained Mr. Rowlands, a pottery designer.
	He was trapped for twenty minutes ("I felt a bit foolish") until
constant hot breathing brought freedom.  He was subsequently nicknamed "Hot
Lips".
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


