Sure eating yoghurt will improve your sex life.  People know that if
you'll eat that stuff, you'll eat anything.


Have you ever noticed that the people who are always trying
to tell you `there's a time for work and a time for play'
never find the time for play?


If a camel is a horse designed by a committee, then a consensus forecast
is a camel's behind.
		-- Edgar R. Fiedler


IBM Pollyanna Principle:
	Machines should work.  People should think.


I'd just as soon kiss a Wookiee.
		-- Princess Leia Organa


Practice yourself what you preach.
		-- Titus Maccius Plautus


Cerebus:	I'd love to lick apricot brandy out of your navel.
Jaka:		Look, Cerebus -- Jaka has to tell you ... something
Cerebus:	If Cerebus had a navel, would you lick apricot brandy
		out of it?
Jaka:		Ugh!
Cerebus:	You don't like apricot brandy?
		-- Cerebus #6, "The Secret"


Said the Duchess of Danzer at tea,
"Young man, do you fart when you pee?"
	I replied with some wit,
	"Do you belch when you shit?"
I think that was one up for me.


Scrubbing floors and emptying bedpans has as much dignity as the
Presidency.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


"Hello," he lied.
		-- Don Carpenter, quoting a Hollywood agent


Be self-reliant and your success is assured.


(1) Alexander the Great was a great general.
(2) Great generals are forewarned.
(3) Forewarned is forearmed.
(4) Four is an even number.
(5) Four is certainly an odd number of arms for a man to have.
(6) The only number that is both even and odd is infinity.
	Therefore, Alexander the Great had an infinite number of arms.


A man marries to have a home, but also because he doesn't want to be
bothered with sex and all that sort of thing.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham, "The Circle"


Philosophy, n.:
	Unintelligible answers to insoluble problems.


Fidelity, n.:
	A virtue peculiar to those who are about to be betrayed.


Someday we'll look back on this moment and plow into a parked car.
		-- Evan Davis


As the poet said, "Only God can make a tree" -- probably
because it's so hard to figure out how to get the bark on.
		-- Woody Allen


Christian, n.:
	One who believes that the New Testament is a divinely inspired
book admirably suited to the spiritual needs of his neighbor.  One who
follows the teachings of Christ in so far as they are not inconsistent
with a life of sin.


A game can by God repent or we'll punish it.
That's how they did it in Salem in the seventeenth century,
and that's how we'll do it now.
		-- Dick Hamlet


It is now 10 p.m.  Do you know where Henry Kissinger is?
		-- Elizabeth Carpenter


There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly
what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly
disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and
inexplicable.

There is another theory which states that this has already happened.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the End of the Universe"


De Hispanice puella verumque
Simplex oris verborumque
	Tulit potens vagina
	Hominum agmina
Iterum iterum iterumque.


Reporter:   "How did you like school when you were growing up, Yogi?"
Yogi Berra: "Closed."


The average income of the modern teenager is about 2AM.


QOTD:
	"The baby was so ugly they had to hang a pork chop around its
	neck to get the dog to play with it."


Put your trust in those who are worthy.


You'll wish that you had done some of the
hard things when they were easier to do.


What is tolerance? -- it is the consequence of humanity.  We are all formed
of frailty and error; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly -- that
is the first law of nature.
		-- Voltaire


If you have to hate, hate gently.


Marriage, n.:
	The evil aye.


The truth is rarely pure, and never simple.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Chicago Transit Authority Rider's Rule #84:
	The CTA has complimentary pop-up timers available on request
for overheated passengers.  When your timer pops up, the driver will
cheerfully baste you.
		-- Chicago Reader 5/28/82


Type louder, please.


A woman occasionally is quite a serviceable substitute for masturbation.
It takes an abundance of imagination, to be sure.
		-- Karl Kraus, "Die Fackel"


Harris had the beefstead pie between his knees, and was carving it, and George
and I were waiting with our plates ready.
	"Have you got a spoon there?" says Harris; "I want a spoon to help
the gravy with."
	The hamper was close behind us, and George and I both turned round to
reach one out.  We were not five seconds getting it.  When we looked round
again, Harris and the pie were gone!
	It was a wide, open field.  There was not a tree or a bit of hedge for
hundreds of yards.  He could not have tumbled into the river, because we were
on the water side of him, and he would have had to climb over us to do it.
	George and I gazed all about.  Then we gazed at each other.
	"Has he been snatched up to heaven?" I queried.
	"They'd hardly have taken the pie, too," said George.
	There seemed weight in this objection, and we discarded the heavenly
theory.
	"I suppose the truth of the matter is," suggested George, descending
to the commonplace and practicable, "that there has been an earthquake."
	And then he added, with a touch of sadness in his voice: "I wish he
hadn't been carving that pie."
		-- Jerome K. Jerome, "Three Men In A Boat"


Don't take life seriously, you'll never get out alive.


A private sin is not so prejudicial in the world as a public indecency.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


Age is a tyrant who forbids,
at the penalty of life, all the pleasures of youth.


Being owned by someone used to be called
slavery -- now it's called commitment.


May all your Emus lay soft boiled eggs, and may all your
Kangaroos be born with iPods already fitted.
		-- Aussie New Years wish, found on hasselbladinfo.com


Life is an exciting business, and most
exciting when it is lived for others.


Doin' it in the dark, down in Rock Creek Park.


You will be run over by a bus.


Always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid back.


The best way to make a fire with two sticks is to make sure one of them
is a match.
		-- Will Rogers


Think honk if you're a telepath.


Good day to let down old friends who need help.


Writing software is more fun than working.


Love means nothing to a tennis player.


Hear about...
	the compulsive gambler who drove to Las Vegas, pulled up to
	a parking meter, put a dime in -- and lost his car?


SOCIALISM:
	You have two cows.  Give one to your neighbour.
COMMUNISM:
	You have two cows.
	Give both to the government.  The government gives you milk.
CAPITALISM:
	You sell one cow and buy a bull.
FASCISM:
	You have two cows.  Give milk to the government.
	The government sells it.
NAZISM:
	The government shoots you and takes the cows.
NEW DEALISM:
	The government shoots one cow,
	milks the other, and pours the milk down the sink.
ANARCHISM:
	Keep the cows.  Steal another one.  Shoot the government.
CONSERVATISM:
	Freeze the milk.  Embalm the cows.


The only really decent thing to do behind a person's back is pat it.


Britain has lowered the tax on chastity belts by about 60 cents each...
[reclassifying them] as a safety device rather than... clothing
		-- NY Times


She was a farmer's daughter but she couldn't keep her calves together.


Hear about...
	the young thing who is fondly known to the men in the office as
	Secretariat -- not just because she's a good secretary but because
	she's a wonderful mount?


Lisp Users:
Due to the holiday next Monday, there will be no garbage collection.


Theory of Selective Supervision:
	The one time in the day that you lean back and relax is
	the one time the boss walks through the office.


Doin' it in the dark, down in Rock Creek Park.


You'd better beat it.  You can leave in a taxi.  If you can't get a
taxi, you can leave in a huff.  If that's too soon, you can leave in a
minute and a huff.
		-- Groucho Marx


1.  If it doesn't smell like chili, it probably isn't.
2.  If you catch an exploding manhole cover, you can keep it.
3.  Cabs driving on the sidewalk are not permitted to pick up passengers.
4.  It's bad manners to lie down inside someone else's chalk body outline.
5.  Don't lick food from a stranger's beard.
6.  Avoid paperwork for your next of kin by keeping dental records on you.
7.  Jon Gotti Always has the right of way.
8.  Yelling at cab drivers in English wastes your time and theirs.
9.  Remember:  Regular hot dogs do not have fingernails.
10. The city does not employ so called "Wallet Inspectors".
		-- David Letterman, "Top Ten New York City Pedestrian Tips"


The best ways are the most straightforward ways.  When you're sitting around
scamming these things out, all kinds of James Bondian ideas come forth, but
when it gets down to the reality of it, the simplest and most straightforward
way is usually the best, and the way that attracts the least attention.
Also, pouring gasoline on the water and lighting it like James Bond doesn't
work either.... They tried it during Prohibition.
		-- Thomas King Forcade, marijuana smuggler


Misfortunes arrive on wings and leave on foot.


Robot, n.:
	Someone who's been made by a scientist.


QOTD:
	"I'm on a seafood diet -- I see food and I eat it."


I'd probably settle for a vampire if he were romantic enough.
Couldn't be any worse than some of the relationships I've had.
		-- Brenda Starr


Have you seen how Sonny's burning,
Like some bright erotic star,
He lights up the proceedings,
And raises the temperature.
		-- The Birthday Party, "Sonny's Burning"


Air Force Inertia Axiom:
	Consistency is always easier to defend than correctness.


Software production is assumed to be a line function, but it is run
like a staff function."
		-- Paul Licker


As the poet said, "Only God can make a tree" -- probably
because it's so hard to figure out how to get the bark on.
		-- Woody Allen


Q:	What is purple and commutes?
A:	A boolean grape.


Like winter snow on summer lawn, time past is time gone.


Why am I so soft in the middle when the rest of my life is so hard?
		-- Paul Simon


667 -- The neighbor of the beast.


All that is gold does not glitter,
Not all those who wander are lost;
The old that is strong does not wither,
Deep roots are not reached by the frost.
From the ashes a fire shall be woken,
A light from the shadows shall spring;
Renewed shall be blade that was broken,
The crownless again shall be king.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


A public debt is a kind of anchor in the storm; but if the anchor be
too heavy for the vessel, she will be sunk by that very weight which
was intended for her preservation.
		-- Colton


Mum's the word.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


Like all young men, you greatly exaggerate
the difference between one young woman and another.
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "Major Barbara"


For every credibility gap, there is a gullibility fill.
		-- R. Clopton


Art is a lie which makes us realize the truth.
		-- Picasso


Because we don't think about future generations,
they will never forget us.
		-- Henrik Tikkanen


Air Force Inertia Axiom:
	Consistency is always easier to defend than correctness.


The secret of happiness is total disregard of everybody.


We've tried each spinning space mote
And reckoned its true worth:
Take us back again to the homes of men
On the cool, green hills of Earth.

The arching sky is calling
Spacemen back to their trade.
All hands!  Standby!  Free falling!
And the lights below us fade.
Out ride the sons of Terra,
Far drives the thundering jet,
Up leaps the race of Earthmen,
Out, far, and onward yet--

We pray for one last landing
On the globe that gave us birth;
Let us rest our eyes on the fleecy skies
And the cool, green hills of Earth.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein, 1941


Stress has been pinpointed as a major cause of illness.  To avoid overload
and burnout, keep stress out of your life.  Give it to others instead.  Learn
the "Gaslight" treatment, the "Are you talking to me?" technique, and the
"Do you feel okay?  You look pale." approach.  Start with negotiation and
implication.  Advance to manipulation and humiliation.  Above all, relax
and have a nice day.


Beware of a dark-haired man with a loud tie.


If it were not for the presents, an elopement would be preferable.
		-- George Ade, "Forty Modern Fables"


The best diplomat I know is a fully activated phaser bank.
		-- Scotty


Don't believe everything you hear or anything you say.


	Sentenced to two years hard labor (for sodomy), Oscar Wilde
stood handcuffed in driving rain waiting for transport to prison.  "If
this is the way Queen Victoria treats her prisoners," he remarked, "she
doesn't deserve to have any."


	Will Rogers, having paid too much income tax one year, tried in
vain to claim a rebate.  His numerous letters and queries remained
unanswered.  Eventually the form for the next year's return arrived.  In
the section marked "DEDUCTIONS," Rogers listed: "Bad debt, US Government
-- $40,000."


Please ignore previous fortune.


To understand a program you must become both the machine and the program.


A figure with curves always offers a lot of interesting angles.


And as we stand on the edge of darkness
Let our chant fill the void
That others may know

	In the land of the night
	The ship of the sun
	Is drawn by
	The grateful dead.
		-- Tibetan "Book of the Dead," ca. 4000 BC.


Painters do it with even strokes.


In the force if Yoda's so strong, construct a sentence with words in
the proper order then why can't he?


It occurred to me lately that nothing has occurred to me lately.


You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.


Houdini escaping from New Jersey!


	"Fantasies are free."
	"NO!! NO!! It's the thought police!!!!"


	"How would I know if I believe in love at first sight?" the sexy
social climber said to her roommate.  "I mean, I've never seen a Porsche
full of money before."


One possible reason that things aren't going according to plan
is that there never was a plan in the first place.


I got tired of listening to the recording on the phone at the movie
theater.  So I bought the album.  I got kicked out of a theater the
other day for bringing my own food in.  I argued that the concession
stand prices were outrageous.  Besides, I hadn't had a barbecue in a
long time.  I went to the theater and the sign said adults $5 children
$2.50.  I told them I wanted 2 boys and a girl.  I once took a cab to
a drive-in movie.  The movie cost me $95.
		-- Steven Wright


Pascal Users:
	The Pascal system will be replaced next Tuesday by Cobol.
	Please modify your programs accordingly.


Extreme fear can neither fight nor fly.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Rape of Lucrece"


Men's magazines often feature pictures of naked ladies.  Women's magazines
also often feature pictures of naked ladies.  This is because the female
body is a beautiful work of art, while the male body is hairy and lumpy and
should not be seen by the light of day.
		-- Richard Roeper, "Men and Women Are Different"


It is better to wear out than to rust out.


Q:	How can a real man tell when his girl friend's having an orgasm.
A:	Real men don't care.


-- Male cadavers are incapable of yielding testimony.
-- Individuals who make their abode in vitreous edifices would be well advised
	to refrain from catapulting projectiles.
-- Neophyte's serendipity.
-- Exclusive dedication to necessitous chores without interludes of hedonistic
	diversion renders John a hebetudinous fellow.
-- A revolving concretion of earthy or mineral matter accumulates no congeries
	of small, green bryophytic plant.
-- Abstention from any aleatory undertaking precludes a potential escalation
	of a lucrative nature.
-- Missiles of ligneous or osteal consistency have the potential of fracturing
	osseous structure, but appellations will eternally remain innocuous.


A sect or party is an elegant incognito devised to save a man from
the vexation of thinking.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Journals" (1831)


Your lucky number is 3552664958674928.
Watch for it everywhere.


Just as I cannot remember any time when I could not read and write, I
cannot remember any time when I did not exercise my imagination in
daydreams about women.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


