Five bicycles make a Volkswagen, seven make a truck.
		-- Adolfo Guzman


Any excuse will serve a tyrant.
		-- Aesop


I don't know anything about music.  In my line you don't have to.
		-- Elvis Presley


Sometimes I feel like I'm fading away,
Looking at me, I got nothin' to say.
Don't make me angry with the things games that you play,
Either light up or leave me alone.


Hawkeye's Conclusion:
	It's not easy to play the clown
	when you've got to run the whole circus.


Americans' greatest fear is that America will turn out
to have been a phenomenon, not a civilization.
		-- Shirley Hazzard, "Transit of Venus"


Time sharing: The use of many people by the computer.


Distance doesn't make you any smaller,
but it does make you part of a larger picture.


Wok, n.:
	Something to thwow at a wabbit.


	"The pyramid is opening!"
	"Which one?"
	"The one with the ever-widening hole in it!"
		-- The Firesign Theatre,
		   "How Can You Be In Two Places At
		   Once When You're Not Anywhere At All"


Fine day to work off excess energy.  Steal something heavy.


My wife has breast cancer.  She told me to start dating.
		-- Howard Stern


Women are just like men, only different.


Q:	How do you shoot a blue elephant?
A:	With a blue-elephant gun.

Q:	How do you shoot a pink elephant?
A:	Twist its trunk until it turns blue, then shoot it with
	a blue-elephant gun.


A real patriot is the fellow who gets a parking
ticket and rejoices that the system works.


			Has your family tried 'em?

			   POWDERMILK BISCUITS

		 Heavens, they're tasty and expeditious!

	    They're made from whole wheat, to give shy persons
	   the strength to get up and do what needs to be done.

			   POWDERMILK BISCUITS

	Buy them ready-made in the big blue box with the picture of
	the biscuit on the front, or in the brown bag with the dark
		     stains that indicate freshness.


God isn't dead, He's just trying to avoid the draft.


I steal.
		-- Sam Giancana, explaining his livelihood to his draft board

Easy.  I own Chicago.  I own Miami.  I own Las Vegas.
		-- Sam Giancana, when asked what he did for a living


The moon is made of green cheese.
		-- John Heywood


Speed upon county roads will be limited to ten miles an hour unless the
motorist sees a bailiff who does not appear to have had a drink in 30 days,
when the driver will be permitted to make what he can.
		-- Proposed legislation, Illinois State Legislature, May, 1907


The story you are about to hear is true.
Only the names have been changed to protect the innocent.


Have you heard of those trollops of Birmingham
And the scandal that's currently concerning'em?
	How they lift the frock
	And tickle the cock
Of the bishop while he was confirming 'em?


Some men are born mediocre, some men achieve mediocrity,
and some men have mediocrity thrust upon them.
		-- Joseph Heller, "Catch-22"


No amount of genius can overcome a preoccupation with detail.


Everything's great in this good old world;
(This is the stuff they can always use.)
God's in his heaven, the hill's dew-pearled;
(This will provide for baby's shoes.)
Hunger and War do not mean a thing;
Everything's rosy where'er we roam;
Hark, how the little birds gaily sing!
(This is what fetches the bacon home.)
		-- Dorothy Parker, "The Far Sighted Muse"


If we don't survive, we don't do anything else.
		-- John Sinclair


A programmer is a person who passes as an exacting expert on the basis of
being able to turn out, after innumerable punching, an infinite series of
incomprehensible answers calculated with micrometric precisions from vague
assumptions based on debatable figures taken from inconclusive documents
and carried out on instruments of problematical accuracy by persons of
dubious reliability and questionable mentality for the avowed purpose of
annoying and confounding a hopelessly defenseless department that was
unfortunate enough to ask for the information in the first place.
		-- IEEE Grid newsmagazine


The notorious Duchess of Peels
Saw a fisherman fishing for eels.
	Said she, "Would you mind? --
	Shove one up my behind.
I am anxious to know how it feels."


Two rights don't make a wrong, they make an airplane.


Class: when they're running you out of town, to look like you're
leading the parade.
		-- Bill Battie


I'm not denyin' the women are foolish: God Almighty made 'em to
match the men.
		-- George Eliot


Machines that have broken down will work perfectly when the
repairman arrives.


That must be wonderful: I don't understand it at all.
		-- Moliere


My God, I'm depressed!  Here I am, a computer with a mind a thousand times
as powerful as yours, doing nothing but cranking out fortunes and sending
mail about softball games.  And I've got this pain right through my ALU.
I've asked for it to be replaced, but nobody ever listens.  I think it
would be better for us both if you were to just log out again.


What do you give a man who has everything?  Penicillin.
		-- Jerry Lester


Radicalism:
	The conservatism of tomorrow injected into the affairs of today.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


Brunette bush, n.:
	The dark side of the moon.


Death rays don't kill people, people kill people!


Ah, sweet Springtime, when a young man lightly turns his fancy over!


There is no sincerer love than the love of food.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Avec!


What's this stuff about people being "released on their
own recognizance"?  Aren't we all out on own recognizance?


A friendly message from your Internal Revenue Service: tax time is
coming again soon.  Bend over.


God wants us to know that if we see a bumper sticker saying "Honk if you love
Jesus" it is a bad idea to honk to express an opinion about Jesus because it
will annoy the turkey who put the bumper sticker on as well as everyone else
in the vicinity.  However, it is just fine to honk to annoy the turkey simply
for being a turkey, for God told Man to be fruitful and multiply, and to rule
over the beasts of the field and the birds of the air, and that includes the
turkeys who buy such bumper stickers.  Of course, God understands that innocent
bystanders will also be annoyed, but He has wisely created traffic cops to
impose some constraint on how much we may annoy the turkeys within city limits,
for God's wisdom comprehends full well that thou shalt not make an omelette
without breaking eggs.  God only wishes they were turkey eggs, so such moral
dilemmas shall be fewer in number in the future, when the generations a-coming
(hallelujah) won't have so many turkeys to deal with.  But God knows full well
that such things take time, and the turkeys are showing more resilience than
expected, and may be with us for a long time yet.


Some programming languages manage to absorb change, but withstand
progress.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


Live in a world of your own, but always welcome visitors.


If you're worried by earthquakes and nuclear war,
As well as by traffic and crime,
Consider how worry-free gophers are,
Though living on burrowed time.
		-- Richard Armour, WSJ, 11/7/83


Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes.
		-- Dr. Warren Jackson, Director, UTCS


If they think you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical,
go crude.  I'm a very technical boy.  So I get as crude as possible.  These
days, though, you have to be pretty technical before you can even aspire
to crudeness...
		-- Johnny Mnemonic


SPINSTER:
	A bachelor's wife.


In charity there is no excess.
		-- Francis Bacon


If God had wanted you to go around nude,
He would have given you bigger hands.


Different all twisty a of in maze are you, passages little.


I thought Jackie O. was something you did in the bathroom.
		-- Strange de Jim


Hear about...
	the young Chinese woman who just won the lottery?
	One fortunate cookie...


Little Fly,
Thy summer's play		If thought is life
My thoughtless hand		And strength & breath,
Has brush'd away.		And the want
				Of thought is death,
Am not I
A fly like thee?		Then am I
Or art not thou			A happy fly
A man like me?			If I live
				Or if I die.

For I dance
And drink & sing,
Till some blind hand
Shall brush my wing.
		-- William Blake, "The Fly"


Do you feel personally responsible for the world food shortage?
Every time you go to the beach, does the tide come in?
Have you ever eaten an entire moose?
Can you see your neck?
Do joggers take laps around you for exercise?
If so, welcome to National Fat Week.
This week we'll eat without guilt, and kick off our membership campaign,
	...by force-feeding a box of cornstarch to a skinny person.
		-- Garfield


ASCII:
	The control code for all beginning programmers and those who would
	become computer literate.  Etymologically, the term has come down as
	a contraction of the often-repeated phrase "ascii and you shall
	receive."
		-- Robb Russon


Xerox never comes up with anything original.


Damn braces.
		-- William Blake, "Proverbs of Hell"


I always say beauty is only sin deep.
		-- H. H. Munro, a.k.a. Saki, "Reginald's Choir Treat"


I wooed a stewed nude in Bermuda,
I was lewd, but my God! she was lewder.
	She said it was crude
	To be wooed in the nude--
I persued her, subdued her, and screwed her!


Gumperson's Law:
	The probability of a given event
	occurring is inversely proportional to its desirability.


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #108

In Memphis, Tennessee, it is illegal for a woman to drive a car unless
there is a man either running or walking in front of it waving a red
flag to warn approaching motorists and pedestrians.


The State of California has no business subsidizing intellectual
curiosity.
		-- Ronald Reagan


I must get out of these wet clothes and into a dry Martini.
		-- Alexander Woollcott


Behind every argument is someone's ignorance.


Everyone who comes in here wants three things:
	1. They want it quick.
	2. They want it good.
	3. They want it cheap.
I tell 'em to pick two and call me back.
		-- sign on the back wall of a small printing company


You are a tower of strength in the office, but only so-so in bed.


If the aborigine drafted an IQ test, all of Western civilization would
presumably flunk it.
		-- Stanley Garn


Being in the army is like being in the Boy Scouts, except that the
Boy Scouts have adult supervision.
		-- Blake Clark


If we won't stand together, we don't stand a chance.


A career is great, but you can't run your fingers through its hair.


Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


There is no choice before us.  Either we must Succeed in providing
the rational coordination of impulses and guts, or for centuries
civilization will sink into a mere welter of minor excitements.
We must provide a Great Age or see the collapse of the upward
striving of the human race.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead


Conjecture: All odd numbers are prime.

	Mathematician's Proof:
		3 is prime.  5 is prime.  7 is prime.  By induction, all
		odd numbers are prime.
	Physicist's Proof:
		3 is prime.  5 is prime.  7 is prime.  9 is experimental
		error.  11 is prime.  13 is prime ...
	Engineer's Proof:
		3 is prime.  5 is prime.  7 is prime.  9 is prime.
		11 is prime.  13 is prime ...
	Computer Scientist's Proof:
		3 is prime.  3 is prime.  3 is prime.  3 is prime...


Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend: and inside a dog,
it's too dark to read.
		-- Groucho Marx


The longer the title, the less important the job.


If you are afraid of loneliness, don't marry.
		-- Anton Chekov


The number of UNIX installations has grown to 10, with more expected.
		-- The Unix Programmer's Manual, 2nd Edition, June 1972


Slaves are generally expected to sing as well as to work ... I did not, when
a slave, understand the deep meanings of those rude, and apparently incoherent
songs.  I was myself within the circle, so that I neither saw nor heard as
those without might see and hear.  They told a tale which was then altogether
beyond my feeble comprehension: they were tones, loud, long and deep,
breathing the prayer and complaint of souls boiling over with the bitterest
anguish.  Every tone was a testimony against slavery, and a prayer to God
for deliverance from chains.
		-- Frederick Douglass


By all means marry: If you get a good wife, you'll become happy; if you
get a bad one, you'll become a philosopher.
		-- Socrates


This is a test of the Emergency Broadcast System.  If this had been an
actual emergency, do you really think we'd stick around to tell you?


			-- Gifts for Children --

This is easy.  You never have to figure out what to get for children,
because they will tell you exactly what they want.  They spend months
and months researching these kinds of things by watching Saturday-
morning cartoon-show advertisements.  Make sure you get your children
exactly what they ask for, even if you disapprove of their choices.  If
your child thinks he wants Murderous Bob, the Doll with the Face You
Can Rip Right Off, you'd better get it.  You may be worried that it
might help to encourage your child's antisocial tendencies, but believe
me, you have not seen antisocial tendencies until you've seen a child
who is convinced that he or she did not get the right gift.
		-- Dave Barry, "Christmas Shopping: A Survivor's Guide"


A mathematician, a doctor, and an engineer are walking on the beach and
observe a team of lifeguards pumping the stomach of a drowned woman.  As
they watch, water, sand, snails and such come out of the pump.
	The doctor watches for a while and says: "Keep pumping, men, you may
yet save her!!"
	The mathematician does some calculations and says: "According to my
understanding of the size of that pump, you have already pumped more water
from her body than could be contained in a cylinder 4 feet in diameter and
6 feet high."
	The engineer says: "I think she's sitting in a puddle."


Yeah, but you're taking the universe out of context.


Halley's Comet: It came, we saw, we drank.


Johnny Carson's Definition:
	The smallest interval of time known to man is that which occurs
	in Manhattan between the traffic signal turning green and the
	taxi driver behind you blowing his horn.


Executive ability is deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do
the work.
		-- John G. Pollard


Little Red Riding Hood was walking through the woods on her way to visit
her grandmother when a wolf jumped out from behind a tree.
	"Aha!" the wolf said, "Now I've got you, and I'm going to eat you."
	"Eat, eat, eat," said Little Red Riding Hood angrily,
"Damn it, doesn't anybody fuck anymore?"


[FORTRAN] will persist for some time --
probably for at least the next decade.
		-- T. Cheatham


Success is something I will dress for when I get there, and not until.


I had the rare misfortune of being one of the first people to try and
implement a PL/1 compiler.
		-- T. Cheatham


Advertising is the most fun of anything you can do with your clothes on.
		-- Mary Wells, advertising executive


A man and a woman got married.  Although it is the first time for the
husband, it is the woman's second marriage.  As they go to bed on their
wedding night, the wife says to her husband:

	"Dear, there's something I must tell you.  I'm a virgin."
Naturally, the husband is surprised.
	"You've been married before!", he says, "How can you still be a
virgin?"
	"Well, it's all quite simple," she retorted, "my husband was a
computer programmer."
	"What's so odd about that?", he asked.  "Why would you still be
a virgin after a marriage to a programmer?"
	"Well", she said, "all he did was sit on the edge of the bed and
tell me how great it was going to be."


The state law of Pennsylvania prohibits singing in the bathtub.


Irrationality is the square root of all evil.
		-- Douglas Hofstadter


If a putt passes over the hole without dropping, it is deemed to have dropped.
The law of gravity holds that any object attempting to maintain a position
in the atmosphere without something to support it must drop.  The law of
gravity supersedes the law of golf.
		-- Donald A. Metz


We all know that no one understands anything that isn't funny.


I'm going to give my psychoanalyst one more year, then I'm going to Lourdes.
		-- Woody Allen


Everything you read in newspapers is absolutely true, except for that
rare story of which you happen to have first-hand knowledge.
		-- Erwin Knoll


ARITHMETIC:
	An obscure art no longer practiced in
	the world's developed countries.


There were in this country two very large monopolies.  The larger of
the two had the following record: the Vietnam War, Watergate, double-
digit inflation, fuel and energy shortages, bankrupt airlines, and the
8-cent postcard.  The second was responsible for such things as the
transistor, the solar cell, lasers, synthetic crystals, high fidelity
stereo recording, sound motion pictures, radio astronomy, negative
feedback, magnetic tape, magnetic "bubbles", electronic switching
systems, microwave radio and TV relay systems, information theory, the
first electrical digital computer, and the first communications
satellite.  Guess which one got to tell the other how to run the
telephone business?


I don't want a pickle,
I just wanna ride on my motorcycle.
And I don't want to die,
I just want to ride on my motorcycle.
		-- Arlo Guthrie


Well, my terminal's locked up, and I ain't got any Mail,
And I can't recall the last time that my program didn't fail;
I've got stacks in my structs, I've got arrays in my queues,
I've got the : Segmentation violation -- Core dumped blues.

If you think that it's nice that you get what you C,
Then go : illogical statement with your whole family,
'Cause the Supreme Court ain't the only place with : Bus error views.
I've got the : Segmentation violation -- Core dumped blues.

On a PDP-11, life should be a breeze,
But with VAXen in the house even magnetic tapes would freeze.
Now you might think that unlike VAXen I'd know who I abuse,
I've got the : Segmentation violation -- Core dumped blues.
		-- Core Dumped Blues


The only alliance I would make with the Women's Liberation Movement is in bed.
		-- Abbey Hoffman


Your life would be very empty if you had nothing to regret.


Q:	What did one regular expression say to the other?
A:	.+


Of course you can't flap your arms and fly to the moon.
After awhile you'd run out of air to push against.


You can get much further with a kind word and a
gun than you can with a kind word alone.
		-- Al Capone
		   [Also attributed to Johnny Carson.  Ed.]


Never leave anything to chance;
make sure all your crimes are premeditated.


Israeli prime minister Shamir invited the Pope to play a round of golf.  Since
the Pope hadn't the faintest of an idea how to play, he convened the college of
cardinals to ask their advice.  "Call Arnold Palmer," they suggested, "make him
a cardinal and let him play in your place.  Tell Shamir you couldn't make it."
	Honored by His Holiness' request, Palmer agreed to represent him.
When he returned from the match, the Pope asked him how he had done.  "I came
in second," Palmer replied.
	"You mean to tell me Shamir beat you?"
	"No, Your Holiness.  Rabbi Nicklaus did."


Take it easy, we're in a hurry.


If I knew what brand [of whiskey] he drinks,
I would send a barrel or so to my other generals.
		-- Abraham Lincoln, on General Grant


The Supreme Court does it with all deliberate speed.


Was there a time when dancers with their fiddles
In children's circuses could stay their troubles?
There was a time they could cry over books,
But time has set its maggot on their track.
Under the arc of the sky they are unsafe.
What's never known is safest in this life.
Under the skysigns they who have no arms
Have cleanest hands, and, as the heartless ghost
Alone's unhurt, so the blind man sees best.
		-- Dylan Thomas, "Was There A Time"


Not everything worth doing is worth doing well.


Uppers are no longer stylish, methedrine is almost as rare as pure acid
or DMT.  "Consciousness Expansion" went out with LBJ and it is worth
noting, historically, that downers came in with Nixon.
		-- Dr. Hunter S. Thompson


Official Project Stages:
	1. Uncritical Acceptance
	2. Wild Enthusiasm
	3. Dejected Disillusionment
	4. Total Confusion
	5. Search for the Guilty
	6. Punishment of the Innocent
	7. Promotion of the Non-participants


BE ALERT!!!! (The world needs more lerts...)


You should, without hesitation, pound your typewriter into a
plowshare, your paper into fertilizer, and enter agriculture.
		-- Business Professor, University of Georgia


You k'n hide de fier, but w'at you gwine do wid de smoke?
		-- Joel Chandler Harris, proverbs of Uncle Remus


Jesus may love you, but I think you're garbage wrapped in skin.
		-- Michael O'Donohugh


Except for 75% of the women, everyone in the whole world wants to have sex.
		-- Ellyn Mustard


I am a PC technician - however, this has unfortunately caused my
computer to be running Win98.
		-- seen on a FreeBSD mailing-list


What do you have when you have six lawyers buried up to their necks in sand?
Not enough sand.


I will always love the false image I had of you.


A stitch in time saves nine.


Under capitalism, man exploits man.  Under Communism, it's just the
opposite.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


Humorists always sit at the children's table.
		-- Woody Allen


Introducing, the 1010, a one-bit processor.

INSTRUCTION SET
	Code	Mnemonic	What
	0	NOP		No Operation
	1	JMP		Jump (address specified by next 2 bits)

Now Available for only 12 1/2 cents!


What goes up must come down.  But don't expect it to come down
where you can find it.  Murphy's Law applied to Newton's.


Hickery Dickery Dock,
The mice ran up the clock,
The clock struck one,
The others escaped with minor injuries.


LIFE:
	A whim of several billion cells to be you for a while.


Many a writer seems to think he is never profound
except when he can't understand his own meaning.
		-- George D. Prentice


Women's Libbers are OK, I just wouldn't want my sister to marry one.


Still looking for the glorious results of my misspent youth.
Say, do you have a map to the next joint?


Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States.  Ask
any Indian.
		-- Robert Orben

Immigration is the sincerest form of flattery.
		-- Jack Paar


People usually get what's coming to them -- unless it's been mailed.


Oh don't the days seem lank and long
When all goes right and none goes wrong,
And isn't your life extremely flat
With nothing whatever to grumble at!


Just go with the flow control, roll with the crunches, and, when you get
a prompt, type like hell.


When Dexter's on the Internet, can Hell be far behind?


Ditat Deus.  (God enriches.)


Nothing recedes like success.
		-- Walter Winchell


The most difficult thing in the world is to know how to do a thing and
to watch someone else do it wrong without comment.
		-- Theodore H. White


Ooooooh, nooooooo, not tonite!!


I had another dream the other day about music critics.  They were small
and rodent-like with padlocked ears, as if they had stepped out of a
painting by Goya.
		-- Stravinsky


I used to think that the brain was the most wonderful organ in
my body.  Then I realized who was telling me this.
		-- Emo Phillips


This is lemma 1.1.  We start a new chapter so the numbers all go back
to one.
		-- Prof. Seager, C&O 351


Even God lends a hand to honest boldness.
		-- Menander


Never ask the barber if you need a haircut.


Indifference will certainly be the downfall of mankind, but who cares?


War is menstruation envy.


Did you hear about the model who sat
on a broken bottle and cut a nice figure?


Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set:

DC	Divide and Conquer
DMPK	Destroy Memory Protect Key
DO	Divide and Overflow
EMPC	Emulate Pocket Calculator
EPI	Execute Programmer Immediately
EROS	Erase Read Only Storage
EXCE	Execute Customer Engineer
HCF	Halt and Catch Fire
IBP	Insert Bug and Proceed
INSQSW	Insert into queue somewhere (for FINO queues [First in never out])
PBC	Print and Break Chain
PDSK	Punch Disk


Before Xerox, five carbons were the maximum extension of anybody's ego.


Digital circuits are made from analog parts.
		-- Don Vonada


Symptom:		Everything has gone dark.
Fault:			The Bar is closing.
Action Required:	Panic.

Symptom:		You awaken to find your bed hard, cold and wet.
			You cannot see the bathroom light.
Fault:			You have spent the night in the gutter.
Action Required:	Check your watch to see if bars are open yet.  If not,
			treat yourself to a lie-in.

		-- Bar Troubleshooting


This is National Smokers-Are-Shits Week.


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #10 -- SIMPLE

	SIMPLE is an acronym for Sheer Idiot's Monopurpose Programming
Language Environment.  This language, developed at the Hanover College
for Technological Misfits, was designed to make it impossible to write
code with errors in it.  The statements are, therefore, confined to BEGIN,
END and STOP.  No matter how you arrange the statements, you can't make a
syntax error.  Programs written in SIMPLE do nothing useful, thus achieving
the results of programs written in other languages without the tedious,
frustrating process of testing and debugging.


A man who carries a cat by its tail learns something he can learn
in no other way.


The only real argument for marriage is that it remains the best method
for getting acquainted.
		-- Heywood Broun


When you speak to others for their own good it's advice;
when they speak to you for your own good it's interference.


Q:	What is purple and concord the world?
A:	Alexander the Grape.


Udall's Fourth Law:
	Any change or reform you make
	is going to have consequences you don't like.


You guys have been practicing discrimination for years.
Now it's our turn.
		-- Thurgood Marshall, quoted by Justice Douglas


The `loner' may be respected, but he is always resented by his colleagues,
for he seems to be passing a critical judgment on them, when he may be
simply making a limiting statement about himself.
		-- Sidney Harris


Perilous to all of us are the devices of
an art deeper than we ourselves possess.
		-- Gandalf the Grey


... Once you're safely in the mall, you should tie your children to you
with ropes so the other shoppers won't try to buy them.  Holiday
shoppers have been whipped into a frenzy by months of holiday
advertisements, and they will buy anything small enough to stuff into a
shopping bag.  If your children object to being tied, threaten to take
them to see Santa Claus; that ought to shut them up.
		-- Dave Barry, "Christmas Shopping: A Survivor's Guide"


I have ways of making money that you know nothing of.
		-- John D. Rockefeller


	Two gay guys, Larry and Phil, were driving down the highway when they
were rear-ended by a huge semi.  Somewhat shaken, they maneuvered over to the
side of the road, where Phil instructed Larry to get out and confront the truck
driver.  "Tell him we're going to sue, sue, sue!" he shrieked.
	Obligingly, Larry got out and went around to the cab of the truck to
deliver this message to the huge, burly driver, whose response was to snarl,
"Ah, why doncha suck my cock."
	"Phil," said Larry, coming back to their car, "I think we're going
to be able to settle out of court."


Faster, faster, you fool, you fool!
		-- Bill Cosby


I once had the wife of a Dean
Seven times while the Dean was out skiin'.
	She remarked with some gaiety,
	"Not bad for the laiety,
Though the Bishop once managed thirteen."


Fortunately, the responsibility for providing evidence is on the part of
the person making the claim, not the critic.  It is not the responsibility
of UFO skeptics to prove that a UFO has never existed, nor is it the
responsibility of paranormal-health-claims skeptics to prove that crystals
or colored lights never healed anyone.  The skeptic's role is to point out
claims that are not adequately supported by acceptable evidence and to
provide plausible alternative explanations that are more in keeping with
the accepted body of scientific evidence.
		-- Thomas L. Creed, The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. XII,
		   No. 2, pg. 215


panic: kernel segmentation violation. core dumped		(only kidding)


