I love treason but hate a traitor.
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar


God is Dead.
		-- Nietzsche
Nietzsche is Dead.
		-- God
Nietzsche is God.
		-- The Dead


Goals... Plans... they're fantasies, they're part of a dream world...
		-- Wally Shawn


Peace be to this house, and all that dwell in it.


Shannon's Observation
	Nothing is so frustrating as a bad situation
	that is beginning to improve.


Power and ignorance is a detestable cocktail.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow we diet.


Senor Castro has been accused of communist sympathies, but this means very
little since all opponents of the regime are automatically called communists.
In fact he is further to the right than General Batista.
		-- "Cuba's Rightist Rebel", The Economist, April 26, 1958


Fortune's Office Door Sign of the Week:

	Incorrigible punster -- Do not incorrige.


Fortune presents:
	USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #1.

^Cu vi parolas angle?			Do you speak English?
Mi ne komprenas.			I don't understand.
Vi estas la sola esperantisto kiun mi	You're the only Esperanto speaker
	renkontas.				I've met.
La ^ceko estas enpo^stigita.		The check is in the mail.
Oni ne povas, ^gin netrovi.		You can't miss it.
Mi nur rigardadas.			I'm just looking around.
Nu, ^sajnis bona ideo.			Well, it seemed like a good idea.


We've got things well in hand.
		-- Master Byte Software, Los Gatos California


Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear -- not absence of fear.
		-- Mark Twain


		OUTCONERR
Twas FORTRAN as the doloop goes
	Did logzerneg the ifthen block
All kludgy were the function flows
	And subroutines adhoc.

Beware the runtime-bug my friend
	squrooneg, the false goto
Beware the infiniteloop
	And shun the inprectoo.


A soft drink turneth away company.


You have not converted a man because you have silenced him.
		-- John Viscount Morley


With women, I've got a long bamboo pole with a leather loop on the end of
it.  I slip the loop around their necks so they can't get away or come too
close.  Like catching snakes.
		-- Marlon Brando


Santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate Clauses.


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

The garbage collector now works.  In addition a new, experimental garbage
collection algorithm has been installed.  With SI:%DSK-GC-QLX-BITS set to 17,
(NOT the default) the old garbage collection algorithm remains in force; when
virtual storage is filled, the machine cold boots itself.  With SI:%DSK-GC-
QLX-BITS set to 23, the new garbage collector is enabled.  Unlike most garbage
collectors, the new gc starts its mark phase from the mind of the user, rather
than from the obarray.  This allows the garbage collection of significantly
more Qs.  As the garbage collector runs, it may ask you something like "Do you
remember what SI:RDTBL-TRANS does?", and if you can't give a reasonable answer
in thirty seconds, the symbol becomes a candidate for GCing.  The variable
SI:%GC-QLX-LUSER-TM governs how long the GC waits before timing out the user.


APPOINTMENT BOOK:
	The reference of last resort when trying to duck undesired
	invitations ("Gee, the soonest I can pencil you in is
	December, 2039"), or when trying to figure out what the hell
	it was you did during the past year.


Kids have *_n_e_v_e_r* taken guidance from their parents.  If you could
travel back in time and observe the original primate family in the
original tree, you would see the primate parents yelling at the primate
teenager for sitting around and sulking all day instead of hunting for
grubs and berries like dad primate.  Then you'd see the primate
teenager stomp up to his branch and slam the leaves.
		-- Dave Barry, "Kids Today: They Don't Know Dum Diddly Do"


Some women achieve greatness, some have greatness thrust into them.


Please, won't somebody tell me what diddie-wa-diddie means?


I've had one child.  My husband wants to have another.  I'd like to
watch him have another.
		-- Rita Rudner


Freedom is slavery.
Ignorance is strength.
War is peace.
		-- George Orwell


Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not
become a monster.  And when you look into an abyss, the abyss also looks
into you.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


I'd love to go out with you, but the man on television told me to stay
tuned.


	Desperate about the state of her social life, a young woman resorted
to the Personal Ads in the back of her local paper.  In the ad she made it
quite clear that what she was advertising for was an expert lover; she already
had plenty of sensitive friends and meaningful relationships and what she
now wanted was to get laid, to put it bluntly.  Phone calls started coming
in, with each caller testifying to his sexual prowess, but none quite struck
the young woman's fancy.  Until one night her doorbell rang.  Opening the door
she found a man with no arms or legs, who informed her that he was there in
response to her advertisement.  "I'm terribly sorry," she stammered, "but my
ad was quite explicit.  I'm really looking for something of a sexual expert,
and you... uh... don't have all the..."
	"Listen," the man interrupted her, "I rang the doorbell, didn't I?"


You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.


The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax.
		-- Albert Einstein


God created woman.
And boredom did indeed cease from that moment --
but many other things ceased as well.
Woman was God's second mistake.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did.
I said I didn't know.
		-- Mark Twain


Put your trust in those who are worthy.


Expense accounts, n.:
	Corporate food stamps.


When you're a Yup
You're a Yup all the way
From your first slice of Brie
To your last Cabernet.

When you're a Yup
You're not just a dreamer
You're making things happen
You're driving a Beamer.


Pedro Guerrero was playing third base for the Los Angeles Dodgers in 1984
when he made the comment that earns him a place in my Hall of Fame.  Second
baseman Steve Sax was having trouble making his throws.  Other players were
diving, screaming, signaling for a fair catch.  At the same time, Guerrero,
at third, was making a few plays that weren't exactly soothing to manager
Tom Lasorda's stomach.  Lasorda decided it was time for one of his famous
motivational meetings and zeroed in on Guerrero: "How can you play third
base like that?  You've gotta be thinking about something besides baseball.
What is it?"
	"I'm only thinking about two things," Guerrero said.  "First, `I
hope they don't hit the ball to me.'"  The players snickered, and even
Lasorda had to fight off a laugh.  "Second, `I hope they don't hit the ball
to Sax.'"
		-- Joe Garagiola, "It's Anybody's Ball Game"


Somebody ought to cross ball point pens with coat hangers
so that the pens will multiply instead of disappear.


	Churchill was given to reading in the bathtub and, while staying at
the White House, he once became so engrossed in an account of the Battle of
Fonteney that he forgot President Roosevelt was due to drop by to discuss the
upcoming conference in Yalta.  At the appointed hour, the President was
wheeled into Churchill's quarters only to be informed that the Prime Minister
had not finished bathing.  Roosevelt was about to apologize for the intrusion
and depart when Churchill, puffing his customary cigar, strode into the room
stark naked and greeted the nonplussed world leader with a terse, "What are
you staring at, homo?"
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


Playing poker with busty Ms. Ware,
He announced as he folded with flair,
	"I had four of a kind,
	But those aces combined,
Don't stack up, I'm afraid, with your pair."


		Hard Copies and Chmod

And everyone thinks computers are impersonal
cold diskdrives hardware monitors
user-hostile software

of course they're only bits and bytes
and characters and strings
and files

just some old textfiles from my old boyfriend
telling me he loves me and
he'll take care of me

simply a discarded printout of a friend's directory
deep intimate secrets and
how he doesn't trust me

couldn't hurt me more if they were scented in lavender or mould
on personal stationery
		-- terri@csd4.milw.wisc.edu


Hugh Hefner is a virgin.


10.0 times 0.1 is hardly ever 1.0.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(19) Regardless of the pain in our memories, nostalgia only reminds us
     of the good times in our past.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


I have already given two cousins to the war and I stand ready to
sacrifice my wife's brother.
		-- Artemus Ward


QOTD:
	"I only touch base with reality on an as-needed basis!"


Greatness is a transitory experience. It is never consistent.


The man who has never been flogged has never been taught.
		-- Menander


And the silence came surging softly backwards
When the plunging hooves were gone...
		-- Walter de La Mare, "The Listeners"


Oh, so there you are!


When you dig another out of trouble,
you've got a place to bury your own.


Put your trust in those who are worthy.


And that's the way it is...
		-- Walter Cronkite


****  GROWTH CENTER REPAIR SERVICE

For those who have had too much of Esalen, Topanga, and Kairos.
Tired of being genuine all the time?  Would you like to learn how
to be a little phony again?  Have you disclosed so much that you're
beginning to avoid people?  Have you touched so many people that
they're all beginning to feel the same?  Like to be a little dependent?
Are perfect orgasms beginning to bore you?  Would you like, for once,
not to express a feeling?  Or better yet, not be in touch with it at
all?  Come to us.  We promise to relieve you of the burden of your
great potential.


The three faithful things in life are money, a dog and an old woman.


When I was eight years old I came home with tears in my eyes because some
kids had stolen my sandwich.  My father handed me an ice pick, and said,
"Next time, hit 'em first and hit 'em hard."
		-- Jake LaMotta

You can't go into the ring and be a nice guy.  I would go a month, two
months, without having sex.  It worked for me because it made me a
vicious animal. You can't fight if you have any compassion or anything
like that.
		-- Jake LaMotta


The ark lands after The Flood.  Noah lets all the animals out.  Says he, "Go
and multiply."  Several months pass.  Noah decides to check up on the animals.
All are doing fine except a pair of snakes.  "What's the problem?" says Noah.
"Cut down some trees and let us live there", say the snakes.  Noah follows
their advice.  Several more weeks pass.  Noah checks on the snakes again.
Lots of little snakes, everybody is happy.  Noah asks, "Want to tell me how
the trees helped?"  "Certainly", say the snakes. "We're adders, and we need
logs to multiply."


Q:	How do you make a dead baby float?
A:	With 2 scoops of dead baby and some rootbeer.


Thank God for the Duchess of Gloucester,
She obliges all who accost her.
	She welcomes the prick
	Of Tom, Harry or Dick,
Or Baldwin, or even Lord Astor.


The mate for beauty should be a man and not a money chest.
		-- Bulwer


Crush!  Kill!  Destroy!


Why is it called a funny bone when it hurts so much?


The only happiness lies in reason; all the rest of the world is dismal.
The highest reason, however, I see in the work of the artist, and he may
experience it as such.  Happiness lies in the swiftness of feeling and
thinking: all the rest of the world is slow, gradual and stupid.  Whoever
could feel the course of a light ray would be very happy, for it is very
swift.  Thinking of oneself gives little happiness.  If, however, one feels
much happiness in this, it is because at bottom one is not thinking of
oneself but of one's ideal.  This is far, and only the swift shall reach
it and are delighted.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


This thing all things devours:
Birds, beasts, trees, flowers;
Gnaws iron, bites steel;
Grinds hard stones to meal;
Slays king, ruins town,
And beats high mountain down.


Save gas, don't eat beans.


You should never ride in an airplane with a sports team,
because if the plane goes down, it's you they're gonna eat!
		-- Gordon Downie, singer for Tragically Hip


Gravity brings me down.


Five names that I can hardly stand to hear,
Including yours and mine and one more chimp who isn't here,
I can see the ladies talking how the times is gettin' hard,
And that fearsome excavation on Magnolia boulevard,
Yes, I'm goin' insane,
And I'm laughing at the frozen rain,
Well, I'm so alone, honey when they gonna send me home?
	Bad sneakers and a pina colada my friend,
	Stopping on the avenue by Radio City, with a
	Transistor and a large sum of money to spend...
You fellah, you tearin' up the street,
You wear that white tuxedo, how you gonna beat the heat,
Do you take me for a fool, do you think that I don't see,
That ditch out in the Valley that they're diggin' just for me,
Yes, and goin' insane,
You know I'm laughin' at the frozen rain,
Feel like I'm so alone, honey when they gonna send me home?
(chorus)
		-- Bad Sneakers, "Steely Dan"


	"When I drink, *everybody* drinks!" a man shouted to the
assembled bar patrons.  A loud general cheer went up.  After downing his
whiskey, he hopped onto a barstool and shouted "When I take another
drink, *everybody* takes another drink!"  The announcement produced
another cheer and another round of drinks.
	As soon as he had downed his second drink, the fellow hopped back
onto the stool.  "And when I pay," he bellowed, slapping five dollars onto
the bar, "*everybody* pays!"


This is a test of the emergency cunnilingus system. If this had been an
actual emergency, you would have known it!


Some of the greatest love affairs I've known have involved one actor,
unassisted.
		-- Wilson Mizner


People who have no faults are terrible;
there is no way of taking advantage of them.


America's best buy for a quarter is a telephone call to the right person.


Money is the root of all evil, and man needs roots.


You are witty, charming, handsome and above average in length.


The only people for me are the mad ones -- the ones who are mad to live,
mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time,
the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn
like fabulous yellow Roman candles.
		-- Jack Kerouac, "On the Road"


It's easy to forgive someone for being wrong;
it's much harder to forgive them for being right.


Croll's Query:
	If tin whistles are made of tin, what are foghorns made of?


Cogito cogito ergo cogito sum --
"I think that I think, therefore I think that I am."
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Marriage is like twirling a baton, turning handsprings, or eating with
chopsticks.  It looks easy until you try it.


I have just enough white in me to make my honesty questionable.
		-- Will Rogers


	"We friends, yes?"  The shoe shine boy put on his hustling smile
and looked into the Sailor's dead, cold, undersea eyes, eyes without a
trace of warmth or lust or hate or any feeling the boy had experienced
in himself or seen in another, at once cold and intense, impersonal and
predatory.
	The Sailor leaned forward and put a finger on the boy's inner arm
at the elbow.  He spoke in his dead junky whisper.  "With veins like that,
Kid, I'd have myself a time!"
		-- William Burroughs


GEORGIA:
	Where kinky sex means getting laid.


There are four boxes to be used in defense of liberty: soap, ballot,
jury, and ammo. Please use in that order.
		-- Ed Howdershelt


A lover without indiscretion is no lover at all.
		-- Thomas Hardy


Seems to me that both the Democrats and the Republicans should change their
symbols to a contraceptive device; it stands for inflation, inhibits
production, protects a bunch of pricks and gives everyone a false sense of
security while they're being screwed.


For every bloke who makes his mark,
there's half a dozen waiting to rub it out.
		-- Andy Capp


You will remember, Watson, how the dreadful business of the Abernetty family
was first brought to my notice by the depth which the parsley had sunk into
the butter upon a hot day.
		-- Sherlock Holmes


This sad little lizard told me that he was a brontosaurus on his
mother's side.  I did not laugh; people who boast of ancestry
often have little else to sustain them.  Humoring them costs nothing and
adds happiness in a world in which happiness is always in short supply.
		-- Lazarus Long


Pro is to con as progress is to Congress.


Murray's Rule:
	Any country with "democratic" in the title isn't.


Go to the Scriptures... the joyful promises it contains will be a balsam to
all your troubles.
		-- Andrew Jackson

The foundations of our society and our government rest so much on the
teachings of the Bible that it would be difficult to support them if faith
in these teachings would cease to be practically universal in our country.
		-- Calvin Coolidge

Lastly, our ancestors established their system of government on morality and
religious sentiment.  Moral habits, they believed, cannot safely be trusted
on any other foundation than religious principle, nor any government be
secure which is not supported by moral habits.
		-- Daniel Webster


Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.


PISCES (Feb. 19 - Mar. 20)
	You have a vivid imagination and often think you are being followed
	by the CIA or FBI.  You have minor influence over your associates
	and people resent your flaunting of your power.  You lack confidence
	and you are generally a coward.  Pisces people do terrible things to
	small animals.


In the future, there will be fewer but better Russians.
		-- Joseph Stalin


Parkinson's Fourth Law:
	The number of people in any working group tends to increase
	regardless of the amount of work to be done.


Shah, shah!  Ayatulla you so!


The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI", Part IV


She been married so many times
she got rice marks all over her face.
		-- Tom Waits


This generation doesn't have emotional baggage.
We have emotional moving vans.
		-- Bruce Feirstein


The egg cream is psychologically the opposite of circumcision -- it
*pleasurably* reaffirms your Jewishness.
		-- Mel Brooks


QOTD:
	"I sprinkled some baking powder over a couple of potatoes, but it
	didn't work."


Things Charles Darwin did not say:

Finches, eh? Seen one, seem 'em all.


	Two morticians alternated in sharing the responsibility of covering
the night shift. One early morning about 3:00 am, a body was brought into the
mortuary, and the mortician began work.  When he had unclothed the corpse, he
noticed a cork in the anus. Removing it, the strains of "Hello, Dolly, well,
hello, Dolly...!" were plainly heard being sung.  He put the cork back, and
the singing stopped. Pulling it out again, the same song started, "You're
lookin' swell, Dolly!".  Amazed, he telephoned his partner, and insisted he
come immediately to see something very unusual. Roused from sleep, the partner
asked if it could wait until morning. It took great persistence, but finally
the partner agreed to dress and come down to the shop.  When he got there, he
said, "Now what was it that was so important you had to get me out of bed at
this ungodly hour?"
	The man said, "Come into the embalming room."
	They go into the embalming room, and the first partner says, "Now
watch."
	He pulls out the cork, and the anus takes off singing again. The
partner looks at him disgustedly and says:  "You brought me down here at
three in the morning just to hear some asshole sing Hello Dolly"?


Keep the phase, baby.


The time for action is past!
Now is the time for senseless bickering.


At least they're _E_X_P_E_R_I_E_N_C_E_D incompetents.


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

A new system, the CIRCULATORY system, has been added.

The long-experimental CIRCULATORY system has been released to users.  The
Lisp Machine uses Type B fluid, the L machine uses Type A fluid.  When the
switch to Common Lisp occurs both machines will, of course, be Type O.
Please check fluid level by using the DIP stick which is located in the
back of VMI monitors.  Unchecked low fluid levels can cause poor paging
performance.


Ethnologists up with the Sioux
Wired home for two punts, one canoe.
	The answer next day,
	Said, "Girls on the way,
But what the hell's a `panoe'?"


Join the army, see the world, meet interesting,
exciting people, and kill them.


A widow is more sought after than an old maid of the same age.
		-- Addison


The little old lady rushed into the taxidermist and unwrapped a package
containing two recently deceased monkeys.  Her instructions to the proprietor
were delivered in a welter of tears.
	"Favorite pets... (blubber,sob)... caught cold... (moan)...  Don't
see how I'll live without them... (weep,sob)... want to have them stuffed...
(blubber,blubber)!"
	"Of course, madam," said the proprietor in an understanding voice,
"and would you care to have them mounted?"
	"Oh, no," she sobbed, "shaking hands.  They were just close friends."


The nicest thing about the Alto is that it doesn't run faster at night.


There is nothing which cannot be answered by means of my doctrine," said
a monk, coming into a teahouse where Nasrudin sat.
	"And yet just a short time ago, I was challenged by a scholar with
an unanswerable question," said Nasrudin.
	"I could have answered it if I had been there."
	"Very well.  He asked, 'Why are you breaking into my house in
the middle of the night?'"


If I have seen farther than others, it is because I was standing on the
shoulders of giants.
		-- Isaac Newton

In the sciences, we are now uniquely privileged to sit side by side with
the giants on whose shoulders we stand.
		-- Gerald Holton

If I have not seen as far as others, it is because giants were standing on
my shoulders.
		-- Hal Abelson

Mathematicians stand on each other's shoulders.
		-- Gauss

Mathematicians stand on each other's shoulders while computer scientists
stand on each other's toes.
		-- Richard Hamming

It has been said that physicists stand on one another's shoulders.  If
this is the case, then programmers stand on one another's toes, and
software engineers dig each other's graves.
		-- Unknown


Well, you see there was this neighborhood that had a priest, a minister, and
a rabbi who lived near each other.  One summer afternoon the priest went out
and bought himself a new car, and the minister and rabbi, not to be outdone,
did the same.
	The next day the priest went out and blessed his car.  The minister
hired a crane and baptized his car in a swimming pool.  The rabbi, after
thinking seriously for a bit, got a hacksaw and cut three inches off the end
of the tail pipe.


The worst is not so long as we can say "This is the worst."
		-- King Lear


I don't deserve this award, but I have arthritis and I don't
deserve that either.
		-- Jack Benny


Here at the Phone Company, we serve all kinds of people;
from Presidents and Kings to the scum of the earth...


An 11 is a 10 who doesn't have headaches.


A language that doesn't have everything is
actually easier to program in than some that do.
		-- Dennis M. Ritchie


"No program is perfect,"
They said with a shrug.
"The customer's happy--
What's one little bug?"

But he was determined,			Then change two, then three more,
The others went home.			As year followed year.
He dug out the flow chart		And strangers would comment,
Deserted, alone.			"Is that guy still here?"

Night passed into morning.		He died at the console
The room was cluttered			Of hunger and thirst
With core dumps, source listings.	Next day he was buried
"I'm close," he muttered.		Face down, nine edge first.

Chain smoking, cold coffee,		And his wife through her tears
Logic, deduction.			Accepted his fate.
"I've got it!" he cried,		Said "He's not really gone,
"Just change one instruction."		He's just working late."
		-- The Perfect Programmer


How untasteful can you get?


We give advice, but we cannot give the wisdom to profit by it.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


Avec!


Look before you leap.
		-- Samuel Butler


You have no real enemies.


A motion to adjourn is always in order.


I didn't know he was dead; I thought he was British.


A man is only as old as the woman he feels.
		-- Groucho Marx


Any small object that is accidentally
dropped will hide under a larger object.


Brain on vacation, penis on autopilot.


If people say that here and there someone has been taken away and maltreated,
I can only reply: You can't make an omelette without breaking eggs.
		-- Hermann Goering


People seem to think that the blanket phrase, "I only work here,"
absolves them utterly from any moral obligation in terms of the
public -- but this was precisely Eichmann's excuse for his job in
the concentration camps.


Never test the depth of the water with both feet.


	Never take a resume seriously.  Resumes only make money for the
people who write the resumes.  No resume ever tells an employer how many
times a job applicant has had the clap.
	Why, indeed, would anyone hire a person based on a resume written
by a professional liar?
	If the applicant is a man, the employer must ask only one question:
did the applicant go to TCU?
	If the applicant is a woman, the employer may simply ask: does she
have a tongue that can lick the paint off a dormitory wall?
		-- Dan Jenkins, "Baja Oklahoma"


Ginsberg's Theorem:
	1. You can't win.
	2. You can't break even.
	3. You can't even quit the game.

Freeman's Commentary on Ginsberg's theorem:
	Every major philosophy that attempts to make life seem
	meaningful is based on the negation of one part of Ginsberg's
	Theorem.  To wit:

	1. Capitalism is based on the assumption that you can win.
	2. Socialism is based on the assumption that you can break even.
	3. Mysticism is based on the assumption that you can quit the game.


A Southern boy graduates from high school heads north to college, taking the
family dog, Old Blue with him, for company.  He's only been there a few weeks
when he gets a call from his girlfriend; seems like they've got a problem,
and she needs a thousand dollars to take care of it.  The boy calls his folks:
	"How are you?" they ask.
	"Oh, I'm fine," he says.
	"And how," they ask, "is Old Blue?"
	"Well, he's kind of depressed.  You see, there's this lady up here
that teaches dogs to talk, and Ol' Blue is feelin' kind of left out 'cause
he's the only dog that doesn't know how to talk.  She charges a thousand
dollars."
	The parents send the boy the thousand dollars, he forwards it to Mary
Lou, and everything's fine until Christmas vacation.  The boy leaves Ol' Blue
at his dorm, 'cause he just can't figure out what to tell his parents.  Sure
enough, when he gets home, the first thing his father wants to know is
"Where's Old Blue?"
	"Well, Pa," says the boy.  "I was driving on home and Old Blue was
talking away about this and that when we passed the Buford's farm.  Old Blue,
well, he said, `Say, what do you think your mother would do if I told her
that your father's been comin' over here and seeing Mrs. Buford all these
years?'"
	The father looks at his son -- "You shot that dog, didn't you, boy?"


He was a modest, good-humored boy.  It was Oxford that made him
insufferable.


Hear that...
	the Pope's next pronouncement on birth control is to be titled
	"Paul's Epistle to the Fallopians"?


In a great romance, each person basically plays a part that the
other really likes.
		-- Elizabeth Ashley


One advantage of talking to yourself is that you know at least
somebody's listening.
		-- Franklin P. Jones


Un moine au milieu de la messe		A monk in the middle of mass
S'eleva et cria en detresse;		Stood up and cried out in distress;
	"La vie religieuse,			"The religious life
	C'est sale et affreuse,"		Is dirty and horrid,"
Et se poignarda dans les fesses.	And stabbed himself in the ass.
		-- Edward Gorey


Your lucky color has faded.


It's always darkest just before it gets pitch black.


Useful Farsi phrases for Americans traveling to Iran:

AKBAR KHALI-KILI HAFTIR LOTFAN.
	Thank you for showing me your marvelous gun.

FEKR GABUL CARDAN DAVAT PAEH GUSH DIVAR.
	I am delighted to accept your kind invitation to lie down
	on the floor with my arms above my head and my legs apart.

SHOMAEH FEKR TAMOMEH QEH GOFTEH BANDE.
	I agree with everything you have ever said or thought in your life.


The more cordial the buyers secretary, the greater
the odds that the competition already has the order.


The reward of a thing well done is to have done it.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


The time was the 19th of May, 1780.  The place was Hartford, Connecticut.
The day has gone down in New England history as a terrible foretaste of
Judgment Day.  For at noon the skies turned from blue to grey and by
mid-afternoon had blackened over so densely that, in that religious age,
men fell on their knees and begged a final blessing before the end came.
The Connecticut House of Representatives was in session.  And, as some of
the men fell down and others clamored for an immediate adjournment, the
Speaker of the House, one Col. Davenport, came to his feet.  He silenced
them and said these words: "The day of judgment is either approaching or
it is not.  If it is not, there is no cause for adjournment.  If it is, I
choose to be found doing my duty.  I wish therefore that candles may be
brought."
		-- Alistair Cooke


SEMINARS:
	From 'semi' and 'arse', hence, any half-assed discussion.


The trouble with this country is that there are too many politicians
who believe, with a conviction based on experience, that you can fool
all of the people all of the time.
		-- Franklin Adams


You had some happiness once,
but your parents moved away, and you had to leave it behind.


Laura's Law:
	No child throws up in the bathroom.


A group of scientists discovered an apelike creature in the jungle, which
they hoped would prove to be the missing link.  The proof of their theory,
however, required that a human mate with the animal so that they could see
what characteristics the offspring would assume.  Needing volunteers, the
scientists placed an ad in the paper: "$5000 to mate with ape."
	Almost immediately, they received response from a man who said he
would be willing to take part in the experiment, with three conditions.
	"First," he said, "my wife must never know.  Second, any children
must be baptized.  And, third, I'd have to pay in installments."


At first sight, the idea of any rules or principles being superimposed on
the creative mind seems more likely to hinder than to help, but this is
quite untrue in practice.  Disciplined thinking focuses inspiration rather
than blinkers it.
		-- G. L. Glegg, "The Design of Design"


This week only, all our fiber-fill jackets are marked down!


Arguments are extremely vulgar, for everyone
in good society holds exactly the same opinion.
		-- Oscar Wilde


The life which is unexamined is not worth living.
		-- Plato


A man is known by the company he organizes.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


Marigold:		Jealousy
Mint:			Virute
Orange blossom:		Your purity equals your loveliness
Orchid:			Beauty, magnificence
Pansy:			Thoughts
Peach blossom:		I am your captive
Petunia:		Your presence soothes me
Poppy:			Sleep
Rose, any color:	Love
Rose, deep red:		Bashful shame
Rose, single, pink:	Simplicity
Rose, thornless, any:	Early attachment
Rose, white:		I am worthy of you
Rose, yellow:		Decrease of love, rise of jealousy
Rosebud, white:		Girlhood, and a heart ignorant of love
Rosemary:		Remembrance
Sunflower:		Haughtiness
Tulip, red:		Declaration of love
Tulip, yellow:		Hopeless love
Violet, blue:		Faithfulness
Violet, white:		Modesty
Zinnia:			Thoughts of absent friends
	* An upside-down blossom reverses the meaning.


	A shy teenage boy finally worked up the nerve to give a gift to
Madonna, a young puppy.  It hitched its waggin' to a star.
	A girl spent a couple hours on the phone talking to her two best
friends, Maureen Jones, and Maureen Brown.  When asked by her father why she
had been on the phone so long, she responded "I heard a funny story today
and I've been telling it to the Maureens."
	Three actors, Tom, Fred, and Cec, wanted to do the jousting scene
from Don Quixote for a local TV show.  "I'll play the title role," proposed
Tom.  "Fred can portray Sancho Panza, and Cecil B. De Mille."


GREAT MOMENTS IN AMERICAN HISTORY (#21):  July 30, 1917

On this day, New York City hotel detectives burst in and caught then
Senator Warren G. Harding in bed with an underage girl.  He bought
them off with a $20 bribe, and later remarked thankfully, "I thought
I wouldn't get out of that under $1000!"  Always one to learn from
his mistakes, in later years President Harding carried on his affairs
in a tiny closet in the White House Cabinet Room while Secret Service
men stood lookout.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(13) To dictatorships, peace means the absence of opposition.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Lady Luck brings added income today.
Lady friend takes it away tonight.


If it wasn't for Newton, we wouldn't have to eat bruised apples.


Literature is mostly about sex and not much about having children and life
is the other way round.
		-- David Lodge, "The British Museum is Falling Down"


If it wasn't so warm out today, it would be cooler.


Anxiety, n.:
	The first time you can't do it a second time.

Panic, n.:
	The second time you can't do it the first time.


Space tells matter how to move and matter tells space how to curve.
		-- Wheeler


The nicest thing about the Alto is that it doesn't run faster at night.


You enjoy the company of other people.


Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt.
		-- Herbert Hoover


Pascal Users:
	The Pascal system will be replaced next Tuesday by Cobol.
	Please modify your programs accordingly.


Who does not trust enough will not be trusted.
		-- Lao Tsu


Calvin:	"I wonder where we go when we die."
Hobbes:	"Pittsburgh?"
Calvin:	"You mean if we're good or if we're bad?"


