Oh, my friend, it is not what they take away from you that counts --
it's what you do with what you have left.
		-- Hubert H. Humphrey


Darth Vader!  Only you would be so bold!
		-- Princess Leia Organa


One man's "magic" is another man's engineering.
"Supernatural" is a null word.


fortune: not found


There is plenty of time before progress goes too far.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


May you live in uninteresting times.
		-- Chinese proverb


The owner of a large furniture store in the mid-west arrived in France on
a buying trip.  As he was checking into a hotel he struck up an acquaintance
with a beautiful young lady.  However, she only spoke French and he only spoke
English, so each couldn't understand a word the other spoke.  He took out a
pencil and a notebook and drew a picture of a coach.  She smiled, nodded her
head and they went for a ride in the park.  Later, he drew a picture of a
table in a restaurant with a question mark and she nodded, so they went to
dinner.  After dinner he sketched two dancers and she was delighted.  They
went to several nightclubs, drank champagne, danced and had a glorious
evening.  It had gotten quite late when she motioned for the pencil and drew
a picture of a four-poster bed.  He was dumbfounded, and to this day has
never been able to understand how she knew he was in the furniture business.


Pain is just God's way of hurting you.


Psychics will soon lead dogs to your body.


Good day to avoid cops.  Crawl to work.


Nuclear war would really set back cable.
		-- Ted Turner


Overflow on /dev/null: please empty the bit bucket.


Elliptical, n.:
	The feel of a kiss.


Why I am an atheist:

1. Atheists do not believe in higher powers.
2. God is the highest power.
3. Therefore, God must be an atheist.
4. We should all strive to be like God.
5. We should all be atheists.


Our government has kept us in a perpetual state of fear -- kept us in
a continuous stampede of patriotic fervor -- with the cry of grave
national emergency... Always there has been some terrible evil to
gobble us up if we did not blindly rally behind it  by furnishing the
exorbitant sums demanded.  Yet, in retrospect, these disasters seem
never to have happened, seem never to have been quite real.
		-- General Douglas MacArthur (1957)


Class: when they're running you out of town, to look like you're
leading the parade.
		-- Bill Battie


Keep the number of passes in a compiler to a minimum.
		-- D. Gries


Your boss is a few sandwiches short of a picnic.


You may get an opportunity for advancement today.  Watch it!


	"You say there are two types of people?"
	"Yes, those who separate people into two groups and those that
don't."
	"Wrong.  There are three groups:
		Those who separate people into three groups.
		Those who don't separate people into groups.
		Those who can't decide."
	"Wait a minute, what about people who separate people into
two groups?"
	"Oh.  Okay, then there are four groups."
	"Aren't you then separating people into four groups?"
	"Yeah."
	"So then there's a fifth group, right?"
	"You know, the problem is these idiots who can't make up their
minds."


   n = (n & 0x55555555) + ((n & 0xaaaaaaaa) >> 1);
   n = (n & 0x33333333) + ((n & 0xcccccccc) >> 2);
   n = (n & 0x0f0f0f0f) + ((n & 0xf0f0f0f0) >> 4);
   n = (n & 0x00ff00ff) + ((n & 0xff00ff00) >> 8);
   n = (n & 0x0000ffff) + ((n & 0xffff0000) >> 16);

		-- C code which counts the bits in a word


Questions are never indiscreet, answers sometimes are.
		-- Oscar Wilde


In the beginning there was nothing.  And the Lord said "Let There Be Light!"
And still there was nothing, but at least now you could see it.


What!?  Me worry?
		-- A. E. Neuman


All is fear in love and war.


You will pass away very quickly.


Already the spirit of our schooling is permeated with the feeling that every
subject, every topic, every fact, every professed truth must be submitted
to a certain publicity and impartiality.  All proffered samples of learning
must go to the same assay-room and be subjected to common tests.  It is the
essence of all dogmatic faiths to hold that any such "show-down" is
sacrilegious and perverse.  The characteristic of religion, from their point
of view, is that it is intellectually secret, not public; peculiarly revealed,
not generally known; authoritatively declared, not communicated and tested
in ordinary ways...It is pertinent to point out that, as long as religion
is conceived as it is now by the great majority of professed religionists,
there is something self-contradictory in speaking of education in religion
in the same sense in which we speak of education in topics where the method
of free inquiry has made its way.  The "religious" would be the last to be
willing that either the history of the content of religion should be taught
in this spirit; while those to whom the scientific standpoint is not merely
a technical device, but is the embodiment of the integrity of mind, must
protest against its being taught in any other spirit.
		-- John Dewey, "Democracy in the Schools" (1908)


A social scientist, studying the culture and traditions of a small North
African tribe, found a woman still practicing the ancient art of matchmaking.
Locally, she was known as the Moor, the marrier.


IRONY:
	A windy day, when, just as a beautiful girl with
	a short skirt approaches, dust blows in your eyes.


#define BITCOUNT(x)	(((BX_(x)+(BX_(x)>>4)) & 0x0F0F0F0F) % 255)
#define BX_(x)		((x) - (((x)>>1)&0x77777777)			\
			     - (((x)>>2)&0x33333333)			\
			     - (((x)>>3)&0x11111111))

		-- really weird C code to count the number of bits in a word


A good sysadmin always carries around a few feet of fiber. If he ever
gets lost, he simply drops the fiber on the ground, waits ten minutes,
then asks the backhoe operator for directions.
		-- Bill Bradford <mrbill@mrbill.net>


Your conscience never stops you from doing anything.  It just stops you
from enjoying it.


Nothing that's forced can ever be right,
If it doesn't come naturally, leave it.
That's what she said as she turned out the light,
And we bent our backs as slaves of the night,
Then she lowered her guard and showed me the scars
She got from trying to fight
Saying, oh, you'd better believe it.
[...]
Well nothing that's real is ever for free
And you just have to pay for it sometime.
She said it before, she said it to me,
I suppose she believed there was nothing to see,
But the same old four imaginary walls
She'd built for livin' inside
I said oh, you just can't mean it.
[...]
Well nothing that's forced can ever be right,
If it doesn't come naturally, leave it.
That's what she said as she turned out the light,
And she may have been wrong, and she may have been right,
But I woke with the frost, and noticed she'd lost
The veil that covered her eyes,
I said oh, you can leave it.
		-- Al Stewart, "If It Doesn't Come Naturally, Leave It"


The first marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence,
and the second the triumph of hope over experience.


Hackers do it with all sorts of characters.


Why do they call it baby-SITTING when all you do is run after them?


You will remember something that you should not have forgotten.


The distinction between Jewish and goyish can be quite subtle, as the
following quote from Lenny Bruce illustrates:

	"I'm Jewish.  Count Basie's Jewish.  Ray Charles is Jewish.
Eddie Cantor's goyish.  The B'nai Brith is goyish.  The Hadassah is
Jewish.  Marine Corps -- heavy goyish, dangerous.
	"Kool-Aid is goyish.  All Drake's Cakes are goyish.
Pumpernickel is Jewish and, as you know, white bread is very goyish.
Instant potatoes -- goyish.  Black cherry soda's very Jewish.
Macaroons are _v_e_r_y Jewish.  Fruit salad is Jewish.  Lime Jell-O is
goyish.  Lime soda is _v_e_r_y goyish.  Trailer parks are so goyish that
Jews won't go near them."
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.


It must be admitted that we English have sex on the brain, which is a
very unfortunate place to have it.
		-- Malcolm Muggeridge


He was the world's only armless sculptor.  He put the chisel in his mouth
and his wife hit him on the back of the head with a mallet.
		-- Fred Allen


Q:	Why do firemen wear red suspenders?
A:	To conform with departmental regulations concerning uniform dress.


A day without sunshine is like night.


At the foot of the mountain, thunder:
The image of Providing Nourishment.
Thus the superior man is careful of his words
And temperate in eating and drinking.


When you dial a wrong number you never get a busy signal.


I have not yet begun to byte!


Q:	What's the difference between "Oooh" and "Aaah"?
A:	About three inches.


I'm not laughing with you, I'm laughing at you.


WHEN YOU'RE RIDING IN A TIME MACHINE way far into the future, don't stick
your elbow out the window or it'll turn into a fossil.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Q:	What goes red, white, red, white, pink, pink, pink?
A:	Baby in a blender.

Q:	Why do you put a baby in a blender feet first?
A:	So you can watch the expression on its little face.


Every man takes the limits of his own field
of vision for the limits of the world.
		-- Schopenhauer


To think contrary to one's era is heroism.  But to speak against it is
madness.
		-- Eugene Ionesco


Neurotics build castles in the sky,
Psychotics live in them,
And psychiatrists collect the rent.


Real programmers don't write in FORTRAN.  FORTRAN is for pipe stress
freaks and crystallography weenies.  FORTRAN is for wimp engineers who
wear white socks.


Peace is much more precious than a piece
of land... let there be no more wars.
		-- Mohammed Anwar Sadat (1918-1981)


Murphy's Law is recursive.  Washing your car to make it rain doesn't work.


	The defense attorney was hammering away at the plaintiff: "You
claim," he jeered, "that my client came at you with a broken bottle in
his hand.  But is it not true, that you had something in YOUR hand?"

	"Yes," he admitted, "his wife.  Very charming, of course, but
not much good in a fight."


	It took 300 years to build and by the time it was 10% built,
everyone knew it would be a total disaster. But by then the investment
was so big they felt compelled to go on. Since its completion, it has
cost a fortune to maintain and is still in danger of collapsing.
	There are at present no plans to replace it, since it was never
really needed in the first place.
	I expect every installation has its own pet software which is
analogous to the above.
		-- K. E. Iverson, on the Leaning Tower of Pisa


The best ways are the most straightforward ways.  When you're sitting around
scamming these things out, all kinds of James Bondian ideas come forth, but
when it gets down to the reality of it, the simplest and most straightforward
way is usually the best, and the way that attracts the least attention.
Also, pouring gasoline on the water and lighting it like James Bond doesn't
work either.... They tried it during Prohibition.
		-- Thomas King Forcade, marijuana smuggler


KNOWLEDGE:
	Things you believe.


Who does not trust enough will not be trusted.
		-- Lao Tsu


Q:	Where does Catwoman go for a good time?
A:	To the batpoles, Robin!


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #18:

Q:  Are you married?
A:  No, I'm divorced.
Q:  And what did your husband do before you divorced him?
A:  A lot of things I didn't know about.


Where are the calculations that go with a calculated risk?


Nothing is as simple as it seems at first
	Or as hopeless as it seems in the middle
		Or as finished as it seems in the end.


Give me Librium or give me Meth.


I value kindness to human beings first of all, and kindness to animals.  I
don't respect the law; I have a total irreverence for anything connected
with society except that which makes the roads safer, the beer stronger,
the food cheaper, and old men and women warmer in the winter, and happier
in the summer.
		-- Brendan Behan


In youth, it was a way I had
To do my best to please,
And change, with every passing lad,
To suit his theories.

But now I know the things I know,
And do the things I do;
And if you do not like me so,
To hell, my love, with you!
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Indian Summer"


The modern child will answer you back before you've said anything.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


They also serve who only stand and wait.
		-- John Milton


You can cage a swallow, can't you,
	but you can't swallow a cage, can you?
Girl, bathing on Bikini, eyeing boy,
	finds boy eyeing bikini on bathing girl.
A man, a plan, a canal -- Panama!
		-- The Palindromist


Whom the mad would destroy, first they make Gods.
		-- Bernard Levin


PURGE COMPLETE.


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"You can demonstrate a program for a corporate executive, but you
	can't make him computer literate."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(24) Feminism was established so that unattractive women could have
     easier access to the mainstream of society.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Dyslexia means never having to say that you're ysror.


People who live in glass houses should ball in the basement.


Ever feel like life was a game and you had the wrong instruction book?


Love thy neighbor, tune thy piano.


Larkinson's Law:
	All laws are basically false.


The reason big companies have lots and lots of meetings is because
they can't masturbate.


Rev. Jim:	What does an amber light mean?
Bobby:		Slow down.
Rev. Jim:	What...   does...  an...  amber...  light...  mean?
Bobby:		Slow down.
Rev. Jim:	What....     does....     an....     amber....     light....


It is now 10 p.m.  Do you know where Henry Kissinger is?
		-- Elizabeth Carpenter


We don't care.  We don't have to.  We're the Phone Company.


I love mankind ... It's people I hate.
		-- Schulz


Every creature has within him the wild, uncontrollable urge to punt.


If he once again pushes up his sleeves in order to compute for 3 days
and 3 nights in a row, he will spend a quarter of an hour before to
think which principles of computation shall be most appropriate.
		-- Voltaire, "Diatribe du docteur Akakia"


Your lover will never wish to leave you.


I'd love to kiss you, but I just washed my hair.
		-- Bette Davis, "Cabin in the Cotton"


Pascal, n.:
	A programming language named after a man who would turn over
	in his grave if he knew about it.
		-- Datamation, January 15, 1984


Q:	How do you make an elephant float?
A:	You get two scoops of elephant and some root beer...


Most people in this society who aren't actively mad are,
at best, reformed or potential lunatics.
		-- Susan Sontag


Modem, adj.:
	Up-to-date, new-fangled, as in "Thoroughly Modem Millie."  An
	unfortunate byproduct of kerning.


Good day for business affairs.
Make a pass at that the new file clerk.


Based on what you know about him in history books, what do you think
Abraham Lincoln would be doing if he were alive today?

	(1) Writing his memoirs of the Civil War.
	(2) Advising the President.
	(3) Desperately clawing at the inside of his coffin.
		-- David Letterman


The meek shall inherit the earth; the rest of us, the Universe.


Sensible and responsible women do not want to vote.
		-- Grover Cleveland (1905)


Intellect annuls Fate.
So far as a man thinks, he is free.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


What is the sound of one hand clapping?


Entropy isn't what it used to be.


Life is a sexually transferred disease with 100% mortality.


	"You have heard me speak of Professor Moriarty?"
	"The famous scientific criminal, as famous among crooks as --"
	"My blushes, Watson," Holmes murmured, in a deprecating voice.  "I
was about to say 'as he is unknown to the public.'"
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "The Valley of Fear"


	"The best thing for being sad," replied Merlin, beginning to puff
and blow, "is to learn something.  That's the only thing that never fails.
You may grow old and trembling in your anatomies, you may lie awake at
night listening to the disorder of your veins, you may miss your only love,
you may see the world about you devastated by evil lunatics, or know your
honour trampled in the sewers of baser minds. There is only one thing for
it then -- to learn.  Learn why the world wags and what wags it.  That is
the only thing which the mind can never exhaust, never alienate, never be
tortured by, never fear or distrust, and never dream of regretting.  Learning
is the only thing for you.  Look what a lot of things there are to learn."
		-- T. H. White, "The Once and Future King"


If we won't stand together, we don't stand a chance.


...before I could come to any conclusion it occurred to me that my speech
or my silence, indeed any action of mine, would be a mere futility.  What
did it matter what anyone knew or ignored?  What did it matter who was
manager?  One gets sometimes such a flash of insight. The essentials of
this affair lay deep under the surface, beyond my reach, and beyond my
power of meddling.
		-- Joseph Conrad


QOTD:
	"Of course it's the murder weapon.  Who would frame someone with
	a fake?"


Women's virtue is man's greatest invention.
		-- Cornelia Otis Skinner


Hear about...
	the mother of 12 who was called upon to use her diaphragm so often
	that she kept it tacked to the headboard of her bed?


NAPOLEON: What shall we do with this soldier, Giuseppe?  Everything he
	  says is wrong.
GIUSEPPE: Make him a general, Excellency, and then everything he says
	  will be right.
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "The Man of Destiny"


How come we never talk anymore?


We are preparing to think about contemplating preliminary work on plans to
develop a schedule for producing the 10th Edition of the Unix Programmers
Manual.
		-- Andrew Hume


I will not drink!
But if I do...
I will not get drunk!
But if I do...
I will not in public!
But if I do...
I will not fall down!
But if I do...
I will fall face down so that they cannot see my company badge.


Quigley's Law:
	Whoever has any authority over you,
	no matter how small, will attempt to use it.


There's no trick to being a humorist when you have the whole government
working for you.
		-- Will Rogers


MARRIAGE:
	Convertible bonds.


There is no time like the pleasant.


Finster's Law:
A closed mouth gathers no feet.


Failed Attempts To Break Records
	In September 1978 Mr. Terry Gripton, of Stafford, failed to break
the world shouting record by two and a half decibels.  "I am not surprised
he failed," his wife said afterwards.  "He's really a very quiet man and
doesn't even shout at me."
	In August of the same year Mr. Paul Anthony failed to break the
record for continuous organ playing by 387 hours.
	His attempt at the Golden Fish Fry Restaurant in Manchester ended
after 36 hours 10 minutes, when he was accused of disturbing the peace.
"People complained I was too noisy," he said.
	In January 1976 Mr. Barry McQueen failed to walk backwards across
the Menai Bridge playing the bagpipes.  "It was raining heavily and my
drone got waterlogged," he said.
	A TV cameraman thwarted Mr. Bob Specas' attempt to topple 100,000
dominoes at the Manhattan Center, New York on 9 June 1978.  97,500 dominoes
had been set up when he dropped his press badge and set them off.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


An interpretation I satisfies a sentence in the table language if and only if
each entry in the table designates the value of the function designated by the
function constant in the upper-left corner applied to the objects designated
by the corresponding row and column labels.
		-- Genesereth & Nilsson,
		   "Logical foundations of Artificial Intelligence"


Can't open /usr/share/games/fortune/fortunes.dat.


