Modern psychology takes completely for granted that behavior and neural
function are perfectly correlated, that one is completely caused by the
other.  There is no separate soul or lifeforce to stick a finger into the
brain now and then and make neural cells do what they would not otherwise.
Actually, of course, this is a working assumption only. ... It is quite
conceivable that someday the assumption will have to be rejected.  But it
is important also to see that we have not reached that day yet: the working
assumption is a necessary one and there is no real evidence opposed to it.
Our failure to solve a problem so far does not make it insoluble.  One cannot
logically be a determinist in physics and biology, and a mystic in psychology.
		-- D. O. Hebb, "Organization of Behavior:
		   A Neuropsychological Theory", 1949


Don't change the reason, just change the excuses!
		-- Joe Cointment


Bureau Termination, Law of:
	When a government bureau is scheduled to be phased out,
	the number of employees in that bureau will double within
	12 months after the decision is made.


A programming language is low level
when its programs require attention to the irrelevant.


GREAT MOMENTS IN HISTORY (#7):  April 2, 1751

Isaac Newton becomes discouraged when he falls up a flight of stairs.


All life evolves by the differential survival of replicating entities.
		-- Richard Dawkins


Forest fires cause Smokey Bears.


This "brain-damaged" epithet is getting sorely overworked.  When we can
speak of someone or something being flawed, impaired, marred, spoiled;
batty, bedlamite, bonkers, buggy, cracked, crazed, cuckoo, daft, demented,
deranged, loco, lunatic, mad, maniac, mindless, non compos mentis, nuts,
Reaganite, screwy, teched, unbalanced, unsound, witless, wrong;  senseless,
spastic, spasmodic, convulsive; doped, spaced-out, stoned, zonked;  {beef,
beetle,block,dung,thick}headed, dense, doltish, dull, duncical, numskulled,
pinhead;  asinine, fatuous, foolish, silly, simple;  brute, lumbering, oafish;
half-assed, incompetent; backward, retarded, imbecilic, moronic; when we have
a whole precisely nuanced vocabulary of intellectual abuse to draw upon,
individually and in combination, isn't it a little <fill in the blank> to be
limited to a single, now quite trite, adjective?


Women reason with the heart and are much less often wrong
than men who reason with the head.
		-- DeLescure


A man who cannot seduce men cannot save them either.
		-- S. A. Kierkegaard (1813-1855)


Two old men are walking down the boardwalk when one of them tells the other
that he has to leave, his wife is expecting him to come home and make love
with her.
	The other man is astonished.  "Make love to your wife?  You're as old
as I am!  Nearly eighty years old!  What do you mean you have to go home and
make love to your wife?"
	The first man smiles and says, "We have a *great* sex life.  We make
love every day."
	"You're kidding!" says his friend.  "How do you do it?"
	"Pumpernickel bread.  That's the secret."  And he dashes off home.
	The other man starts to walk home.  "Hmmm," he thinks to himself
pumpernickel bread.  Well, it's worth a try."  So he goes into a nearby
bakery.
	Going up to the woman at the counter, he asks for their entire stock
of pumpernickel bread.  The woman stares at him in astonishment.  "You want
all the pumpernickel bread we have?  Are you sure?  Don't you know that it
will get hard?"
	"How come," demands the man, "everybody knows about this but me?"


The Soviet Union, which has complained recently about alleged anti-Soviet
themes in American advertising, lodged an official protest this week
against the Ford Motor Company's new campaign: "Hey you stinking, fat
Russian, get off my Ford Escort."
		-- Dennis Miller


This is the first numerical problem I ever did.  It demonstrates the
power of computers:

Enter lots of data on calorie & nutritive content of foods.  Instruct the
thing to maximize a function describing nutritive content, with a minimum
level of each component, for fixed caloric content.  The results are that
one should eat each day:

	1/2 chicken
	1 egg
	1 glass of skim milk
	27 heads of lettuce.
		-- Rev. Adrian Melott


QOTD:
	"Ludwig Boltzmann, who spend much of his life studying statistical
	mechanics died in 1906 by his own hand.  Paul Ehrenfest, carrying
	on the work, died similarly in 1933.  Now it is our turn."
		-- Goodstein, States of Matter


Once at a social gathering, Gladstone said to Disraeli, "I predict,
Sir, that you will die either by hanging or of some vile disease".
Disraeli replied, "That all depends upon whether I embrace your
principals or your mistress."


Neutrinos have bad breadth.


If the shoe fits, it's ugly.


The wise man seeks everything in himself;
the ignorant man tries to get everything from somebody else.


Truth can wait; he's used to it.


The new Congressmen say they're going to turn the government around.
I hope I don't get run over again.


	"Hey, Sam, how about a loan?"
	"Whattaya need?"
	"Oh, about $500."
	"Whattaya got for collateral?"
	"Whattaya need?"
	"How about an eye?"
		-- Sam Giancana


She's the kind of girl who climbed the ladder of success wrong by wrong.
		-- Mae West


Buffy:	How do you get to be renowned?  I mean like, do you have to be
	nowned first?
Willow:	Yes.  First there is the painful nowning process.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Freshman"
		   Season 1, Episode 1


Numeric stability is probably not all that important when you're guessing.


Ginger Snap


If you learn one useless thing every day, in a single year you'll learn
365 useless things.


	"Are you sure you're not an encyclopedia salesman?"
	"No, Ma'am.  Just a burglar, come to ransack the flat."
		-- Monty Python


Art is a lie which makes us realize the truth.
		-- Picasso


Alexander Hamilton started the U.S. Treasury with nothing - and that was
the closest our country has ever been to being even.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


Help stamp out and abolish redundancy!


Wethern's Law:
	Assumption is the mother of all screw-ups.


When I grow up, I want to be an honest
lawyer so things like that can't happen.
		-- Richard M. Nixon, as a boy, on the Teapot Dome scandal


Marriage is an institution in which two undertake
to become one, and one undertakes to become nothing.


What is actually happening, I am afraid, is that we all tell each
other and ourselves that software engineering techniques should be
improved considerably, because there is a crisis.  But there are a few
boundary conditions which apparently have to be satisfied:

    1. We may not change our thinking habits.
    2. We may not change our programming tools.
    3. We may not change our hardware.
    4. We may not change our tasks.
    5. We may not change the organizational set-up
       in which the work has to be done.

Now under these five immutable boundary conditions, we have to try to
improve matters. This is utterly ridiculous.

Edsger W. Dijkstra, on receiving the ACM Turing Award in 1972


The majority of husbands remind me of an orangutan trying to play
the violin.
		-- Honore de Balzac


If you drink, don't park.  Accidents make people.


Rule of the Great:
	When people you greatly admire appear to be thinking deep
	thoughts, they probably are thinking about lunch.


Once upon a time there was a kingdom ruled by a great bear.  The peasants
were not very rich, and one of the few ways to become at all wealthy was
to become a Royal Knight.  This required an interview with the bear.  If
the bear liked you, you were knighted on the spot.  If not, the bear would
just as likely remove your head with one swat of a paw.  However, the family
of these unfortunate would-be knights was compensated with a beautiful
sheepdog from the royal kennels, which was itself a fairly valuable
possession.  And the moral of the story is:

The mourning after a terrible knight, nothing beats the dog of the bear that
hit you.


Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow they may make it illegal.


A tall, dark stranger will have more fun than you.


Kill a commie for Christ!


Fellow programmer, greetings!  You are reading a letter which will bring
you luck and good fortune.  Just mail (or UUCP) ten copies of this letter
to ten of your friends.  Before you make the copies, send a chip or
other bit of hardware, and 100 lines of "C" code to the first person on the
list given at the bottom of this letter.  Then delete their name and add
yours to the bottom of the list.

Don't break the chain!  Make the copy within 48 hours.  Gerald R. of San
Diego failed to send out his ten copies and woke the next morning to find
his job description changed to "COBOL programmer."  Fred A. of New York sent
out his ten copies and within a month had enough hardware and software to
build a Cray dedicated to playing Zork.  Martha H. of Chicago laughed at
this letter and broke the chain.  Shortly thereafter, a fire broke out in
her terminal and she now spends her days writing documentation for IBM PC's.

Don't break the chain!  Send out your ten copies today!


Mental things which have not gone in through the
senses are vain and bring forth no truth except detrimental.
		-- Leonardo


ONE SIZE FITS ALL:
	Doesn't fit anyone.


Once, adv.:
	Enough.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Sometimes you get an almost irresistible urge to go on living.


You tread upon my patience.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


April is the cruelest month...
		-- Thomas Stearns Eliot


Receiving a million dollars tax free will make you feel better than
being flat broke and having a stomach ache.
		-- Dolph Sharp, "I'm O.K., You're Not So Hot"


Of all possible committee reactions to any given agenda item, the
reaction that will occur is the one which will liberate the greatest
amount of hot air.
		-- Thomas L. Martin


Sex and drugs and UNIX.


	"My God!  Are we sure he was a liberal?"
	"Pretty sure.  They pulled him from a Volvo."


Necrophilia, n.:
	Dropping in for a cold one.


The only problem with being a man of leisure
is that you can never stop and take a rest.


Double-blind Experiment, n.:
	An experiment in which the chief researcher believes he is
fooling both the subject and the lab assistant.  Often accompanied
by a strong belief in the tooth fairy.


LEO (Jul. 23 to Aug. 22)
	Your presence, poise, charm and good looks won't even help you today.
	Look over your shoulder; an ugly person may be following you.  Be on
	your toes.  Brush your teeth.  Take Geritol.


	*** STUDENT SUCCESSES ***

Many of our students have gone on to achieve great success in all fields of
programming.  One former student developed the concept of the personalized
form letter.  Does the phrase, "Dear Mr.(insert name), You may already be a
winner!," sound familiar?  Another student writes "After only five lessons I
sold a "My Most Unforgettable Program" article to Corrosive Computing magazine.
Another of our graduates writes, "I recently completed a database-management
program for my department manager.  My program touched him so deeply that he
was speechless.  He told me later that he had never seen such a program in
his entire career.  Thank you, Famous Programmers' school; only you could
have made this possible."  Send for our introductory brochure which explains
in vague detail the operation of the Famous Programmers' School, and you'll
be eligible to win a possible chance to enter a drawing, the winner of which
can vie for a set of free steak knives.  If you don't do it now, you'll hate
yourself in the morning.


We'll pivot at warp 2 and bring all tubes to bear, Mr. Sulu!


The problem with me is that I am fifty or one hundred years ahead of my
time.  My speed is very fast.  Some ministers have had to drop out of my
government because they could not keep up.
		-- Idi Amin Dada


The only thing that stops God from sending a second Flood is that
the first one was useless.
		-- Nicolas Chamfort


If you're gonna sleep with someone whose moral code may be written
in Fortran for all you know, at least make sure there's an existing
friendship of some sort to fall back on if things don't work out
like one or the other of you planned.


Excellent day for putting Slinkies on an escalator.


It was pity stayed his hand.  "Pity I don't have any more bullets,"
thought Frito.
		-- Harvard Lampoon, "Bored of the Rings"


All laws are simulations of reality.
		-- John C. Lilly


People will do tomorrow what they did today because that is what they
did yesterday.


Here's to the woman beautiful and divine
she flowers every month bears fruit every nine
she's the only creature 'tween heaven and hell
can get the juice from a nut without cracking the shell.


Probably the question asked most often is: Do one-celled animals have
orgasms?  The answer is yes, they have orgasms almost constantly, which
is why they don't mind living in pools of warm slime.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sex and the Single Amoeba: What Every
		   Teen Should Know"


It's illegal in Wilbur, Washington, to ride an ugly horse.


All of the people in my building are insane.  The guy above me designs
synthetic hairballs for ceramic cats.  The lady across the hall tried to
rob a department store... with a pricing gun...  She said, "Give me all
of the money in the vault, or I'm marking down everything in the store."
		-- Steven Wright


Facts, apart from their relationships, are like labels on empty bottles.
		-- Sven Italla


Programmers used to batch environments may find it hard to live
without giant listings; we would find it hard to use them.
		-- Dennis M. Ritchie


The Lord prefers common-looking people.  That is the reason that He makes
so many of them.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


My idea of a wild party is where you throw the girls' panties at the wall
and they stick.
		-- Johnny Bob


Row, row, row your bits, gently down the stream...


A day without sunshine is like night.


If God is perfect, why did He create discontinuous functions?


Welcome thy neighbor into thy fallout shelter.
He'll come in handy if you run out of food.
		-- Dean McLaughlin


Attorney General Edwin Meese III explained why the Supreme Court's Miranda
decision (holding that subjects have a right to remain silent and have a
lawyer present during questioning) is unnecessary: "You don't have many
suspects who are innocent of a crime.  That's contradictory.  If a person
is innocent of a crime, then he is not a suspect."
		-- U.S. News and World Report, 10/14/85


I owe the public nothing.
		-- J. P. Morgan


	Bill had just returned from a week of honeymooning, and his best
friend asked him how it went.
	"The first night we did it nine times," Bill said.  "The second
night, eight times.  The third night, seven times.  The fourth night, six
times.  The fifth night, five times.  The sixth night, four times, and the
last night, nothing!"
	"Nothing?" his pal asked.  "How come?"
	"Hey, you ever tried putting a marshmallow in a parking meter?"


A [golf] ball sliced or hooked into the rough shall be lifted and placed in
the fairway at a point equal to the distance it carried or rolled into the
rough.  Such veering right or left frequently results from friction between
the face of the club and the cover of the ball and the player should not be
penalized for the erratic behavior of the ball resulting from such
uncontrollable physical phenomena.
		-- Donald A. Metz


The boy stood on the burning deck,
Eating peanuts by the peck.
His father called him, but he could not go,
For he loved those peanuts so.


Said a modest young miss to de Sade,
I'm simply too shy and afraid
	To take part in your pranks.
	But to show you my thanks,
I'd just love to become your first aide.


What this country needs is a good five cent ANYTHING!


Our little systems have their day;
They have their day and cease to be;
They are but broken lights of thee.
		-- Tennyson


IF A KID ASKS YOU where rain comes from, I think a cute thing to tell him
is, "God is crying."  And if he asks why God is crying, another cute thing
to tell him is, "Probably because of something you did."
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


She is not refined.  She is not unrefined.  She keeps a parrot.
		-- Mark Twain


The ripest fruit falls first.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"


Power and ignorance is a detestable cocktail.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Take heart amid the deepening gloom that your dog is finally getting
enough cheese.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


No one should have to wait until after ten o'clock for his english muffin!
		-- Snoopy


When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


Science may someday discover what faith has always known.


Vote early and vote often.
		-- Al Capone's slogan for Big Bill Thompson's anti-reform
		   campaign for Mayor of Chicago, 1926.  Big Bill won.


Visit beautiful Vergas Minnesota.


The politician is someone who deals in man's problems of adjustment.
To ask a politician to lead us is to ask the tail of a dog to lead the dog.
		-- Buckminster Fuller


Mommy, what happens to your files when you die?


... proper attention to Earthly needs of the poor, the depressed and the
downtrodden, would naturally evolve from dynamic, articulate, spirited
awareness of the great goals for Man and the society he conspired to erect.
		-- David Baker, paraphrasing Harold Urey, in
		   "The History of Manned Space Flight"


You get what you pay for.
		-- Gabriel Biel


The difference between art and science is that science is what we
understand well enough to explain to a computer.  Art is everything else.
		-- Donald E. Knuth, "Discover"


Life is difficult because it is non-linear.


The three laws of thermodynamics:
	(1) You can't get anything without working for it.
	(2) The most you can accomplish by working is to break even.
	(3) You can only break even at absolute zero.


The only time a dog gets complimented is when he doesn't do anything.
		-- C. Schultz


E.T. GO HOME!!!  (And take your Smurfs with you.)


Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
		-- Lily Tomlin


Oz:	Guys, take a moment to deal with this.  We survived.
Buffy:	It was a hell of a battle.
Oz:	Not the battle.  High School.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Graduation Day, Part Two"
		   Season 3, Episode 22


Egotism is the anesthetic given by a kindly nature
to relieve the pain of being a damned fool.
		-- Bellamy Brooks


There's no saint like a reformed sinner.


If you need anything just whistle.
You know how to whistle, don't you, Steve?
Just put your lips together and blow.
		-- Lauren Bacall, "To Have and Have Not"


Q:	What's yellow, and equivalent to the Axiom of Choice?
A:	Zorn's Lemon.


The universe is an island,
surrounded by whatever it is that surrounds universes.


	Once there was a marine biologist who loved dolphins. He spent his
time trying to feed and protect his beloved creatures of the sea.  One day,
in a fit of inventive genius, he came up with a serum that would make
dolphins live forever!
	Of course he was ecstatic. But he soon realized that in order to mass
produce this serum he would need large amounts of a certain compound that was
only found in nature in the metabolism of a rare South American bird.  Carried
away by his love for dolphins, he resolved that he would go to the zoo and
steal one of these birds.
	Unbeknownst to him, as he was arriving at the zoo an elderly lion was
escaping from its cage.  The zookeepers were alarmed and immediately began
combing the zoo for the escaped animal, unaware that it had simply lain down
on the sidewalk and had gone to sleep.
	Meanwhile, the marine biologist arrived at the zoo and procured his
bird.  He was so excited by the prospect of helping his dolphins that he
stepped absentmindedly stepped over the sleeping lion on his way back to his
car.  Immediately, 1500 policemen converged on him and arrested him for
transporting a myna across a staid lion for immortal porpoises.


The Thought Police are here.  They've come
To put you under cardiac arrest.
And as they drag you through the door
They tell you that you've failed the test.
		-- Buggles, "Living in the Plastic Age"


Q:	What's a WASP's idea of open-mindedness?
A:	Dating a Canadian.


A lady with one of her ears applied
To an open keyhole heard, inside,
Two female gossips in converse free --
The subject engaging them was she.
"I think", said one, "and my husband thinks
That she's a prying, inquisitive minx!"
As soon as no more of it she could hear
The lady, indignant, removed her ear.
"I will not stay," she said with a pout,
"To hear my character lied about!"
		-- Gopete Sherany


I have a rock garden.  Last week three of them died.
		-- Richard Diran


Cold, adj.:
	When the politicians walk around with their hands in their own
	pockets.


Confidence is the feeling you have before you understand the situation.


Q:	How can you tell if an elephant is having an affair with
	your wife?
A:	You have to wait 22 months.


Educational television should be absolutely forbidden.  It can only lead
to unreasonable disappointment when your child discovers that the letters
of the alphabet do not leap up out of books and dance around with
royal-blue chickens.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


All laws are simulations of reality.
		-- John C. Lilly


If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning.
		-- Aristotle Onassis


Fashions have done more harm than revolutions.
		-- Victor Hugo


Why can't you be a non-conformist like everyone else?


Didja hear about the dyslexic devil worshiper who sold his soul to Santa?


The sex was nice, but confusing.  The whole situation kept going di-polar
on Sta-Hi.  One instant Misty would seem like a lovely warm girl who'd
survived a terrible injury, like a lost puppy to be stroked, a lonely
woman to be husbanded.  But then he'd start thinking of the wires behind
her eyes, and he'd be screwing a machine, an inanimate object, a public
toilet.  Just like with any other woman for him, really.
		-- Rudy Rucker, "Software"


Woke up this morning, don't believe what I saw.  Hundred billion
bottles washed up on the shore.  Seems I never noted being alone.
Hundred billion castaways looking for a call.


Everything is controlled by a small evil group
to which, unfortunately, no one we know belongs.


He carried me over the stream, striding through the current, his strong,
muscular, thighs scarcely hesitating as he sure-footedly forded the water.
But what was that bulge, small, oblong, solid, that might have been, say,
a pocket camera?
		-- An Exciting Journey


Oh what a tangled web we weave, when first we practice to deceive.
		-- William Shakespeare


Niklaus Wirth has lamented that, whereas Europeans pronounce his
name correctly (Ni-klows Virt), Americans invariably mangle it into
(Nick-les Worth).  Which is to say that Europeans call him by name,
but Americans call him by value.


He drank with curvy Mable,
The pace was fast and furious,
He slid beneath the table,
Not drunk but merely curious.


No problem is insoluble in all conceivable circumstances.


A computer scientist is someone who fixes things that aren't broken.


