You will receive a legacy which will place you above want.


What does not destroy me, makes me stronger.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


What we wish, that we readily believe.
		-- Demosthenes


Twenty Percent of Zero is Better than Nothing.
		-- Walt Kelly


A motion to adjourn is always in order.


Happy feast of the pig!


If there is a wrong way to do something, then someone will do it.
		-- Edward A. Murphy, Jr.


Dirksen's Three Laws of Politics:

	1: Get elected.
	2: Get re-elected.
	3: Don't get mad, get even.
		-- Sen. Everett Dirksen


Every program is a part of some other program, and rarely fits.


When a lot of remedies are suggested for
a disease, that means it can't be cured.
		-- Chekhov, "The Cherry Orchard"


What makes us so bitter against people who outwit us
is that they think themselves cleverer than we are.


I DON'T THINK I'M ALONE when I say I'd like to see more and more planets
fall under the ruthless domination of our solar system.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


She asked me, "What's your sign?"
I blinked and answered "Neon,"
I thought I'd blow her mind...


Let me take you a button-hole lower.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"


What a man enjoys most about a woman's clothes are his fantasies of how
she would look without them.
		-- Brendan Francis


I don't have to take this abuse from you -- I've got
hundreds of people waiting to abuse me.
		-- Bill Murray, "Ghostbusters"


Hear about...
	the freaky WAC who was court-martialed for contributing to the
	delinquency of a major?


If they can make penicillin out of moldy bread, they can sure make
something out of you.
		-- Muhammad Ali


As the truck driver came flying over the top of a steep hill, he spotted two
figures in his path rolling around in the middle of the road.  The driver blew
his horn and braked frantically, but the couple continued their lovemaking,
oblivious to his warnings.  The truck finally slid to a halt barely three
inches from the pair.  "Are you crazy?" the driver screamed at them.  "You
could have been killed!"
	The man stood up and faced the driver.  "Well, I was coming, she was
coming and you were coming," he panted, "and you were the only one with
brakes."


Even a hawk is an eagle among crows.


You don't have to know how the computer
works, just how to work the computer.


It's a poor workman who blames his tools.


The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always
so certain of themselves, and wiser people so full of doubts.
		-- Bertrand Russell


Cordelia: Does looking at guns make you want to have sex?
Xander:	  I'm seventeen.  Looking at _L_I_N_O_L_E_U_M makes me want to have sex.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Innocence"
		   Season 2, Episode 14


Two women are talking; one says to the other, "Say, weren't you dating that
cute French horn player?  What ever happened to him?"
	"Well," replies her friend, we're still seeing each other, but,
I must admit, we've had some problems."
	"Problems?  What's wrong?"
	"You see," says the second woman, "every time he kisses me, he
wants to shove his fist up my ass."


I know of a fortunate Hindu
Who is sought in the towns that he's been to
	By the ladies he knows,
	Who are thrilled to the toes
By the tricks that he makes his foreskin do.


Si jeunesse savait, si vieillesse pouvait.
[If youth but knew, if old age but could.]
		-- Henri Estienne


A great nation is any mob of people which produces at least one honest
man a century.


	"Found it," the Mouse replied rather crossly:
"of course you know what `it' means."

	"I know what `it' means well enough, when I find a thing,"
said the Duck: "it's generally a frog or a worm.

The question is, what did the archbishop find?"


Many people feel that they deserve some kind of
recognition for all the bad things they haven't done.


Beam me up, Scotty!


...we must be wary of granting too much power to natural selection
by viewing all basic capacities of our brain as direct adaptations.
I do not doubt that natural selection acted in building our oversized
brains -- and I am equally confident that our brains became large as
an adaptation for definite roles (probably a complex set of interacting
functions).  But these assumptions do not lead to the notion, often
uncritically embraced by strict Darwinians, that all major capacities
of the brain must arise as direct products of natural selection.
		-- S. J. Gould, "The Mismeasure of Man"


8 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Woman:

 1. You rarely (if ever) find beer labels on the shower curtain rod.
 2. A beer doesn't care when you come.
 3. Beer doesn't have a mother.
 4. Beer doesn't need much closet space.
 5. A beer won't accuse you of lying when you say you read Playboy
	"just for the articles".
 6. Beer doesn't mind seeing Chuck Norris and Charles Bronson flicks.
 7.  Beer doesn't always want to go to the 'powder room' with everyone
	else's beer.
 8. When you're through with a beer, the thought of another beer doesn't
	make you ill.


Seems there was this traveling salesman who wandered into a brothel and
asked the madam for a woman who would give him the absolutely worst blow-job
imaginable.  Not horny, just homesick.


Visits always give pleasure: if not on arrival, then on the departure.
		-- Edouard Le Berquier, "Pensees des Autres"


Hackers do it bottom-up.


A little Mexican boy comes home from school one day and says to his grand-
father, "Granddaddy, today my teacher said that Pancho Villa, the bandit
used to raid towns around here!  Did you ever know him?"
	"Do *I* know Pancho Villa?" exclaims the man.  "Why, boy, before
your father was born, I was riding into town on my horse.  Suddenly, from
behind the bushes leaped Pancho with his six-guns drawn!  He told me to get
down off the horse and to give him all my money.  Then, he told me to scoop
some manure from the ground and eat it!"
	"I refused at first, but Pancho had the guns, so I ate the shit.
And he started laughing so hard that it scared his horse into rearing up --
I grabbed the guns from his hands!  I said to Pancho, `Okay, Pancho, now
it's your turn -- you eat the shit!'  I had the guns, so he ate the shit.
	"And you ask me, child, if I know Pancho Villa, the bandit!  Why,
we had *lunch* together!"


SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22 to Dec. 21)
	Move slowly today, be deliberate.  Indications are for bleeding
	ulcers.  Drink milk.  Try not to be your usual offensive and
	obnoxious self.  Call your mother.


Woke up this morning, don't believe what I saw.  Hundred billion
bottles washed up on the shore.  Seems I never noted being alone.
Hundred billion castaways looking for a call.


The primary requisite for any new tax law is for it to exempt enough
voters to win the next election.


Let thy maid servant be faithful, strong, and homely.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


So as your consumer electronics adviser, I am advising you to donate
your current VCR to a grate resident, who will laugh sardonically and
hurl it into a dumpster.  Then I want you to go out and purchase a vast
array of 8-millimeter video equipment.

... OK!  Got everything?  Well, *too bad, sucker*, because while you
were gone the electronics industry came up with an even newer format
that makes your 8-millimeter VCR look as technologically advanced as
toenail dirt.  This format is called "3.5 hectare" and it will not be
made available until it is outmoded, sometime early next week, by a
format called "Elroy", so *order yours now*.
		-- Dave Barry, "No Surrender in the Electronics
		   Revolution"


The plot was designed in a light vein that somehow became varicose.
		-- David Lardner


Q:	Why was Stonehenge abandoned?
A:	It wasn't IBM compatible.


If I'd known computer science was going to be like this,
I'd never have given up being a rock 'n' roll star.
		-- G. Hirst


A priest asked: What is Fate, Master?

And he answered:

It is that which gives a beast of burden its reason for existence.

It is that which men in former times had to bear upon their backs.

It is that which has caused nations to build byways from City to City
upon which carts and coaches pass, and alongside which inns have come
to be built to stave off Hunger, Thirst and Weariness.

And that is Fate?  said the priest.

Fate ... I thought you said Freight, responded the Master.

That's all right, said the priest.  I wanted to know what Freight was
too.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"


Objectivity is to a newspaper what virtue is to a woman.
		-- Joseph Pulitzer


Pandora's Rule:
	Never open a box you didn't close.


Without love intelligence is dangerous;
without intelligence love is not enough.
		-- Ashley Montagu


But has any little atom,
	While a-sittin' and a-splittin',
Ever stopped to think or CARE
	That E = m c**2 ?


Screw up your courage!  You've screwed up everything else.


It is better to have loved a short man than never to have loved a tall.


Children are like cats, they can tell when you don't like
them.  That's when they come over and violate your body space.


Just yesterday morning, they let me know you were gone,
Suzanne, the plans they made put an end to you,
I went out this morning and I wrote down this song,
Just can't remember who to send it to...

Oh, I've seen fire and I've seen rain,
I've seen sunny days that I thought would never end,
I've seen lonely times when I could not find a friend,
But I always thought that I'd see you again.
Thought I'd see you one more time again.
		-- James Taylor, "Fire and Rain"


BAD CRAZINESS, MAN!!!


It will be advantageous to cross the great stream ... the Dragon is on
the wing in the Sky ... the Great Man rouses himself to his Work.


Q:	Why don't Scotsmen ever have coffee the way they like it?
A:	Well, they like it with two lumps of sugar.  If they drink
	it at home, they only take one, and if they drink it while
	visiting, they always take three.


Condoms are the feminists' revenge on men for diaphragms.
		-- Robin Williams


If at first you don't succeed, you must be a programmer.


Never look up when dragons fly overhead.


You look like a million dollars.  All green and wrinkled.


The man who said "A bird in the hand's worth two in the bush" has been
putting his bird in the *WRONG* bushes.


Logic is a little bird, sitting in a tree; that smells *_a_w_f_u_l*.


Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness consists in
the ability to stick to one thing till it gets there.
		-- Josh Billings


If we don't survive, we don't do anything else.
		-- John Sinclair


Eureka!
		-- Archimedes


On the night before her family moved from Kansas to California, the little
girl knelt by her bed to say her prayers.  "God bless Mommy and Daddy and
Keith and Kim," she said.  As she began to get up, she quickly added, "Oh,
and God, this is goodbye.  We're moving to Hollywood."


My problem lies in reconciling my gross habits with my net income.
		-- Errol Flynn

Any man who has $10,000 left when he dies is a failure.
		-- Errol Flynn


All jobs should be open to everybody, unless they actually require a
penis or a vagina.
		-- Florynce Kennedy

There are really not many jobs that actually require a penis
or a vagina, and all other occupations should be open to everyone.
		-- Gloria Steinem


QOTD:
	"I say, and without apology, hang the bitch."


	Are you a Young Urban Professional Woman?  If so, you know how
Yuppie women are; cold, ruthless bitches with no time for love, and only
an occasional weekend for sex.  Your one "hot date" with Joe Fastrack,
rising corporate star, ended in disaster.  Yesterday you heard him telling
a friend over lunch, "The woman must masturbate with popsicles!"  Well,
all is not lost!  SofSqueeze can change your nickname to Electrolux in just
15 minutes a day!
	SofSqueeze is a pressure sensitive device (divided into appropriate
sections) that plugs into the serial port of most home computers.  Through
the magic of biofeedback, SofSqueeze teaches you control over your vaginal
muscles.  With our exciting, easy-to-follow software you'll master the
"Cincinnati Squeeze", the "Irresistible", the "California Crusher", and,
of course, the perennial favorite, "Milking Time Down on the Farm".  Or,
using our exclusive Interactive Mode, invent your own!
	SofSqueeze is made of sturdy ABS plastic, and is completely
immersible for easy cleaning.  SofSqueeze's flesh-toned exterior is finely
textured for a realistic effect.  Requires 4K RAM, a DB25 serial port and
limited graphics capability.  Comes fully assembled, with 4 AA batteries.


If you hands are clean and your cause is just
and your demands are reasonable, at least it's a start.


Campus sidewalks never exist as the straightest line between two
points.
		-- M. M. Johnston


Save a mouse, eat a pussy!


Santa Claus wears a red suit
He's a Communist.

He has long hair and a beard
Must be a pacifist.

And what's in the pipe that he's smoking?

Santa Claus comes in your house at night.
He must be a dope fiend to get you up tight.

Why do police guys beat on peace guys?
		-- Arlo Guthrie, "The Pause of Mr. Claus"


You may be right, I may be crazy,
But maybe it's a lunatic you're looking for?
		-- Billy Joel


When I was younger, I could remember anything, whether it had happened
or not; but my faculties are decaying now and soon I shall be so I cannot
remember any but the things that never happened.  It is sad to go to
pieces like this but we all have to do it.
		-- Mark Twain


Share and enjoy, share and enjoy.
Journey through life with a plastic boy or girl by your side.
Let your pal be your guide.
And when it breaks down or starts to annoy,
	or grinds when it moves and gives you no joy,
	'cause it digs up your hat,
	or has sex with your cat,
	sprays oil on your wall or rips off your door,
	and you get to the point you can't stand any more.
Bring it to us, we won't give a shit.
We'll tell you: "Go stick your head in a pig".


There's a handsome boy who tells me how I've changed his past.  He buys me
a brandy...  Could it be he's really just after my ass?
		-- Pete Townshend, "How Many Friends"


Behind every great computer sits a skinny little geek.


Tomorrow, this will be part of the unchangeable past
but fortunately, it can still be changed today.


Ralph:	Lisa, you have no tits and an awful tight pussy.
Lisa:	Ralph... get off my back!!


Rattling around the back of my head is a disturbing image of something I
saw at the airport...  Now I'm remembering, those giant piles of computer
magazines right next to "People" and "Time" in the airport store.  Does it
bother anyone else that half the world is being told all of our hard-won
secrets of computer technology?  Remember how all the lawyers cried foul
when "How to Avoid Probate" was published?  Are they taking no-fault
insurance lying down?  No way!  But at the current rate it won't be long
before there are stacks of the "Transactions on Information Theory" at the
A&P checkout counters.  Who's going to be impressed with us electrical
engineers then?  Are we, as the saying goes, giving away the store?
		-- Robert W. Lucky, IEEE president


Driving through a Swiss city one day, Alfred Hitchcock suddenly pointed out
of the car window and said, "That is the most frightening sight I have ever
seen."  His companion was surprised to see nothing more alarming than a
priest in conversation with a little boy, his hand on the child's shoulder.
"Run, little boy," cried Hitchcock, leaning out of the car.  "Run for your
life!"


[From an announcement of a congress of the International Ontopsychology
Association, in Rome]:

The Ontopsychological school, availing itself of new research criteria
and of a new telematic epistemology, maintains that social modes do not
spring from dialectics of territory or of class, or of consumer goods,
or of means of power, but rather from dynamic latencies capillarized in
millions of individuals in system functions which, once they have
reached the event maturation, burst forth in catastrophic phenomenology
engaging a suitable stereotype protagonist or duty marionette (general,
president, political party, etc.) to consummate the act of social
schizophrenia in mass genocide.


You can't play your friends like marks, kid.
		-- Henry Gondorf, "The Sting"


Keep the number of passes in a compiler to a minimum.
		-- D. Gries


They can't stop us... we're on a mission from God!
		-- The Blues Brothers


QOTD:
	"He's on the same bus, but he's sure as hell got a different
	ticket."


Brace yourselves.  We're about to try something that borders on the
unique: an actually rather serious technical book which is not only
(gasp) vehemently anti-Solemn, but also (shudder) takes sides.  I tend
to think of it as `Constructive Snottiness.'
		-- Mike Padlipsky, Foreword to "Elements of Networking
		   Style"


Cover your stump before you hump.
Before you attack her, wrap your wacker.
Don't be silly... protect your Willie.
Wrap it in foil before checking her oil.
If you're not going to sack it, go home and wack it.
		-- National Condom Week


The bone-chilling scream split the warm summer night in two, the first
half being before the scream when it was fairly balmy and calm and
pleasant, the second half still balmy and quite pleasant for those who
hadn't heard the scream at all, but not calm or balmy or even very nice
for those who did hear the scream, discounting the little period of time
during the actual scream itself when your ears might have been hearing it
but your brain wasn't reacting yet to let you know.
		-- Winning sentence, 1986 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest


He hath eaten me out of house and home.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


Try to divide your time evenly to keep others happy.


Any problem in computer science can be solved with another layer
of indirection.
		-- David Wheeler


Simplicity does not precede complexity, but follows it.


How come everyone's going so slow if it's called rush hour?


	There once was this swami who lived above a delicatessen.  Seems one
day he decided to stop in downstairs for some fresh liver.  Well, the owner
of the deli was a bit of a cheap-skate, and decided to pick up a little extra
change at his customer's expense.  Turning quietly to the counterman, he
whispered, "Weigh down upon the swami's liver!"


Fortune's Office Door Sign of the Week:

	Incorrigible punster -- Do not incorrige.


