I think she must have been very strictly brought up, she's so
desperately anxious to do the wrong thing correctly.
		-- H. H. Munro, a.k.a. Saki, "Reginald on Worries"


Deliberate provocation of mystical experience, particularly by LSD and
related hallucinogens, in contrast to spontaneous visionary experiences,
entails dangers that must not be underestimated.  Practitioners must take
into account the peculiar effects of these substances, namely their ability
to influence our consciousness, the innermost essence of our being.  The
history of LSD to date amply demonstrates the catastrophic consequences that
can ensue when its profound effect is misjudged and the substance is mistaken
for a pleasure drug.  Special internal and external advance preparations
are required; with them, an LSD experiment can become a meaningful experience.
		-- Dr. Albert Hoffman, the discoverer of LSD

I believe that if people would learn to use LSD's vision-inducing capability
more wisely, under suitable conditions, in medical practice and in conjunction
with meditation, then in the future this problem child could become a wonder
child.
		-- Dr. Albert Hoffman


Microwaves frizz your heir.


Herth's Law:
	He who turns the other cheek too far gets it in the neck.


But in our enthusiasm, we could not resist a radical overhaul of the
system, in which all of its major weaknesses have been exposed,
analyzed, and replaced with new weaknesses.
		-- Bruce Leverett,
		   "Register Allocation in Optimizing Compilers"


American business long ago gave up on demanding that prospective
employees be honest and hardworking.  It has even stopped hoping for
employees who are educated enough that they can tell the difference
between the men's room and the women's room without having little
pictures on the doors.
		-- Dave Barry, "Urine Trouble, Mister"


Over the years, I've developed my sense of deja vu so acutely that now
I can remember things that *have* happened before ...


Women's Libbers are OK.  I just wouldn't want my sister to marry one.


Old age is the harbor of all ills.
		-- Bion


Research is to see what everybody else has seen,
and think what nobody else has thought.


Original thought is like original sin: both happened before you were born
to people you could not have possibly met.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


Claude believed that only smart attractive people had the right to
fuck, and it sincerely hurt him when he discovered evidence to the
contrary.
		-- Tom Robbins


But in our enthusiasm, we could not resist a radical overhaul of the
system, in which all of its major weaknesses have been exposed,
analyzed, and replaced with new weaknesses.
		-- Bruce Leverett,
		   "Register Allocation in Optimizing Compilers"


Sex is a natural bodily process, like a stroke.


The average, healthy, well-adjusted adult gets up at seven-thirty in
the morning feeling just terrible.
		-- Jean Kerr


Oh what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to conceive.
		-- Don Herold


I had never been too political, but I knew how white people treated black
people and it was hard for me to come back to the bullshit white people
put a black person through in this country.  To realize you don't have any
power to make things different is a bitch.
		-- Miles Davis


Hard reality has a way of cramping your style.
		-- Daniel Dennett


Ignisecond, n.:
	The overlapping moment of time when the hand is locking the car
	door even as the brain is saying, "my keys are in there!"
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Any president should have the right to shoot
at least two people a year without explanation.
		-- Herbert Hoover, discussing the press


It is common sense to take a method and try it.  If it fails,
admit it frankly and try another.  But above all, try something.
		-- Franklin D. Roosevelt


Matter cannot be created or destroyed,
nor can it be returned without a receipt.


The ideal voice for radio may be defined as showing no substance,
no sex, no owner, and a message of importance for every housewife.
		-- Harry V. Wade


Nature abhors a virgin -- a frozen asset.
		-- Clare Booth Luce


We only acknowledge small faults in order
to make it appear that we are free from great ones.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


It is not the critic who counts, or how the strong man stumbled, or whether
the doer of deeds could have done them better.  The credit belongs to the
man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and
blood, who strives valiantly, who errs and comes short again and again; who
knows the great enthusiasm, the great devotion, and who spends himself in a
worthy cause, and if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that
he'll never be with those cold and timid souls who never know either victory
or defeat.
		-- Teddy Roosevelt


Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder.


Ask not for whom the telephone bell tolls ...
if thou art in the bathtub, it tolls for thee.


	Harry, a golfing enthusiast if there ever was one, arrived home
from the club to an irate, ranting wife.
	"I'm leaving you, Harry," his wife announced bitterly.  "You
promised me faithfully that you'd be back before six and here it is almost
nine.  It just can't take that long to play 18 holes of golf."
	"Honey, wait," said Harry.  "Let me explain.  I know what I promised
you, but I have a very good reason for being late.  Fred and I tee'd off
right on time and everything was fine for the first three holes.  Then, on
the fourth tee Fred had a stroke.  I ran back to the clubhouse but couldn't
find a doctor.  And, by the time I got back to Fred, he was dead.  So, for
the next 15 holes, it was hit the ball, drag Fred, hit the ball, drag Fred...


My mother drinks to forget she drinks.
		-- Crazy Jimmy


Graduate students and most professors are
no smarter than undergrads.  They're just older.


Time goes, you say?
Ah no!
Time stays, *we* go.
		-- Austin Dobson


Marriage is like twirling a baton, turning handsprings, or eating with
chopsticks.  It looks easy until you try it.


Alex Haley was adopted!


If it were not for the presents, an elopement would be preferable.
		-- George Ade, "Forty Modern Fables"


The use of anthropomorphic terminology when dealing with computing systems
is a symptom of professional immaturity.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


Look, we play the Star Spangled Banner before every game.  You want us
to pay income taxes, too?
		-- Bill Veeck, Chicago White Sox


Might as well be frank, monsieur.  It would take a miracle to
get you out of Casablanca and the Germans have outlawed miracles.
		-- Signor Ferrari, "Casablanca" (1942)


Support Bingo, keep Grandma off the streets.


I need another lawyer like I need another hole in my head.
		-- Fratianno


Oh no my dear, I'm a very good man.  I'm just a very bad wizard.
		-- Frank Morgan as The Wizard, "The Wizard of Oz"


Everything is possible.  Pass the word.
		-- Rita Mae Brown, "Six of One"


I profoundly believe it takes a lot of practice to become a moral slob.
		-- William F. Buckley


The shortest distance between any two puns is a straight line.


Quite frankly, I don't like you humans.
After what you all have done, I find being "inhuman" a compliment.


There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly
what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly
disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and
inexplicable.

There is another theory which states that this has already happened.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the End of the Universe"


Lieberman's Law:
	Everybody lies, but it doesn't matter since nobody listens.


A diplomatic husband said to his wife, "How do you expect me to remember
your birthday when you never look any older?"


Rudin's Law:
	If there is a wrong way to do something, most people will
	do it every time.

Rudin's Second Law:
	In a crisis that forces a choice to be made among alternative
	courses of action, people tend to choose the worst possible
	course.


A certain monk had a habit of pestering the Grand Tortue (the only one who
had ever reached the Enlightenment 'Yond Enlightenment), by asking whether
various objects had Buddha-nature or not.  To such a question Tortue
invariably sat silent.  The monk had already asked about a bean, a lake,
and a moonlit night.  One day he brought to Tortue a piece of string, and
asked the same question.  In reply, the Grand Tortue grasped the loop
between his feet and, with a few simple manipulations, created a complex
string which he proffered wordlessly to the monk.  At that moment, the monk
was enlightened.

From then on, the monk did not bother Tortue.  Instead, he made string after
string by Tortue's method; and he passed the method on to his own disciples,
who passed it on to theirs.


The world is coming to an end!
Repent and return those library books!


What this department needs is a really good inflatable doll.


Peanut Blossoms

4 cups sugar		16 tbsp. milk
4 cups brown sugar	4 tsp. vanilla
4 cups shortening	14 cups flour
8 eggs			4 tsp. soda
4 cups peanut butter	4 tsp. salt

Shape dough into balls. Roll in sugar and bake on ungreased
cookie sheet at 375 F. for 10-12 minutes.  Immediately top
each cookie with a Hershey's kiss or star pressing down firmly
to crack cookie.  Makes a hell of a lot.


The clash of ideas is the sound of freedom.


Hear that...
	the Pope's next pronouncement on birth control is to be titled
	"Paul's Epistle to the Fallopians"?


The Official Colorado State Vegetable is now the "state legislator".


A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the word you first
thought of.
		-- Burt Bacharach


I went to the hardware store and bought some used paint.  It was in
the shape of a house.  I also bought some batteries, but they weren't
included.
		-- Steven Wright


%DCL-E-MEMBAD, bad memory
-SYSTEM-F-VMSPDGERS, pudding between the ears


When I was younger, I could remember anything, whether it had happened
or not; but my faculties are decaying now and soon I shall be so I cannot
remember any but the things that never happened.  It is sad to go to
pieces like this but we all have to do it.
		-- Mark Twain


A woman is driving down the street, her ten-year-old daughter belted into
the passenger seat.  The daughter asks "Mommy, how old are you?"
	The mother says "That's a personal question. It's not nice to ask
people personal questions."
	The daughter thinks a while, then asks "Mommy, how much do you weigh?"
	The mother replies "That's a personal question too.  I'm not going
to tell you."
	Chastised, the daughter asks no more questions.  The mother parks the
car. "I'm going to see Mrs. Tristan for a couple of minutes.  You stay here in
the car and watch my purse."
	After the mother leaves, the daughter removes her mother's driver's
license from the purse, studies it for a few minutes and replaces it.  When
her mother returns they drive off.  The little girl comments:
	"Mommy, I know how old you are.  You're 32."
	"That's right!  How did you know?"
	"And you weigh 119 pounds."
	"Did you look in my purse?"
	"And I know why you and Daddy divorced."
	"You *do*?"
	"Yes," said the daughter. "Because you flunked sex!"


What, still alive at twenty-two,
A clean upstanding chap like you?
Sure, if your throat 'tis hard to slit,
Slit your girl's, and swing for it.
Like enough, you won't be glad,
When they come to hang you, lad:
But bacon's not the only thing
That's cured by hanging from a string.
So, when the spilt ink of the night
Spreads o'er the blotting pad of light,
Lads whose job is still to do
Shall whet their knives, and think of you.
		-- Hugh Kingsmill


