Write a wise saying and your name will live forever.
		-- Anonymous


Whom the gods wish to destroy they first call promising.


When among apes, one must play the ape.


Alcohol, hashish, prussic acid, strychnine are weak dilutions.
The surest poison is time.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Society and Solitude"


69 + 69 = dinner for 4.


Of all things man is the measure.
		-- Protagoras


The qotc (quote of the con) was Liz's:
	"My brain is paged out to my liver"


In California they don't throw their garbage away -- they make
it into television shows.
		-- Woody Allen, "Annie Hall"


Be circumspect in your liaisons with women.  It is better
to be seen at the opera with a man than at mass with a woman.
		-- De Maintenon


Morris left for a two-day business trip to Chicago.  He was only a few
blocks from his house, when he realized that he had left the airplane
tickets on his bureau top.  He returned and quietly entered the house.
His wife, in her skimpiest negligee, was standing at the sink washing
the breakfast dishes.  She looked so inviting that he tiptoed up behind
her, reached out, and squeezed her breast.
	"Leave only one quart of milk," she said. "Morris won't be here
for breakfast tomorrow."


No television performance takes as much preparation as an off-the-cuff talk.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


The advantage of being celibate is that when one sees a pretty girl one
does not need to grieve over having an ugly one back home.
		-- Paul Leautaud, "Propos dun jour"


He was a fiddler, and consequently a rogue.
		-- Jonathan Swift


Can anything be sadder than work left unfinished?
Yes, work never begun.


What a man enjoys most about a woman's clothes are his fantasies of how
she would look without them.
		-- Brendan Francis


I distrust a man who says when.  If he's got to be careful not to drink
too much, it's because he's not to be trusted when he does.
		-- Sidney Greenstreet, "The Maltese Falcon"


Blutarsky's Axiom:
	Nothing is impossible for the man who will not listen to reason.


Smoking is, as far as I'm concerned, the entire point of being an adult.
		-- Fran Lebowitz


	WARNING TO ALL PERSONNEL:

Firings will continue until morale improves.


Our OS who art in CPU, UNIX be thy name.
Thy programs run, thy syscalls done,
In kernel as it is in user.


Are we not men?


I think the Mormon prophet
Was a very funny man.
I wonder how his wives enjoyed
His Prophet Sharing Plan.


What is this line of duty, and suffering?  You are not supposed to suffer
if you are an assassin.  The other person is supposed to suffer.
		-- Chiun, glory of the name of Sinanju, teacher of the youth
		   from outside Sinanju named Remo.


Sears has everything.


In Pocataligo, Georgia, it is a violation for a woman over 200 pounds
and attired in shorts to pilot or ride in an airplane.


Ten years of rejection slips is nature's
way of telling you to stop writing.
		-- R. Geis


While having never invented a sin,
I'm trying to perfect several.


Q:	What does friendship among Soviet nationalities mean?
A:	It means that the Armenians take the Russians by the hand; the
	Russians take the Ukrainians by the hand; the Ukrainians take
	the Uzbeks by the hand; and they all go and beat up the Jews.


I'm a lover not a dancer!
I'm a lover not a dancer!
Don't want to be on my feet,
When I can be on my back,
Don't want to be on the floor,
When I can be in the sack!
I'm a lover not a dancer!
I'm a lover not a dancer!
I'm just a little bit tired
If you know what I mean,
Don't want to be in a crowd
When I can be in a dream!
I'm a lover not a dancer!
Baby!
And, baby, let me prove it to you,
Baby, let me prove it to you!
		-- Jim Steinman, "Dance in my Pants"


There is no doubt that my lawyer is honest.  For example, when he
filed his income tax return last year, he declared half of his salary
as "unearned income."
		-- Michael Lara


You have all eternity to be cautious in when you're dead.
		-- Lois Platford


Every harlot was a virgin once.
		-- William Blake


Like you, I am frequently haunted by profound questions related to man's
place in the Scheme of Things.  Here are just a few:

	Q -- Is there life after death?
	A -- Definitely.  I speak from personal experience here.  On New
Year's Eve, 1970, I drank a full pitcher of a drink called "Black Russian",
then crawled out on the lawn and died within a matter of minutes, which was
fine with me because I had come to realize that if I had lived I would have
spent the rest of my life in the grip of the most excruciatingly painful
headache.  Thanks to the miracle of modern orange juice, I was brought back
to life several days later, but in the interim I was definitely dead.  I
guess my main impression of the afterlife is that it isn't so bad as long
as you keep the television turned down and don't try to eat any solid foods.
		-- Dave Barry


Frankly, Scarlett, I don't have a fix.
		-- Rhett Buggler


By protracting life, we do not deduct one jot from the duration of death.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


To announce that there must be no criticism of the president, or that we are
to stand by the president right or wrong, is not only unpatriotic and
servile, but is morally treasonable to the American public."
		-- Theodore Roosevelt


The cruelest of creatures' the crab
With claws that can pinch you or stab,
	And then when you dine
	On crab and white wine
It gets you as well with the tab.


Seems like there were these two dogs in a vet's waiting room, each eyeing
the other suspiciously.  One of them turns to the other.
	"What are you here for?" he asks.
	"Well," replies the other, "I was feeling really bad the other day,
and Master's six year old son started bothering me. I tried to ignore it,
but I was feeling so rotten that I bit his hand."
	"Yeah, I now what you mean.  So, what are you here for?"
	"Erm ... well ... Master reckons that I'm too vicious, so I'm going
to be ... you know ... I'm going to have the *operation*."
	"Oh.  Well, I'm sorry," sympathized the first dog.
	Time passed. The about-to-be-neutered dog coughed politely.
	"So," he asked, "What are you in here for?"
	"Oh, nothing really," the other replied, embarrassed.
	"Go on, I told you, it *can't* be as bad!"
	"OK.  Well, it's like this.  The bitch next door was in heat, and so
I was feeling, you know, a bit randy.  Then Mistress came into the kitchen
wearing a short skirt and no underwear, and she bent over.  I just couldn't
resist it!" admitted the dog.
	"Oh!  So you're here for the operation too!"
	"No," came the reply, "I'm here to have my nails clipped!"


I bet you have fun chasing the soap around the bathtub.
		-- Princess Diana, to a one-armed war veteran during
		   a visit to a London veterans hospital


There are two ways of disliking art.
One is to dislike it.
The other is to like it rationally.
		-- Oscar Wilde


He who lives without folly is less wise than he believes.


Sam Lefkovitz is having an intimate party to celebrate his thirty
immensely profitable years in the construction business.
	"You know," he laments to his friends, "over the years I have
constructed dozens of enormous projects in and around this city, but
am I known as Sam the Builder?  No.
	And over the years I have contributed literally millions of
dollars to charitable causes of one sort or another, but am I called
Sam the Philanthropist?  No sir!
	But suck one little cock..."


You can't cheat an honest man, never give
a sucker an even break or smarten up a chump.
		-- W. C. Fields


When a girl admits she's had a checkered career, it's your move.


Bugs, pl. n.:
	Small living things that small living boys throw on small
	living girls.


Noise proves nothing.  Often a hen who has
merely laid an egg cackles as if she laid an asteroid.
		-- Mark Twain


The only thing faster than the speed of light is shit flowing downhill.
		-- Mike O'Dell


	A circus foreman was making the rounds inspecting the big top when
a scrawny little man entered the tent and walked up to him.  "Are you the
foreman around here?" he asked timidly.  "I'd like to join your circus; I
have what I think is a pretty good act."
	The foreman nodded assent, whereupon the little man hurried over to
the main pole and rapidly climbed up to the very tip-top of the big top.
Drawing a deep breath, he hurled himself off into the air and began flapping
his arms furiously.  Amazingly, rather than plummeting to his death the little
man began to fly all around the poles, lines, trapezes and other obstacles,
performing astounding feats of aerobatics which ended in a long power dive
from the top of the tent, pulling up into a gentle feet-first landing beside
the foreman, who had been nonchalantly watching the whole time.
	"Well," puffed the little man.  "What do you think?"
	"That's all you do?" answered the foreman scornfully.  "Bird
imitations?"


When childhood dies, its corpses are called adults.
		-- Brian Aldiss


	A man met a beautiful young woman in a bar.  They got along well,
shared dinner, and had a marvelous evening.  When he left her, he told her
that he had really enjoyed their time together, and hoped to see her again,
soon.  Smiling yes, she gave him her phone number.
	The next day, he called her up and asked her to go dancing.  She
agreed.  As they talked, he jokingly asked her what her favorite flower was.
Realizing his intentions, she told him that he shouldn't bring her flowers
-- if he wanted to bring her a gift, well, he should bring her a Swiss Army
knife!
	Surprised, and not a little intrigued, he spent a large part of the
afternoon finding a particularly unusual one.  Arriving at her apartment
he immediately presented her with the knife.  She ooohed and ahhhed over it
for a minute, and then carefully placed it in a drawer, that the man couldn't
help but see was full of Swiss Army knives.
	Surprised, he asked her why she had collected so many.
	"Well, I'm young and attractive now", blushed the woman, "but that
won't always be true.  And boy scouts will do anything for a Swiss Army knife!"


I think she must have been very strictly brought up, she's so
desperately anxious to do the wrong thing correctly.
		-- H. H. Munro, a.k.a. Saki, "Reginald on Worries"


Said a modest young miss to de Sade,
I'm simply too shy and afraid
	To take part in your pranks.
	But to show you my thanks,
I'd just love to become your first aide.


You will live to see your grandchildren.


No man is an Iland, intire of it selfe; every man is a peece of the
Continent, a part of the maine; if a Clod bee washed away by the Sea,
Europe is the lesse, as well as if a Promontorie were, as well as if
a Mannor of thy friends or of thine owne were; any mans death diminishes
me, because I am involved in Mankinde; And therefore never send to know
for whom the bell tolls; It tolls for thee.
		-- John Donne, "No Man is an Iland"


But I find the old notions somehow appealing.  Not that I want to go
back to them -- it is outrageous to have some outer authority tell you
what is proper use and abuse of your own faculties, and it is ludicrous
to hold reason higher than body or feeling.  Still there is something
true and profoundly sane about the belief that acts like murder or
theft or assault violate the doer as well as the done to.  We might
even, if we thought this way, have less crime.  The popular view of
crime, as far as I can deduce it from the movies and television, is
that it is a breaking of a rule by someone who thinks they can get away
with that; implicitly, everyone would like to break the rule, but not
everyone is arrogant enough to imagine they can get away with it.  It
therefore becomes very important for the rule upholders to bring such
arrogance down.
		-- Marilyn French, "The Woman's Room"


Politicians speak for their parties, and parties never are, never have
been, and never will be wrong.
		-- Walter Dwight


In a medium in which a News Piece takes a minute and an "In-Depth"
Piece takes two minutes, the Simple will drive out the Complex.
		-- Frank Mankiewicz


Q:	How can you tell if an elephant is sitting on your back
	in a hurricane?
A:	You can hear his ears flapping in the wind.


INTEREST:
	What borrowers pay, lenders receive, stockholders own, and
	burned out employees must feign.


A king's castle is his home.


Q:	Do you know what the death rate around here is?
A:	One per person.


Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.


Sacher's Observation:
	Some people grow with responsibility -- others merely swell.


Romeo wasn't bilked in a day.
		-- Walt Kelly, "Ten Ever-Lovin' Blue-Eyed Years With
		   Pogo"


Don't get stuck in a closet -- wear yourself out.


The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away.
Indian Giver be the name of the Lord.


			Pittsburgh driver's test
10: Potholes are
	a) extremely dangerous.
	b) patriotic.
	c) the fault of the previous administration.
	d) all going to be fixed next summer.
The correct answer is b.
Potholes destroy unpatriotic, unamerican, imported cars, since the holes
are larger than the cars.  If you drive a big, patriotic, American car
you have nothing to worry about.


None love the bearer of bad news.
		-- Sophocles


The strong individual loves the earth so much he lusts for recurrence.  He
can smile in the face of the most terrible thought: meaningless, aimless
existence recurring eternally.  The second characteristic of such a man is
that he has the strength to recognize -- and to live with the recognition --
that the world is valueless in itself and that all values are human ones.
He creates himself by fashioning his own values; he has the pride to live
by the values he wills.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


If I had done everything I'm credited with, I'd be speaking to you from
a laboratory jar at Harvard.
		-- Frank Sinatra

AS USUAL, YOUR INFORMATION STINKS.
		-- Frank Sinatra, telegram to "Time" magazine


Factorials were someone's attempt to make math LOOK exciting.


Diplomacy is the art of saying "nice doggie" until you can find a rock.
		-- Wynn Catlin


How much does it cost to entice a dope-smoking UNIX system guru to
Dayton?
		-- Brian Boyle, UNIX/WORLD's First Annual Salary Survey


TOTD (T-shirt Of The Day):
	I'm the person your mother warned you about.


"Art" is the ability to separate the significant from the insignificant.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


If someone had told me I would be Pope
one day, I would have studied harder.
		-- Pope John Paul I


Did you know that the voice tapes easily identify the Russian pilot
that shot down the Korean jet?  At one point he definitely states:

	"Natasha!  First we shoot jet, then we go after moose and
	squirrel."

		-- ihuxw!tommyo


You can observe a lot just by watching.
		-- Yogi Berra


Bend over and take it like a man!


Today is gonna be one helluva week!


	"Is there any point to which you would wish to draw my attention?"
	"To the curious incident of the dog in the night-time."
	"The dog did nothing in the night-time."
	"That was the curious incident," remarked Sherlock Holmes.


Paranoids are people, too; they have their own problems.  It's easy
to criticize, but if everybody hated you, you'd be paranoid too.
		-- D. J. Hicks


sillema sillema nika su
[translation: look it up...hint-fin]


Only two groups of people fall for flattery -- men and women.


Sometimes guys'll say to you, "Have a good one."  I say, "I already have
a good one.  Now I'm looking for a longer one."
		-- George Carlin


Did you know that some people your age have sex
thirty-seven times in a week?  And die immediately after?


Whenever you find that you are on the
side of the majority, it is time to reform.
		-- Mark Twain


I shall give a propagandist reason for starting the war, no matter whether
it is plausible or not.  The victor will not be asked afterwards whether
he told the truth or not.  When starting and waging war it is not right
that matters, but victory.
		-- Adolf Hitler


Put your Nose to the Grindstone!
		-- Amalgamated Plastic Surgeons and Toolmakers, Ltd.


	On the occasion of Nero's 25th birthday, he arrived at the Colosseum
to find that the Praetorian Guard had prepared a treat for him in the arena.
There stood 25 naked virgins, like candles on a cake, tied to poles, burning
alive.  "Wonderful!" exclaimed the deranged emperor, "but one of them isn't
dead yet.  I can see her lips moving.  Go quickly and find out what she is
saying."
	The centurion saluted, and hurried out to the virgin, getting as near
the flames as he dared, and listened intently.  Then he turned and ran back
to the imperial box.  "She is not talking," he reported to Nero, "she is
singing."
	"Singing?" said the astounded emperor.  "Singing what?"
	"Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you..."


Psychoanalysis is that mental illness for which it regards itself
a therapy.
		-- Karl Kraus

Psychiatry is the care of the id by the odd.

Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you.
		-- Carl G. Jung


Manual, n.:
	A unit of documentation.  There are always three or more on a given
	item.  One is on the shelf; someone has the others.  The information
	you need is in the others.
		-- Ray Simard


AQUARIUS (Jan 20 - Feb 18)
	You have an inventive mind and are inclined to be progressive.
	You lie a great deal.  On the other hand, you are inclined to be
	careless and impractical, causing you to make the same mistakes over
	and over again.  People think you are stupid.


Clovis' Consideration of an Atmospheric Anomaly:
	The perversity of nature is nowhere better demonstrated
	than by the fact that, when exposed to the same atmosphere,
	bread becomes hard while crackers become soft.


If there really was a Jewish conspiracy to run the world, my rabbi would
have let me in on it by now.  I contribute enough to the shule.
		-- Saul Goodman


I've given up reading books; I find it takes my mind off myself.


When Marriage is Outlawed,
Only Outlaws will have Inlaws.


Very few things happen at the right time, and the rest do not happen
at all.  The conscientious historian will correct these defects.
		-- Herodotus


Japan, n.:
	A fictional place where elves, gnomes and economic imperialists
	create electronic equipment and computers using black magic.  It
	is said that in the capital city of Akihabara, the streets are
	paved with gold and semiconductor chips grow on low bushes from
	which they are harvested by the happy natives.


The young Georgia miss came to the hospital for a checkup.
	"Have you been X-rayed?" asked the doctor.
	"Nope," she said, "but ah've been ultraviolated."


I would like to know
What I was fencing in
And what I was fencing out.
		-- Robert Frost


				UNIX Trix

For those of you in the reseller business, here is a helpful tip that will
save your support staff a few hours of precious time.  Before you send your
next machine out to an untrained client, change the permissions on /etc/passwd
to 666 and make sure there is a copy somewhere on the disk.  Now when they
forget the root password, you can easily login as an ordinary user and correct
the damage.  Having a bootable tape (for larger machines) is not a bad idea
either.  If you need some help, give us a call.

		-- CommUNIXque 1:1, ASCAR Business Systems


May all your Emus lay soft boiled eggs, and may all your
Kangaroos be born with iPods already fitted.
		-- Aussie New Years wish, found on hasselbladinfo.com


Any program which runs right is obsolete.


Cleveland still lives.  God MUST be dead.


