The honeymoon is over when a quickie before dinner refers to a short drink.


Sometimes the best medicine is to stop taking something.


My girlfriend and I sure had a good time at the beach last summer.  First
she'd bury me in the sand, then I'd bury her.  This summer I'm going to go
back and dig her up.


We don't need no indirection		We don't need no compilation
We don't need no flow control		We don't need no load control
No data typing or declarations		No link edit for external bindings
Hey! did you leave the lists alone?	Hey! did you leave that source alone?
Chorus:					(Chorus)
	Oh No. It's just a pure LISP function call.

We don't need no side-effecting		We don't need no allocation
We don't need no flow control		We don't need no special-nodes
No global variables for execution	No dark bit-flipping for debugging
Hey! did you leave the args alone?	Hey! did you leave those bits alone?
(Chorus)				(Chorus)
		-- "Another Glitch in the Call", a la Pink Floyd


Be frank and explicit with your lawyer ... it is his business to confuse
the issue afterwards.


100 buckets of bits on the bus
100 buckets of bits
Take one down, short it to ground
FF buckets of bits on the bus

FF buckets of bits on the bus
FF buckets of bits
Take one down, short it to ground
FE buckets of bits on the bus

ad infinitum...


If you're worried by earthquakes and nuclear war,
As well as by traffic and crime,
Consider how worry-free gophers are,
Though living on burrowed time.
		-- Richard Armour, WSJ, 11/7/83


Ignore previous fortune.


It so happens that everything that is stupid is not unconstitutional.
		-- Supreme Court Justice Antonio Scalia


Here's something to think about:  How come you never see a headline like
`Psychic Wins Lottery.'
		-- Jay Leno


I guess I've been so wrapped up in playing the game that I never took
time enough to figure out where the goal line was -- what it meant to
win -- or even how you won.
		-- Cash McCall


Fortune presents:
	USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #4.
Mia ^svebo^sipo estas plena je angiloj.	My hovercraft is full of eels.
Neniu anticipas la hispanan		No one expects the Spanish
	Inkvizicion.				Inquisition.
La solvo estas kvardekdu.		The answer is forty-two.
Adiau, kaj dankoj por ^ciom da fi^so.	So long, and thanks for all the fish.
^Cu estas krajono en via po^so, au ^cu	Is that a pencil in your pocket,
	vi feli^cas pri vidi min?		or are you happy to see me?


He who knows nothing, knows nothing.
But he who knows he knows nothing knows something.
And he who knows someone whose friend's wife's brother knows nothing,
	he knows something.  Or something like that.


DATA:
	Computerspeak for "information".  Properly pronounced
	the way Bostonians pronounce the word for a female child.


...we must not judge the society of the future by considering whether or not
we should like to live in it; the question is whether those who have grown up
in it will be happier than those who have grown up in our society or those of
the past.
		-- Joseph Wood Krutch


Every harlot was a virgin once.
		-- William Blake


Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not
tried it.
		-- Donald E. Knuth


If I had done everything I'm credited with, I'd be speaking to you from
a laboratory jar at Harvard.
		-- Frank Sinatra

AS USUAL, YOUR INFORMATION STINKS.
		-- Frank Sinatra, telegram to "Time" magazine


It is far more impressive when others discover your good qualities
without your help.
		-- Miss Manners


Here I am, fifty-eight, and I still don't know what I want to be when
I grow up.
		-- Peter Drucker


Deprive a mirror of its silver and even the Czar won't see his face.


War is peace.  Freedom is slavery.  Ketchup is a vegetable.


After two or three weeks of this madness, you begin to feel As One with
the man who said, "No news is good news."  In twenty-eight papers, only
the rarest kind of luck will turn up more than two or three articles of
any interest...  but even then the interest items are usually buried
deep around paragraph 16 on the jump (or "Cont.  on ...")  page...

The Post will have a story about Muskie making a speech in Iowa.  The
Star will say the same thing, and the Journal will say nothing at all.
But the Times might have enough room on the jump page to include a line
or so that says something like:  "When he finished his speech, Muskie
burst into tears and seized his campaign manager by the side of the
neck.  They grappled briefly, but the struggle was kicked apart by an
oriental woman who seemed to be in control."

Now that's good journalism.  Totally objective; very active and
straight to the point.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing '72"


You know you've been sitting in front of your Lisp machine too long
when you go out to the junk food machine and start wondering how to
make it give you the CADR of Item H so you can get that yummie
chocolate cupcake that's stuck behind the disgusting vanilla one.


LEO (Jul. 23 to Aug. 22)
	Your presence, poise, charm and good looks won't even help you today.
	Look over your shoulder; an ugly person may be following you.  Be on
	your toes.  Brush your teeth.  Take Geritol.


Did you know that the voice tapes easily identify the Russian pilot
that shot down the Korean jet?  At one point he definitely states:

	"Natasha!  First we shoot jet, then we go after moose and
	squirrel."

		-- ihuxw!tommyo


To say you got a vote of confidence
would be to say you needed a vote of confidence.
		-- Andrew Young


QOTD:
	"Everything I am today I owe to people, whom it is now
	too late to punish."


Got Mole problems?
Call Avogadro at 6.02 x 10^23.


The naked truth of it is, I have no shirt.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"


There are places I'll remember
All my life though some have changed.
Some forever not for better
Some have gone and some remain.
All these places had their moments
With lovers and friends I still recall.
Some are dead and some are living,
In my life I've loved them all.

But of all these friends and lovers,
There is no one compared with you,
All these memories lose their meaning
When I think of love as something new.
Though I know I'll never lose affection
For people and things that went before,
I know I'll often stop and think about them
In my life I'll love you more.
		-- Lennon/McCartney, "In My Life", 1965


Unfair animal names:

-- tsetse fly			-- bullhead
-- booby			-- duck-billed platypus
-- sapsucker			-- Clarence
		-- Gary Larson


Oppernockity tunes but once.


No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
		-- Eleanor Roosevelt


If you notice that a person is deceiving you,
they must not be deceiving you very well.


I never met a piece of chocolate I didn't like.


Things Charles Darwin did not say:

Nah, it's only a theory - I don't think it should be taught in schools.


This is the story of the bee
Whose sex is very hard to see

You cannot tell the he from the she
But she can tell, and so can he

The little bee is never still
She has no time to take the pill

And that is why, in times like these
There are so many sons of bees.


You may be recognized soon.  Hide.


Better to be nouveau than never to have been riche at all.


There is a great discovery still to be made in Literature:
that of paying literary men by the quantity they do NOT write.


Beware the one behind you.


Some of us are becoming the men we wanted to marry.
		-- Gloria Steinem


Keep on keepin' on.


Politics, as a practice, whatever its professions, has always been the
systematic organisation of hatreds.
		-- Henry Adams, "The Education of Henry Adams"


The minute a man is convinced that he is interesting, he isn't.


Christianity and Judaism aren't all that different, really.  Growing up in
a Christian family, the feeling of guilt for Man's sins comes from God.
In a Jewish family, it comes from your parents.


One expresses well the love he does not feel.
		-- J. A. Karr


He:	Am I... am I your first?
She:	Well, honey, I could have sworn your face looked familiar...


	A musical reviewer admitted he always praised the first show of a
new theatrical season.  "Who am I to stone the first cast?"


Why, Good Morning!  I'm the bluebird of fellatio!


He:	Am I... am I your first?
She:	Well, honey, I could have sworn your face looked familiar...


Advertising is the rattling of a stick inside a swill bucket.
		-- George Orwell


Eagleson's Law:
	Any code of your own that you haven't looked at for six or more
months, might as well have been written by someone else.  (Eagleson is
an optimist, the real number is more like three weeks.)


Hickory Dickory Dock,
Three mice ran up a clock!
The clock struck one,
Right in the balls!

There was an old woman,
Who lived in a shoe,
Who had so many children,
Her uterus fell right out.


Stamp out philately.


A is for awk, which runs like a snail, and
B is for biff, which reads all your mail.
C is for cc, as hackers recall, while
D is for dd, the command that does all.
E is for emacs, which rebinds your keys, and
F is for fsck, which rebuilds your trees.
G is for grep, a clever detective, while
H is for halt, which may seem defective.
I is for indent, which rarely amuses, and
J is for join, which nobody uses.
K is for kill, which makes you the boss, while
L is for lex, which is missing from DOS.
M is for more, from which less was begot, and
N is for nice, which it really is not.
O is for od, which prints out things nice, while
P is for passwd, which reads in strings twice.
Q is for quota, a Berkeley-type fable, and
R is for ranlib, for sorting ar table.
S is for spell, which attempts to belittle, while
T is for true, which does very little.
U is for uniq, which is used after sort, and
V is for vi, which is hard to abort.
W is for whoami, which tells you your name, while
X is, well, X, of dubious fame.
Y is for yes, which makes an impression, and
Z is for zcat, which handles compression.
		-- THE ABC'S OF UNIX


You go down to the pickup station,
	craving warmth and beauty;
You settle for less than fascination --
	a few drinks later you're not so choosy.
And the closing lights strip off the shadows
	on this strange new flesh you've found --
Clutching the night to you like a fig leaf
	you hurry to the blackness
	and the blankets to lay down an impression
	and your loneliness.
		-- Joni Mitchell


It wasn't exactly a divorce -- I was traded.
		-- Tim Conway


I've been on this lonely road so long,
Does anybody know where it goes,
I remember last time the signs pointed home,
A month ago.
		-- Carpenters, "Road Ode"


I have a hard time being attracted to anyone who can beat me up.
		-- John McGrath, Atlanta sportswriter, on women weightlifters


40 isn't old.  If you're a tree.


Welcome to Utah.
If you think our liquor laws are funny, you should see our underwear!


President Thieu says he'll quit if he doesn't get more than 50%
of the vote.  In a democracy, that's not called quitting.
		-- The Washington Post


VMS, n.:
	The world's foremost multi-user adventure game.


All I've got left on the list of desirable vocations is heiress to the
throne of any country in Western Europe and Laurie Anderson.  "Be
practical", was the choral reply from the dinner table.  Well, Laurie
Anderson is already Laurie Anderson, but I read an article in Harpers
that said there were eleven countries, in the world this is I think,
that have queens as sovereign rulers.  That's probably my best shot.


The mature Bohemian is one whose woman works full time.


All Gods were immortal.
		-- Stanislaw J. Lec, "Unkempt Thoughts"


Human kind cannot bear very much reality.
		-- T. S. Eliot, "Four Quartets: Burnt Norton"


Time to be aggressive.  Go after a tattooed Virgo.


Men are those creatures with two legs and eight hands.
		-- Jayne Mansfield


You will pay for your sins.
If you have already paid, please disregard this message.


Youth.  It's a wonder that anyone ever outgrows it.


God is not dead!  He's alive and autographing bibles at Cody's.


The difference between this place and yogurt
is that yogurt has a live culture.


I am not an Economist.  I am an honest man!
		-- Paul McCracken


Musing on her present and past professions as "dominant/sadomasochism
fantasy fulfiller" and dental hygienist, Sybil said, "I couldn't really
understand why I wanted to be a dental hygienist, but years later, after
being in the SM world a long time, I figured it out:  I'm in uniform,
they're not.  I'm standing up, they're lying down.  I'm doing painful
things to them for their own good.  This is so ME."
		-- The Daily Cal, September 29, 1992 In an article titled:
		   "Kinky sex remains alive and whipping despite threat
		    of AIDS, book reveals"


One day, in a bar, a young man walks in with a little dwarf about one foot
tall on his shoulder and orders a beer.  The bartender serves the man a beer;
to his astonishment, the little guy walks down the man's arm, takes a swallow
of the brew and spits it in his face.  After a few minutes the customer
orders another beer and the exact same thing happens.  Well, by this time,
the bartender is getting pretty upset; he figures that the man should take
care of the dwarf.  So he asks the guy, "Why are you letting that guy drink
all your beer and spit it in my face?"
	"Well, sir, when I was on a contract in Saudi Arabia I met this genie
and he granted me three wishes.  I asked for a million dollars, the most
beautiful woman in the world, and a twelve-inch prick.


A lie in time saves nine.


If it wasn't for the last minute, nothing would get done.


War doesn't prove who's right, just who's left.


The reason big companies have lots and lots of meetings is because
they can't masturbate.


Knowledge Engineering:

A combination of:

Engineering, n.:
	The application of science and mathematics by which the properties
of matter and the sources of energy in nature are made useful to man in
structures, machines, products, systems and processes.

and

Knowledge, n.:
	Sexual intercourse.

See also: Prostitution, Grantsmanship.


Don't cook tonight -- starve a rat today!


By necessity, by proclivity, and by delight, we all quote.
In fact, it is as difficult to appropriate the thoughts of others
as it is to invent.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
		-- Quoted from a fortune cookie program
		(whose author claims, "Actually, stealing IS easier.")
		[to which I reply, "You think it's easy for me to
		misconstrue all these misquotations?!?"  Ed.]


You can imagine my embarrassment when I killed the wrong guy.
		-- Joe Valachi


Most Texans think Hanukkah is some sort of duck call.
		-- Richard Lewis


Share, n.:
	To give in, endure humiliation.


Sexual enlightenment is justified insofar as girls cannot learn too soon
how children do not come into the world.
		-- Karl Kraus


Pryor's Observation:
	How long you live has nothing to do
	with how long you are going to be dead.


In this world, truth can wait; she's used to it.


When I was seven years old, I was once reprimanded by my mother for an act
of collective brutality in which I had been involved at school.  A group of
seven-year-olds had been teasing and tormenting a six-year-old.  "It is
always so," my mother said.  "You do things together which not one of you
would think of doing alone."  ...  Wherever one looks in the world of human
organization, collective responsibility brings a lowering of moral standards.
The military establishment is an extreme case, an organization which seems
to have been expressly designed to make it possible for people to do things
together which nobody in his right mind would do alone.
		-- Freeman Dyson, "Weapons and Hope"


He's dead, Jim.


Nothing endures but change.
		-- Heraclitus
	[Yeah, yeah, "Everything changes but change itself." --JFK Ed.]


Lawyer's Rule:
	When the law is against you, argue the facts.
	When the facts are against you, argue the law.
	When both are against you, call the other lawyer names.


One of my less pleasant chores when I was young was to read the Bible from
one end to the other.  Reading the Bible straight through is at least 70
percent discipline, like learning Latin.  But the good parts are, of course,
simply amazing.  God is an extremely uneven writer, but when He's good,
nobody can touch him.
		-- John Gardner, NYT Book Review, Jan. 1983


Reality always seems harsher in the early morning.


Hate is like acid.  It can damage the vessel in which it is
stored as well as destroy the object on which it is poured.


Patageometry, n.:
	The study of those mathematical properties that are invariant
under brain transplants.


Back in the early 60's, touch tone phones only had 10 buttons.  Some
military versions had 16, while the 12 button jobs were used only by people
who had "diva" (digital inquiry, voice answerback) systems -- mainly banks.
Since in those days, only Western Electric made "data sets" (modems) the
problems of terminology were all Bell System.  We used to struggle with
written descriptions of dial pads that were unfamiliar to most people
(most phones were rotary then.)  Partly in jest, some AT&T engineering
types (there was no marketing in the good old days, which is why they were
the good old days) made up the term "octalthorpe" (note spelling) to denote
the "pound sign."  Presumably because it has 8 points sticking out.  It
never really caught on.


If the church put in half the time on covetousness that it does on lust,
this would be a better world.
		-- Garrison Keillor, "Lake Wobegon Days"


	"The jig's up, Elman."
	"Which jig?"
		-- Jeff Elman


What is truth?  We must adopt a pragmatic definition: it is what is believed
to be the truth.  A lie that is put across therefore becomes the truth and
may, therefore, be justified.  The difficulty is to keep up lying... it is
simpler to tell the truth and if a sufficient emergency arises, to tell one,
big thumping lie that will then be believed.
		-- Ministry of Information, memo on the maintenance of
		   British civilian morale, 1939


CAPRICORN (Dec 23 - Jan 19)
	You are conservative and afraid of taking risks.  You don't do
	much of anything and are lazy.  There has never been a Capricorn
	of any importance.  Capricorns should avoid standing still for
	too long as they tend to take root and become trees.


Life should not be a journey to the grave with the intention
of arriving safely in a pretty and well preserved body, but
rather to skid in broadside, thoroughly used up, totally worn out,
and loudly proclaiming --WOW---What A RIDE!!


Brandy-and-water spoils two good things.
		-- Charles Lamb


Have a nice diurnal anomaly.


Everyone has the right, without exception, to equal pay for equal work.
Except for women.


Philosophy is to the real world as masturbation is to sex.
		-- Karl Marx


Be it our wealth, our jobs, or even our homes;
nothing is safe while the legislature is in session.


One thing I have no worry about is whether God exists.  But it has
occurred to me that God has Alzheimer's and has forgotten we exist.
		-- Jane Wagner, "The Search for Signs of Intelligent
		   Life in the Universe"


I didn't get sophisticated -- I just got tired.
But maybe that's what sophisticated is -- being tired.
		-- Rita Gain


Pryor's Observation:
	How long you live has nothing to do
	with how long you are going to be dead.


Santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate Clauses.


He thought he saw an albatross
That fluttered 'round the lamp.
He looked again and saw it was
A penny postage stamp.
"You'd best be getting home," he said,
"The nights are rather damp."


Nobody loves me,
Everybody hates me,
I think I'll go out and eat worms.
I'm gonna cut their heads off,
Eat their insides out,
And throw way the skins.
Big, fat, juicy ones,
Little, skinny, cute ones,
Watch how they wiggle and they squirm.


Do what comes naturally now.  Seethe and fume and throw a tantrum.


	"Is there any point to which you would wish to draw my attention?"
	"To the curious incident of the dog in the night-time."
	"The dog did nothing in the night-time."
	"That was the curious incident," remarked Sherlock Holmes.


There are only two kinds of tequila.  Good and better.


Frankfort, Kentucky, makes it against the law to shoot off a
policeman's tie.


For children, a woman.
For pleasure, a boy.
For sheer ecstasy, a melon.


Claret is the liquor for boys; port for men; but he who
aspires to be a hero... must drink brandy.
		-- Samuel Johnson


Swerve me?  The path to my fixed purpose is laid with iron rails,
whereon my soul is grooved to run.  Over unsounded gorges, through
the rifled hearts of mountains, under torrents' beds, unerringly
I rush!
		-- Captain Ahab, "Moby Dick"


Innocence ends when one is stripped of the delusion that one
likes oneself.
		-- Joan Didion, "On Self Respect"


I don't want to say that she had big tits, but one day I asked her
	just how big they was, and she said, "7 and 7/8".
I said, "7 and 7/8?!  What did you measure 'em with?"
And she replied, "A Stetson."


GREAT MOMENTS IN AMERICAN HISTORY (#21):  July 30, 1917

On this day, New York City hotel detectives burst in and caught then
Senator Warren G. Harding in bed with an underage girl.  He bought
them off with a $20 bribe, and later remarked thankfully, "I thought
I wouldn't get out of that under $1000!"  Always one to learn from
his mistakes, in later years President Harding carried on his affairs
in a tiny closet in the White House Cabinet Room while Secret Service
men stood lookout.


He's the kind of guy, that, well, if you were ever in a jam he'd
be there... with two slices of bread and some chunky peanut butter.


It's hard to drive at the limit, but
it's harder to know where the limits are.
		-- Stirling Moss


Seize the day, put no trust in the morrow!
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Woody: What's happening, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  The question is, Woody, why is it happening to me?
		-- Cheers, Strange Bedfellows, Part 1

Woody: What's going down, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  My cheeks on this barstool.
		-- Cheers, Strange Bedfellows, Part 2

Woody:	Hey, Mr. Peterson, can I pour you a beer?
Norm:	Well, okay, Woody, but be sure to stop me at one. ...
	Eh, make that one-thirty.
		-- Cheers, Strange Bedfellows, Part 2


I always wake up at the crack of ice.
		-- Joe E. Lewis


I don't care where I sit as long as I get fed.
		-- Calvin Trillin


Ain't nothin' an old man can do for me but
bring me a message from a young man.
		-- Moms Mabley


The Worst Prison Guards
	The largest number of convicts ever to escape simultaneously from a
maximum security prison is 124.  This record is held by Alcoente Prison,
near Lisbon in Portugal.
	During the weeks leading up to the escape in July 1978 the prison
warders had noticed that attendances had fallen at film shows which
included "The Great Escape", and also that 220 knives and a huge quantity
of electric cable had disappeared.  A guard explained, "Yes, we were
planning to look for them, but never got around to it."  The warders had
not, however, noticed the gaping holes in the wall because they were
"covered with posters".  Nor did they detect any of the spades, chisels,
water hoses and electric drills amassed by the inmates in large quantities.
The night before the breakout one guard had noticed that of the 36
prisoners in his block only 13 were present.  He said this was "normal"
because inmates sometimes missed roll-call or hid, but usually came back
the next morning.
	"We only found out about the escape at 6:30 the next morning when
one of the prisoners told us," a warder said later.  [...]  When they
eventually checked, the prison guards found that exactly half of the jail's
population was missing.  By way of explanation the Justice Minister, Dr.
Santos Pais, claimed that the escape was "normal" and part of the
"legitimate desire of the prisoner to regain his liberty."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Giles:	 What do you want?
Angelus: I want to torture you.  I used to love it, it's been a long time.
	 I mean, the last time I tortured somebody, they didn't even _H_A_V_E
	 chain saws.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Becoming, Part 2"
		   Season 2, Episode 22


Lubarsky's Law of Cybernetic Entomology:
	There's always one more bug.


Your mind is the part of you that says,
	"Why'n'tcha eat that piece of cake?"
... and then, twenty minutes later, says,
	"Y'know, if I were you, I wouldn't have done that!"
		-- Steven and Ondrea Levine


In a five year period we can get one superb programming language.
Only we can't control when the five year period will begin.


Not far from here, by a white sun, behind a green star, lived the
Steelypips, illustrious, industrious, and they hadn't a care: no spats
in their vats, no rules, no schools, no gloom, no evil influence of the
moon, no trouble from matter or antimatter -- for they had a machine, a
dream of a machine, with springs and gears and perfect in every
respect.  And they lived with it, and on it, and under it, and inside
it, for it was all they had -- first they saved up all their atoms,
then they put them all together, and if one didn't fit, why they
chipped at it a bit, and everything was just fine ...
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


You can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish.


The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard.


Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.


You will be run over by a bus.


If you have to hate, hate gently.


He used to kiss her on her lips, but it's all over now.


"Art" is the ability to separate the significant from the insignificant.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


I'm sorry if the correct way of doing things offends you.


Norm:  Gentlemen, start your taps.
		-- Cheers, The Coach's Daughter

Coach: How's life treating you, Norm?
Norm:  Like it caught me in bed with his wife.
		-- Cheers, Any Friend of Diane's

Coach: How's life, Norm?
Norm:  Not for the squeamish, Coach.
		-- Cheers, Friends, Romans, and Accountants


SHIFT TO THE LEFT!
SHIFT TO THE RIGHT!
POP UP, PUSH DOWN,
BYTE, BYTE, BYTE!


To listen to some devout people,
one would imagine that God never laughs.
		-- Sri Aurobindo


The grand leap of the whale up the Fall of Niagara is esteemed, by all
who have seen it, as one of the finest spectacles in nature.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Poor Alice who lived in Corvallis
Had heard of, but not seen, the male phallus.
	At her first sight of one
	She started to run,
And last was seen sprinting through Dallas.


When someone makes a move		We'll send them all we've got,
Of which we don't approve,		John Wayne and Randolph Scott,
Who is it that always intervenes?	Remember those exciting fighting scenes?
U.N. and O.A.S.,			To the shores of Tripoli,
They have their place, I guess,		But not to Mississippoli,
But first, send the Marines!		What do we do?  We send the Marines!

For might makes right,			Members of the corps
And till they've seen the light,	All hate the thought of war:
They've got to be protected,		They'd rather kill them off by
						peaceful means.
All their rights respected,		Stop calling it aggression--
Till somebody we like can be elected.	We hate that expression!
					We only want the world to know
					That we support the status quo;
					They love us everywhere we go,
					So when in doubt, send the Marines!
		-- Tom Lehrer, "Send The Marines"


Dealing with the problem of pure staff accumulation,
all our researches ... point to an average increase of 5.75% per year.
		-- C. N. Parkinson


As Rev. Spooner would say, you are a shining wit.


Davis' Law of Traffic Density:
	The density of rush-hour traffic is directly proportional to
	1.5 times the amount of extra time you allow to arrive on time.


A visit to a strange place will bring fresh work.


Do not try to solve all life's problems at once --
learn to dread each day as it comes.
		-- Donald Kaul


You will gain money by a fattening action.


Frankfort, Kentucky, makes it against the law to shoot off a
policeman's tie.


There are no physicists in the hottest parts of hell, because the existence
of a "hottest part" implies a temperature difference, and any marginally
competent physicist would immediately use this to run a heat engine and make
some other part of hell comfortably cool.  This is obviously impossible.
		-- Richard Davisson


I waited and waited and when no message came I knew it must be from you.


One day an elderly Jewish Pole, living in Warsaw, finds an old lamp in his
attic.  He starts to polish it and (poof!) a genie appears in a cloud of
smoke.
	"Greetings, Mortal!" exclaims the genie, stretching and yawning, "For
releasing me I will grant you three wishes."
	The old man thinks for a moment, then replies, "I want Genghis Khan
resurrected.  I want him to re-unite the Mongol hordes, march to the Polish
border, decide he doesn't want to invade, and march back home."
	"No sooner said than done!" thunders the genie.  "Your second wish?"
	"Hmmmm.  I want Genghis Khan resurrected.  I want him to re-unite the
Mongol hordes, march to the Polish border, decide he doesn't want to invade,
and march back home."
	"But...  well, all right!  Your third wish?"
	"I want Genghis Khan resurrected.  I want him to re-unite his ---"
	"OKOKOKOK!  Right.  Got it.  Why do you want Genghis Khan to march
to Poland three times and never invade?"
	The old man smiles.  "He has to pass through Russia six times."


