Musing on her present and past professions as "dominant/sadomasochism
fantasy fulfiller" and dental hygienist, Sybil said, "I couldn't really
understand why I wanted to be a dental hygienist, but years later, after
being in the SM world a long time, I figured it out:  I'm in uniform,
they're not.  I'm standing up, they're lying down.  I'm doing painful
things to them for their own good.  This is so ME."
		-- The Daily Cal, September 29, 1992 In an article titled:
		   "Kinky sex remains alive and whipping despite threat
		    of AIDS, book reveals"


If your enemy is buried in quicksand up to his neck, pull him out.
If he is buried up to his eyes, step on his head.
		-- Niccolo Machiavelli, "The Prince"


There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.


Kington's Law of Perforation:
	If a straight line of holes is made in a piece of paper, such
	as a sheet of stamps or a check, that line becomes the strongest
	part of the paper.


A man without a woman is like a fish without gills.


A conservative is a man
who believes that nothing should be done for the first time.
		-- Alfred E. Wiggam


Not every problem someone has with his girlfriend is necessarily due to
the capitalist mode of production.
		-- Herbert Marcuse


Lackland's Laws:
	1. Never be first.
	2. Never be last.
	3. Never volunteer for anything.


Newton's Fourth Law:  Every action has an equal and opposite satisfaction.


Osborn's Law:
	Variables won't; constants aren't.


If we spoke a different language, we
would perceive a somewhat different world.
		-- Wittgenstein


The only way you'll ever hear from
me is if you're living in the same hell.
		-- Roy Harper


[The members of the Chamberlain government] are decided only to be
undecided, resolved to be irresolute, adamant for drift, all-powerful
for impotency.
		-- Winston Churchill


That's where the money was.
		-- Willie Sutton, on being asked why he robbed a bank

It's a rather pleasant experience to be alone in a bank at night.
		-- Willie Sutton


Be careful!  Is it classified?


Ralph:	Lisa, you have no tits and an awful tight pussy.
Lisa:	Ralph... get off my back!!


British Israelites:
	The British Israelites believe the white Anglo-Saxons of Britain to
be descended from the ten lost tribes of Israel deported by Sargon of Assyria
on the fall of Sumeria in 721 B.C. ... They further believe that the future
can be foretold by the measurements of the Great Pyramid, which probably
means it will be big and yellow and in the hand of the Arabs.  They also
believe that if you sleep with your head under the pillow a fairy will come
and take all your teeth.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Deprive a mirror of its silver and even the Czar won't see his face.


If you drink, don't park.  Accidents make people.


Hear about...
	the elderly gentleman who was stung on the privates by a bee and
	asked the doctor to relieve the pain but leave the swelling?


Quit worrying about your health.  It'll go away.
		-- Robert Orben


Any two philosophers can tell each other all they know in two hours.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.


If you are too busy to read, then you are too busy.


Many a bum show has been saved by the flag.
		-- George M. Cohan


Old programmers never die, they just branch to a new address.


Rembrandt's first name was Beauregard, which is why he never used
it.
		-- Dave Barry


6 oz. orange juice
1 oz. vodka
1/2 oz. Galliano
		Harvey Wallbangers


The Commandments of the EE:

1:	Beware of lightning that lurketh in an uncharged condenser
	lest it cause thee to bounce upon thy buttocks in a most
	embarrassing manner.
2:	Cause thou the switch that supplieth large quantities of juice to
	be opened and thusly tagged, that thy days may be long in this
	earthly vale of tears.
3:	Prove to thyself that all circuits that radiateth, and upon
	which the worketh, are grounded and thusly tagged lest they lift
	thee to a radio frequency potential and causeth thee to make like
	a radiator too.
4:	Tarry thou not amongst these fools that engage in intentional
	shocks for they are not long for this world and are surely
	unbelievers.


As long as there are ill-defined goals, bizarre bugs, and unrealistic
schedules, there will be Real Programmers willing to jump in and Solve
The Problem, saving the documentation for later.


After repeatedly warding off her date's amorous advances during the evening,
the pretty young thing decided to put her foot down: "See here," she shouted
indignantly.  "This is positively the last time I'm going to tell you `no'."
	"Splendid!" exclaimed her date.  "Now we can start making some
progress."


If you ever want to get anywhere in politics, my boy, you're going to
have to get a toehold in the public eye.


Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly.
		-- Voltaire


Nasrudin walked into a teahouse and declaimed, "The moon is more useful
than the sun."
	"Why?", he was asked.
	"Because at night we need the light more."


If you're going to America, bring your own food.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


A businessman was awe-struck by the beautiful redhead at the hotel bar.
Seeing his interest, she quietly informed him that she was a prostitute
and that her price was $500.  He was taken aback by the price, but after
a few minutes of thought he took her up to his room.  She spent a few
minutes in the bathroom and was shocked when she came out to see him
masturbating furiously on the bed.  "What are you doing?", she asked.
	"Baby, for $500, you're not going to get the easy one!"


Il y avait une madame de Lahore
Dont la figure n'etait la meilleure,
	Mais la vagine tres forte,
	Toujours ouverte la porte,
Encore, et encore, et encore.


A proctologist is a doctor who puts in a hard day at the orifice.


	"Don't come back until you have him", the Tick-Tock Man said quietly,
sincerely, extremely dangerously.
	They used dogs.  They used probes.  They used cardio plate crossoffs.
They used teepers.  They used bribery.  They used stick tites.  They used
intimidation.  They used torment.  They used torture.  They used finks.
They used cops.  They used search and seizure.  They used fallaron.  They
used betterment incentives.  They used finger prints.  They used the
bertillion system.  They used cunning.  They used guile.  They used treachery.
They used Raoul-Mitgong but he wasn't much help.  They used applied physics.
They used techniques of criminology.  And what the hell, they caught him.
		-- Harlan Ellison, "Repent, Harlequin, said the Tick-Tock Man"


Murphy's Discovery:
	Do you know Presidents talk to the country the way men talk
	to women?  They say, "Trust me, go all the way with me, and
	everything will be all right."  And what happens?  Nine
	months later, you're in trouble!


Beer -- it's not just for breakfast anymore.


Who dat who say "who dat" when I say "who dat"?
		-- Hattie McDaniel


Why, every one as they like; as the good woman said when she
kissed her cow.
		-- Rabelais


Sweet sixteen is beautiful Bess,
And her voice is changing -- from "No" to "Yes".


We don't believe in rheumatism and true love until after the first attack.
		-- Marie Ebner von Eschenbach


Iowa State -- the high school after high school!
		-- Crow T. Robot


The very proper spinster didn't go out very often, but she had some important
shopping to do that morning and so decided to have her lunch in what appeared
to be a nice quiet respectable restaurant.  With the noontime crowd, many
customers shared their tables with strangers; the spinster selected a seat
next to an attractive, young office girl.  The girl finished her sandwich and
coffee, then settled back and lit up a cigarette.  The older woman controlled
herself for a few moments and then snapped,
	"I'd rather commit adultery than smoke in public."
	"So would I," said the girl, "but I only have half an hour for lunch."


Love means having to say you're sorry every five minutes.


WASP, n.:
	Someone who gets out of the shower to take a piss.


Coors, n.:
	Like making love in a canoe -- fucking close to water.


Newlywed groom:
	Honey, I have something to confess to you.  I'm a golfer.
	You'll never see me on Tuesday nights, Thursday nights,
	and weekends.  I'm sorry.
Newlywed bride:
	I have something even worse to confess, dear.  I'm a hooker.
Groom:
	Oh, honey, that's no problem!  Just keep your head low and follow
	through...


Everything can be filed under "miscellaneous".


UNIX is many things to many people,
but it's never been everything to anybody.


Life is like an onion: you peel it off
one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep.
		-- Carl Sandburg


	Once again we find ourselves enmeshed in The Holiday Season, that very
special time of year when we join with our loved ones in sharing centuries-old
traditions such as trying to find a parking space at the mall.  We
traditionally do this in my family by driving around the parking lot until we
see a shopper emerge from the mall.  Then we follow her, in very much the same
spirit as the Three Wise Men, who, 2,000 years ago, followed a star, week after
week, until it led them to a parking space.
	We try to keep our bumper about 4 inches from the shopper's calves, to
let the other circling cars know that she belongs to us.  Sometimes, two cars
will get into a fight over whom the shopper belongs to, similar to the way
great white sharks will fight over who gets to eat a snorkeler.  So, we follow
our shopper closely, hunched over the steering wheel, whistling "It's Beginning
to Look a Lot Like Christmas" through our teeth, until we arrive at her car,
which is usually parked several time zones away from the mall.  Sometimes our
shopper tries to indicate she was merely planning to drop off some packages and
go back to shopping.  But, when she hears our engine rev in a festive fashion
and sees the holiday gleam in our eyes, she realizes she would never make it.
		-- Dave Barry, "Holiday Joy -- Or, the Great Parking Lot
		   Skirmish"


Raquel Welch:		36-24-36
Bo Derek:		35-24-36
Ann-Margaret:		37-25-36
Bette Middler:		37-25-36
Marilyn Monroe:		37-24-37
Jane Russell:		39-27-38
Jayne Mansfield:	40-23-37
Sophia Loren:		37-25-36


Many a man has fallen in love with a girl in a light so dim he would
not have chosen a suit by it.
		-- Maurice Chevalier


Unquestionably, there is progress.  The average American now
pays out twice as much in taxes as he formerly got in wages.
		-- H. L. Mencken


A master was asked the question, "What is the Way?" by a curious monk.
	"It is right before your eyes," said the master.
	"Why do I not see it for myself?"
	"Because you are thinking of yourself."
	"What about you: do you see it?"
	"So long as you see double, saying `I don't', and `you do', and so
on, your eyes are clouded," said the master.
	"When there is neither `I' nor `You', can one see it?"
	"When there is neither `I' nor `You',
who is the one that wants to see it?"


Sanity is the trademark of a weak mind.
		-- Mark Harrold


When I kill, the only thing I feel is recoil.


Power, like a desolating pestilence,
Pollutes whate'er it touches...
		-- Percy Bysshe Shelley


She missed an invaluable opportunity to give him
a look that you could have poured on a waffle.


How doth the little crocodile
	Improve his shining tail,
And pour the waters of the Nile
	On every golden scale!

How cheerfully he seems to grin,
	How neatly spreads his claws,
And welcomes little fishes in,
	With gently smiling jaws!
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


They told me I was gullible ... and I believed them!


There's no such thing as an original sin.
		-- Elvis Costello


It is dangerous for a national candidate to say things that people might
remember.
		-- Eugene McCarthy


Sex is a biological function; kissing is a commitment.


With her body, woman is more sincere than man; but with her mind
she lies.  And when she lies, she does not believe herself.
		-- Tolstoy


LIFE:
	A whim of several billion cells to be you for a while.


MALPRACTICE:
	The reason surgeons wear masks.


The sheep that fly over your head are soon to land.


Ronald Reagan -- America's favorite placebo


To have died once is enough.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)


"The eleventh commandment was `Thou Shalt Compute' or `Thou Shalt Not
Compute' -- I forget which."
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


I can relate to that.


No man is an island, but some of us are long peninsulas.


What's all this bru-ha-ha?


There's something the technicians need to learn from the artists.
If it isn't aesthetically pleasing, it's probably wrong.


I'm not prejudiced, I hate everyone equally.


Nothing is faster than the speed of light.

To prove this to yourself, try opening the
refrigerator door before the light comes on.


Remember, when preparing a dish for bedtime,
champagne is the best tenderizer.


Only fools are quoted.
		-- Anonymous


Americans' greatest fear is that America will turn out
to have been a phenomenon, not a civilization.
		-- Shirley Hazzard, "Transit of Venus"


	A man pleaded innocent of any wrong doing when caught by the police
during a raid at the home of a mobster, excusing himself by claiming that he
was making a bolt for the door.


Department chairmen never die, they just lose their faculties.


The error of youth is to believe that intelligence is a substitute
for experience, while the error of age is to believe experience is
a substitute for intelligence.
		-- Lyman Bryson


Quigley's Law:
	Whoever has any authority over you,
	no matter how small, will attempt to use it.


A major, with wonderful force,
Called out in Hyde Park for a horse.
	All the flowers looked round,
	But no horse could be found;
So he just rhododendron, of course.


	"Darling", said the young bride, "tell me what's bothering you.
We promised to share all our joys and sorrows, remember?"
	"But this is different," protested her husband.
	"Together, darling," she insisted, "we will bear the burden.
Now tell me what our problem is."
	"Well," said the husband, "we've just become the father of a
bastard child."


The most important thing in a relationship between a man and a woman
is that one of them be good at taking orders.
		-- Linda Festa


Educational television should be absolutely forbidden.  It can only lead
to unreasonable disappointment when your child discovers that the letters
of the alphabet do not leap up out of books and dance around with
royal-blue chickens.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


Exercise caution in your daily affairs.


Pereant, inquit, qui ante nos nostra dixerunt.
[Confound those who have said our remarks before us.]
or
[May they perish who have expressed our bright ideas before us.]
		-- Aelius Donatus


When Oxygen Tech played Hydrogen U.
The Game had just begun, when Hydrogen scored two fast points
And Oxygen still had none
Then Oxygen scored a single goal
And thus it did remain, At Hydrogen 2 and Oxygen 1
Called because of rain.


If they sent one man to the moon, why can't they send them all?


One measure of friendship consists not in the number of things friends
can discuss, but in the number of things they need no longer mention.
		-- Clifton Fadiman


	The birds are singing, the flowers are budding, and it is time
for Miss Manners to tell young lovers to stop necking in public.
	It's not that Miss Manners is immune to romance.  Miss Manners
has been known to squeeze a gentleman's arm while being helped over a
curb, and, in her wild youth, even to press a dainty slipper against a
foot or two under the dinner table.  Miss Manners also believes that the
sight of people strolling hand in hand or arm in arm or arm in hand
dresses up a city considerably more than the more familiar sight of
people shaking umbrellas at one another.  What Miss Manners objects to
is the kind of activity that frightens the horses on the street...


BEAUTY:
	What's in your eye when you have a bee in your hand.


Pubic hair, n.:
	Organic dental floss.


Don't you wish that all the people who sincerely
want to help you could agree with each other?


In 1869 the waffle iron was invented for people who had wrinkled
waffles.


Be careful!  UGLY strikes 9 out of 10!


Don't plan any hasty moves.
You'll be evicted soon anyway.


Goals... Plans... they're fantasies, they're part of a dream world...
		-- Wally Shawn


A computer, to print out a fact,
Will divide, multiply, and subtract.
	But this output can be
	No more than debris,
If the input was short of exact.
		-- Gigo


Death is life's way of telling you you've been fired.
		-- R. Geis


Gomme's Laws:
	(1) A backscratcher will always find new itches.
	(2) Time accelerates.
	(3) The weather at home improves as soon as you go away.


One thought driven home is better than three left on base.


Understand, v.:
	To reach a point, in your investigation of some subject, at which
	you cease to examine what is really present, and operate on the
	basis of your own internal model instead.


The idea there was that consumers would bring their broken electronic
devices, such as television sets and VCR's, to the destruction centers,
where trained personnel would whack them (the devices) with
sledgehammers.  With their devices thus permanently destroyed,
consumers would then be free to go out and buy new devices, rather than
have to fritter away years of their lives trying to have the old ones
repaired at so-called "factory service centers," which in fact consist
of two men named Lester poking at the insides of broken electronic
devices with cheap cigars and going, "Lookit all them WIRES in there!"
		-- Dave Barry, "'Mister Mediocre' Restaurants"


My mother-in-law broke up my marriage.  One day my wife
came home early from work and found us in bed together.
		-- Lenny Bruce


Keep your boss's boss off your boss's back.


Real programmers don't document; if it was
hard to write, it should be hard to understand.


Flirt, n.:
	A girl whose favorite man is the next one.


			Get GUMMed
			--- ------
The Gurus of Unix Meeting of Minds (GUMM) takes place Wednesday, April
1, 2076 (check THAT in your perpetual calendar program), 14 feet above
the ground directly in front of the Milpitas Gumps.  Members will grep
each other by the hand (after intro), yacc a lot, smoke filtered
chroots in pipes, chown with forks, use the wc (unless uuclean), fseek
nice zombie processes, strip, and sleep, but not, we hope, od.  Three
days will be devoted to discussion of the ramifications of whodo.  Two
seconds have been allotted for a complete rundown of all the user-
friendly features of Unix.  Seminars include "Everything You Know is
Wrong", led by Tom Kempson, "Batman or Cat:man?" led by Richie Dennis
"cc C?  Si!  Si!" led by Kerwin Bernighan, and "Document Unix, Are You
Kidding?" led by Jan Yeats.  No Reader Service No. is necessary because
all GUGUs (Gurus of Unix Group of Users) already know everything we
could tell them.
		-- Dr. Dobb's Journal, June '84


The graveyards are full of indispensable men.
		-- Charles de Gaulle


The only constant is change.


Women are always anxious to urge bachelors to matrimony; is it
from charity, or revenge?
		-- Gustave Vapereau


For God's sake, stop researching for a while and begin to think!


Hartley's Second Law:
	Never sleep with anyone crazier than yourself.

My corollary:
	The completely psychotic have all the fun.


Distributed Systems people do it loosely coupled.


Flying saucers on occasion
	Show themselves to human eyes.
Aliens fume, put off invasion
	While they brand these tales as lies.


Mason's First Law of Synergism:
The one day you'd sell your soul for something, souls are a glut.


The rhino is a homely beast,
For human eyes he's not a feast.
Farewell, farewell, you old rhinoceros,
I'll stare at something less prepoceros.
		-- Ogden Nash


When you overesteem great hackers,
more users become cretins.
When you develop encryption,
more users become crackers.

The Guru leads
by emptying user's minds
and increasing their quotas,
by weakening their ambition
and toughening their resolve.
When users lack knowledge and desire,
management will not try to interfere.

Practice not-looping,
and everything will fall into place.


You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.


You first parent of the human race... who ruined yourself for an apple,
what might you have done for a truffled turkey?
		-- Brillat-Savarin, "Physiologie du go^ut"


THIS IS PLEDGE WEEK FOR THE FORTUNE PROGRAM

If you like the fortune program, why not support it now with your
contribution of a pithy fortune, clean or obscene?  We cannot continue
without your support.  Less than 14% of all fortune users are
contributors.  That means that 86% of you are getting a free ride.  We
can't go on like this much longer.  Federal cutbacks mean less money
for fortunes, and unless user contributions increase to make up the
difference, the fortune program will have to shut down between midnight
and 8 a.m.  Don't let this happen.  Mail your fortunes right now to
"fortune".  Just type in your favorite pithy saying.  Do it now before
you forget.  Our target is 300 new fortunes by the end of the week.
Don't miss out.  All fortunes will be acknowledged.  If you contribute
30 fortunes or more, you will receive a free subscription to "The
Fortune Hunter", our monthly program guide.  If you contribute 50 or
more, you will receive a free "Fortune Hunter" coffee mug ...


RYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRY
RY								RY
RY  WELCOME TO THE BABBAGE ANALYTICAL TIMESHARING SERVICE	RY
RY  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *	RY
RY								RY
RY  PLEASE NOTE THAT THE INTEGRATOR IS CURRENTLY UNAVAILABLE    RY
RY  DUE TO THE WEEKLY GREASING SCHEDULE. WOULD ALL USERS KINDLY RY
RY  RETURN ANY UNUSED PLUGBOARDS, AS THE PROGRAMMING TEAM ARE   RY
RY  RUNNING LOW. DIVISION UNIT 3 WILL BE OUT OF ACTION UNTIL    RY
RY  THURSDAY DUE TO EMERGENCY COG REPLACEMENT - PLEASE ENSURE   RY
RY  THAT YOUR PROGRAM DOES NOT ATTEMPT TO DIVIDE BY ZERO AS	RY
RY  THIS CAN CAUSE SEVERE DAMAGE (INCLUDING SHAFT BREAKAGES).   RY
RY								RY
RYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRY
.
.
SYSTEM READY.
?
		-- Chris Suslowicz


H. L. Mencken's Law:
	Those who can -- do.
	Those who can't -- teach.

Martin's Extension:
	Those who cannot teach -- administrate.

		[No, those who can't teach, teach here.  Ed.]


It is the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree.


He who knows others is wise.
He who knows himself is enlightened.
		-- Lao Tsu


Possessions increase to fill the space available for their storage.
		-- Ryan


Many a town that didn't have enough work to support a single lawyer
can easily support two or more.


A guy comes into a bar with a frog and sets it down next to the prettiest
girl there.
	"This is a very special frog," he informs her.  "His name is Charlie."
	"What's so special about this frog?" she asks.
He's reluctant to tell her, but when pressed, explains that,
	"This frog can eat pussy."
The girl slaps him, knocking him off his chair, and accuses him of telling her
a filthy lie.  But no, he assures her, it's completely true.  And after much
discussion, she agrees to come back to his apartment to see the frog in action.
She positions herself appropriately, the guy carefully takes out the frog, and
says, "Okay, Charlie, do your stuff!"  The frog is immobile, despite his
owner's exhortations, and the girl starts to snicker.
	"Okay, Charlie, do your stuff!"
	"C'mon Charlie, do your stuff!"
By now, the girl is laughing openly.
	"Okay, Charlie," says the guy, moving the frog out of the way, "I'm
only going to show you one more time."


I love this fucking University, and this University loves fucking me.


Oh, well, I guess this is just going to be one of those lifetimes.


The meek inherit the earth -- usually in small sections... about 6 by 3.


Underlying Principle of Socio-Genetics:
	Superiority is recessive.


This door is baroquen, please wiggle Handel.
(If I wiggle Handel, will it wiggle Bach?)
		-- Found on a door in the MSU music building


SYSTEM-INDEPENDENT:
	Works equally poorly on all systems.


Many pages make a thick book, except for pocket Bibles which are on very
thin paper.


If I love you, what business is it of yours?
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Why is it that there are so many more horses' asses than there are
horses?
		-- G. Gordon Liddy


I guess the Little League is even littler than we thought.
		-- D. Cavett


When you make your mark in the world,
watch out for guys with erasers.
		-- The Wall Street Journal


Beneath this stone lies Murphy,
They buried him today,
He lived the life of Riley,
While Riley was away.


Those lovable Brits department:
	They also have trouble pronouncing `vitamin'.


Double Bucky, you're the one,
You make my keyboard so much fun,
Double Bucky, an additional bit or two, (Vo-vo-de-o)
Control and meta, side by side,
Augmented ASCII, 9 bits wide!
Double Bucky, a half a thousand glyphs, plus a few!

Oh, I sure wish that I,
Had a couple of bits more!
Perhaps a set of pedals to make the number of bits four.

Double Double Bucky!  Double Bucky left and right
OR'd together, outta sight!
Double Bucky, I'd like a whole word of,
Double Bucky, I'm happy I heard of,
Double Bucky, I'd like a whole word of you!
		-- to Niklaus Wirth, who suggested that an extra bit
		   be added to terminal codes on 36-bit machines for use
		   by screen editors.  [to the tune of "Rubber Ducky"]


