Don't talk to me about naval tradition.  It's nothing but rum,
sodomy and the lash.
		-- Winston Churchill


	A reader reports that when the patient died, the attending doctor
recorded the following on the patient's chart:  "Patient failed to fulfill
his wellness potential."

	Another doctor reports that in a recent issue of the *American Journal
of Family Practice* fleas were called "hematophagous arthropod vectors."

	A reader reports that the Army calls them "vertically deployed anti-
personnel devices."  You probably call them bombs.

	At McClellan Air Force base in Sacramento, California, civilian
mechanics were placed on "non-duty, non-pay status."  That is, they were fired.

	After taking the trip of a lifetime, our reader sent his twelve rolls
of film to Kodak for developing (or "processing," as Kodak likes to call it)
only to receive the following notice:  "We must report that during the handling
of your twelve 35mm Kodachrome slide orders, the films were involved in an
unusual laboratory experience."  The use of the passive is a particularly nice
touch, don't you think?  Nobody did anything to the films; they just had a bad
experience.  Of course our reader can always go back to Tibet and take his
pictures all over again, using the twelve replacement rolls Kodak so generously
sent him.
		-- Quarterly Review of Doublespeak (NCTE)


Try to relax and enjoy the crisis.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


Sex and drugs and rock and roll,
Is all my brain and body need.
Sex and drugs and rock and roll,
Are very good indeed.

Take your silly ways,
Throw them out the window,
The wisdom of your ways,
I've been there and I know,
Lots of other ways...
		-- Ian Drury, "New Boots and Panties"


This sentence contradicts itself -- no actually it doesn't.
		-- Douglas Hofstadter


Microwaves frizz your heir.


Q:	What's the difference between erotic and kinky?
A:	Erotic is when you use a feather.  Kinky is when you use
	the whole bird.


Just machines to make big decisions,
Programmed by men for compassion and vision,
We'll be clean when their work is done,
We'll be eternally free, yes, eternally young,
What a beautiful world this will be,
What a glorious time to be free.
		-- Donald Fagon, "What A Beautiful World"


No house should ever be on any hill or on anything.
It should be of the hill, belonging to it.
		-- Frank Lloyd Wright


In science it often happens that scientists say, "You know that's a really
good argument; my position is mistaken," and then they actually change
their minds and you never hear that old view from them again.  They really
do it.  It doesn't happen as often as it should, because scientists are
human and change is sometimes painful.  But it happens every day.  I cannot
recall the last time something like that happened in politics or religion.
		-- Carl Sagan, 1987 CSICOP keynote address


Smear the road with a runner!!


We all like praise, but a hike in our pay is the best kind of ways.


MEMO:
	An interoffice communication too often written more for
	the benefit of the person who sends it than the person
	who receives it.


Let us not look back in anger or forward
in fear, but around us in awareness.
		-- James Thurber


If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
		-- W. E. Hickson


Meskimen's Law:
	There's never time to do it right, but there's always time to
	do it over.


I shall give a propagandist reason for starting the war, no matter whether
it is plausible or not.  The victor will not be asked afterwards whether
he told the truth or not.  When starting and waging war it is not right
that matters, but victory.
		-- Adolf Hitler


The best way to cut off a cat's tail is to repossess his Jaguar.


Have you heard of knock-kneed Samuel McGuzzum
Who married Samantha, his bow-legged cousin?
	Some people say,
	Love finds a way,
But for Sam and Samantha it doesn'.


Don't you wish that all the people who sincerely
want to help you could agree with each other?


Prediction is very difficult, especially of the future.
		-- Niels Bohr


The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost.


Anarchy may not be the best form of government, but it's better than no
government at all.


America is the country where you buy a lifetime
supply of aspirin for one dollar, and use it up in two weeks.


But sex and drugs and rock & roll, why, they'd bring our blackest day.


I can feel for her because, although I have never been an Alaskan
prostitute dancing on the bar in a spangled dress, I still get very
bored with washing and ironing and dishwashing and cooking day after
relentless day.
		-- Betty MacDonald


The real problem with fucking a sheep is that you have to walk around
in front every time you want to kiss her.


Man's reach must exceed his grasp, for why else the heavens?


QOTD:
	"Do you smell something burning or is it me?"
		-- Joan of Arc


Got Mole problems?
Call Avogadro at 6.02 x 10^23.


Goldenstern's Rules:
	1.  Always hire a rich attorney.
	2.  Never buy from a rich salesman.


I began many years ago, as so many young men do, in searching for the
perfect woman.  I believed that if I looked long enough, and hard enough,
I would find her and then I would be secure for life.  Well, the years
and romances came and went, and I eventually ended up settling for someone
a lot less than my idea of perfection.  But one day, after many years
together, I lay there on our bed recovering from a slight illness.  My
wife was sitting on a chair next to the bed, humming softly and watching
the late afternoon sun filtering through the trees.  The only sounds to
be heard elsewhere were the clock ticking, the kettle downstairs starting
to boil, and an occasional schoolchild passing beneath our window.  And
as I looked up into my wife's now wrinkled face, but still warm and
twinkling eyes, I realized something about perfection...  It comes only
with time.
		-- James L. Collymore, "Perfect Woman"


Disclaimer: "These opinions are my own, though for a small fee they be
yours too."
		-- Dave Haynie


Bumper sticker:
	All the parts falling off this car are
	of the very finest British manufacture.


Rule of the Great:
	When people you greatly admire appear to be thinking deep
	thoughts, they probably are thinking about lunch.


	On his first day as a bus driver, Maxey Eckstein handed in
receipts of $65.  The next day his take was $67.  The third day's
income was $62.  But on the fourth day, Eckstein emptied no less than
$283 on the desk before the cashier.
	"Eckstein!" exclaimed the cashier.  "This is fantastic.  That
route never brought in money like this!  What happened?"
	"Well, after three days on that cockamamie route, I figured
business would never improve, so I drove over to Fourteenth Street and
worked there.  I tell you, that street is a gold mine!"


QUOTE OF THE DAY:

	`



She's so tough she won't take 'yes' for an answer.


A successful [software] tool is one that was used to do something
undreamed of by its author.
		-- S. C. Johnson


Drug, n.:
	A substance that, when injected into a rat, produces a scientific
	paper.


Then there was the Scoutmaster who got a fantastic deal on this case of
Tates brand compasses for his troop; only $1.25 each!  Only problem was,
when they got them out in the woods, the compasses were all stuck pointing
to the "W" on the dial.

Moral:
	He who has a Tates is lost!


Excellent day to have a rotten day.


If you could get an erection, you would have no need for Emacs.


Ummm, well, OK.  The network's the network, the computer's the computer.
Sorry for the confusion.
		-- Sun Microsystems


There is no such thing as an ugly woman -- there are only
the ones who do not know how to make themselves attractive.
		-- Christian Dior


When his company fell on hard times, the boss realized that he'd have to
lay off one of his two middle managers.  As both Jack and Liz were equally
honest and dedicated to their jobs, he was unable to decide which one to
fire.  To resolve his dilemma, the boss arbitrarily decided that the first
to leave his or her desk the next morning would be the one to get the ax.
	The next morning found Liz at her desk, rubbing her temples.  Asking
Jack for some aspirin, she headed for the water fountain and that's where
the boss caught up with her.  "I've got some bad news for you, Liz," he said.
"I've got to lay you or Jack off."
	"Jack off," she snapped.  "I have a headache."


Help stamp out and abolish redundancy!


Handshaking protocol, n.:
	A process employed by hostile hardware devices to initiate a
	terse but civil dialogue, which, in turn, is characterized by
	occasional misunderstanding, sulking, and name-calling.


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

A new system, the CIRCULATORY system, has been added.

The long-experimental CIRCULATORY system has been released to users.  The
Lisp Machine uses Type B fluid, the L machine uses Type A fluid.  When the
switch to Common Lisp occurs both machines will, of course, be Type O.
Please check fluid level by using the DIP stick which is located in the
back of VMI monitors.  Unchecked low fluid levels can cause poor paging
performance.


Happiness makes up in height what it lacks in length.


Look afar and see the end from the beginning.


Fortune presents:
	USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #3.

Kie estas la plej proksima masa^gejo?	Where's the nearest massage parlor?
Vi dolorigas min.			You're hurting me.
Mi deziras viziti usonan kuraciston.	I want to see an American doctor.
Mi deziras a^ceti kontraugraveda^jojn.	I would like to buy some
						contraceptives.
^Cu tiu estis ankau bona por ci?	Was it good for you too?


You will be the last person to buy a Chrysler.


The secret of happiness is total disregard of everybody.


Your conscience never stops you from doing anything.  It just stops you
from enjoying it.


People usually get what's coming to them -- unless it's been mailed.


Major premise:
	Sixty men can do sixty times as much work as one man.
Minor premise:
	A man can dig a posthole in sixty seconds.
Conclusion:
	Sixty men can dig a posthole in one second.

Secondary Conclusion:
	Do you realize how many holes there would be if people
	would just take the time to take the dirt out of them?


Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow you may work.


AC/DC is a rock band.
		-- Bisexuality, 101


Good news.  Ten weeks from Friday will be a pretty good day.


Nirvana?  That's the place where the powers
that be and their friends hang out.
		-- Zonker Harris


The Angels want to wear my red shoes.
		-- E. Costello


Put your trust in those who are worthy.


Condoms are the feminists' revenge on men for diaphragms.
		-- Robin Williams


The meek inherit the earth -- usually in small sections... about 6 by 3.


... it still remains true that as a set of cognitive beliefs about the
existence of God in any recognizable sense continuous with the great
systems of the past, religious doctrines constitute a speculative
hypothesis of an extremely low order of probability.
		-- Sidney Hook


We will not be responsible for damage to equipment, your ego, county wide
power outages, spontaneously generated mini (or larger) black holes,
planetary disruptions, or personal injury or worse that may result from the
use of this material.
		-- taken from Samuel M. Goldwasser's
		   Sam's Strobe FAQ Notes on the Troubleshooting
		   and Repair of Electronic Flash Units and Strobe Lights


	Harry constantly irritated his friends with his eternal optimism.
No matter how bad the situation, he would always say, "Well, it could have
been worse."
	To cure him of his annoying habit, his friends decided to invent a
situation so completely black, so dreadful, that even Harry could find no
hope in it.  Approaching him at the club bar one day, one of them said,
"Harry!  Did you hear what happened to George?  He came home last night,
found his wife in bed with another man, shot them both, and then turned
the gun on himself!"
	"Terrible," said Harry.  "But it could have been worse."
	"How in hell," demanded his dumbfounded friend, "could it possibly
have been worse?"
	"Well," said Harry, "if it had happened the night before, I'd be
dead right now."


How much for your women?  I want to buy your
daughter... how much for the little girl?
		-- Jake Blues, "The Blues Brothers"


What if everything is an illusion and nothing exists?
In that case, I definitely overpaid for my carpet.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


Dime is money.


Some of us are becoming the men we wanted to marry.
		-- Gloria Steinem


I have a very strange feeling about this...
		-- Luke Skywalker


Telling the truth to people who misunderstand you is generally
promoting a falsehood, isn't it?
		-- A. Hope


Well, actually, I don't mind going to weddings or anything, as long as they're
not my own, I show up, but uh, I've always kinda been partial to callin' myself
up on the phone, asking myself out, y'know, yeah, one thing about it, you're
always around.  Yeah, I know, yeah, you ask yourself out, y'know, some class
joint somewhere, the Burrito King, or somethin', y'know, well, I ain't cheap
y'know.  Take yourself out for a coupla drinks, mebbe, then you eat, some
provocative conversation on the way home, and uh, park in front of the house,
y'know, and you, oh yeah, you smoo with yourself, put a little nice music on,
mebbe you put on like, uh, y'know, like shoppin' music, something that's not
too interruptive, y'know, and then uh, y'know, slide over real nice, and say,
"Oh, I think you have something in your eye", well, maybe it's not that
romantic with you, but I don't, y'know, I get into it, y'know, I take myself
up to the porch, and uh, take myself inside, maybe, oh, I might get a little
something in a brandy snifter, "Would you like to listen to some of my back
records, I got something here...", well, usually, about two-thirty in the
morning, you've ended up takin' advantage of yourself, and there ain't no way
around that, y'know, yeah, makin' the scene with a magazine, ain't no way
around it.  I'll confess, y'know, I'm no different, y'know, I'm not weird
about it or anything, I don't tie myself up first, I just, I just kinda
spend a little time with myself.
		-- Tom Waits, "Nighthawks at the Diner"


Goldfish... what stupid animals.  Even Wayne Cody stops
eating before he bursts.


First things first -- but not necessarily in that order.
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


You don't become a failure until you're satisfied with being one.


Fame may be fleeting but obscurity is forever.


Little known facts: the dirtiest words used on television during the
1950's were uttered by June Cleaver.
	"Gee, Ward, weren't you a little hard on the Beaver last night?"


	When, in 1964, New Hampshire Republican Senator Norris Cotton announced
his support of Barry Goldwater in his state's primary election, he was
questioned as to whether this indicated a change of his hitherto "liberal"
political views.
	"Well," explained Cotton, "it's like the New Hampshire farmer.  He was
driving along in his car one day with his wife beside him when his wife said,
'Why don't we sit closer together?  Before we were married, we always sat
closer together.'  The old farmer replied, 'I ain't moved.'"
	"I ain't moved," added Cotton.  "I found the trend of Government has
moved farther to the left."
		-- Bill Adler, "The Washington Wits"


* UNIX is a Trademark of Bell Laboratories.


Q:	What does it say on the bottom of Coke cans in North Dakota?
A:	Open other end.


Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly.
		-- Voltaire


'Twas bullig, and the slithy brokers
Did buy and gamble in the craze		"Beware the Jabberstock, my son!
All rosy were the Dow Jones stokers	The cost that bites, the worth
By market's wrath unphased.			that falls!
					Beware the Econ'mist's word, and shun
He took his forecast sword in hand:	The spurious Street o' Walls!"
Long time the Boesk'some foe he sought -
Sake's liquidity, so d'vested he,	And as in bearish thought he stood
And stood awhile in thought.		The Jabberstock, with clothes of tweed,
					Came waffling with the truth too good,
Chip Black! Chip Blue! And through	And yuppied great with greed!
	and through
The forecast blade went snicker-snack!	"And hast thou slain the Jabberstock?
It bit the dirt, and with its shirt,	Come to my firm, V.P.ish boy!
He went rebounding back.		O big bucks day! Moolah! Good Play!"
					He bought him a Mercedes Toy.
'Twas panic, and the slithy brokers
Did gyre and tumble in the Crash
All flimsy were the Dow Jones stokers
And mammon's wrath them bash!
		-- Peter Stucki, "Jabberstocky"


Q:	How does a single woman in New York get rid of cockroaches?
A:	She asks them for a commitment.


Rejection, n.:
	When you're masturbating and your hand falls asleep.


The sun was shining brightly		The breeze was blowing briskly,
And I could hardly wait,		It made the flowers sway,
To ponder at my window			The garden was enchanting
And gaze at my estate.			On this inspiring day.

My eyes fell on a little bird,		I smiled at him cheerfully
With a beautiful yellow bill,		And gave him a crust of bread,
I beckoned him to come and light	And then I closed the window
Upon my window sill.			And smashed his fucking head.
		-- "Good Morning", Debbie Smith


May you have warm words on a cold evening,
a full moon on a dark night,
and a smooth road all the way to your door.


Life is like a tin of sardines.
We're, all of us, looking for the key.
		-- Beyond the Fringe


	"...A strange enigma is man!"
	"Someone calls him a soul concealed in an animal," I suggested.
	"Winwood Reade is good upon the subject," said Holmes.  "He remarked
that, while the individual man is an insoluble puzzle, in the aggregate he
becomes a mathematical certainty.  You can, for example, never foretell what
any one man will do, but you can say with precision what an average number
will be up to.  Individuals vary, but percentages remain constant.  So says
the statistician."
		-- Sherlock Holmes, "The Sign of Four"


You get along very well with everyone except animals and people.


Happiness is the greatest good.


Drakenberg's Discovery:
	If you can't seem to find your glasses,
	it's probably because you don't have them on.


What can you use used tampons for?  Tea bags for vampires.


If the Nazi's had television with satellite technology, we'd all be
goose-stepping.  Americans are just as suggestible.
		-- Frank Zappa


Here I sit, my cheeks a flexin',
Just gave birth to another Texan.


Why do they call it baby-SITTING when all you do is run after them?


Mustgo, n.:
	Any item of food that has been sitting in the refrigerator so
	long it has become a science project.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


	"Darling", said the young bride, "tell me what's bothering you.
We promised to share all our joys and sorrows, remember?"
	"But this is different," protested her husband.
	"Together, darling," she insisted, "we will bear the burden.
Now tell me what our problem is."
	"Well," said the husband, "we've just become the father of a
bastard child."


A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
		-- Gloria Steinem


Symbolic representation of quantitative entities is doomed to its rightful
place of minor importance in a world where flowers and beautiful women abound.
		-- Albert Einstein


There is a 20% chance of tomorrow.


Well, he didn't know what to do, so he decided to look at the government,
to see what they did, and scale it down and run his life that way.
		-- Laurie Anderson


In this world, truth can wait; she's used to it.


With the end of the football season, a star player for the college team
celebrated the relaxation of team curfew by attending a late-night campus
party.  Soon after arriving, he became captivated by a beautiful coed and
eased into a conversation with her by asking if she met many dates at
parties.
	"Oh, I have a three point eight, so I'm much more attracted to the
strong academic types than to the dumb party animals," she said.  "What's
your G.P.A.?"
	Grinning ear to ear, the jock boasted, "I get about twenty-five in
the city and forty on the highway."


Lady Luck brings added income today.
Lady friend takes it away tonight.


"I don't really mind her being unfaithful," sighed the man to his
marriage counselor, "but I just can't sleep three in a bed."


Money cannot buy love, nor even friendship.


There's one consolation about matrimony.  When you look around you can
always see somebody who did worse.
		-- Warren H. Goldsmith


Oh give me a home, where the bookmakers roam,
Where the beer and the whiskey flows free,
Where never is heard, a discouraging word,
And the call-girls keep callin' for me!


He who hesitates is a damned fool.
		-- Mae West


Your present plans will be successful.


You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.


I've always considered statesmen to be more expendable than soldiers.


Nobody ever died from oven crude poisoning.


If the future isn't what it used to be, does that
mean that the past is subject to change in times to come?


A little kid went up to Santa and asked him, "Santa, you know when I'm bad
right?"  And Santa says, "Yes, I do."  The little kid then asks, "And you
know when I'm sleeping?"  To which Santa replies, "Every minute."  So the
little kid then says, "Well, if you know when I'm bad and when I'm good,
then how come you don't know what I want for Christmas?"


Court, n.:
	A place where they dispense with justice.
		-- Arthur Train


We are each entitled to our own opinion, but no one is entitled to his
own facts.
		-- Patrick Moynihan


=============== ALL FRESHMEN PLEASE NOTE ===============

To minimize scheduling confusion, please realize that if you are taking one
course which is offered at only one time on a given day, and another which is
offered at all times on that day, the second class will be arranged as to
afford maximum inconvenience to the student.  For example, if you happen
to work on campus, you will have 1-2 hours between classes.  If you commute,
there will be a minimum of 6 hours between the two classes.


T-shirt of the Day:

	See Dick Drink...
	See Dick Drive...
	See Dick Die.
	DON'T BE A DICK.


On ability:
	A dwarf is small, even if he stands on a mountain top;
	a colossus keeps his height, even if he stands in a well.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca, 4BC - 65AD


Mate, this parrot wouldn't VOOM if you put four million volts through it!
		-- Monty Python


I just asked myself... what would John DeLorean do?
		-- Raoul Duke


Show me a good loser in professional sports and I'll show you an idiot.
Show me a good sportsman and I'll show you a player I'm looking to trade.
		-- Leo Durocher


Life to you is a bold and dashing responsibility.
		-- a Mary Chung's fortune cookie


It takes leather balls to play rugby.
	(Blood makes the grass grow!)


If you're a young Mafia gangster out on your first date, I bet it's real
embarrassing if someone tries to kill you.
		-- Jack Handey


New members urgently required for SUICIDE CLUB, Watford area.
		-- Monty Python's Big Red Book


Florence Flask was ... dressing for the opera when she turned to her
husband and screamed, "Erlenmeyer!  My joules!  Someone has stolen my
joules!"

"Now, now, my dear," replied her husband, "keep your balance and reflux
a moment.  Perhaps they're mislead."

"No, I know they're stolen," cried Florence.  "I remember putting them
in my burette ... We must call a copper."

Erlenmeyer did so, and the flatfoot who turned up, one Sherlock Ohms,
said the outrage looked like the work of an arch-criminal by the name
of Lawrence Ium.

"We must be careful -- he's a free radical, ultraviolet, and
dangerous.  His girlfriend is a chlorine at the Palladium.  Maybe I can
catch him there."  With that, he jumped on his carbon cycle in an
activated state and sped off along the reaction pathway ...
		-- Daniel B. Murphy, "Precipitations"


Remember, DESSERT is spelled with two `s's while DESERT is spelled
with one, because EVERYONE wants two desserts, but NO ONE wants two
deserts.
		-- Miss Oglethorp, Gr. 5, PS. 59


If all these sweet young things were laid end-to-end, I wouldn't be a
bit surprised.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Term, holidays, term, holidays, till we leave
school, and then work, work, work till we die.
		-- C. S. Lewis


It's not hard to admit errors that are [only] cosmetically wrong.
		-- J. K. Galbraith


Only fools are quoted.
		-- Anonymous


There's nothing remarkable about it.  All one has to do is hit the right
keys at the right time and the instrument plays itself.
		-- J. S. Bach


The only promotion rules I can think of are that a sense of shame is to
be avoided at all costs and there is never any reason for a hustler to
be less cunning than more virtuous men.  Oh yes ... whenever you think
you've got something really great, add ten per cent more.
		-- Bill Veeck


Alcohol, hashish, prussic acid, strychnine are weak dilutions.
The surest poison is time.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Society and Solitude"


Brother Jim's recent appearance on the William and Mary campus this past
week was cut short by an ingenious device designed by two computer science
students.  A three-foot bar of extruded aluminum was precisely machined,
with a hole milled down the center of precisely the dimensions of one of
the small Gideon bibles.  The end capped off, a CO2 canister was connected
to provide up to 2,000 PSIG.  Preliminary estimates during field testing
revealed a muzzle velocity of approximately 120-150 MPH for bibles exiting
the tube.  Sufficient ammunition was obtained during a previous visit to
campus by another religious organization, and the system was first used on
Brother Jim, who suffered a broken rib and numerous small bruises, in
addition to the usual humiliation.


There are more ways of killing a cat than choking her with cream.


If you can't be good, be careful.
If you can't be careful, give me a call.


	Well, this woman went to the butcher shop to get some ham for dinner.
She asked the butcher what kind of ham he recommended, and the butcher said,
"Well ma'am, we got some Damn ham here for $3.50 a pound..."  Needless to
say, she was surprised at the butcher's language!  The butcher, who was
reasonably astute, noticed the alarmed look on the woman's face, and quickly
justified himself.  "No, no, ma'am, I wasn't cursin', the NAME of this here
ham is "Damn ham".  Amused, the woman requested some "Damn ham."
	That night, before dinner, the woman took her husband aside and
explained what had happened at the butcher shop.  He also was amused, and
suggested that they play a joke on their son.  So, at dinner, after grace,
the man turned to his wife and said, "Honey, pass the damn ham."
	Their son looked up, surprised.  "WHOAH!  Dad be gettin' hip!
How 'bout them mother-fuckin' potatoes?"


	Are you a Young Urban Professional Woman?  If so, you know how
Yuppie women are; cold, ruthless bitches with no time for love, and only
an occasional weekend for sex.  Your one "hot date" with Joe Fastrack,
rising corporate star, ended in disaster.  Yesterday you heard him telling
a friend over lunch, "The woman must masturbate with popsicles!"  Well,
all is not lost!  SofSqueeze can change your nickname to Electrolux in just
15 minutes a day!
	SofSqueeze is a pressure sensitive device (divided into appropriate
sections) that plugs into the serial port of most home computers.  Through
the magic of biofeedback, SofSqueeze teaches you control over your vaginal
muscles.  With our exciting, easy-to-follow software you'll master the
"Cincinnati Squeeze", the "Irresistible", the "California Crusher", and,
of course, the perennial favorite, "Milking Time Down on the Farm".  Or,
using our exclusive Interactive Mode, invent your own!
	SofSqueeze is made of sturdy ABS plastic, and is completely
immersible for easy cleaning.  SofSqueeze's flesh-toned exterior is finely
textured for a realistic effect.  Requires 4K RAM, a DB25 serial port and
limited graphics capability.  Comes fully assembled, with 4 AA batteries.


As I was going up Punch Card Hill,
	Feeling worse and worser,
There I met a C.R.T.
	And it drop't me a cursor.

C.R.T., C.R.T.,
	Phosphors light on you!
If I had fifty hours a day
	I'd spend them all at you.
		-- Uncle Colonel's Cursory Rhymes


Do not use that foreign word "ideals".  We have that excellent native
word "lies".
		-- Henrik Ibsen, "The Wild Duck"


To lead people, you must follow behind.
		-- Lao Tsu


He who has but four and spends five has no need for a wallet.


No spitting on the Bus!
Thank you, The Management.


There are more things in heaven and earth,
Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
		-- Hamlet


Famous last words:
	1: Everything that you'll need to know is in the manual.
	2: You and what army?
	3: Don't worry, I can handle it.
	4: If you were as smart as you think you are, you wouldn't
		be a cop.
	5: I don't see how they make a profit
		out of this stuff at a dollar and a quarter a fifth.
	6: We're just getting into semantics again.
	7: Everything's under control.
	8: He's an asshole!  Don't try to "shush" me!


If the American dream is for Americans only, it will remain our dream
and never be our destiny.
		-- Ren'e de Visme Williamson


And on the third day, Christ arose, pushed aside the rock that had served
as the tomb door, and walked again on the earth.
	And as he departed, a passer-by pointed at the door Jesus had left
open.  "What's the matter with you?" he said. "Born in a barn?"


Toto, I have a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore.
		-- Judy Garland as Dorothy Gale, "The Wizard of Oz"


	"I'm looking for adventure, excitement, beautiful women," cried the
young man to his father as he prepared to leave home.  "Don't try to stop me.
I'm on my way."
	"Who's trying to stop you?" shouted the father.  "Take me along!"


Chaos is King and Magic is loose in the world.


Nothing is better than Sex.
Masturbation is better than nothing.
Therefore, Masturbation is better than Sex.


This universe shipped by weight, not by volume.  Some expansion of the
contents may have occurred during shipment.


