The world is a comedy to those who think,
and a tragedy to those who feel.
		-- Horace Walpole


Nobody is one block of harmony.  We are all afraid of something, or feel
limited in something.  We all need somebody to talk to.  It would be good
if we talked to each other--not just pitter-patter, but real talk.  We
shouldn't be so afraid, because most people really like this contact;
that you show you are vulnerable makes them free to be vulnerable too.
It's so much easier to be together when we drop our masks.
		-- Liv Ullman


Eating chocolate is like being in love without the aggravation.


And I heard Jeff exclaim,
As they strolled out of sight,
"Merry Christmas to all --
You take credit cards, right?"
		-- "Outsiders" comic


Do married women make the best wives?


You can grovel with a lover, you can grovel with a friend,
You can grovel with your boss, and it never has to end.

(chorus)	Grovel, grovel, grovel, every night and every day,
		Grovel, grovel, grovel, in your own peculiar way.

You can grovel in a hallway, you can grovel in a park,
You can grovel in an alley with a mugger after dark.
(chorus)

You can grovel with your uncle, you can grovel with your aunt,
You can grovel with your Apple, even though you say you can't.
(chorus)


A New Way of Taking Pills
	A physician one night in Wisconsin being disturbed by a burglar, and
having no ball or shot for his pistol, noiselessly loaded the weapon with
small, hard pills, and gave the intruder a "prescription" which he thinks
will go far towards curing the rascal of a very bad ailment.
		-- Nevada Morning Transcript, January 30, 1861


God is the tangential point between zero and infinity.
		-- Alfred Jarry


They couldn't hit an elephant at this dist...
		-- Civil War General John Sedgwick, his last words,
		   Battle of Spotsylvania Court House, 1864


A mind is a wonderful thing to waste.


Since before the Earth was formed and before the sun burned hot in space,
cosmic forces of inexorable power have been working relentlessly toward
this moment in space-time -- your receiving this fortune.


SUGAR DADDY:
	A man who can afford to raise cain.


The best man for the job is often a woman.


Riffle West Virginia is so small that the
Boy Scout had to double as the town drunk.


It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be
privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to
corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


15 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Man:

 1. A beer doesn't care that you don't balance your checkbook.
 2. Tall, dark, good-looking beers are common.
 3. A beer won't steal all the covers.
 4. A beer doesn't have friends who will drink all your beer.
 5. A beer wouldn't yell if you dented the car.
 6. A beer doesn't buy everything labeled "turbo".
 7. You don't have to laugh at a beer's jokes.
 8. A beer is not kinky unless you want it to be kinky.
 9. A beer always lets you read the Sunday comics first.
10. A beer doesn't think poetry is queer.
11. If the beer is finished before you are, you can have another beer.
12. A beer won't talk about the women who had it before you.
13. A beer's life does not revolve around the world series.
14. A beer won't mind at all if you're not in the mood for beer.
15. A beer will NEVER call you "Babe".  Or "Sugar".


While you don't greatly need the outside world, it's
still very reassuring to know that it's still there.


No discipline is ever requisite to force attendance upon
lectures which are really worth the attending.
		-- Adam Smith, "The Wealth of Nations"


AQUARIUS (Jan. 20 to Feb. 18)
	A friend will step forward and confide in you about your breath.  Rely
	on your outgoing personality and winning smile to get you into a lot
	of trouble.  Be relaxed, things will change.  Look for a pink slip on
	payday.  Stop wetting your bed.


The rules:

1:  Thou shalt not worship other computer systems.
2:  Thou shalt not impersonate Liberace or eat watermelon while sitting at
	the console keyboard.
3:  Thou shalt not slap users on the face, nor staple their silly little
	card decks together.
4:  Thou shalt not get physically involved with the computer system,
	especially if you're already married.
5:  Thou shalt not use magnetic tapes as Frisbees, nor use a disk pack as
	a stool to reach another disk pack.
6:  Thou shalt not stare at the blinking lights for more than one 8 hour
	shift.
7:  Thou shalt not tell users that you accidentally destroyed their
	files/backup just to see the look on their little faces.
8:  Thou shalt not enjoy canceling a job.
9:  Thou shalt not display firearms in the computer room.
10: Thou shalt not push buttons "just to see what happens".


Stay the curse.


				UNIX Trix

For those of you in the reseller business, here is a helpful tip that will
save your support staff a few hours of precious time.  Before you send your
next machine out to an untrained client, change the permissions on /etc/passwd
to 666 and make sure there is a copy somewhere on the disk.  Now when they
forget the root password, you can easily login as an ordinary user and correct
the damage.  Having a bootable tape (for larger machines) is not a bad idea
either.  If you need some help, give us a call.

		-- CommUNIXque 1:1, ASCAR Business Systems


Q:	What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back?
A:	A stick.


Tout choses sont dites deja, mais comme
personne n'ecoute, il faut toujours recommencer.
		-- A. Gide


"I'm dying," he croaked.
"My experiment was a success," the chemist retorted.
"You can't really train a beagle," he dogmatized.
"That's no beagle, it's a mongrel," she muttered.
"The fire is going out," he bellowed.
"Bad marksmanship," the hunter groused.
"You ought to see a psychiatrist," he reminded me.
"You snake," she rattled.
"Someone's at the door," she chimed.
"Company's coming," she guessed.
"Dawn came too soon," she mourned.
"I think I'll end it all," Sue sighed.
"I ordered chocolate, not vanilla," I screamed.
"Your embroidery is sloppy," she needled cruelly.
"Where did you get this meat?" he bridled hoarsely.
		-- Gyles Brandreth, "The Joy of Lex"


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(27) Soviet leaders were actually left-wing dictators.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


If the American dream is for Americans only, it will remain our dream
and never be our destiny.
		-- Ren'e de Visme Williamson


Love may laugh at locksmiths, but he has a profound respect for money bags.
		-- Sidney Paternoster, "The Folly of the Wise"


QOTD:
	"My mother was the travel agent for guilt trips."


Yeah, but you're taking the universe out of context.


	"Anything else, sir?" asked the attentive bellhop, trying his best
to make the lady and gentleman comfortable in their penthouse suite in the
posh hotel.
	"No.  No, thank you," replied the gentleman.
	"Anything for your wife, sir?" the bellhop asked.
	"Why, yes, young man," said the gentleman.  "Would you bring me
a postcard?"


It is enough to make one sympathize with a tyrant for the determination
of his courtiers to deceive him for their own personal ends...
		-- Russell Baker and Charles Peters


Alimony is like buying oats for a dead horse.
		-- Arthur Baer


Time flies like an arrow, but fruit flies like a banana.


Marijuana is like Coors beer.  If you could buy the damn stuff
at a Georgia filling station, you'd decide you wouldn't want it.
		-- Billy Carter


Children aren't happy without something to ignore,
And that's what parents were created for.
		-- Ogden Nash


Everyone is more or less mad on one point.
		-- Rudyard Kipling


In Xanadu did Kubla Khan a stately pleasure dome decree
But only if the NFL to a franchise would agree.


The course of true anything never does run smooth.
		-- Samuel Butler


You have been bitchy since Tuesday and you'll probably get fired today.


Hypocrite, n.:
	A man who says he likes cats, but won't eat pussy.


Cheap things are of no value, valuable things are not cheap.


Hire the handicapped -- they're fun to watch!


Last week a cop stopped me in my car.  He asked me if I had a police record.
I said, no, but I have the new DEVO album.  Cops have no sense of humor.


In a bottle, the neck is always at the top.


John Birch Society:
	That pathetic manifestation of organized apoplexy.
		-- Edward P. Morgan


I like paying taxes.  With them I buy civilization.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


Don't be humble, you're not that great.
		-- Golda Meir


BE A LOOF!  (There has been a recent population explosion of lerts.)


I've finally learned what "upward compatible" means.
It means we get to keep all our old mistakes.
		-- Dennie van Tassel


Real Programmers don't play tennis, or any other sport that requires
you to change clothes.  Mountain climbing is OK, and real programmers
wear their climbing boots to work in case a mountain should suddenly
spring up in the middle of the machine room.


Jesus loves you, but everybody else thinks you're a dork.


Be a better psychiatrist and the world
will beat a psychopath to your door.


Share, n.:
	To give in, endure humiliation.


If the Nazi's had television with satellite technology, we'd all be
goose-stepping.  Americans are just as suggestible.
		-- Frank Zappa


Truth has no special time of its own.  Its hour is now -- always.
		-- Albert Schweitzer


I had the rare misfortune of being one of the first people to try and
implement a PL/1 compiler.
		-- T. Cheatham


Unfortunately, most programmers like to play with new toys.  I have many
friends who, immediately upon buying a snakebite kit, would be tempted to
throw the first person they see to the ground, tie the tourniquet on him,
slash him with the knife, and apply suction to the wound.
		-- Jon Bentley


Please go away.


[In the 60's] there was madness in any direction, at any hour ...  You
could strike sparks anywhere.  There was a fantastic universal sense
that whatever we were doing was `right', that we were winning ...

And that, I think, was the handle -- the sense of inevitable victory
over the forces of Old and Evil.  Not in any mean or military sense; we
didn't need that.  Our energy would simply `prevail'.  There was no
point in fighting -- on our side or theirs.  We had all the momentum;
we were riding the crest of a high and beautiful wave ...

So now, less than five years later, you can go up on a steep hill in
Las Vegas and look West, and with the right kind of eyes you can almost
_s_e_e the high-water mark -- the place where the wave finally broke and
rolled back.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas"


I'll burn my books.
		-- Christopher Marlowe


Squatcho, n.:
	The button at the top of a baseball cap.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


It's hard to keep a good girl down -- but lots of fun trying.


The IRS spends God knows how much of your tax money on these toll-free
information hot lines staffed by IRS employees, whose idea of a
dynamite tax tip is that you should print neatly.  If you ask them a
real tax question, such as how you can cheat, they're useless.

So, for guidance, you want to look to big business.  Big business never
pays a nickel in taxes, according to Ralph Nader, who represents a big
consumer organization that never pays a nickel in taxes...
		-- Dave Barry, "Sweating Out Taxes"


Everything in this book may be wrong.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


The two men feigned friendship but secretly hated each other's guts and took
great pleasure in giving one another the needle on any and all occasions.
This particular evening they met, quite by accident, at a popular bar.
The conversation started innocently enough; then one, with sudden inspiration,
ran his hand over the other's bald head and exclaimed,
	"By God, Fred, that feels just like my wife's ass!"
The other ran his own hand over his head and nonchalantly retorted,
	"Well, I'll be damned, Jim, so it does, so it does!"


Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result.
		-- Winston Churchill

Next to being shot at and missed, nothing is really quite as
satisfying as an income tax refund.
		-- F. J. Raymond


Quack!
	Quack!! Quack!!


Q:	How do you make a dead baby float?
A:	With 2 scoops of dead baby and some rootbeer.


Hackers do it with bugs.


We don't have to protect the environment -- the Second Coming is at
hand.
		-- James Watt


Please help keep the world clean: others may wish to use it.


Life is like a simile.


Pardon me, sir, but you've obviously
mistaken me for someone who gives a shit.


The very proper spinster didn't go out very often, but she had some important
shopping to do that morning and so decided to have her lunch in what appeared
to be a nice quiet respectable restaurant.  With the noontime crowd, many
customers shared their tables with strangers; the spinster selected a seat
next to an attractive, young office girl.  The girl finished her sandwich and
coffee, then settled back and lit up a cigarette.  The older woman controlled
herself for a few moments and then snapped,
	"I'd rather commit adultery than smoke in public."
	"So would I," said the girl, "but I only have half an hour for lunch."


Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
		-- Will Rogers


Dr. Jekyll had something to Hyde.


I bet you think you're pretty cool driving around without auto insurance.
You're probably saying to yourself, "I'm beating the system."  But what's
going to happen when you get pulled over and lose your license because
you're not insured.  What girl's going to ride shotgun on a ten-speed on
a Saturday Night?  Yeah, you're going to be beating more than the system...
		-- auto insurance ad, heard on KNAC, Long Beach


Every man is as God made him, ay, and often worse.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


Money is the root of all evil, and man needs roots.


While anyone can admit to themselves they were
wrong, the true test is admission to someone else.


As failures go, attempting to recall the past is like trying to grasp
the meaning of existence.  Both make one feel like a baby clutching at
a basketball: one's palms keep sliding off.
		-- Joseph Brodsky


1/2 oz. gin
1/2 oz. vodka
1/2 oz. rum (preferably dark)
3/4 oz. tequila
1/2 oz. triple sec
1/2 oz. orange juice
3/4 oz. sour mix
1/2 oz. cola
shake with ice and strain into frosted glass.
		Long Island Iced Tea


Jim Nasium's Law:
	In a large locker room with hundreds of lockers, the few people
	using the facility at any one time will all have lockers next to
	each other so that everybody is cramped.


History is nothing but a collection of fables and useless trifles,
cluttered up with a mass of unnecessary figures and proper names.
		-- Leo Tolstoy


One day the King decided that he would force all his subjects to tell the
truth.  A gallows was erected in front of the city gates.  A herald announced,
"Whoever would enter the city must first answer the truth to a question
which will be put to him."  Nasrudin was first in line.  The captain of the
guard asked him, "Where are you going?  Tell the truth -- the alternative
is death by hanging."
	"I am going," said Nasrudin, "to be hanged on that gallows."
	"I don't believe you."
	"Very well, if I have told a lie, then hang me!"
	"But that would make it the truth!"
	"Exactly," said Nasrudin, "your truth."


I smell a wumpus.


If you can't say anything good about someone, sit right here by me.
		-- Alice Roosevelt Longworth


It is much easier to suggest solutions
when you know nothing about the problem.


Breadth-first search is the bulldozer of science.
		-- Randy Goebel


	The young male race horse came from a long line of winners, and did
wonderfully in time trials.  However, in actual races he proved a little too
romantic, and could never quite bring himself to pass a mare.
	So one day the trainer went to him and told him he'd have to be
castrated.  The young horse, knowing that it was either this or the glue
factory, took it philosophically.  After all, having the operation was
almost a certain guarantee of a long and illustrious racing career.
	After a short recovery period, the horse was again run in time
trials, and found to do as well as ever.  But the first time he actually
ran in a race, he only went about ten paces, before getting a dejected look
on his face, turning around, and ambling back to the starting gates.
	"What's the matter?" asked the trainer, "you were doing great!"
	"Yeah, well how would you feel" replied the horse, "if five thousand
people took one look at you and shouted `they're off!'?"


Save yourself!  Reboot in 5 seconds!


Text processing has made it possible to right-justify any idea, even
one which cannot be justified on any other grounds.
		-- J. Finnegan, USC


I'm not the person your mother warned you about... her imagination isn't
that good.
		-- Amy Gorin


Don't get even, get odd.


I respect the institution of marriage.  I have always thought that every
woman should marry -- and no man.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli, "Lothair"


Man's reach must exceed his grasp, for why else the heavens?


It is impossible to enjoy idling thoroughly
unless one has plenty of work to do.
		-- Jerome Klapka Jerome


	The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy has a few things to say on
the subject of towels.
	Most importantly, a towel has immense psychological value.  For
some reason, if a non-hitchhiker discovers that a hitchhiker has his towel
with him, he will automatically assume that he is also in possession of a
toothbrush, washcloth, flask, gnat spray, space suit, etc., etc.  Furthermore,
the non-hitchhiker will then happily lend the hitchhiker any of these or
a dozen other items that he may have "lost".  After all, any man who can
hitch the length and breadth of the Galaxy, struggle against terrible odds,
win through and still know where his towel is, is clearly a man to be
reckoned with.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Delores breezed along the surface of her life like a flat stone forever
skipping along smooth water, rippling reality sporadically but oblivious
to it consistently, until she finally lost momentum, sank, and due to an
overdose of fluoride as a child which caused her to suffer from chronic
apathy, doomed herself to lie forever on the floor of her life as useless
as an appendix and as lonely as a five-hundred pound barbell in a
steroid-free fitness center.
		-- Winning sentence, 1990 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest


Drew's Law of Highway Biology:
	The first bug to hit a clean windshield
	lands directly in front of your eyes.


The Anglo-Saxon conscience does not prevent the Anglo-Saxon from
sinning, it merely prevents him from enjoying his sin.
		-- Salvador De Madariaga


I know you think you thought you knew what you thought I said,
but I'm not sure you understood what you thought I meant.


Ahead warp factor one, Mr. Sulu.


She stood on the tracks
Waving her arms
Leading me to that third rail shock
Quick as a wink
She changed her mind

She gave me a night
That's all it was
What will it take until I stop
Kidding myself
Wasting my time

There's nothing else I can do
'Cause I'm doing it all for Leyna
I don't want anyone new
'Cause I'm living it all for Leyna
There's nothing in it for you
'Cause I'm giving it all to Leyna
		-- Billy Joel, "All for Leyna" (Glass Houses)


Dear Emily, what about test messages?
		-- Concerned

Dear Concerned:
	It is important, when testing, to test the entire net.  Never test
merely a subnet distribution when the whole net can be done.  Also put "please
ignore" on your test messages, since we all know that everybody always skips
a message with a line like that.  Don't use a subject like "My sex is female
but I demand to be addressed as male." because such articles are read in depth
by all USEnauts.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette


He was a fiddler, and consequently a rogue.
		-- Jonathan Swift


Nobody shot me.
		-- Frank Gusenberg, his last words, when asked by police
		   who had shot him 14 times with a machine gun in the
		   Saint Valentine's Day Massacre.

Only Capone kills like that.
		-- George "Bugs" Moran, on the Saint Valentine's Day Massacre

The only man who kills like that is Bugs Moran.
		-- Al Capone, on the Saint Valentine's Day Massacre


	A man was just settling down into his seat for a cross-country
flight when he noticed a beautiful woman sitting next to him, wearing a
large button with the letters "NAA" on it.
	"What's that?" he asked, pointing to her button.
	"Nymphomaniacs Association of America" she replied.
	After a moments thought he said, "Well, if you wouldn't mind my
asking, but I've always wanted to know, who are the best, ummm, `endowed'
men?"
	"Well, it's not what you think.  Native Americans.  They're better
hung than *anybody*."
	"And is it true that the French are the best lovers?"
	"No, Jewish men.  Once you finally get them going they can last
all night.  By the way, my name is Sue.  What's yours?"
	"Running Bear Sheldon."


One picture is worth more than ten thousand words.
		-- Chinese proverb


