A copy of the universe is not what is required of art; one of the
damned things is ample.
		-- Rebecca West


Sendmail may be safely run set-user-id to root.
		-- Eric Allman, "Sendmail Installation Guide"


You are a bundle of energy, always on the go.


If God had intended Man to Watch TV, He would have given him Rabbit Ears.


The net is like a vast sea of lutefisk with tiny dinosaur brains embedded
in it here and there. Any given spoonful will likely have an IQ of 1, but
occasional spoonfuls may have an IQ more than six times that!
		-- James "Kibo" Parry


Revolutionary, adj.:
	Repackaged.


The temperature of Heaven can be rather accurately computed from available
data.  Our authority is Isaiah 30:26, "Moreover, the light of the Moon
shall be as the light of the Sun and the light of the Sun shall be sevenfold,
as the light of seven days."  Thus Heaven receives from the Moon as much
radiation as we do from the Sun, and in addition seven times seven (49) times
as much as the Earth does from the Sun, or fifty times in all.  The light we
receive from the Moon is one ten-thousandth of the light we receive from the
Sun, so we can ignore that.  With these data we can compute the temperature
of Heaven.  The radiation falling on Heaven will heat it to the point where
the heat lost by radiation is just equal to the heat received by radiation,
i.e., Heaven loses fifty times as much heat as the Earth by radiation.  Using
the Stefan-Boltzmann law for radiation, (H/E)^4 = 50, where E is the absolute
temperature of the earth (~300K), gives H as 798K (525C).  The exact
temperature of Hell cannot be computed, but it must be less than 444.6C, the
temperature at which brimstone or sulphur changes from a liquid to a gas.
Revelations 21:8 says "But the fearful, and unbelieving ... shall have their
part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone."  A lake of molten
brimstone means that its temperature must be at or below the boiling point,
or 444.6C  (Above this point it would be a vapor, not a lake.)  We have,
then, that Heaven, at 525C is hotter than Hell at 445C.
		-- "Applied Optics", vol. 11, A14, 1972


The degree of technical confidence is inversely
proportional to the level of management.


It's a .88 magnum -- it goes through schools.
		-- Danny Vermin


Beneath this stone a virgin lies,
For her life held no terrors.
A virgin born, a virgin died:
No hits, no runs, no errors.


Alas, how love can trifle with itself!
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Two Gentlemen of Verona"


Perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things.


Democracy, n.:
	In which you say what you like and do what you're told.
		-- Gerald Barry

The difference between a Democracy and a Dictatorship is that in a
Democracy you vote first and take orders later; in a Dictatorship
you don't have to waste your time voting.
		-- Charles Bukowski


"The testes are cooler outside,"
Said the doc to the curious bride,
	"For the semen must not
	Get too fucking hot,
And the bag fans your bum on the ride."


You've been leading a dog's life.  Stay off the furniture.


Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
		-- George Santayana


I love you more than anything in this world.  I don't expect that will last.
		-- Elvis Costello


LETTERS TO THE EDITOR (The Times of London)

Dear Sir,

I am firmly opposed to the spread of microchips either to the home or
to the office.  We have more than enough of them foisted upon us in
public places.  They are a disgusting Americanism, and can only result
in the farmers being forced to grow smaller potatoes, which in turn
will cause massive unemployment in the already severely depressed
agricultural industry.

Yours faithfully,
	Capt. Quinton D'Arcy, J. P.
	Sevenoaks


I know it all.  I just can't remember it all at once.


People who have what they want are very fond of telling people who haven't
what they want that they don't want it.
		-- Ogden Nash


	Thompson, if he is to be believed, has sampled the entire
rainbow of legal and illegal drugs in heroic efforts to feel better
than he does.
	As for the truth about his health: I have asked around about
it.  I am told that he appears to be strong and rosy, and steadily
sane.  But we will be doing what he wants us to do, I think, if we
consider his exterior a sort of Dorian Gray facade.  Inwardly, he is
being eaten alive by tinhorn politicians.
	The disease is fatal.  There is no known cure.  The most we can
do for the poor devil, it seems to me, is to name his disease in his
honor.  From this moment on, let all those who feel that Americans can
be as easily led to beauty as to ugliness, to truth as to public
relations, to joy as to bitterness, be said to be suffering from Hunter
Thompson's disease.  I don't have it this morning.  It comes and goes.
This morning I don't have Hunter Thompson's disease.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr. on Dr. Hunter S. Thompson: Excerpt
		   from "A Political Disease", Vonnegut's review of "Fear
		   and Loathing: On the Campaign Trail '72"


Kill 'em all, and let God sort 'em out.


Heavy, adj.:
	Seduced by the chocolate side of the force.


So she went into the garden to cut a cabbage leaf to make an apple pie; and
at the same time a great she-bear, coming up the street pops its head into
the shop. "What! no soap?"  So he died, and she very imprudently married
the barber; and there were present the Picninnies, and the Grand Panjandrum
himself, with the little round button at top, and they all fell to playing
the game of catch as catch can, till the gunpowder ran out at the heels of
their boots.
		-- Samuel Foote


Optimization hinders evolution.


That's life for you, said McDunn.  Someone always waiting for someone
who never comes home.  Always someone loving something more than that
thing loves them.  And after awhile you want to destroy whatever that
thing is, so it can't hurt you no more.
		-- Ray Bradbury, "The Fog Horn"


Q:	What do you get when you cross James Dean with Ronald Reagan?
A:	A rebel without a clue.


Eternity, n.:
	The length of time between when you come and he leaves.


Indifference will certainly be the downfall of mankind, but who cares?


If you can't get your work done in the first 24 hours, work nights.


What luck for the rulers that men do not think.
		-- Adolf Hitler


	A Mexican and a Texan worked together for a construction firm, and,
while they were good friends, they had a friendly rivalry over whose wife
was the better cook.  One weekend, as the Texan's wife was out of town, the
Mexican invited the Texan to have supper with his family.
	The Texan accepted, and that evening sat down to some the best stew
that he had ever eaten.
	"Damn!  That stew is fantastic!" he exclaimed to his host.  "What
kind of meat is it?"
	"Rabbeet stew," replied the Mexican.
	"Rabbit?" replied the Texan. "There aren't any rabbits around here."
	"Si, my freend, the rabbeets make the beeg noise, and I shoot theem."
	"Rabbits don't make any noise..."
	"Si, my freend, they say meeyow, meeyow!"


Clothes make the man.
Naked people have little or no influence on society.
		-- Mark Twain


If you don't ride a camel to work, you ain't Sheeite.


The struggling for knowledge has a pleasure in it
like that of wrestling with a fine woman.
		-- Lord Halifax


Ronald Reagan -- America's favorite placebo


Even a hawk is an eagle among crows.


Don't you wish that all the people who sincerely
want to help you could agree with each other?


A woman may very well form a friendship with a man, but for this to endure,
it must be assisted by a little physical antipathy.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


A yawn is a silent shout.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


The price of seeking to force our beliefs on others is that someday
they might force their beliefs on us.
		-- Mario Cuomo


If you don't count some of Jehovah's injunctions, there are no humorists
in the Bible.
		-- Mordecai Richler


Lay on, MacDuff, and curs'd be him who first cries, "Hold, enough!".
		-- William Shakespeare


You may worry about your hair-do today, but tomorrow much peanut butter will
be sold.


Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow they may make it illegal.


Hear about...
	the little boy that found a fifty cent piece, so he went home
	for some money?


Why are we importing all these highbrow plays like "Amadeus?"  I could
have told you Mozart was a jerk for nothing.
		-- Ian Shoales


Patience is the best remedy for every trouble.
		-- Titus Maccius Plautus


I don't have an eating problem.  I eat.
I get fat.  I buy new clothes.  No problem.


A boy gets to be a man when a man is needed.
		-- John Steinbeck


My rackets are run on strictly American
lines, and they're going to stay that way.
		-- Al Capone


If women ran the military complex, would the missiles be shaped differently?


Disks travel in packs.


[Norm returns from the hospital.]

Coach:  What's up, Norm?
Norm:   Everything that's supposed to be.
		-- Cheers, Diane Meets Mom

Sam:	What's new, Normie?
Norm:	Terrorists, Sam.  They've taken over my stomach.
	They're demanding beer.
		-- Cheers, The Heart is a Lonely Snipehunter

Coach: What'll it be, Normie?
Norm:  Just the usual, Coach.  I'll have a froth of beer and a snorkel.
		-- Cheers, King of the Hill


I go the way that Providence dictates.
		-- Adolf Hitler


Keep cool, but don't freeze.
		-- Hellman's Mayonnaise


I am an optimist.  It does not seem too much use being anything else.
		-- Winston Churchill


You may get an opportunity for advancement today.  Watch it!


Of course you can't flap your arms and fly to the moon.
After awhile you'd run out of air to push against.


That secret you've been guarding, isn't.


You have the body of a 19 year old.  Please return it before it gets
wrinkled.


Stinginess with privileges is kindness in disguise.
		-- Guide to VAX/VMS Security, Sep. 1984


It seems that John gets this phone call:
	"Hello," he answers.  The voice on the other end of the line
is hard and cold.
	"This is Susan," he hears.  "We met at a party a few months
ago.
	"Of course, Susan!", John replies.  "How are you?"
	"Not very well.  Remember how after the party you took me home and
we parked?  And you told me that I was a 'good sport'?  Well, I'm pregnant
and I'm going to kill myself tonight."
	John is silent for a few moments, collecting his thoughts.  "Well,"
he finally replies, "you sure *are* a good sport."


Let's say your wedding ring falls into your toaster, and when you stick your
hand in to retrieve it, you suffer Pain and Suffering as well as Mental
Anguish.  You would sue:

* The toaster manufacturer, for failure to include, in the instructions
  section that says you should never never never ever stick you hand
  into the toaster, the statement "Not even if your wedding ring falls
  in there".

* The store where you bought the toaster, for selling it to an obvious
  cretin like yourself.

* Union Carbide Corporation, which is not directly responsible in this
  case, but which is feeling so guilty that it would probably send you
  a large cash settlement anyway.
		-- Dave Barry


One nuclear bomb can ruin your whole day.


A transistor protected by a fast-acting
fuse will protect the fuse by blowing first.


Life is like arriving late for a movie, having to figure out what was
going on without bothering everybody with a lot of questions, and then
being unexpectedly called away before you find out how it ends.


Seems like there were these two dogs in a vet's waiting room, each eyeing
the other suspiciously.  One of them turns to the other.
	"What are you here for?" he asks.
	"Well," replies the other, "I was feeling really bad the other day,
and Master's six year old son started bothering me. I tried to ignore it,
but I was feeling so rotten that I bit his hand."
	"Yeah, I now what you mean.  So, what are you here for?"
	"Erm ... well ... Master reckons that I'm too vicious, so I'm going
to be ... you know ... I'm going to have the *operation*."
	"Oh.  Well, I'm sorry," sympathized the first dog.
	Time passed. The about-to-be-neutered dog coughed politely.
	"So," he asked, "What are you in here for?"
	"Oh, nothing really," the other replied, embarrassed.
	"Go on, I told you, it *can't* be as bad!"
	"OK.  Well, it's like this.  The bitch next door was in heat, and so
I was feeling, you know, a bit randy.  Then Mistress came into the kitchen
wearing a short skirt and no underwear, and she bent over.  I just couldn't
resist it!" admitted the dog.
	"Oh!  So you're here for the operation too!"
	"No," came the reply, "I'm here to have my nails clipped!"


Let us live!!!
Let us love!!!
Let us share the deepest secrets of our souls!!!

You first.


The trouble with this country is that there are too many politicians
who believe, with a conviction based on experience, that you can fool
all of the people all of the time.
		-- Franklin Adams


You know my heart keeps tellin' me,
You're not a kid at thirty-three,
You play around you lose your wife,
You play too long, you lose your life.
Some gotta win, some gotta lose,
Goodtime Charlie's got the blues.


Knowledge is power.
		-- Francis Bacon


Opiates are the religion of the upper-middle classes.
		-- Debbie VanDam


Success is the sole earthly judge of right and wrong.
		-- Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf"


Once was a hooker named Gail,
Busted and sent-off to jail,
	She liked the jailer,
	He wanted to nail her,
So Gail made bail with her tail.


Sudden Death Dating:

Quote, female:
	Am I worried about taking his last name?  Forget it,
	at this point I'll take his first name, too.


TAXIDERMIST:
	A man who mounts animals.


Fuch's Warning:
	If you actually look like your passport photo, you aren't well
	enough to travel.


If you steal from one author it's plagiarism; if you steal from
many it's research.
		-- Wilson Mizner


The only difference between your girlfriend
and a barracuda is the nail polish.


WYSIWYG:
	What You See Is What You Get.


Cynic, n.:
	One who looks through rose-colored glasses with a jaundiced
	eye.


Acting is not very hard.  The most important things are to be able to laugh
and cry.  If I have to cry, I think of my sex life.  And if I have to laugh,
well, I think of my sex life.
		-- Glenda Jackson


The universe is ruled by letting things take their course.
It cannot be ruled by interfering.
		-- Chinese proverb


Laughing at you is like drop kicking a wounded humming bird.


Where there's a will, there's an Inheritance Tax.


Philosophy will clip an angel's wings.
		-- John Keats


Why can't you be a non-conformist like everyone else?


Dignity is like a flag.
It flaps in a storm.
		-- Roy Mengot


The War on Drugs is just a small part of the War on the United States
Constitution.


You will have long and healthy life.


Young men are fitter to invent than to judge; fitter for execution than for
counsel; and fitter for new projects than for settled business.  For the
experience of age, in things that fall within the compass of it, directeth
them; but in new things, abuseth them.  The errors of young men are the ruin
of business; but the errors of aged men amount but to this, that more might
have been done, or sooner.  Young men, in the conduct and management of
actions, embrace more than they can hold; stir more than they can quiet; fly
to the end, without consideration of the means and degrees; pursue some few
principles which they have chanced upon absurdly; care not how they innovate,
which draws unknown inconveniences; and, that which doubleth all errors, will
not acknowledge or retract them; like an unready horse, that will neither stop
nor turn.  Men of age object too much, consult too long, adventure too little,
repent too soon, and seldom drive business home to the full period, but
content themselves with a mediocrity of success.  Certainly, it is good to
compound employments of both ... because the virtues of either age may correct
the defects of both.
		-- Francis Bacon, "Essay on Youth and Age"


Do not stoop to tie your laces in your neighbor's melon patch.


There are no games on this system.


An egg has the shortest sex-life of all: it gets laid once; it gets
eaten once.  It also has to come in a box with 11 others, and the only
person who will sit on its face is its mother.


Great acts are made up of small deeds.
		-- Lao Tsu


The whole religious complexion of the modern world is due to the
absence from Jerusalem of a lunatic asylum.
		-- Havelock Ellis


The future is a myth created by insurance
salesmen and high school counselors.


BULLWINKLE: "You just leave that to my pal.  He's the brains of the
	    outfit."
GENERAL:    "What does that make YOU?"
BULLWINKLE: "What else?  An executive..."
		-- Jay Ward, "Rocky and Bullwinkle"


Physicists do it with charm.


Nasrudin walked into a teahouse and declaimed, "The moon is more useful
than the sun."
	"Why?", he was asked.
	"Because at night we need the light more."


As Will Rogers would have said,
"There is no such things as a free variable."


The one charm of marriage is that it makes a life of deception a necessity.
		-- Oscar Wilde


