A fool and his honey are soon parted.


Your lucky number has been disconnected.


Success has many fathers, but failure is a bastard.


Couples in motion have moments.


Support the American Kidney Foundation.
Don't wear your motorcycle helmet.


A is for awk, which runs like a snail, and
B is for biff, which reads all your mail.
C is for cc, as hackers recall, while
D is for dd, the command that does all.
E is for emacs, which rebinds your keys, and
F is for fsck, which rebuilds your trees.
G is for grep, a clever detective, while
H is for halt, which may seem defective.
I is for indent, which rarely amuses, and
J is for join, which nobody uses.
K is for kill, which makes you the boss, while
L is for lex, which is missing from DOS.
M is for more, from which less was begot, and
N is for nice, which it really is not.
O is for od, which prints out things nice, while
P is for passwd, which reads in strings twice.
Q is for quota, a Berkeley-type fable, and
R is for ranlib, for sorting ar table.
S is for spell, which attempts to belittle, while
T is for true, which does very little.
U is for uniq, which is used after sort, and
V is for vi, which is hard to abort.
W is for whoami, which tells you your name, while
X is, well, X, of dubious fame.
Y is for yes, which makes an impression, and
Z is for zcat, which handles compression.
		-- THE ABC'S OF UNIX


Many companies that have made themselves dependent on [the equipment of a
certain major manufacturer] (and in doing so have sold their soul to the
devil) will collapse under the sheer weight of the unmastered complexity of
their data processing systems.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


Houdini escaping from New Jersey!


I live the way I type; fast, with a lot of mistakes.


Mophobia, n.:
	Fear of being verbally abused by a Mississippian.


Which would you rather have, a bursting
planet or an earthquake here and there?
		-- John Joseph Lynch


In Lowes Crossroads, Delaware, it is a violation of local law for any
pilot or passenger to carry an ice cream cone in their pocket while
either flying or waiting to board a plane.


What fools these morals be!


Uppers are no longer stylish, methedrine is almost as rare as pure acid
or DMT.  "Consciousness Expansion" went out with LBJ and it is worth
noting, historically, that downers came in with Nixon.
		-- Dr. Hunter S. Thompson


You're almost as happy as you think you are.


One-Shot Case Study, n.:
	The scientific equivalent of the four-leaf clover, from which
	it is concluded all clovers possess four leaves and are sometimes green.


What sane person could live in this world and not be crazy?
		-- Ursula K. LeGuin


I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
		-- William Allen White


ATLANTA:
	An entire city surrounded by an airport.


DATA:
	Computerspeak for "information".  Properly pronounced
	the way Bostonians pronounce the word for a female child.


Flying is the second greatest feeling you can have.  The greatest feeling?
Landing...  Landing is the greatest feeling you can have.


Even a blind pig stumbles upon a few acorns.


Message from Our Sponsor on ttyTV at 13:58 ...


God made the world in six days, and was arrested on the seventh.


This story concerns a man who, after putting his son to bed each night, would
stand by his boy's door and listen to his son saying his prayers.  One night,
the boy ended his prayers with, "God specially bless Granddad, who won't be
with us much longer."  The man thought this was rather curious, but passed it
off as childish whimsy.  The next day, however, he received a call from his
mother, informing him that his father had passed away early that morning.
During the next few weeks, he listened particularly closely to his son's
prayers, but noticed nothing unusual.  Then, one night, the boy ended his
prayers with, "God specially bless Grandmom, who won't be with us much longer."
Although the shock of the original incident had worn off during the intervening
weeks, he nonetheless phoned his mother to inquire as to her health.  He went to
bed reassured, only to be awakened in the night by his sister calling with the
news that their mother had died suddenly in the night.  The father had a series
of psychological tests done; nothing unusual was uncovered.  About a month
later, the boy ended his prayers with, "God specially bless Daddy, who won't
be with us much longer."  The man was panic-stricken, certain that he was
going to die during the night.  He resolved to stay awake all night; if awake
and alert he should be able to prevent any tragedy.  Morning came.  Breathing
a huge sigh of relief, he went to get the paper off the porch.  There, lying
dead on the doorstep, was the milkman.


T-shirt of the Day:

	See Dick Drink...
	See Dick Drive...
	See Dick Die.
	DON'T BE A DICK.


A light wife doth make a heavy husband.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"


Q:	How many people from New Jersey does it take to change a light
	bulb?
A:	Three.  One to do it, one to watch, and the third to shoot the
	witness.


Rev. Jim:	What does an amber light mean?
Bobby:		Slow down.
Rev. Jim:	What...   does...  an...  amber...  light...  mean?
Bobby:		Slow down.
Rev. Jim:	What....     does....     an....     amber....     light....


Once upon a time there was a little girl named Little Red Riding Hood.  One
fine morning she decided to visit her Grandmother, so she put a freshly baked
cake and a .357 magnum into her basket and set off through the forest.  When
she got there, what should she find but a big black wolf in the bed, who
jumped up, grabbed her and snarled, "I'm going to fuck you until the sun goes
down."
	So Little Red Riding Hood whipped out the .357 and said, "Oh, no,
you're not!  You're going to eat me just like the story says!"


History is nothing but a collection of fables and useless trifles,
cluttered up with a mass of unnecessary figures and proper names.
		-- Leo Tolstoy


Do not try to solve all life's problems at once --
learn to dread each day as it comes.
		-- Donald Kaul


	"I suppose you expect me to talk."
	"No, Mr. Bond.  I expect you to die."
		-- Goldfinger


		NEW ADDITION TO THE LIBRARY:
"Sally", the department's new inflatable doll, is available on a
short-term removal basis only -- please sign her out and return her
promptly to avoid extended waits.  (We are still awaiting shipment of
our "Big John" doll.)


Drugs may be the road to nowhere, but at least they're the scenic route!


The savior becomes the victim.


Justice, n.:
	A decision in your favor.


QOTD:
	"The baby was so ugly they had to hang a pork chop around its
	neck to get the dog to play with it."


Eggheads unite!  You have nothing to lose but your yolks.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


SYSTEM-INDEPENDENT:
	Works equally poorly on all systems.


If life is a stage, I want some better lighting.


Stayed in bed all morning just to pass the time,
There's something wrong here, there can be no more denying,
One of us is changing, or maybe we just stopped trying,

And it's too late, baby, now, it's too late,
Though we really did try to make it,
Something inside has died and I can't hide and I just can't fake it...

It used to be so easy living here with you,
You were light and breezy and I knew just what to do
Now you look so unhappy and I feel like a fool.

There'll be good times again for me and you,
But we just can't stay together, don't you feel it too?
But I'm glad for what we had and that I once loved you...

But it's too late baby...
It's too late, now darling, it's too late...
		-- Carol King, "Tapestry"


The temperature of Heaven can be rather accurately computed from available
data.  Our authority is Isaiah 30:26, "Moreover, the light of the Moon
shall be as the light of the Sun and the light of the Sun shall be sevenfold,
as the light of seven days."  Thus Heaven receives from the Moon as much
radiation as we do from the Sun, and in addition seven times seven (49) times
as much as the Earth does from the Sun, or fifty times in all.  The light we
receive from the Moon is one ten-thousandth of the light we receive from the
Sun, so we can ignore that.  With these data we can compute the temperature
of Heaven.  The radiation falling on Heaven will heat it to the point where
the heat lost by radiation is just equal to the heat received by radiation,
i.e., Heaven loses fifty times as much heat as the Earth by radiation.  Using
the Stefan-Boltzmann law for radiation, (H/E)^4 = 50, where E is the absolute
temperature of the earth (~300K), gives H as 798K (525C).  The exact
temperature of Hell cannot be computed, but it must be less than 444.6C, the
temperature at which brimstone or sulphur changes from a liquid to a gas.
Revelations 21:8 says "But the fearful, and unbelieving ... shall have their
part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone."  A lake of molten
brimstone means that its temperature must be at or below the boiling point,
or 444.6C  (Above this point it would be a vapor, not a lake.)  We have,
then, that Heaven, at 525C is hotter than Hell at 445C.
		-- "Applied Optics", vol. 11, A14, 1972


Truth never comes into the world but like a bastard, to the ignominy
of him that brought her birth.
		-- Milton


Like, if I'm not for me, then fer shure, like who will be?  And if, y'know,
if I'm not like fer anyone else, then hey, I mean, what am I?  And if not
now, like I dunno, maybe like when?  And if not Who, then I dunno, maybe
like the Rolling Stones?
		-- Rich Rosen (Rabbi Valiel's paraphrase of famous quote
		   attributed to Rabbi Hillel.)


Say many of cameras focused t'us,
Our middle-aged shots do us justice.
No justice, please, curse ye!
We really want mercy:
You see, 'tis the justice, disgusts us.
		-- Thomas H. Hildebrandt


Given a choice between grief and nothing, I'd choose grief.
		-- William Faulkner


Harry came into work on Monday feeling absolutely fine, and so was astonished
when his secretary urged him to lie down on the sofa; even more so when his
boss took one look at him and ordered him to take the day, if not the week,
off.  Even his poker buddies wouldn't have anything to do with him, insisting
that he go straight to bed.  Finally, tired of resisting everyone's advice,
he went to see his doctor, who took one look at him and rushed over with
a stretcher.
	"But doctor," he protested, "I feel fine."
Well, this was a puzzler, conceded the doctor, who proceeded to refer to the
enormous reference tomes behind his desk, muttering to himself.
	"Looks good, feels good...  No, you look like hell.  Looks good,
feels terrible...  Nah, you feel fine, right?"
Thumbing furiously through another volume, he said,
	"Looks terrible, feels terrible...  Nope, that won't do it either."
Finally, "Looks terrible, feels terrific... Aha!!  You're a vagina!"


I CAN'T come back, I don't know how it works.
		-- Frank Morgan as The Wizard, "The Wizard of Oz"


SUN Microsystems:
	The Network IS the Load Average.


Many people feel that they deserve some kind of
recognition for all the bad things they haven't done.


All I know is what the words know, and dead things, and that
makes a handsome little sum, with a beginning and a middle and
an end, as in the well-built phrase and the long sonata of the dead.
		-- Samuel Beckett


Kissing a fish is like smoking a bicycle.


	"Uncle Cosmo ... why do they call this a word processor?"
	"It's simple, Skyler ... you've seen what food processors do to
food, right?"
		-- MacNelley, "Shoe"


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #29:

THE JUDGE: Now, as we begin, I must ask you to banish all present
	   information and prejudice from your minds, if you have
	   any ...


You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.


CALIFORNIA:
	From Latin 'calor', meaning "heat" (as in English 'calorie' or
	Spanish 'caliente'); and 'fornia', for "sexual intercourse" or
	"fornication." Hence:  Tierra de California, "the land of hot sex."
		-- Ed Moran, Covina, California


It's amazing how much better you feel once you've given up hope.


If society fits you comfortably enough, you call it freedom.
		-- Robert Frost


Distance doesn't make you any smaller,
but it does make you part of a larger picture.


QOTD:
	"I tried buying a goat instead of a lawn tractor; had to return
	it though.  Couldn't figure out a way to connect the snow blower."


There are places I'll remember
All my life though some have changed.
Some forever not for better
Some have gone and some remain.
All these places had their moments
With lovers and friends I still recall.
Some are dead and some are living,
In my life I've loved them all.

But of all these friends and lovers,
There is no one compared with you,
All these memories lose their meaning
When I think of love as something new.
Though I know I'll never lose affection
For people and things that went before,
I know I'll often stop and think about them
In my life I'll love you more.
		-- Lennon/McCartney, "In My Life", 1965


Zeal, n.:
	Quality seen in new graduates -- if you're quick.


It is not good for a man to be without knowledge,
and he who makes haste with his feet misses his way.
		-- Proverbs 19:2


Your computer account is overdrawn.  Please see Big Brother.


Too clever is dumb.
		-- Ogden Nash


There are three possible parts to a date, of which at least two must be
offered: entertainment, food, and affection.  It is customary to begin
a series of dates with a great deal of entertainment, a moderate amount
of food, and the merest suggestion of affection.  As the amount of
affection increases, the entertainment can be reduced proportionately.
When the affection IS the entertainment, we no longer call it dating.
Under no circumstances can the food be omitted.
		-- Miss Manners' Guide to Excruciatingly Correct Behavior


Is your job running?  You'd better go catch it!


Once you've got them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow.


Joe's sister puts spaghetti in her shoes!


I had a dream that all the victims of The Pill came back...
boy, were they mad!
		-- Steven Wright


The difference between reality and unreality
is that reality has so little to recommend it.
		-- Allan Sherman


The day after tomorrow is the third day of the rest of your life.


If men could get pregnant, abortion would be a sacrament.


The lion and the calf shall lie down
together but the calf won't get much sleep.
		-- Woody Allen


The San Francisco police are nothing if not sensitive to the mood of the
community.  The word is that Dirty Harry has been replaced by Bitchy Gerald.


Be it our wealth, our jobs, or even our homes;
nothing is safe while the legislature is in session.


Afternoon, n.:
	That part of the day we spend worrying about how we wasted the
morning.


Sen. Danforth:  "There is nothing on the face of the album which would
		notify you if the record has pornographic material or
		material glorifying violence?"
Tipper Gore:	"No, there is nothing that would suggest that to me."
Frank Zappa:	"I would say that a buzz saw blade between the guy's legs on
		the album cover is good indication that it's not for little
		Johnny."

		-- The Senate Commerce Committee hearing on rock
		   lyrics, from The Village Voice, 6 Oct 1985


Dustin Farnum:	Why, yesterday, I had the audience glued to their seats!
Oliver Herford:	Wonderful!  Wonderful!  Clever of you to think of it!
		-- Brian Herbert, "Classic Comebacks"


Between grand theft and a legal fee, there only stands a law degree.


MOCK APPLE PIE (No Apples Needed)

  Pastry to two crust 9-inch pie	36 RITZ Crackers
2 cups water				 2 cups sugar
2 teaspoons cream of tartar		 2 tablespoons lemon juice
  Grated rind of one lemon		   Butter or margarine
  Cinnamon

Roll out bottom crust of pastry and fit into 9-inch pie plate.  Break
RITZ Crackers coarsely into pastry-lined plate.  Combine water, sugar
and cream of tartar in saucepan, boil gently for 15 minutes.  Add lemon
juice and rind.  Cool.  Pour this syrup over Crackers, dot generously
with butter or margarine and sprinkle with cinnamon.  Cover with top
crust.  Trim and flute edges together.  Cut slits in top crust to let
steam escape.  Bake in a hot oven (425 F) 30 to 35 minutes, until crust
is crisp and golden.  Serve warm.  Cut into 6 to 8 slices.
		-- Found lurking on a Ritz Crackers box


Some people have no respect for age unless it's bottled.


I don't give a shit what happens.  I want you all to stonewall it.  Let
them plead the Fifth Amendment, cover up, or anything else if it'll save
the plan.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Buffy:	Am I repulsive?  If there was something repulsive about me, you'd
	tell me right?
Willow:	I'm your friend.  I would call you repulsive in a second.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Harsh Light of Day"
		   Season 1, Episode 3


Amnesia used to be my favorite word, but then I forgot it.


FORTUNE TESTS THE GREAT MANAGERS: #6

You are having lunch with a prospective vendor talking about what could be
your best deal of the year.  During the conversation a blonde walks into
the restaurant and she is so stunning you draw your companion's attention
to her and give a vivid description of what you would do if you had her alone
in your hotel.  She walks over to your table and the vendor introduces her as
his daughter.  Your next move is to:

	(a)  Ask for her hand in marriage.
	(b)  Pass out and hope for sympathy.
	(c)  Forget the business; repeat the conversation to the
		daughter and get her number.
	(d)  Turn red and slink off into the men's room.


What I mean (and everybody else means) by the word QUALITY cannot be
broken down into subjects and predicates.  This is not because Quality
is so mysterious but because Quality is so simple, immediate, and direct.
		-- Robert Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"


Never drink Coca-Cola in a moving elevator.  The elevator's motion coupled
with the chemicals in Coke produce hallucinations. People tend to change
into lizards and attack without warning, and large bats usually fly in the
window.  (Additionally, you begin to believe that elevators have windows.)


PISCES (Feb. 19 - Mar. 20)
	You have a vivid imagination and often think you are being followed
	by the CIA or FBI.  You have minor influence over your associates
	and people resent your flaunting of your power.  You lack confidence
	and you are generally a coward.  Pisces people do terrible things to
	small animals.


HAPPINESS:
	Having your Herpes (Type II) test come back negative.


INTEREST:
	What borrowers pay, lenders receive, stockholders own, and
	burned out employees must feign.


You own a dog, but you can only feed a cat.


If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything.
		-- Mark Twain


Riffle West Virginia is so small that the
Boy Scout had to double as the town drunk.


John Paul II is famous for his touring, and his quaint habit of pressing
his lips to foreign soil on his arrival.  This sparked some wit to remark:
	"The Pope has it backwards: he kisses the ground, and walks on
the women!"


Macho does not prove mucho.
		-- Zsa Zsa Gabor


A New Yorker was driving through Berkeley when he saw a big crowd gathered
by the side of the street.  Curiosity got the better of him and he leaned
out of his window to ask an onlooker what was going on.  The fellow explained
that a protestor against the U.S. position in South America had doused
himself with gasoline and set himself on fire.  "That's terrible," gasped
the man.  "But why is everyone still standing around?"
	"Well, they're taking up a collection for his wife and kids," the
onlooker explained.  "Would you be willing to help?"
	"Well, sure," replied the New Yorker.  "I suppose I could spare a
gallon or two."


How much does it cost to entice a dope-smoking UNIX system guru to
Dayton?
		-- Brian Boyle, UNIX/WORLD's First Annual Salary Survey


This is Jim Rockford.
At the tone leave your name and message; I'll get back to you.


