If there is no wind, row.
		-- Polish proverb


A nuclear family is out golfing one day, when it becomes clear that Dad isn't
going to win any trophies, at least on this course.  On the 3rd hole, after
two miserable bogies, he misses a two foot putt and exclaims, "Shit!"
	His wife glances over at their sixteen year old daughter and says
nothing.
	On the fourth hole Dad tees off with an incredible hook, and, after
the inevitable exclamation, his wife reproves him with "Honey!"
	This continues on, with his golfing getting worse and his wife getting
more and more upset about his language.  Finally, on the 17th hole, he again
misses a very easy putt.  Flinging his club down, he curses the hole, the
club, and the sunset, using the word "fuck" for the first time.  His wife
whirls around and cries, "Honey!  Our daughter is standing right next to you!"
	Feeling remorseful, but somewhat defensive, he turns to the
daughter and says, "Well, Cindy, you've heard that word before, haven't
you?"
	"Yes," the daughter replies, "but never in anger."


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(5) War is not obsolete.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Why do we want intelligent terminals
when there are so many stupid users?


Oprah Winfrey has an incredible talent for getting the weirdest people to
talk to.  And you just HAVE to watch it.  "Blind, masochistic minority,
crippled, depressed, government latrine diggers, and the women who love
them too much on the next Oprah Winfrey."


If I knew what brand [of whiskey] he drinks,
I would send a barrel or so to my other generals.
		-- Abraham Lincoln, on General Grant


Buffy:	How do you get to be renowned?  I mean like, do you have to be
	nowned first?
Willow:	Yes.  First there is the painful nowning process.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Freshman"
		   Season 1, Episode 1


QOTD:
	"She began coming, making noises like a small animal in pain.
	Ouch!  Ow!  My paw!  Ouch!!"


	Love's Drug

My love is like an iron wand
	That conks me on the head,
My love is like the valium
	That I take before my bed,
My love is like the pint of scotch
	That I drink when I be dry;
And I shall love thee still, my dear,
	Until my wife is wise.


Shirley MacLaine died today in a freak psychic collision today.  Two freaks
in a van [Oh no!!  It's the Copyright Police!!]  Her aura-charred body was
laid to rest after a eulogy by Jackie Collins, fellow member of SAFE [Society
of Asinine Flake Entertainers].  Excerpted from some of his more quotable
comments:

	"Truly a woman of the times.  These times, those times..."
	"A Renaissance woman.  Why in 1432..."
	"A man for all seasons.  Really..."

After the ceremony, Shirley thanked her mourners and explained how delightful
it was to "get it together" again, presumably referring to having her now dead
body join her long dead brain.


Here comes the orator, with his flood of words and his drop of reason.


f u cn rd ths, u r prbbly a lsy spllr.


I was in this prematurely air conditioned supermarket and there were all
these aisles and there were these bathing caps you could buy that had these
kind of Fourth of July plumes on them that were red and yellow and blue and
I wasn't tempted to buy one but I was reminded of the fact that I had been
avoiding the beach.
		-- Lucinda Childs "Einstein On The Beach"


The worst thing about some men is that when they are not drunk they
are sober.
		-- William Butler Yeats


Ona day Ima gonna to Detroit to a bigga hotel.  Ina morning I go down to
eat breakfast.  I tella waitress I wanna two piss's toast.  She bringa me
only one piss.  I tella her I wanna two piss ona my plate.  She says you
better no piss on the plate, you sonna bitch.  I don't even know the lady
and she call me sonna bitch.  Later I go out to eat at the bigga restaurant.
The waitress bring me a spoon and a knife but no fock.  I tell her I wanna
fock.  She tells me everone wanna fock.  I tell her "you no understand", I
wanna fock on the table.  She say you better not fock on the table, you
sonna bitch.  So I go back to my room ina hotel and there isa no shits ona
my bed.  I calla the manager and tella him I wanna shit.  He tella me to go
to the toilet.  I say "you no understand", I wanna shit on the bed.  He say
you better no shit ona bed, you sonna bitch.  I go to check out and the man
at the desk say "peace to you".  I say piss on you too, you sonna bitch.  I
gonna back to Italy.


If there is no wind, row.
		-- Polish proverb


Ever notice that the word "therapist" breaks down into "the rapist"?
Simple coincidence?
Maybe...


The best rebuttal to this kind of statistical argument came from the
redoubtable John W. Campbell:

	The laws of population growth tell us that approximately half the
	people who were ever born in the history of the world are now
	dead.  There is therefore a 0.5 probability that this message is
	being read by a corpse.


And the silence came surging softly backwards
When the plunging hooves were gone...
		-- Walter de La Mare, "The Listeners"


A friend of mine is into Voodoo Acupuncture.  You don't have to go.
You'll just be walking down the street and...  Ooohh, that's much better.
		-- Steven Wright


I could dance till the cows come home.  On second thought, I'd rather
dance with the cows till you come home.
		-- Groucho Marx


Be not anxious about what you have, but about what you are.
		-- Pope St. Gregory I


First you get down on your knees,	Get in line in that processional,
Fiddle with your rosaries,		Step into that small confessional,
Bow your head with great respect,	There the guy who's got religion'll
And genuflect, genuflect, genuflect!	Tell you if your sins' original.
Do whatever steps you want if		If it is, try playin' it safer,
You have cleared them with the Pontiff,	Drink the wine and chew the wafer,
Ev'rybody say his own			Two, four, six eight,
Kyrie eleison,				Time to transubstantiate!
Doin' the Vatican Rag.

So get down upon your knees,		Make a cross on your abdomen,
Fiddle with your rosaries,		When in Rome do like a Roman,
Bow your head with great respect,	Ave Maria,
And genuflect, genuflect, genuflect!	Gee, it's good to see ya,
	Gettin' ecstatic an' sorta dramatic an' Doin' the Vatican Rag!
		-- Tom Lehrer, "The Vatican Rag"


	When the lodge meeting broke up, Meyer confided to a friend.
"Abe, I'm in a terrible pickle!  I'm strapped for cash and I haven't
the slightest idea where I'm going to get it from!"
	"I'm glad to hear that," answered Abe.  "I was afraid you
might have some idea that you could borrow from me!"


QOTD:
	"I've always wanted to work in the Federal Mint.  And then go on
	strike.  To make less money."


About the only thing we have left that actually
discriminates in favor of the plain people is the stork.


What you don't know won't help you much either.
		-- D. Bennett


He's not pining, he's passed on!  This parrot won't squawk!  He's
ceased to be!  He's expired, and gone to meet his maker!  It's a
stiff!  No breath of life, he may rest in peace!  If you hadn't nailed
him to the perch, he'd be pushing up the daisies!  He's off the twig!
He's kicked the bucket!  He's curled up his tooties!  He's shuffled off
this mortal world!  He's run down the curtain, and joined the bleed'n
Choir Invincible!  HE'S FUCKING SNUFFED IT!  Vis-a-vi his metabolic
processes is head is lost.  All statements concerning this parrot is no
longer a going concern, after from now on, Inoperative...

		THIS IS AN EX-PARROT!!
		-- Monty Python


I could never learn to like her --
except on a raft at sea with no other provisions in sight.
		-- Mark Twain


Well, if you can't believe what you read in a comic book, what *_c_a_n*
you believe?!
		-- Bullwinkle J. Moose [Jay Ward]


Marriage, n.:
	The evil aye.


I love dogs, but I hate Chihuahuas.  A Chihuahua isn't a dog.
It's a rat with a thyroid problem.


Isn't it conceivable to you that an intelligent
person could harbor two opposing ideas in his mind?
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson, to reporters


A beautiful, voluptuous woman goes to see a gynecologist.  The doctor takes
one look at this woman and his professionalism is a thing of the past.  Right
away he tells her to undress.  After she has disrobed he begins to stroke her
thigh.  As he does this he says to the woman, "Do you know what I'm doing?"
	"Yes," she says, "you're checking for any abrasions or dermatological
abnormalities."
	"Correct," says the doctor.  He then begins to fondle her breasts.
"Do you know what I'm doing now?" he says.
	"Yes," says the woman, "you're checking for any lumps or breast
cancer."
	"That's right," replies the doctor.  He then gradually proceeds to
having sexual intercourse with her.  "Do you know," he pants, "what I'm doing
now?"
	"Yes," she says.  "You're getting herpes."


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #6

	"But, soft!  What light through yonder window breaks?"
	It's nothing, honey.  Go back to sleep.


He jests at scars who never felt a wound.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet, II. 2"


The spirit of Plato dies hard.  We have been unable to escape the
philosophical tradition that what we can see and measure in the world
is merely the superficial and imperfect representation of an underlying
reality.
		-- S. J. Gould, "The Mismeasure of Man"


If everything seems to be going well,
you have obviously overlooked something.


Always do right.  This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
		-- Mark Twain


I never pray before meals -- my mom's a good cook.


Time is nature's way of making sure that
everything doesn't happen at once.

Space is nature's way of making sure that
everything doesn't happen to you.


You will be run over by a beer truck.


If you'd like to cultivate insomnia,
Bed down with a pretty girl.
Amor vincit omnia.


	"Hello, Police Department."
	"This is Thomas Parrish, 903 Sylvester Court.  I've just been sexually
molested by a pervert, right here in my own home.  It was horrifying!"
	"Just remain calm, sir, and tell me about it."
	"Well, the man came in the window wearing a ski mask.  I was napping
on the bed, in just my pajamas, and the TV set was on so I didn't hear anything.
Suddenly he had his great big old calloused hand over my mouth, holding me down.
I tried to scream... he was pulling my pants off.  I was so frightened!  He
held a knife to my throat and undressed so quickly.  What could I do?  I
couldn't stop him.  He was huge.  A great, hairy, beefy man, more than fifty
pounds heavier than I am, and hung like... Oh! it was terrible.  He had an
erection, and he knelt on my shoulders and forced the awful thing down my
throat; forced me to suck it.  Yes, officer!  There was no escaping this man.
Finally, when I thought I would faint, he got off me and turned me over on
my tummy, forcing my legs apart with his knees, and oh! I'm so embarrassed to
say it, he put that huge thing...  It must have been a foot long, and I don't
know how thick... into my...  Just a minute."
	"What's the matter, mister?"
	"Listen, I have to hang up now, he's getting out of the shower."


Mixed emotions:
	Watching your mother-in-law back off a cliff...
	in your brand new Mercedes.


It's not the valleys in life I dread so much as the dips.
		-- Garfield


It's our fault.  We should have given him better parts.
		-- Jack Warner, on hearing that Reagan had been
		   elected governor of California.

[Warner is also reported to have said, when told of Reagan's candidacy
for governor, "No, Jimmy Stewart for Governor; Reagan for best friend."]


There's one fool at least in every married couple.


Real computer scientists don't write code.  They occasionally tinker with
`programming systems', but those are so high level that they hardly count
(and rarely count accurately; precision is for applications).


Traveling through hyperspace isn't like dusting crops, boy.
		-- Han Solo


The older I grow, the less important the comma becomes.
Let the reader catch his own breath.
		-- Elizabeth Clarkson Zwart


The meat is rotten, but the booze is holding out.
Computer translation of "The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak."


Hitler used methods against white men in Europe, which by tacit
agreement between the cultural European nations were only to be
used against the coloured.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


It seems intuitively obvious to me, which means that it might be wrong.
		-- Chris Torek


When a girl can read the handwriting on
the wall, she may be in the wrong rest room.


Good night, Austin, Texas, wherever you are!


Life is a healthy respect for mother nature laced with greed.


Thus mathematics may be defined as the subject in which we never know
what we are talking about, nor whether what we are saying is true.
		-- Bertrand Russell


No matter how cynical you get, it's impossible to keep up.


"Well, I took your advice, Doc", said Knopp,
"And told my wife to try it on top.
	She bounced for an hour,
	Till she ran out of power,
And the kids, who'd grown bored, made us stop."


Without ice cream life and fame are meaningless.


QOTD:
	"Her other car is a broom."


The computer is to the information industry roughly what the
central power station is to the electrical industry.
		-- Peter Drucker


MALPRACTICE:
	The reason surgeons wear masks.


Cats are smarter than dogs.  You can't make eight cats pull
a sled through the snow.


When democracy granted democratic methods to us in times of opposition, this
was bound to happen in a democratic system.  However, we National Socialists
never asserted that we represented a democratic point of view, but we have
declared openly that we used the democratic methods only to gain power and
that, after assuming the power, we would deny to our adversaries without any
consideration the means which were granted to us in times of our opposition.
		-- Josef Goebbels


Since I hurt my pendulum
My life is all erratic.
My parrot who was cordial
Is now transmitting static.
The carpet died, a palm collapsed,
The cat keeps doing poo.
The only thing that keeps me sane
Is talking to my shoe.
		-- My Shoe


Rev. Jim:	What does an amber light mean?
Bobby:		Slow down.
Rev. Jim:	What...   does...  an...  amber...  light...  mean?
Bobby:		Slow down.
Rev. Jim:	What....     does....     an....     amber....     light....


Blue paint today.
		[Funny to Jack Slingwine, Guy Harris and Hal Pierson.  Ed.]


For thirty years a certain man went to spend every evening with Mme. ___.
When his wife died his friends believed he would marry her, and urged
him to do so.  "No, no," he said: "if I did, where should I have to
spend my evenings?"
		-- Chamfort


Q:	What do two WASPs say after making love?
A:	Thank you very much.  It'll never happen again.


If continence causes neurosis
And intercourse causes thrombosis
	I'd rather expire
	Fulfilling desire
Than live in a state of psychosis.


He was a cowboy, mister, and he loved the land.  He loved it so much he
made a woman out of dirt and married her.  But when he kissed her, she
disintegrated.  Later, at the funeral, when the preacher said, "Dust to
dust," some people laughed, and the cowboy shot them.  At his hanging, he
told the others, "I'll be waiting for you in heaven -- with a gun."
		-- Jack Handey


Who took the MMMMMM out of MURINE?


A motion to adjourn is always in order.


I never failed to convince an audience that the best thing they
could do was to go away.


The race is not always to the swift, nor the
battle to the strong, but that's the way to bet.
		-- Damon Runyon


That's always the way when you discover
something new; everyone thinks you're crazy.
		-- Evelyn E. Smith


Smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics.
		-- Fletcher Knebel


I can't complain, but sometimes I still do.
		-- Joe Walsh


One has to look out for engineers -- they begin with sewing machines
and end up with the atomic bomb.
		-- Marcel Pagnol


Theory of Selective Supervision:
	The one time in the day that you lean back and relax is
	the one time the boss walks through the office.


People seem to think that the blanket phrase, "I only work here,"
absolves them utterly from any moral obligation in terms of the
public -- but this was precisely Eichmann's excuse for his job in
the concentration camps.


The townspeople stood in despair as the fire that had begun in a diner
threatened to spread to adjoining homes.  Just then, a truck filled with
farm workers came speeding down a hill toward the fire.  The crowd moved
back and the truck drove right into the thickest of the flames.  The workers
jumped out and beat at the fire with their coats, miraculously bringing the
blaze under control.
	The city fathers were so grateful for the men's heroism that they
gave each a plaque and $1000.  After the ceremony, newsmen interviewed the
driver and asked him what he was going to do with the money.
	"You can be damned sure the first thing I'm gonna do," he replied,
"is get the brakes fixed on that son-of-a-bitchin' truck!"


Most people's favorite way to end a game is by winning.


There are some micro-organisms that exhibit characteristics of both
plants and animals.  When exposed to light they undergo photosynthesis;
and when the lights go out, they turn into animals.  But then again,
don't we all?


What do I consider a reasonable person to be?  I'd say a reasonable person
is one who accepts that we are all human and therefore fallible, and takes
that into account when dealing with others.  Implicit in this definition is
the belief that it is the right and the responsibility of each person to
live his or her own life as he or she sees fit, to respect this right in
others, and to demand the assumption of this responsibility by others.


Last guys don't finish nice.
		-- Stanley Kelley, on the cult of victory at all costs


		`O' LEVEL COUNTER CULTURE
Timewarp allowed: 3 hours.  Do not scrawl situationalist graffiti in the
margins or stub your rollups in the inkwells.  Orange may be worn.  Credit
will be given to candidates who self-actualize.

	1: Compare and contrast Pink Floyd with Black Sabbath and say why
neither has street credibility.
	2: "Even Buddha would have been hard pushed to reach Nirvana squatting
on a juggernaut route."  Consider the dialectic of inner truth and inner
city.
	3: Discuss degree of hassle involved in paranoia about being sucked
into a black hole.
	4: "The Egomaniac's Liberation Front were a bunch of revisionist
ripoff merchants."  Comment on this insult.
	5: Account for the lack of references to brown rice in Dylan's lyrics.
	6: "Castenada was a bit of a bozo."  How far is this a fair summing
up of western dualism?
	7: Hermann Hesse was a Pisces.  Discuss.


When I demanded of my friend what viands he preferred,
He quoth: "A large cold bottle, and a small hot bird!"
		-- Eugene Field, "The Bottle and the Bird"


I am not an Economist.  I am an honest man!
		-- Paul McCracken


Jack and Jill went up the hill
Each had a buck and a quarter.
Jill came down with two-fifty
That fuckin' whore.
		-- Andrew "Dice" Clay


I bet you have fun chasing the soap around the bathtub.
		-- Princess Diana, to a one-armed war veteran during
		   a visit to a London veterans hospital


Paying alimony is like pumping gas into another man's car.


There are three women on the fast track in a particular company.  The
president realizes it's time to promote one of them, but they're all so
competent that he's not sure which one to choose.  So he devises a little
test.  One day while they're all at lunch, he places $500 on each of their
desks.  #1 returns it to him immediately.  #2 pockets it.  #3 invests
in the market and returns $1,500 to him in the morning.  Who gets the
promotion?  The one with the big tits!


Love is being stupid together.
		-- Paul Valery


When a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far!


I was a cock-teaser at Rooster Rama.
I used to enrage the bantams before the big bouts.
		-- The Firesign Theatre


As I argued in "Beloved Son", a book about my son Brian and the subject of
religious communes and cults, one result of proper early instruction in the
methods of rational thought will be to make sudden mindless conversions --
to anything -- less likely.  Brian now realizes this and has, after eleven
years, left the sect he was associated with.  The problem is that once the
untrained mind has made a formal commitment to a religious philosophy --
and it does not matter whether that philosophy is generally reasonable and
high-minded or utterly bizarre and irrational -- the powers of reason are
surprisingly ineffective in changing the believer's mind.
		-- Steve Allen


There may be said to be two classes of people in the world; those who
constantly divide the people of the world into two classes and those
who do not.
		-- Robert Benchley


Verba volant, scripta manent!


Too bad all the people who know how to run the country are busy
driving cabs and cutting hair.
		-- George Burns


Elephant, n.:
	A mouse built to government specifications.


If you meet somebody who tells you that he loves you more than anybody
in the whole wide world, don't trust him.  It means he experiments.


Ignisecond, n.:
	The overlapping moment of time when the hand is locking the car
	door even as the brain is saying, "my keys are in there!"
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Shannon's Observation
	Nothing is so frustrating as a bad situation
	that is beginning to improve.


A man's best friend is his dogma.


Programming is an unnatural act.


I'm So Miserable Without You It's Almost Like Having You Here
		-- Song title by Stephen Bishop

She Got the Gold Mine, I Got the Shaft
		-- Song title by Jerry Reed

When My Love Comes Back from the Ladies' Room Will I Be Too Old to Care?
		-- Song title by Lewis Grizzard

I Don't Know Whether to Kill Myself or Go Bowling
		-- Unattributed song title

Drop Kick Me, Jesus, Through the Goal Posts of Life
		-- Unattributed song title


All work and no pay makes a housewife.


After repeatedly warding off her date's amorous advances during the evening,
the pretty young thing decided to put her foot down: "See here," she shouted
indignantly.  "This is positively the last time I'm going to tell you `no'."
	"Splendid!" exclaimed her date.  "Now we can start making some
progress."


Anyway, I keep picturing all these little kids playing some game in this
big field of rye and all.  Thousands of little kids, and nobody's around --
nobody big, I mean -- except me.  And I'm standing on the edge of some crazy
cliff.  What I have to do, I have to catch everybody if they start to go
over the cliff -- I mean if they're running and they don't look where they're
going I have to come out from somewhere and catch them.  That's all I'd do
all day.  I'd just be the catcher in the rye.  I know it;  I know it's crazy,
but that's the only thing I'd really like to be.  I know it's crazy.
		-- J. D. Salinger, "Catcher in the Rye"


You have the capacity to learn from mistakes.
You'll learn a lot today.


Hackers do it with fewer instructions.


I do hate sums.  There is no greater mistake than to call arithmetic an
exact science.  There are permutations and aberrations discernible to
minds entirely noble like mine; subtle variations which ordinary
accountants fail to discover; hidden laws of number which it requires a
mind like mine to perceive.  For instance, if you add a sum from the
bottom up, and then again from the top down, the result is always
different.
		-- Mrs. La Touche (19th cent.)


When women kiss it always reminds one of prize fighters shaking hands.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Sententiae"


Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you
want to test a man's character, give him power.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


The blacksmith told me before he died,
And I have no reason to believe that he lied,
That no matter how he tried,
His wife was never satisfied!

And so he built a bloody great wheel,
Harnessed to a cock of steel,
Two balls of brass were filled with cream,
And the whole damn thing was driven by steam.

Round and round went the bloody great wheel,
In and out went the cock of steel,
Till at last the maiden cried,
"Enough! Enough! I am satisfied!"

And now we come to the crucial bit --
There was no way of stopping it.
And she was split from hole to hole,
And the whole fucking thing was covered in shit...


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(33) There will always be poor people.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Hell hath no fury like a bureaucrat scorned.
		-- Milton Friedman


Remember the... the... uhh.....


I haven't lost my mind; I know exactly where I left it.


Don't let your mouth write no check that your tail can't cash.
		-- Bo Diddley


Artistic ventures highlighted.  Rob a museum.


If God had intended Man to program, we'd be born with serial I/O ports.


As some day it may happen that a victim must be found
I've got a little list -- I've got a little list
Of society offenders who might well be underground
And who never would be missed -- who never would be missed.
		-- Koko, "The Mikado"


Novinson's Revolutionary Discovery:

	When comes the revolution, things will be different --
	not better, just different.


You now have Asian Flu.


The universe seems neither benign nor hostile, merely indifferent.
		-- Sagan


