What has roots as nobody sees,
Is taller than trees,
Up, up it goes,
And yet never grows?


Some men are alive simply because it is against the law to kill them.
		-- Edgar W. Howe


One evening a guru had coitus
With an actress, a whore and a poetess.
	When asked what position
	He used for coition,
He answered serenely, "the lotus."


	While riding in a train between London and Birmingham, a woman
inquired of Oscar Wilde, "You don't mind if I smoke, do you?"
	Wilde gave her a sidelong glance and replied, "I don't mind if
you burn, madam."


Youth is a disease from which we all recover.
		-- Dorothy Fuldheim


Never test the depth of the water with both feet.


Comedy, like Medicine, was never meant to be practiced by the general public.


The Anarchists' [national] anthem is an international anthem that consists
of 365 raspberries blown in very quick succession to the tune of "Camptown
Races".  Nobody has to stand up for it, nobody has to listen to it, and,
even better, nobody has to play it.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


The Following Subsume All Physical and Human Laws:

	1. You can't push on a string.
	2. Ain't no free lunches.
	3. Them as has, gets.
	4. You can't win them all, but you sure as hell can lose them all.


All most people ask of life is a constant
and exaggerated sense of their own importance.


From 0 to "what seems to be the problem officer" in 8.3 seconds.
		-- Ad for the new VW Corrado


	Wouldn't the sentence "I want to put a hyphen between the words Fish
and And and And and Chips in my Fish-And-Chips sign" have been clearer if
quotation marks had been placed before Fish, and between Fish and and, and
and and And, and And and and, and and and And, and And and and, and and and
Chips, as well as after Chips?


Hors d'oeuvres -- a ham sandwich cut into forty pieces.
		-- Jack Benny


They use different words for things in America.
For instance they say elevator and we say lift.
They say drapes and we say curtains.
They say president and we say brain damaged git.
		-- Alexie Sayle


YOUR FOAMY FUTURE
	by Miss Fortune

CANCER (Jun 22 - July 22)
	You've been awarded a clean bill of health this month and you feel
you owe it all to the excessive amount of Vitamin B, Iron, and Malt you get
in your beer.  Being healthy is admirable but don't you think you're going
to feel stupid one day lying in a hospital dying of nothing?

LEO (July 23 - August 22)
	You will soon acquire a large sum of money and will be in seventh
heaven as you head to the nearest Liquor Barn and buy all the beer they have
in stock.  Whoever said money couldn't buy happiness didn't know where to
shop.

VIRGO (August 23 - September 22)
	Your late night, beer drinking, "life in the fast lane" parties are
affecting your job production the next morning.  You feel a nine to five job
is not for a "party animal" such as yourself and may feel the need for a
career change.  Just remember, people who work sitting down get paid more
than people who work standing up.


If you just try long enough and hard enough, you can always manage to boot
yourself in the posterior.
		-- A. J. Liebling, "The Press"


The best number for a dinner party is two -- myself and a damn good
head waiter.
		-- Nubar Gulbenkian


You know you've landed gear-up when it takes full power to taxi.


How come if you're horny it's lust, but if she's horny it's affection?


No one regards what is before his feet; we all gaze at the stars.
		-- Quintus Ennius


Well, you got your mules and you got your racehorses, and you can kick
a mule in the ass all you want, and he's still not gonna be a racehorse.
		-- Billy Martin, "Esquire", May, 1984


Hear about...
	the truck driver who pulled out to avoid a child and fell
	off the sofa?


If there were a school for, say, sheet metal workers, that after three
years left its graduates as unprepared for their careers as does law
school, it would be closed down in a minute, and no doubt by lawyers.
		-- Michael Levin, "The Socratic Method


Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time.
		-- Steven Wright


For fast-acting relief, try slowing down.


The babe, with a cry brief and dismal,
Fell into the water baptismal;
	Ere they'd gathered its plight,
	It had sunk out of sight,
For the depth of the font was abysmal.
		-- Edward Gorey


Are you a turtle?


Moe:	What did you give your wife for Valentine's Day?
Joe:	The usual gift -- she ate my heart out.


It is true that if your paperboy throws your paper into the bushes for five
straight days it can be explained by Newton's Law of Gravity.  But it takes
Murphy's law to explain why it is happening to you.


At least I thought I was dancing, 'til somebody stepped on my hand.
		-- J. B. White


The big question is why in the course of evolution the males permitted
themselves to be so totally eclipsed by the females.  Why do they tolerate
this total subservience, this wretched existence as outcasts who are
hungry all the time?


I remember when legal used to mean lawful, now it means some
kind of loophole.
		-- Leo Kessler


TRUST ME:
	Translation of the Latin "caveat emptor."


Law of Continuity:
	Experiments should be reproducible.
	They should all fail the same way.


Of all the animals, the boy is the most unmanageable.
		-- Plato


QOTD:
	"I met her [his fiance] over lunch on Thursday.  She had a firm
	grip.  He's a lucky man."


Kill a commie for Christ!


If you drink, don't park.  Accidents make people.


When I was in college, there were a lot of four-letter words you couldn't
say in front of girls.  Now you can say them.  But you can't say "girls".


Don't hit the keys so hard, it hurts.


A computer, to print out a fact,
Will divide, multiply, and subtract.
	But this output can be
	No more than debris,
If the input was short of exact.
		-- Gigo


That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love,
that no one could have loved so before us, and that no one will love
in the same way as us.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


*** NEWS FLASH ***

Archaeologists find PDP-11/24 inside brain cavity of fossilized dinosaur
skeleton!  Many Digital users fear that RSX-11M may be even more primitive
than DEC admits.  Price adjustments at 11:00.


Wanna tell you all a story 'bout a man named Jed,
A poor mountaineer, barely kept his family fed.
But then one day he was shootin' at some food,
When up through the ground come a bubblin' crude -- oil, that is;
	black gold; "Texas tea" ...

Well the next thing ya know, old Jed's a millionaire.
The kinfolk said, "Jed, move away from there!"
They said, "Californy is the place ya oughta be",
So they loaded up the truck and they moved to Beverly -- Hills, that is;
	swimmin' pools; movie stars.


I can read your mind, and you should be ashamed of yourself.


In any formula, constants (especially those obtained from handbooks)
are to be treated as variables.


Q:	How do you tell that your roommate's gay?
A:	When his cock tastes like shit.


I'll give you my opinion of the human race in a nutshell ... their heart's
in the right place, but their head is a thoroughly inefficient organ.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham, "The Summing Up"


Never ask the barber if you need a haircut.


The problem with being best man at a wedding is that you never get a
chance to prove it.


That all men should be brothers is the dream of people who have no brothers.
		-- Charles Chincholles, "Pensees de tout le monde"


"... I should explain that I was wearing a black velvet cape that was
supposed to make me look like the dashing, romantic Zorro but which
actually made me look like a gigantic bat wearing glasses ..."
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wet Zorro Suit and Other Turning
		   Points in l'Amour"


McGowan's Madison Avenue Axiom:
	If an item is advertised as "under $50",
	you can bet your ass it's not $19.95.


Documentation:
	Instructions translated from Swedish by Japanese for English
	speaking persons.


Clovis' Consideration of an Atmospheric Anomaly:
	The perversity of nature is nowhere better demonstrated
	than by the fact that, when exposed to the same atmosphere,
	bread becomes hard while crackers become soft.


Go not to the elves for counsel, for they will say both yes and no.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


Kaufman's First Law of Party Physics:
	Population density is inversely proportional
	to the square of the distance from the keg.


Don't be overly suspicious where it's not warranted.


Sam:   What's the good word, Norm?
Norm:  Plop, plop, fizz, fizz.
Sam:   Oh no, not the Hungry Heifer...
Norm:  Yeah, yeah, yeah...
Sam:   One heartburn cocktail coming up.
		-- Cheers, I'll Gladly Pay You Tuesday

Sam:   Whaddya say, Norm?
Norm:  Well, I never met a beer I didn't drink.  And down it goes.
		-- Cheers, Love Thy Neighbor

Woody:  What's your pleasure, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   Boxer shorts and loose shoes.  But I'll settle for a beer.
		-- Cheers, The Bar Stoolie


Morris had been down on his luck for months, and, though not a devoutly
religious man, had begun to visit the local synagogue to ask God's help.
One week, out of desperation, he prayed, "God, I've been a good and decent
man all my life.  Would it be so terrible if You let me win the lottery
just once?"
	The despondent fellow returned week after week.  One day, Morris,
nearly hopeless now, prayed, "God, I've never asked You for anything before.
I just want to win one little lottery."
	"As he dejectedly rose to leave, God's voice boomed, "Morris, at
least meet Me halfway on this.  Buy a ticket!"


	"Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it,
and finds himself no wiser than before," Bokonon tells us.  "He is full
of murderous resentment of people who are ignorant without having come
by their ignorance the hard way."
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., "Cat's Cradle"


Gratitude, like love, is never a dependable international emotion.
		-- Joseph Alsop


Let's just say that where a change was required, I adjusted.  In every
relationship that exists, people have to seek a way to survive.  If you
really care about the person, you do what's necessary, or that's the end.
For the first time, I found that I really could change, and the qualities
I most admired in myself I gave up.  I stopped being loud and bossy...
Oh, all right.  I was still loud and bossy, but only behind his back."
		-- Kate Hepburn, on Tracy and Hepburn


Q:	Why do women have vaginas?
A:	So when they're drunk, you can carry them like a six-pack.


To have died once is enough.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)


One day I got on the usual bus, and when I stepped in, I saw the most
gorgeous blond Chinese girl... I sat beside her... I said "Hi," and she
said "Hi," and then I said "Nice day, isn't it," and she said "Yeah, I
guess"... I said "What do you mean 'you guess?'"... she said "I saw my
analyst today and he says I have a problem."... so I asked "What's the
problem?"... she replied "I can't tell you, I don't even know you."...
I said "Well sometimes it's good to tell your problems to a perfect
stranger on a bus."  So she said, "Well, my analyst said I'm a nymphomaniac
and I only like Jewish cowboys... by the way, my name is Diane."  I said,
"Hello, Diane, my name is Bucky Goldstein."
		-- Steven Wright


No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.
		-- William Blake


Reality is just a crutch for people who can't handle science fiction.


One day the King decided that he would force all his subjects to tell the
truth.  A gallows was erected in front of the city gates.  A herald announced,
"Whoever would enter the city must first answer the truth to a question
which will be put to him."  Nasrudin was first in line.  The captain of the
guard asked him, "Where are you going?  Tell the truth -- the alternative
is death by hanging."
	"I am going," said Nasrudin, "to be hanged on that gallows."
	"I don't believe you."
	"Very well, if I have told a lie, then hang me!"
	"But that would make it the truth!"
	"Exactly," said Nasrudin, "your truth."


Do what you can to prolong your life,
in the hope that someday you'll learn what it's for.


The man who sets out to carry a cat by its tail learns something that
will always be useful and which never will grow dim or doubtful.
		-- Mark Twain


Newsflash:
	Apparently the rapture did occur last Tuesday as was originally
predicted.  All true believers were transported to heaven while the rest
of us were left behind to await the Anti-Christ and the end of the world.
	Widespread reports that the rapture had not occurred stemmed from
expectations that the effect would be more widespread than it turned out
to be.  The definition of "true believer" was apparently more restrictive
than expected, however, and the only qualifiers were a family of five,
living in Stenton, North Dakota.


Horsecrap, little brother.  There's always something more to be done.
Another palm to be greased.  Another back to be scratched.  Another
weak sister to be shored up.
		-- J.R. Ewing


Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	Good children always obey.
	Quit acting so childish.
	Boys don't cry.
	If you keep making faces, someday it'll freeze that way.
	Why do you have to know so much?
	This hurts me more than it hurts you.
	Why?  Because I'm bigger than you.
	Well, you've ruined everything.  Now are you happy?
	Oh, grow up.
	I'm only doing this because I love you.


If I have seen farther than others, it is because I was standing on the
shoulders of giants.
		-- Isaac Newton

In the sciences, we are now uniquely privileged to sit side by side with
the giants on whose shoulders we stand.
		-- Gerald Holton

If I have not seen as far as others, it is because giants were standing on
my shoulders.
		-- Hal Abelson

Mathematicians stand on each other's shoulders.
		-- Gauss

Mathematicians stand on each other's shoulders while computer scientists
stand on each other's toes.
		-- Richard Hamming

It has been said that physicists stand on one another's shoulders.  If
this is the case, then programmers stand on one another's toes, and
software engineers dig each other's graves.
		-- Unknown


Lincoln was elected to Congress in 1846.
Kennedy exactly one hundred years later in 1946.

Lincoln was elected president in November 1860.
Kennedy in November 1960.

Lincoln had a secretary named Kennedy who urged him not to go to
the theatre.
Kennedy had a secretary named Lincoln who advised against his going
to Dallas.

Booth shot Lincoln in a theatre and ran off into a warehouse.
Oswald shot Kennedy from a warehouse and ran off into a theatre.

Lincoln was succeeded by a Southerner named Johnson.
Kennedy was succeeded by a Southerner named Johnson.

The first Johnson was born in 1808.
The second Johnson was born in 1908.

		-- Alistair Cooke, "Letter From America", Nov. 26, 2001


It's not easy being green.
		-- Kermit


A lady is one who never shows her underwear unintentionally.
		-- Lillian Day


Sin boldly.
		-- Martin Luther


	Well, he thought, since neither Aristotelian Logic nor the disciplines
of Science seemed to offer much hope, it's time to go beyond them...
	Drawing a few deep even breaths, he entered a mental state practiced
only by Masters of the Universal Way of Zen.  In it his mind floated freely,
able to rummage at will among the bits and pieces of data he had absorbed,
undistracted by any outside disturbances.  Logical structures no longer
inhibited him. Pre-conceptions, prejudices, ordinary human standards vanished.
All things, those previously trivial as well as those once thought important,
became absolutely equal by acquiring an absolute value, revealing relationships
not evident to ordinary vision.  Like beads strung on a string of their own
meaning, each thing pointed to its own common ground of existence, shared by
all.  Finally, each began to melt into each, staying itself while becoming
all others.  And Mind no longer contemplated Problem, but became Problem,
destroying Subject-Object by becoming them.
	Time passed, unheeded.
	Eventually, there was a tentative stirring, then a decisive one, and
Nakamura arose, a smile on his face and the light of laughter in his eyes.
		-- Wayfarer


The New York Times is read by the people who run the country.  The
Washington Post is read by the people who think they run the country.
The National Enquirer is read by the people who think Elvis is alive
and running the country ...
		-- Robert J. Woodhead


You can do this in a number of ways.  IBM chose to do all of them.
Why do you find that funny?
		-- D. Taylor, Computer Science 350, University of Washington


What this country needs is a dime that will buy a good five-cent bagel.


Your boyfriend takes chocolate from strangers.


It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary
depends upon his not understanding it.
		-- Upton Sinclair


With the end of the football season, a star player for the college team
celebrated the relaxation of team curfew by attending a late-night campus
party.  Soon after arriving, he became captivated by a beautiful coed and
eased into a conversation with her by asking if she met many dates at
parties.
	"Oh, I have a three point eight, so I'm much more attracted to the
strong academic types than to the dumb party animals," she said.  "What's
your G.P.A.?"
	Grinning ear to ear, the jock boasted, "I get about twenty-five in
the city and forty on the highway."


Be careful!  UGLY strikes 9 out of 10!


QOTD:
	"Who?  Me?  No, no, NO!!  But I do sell rugs."


One doesn't have a sense of humor.  It has you.
		-- Larry Gelbart


Q:	How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Only one, but it takes a long time, and the light bulb has
	to really want to change.


One day Adam, while wandering around the Garden of Eden, noticed that all
the animals seemed to come in pairs, male and female.  He also noted that
they seemed to enjoy being together a lot.  So, he went to his special
place and reported to God what he'd noticed.
	God, understanding his need, said, "Adam, the time has come for me
to provide you with a mate.  Go lie down and when you have fallen asleep, I
will create your mate."
	So Adam wandered off, found a nice patch of soft grass and fell
asleep.  Some time later he awoke, possibly due to a bit of pain in his
ribs, possibly because of the gorgeous woman leaning over him.  Remembering
the animals he'd seen having such fun, he immediately reached for her.
Pretty soon Adam's back at his special place.
	"God?"
	"Yes, Adam, what now?"
	"God, what's a headache?"


			-- Gifts for Children --

This is easy.  You never have to figure out what to get for children,
because they will tell you exactly what they want.  They spend months
and months researching these kinds of things by watching Saturday-
morning cartoon-show advertisements.  Make sure you get your children
exactly what they ask for, even if you disapprove of their choices.  If
your child thinks he wants Murderous Bob, the Doll with the Face You
Can Rip Right Off, you'd better get it.  You may be worried that it
might help to encourage your child's antisocial tendencies, but believe
me, you have not seen antisocial tendencies until you've seen a child
who is convinced that he or she did not get the right gift.
		-- Dave Barry, "Christmas Shopping: A Survivor's Guide"


This guy makes an appointment with a doctor because his hemorrhoids are
really bothering him.  The doctor gives him some suppositories and tells
him to come back in a week for a checkup.  "How's it going?" he asks
the patient a week later.
	"I gotta tell you the truth, Doc," said the man.  "For all the
good these pills did me, I coulda shoved them up my ass."


BASIC, n.:
	A programming language.  Related to certain social diseases in
	that those who have it will not admit it in polite company.


You will outgrow your usefulness.


It was kinda like stuffing the wrong card in a computer,
when you're stickin' those artificial stimulants in your arm.
		-- Dion, noted computer scientist


Madness takes its toll.


Seems that a pollster was taking a worldwide opinion poll.
Her question was, "Excuse me; what's your opinion on the meat shortage?"

In Texas, the answer was "What's a shortage?"
In Poland, the answer was "What's meat?"
In the Soviet Union, the answer was "What's an opinion?"
In New York City, the answer was "What's excuse me?"


Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science.


An Hacker there was, one of the finest sort
Who controlled the system; graphics was his sport.
A manly man, to be a wizard able;
Many a protected file he had sitting on his table.
His console, when he typed, a man might hear
Clicking and feeping wind as clear,
Aye, and as loud as does the machine room bell
Where my lord Hacker was Prior of the cell.
The Rule of good St Savage or St Doeppnor
As old and strict he tended to ignore;
He let go by the things of yesterday
And took the modern world's more spacious way.
He did not rate that text as a plucked hen
Which says that Hackers are not holy men.
And that a hacker underworked is a mere
Fish out of water, flapping on the pier.
That is to say, a hacker out of his cloister.
That was a text he held not worth an oyster.
And I agreed and said his views were sound;
Was he to study till his head wend round
Poring over books in the cloisters?  Must he toil
As Andy bade and till the very soil?
Was he to leave the world upon the shelf?
Let Andy have his labor to himself!
		-- Chaucer
		   [well, almost.  Ed.]


Fortune presents:
	USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #4.
Mia ^svebo^sipo estas plena je angiloj.	My hovercraft is full of eels.
Neniu anticipas la hispanan		No one expects the Spanish
	Inkvizicion.				Inquisition.
La solvo estas kvardekdu.		The answer is forty-two.
Adiau, kaj dankoj por ^ciom da fi^so.	So long, and thanks for all the fish.
^Cu estas krajono en via po^so, au ^cu	Is that a pencil in your pocket,
	vi feli^cas pri vidi min?		or are you happy to see me?


I am more bored than you could ever possibly be.  Go back to work.


The Enterprise girls, so one hears,
Have chased Spock for several years.
	His look of disdain
	Has spared them great pain,
For his prick is as sharp as his ears.


No one gets sick on Wednesdays.


Now that you've read Fortune's diet truths, you'll be prepared the next time
some housewife or boutique owner turned diet expert appears on TV to plug
her latest book.  And, if you still feel a twinge of guilt for eating coffee
cake while listening to her exhortations, ask yourself the following questions:

1: Do I dare trust a person who actually considers alfalfa sprouts a food?
2: Was the author's sole motive in writing this book to get rich
	exploiting the forlorn hopes of chubby people like me?
3: Would a longer life be worthwhile if it had to be lived as prescribed...
	without French-fried onion rings, pizza with double cheese, or the
	occasional Mai-Tai?  (Remember, living right doesn't really make
	you live longer, it just *seems* like longer.)

That, and another piece of coffee cake, should do the trick.


Winning isn't everything, but losing isn't anything.


If preceded by a '-', the timezone shall be east of the Prime
Meridian; otherwise, it shall be west (which may be indicated by
an optional preceding '+').
		-- POSIX 2001

The "+" or "-" indicates whether the time-of-day is ahead of
(i.e., east of) or behind (i.e., west of) Universal Time.
		-- RFC 2822


A son takes his Italian immigrant father to his first baseball game.  It
happens that it's Old Timer's Day at Yankee stadium and all the baseball
greats are there.  The son escorts his father to box seats right on the
third base line and seats him with beer and a Yankees cap.
	The first batter up is Mickey Mantle.  On the second pitch he
swings that bat and CRACK!  The ball ricochets off the wall for a double.
The crowd goes crazy and the father stands up and yells, "Runna Mickey!
Runna Mickey!"
	The next batter up is Joe DiMaggio.  The pitcher, pitching him
carefully, works him to a 3-2 count and just misses the outside corner.
	"Ball four!" yells the umpire and Joe tosses his bat aside and begins
to walk to first base.
	The father yells out, "Runna Joe!  Runna Joe!"
	"No, no, Pop," corrects his son.  "He got four balls.  He walks."
	And the old man clenches his fist and says solemnly, "Walka proud
Joe.  Walka proud."


There is no fool to the old fool.
		-- John Heywood


Living in Hollywood is like living in a bowl of granola.
What ain't fruits and nuts is flakes.


Peterson's Rules:
	(1) Trucks that overturn on freeways
		are filled with something sticky.
	(2) No cute baby in a carriage is ever a girl when called one.
	(3) Things that tick are not always clocks.
	(4) Suicide only works when you're bluffing.


"Last night,"  said a lassie named Ruth,
"In a long-distance telephone booth,
	I enjoyed the perfection
	Of an ideal connection --
I was screwed, if you must know the truth."


Once you come out as a Pagan bisexual married leatherdyke,
the rest of life is that much easier.


Everyone in the office is welcome to join the group going to the Columbus
Theater tonight.  Meet in the lobby at 8:30.  The films are "Blue Jennifer"
and "Hot Coed Cheerleaders".


We will have solar energy as soon as the utility companies solve
one technical problem -- how to run a sunbeam through a meter.


PS: This message is not intended to supply the minimum
daily requirement of serious thought.  Consult your doctor
or pharmacist, but not the one that just sent you electronic
junk mail or promises to make explicit drugs fast.
		-- taken from Norman Wilson's .sig


I really look with commiseration over the great body of my fellow citizens
who, reading newspapers, live and die in the belief that they have known
something of what has been passing in their time.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Counting in binary is just like counting
in decimal -- if you are all thumbs.
		-- Glaser and Way


Finally, a reporter got a chance to interview Tarzan.

Reporter: Tarzan?  Is that your first or last name?
Tarzan:   Tarzan first name.
Reporter: Then, what's your whole name?
Tarzan:   Tarzan of the Apes.
Reporter: And who is the woman with you?
Tarzan:   That Jane.
Reporter: And what's Jane's whole name?
Tarzan:   Cunt.


With women, I've got a long bamboo pole with a leather loop on the end of
it.  I slip the loop around their necks so they can't get away or come too
close.  Like catching snakes.
		-- Marlon Brando


How untasteful can you get?


Common sense and a sense of humor are the same thing, moving at
different speeds.  A sense of humor is just common sense, dancing.
		-- Clive James


Thyme's Law:
	Everything goes wrong at once.


The Italian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest, "I Can't Get No
Contraception", has been withdrawn after the Pope advised them to
pull it out at the last minute.
		-- Not the Nine O'Clock News


Only a fool has no doubts.


Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark.
Professionals built the Titanic.


What does not destroy me, makes me stronger.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


You can't make a program without broken egos.


While walking down a crowded
City street the other day,
I heard a little urchin
To a comrade turn and say,
"Say, Chimmey, lemme tell youse,
I'd be happy as a clam
If only I was de feller dat
Me mudder t'inks I am.

"She t'inks I am a wonder,		My friends, be yours a life of toil
An' she knows her little lad		Or undiluted joy,
Could never mix wit' nuttin'		You can learn a wholesome lesson
Dat was ugly, mean or bad.		From that small, untutored boy.
Oh, lot o' times I sit and t'ink	Don't aim to be an earthly saint
How nice, 'twould be, gee whiz!		With eyes fixed on a star:
If a feller was de feller		Just try to be the fellow that
Dat his mudder t'inks he is."		Your mother thinks you are.
		-- Will S. Adkin, "If I Only Was the Fellow"


Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
		-- John Lennon, "Beautiful Boy"


Cutting the space budget really restores my faith in humanity.  It
eliminates dreams, goals, and ideals and lets us get straight to the
business of hate, debauchery, and self-annihilation.
		-- Johnny Hart


Hello.  Jim Rockford's machine, this is Larry Doheny's machine.  Will you
please have your master call my master at his convenience?  Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.


The difference between a career and a job is about 20 hours a week.


It is a sobering thought that when Mozart was
my age, he had been dead for 2 years.
		-- Tom Lehrer


I can relate to that.


For adult education nothing beats children.


Any girl who believes that the way to a man's heart is through
his stomach is obviously setting her standards too high.


The number of computer scientists in a room is inversely
proportional to the number of bugs in their code.


We read to say that we have read.


Overflow on /dev/null: please empty the bit bucket.


