Supervisor: Do you think you understand the basic ideas of Quantum Mechanics?
Supervisee: Ah! Well, what do we mean by "to understand" in the context of
	    Quantum Mechanics?
Supervisor: You mean "No", don't you?
Supervisee: Yes.
		-- Overheard at a supervision


Life is a game of bridge -- and you've just been finessed.


The new cinematic emporium
Is not just a super-sensorium,
	But a highly effectual
	Heterosexual
Mutual masturbatorium.


Sleep is for the weak and sickly.


An office party is not, as is sometimes supposed the Managing Director's
chance to kiss the tea-girl.  It is the tea-girl's chance to kiss the
Managing Director (however bizarre an ambition this may seem to anyone
who has seen the Managing Director face on).
		-- Katherine Whitehorn, "Roundabout"


Unix gives you just enough rope to hang yourself -- and then a couple
of more feet, just to be sure.
		-- Eric Allman

... We make rope.
		-- Rob Gingell on Sun Microsystems' new virtual memory


Any great truth can -- and eventually will -- be expressed as a cliche --
a cliche is a sure and certain way to dilute an idea.  For instance, my
grandmother used to say, "The black cat is always the last one off the
fence."  I have no idea what she meant, but at one time, it was undoubtedly
true.
		-- Solomon Short


QOTD:
	"I ain't broke, but I'm badly bent."


Man proposes, God disposes.
		-- Thomas a Kempis


What do hookers do on their nights off, type?
		-- Elayn Boosler


Coding is easy;  All you do is sit staring at a
terminal until the drops of blood form on your forehead.


That's odd.  That's very odd.
Wouldn't you say that's very odd?


Those parts of the system that you can hit with a hammer (not advised)
are called hardware; those program instructions that you can only curse
at are called software.
		-- Levitating Trains and Kamikaze Genes: Technological
		   Literacy for the 1990's.


Seems like this guy is hitting up on a woman in a bar.  After assiduously
pursuing her for several minutes, she leans forward and tells him that he's
a nice guy and all that, but, well, that she's a lesbian.  Confused, he asks
her what that means.
	"Well," she replies, "you see that woman at the corner table?"
	"Yeah..."
	"I'd like to walk over to her, and unbottom her blouse."
	"Yeah..."
	"And then I'd like to kiss her and suck on her nipples... and
then I'd like to take off her skirt... and run my hand over her thighs..."
	"Right!  Right!" interrupts the guy.  "I think I'm a lesbian too!"


Hi there!  This is just a note from me, to you, to tell you, the person
reading this note, that I can't think up any more famous quotes, jokes,
nor bizarre stories, so you may as well go home.


Genius is the talent of a person who is dead.


Chicago, n.:
	Where the dead still vote ... early and often!


Kiss me, Kate, we will be married o' Sunday.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"


	For three years, the young attorney had been taking his brief
vacations at this country inn.  The last time he'd finally managed an
affair with the innkeeper's daughter.  Looking forward to an exciting
few days, he dragged his suitcase up the stairs of the inn, then stopped
short.  There sat his lover with an infant on her lap!
	"Helen, why didn't you write when you learned you were pregnant?"
he cried.  "I would have rushed up here, we could have gotten married,
and the baby would have my name!"
	"Well," she said, "when my folks found out about my condition,
we sat up all night talkin' and talkin' and finally decided it would be
better to have a bastard in the family than a lawyer."


The more cordial the buyers secretary, the greater
the odds that the competition already has the order.


Darth Vader!  Only you would be so bold!
		-- Princess Leia Organa


A putt that stops close enough to the cup to inspire such comments as
"you could blow it in" may be blown in.  This rule does not apply if
the ball is more than three inches from the hole, because no one wants
to make a travesty of the game.
		-- Donald A. Metz


For men use, if they have an evil turn, to write it in marble:
and whoso doth us a good turn we write it in dust.
		-- Sir Thomas More


A Tale of Two Cities LITE(tm)
	-- by Charles Dickens

	A man in love with a girl who loves another man who looks just
	like him has his head chopped off in France because of a mean
	lady who knits.

Crime and Punishment LITE(tm)
	-- by Fyodor Dostoyevsky

	A man sends a nasty letter to a pawnbroker, but later
	feels guilty and apologizes.

The Odyssey LITE(tm)
	-- by Homer

	After working late, a valiant warrior gets lost on his way home.


				FROM THE DESK OF
				Snow White

Dear Snow White:

	Thanks for last night.

		Sleepy, Doc, Grumpy, Sneezy, Happy, Dopey, Bashful


Those who can, do; those who can't, simulate.


Said Einstein, "I have an equation
Which to some may seem Rabelaisian:
	Let _V be virginity
	Approaching infinity;
Let _P be a constant persuasion;

"Let _V over _P be inverted
With the square root of _M_u inserted
	_N times into _V ...
	The result, Q.E.D.,
Is a relative!"  Einstein asserted.


I'd love to go out with you, but the man on television told me to stay
tuned.


Benson, you are so free of the ravages of intelligence.
		-- Time Bandits


A friend of mine received a note through the mail advising him,
	"If you don't stop making love to my wife, I'll kill you."
The trouble is, the note wasn't signed.


I can understand companionship.  I can understand bought sex in the
afternoon.  I cannot understand the love affair.
		-- Gore Vidal


Cursor address, n.:
	"Hello, cursor!"
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


Wilcox's Law:
	A pat on the back is only a few
	centimeters from a kick in the pants.


John Paul II is famous for his touring, and his quaint habit of pressing
his lips to foreign soil on his arrival.  This sparked some wit to remark:
	"The Pope has it backwards: he kisses the ground, and walks on
the women!"


We cannot put the face of a person on a stamp unless said person is
deceased.  My suggestion, therefore, is that you drop dead.
		-- James E. Day, Postmaster General


This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and
intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to which they
are addressed. If you are not the intended recipient of this
transmission, please delete it immediately.

Obviously, I am the idiot who sent it to you by mistake. Furthermore,
there is no way I can force you to delete it. Worse, by the time you
have reached this disclaimer you have already read the document.
Telling you to forget it would seem absurd. In any event, I have no
legal right to force you to take any action upon this email anyway.

This entire disclaimer is just a waste of everyone's time and
bandwidth. Therefore, let us just forget the whole thing and enjoy a
cold beer instead.
 		-- found on the dovecot mailinglist


The star of that X-rated hit
Plays a nurse with a throat full of clit.
	This serves as a palace
	For each turgid phallus--
Some say that the plot is pure shit.


I am not sure what this is, but an "F" would only dignify it.
		-- English Professor


The problem with me is that I am fifty or one hundred years ahead of my
time.  My speed is very fast.  Some ministers have had to drop out of my
government because they could not keep up.
		-- Idi Amin Dada


A sharper perspective on this matter is particularly important to feminist
thought today, because a major tendency in feminism has constructed the
problem of domination as a drama of female vulnerability victimized by male
aggression.  Even the more sophisticated feminist thinkers frequently shy
away from the analysis of submission, for fear that in admitting woman's
participation in the relationship of domination, the onus of responsibility
will appear to shift from men to women, and the moral victory from women to
men.  More generally, this has been a weakness of radical politics: to
idealize the oppressed, as if their politics and culture were untouched by
the system of domination, as if people did not participate in their own
submission.  To reduce domination to a simple relation of doer and done-to
is to substitute moral outrage for analysis.
		-- Jessica Benjamin, "The Bonds of Love"


You will step on the night soil of many countries.


[We] use bad software and bad machines for the wrong things.
		-- R. W. Hamming


Gnagloot, n.:
	A person who leaves all his ski passes on his jacket just to
	impress people.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Behind every successful man you'll find a woman with nothing to wear.


	Two parent drops spent months teaching their son how to be part of the
ocean.  After months of training, the father drop commented to the mother drop,
"We've taught our boy everything we know, he's fit to be tide."
	After Snow White used a couple rolls of film taking pictures of the
seven dwarfs, she mailed the roll to be developed.  Later she was heard to
sing, "Some day my prints will come."
	A boy spent years collecting postage stamps.  The girl next door bought
an album too, and started her own collection.  "Dad, she buys everything I've
bought, and it's taken all the fun out of it for me.  I'm quitting."  Don't,
son, remember, 'Imitation is the sincerest form of philately.'"
	A young girl, Carmen Cohen, was called by her last name by her father,
and her first name by her mother.  By the time she was ten, didn't know if she
was Carmen or Cohen.
	Against his wishes, a math teacher's classroom was remodeled.  Ever
since, he's been talking about the good old dais.  His students planted a small
orchard in his honor, the trees all have square roots.


QOTD:
	"Unlucky?  If I bought a pumpkin farm, they'd cancel Halloween."


Hire the handicapped -- they're fun to watch!


I am very fond of the company of ladies.  I like their beauty,
I like their delicacy, I like their vivacity, and I like their silence.
		-- Samuel Johnson


Support your right to bare arms!
		-- A message from the National Short-Sleeved Shirt Association


Q:	What do elephants use instead of tampons?
A:	Sheep.  Well, they used to, anyway.  There have been so many cases
	of Toxic Flock Syndrome recently that their ewes has been discouraged.

Q:	Why do elephants have trunks?
A:	Sheep don't have strings.


Walt:	Dad, what's gradual school?
Garp:	Gradual school?
Walt:	Yeah.  Mom says her work's more fun now that she's teaching
	gradual school.
Garp:	Oh.  Well, gradual school is someplace you go and gradually
	find out that you don't want to go to school anymore.
		-- The World According To Garp


Copa-ulation:
(to the tune of Copacabana)

Her name was Lola, she was a bimbo, with yellow streamers in her hair,
She wore see-through underwear, she'd go to discos, and do the go-go,
And while she tried to be star, Tony jacked off on the bar,
And when the dance was done, his hand was full of come,
His favorite drink is cream in coffee,
Won't you order one?

At the Copa, Copa-ulation ...

Her name was Lola, she was a show-girl,
But that was thirty years ago, when she still could slurp and blow,
Now she's a sado, but not for Tony, still in her chains and leather gown,
She ties Rico to the ground, and fucks that boy half-blind,
But Rico, he don't mind, there are whips and a lot of beatings,
But a real good time ...


We cannot command nature except by obeying her.
		-- Sir Francis Bacon


A transistor protected by a fast-acting
fuse will protect the fuse by blowing first.


Please don't put a strain on our friendship
by asking me to do something for you.


I saw what you did and I know who you are.


A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Portrait of Mr. W. H."


Real Programmers don't play tennis, or any other sport that requires
you to change clothes.  Mountain climbing is OK, and real programmers
wear their climbing boots to work in case a mountain should suddenly
spring up in the middle of the machine room.


What is irritating about love is that it is a crime that requires
an accomplice.
		-- Charles Baudelaire


Eggnog is a traditional holiday drink invented by the English.  Many
people wonder where the word "eggnog" comes from.  The first syllable
comes from the English word "egg", meaning "egg".  I don't know where
the "nog" comes from.

To make eggnog, you'll need rum, whiskey, wine, gin and, if they are in
season, eggs...


I'm going to Vietnam at the request of the White House.  President Johnson
says a war isn't really a war without my jokes.
		-- Bob Hope


You own a dog, but you can only feed a cat.


Chastity:
	The most unnatural of the sexual perversions.
		-- Aldous Huxley


A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single
man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral.
		-- Antoine de Saint-Exupery


By working faithfully eight hours a day,
you may eventually get to be boss and work twelve.
		-- Robert Frost


Whatever is not nailed down is mine.
Whatever I can pry up is not nailed down.
		-- Collis P. Huntingdon, railroad tycoon


Adhere to your own act, and congratulate yourself if you have done
something strange and extravagant, and broken the monotony of a
decorous age.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


In those days he was wiser than he is now -- he used to frequently take
my advice.
		-- Winston Churchill


Viennese Oyster: Lady who can cross her feet behind her head, lying on her
back, of course.  When she has done so, you hold her tightly round each instep
with your full hand and squeeze, lying on her full-length.  Don't try to put
an unsupple partner into this position -- it can't be achieved by brute force.
You can get a very similar sensation -- unique rocking pelvic movement -- with
less expertise if she crosses her ankles on her tummy, knees to shoulders, and
you lie on her crossed ankles with your full weight.  Why "Viennese" we don't
know.  Tolerable for short periods only but gives tremendous genital pressure
for both.
		-- The Joy of Sex


There's nothing like good food, good wine, and a bad girl.


Logicians have but ill defined
As rational the human kind.
Logic, they say, belongs to man,
But let them prove it if they can.
		-- Oliver Goldsmith


Said a decadent wench of Bombay:
"This has been a most wonderful day.
	Three cherry tarts,
	At least twenty farts,
Two shits, and a bloody fine lay."


The voluptuous blond was chatting with her handsome escort in a posh
restaurant when their waiter, stumbling as he brought their drinks,
dumped a martini on the rocks down the back of the blonde's dress.  She
sprang to her feet with a wild rebel yell, dashed wildly around the table,
then galloped wriggling from the room followed by her distraught boyfriend.
A man seated on the other side of the room with a date of his own beckoned
to the waiter and said, "We'll have two of whatever she was drinking."


Moe:	Wanna play poker tonight?
Joe:	I can't. It's the kids' night out.
Moe:	So?
Joe:	I gotta stay home with the nurse.


Reality is for people who can't deal with drugs.
		-- Lily Tomlin


Faith is under the left nipple.
		-- Martin Luther


A pretty foot is one of the greatest gifts of nature... please send me your
last pair of shoes, already worn out in dancing... so I can have something
of yours to press against my heart.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


The six great gifts of an Irish girl are beauty, soft
voice, sweet speech, wisdom, needlework, and chastity.
		-- Theodore Roosevelt, 1907


Q:	What do you call a TV set that fixes itself?
A:	A Christian Science Monitor.


I've had a perfectly wonderful evening.  But this wasn't it.
		-- Groucho Marx


It seems appropriate to me that Mapplethorpe's perverse images should
be situated so close to Congress, which perpetuates a number of
unnatural acts upon the body politic every day, without benefit of
artificial lubrication or foreplay.
		-- Pat Calafia's review of Camille Paglia's
		   "Sex, Art and American Culture"


Fortune understands that the vote on a bill to legalize bisexuality
could go either way.


Would you mind terribly much if I asked you to take your silly-assed
problem down the hall?


The common cormorant, or shag, lays eggs inside a paper bag.


We laugh at the Indian philosopher, who to account for the support
of the earth, contrived the hypothesis of a huge elephant, and to support
the elephant, a huge tortoise.  If we will candidly confess the truth, we
know as little of the operation of the nerves, as he did of the manner in
which the earth is supported: and our hypothesis about animal spirits, or
about the tension and vibrations of the nerves, are as like to be true, as
his about the support of the earth.  His elephant was a hypothesis, and our
hypotheses are elephants.  Every theory in philosophy, which is built on
pure conjecture, is an elephant; and every theory that is supported partly
by fact, and partly by conjecture, is like Nebuchadnezzar's image, whose
feet were partly of iron, and partly of clay.
		-- Thomas Reid, "An Inquiry into the Human Mind", 1764


	While riding in a train between London and Birmingham, a woman
inquired of Oscar Wilde, "You don't mind if I smoke, do you?"
	Wilde gave her a sidelong glance and replied, "I don't mind if
you burn, madam."


The problem ... is that we have run out of dinosaurs to form oil with.
Scientists working for the Department of Energy have tried to form oil
using other animals; they've piled thousands of tons of sand and Middle
Eastern countries on top of cows, raccoons, haddock, laboratory rats,
etc., but so far all they have managed to do is run up an enormous
bulldozer-rental bill and anger a lot of Middle Eastern persons.  None
of the animals turned into oil, although most of the laboratory rats
developed cancer.
		-- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"


What we Are is God's give to us.
What we Become is our gift to God.


When God endowed human beings with brains,
He did not intend to guarantee them.


Let us go, through certain half-deserted streets,
The muttering retreats
Of restless nights in one-night cheap hotels
And sawdust restaurants with oyster-shells:
Streets that follow like a tedious argument
Of insidious intent
To lead you to an overwhelming question...
Oh, do not ask, "What is it?"
		-- T. S. Eliot, "Love song of J. Alfred Prufrock"


The most advantageous, pre-eminent thing thou canst do is not to
exhibit nor display thyself within the limits of our galaxy, but
rather depart instantaneously whence thou even now standest and
flee to yet another rotten planet in the universe, if thou canst
have the good fortune to find one.
		-- Carlyle


Sleep is for the weak and sickly.


Dear Lord: Please make my words sweet and tender, for tomorrow I may
have to eat them.


People who live in glass houses should ball in the basement.


I'd rather have fingers than toes,
I'd rather have ears than a nose,
	And a happy erection
	Brought just to perfection
Makes me terribly sad when it goes.


Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"

Whenever one person is found adequate to the discharge of a duty by
close application thereto, it is worse execute by two persons and
scarcely done at all if three or more are employed therein.
		-- George Washington (1732-1799)


You've got to pity New Mexico... so far from heaven and so close to Texas.


Every solution breeds new problems.


Even nowadays a man can't step up and kill a woman without feeling
just a bit unchivalrous ...
		-- Robert Benchley


The part of the world that people find most puzzling is the part called "Me".


If you stew apples like cranberries,
they taste more like prunes than rhubarb does.
		-- Groucho Marx


How come wrong numbers are never busy?


The problem that we thought was a problem was, indeed,
a problem, but not the problem we thought was the problem.
		-- Mike Smith


The best thing about growing older is that it takes such a long time.


Remember the... the... uhh.....


Doctors take two aspirin and do it in the morning.


