Why You Can't Run When There's Trouble in the Office:
	No matter where you stand, no matter how far or fast you flee,
when it hits the fan, as much as possible will be propelled in your
direction, and almost none will be returned to the source.
		-- John L. Shelton


You always introduce the younger person to the older person, using the
wording:  "Miss Brown, I'd like to introduce you to an older person"
(unless her name is not "Miss Brown").  If you do not know a person's
age, ask for a driver's license and a major credit card.  If you are
introduced to a member of a minority group, use the "high-five" style
handshake, followed by a remark designed to show you don't mind a bit,
such as "I see you are a (name of a minority group)!  Good!"
		-- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"


You can cage a swallow, can't you,
	but you can't swallow a cage, can you?
Girl, bathing on Bikini, eyeing boy,
	finds boy eyeing bikini on bathing girl.
A man, a plan, a canal -- Panama!
		-- The Palindromist


You are a wish to be here wishing yourself.
		-- Philip Whalen


The road to hell is paved with good intentions.  And littered with
sloppy analysis!


There's nothing like the face of a kid eating a Hershey bar.


TRUST ME:
	Get me, give me, buy me, do me.


The answer is that libdialog, the library on which sysinstall depends
for these menus, is genuinely evil.  It is the unloved, satanic
bastard child of multiple parents and torturing users like yourself
constitutes the only joy in life it has left.  Its source files are
all chmod'd 0666 and dire README files warn against trespass by
neophyte programmers.  It is the 7th gate of Hell.  It makes the baby
Jesus cry.  Were libdialog given anthropomorphic representation, it
would be promptly burnt at the stake and its ashes scattered in the
desert, to be then doused with holy water from altitude by
fire-fighting aircraft.

		-- Jordan K. Hubbard on the evils of libdialog


The justifications for drug testing are part of the presently fashionable
debate concerning restoring America's "competitiveness." Drugs, it has been
revealed, are responsible for rampant absenteeism, reduced output, and poor
quality work.  But is drug testing in fact rationally related to the
resurrection of competitiveness?  Will charging the atmosphere of the
workplace with the fear of excretory betrayal honestly spur productivity?
Much noise has been made about rehabilitating the worker using drugs, but
to date the vast majority of programs end with the simple firing or the not
hiring of the abuser.  This practice may exacerbate, not alleviate, the
nation's productivity problem.  If economic rehabilitation is the ultimate
goal of drug testing, then criteria abandoning the rehabilitation of the
drug-using worker is the purest of hypocrisy and the worst of rationalization.
		-- The concluding paragraph of "Constitutional Law: The
		   Fourth Amendment and Drug Testing in the Workplace,"
		   Tim Moore, Harvard Journal of Law & Public Policy, vol.
		   10, No. 3 (Summer 1987), pp. 762-768.


W. Lafayette may not be the asshole of the universe...
	but you sure as hell can see it from there!


A virgin is chaste.


Nothing is illegal if one hundred businessmen decide to do it.
		-- Andrew Young


Something better...

13 (sympathetic): Oh, What happened?  Did your parents lose a bet with God?
14 (complementary): You must love the little birdies to give them this to
	perch on.
15 (scientific): Say, does that thing there influence the tides?
16 (obscure): Oh, I'd hate to see the grindstone.
17 (inquiry): When you stop to smell the flowers, are they afraid?
18 (french): Say, the pigs have refused to find any more truffles until you
	leave.
19 (pornographic): Finally, a man who can satisfy two women at once.
20 (religious): The Lord giveth and He just kept on giving, didn't He.
21 (disgusting): Say, who mows your nose hair?
22 (paranoid): Keep that guy away from my cocaine!
23 (aromatic): It must be wonderful to wake up in the morning and smell the
	coffee ... in Brazil.
24 (appreciative): Oooo, how original.  Most people just have their teeth
	capped.
25 (dirty): Your name wouldn't be Dick, would it?
		-- Steve Martin, "Roxanne"


If the weather is extremely bad, church attendance will be down.
If the weather is extremely good, church attendance will be down.
If the bulletin covers are in short supply, however,
church attendance will exceed all expectations.
		-- Reverend Chichester


Awash with unfocused desire, Everett twisted the lobe of his one remaining
ear and felt the presence of somebody else behind him, which caused terror
to push through his nervous system like a flash flood roaring down the
mid-fork of the Feather River before the completion of the Oroville Dam
in 1959.
		-- Grand Panjandrum's Special Award, 1984 Bulwer-Lytton
		   bad fiction contest.


How can you govern a nation which has 246 kinds of cheese?
		-- Charles de Gaulle


Women are not much, but they are the best other sex we have.
		-- Herold


Never put off till run-time what you can do at compile-time.
		-- D. Gries


Never insult an alligator until you've crossed the river.


Life is like a tin of sardines.
We're, all of us, looking for the key.
		-- Beyond the Fringe


Labia majora, n.:
	The curly gates.


QOTD:
	"All I want is a little more than I'll ever get."


Historians have now definitely established that Juan Cabrillo, discoverer
of California, was not looking for Kansas, thus setting a precedent that
continues to this day.
		-- Wayne Shannon


Newsflash:
	Apparently the rapture did occur last Tuesday as was originally
predicted.  All true believers were transported to heaven while the rest
of us were left behind to await the Anti-Christ and the end of the world.
	Widespread reports that the rapture had not occurred stemmed from
expectations that the effect would be more widespread than it turned out
to be.  The definition of "true believer" was apparently more restrictive
than expected, however, and the only qualifiers were a family of five,
living in Stenton, North Dakota.


	A man sank into the psychiatrist's couch and said, "I have a
terrible problem, Doctor.  I have a son at Harvard and another son at
Princeton; I've just gifted each of them with a new Ferrari; I've got
homes in Beverly Hills, Palm Beach, and a co-op in New York; and I've
got a thriving ranch in Venezuela.  My wife is a gorgeous young actress
who considers my two mistresses to be her best friends."
	The psychiatrist looked at the patient, confused.  "Did I miss
something?  It sounds to me like you have no problems at all."
	"But, Doctor, I only make $175 a week."


Ladies, here's a hint: If you're playing against a friend who has big
boobs, bring her to the net and make her hit backhand volleys.  That's
the hardest shot for the well endowed.  "I've got to hit over them or
under them, but I can't hit through," Annie Jones used to always moan
to me.  Not having much in my bra, I found it hard to sympathize with
her.
		-- Billie Jean King


The best way to get rid of worries is to let them die of neglect.


The society which scorns excellence in plumbing as a humble activity and
tolerates shoddiness in philosophy because it is an exalted activity will
have neither good plumbing nor good philosophy... neither its pipes nor
its theories will hold water.


Do not count your chickens before they are hatched.
		-- Aesop


The difference between a Miracle and a Fact is
exactly the difference between a mermaid and a seal.
		-- Mark Twain


FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #5

A:	The Halls of Montezuma and the Shores of Tripoli.
Q:	Name two families whose kids won't join the Marines.


Pardon me while I laugh.


If you love something set it free.  If it doesn't
come back to you, hunt it down and kill it.


Superstition, idolatry, and hypocrisy
have ample wages, but truth goes a-begging.
		-- Martin Luther


	There once was this swami who lived above a delicatessen.  Seems one
day he decided to stop in downstairs for some fresh liver.  Well, the owner
of the deli was a bit of a cheap-skate, and decided to pick up a little extra
change at his customer's expense.  Turning quietly to the counterman, he
whispered, "Weigh down upon the swami's liver!"


Optimism is the content of small men in high places.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald, "The Crack Up"


Take heart amid the deepening gloom that your dog is finally getting
enough cheese.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


You have a massage (from the Swedish prime minister).


Self-abuse is the most certain road to the grave.
		-- Dr. George M. Calhoun (1855)


Handsome woman. -- Lovely bust.
Fine young fellow. -- Stirred-up lust. --
	Babies' diapers. --
	Bottom wipers. --
Years of struggle. -- Coffin. -- Dust.


The end move in politics is always to pick up a gun.
		-- Buckminster Fuller


An idealist is one who helps the other fellow to make a profit.
		-- Henry Ford


Not all men who drink are poets.
Some of us drink because we aren't poets.


Early to rise and early to bed makes
a man healthy and wealthy and dead.
		-- James Thurber


Two men are in a hot-air balloon.  Soon, they find themselves lost in a
canyon somewhere.  One of the three men says, "I've got an idea.  We can
call for help in this canyon and the echo will carry our voices to the
end of the canyon.  Someone's bound to hear us by then!"
	So he leans over the basket and screams out, "Helllloooooo!  Where
are we?"  (They hear the echo several times).
	Fifteen minutes later, they hear this echoing voice: "Helllloooooo!
You're lost!"
	The shouter comments, "That must have been a mathematician."
	Puzzled, his friend asks, "Why do you say that?"
	"For three reasons.  First, he took a long time to answer, second,
he was absolutely correct, and, third, his answer was absolutely useless."


Wake up all you citizens, hear your country's call,
Not to arms and violence, But peace for one and all.
Crush out hate and prejudice, fear and greed and sin,
Help bring back her dignity, restore her faith again.

Work hard for a common cause, don't let our country fall.
Make her proud and strong again, democracy for all.
Yes, make our country strong again, keep our flag unfurled.
Make our country well again, respected by the world.

Make her whole and beautiful, work from sun to sun.
Stand tall and labor side by side, because there's so much to be done.
Yes, make her whole and beautiful, united strong and free,
Wake up, all you citizens, It's up to you and me.
		-- Pansy Myers Schroeder


"I wonder", he said to himself, "what's in a book while it's closed.  Oh, I
know it's full of letters printed on paper, but all the same, something must
be happening, because as soon as I open it, there's a whole story with people
I don't know yet and all kinds of adventures and battles."
		-- Bastian B. Bux


You know if they ever find a way to harness sarcasm as an energy source,
you people are all going to owe me big.
		-- Bill Paul


God save us from a bad neighbor and a beginner on the fiddle.


It's not against any religion to want to dispose of a pigeon.
		-- Tom Lehrer


Power, like a desolating pestilence,
Pollutes whate'er it touches...
		-- Percy Bysshe Shelley


Some parts of the past must be preserved,
and some of the future prevented at all costs.


Non-Reciprocal Laws of Expectations:
	Negative expectations yield negative results.
	Positive expectations yield negative results.


Q:	What's the difference between "Oooh" and "Aaah"?
A:	About three inches.


It is Fortune, not Wisdom, that rules man's life.


Nothing is ever a total loss; it can always serve as a bad example.


MICRO:
	Thinker toys.


Brucify, v.:
	1: Kill by nailing onto style(9); "David O'Brien was brucified"
	2: Annoy constantly by reminding of potential improvements
	   [syn: {torment}, {rag}, {tantalize}, {bedevil}, {dun},
	   {frustrate}]
	3: Fix problems that were indicated in an earlier brucification
	   (of one of the two other meanings).
The word 'brucify' originally comes from the style-reviews of Bruce
Evans of the FreeBSD project, but is now also sometimes used for
reviews just done in his spirit.


You teach best what you most need to learn.


Oh, I have slipped the surly bonds of earth,
And danced the skies on laughter silvered wings;
Sunward I've climbed and joined the tumbling mirth
Of sun-split clouds and done a hundred things
You have not dreamed of --
Wheeled and soared and swung
High in the sunlit silence.
Hovering there
I've chased the shouting wind along and flung
My eager craft through footless halls of air.
Up, up along delirious, burning blue
I've topped the wind-swept heights with easy grace,
Where never lark, or even eagle flew;
And, while with silent, lifting mind I've trod
The high untrespassed sanctity of space,
Put out my hand, and touched the face of God.
		-- John Gillespie Magee, Jr., "High Flight"


Working here is like a pregnancy.
After nine months you wish you hadn't come.


Iles's Law:
	There is always an easier way to do it.  When looking directly
	at the easy way, especially for long periods, you will not see
	it.  Neither will Iles.


I'd rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy.


English literature's performing flea.
		-- Sean O'Casey on P. G. Wodehouse


I have that old biological urge,
I have that old irresistible surge,
I'm hungry.


Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"

Whenever one person is found adequate to the discharge of a duty by
close application thereto, it is worse execute by two persons and
scarcely done at all if three or more are employed therein.
		-- George Washington (1732-1799)


Piddle, twiddle, and resolve,
Not one damn thing do we solve.
		-- 1776


A sequel is an admission that you've been reduced to imitating yourself.
		-- Don Marquis


He:	So, what do you say to little fuck?
She:	I say, "get lost, little fuck."


Little Known Facts, #23:
	Did you know... that if you dial 911 in Los Angeles you get
	the BMW repair garage?


Photographing a volcano is just about
the most miserable thing you can do.
		-- Robert B. Goodman
		   [Who has clearly never tried to use a PDP-10.  Ed.]


Chemistry is applied theology.
		-- Augustus Stanley Owsley III


You're currently going through a difficult transition period called "Life."


If your sexual fantasies were truly of interest to others, they would no
longer be fantasies.
		-- Fran Lebowitz


[Wisdom] is a tree of life to those laying
hold of her, making happy each one holding her fast.
		-- Proverbs 3:18, NSV


She hates testicles, thus limiting the men she can admire to Democratic
candidates for president.
		-- John Greenway, "The American Tradition", on feminist
		   Elizabeth Gould Davis


Eat the rich -- the poor are tough and stringy.


Sex; it's always best when one partner is at least a little bit desperate.


"You are old," said the youth, "as I mentioned before,
	And make errors few people could bear;
You complain about everyone's English but yours --
	Do you really think this is quite fair?"

"I make lots of mistakes," Father William declared,
	"But my stature these days is so great
That no critic can hurt me -- I've got them all scared,
	And to stop me it's now far too late."


Experience is the worst teacher.  It always
gives the test first and the instruction afterward.


In 1915 pancake make-up was invented but most people still preferred
syrup.


The trouble with telling a good story is that it invariably reminds
the other fellow of a dull one.
		-- Sid Caesar


Four men had been playing golf together for twenty years.  After their usual
Saturday game one week, one of the men joined the other three for a post-game
shower for the first time.  His friends were surprised - "For twenty years",
one of them says, "you haven't showered after our game, you've just waited for
us in the clubhouse.  Why the sudden change?"
	"Well", replies their friend, "I was born with a fairly unusual
medical condition.  I had both a penis and a vagina.  Last month I finally
decided to have the vagina removed."
	The other three men look at him in disbelief and disgust.  "You
mean," snaps one of them, "you could have played from the women's tee all
these years?"


Dentist, n.:
	A Prestidigitator who, putting metal in one's mouth,
	pulls coins out of one's pockets.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Although a fifth-generation American, Father Sweeny was more Irish than most
of Erin's natives.  He spoke with an Irish brogue which had mysteriously
appeared during his nineteenth year and he *hated* the English.  Due to his
proclivity to belabor the British from his pulpit, complaints to his
superiors were not infrequent.  He would blame anything evil or merely
inconvenient on the English people.  If there was an act of terrorism, the
responsibility was promptly laid at the feet of the Brits.  If there was a
natural disaster, undoubtedly the English government was an accessory to
the fact, if not outrightly culpable.  Repeatedly, his superiors called him
on the carpet for his behavior.  After a particularly vituperative
anti-British broadside, the Bishop instructed Father Sweeny to come straight
to his office; do not pass GO; do not collect two hundred dollars.  Summing
up a humiliating and soul-marking reprimand, the Bishop ended with: "Next
week is Saint Patrick's Day.  If you so much as *mention* the British, it's
your last sermon!"

The following Sunday, as Father Sweeny spoke lovingly and eloquently of
Saint Patrick, and he made a reference to the last Passover celebrated by
Christ and His disciples.  "Sure, an' you're all familiar with the tale.
You know that Our Lord sat at the table and told his disciples that one
among them would betray Him.  As He looked around the table, He stopped at
Peter, the Rock, who said, `Not I, Lord!'  He looked at Thomas, who doubted,
and Thomas said, `I could never do such a thing!'  Then the Lord looked long
and hard at Judas Iscariot, who said, `Cor, bloimy, Guv'na, you couldn't
main may!'"


The urge to gamble is so universal and its practice so pleasurable
that I assume it must be evil.
		-- Heywood Broun


Stalin was dying, and summoned Khruschev to his bedside.  Wheezing his last
words with difficulty, Stalin tells Khruschev, "The reins of the country are
now in your hands.  But before I go, I want to give you some advice."
	"Yes, yes, what is it?" says Khruschev, impatiently.  Reaching under
his pillow, Stalin produced two envelopes labeled #1 and #2.
	"Take these letters," he tells Khruschev. "Keep them safely -- don't
open them.  Only if the country is in turmoil and things aren't going well,
open the first one.  That'll give you some advice on what to do.  And, if
after that, if things start getting REALLY bad, open the second one."  And
with a gasp Stalin breathed his last.
	Well, within a few years Khruschev started having problems --
unemployment increased, crops failed, people became restless.  He decided it
was time to open the first letter.  All it said was: "Blame everything on me!"
So Khruschev launched a massive deStalinization campaign, and blamed Stalin
for all the excesses and purges and ills of the present system.
	But things continued on the downslide, and, finally, after much
deliberation, Khruschev opened the second letter.
	All it said was: "Write two letters."


God is really only another artist.  He invented the giraffe, the
elephant and the cat.  He has no real style, He just goes on trying
other things.
		-- Pablo Picasso


	"Darling", said the young bride, "tell me what's bothering you.
We promised to share all our joys and sorrows, remember?"
	"But this is different," protested her husband.
	"Together, darling," she insisted, "we will bear the burden.
Now tell me what our problem is."
	"Well," said the husband, "we've just become the father of a
bastard child."


What good is having someone who can walk on water if you don't follow
in his footsteps?


Take me drunk,
I'm home again!


The truth of a proposition has nothing to do with its credibility.
And vice versa.


You can make it illegal, but you can't make it unpopular.


Q:	Have you ever been picked up by the fuzz?
A:	No, but I bet it hurts like hell.


Said sneering Mohammed el-Din:
"Only infidel dogs put it in.
	Back home in Arabia
	We nibble the labia
Till the juice dribbles off of our chin."


I have just enough white in me to make my honesty questionable.
		-- Will Rogers


Senor Castro has been accused of communist sympathies, but this means very
little since all opponents of the regime are automatically called communists.
In fact he is further to the right than General Batista.
		-- "Cuba's Rightist Rebel", The Economist, April 26, 1958


We are what we are.


	It was the next morning that the armies of Twodor marched east
laden with long lances, sharp swords, and death-dealing hangovers.  The
thousands were led by Arrowroot, who sat limply in his sidesaddle,
nursing a whopper.  Goodgulf, Gimlet, and the rest rode by him, praying
for their fate to be quick, painless, and if possible, someone else's.
	Many an hour the armies forged ahead, the war-merinos bleating
under their heavy burdens and the soldiers bleating under their melting
icepacks.
		-- The Harvard Lampoon, "Bored of the Rings"


Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
		-- Lily Tomlin


If you waste your time cooking, you'll miss the next meal.


George Washington was first in war, first in peace -- and the first to
have his birthday juggled to make a long weekend.
		-- Ashley Cooper


On the whole, I'd rather be in Philadelphia.
		-- W. C. Fields' epitaph


Never have children, only grandchildren.
		-- Gore Vidal


	A hard-luck actor who appeared in one colossal disaster after another
finally got a break, a broken leg to be exact.  Someone pointed out that it's
the first time the poor fellow's been in the same cast for more than a week.


We are the people our parents warned us about.


Mistress Mary, quite contrary,
How does your garden grow?
With silver bells and cockle shells,
And one really fucked-up petunia.


To communicate is the beginning of understanding.
		-- AT&T


A little retrospection shows that although many fine, useful software systems
have been designed by committees and built as part of multipart projects,
those software systems that have excited passionate fans are those that are
the products of one or a few designing minds, great designers.  Consider Unix,
APL, Pascal, Modula, the Smalltalk interface, even Fortran; and contrast them
with Cobol, PL/I, Algol, MVS/370, and MS-DOS.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr.


Life is cheap, but the accessories can kill you.


Smartness runs in my family.  When I went to school I was so smart my
teacher was in my class for five years.
		-- George Burns


I met a wonderful new man.  He's fictional, but you can't have everything.
		-- Cecelia, "The Purple Rose of Cairo"


Fourteen years in the professor dodge has taught me that one can argue
ingeniously on behalf of any theory, applied to any piece of literature.
This is rarely harmful, because normally no-one reads such essays.
		-- Robert Parker, quoted in "Murder Ink", ed. D. Wynn


Coito ergo sum


Your mode of life will be changed to EBCDIC.


A man's house is his hassle.


If you make a mistake you right it
immediately to the best of your ability.


If you sow your wild oats, hope for a crop failure.


There is no such thing as a free lunch.


If sarcasm were posted on Usenet, would anybody notice?
		-- James Nicoll


A gentleman is a man who wouldn't hit a lady with his hat on.
		-- Evan Esar
		[ And why not?  For why does she have his hat on?  Ed.]


When things go well, expect something to
explode, erode, collapse or just disappear.


If you hype something and it succeeds, you're a genius -- it wasn't a
hype.  If you hype it and it fails, then it was just a hype.
		-- Neil Bogart


Brady's First Law of Problem Solving:
	When confronted by a difficult problem, you can solve it more
	easily by reducing it to the question, "How would the Lone Ranger
	have handled this?"


MANAGER:
	A man known for giving great meeting.


Familiarity breeds contempt -- and children.
		-- Mark Twain


People say I live in my own little fantasy world... well, at least they
*know* me there!
		-- D. L. Roth


Chicken Little only has to be right once.


Bondage maybe, discipline never!
		-- T. K.


Well, you see there was this neighborhood that had a priest, a minister, and
a rabbi who lived near each other.  One summer afternoon the priest went out
and bought himself a new car, and the minister and rabbi, not to be outdone,
did the same.
	The next day the priest went out and blessed his car.  The minister
hired a crane and baptized his car in a swimming pool.  The rabbi, after
thinking seriously for a bit, got a hacksaw and cut three inches off the end
of the tail pipe.


Money may buy friendship but money cannot buy love.


Mathematicians do it in theory.


Back in '80 or '81 the workers were rioting in Gdansk and there were fears
that the Soviets would invade Poland to put down the demonstrations.  Foreign
correspondents were curious as to just what the Poles would do if they were
invaded.  They asked, "What will you do if the East Germans invade from the
West and the Soviets invade from the East?  Who will you fight first?"
	To which the Poles replied, "Why, we will fight the Germans first.
Business before pleasure."


So, good night, you moonlit ladies,
Rock-a-bye sweet baby James.
Deep greens and blues are the colors I choose,
Won't you let me go down in my dreams?
And rock-a-bye sweet baby James.
		-- James Taylor, "Rock-a-bye Sweet Baby James"


In charity there is no excess.
		-- Francis Bacon


Never tell.  Not if you love your wife ... In fact, if your old lady walks
in on you, deny it.  Yeah.  Just flat out and she'll believe it: "I'm
tellin' ya.  This chick came downstairs with a sign around her neck `Lay
On Top Of Me Or I'll Die'.  I didn't know what I was gonna do..."
		-- Lenny Bruce


Life does not begin at the moment of conception or the moment of birth.
It begins when the kids leave home and the dog dies.


I'm not a real movie star -- I've still got the same wife I started out
with twenty-eight years ago.
		-- Will Rogers


