Shedenhelm's Law:
	All trails have more uphill sections
	than they have downhill sections.


To every Ph.D. there is an equal and opposite Ph.D.
		-- B. Duggan


If everything on the road of life seems to
be coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.


Long ago I proposed that unsuccessful candidates for the Presidency
be quietly hanged, as a matter of public sanitation and decorum.
The sight of their grief must have a very evil effect upon the young.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "A Carnival of Buncombe"


Bill Dickey is learning me his experience.
		-- Yogi Berra in his rookie season


Q:	What do you call a WASP who doesn't work for his father, isn't a
	lawyer, and believes in social causes?
A:	A failure.


It is now pitch dark.  If you proceed, you will likely fall into a pit.


Wethern's Law:
	Assumption is the mother of all screw-ups.


If you're gonna sleep with someone whose moral code may be written
in Fortran for all you know, at least make sure there's an existing
friendship of some sort to fall back on if things don't work out
like one or the other of you planned.


To laugh at men of sense is the privilege of fools.


There are two theories to arguing with women. Neither one works.


  I. Any body suspended in space will remain in space until made aware of
     its situation.
	Daffy Duck steps off a cliff, expecting further pastureland.  He
	loiters in midair, soliloquizing flippantly, until he chances to
	look down.  At this point, the familiar principle of 32 feet per
	second per second takes over.
 II. Any body in motion will tend to remain in motion until solid matter
     intervenes suddenly.
	Whether shot from a cannon or in hot pursuit on foot, cartoon
	characters are so absolute in their momentum that only a telephone
	pole or an outsize boulder retards their forward motion absolutely.
	Sir Isaac Newton called this sudden termination of motion the
	stooge's surcease.
III. Any body passing through solid matter will leave a perforation
     conforming to its perimeter.
	Also called the silhouette of passage, this phenomenon is the
	speciality of victims of directed-pressure explosions and of reckless
	cowards who are so eager to escape that they exit directly through
	the wall of a house, leaving a cookie-cutout-perfect hole.  The
	threat of skunks or matrimony often catalyzes this reaction.
		-- Esquire, "O'Donnell's Laws of Cartoon Motion", June 1980


Thank God I've always avoided persecuting my enemies.
		-- Adolf Hitler


The bone-chilling scream split the warm summer night in two, the first
half being before the scream when it was fairly balmy and calm and
pleasant, the second half still balmy and quite pleasant for those who
hadn't heard the scream at all, but not calm or balmy or even very nice
for those who did hear the scream, discounting the little period of time
during the actual scream itself when your ears might have been hearing it
but your brain wasn't reacting yet to let you know.
		-- Winning sentence, 1986 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest


Clarke's Third Law:
	Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from
	magic.

G's Third Law:
	In spite of all evidence to the contrary, the entire universe
	is composed of only two basic substances: magic and bullshit.

H's Dictum:
	There is no magic...


I used to have a drinking problem.
Now I love the stuff.


	WARNING TO ALL PERSONNEL:

Firings will continue until morale improves.


NEWS FLASH!!
	Today the East German pole-vault champion
	became the West German pole-vault champion.


Q:	How did the regular expression cross the road?
A:	^.*$


alta, v:	To change; make or become different; modify.
ansa, v:	A spoken or written reply, as to a question.
baa, n:		A place people meet to have a few drinks.
Baaston, n:	The capital of Massachusetts.
baaba, n:	One whose business is to cut or trim hair or beards.
beea, n:	An alcoholic beverage brewed from malt and hops, often
			found in baas.
caaa, n:	An automobile.
centa, n:	A point around which something revolves; axis.  (Or
			someone involved with the Knicks.)
chouda, n:	A thick seafood soup, often in a milk base.
dada, n:	Information, esp. information organized for analysis or
			computation.
		-- Massachewsetts Unabridged Dictionary


Democracy means simply the bludgeoning of the people by the people for
the people.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Bridge ahead.  Pay troll.


Frobnicate, v.:
	To manipulate or adjust, to tweak.  Derived from FROBNITZ.
Usually abbreviated to FROB.  Thus one has the saying "to frob a
frob".  See TWEAK and TWIDDLE.  Usage: FROB, TWIDDLE, and TWEAK
sometimes connote points along a continuum.  FROB connotes aimless
manipulation; TWIDDLE connotes gross manipulation, often a coarse
search for a proper setting; TWEAK connotes fine-tuning.  If someone is
turning a knob on an oscilloscope, then if he's carefully adjusting it
he is probably tweaking it; if he is just turning it but looking at the
screen he is probably twiddling it; but if he's just doing it because
turning a knob is fun, he's frobbing it.


A man was playing golf one day when a little frog hopped out the water at a
water hazard and croaked, "I am a magic frog, and since you are the 10,000th
person to play through here, I'm prepared to offer you one of two magic gifts:
First, for a whole year you can have the most fabulous sex life that anyone
ever had; beyond your wildest dreams.  Or, second, for a whole year you can
be the best golfer the world has ever known.  Which do you prefer?"  The man
thought a bit and said that he'd take the golf.  Well, the man holed his wood
shot from where he was, completed the course in an average of 2 per hole, and
went round in 22.  Quickly he attracted the attention of the sports world,
and became the world's best-known golfer, setting course records wherever
he went.  A year later he was playing the same course inhabited by the frog,
and at the water hazard the frog hopped out and said, "Well, the year is up,
and you now revert to the 18-handicap player you were before.  But tell me, I
was a little surprised that you chose the golf -- I take it your sex life is
outstanding?"  The man said, "Well, I have no complaints in that department
at all, which is why I chose the golf." "How many times did you engage in sex
last year?" inquired the frog.  The man thought a little and said, "Oh, eight
or ten times, I guess."  "Damn," said the frog, "that doesn't strike me as very
satisfactory."  "Oh, I don't know," replied the man, "it doesn't seem so bad
for a Catholic priest from a little town in South Dakota."


Learning French is trivial: the word for horse is cheval, and
everything else follows in the same way.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


The early worm gets the late bird.


I know you believe you understand what you think this fortune says,
but I'm not sure you realize that what you are reading is not what
it means.


	"Sir", said the beggar, "can you spare fifty dollars for a cup of
coffee?"
	"Fifty dollars for a cup of coffee, one should be sufficient!",
answered the gentleman, rather shortly.
	"I know", replied the beggar, "but coffee always makes me horny."


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Woman:

 1. Beer understands the difference between shooting down an unidentified
	aircraft in a war zone and blowing a Korean airliner out of the sky.
 2. A beer would never own a car with an automatic transmission.
 3. A beer never fishes for compliments.
 4. Beer tastes good.
 5. A beer can enjoy an evening of watching "Johnny-the-Wadd-Holmes' Greatest
	Hits" as much as you do.
 6. An ice-cold beer will nonetheless let you have your way with it.
 7. A beer won't ask you to pick up some tampons when you go to the store.
 8. Beer never asks you to change the station.
 9. A beer won't fill up your 'Vette with 85-octane gas because it's twenty
	cents less expensive.
10. A beer won't make you eat experimental vegetarian meals that taste
	like grass.


The identical is equal to itself, since it is different.
		-- Franco Spisani


Never be led astray onto the path of virtue.


Q:	Where's the Lone Ranger take his garbage?
A:	To the dump, to the dump, to the dump dump dump!

Q:	What's the Pink Panther say when he steps on an ant hill?
A:	Dead ant, dead ant, dead ant dead ant dead ant...


Life is a concentration camp.  You're stuck here and there's no way
out and you can only rage impotently against your persecutors.
		-- Woody Allen


Dyslexics have more fnu.


I sometimes think that God, in creating man, somewhat overestimated his
ability.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Courage, n.:
	Two cannibals having oral sex.


Living in Hollywood is like living in a bowl of granola.
What ain't fruits and nuts is flakes.


Il y avait un plombier, Francois,
Qui plombait sa femme dans le Bois.
	Dit-elle, "Arretez!
	J'entends quelqu'un venait."
Dit le plombier, en plombant, "C'est moi."


A husband is what is left of the lover after the nerve has been extracted.
		-- Helen Rowland


Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	When are you going to grow up?
	I'm only doing this for your own good.
	Why are you crying?  Stop crying, or I'll give you something to
		cry about.
	What's wrong with you?
	Someday you'll thank me for this.
	You'd lose your head if it weren't attached.
	Don't you have any sense at all?
	If you keep sucking your thumb, it'll fall off.
	Why?  Because I said so.
	I hope you have a kid just like yourself.


Davis's Dictum:
	Problems that go away by themselves, come back by themselves.


Alas, I am dying beyond my means.
		-- Oscar Wilde [as he sipped champagne on his deathbed]


Nostalgia is living life in the past lane.


When you are working hard, get up and retch every so often.


The only promotion rules I can think of are that a sense of shame is to
be avoided at all costs and there is never any reason for a hustler to
be less cunning than more virtuous men.  Oh yes ... whenever you think
you've got something really great, add ten per cent more.
		-- Bill Veeck


Don't worry over what other people are thinking about you.
They're too busy worrying over what you are thinking about them.


Newsflash:
	Apparently the rapture did occur last Tuesday as was originally
predicted.  All true believers were transported to heaven while the rest
of us were left behind to await the Anti-Christ and the end of the world.
	Widespread reports that the rapture had not occurred stemmed from
expectations that the effect would be more widespread than it turned out
to be.  The definition of "true believer" was apparently more restrictive
than expected, however, and the only qualifiers were a family of five,
living in Stenton, North Dakota.


The advantage of being celibate is that when one sees a pretty girl one
does not need to grieve over having an ugly one back home.
		-- Paul Leautaud, "Propos dun jour"


Brain fried -- core dumped


It is so stupid of modern civilization to have given up believing in the
devil when he is the only explanation of it.
		-- Ronald Knox, "Let Dons Delight"


Slow day.
Practice crawling.


God wants us to know that if we see a bumper sticker saying "Honk if you love
Jesus" it is a bad idea to honk to express an opinion about Jesus because it
will annoy the turkey who put the bumper sticker on as well as everyone else
in the vicinity.  However, it is just fine to honk to annoy the turkey simply
for being a turkey, for God told Man to be fruitful and multiply, and to rule
over the beasts of the field and the birds of the air, and that includes the
turkeys who buy such bumper stickers.  Of course, God understands that innocent
bystanders will also be annoyed, but He has wisely created traffic cops to
impose some constraint on how much we may annoy the turkeys within city limits,
for God's wisdom comprehends full well that thou shalt not make an omelette
without breaking eggs.  God only wishes they were turkey eggs, so such moral
dilemmas shall be fewer in number in the future, when the generations a-coming
(hallelujah) won't have so many turkeys to deal with.  But God knows full well
that such things take time, and the turkeys are showing more resilience than
expected, and may be with us for a long time yet.


A conservative is a man
who believes that nothing should be done for the first time.
		-- Alfred E. Wiggam


Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity.


Fame lost its appeal for me when I went into a public restroom and an
autograph seeker handed me a pen and paper under the stall door.
		-- Marlo Thomas


I'm going to Vietnam at the request of the White House.  President Johnson
says a war isn't really a war without my jokes.
		-- Bob Hope


Nostalgia is living life in the past lane.


The problems of business administration in general, and database management in
particular are much too difficult for people that think in IBMese, compounded
with sloppy English.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


Even bytes get lonely for a little bit.


Do what comes naturally now.  Seethe and fume and throw a tantrum.


Integrity has no need for rules.


The Golden Rule is of no use to you whatever unless you realize it
is your move.
		-- Frank Crane


Have people realized that the purpose of the fortune cookie program is
to defuse project tensions?  When did you ever see a cheerful cookie, a
non-cynical, or even an informative cookie?

Perhaps inadvertently, we have a channel for our aggressions.  This
still begs the question of whether the cookie releases the pressure or
only serves to blunt the warning signs.

		Long live the revolution!
		Have a nice day.


Anyone can say "no." It is the first word a child learns and often the
first word he speaks. It is a cheap word because it requires no
explanation, and many men and women have acquired a reputation for
intelligence who know only this word and have used it in place of
thought on every occasion.
		-- Chuck Jones (Warner Bros. animation director.)


A woman forgives the audacity of which
her beauty has prompted us to be guilty.
		-- LeSage


		What I Did During My Fall Semester
On the first day of my fall semester, I got up.
Then I went to the library to find a thesis topic.
Then I hung out in front of the Dover.

On the second day of my fall semester, I got up.
Then I went to the library to find a thesis topic.
Then I hung out in front of the Dover.

On the third day of my fall semester, I got up.
Then I went to the library to find a thesis topic.
I found a thesis topic:
	How to keep people from hanging out in front of the Dover.
		-- Sister Mary Elephant,
		   "Student Statement for Black Friday"


	There was a college student trying to earn some pocket money by
going from house to house offering to do odd jobs.  He explained this to
a man who answered one door.
	"How much will you charge to paint my porch?" asked the man.
	"Forty dollars."
	"Fine" said the man, and gave the student the paint and brushes.
	Three hours later the paint-splattered lad knocked on the door again.
"All done!", he says, and collects his money.  "By the way," the student says,
"That's not a Porsche, it's a Ferrari."


You have the power to influence all with whom you come in contact.


Women complain about sex more than men.  Their gripes fall into two
categories: (1) Not enough and (2) Too much.
		-- Ann Landers


The price of success in philosophy is triviality.
		-- C. Glymour


Crito, I owe a cock to Asclepius; will you remember to pay the debt?
		-- Socrates' last words


It is a poor judge who cannot award a prize.


To any truly impartial person, it would
be obvious that I am always right.


Beam me up, Scotty!  It ate my phaser!


	Graduating seniors, parents and friends...
	Let me begin by reassuring you that my remarks today will stand up
to the most stringent requirements of the new appropriateness.
	The intra-college sensitivity advisory committee has vetted the
text of even trace amounts of subconscious racism, sexism and classism.
	Moreover, a faculty panel of deconstructionists have reconfigured
the rhetorical components within a post-structuralist framework, so as to
expunge any offensive elements of western rationalism and linear logic.
	Finally, all references flowing from a white, male, eurocentric
perspective have been eliminated, as have any other ruminations deemed
denigrating to the political consensus of the moment.

	Thank you and good luck.
		-- Doonesbury, the University Chancellor's graduation speech.


A prisoner of war is a man who tries to kill you and fails, and then
asks you not to kill him.
		-- Sir Winston Churchill, 1952


Disclaimer: Any resemblance between the above views and those of my
employer, my terminal, or the view out my window are purely
coincidental.  Any resemblance between the above and my own views is
non-deterministic.  The question of the existence of views in the
absence of anyone to hold them is left as an exercise for the reader.
The question of the existence of the reader is left as an exercise for
the second god coefficient.  (A discussion of non-orthogonal,
non-integral polytheism is beyond the scope of this article.)


Because woman's work is never done and is underpaid or unpaid or boring or
repetitious and we're the first to get the sack and what we look like is
more important than what we do and if we get raped it's our fault and if we
get bashed we must have provoked it and if we raise our voices we're nagging
bitches and if we enjoy sex nymphos and if we don't we're frigid and if we
love women it's because we can't get a "real" man and if we ask our doctor
too many questions we're neurotic and/or pushy and if we expect community
care for children we're selfish and if we stand up for our rights we're
aggressive and "unfeminine" and if we don't we're typical weak females and
if we want to get married we're out to trap a man and if we don't we're
unnatural and because we still can't get an adequate safe contraceptive but
men can walk on the moon and if we can't cope or don't want a pregnancy we're
made to feel guilty about abortion and... for lots and lots of other reasons
we are part of the women's liberation movement.


Sanity and insanity overlap a fine grey line.


Each person has the right to take part in the management of public affairs
in his country, provided he has prior experience, a will to succeed, a
university degree, influential parents, good looks, a curriculum vitae, two
3 X 4 snapshots, and a good tax record.


Parsley is gharsley.
		-- Ogden Nash


Romeo wasn't bilked in a day.
		-- Walt Kelly, "Ten Ever-Lovin' Blue-Eyed Years With
		   Pogo"


HOW YOU CAN TELL THAT IT'S GOING TO BE A ROTTEN DAY:
	#15 Your pet rock snaps at you.


If you sit down at a poker game and don't see a sucker, get up.  You're
the sucker.


The best way to avoid responsibility is to say, "I've got responsibilities."


After all, what is your hosts' purpose in having a party?  Surely not for
you to enjoy yourself; if that were their sole purpose, they'd have simply
sent champagne and women over to your place by taxi.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


The astronomer Francesco Sizi, a contemporary of Galileo, argues that
Jupiter can have no satellites:

	There are seven windows in the head, two nostrils, two ears, two
eyes, and a mouth; so in the heavens there are two favorable stars, two
unpropitious, two luminaries, and Mercury alone undecided and indifferent.
From which and many other similar phenomena of nature such as the seven
metals, etc., which it were tedious to enumerate, we gather that the number
of planets is necessarily seven. [...]
	Moreover, the satellites are invisible to the naked eye and
therefore can have no influence on the earth and therefore would be useless
and therefore do not exist.


On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only
nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter
what it does.
		-- Will Rogers


Many years ago in a period commonly known as Next Friday Afternoon,
there lived a King who was very Gloomy on Tuesday mornings because he
was so Sad thinking about how Unhappy he had been on Monday and how
completely Mournful he would be on Wednesday ...
		-- Walt Kelly


What they said:
	What they meant:

"You will be fortunate if you can get him to work for you."
	(We certainly never succeeded.)
There is no other employee with whom I can adequately compare him.
	(Well, our rats aren't really employees...)
"Success will never spoil him."
	(Well, at least not MUCH more.)
"One usually comes away from him with a good feeling."
	(And such a sigh of relief.)
"His dissertation is the sort of work you don't expect to see these days;
in it he has definitely demonstrated his complete capabilities."
	(And his IQ, as well.)
"He should go far."
	(The farther the better.)
"He will take full advantage of his staff."
	(He even has one of them mowing his lawn after work.)


What does not destroy me, makes me stronger.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


BS:	You remind me of a man.
B:	What man?
BS:	The man with the power.
B:	What power?
BS:	The power of voodoo.
B:	Voodoo?
BS:	You do.
B:	Do what?
BS:	Remind me of a man.
B:	What man?
BS:	The man with the power...
		-- Cary Grant, "The Bachelor and the Bobby-Soxer"


If any demonstrator ever lays down in front of my car, it'll be the last
car he ever lays down in front of.
		-- George Wallace


I didn't know he was dead; I thought he was British.


It's a recession when your neighbor loses his job; it's a depression
when you lose yours.
		-- Harry S. Truman


Having a wonderful wine, wish you were beer.


Today when a man gets married he gets a home, a housekeeper, a cook, a
cheering squad and another paycheck.  When a woman marries, she gets a
boarder.


Show respect for age.  Drink good Scotch for a change.


Psychiatry enables us to correct our faults by confessing our parents'
shortcomings.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter, "Peter's Principles"


You can bring men from other parts of the world who are sane.  And you
know what happens?  At the very moment they cross those mountains...
they go mad.  Instantaneously and automatically, at the very moment
they cross the mountains into California, they go insane.
		-- Quentin Genter


Life would be much simpler and things would get done much faster if it
weren't for other people.
		-- Blore


This life is a test.  It is only a test.  Had this been an
actual life, you would have received further instructions as
to what to do and where to go.


What the large print giveth, the small print taketh away.


A game can by God repent or we'll punish it.
That's how they did it in Salem in the seventeenth century,
and that's how we'll do it now.
		-- Dick Hamlet


Understand, v.:
	To reach a point, in your investigation of some subject, at which
	you cease to examine what is really present, and operate on the
	basis of your own internal model instead.


With a gentleman I try to be a gentleman and a half, and with a fraud I
try to be a fraud and a half.
		-- Otto von Bismarck


Christmas time is here, by Golly;	Kill the turkeys, ducks and chickens;
Disapproval would be folly;		Mix the punch, drag out the Dickens;
Deck the halls with hunks of holly;	Even though the prospect sickens,
Fill the cup and don't say when...	Brother, here we go again.

On Christmas day, you can't get sore;	Relations sparing no expense'll,
Your fellow man you must adore;		Send some useless old utensil,
There's time to rob him all the more,	Or a matching pen and pencil,
The other three hundred and sixty-four!	Just the thing I need... how nice.

It doesn't matter how sincere		Hark The Herald-Tribune sings,
It is, nor how heartfelt the spirit;	Advertising wondrous things.
Sentiment will not endear it;		God Rest Ye Merry Merchants,
What's important is... the price.	May you make the Yuletide pay.
					Angels We Have Heard On High,
Let the raucous sleighbells jingle;	Tell us to go out and buy.
Hail our dear old friend, Kris Kringle,	Sooooo...
Driving his reindeer across the sky,
Don't stand underneath when they fly by!
		-- Tom Lehrer


Death to all fanatics!


Every one says that politicians lie all the time, and that just isn't so!
But you do have to understand body language to know when they're lying and
when they aren't.

	When a politician rubs his nose, he isn't lying.
	When a politician tugs on his ear, he isn't lying.
	When a politician scratches his collar bone, he isn't lying.
	When his mouth starts moving, that's when he's lying!


No violence, gentlemen -- no violence, I beg of you!  Consider the furniture!
		-- Sherlock Holmes


INTEREST:
	What borrowers pay, lenders receive, stockholders own, and
	burned out employees must feign.


Sometimes love ain't nothing but a misunderstanding between two fools.


SEX-CHANGE NUN BECOMES TV WRESTLER!!!
	details at 11!


When the shit hits the fan, keep your mouth shut!


HONOR:
	Almost as good as in 'er.


Wasn't there something about a PASCAL programmer
knowing the value of everything and the Wirth of nothing?


Take what you can use and let the rest go by.
		-- Ken Kesey


Repel them.  Repel them.  Induce them to relinquish the spheroid.
		-- Indiana University football cheer


Everything you've learned in school as "obvious" becomes less and less
obvious as you begin to study the universe.  For example, there are no
solids in the universe.  There's not even a suggestion of a solid.
There are no absolute continuums.  There are no surfaces.  There are no
straight lines.
		-- R. Buckminster Fuller


To be or not to be.
		-- Shakespeare
To do is to be.
		-- Nietzsche
To be is to do.
		-- Sartre
Do be do be do.
		-- Sinatra


This is a test of the Emergency Broadcast System.  If this had been an
actual emergency, do you really think we'd stick around to tell you?


