If one tells the truth, one is sure, sooner or later, to be found out.
		-- Oscar Wilde,
		   "Phrases and Philosophies for the Use of the Young"


Be careful!  UGLY strikes 9 out of 10!


Nothing makes a person more productive than the last minute.


Everyone wants results, but no one is willing to do what it takes
to get them.
		-- Dirty Harry


Washington, D.C: Wasting your money since 1810.


Incest, n.:
	Sibling revelry; a sport the whole family can enjoy.


It is better to travel hopefully than to fly Continental.


Gil-galad was an Elven-King
of him the harpers sadly sing;
the last whose realm was fair and free
between the Mountains and the Sea.

His sword was long, his lance was keen,
his shining helm afar was seen;
the countless stars of heaven's field
were mirrored in his silver shield.

But long ago he rode away,
and where he dwelleth none can say;
for into darkness fell his star
in Mordor where the shadows are.


The War on Drugs is just a small part of the War on the United States
Constitution.


I just ate a whole package of Sweet Tarts and a can of Coke.
I think I saw God.
		-- B. Hathrume Duk


As near as I can tell, you're not any crazier
than the average asshole on the street.
		-- R.P. McMurphy, "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest"


Support Bingo, keep Grandma off the streets.


Chism's Law of Completion:
	The amount of time required to complete a government project is
	precisely equal to the length of time already spent on it.


It's easy to make a friend.  What's hard is to make a stranger.


Since we're all here, we must not be all there.
		-- Bob "Mountain" Beck


What this department needs is a really good inflatable doll.


A Mexican newspaper reports that bored Royal Air Force pilots stationed
on the Falkland Islands have devised what they consider a marvelous new
game.  Noting that the local penguins are fascinated by airplanes, the
pilots search out a beach where the birds are gathered and fly slowly
along it at the water's edge.  Perhaps ten thousand penguins turn their
heads in unison watching the planes go by, and when the pilots turn
around and fly back, the birds turn their heads in the opposite
direction, like spectators at a slow-motion tennis match.  Then, the
paper reports, "The pilots fly out to sea and directly to the penguin
colony and overfly it.  Heads go up, up, up, and ten thousand penguins
fall over gently onto their backs.
		-- Audubon Society Magazine

[From the BBC, 2001-02-02:
	For five weeks, a team from the British Antarctic Survey (BAS)
monitored 1,000 king penguins on the island of South Georgia as Lynx
helicopters passed overhead.
	"Not one king penguin fell over when the helicopters came over,"
said team leader Dr. Richard Stone.
	"As the aircraft approached, the birds went quiet and stopped
calling to each other, and adolescent birds that were not associated
with nests began walking away from the noise. Pure animal instinct,
really."
	The conclusion, said Dr. Stone, is that flights over 305 metres
(1,000 feet) caused "only minor and transitory ecological effects" on
king penguins.]


Puritanism -- the haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "A Book of Burlesques"


QOTD:
	"I'm not a nerd -- I'm 'socially challenged.'"


The young lady had an unusual list,
Linked in part to a structural weakness.
She set no preconditions.


A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


Democracy can only be measured on the existence of an opposition.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


The hungover couple dawdled over a midafternoon breakfast, after a
particularly wild all-night party held in their fashionable apartment.
	"Dearest, this is rather embarrassing," said the husband, "but
was it you I made love to in the library last night?"
	His wife looked at him reflectively and then asked, "About what
time?"


A box without hinges, key, or lid,
Yet golden treasure inside is hid.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


There are times when truth is stranger than fiction and lunch time is
one of them.


The computing field is always in need of new cliches.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


	"I cannot read the fiery letters," said Frito Bugger in a
quavering voice.
	"No," said GoodGulf, "but I can.  The letters are Elvish, of
course, of an ancient mode, but the language is that of Mordor, which
I will not utter here.  They are lines of a verse long known in
Elven-lore:

	"This Ring, no other, is made by the elves,
	Who'd pawn their own mother to grab it themselves.
	Ruler of creeper, mortal, and scallop,
	This is a sleeper that packs quite a wallop.
	The Power almighty rests in this Lone Ring.
	The Power, alrighty, for doing your Own Thing.
	If broken or busted, it cannot be remade.
	If found, send to Sorhed (with postage prepaid)."
		-- Harvard Lampoon, "Bored of the Rings"


Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.


Life is like a sewer.
What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
		-- Tom Lehrer


Give me libertines or give me meth.


It's not a sin not to be Irish, but it is a great shame.
		-- Sean O'Huiginn


Alcohol, hashish, prussic acid, strychnine are weak dilutions.
The surest poison is time.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Society and Solitude"


Our informal mission is to improve the love life of operators worldwide.
		-- Peter Behrendt, president of Exabyte


Sniff sniff...  Hey!  Who farted?


If you're carrying a torch, put it down.
The Olympics are over.


Any program which runs right is obsolete.


There are two ways of disliking poetry;
one way is to dislike it, the other is to read Pope.
		-- Oscar Wilde


The lawgiver, of all beings, most owes the law allegiance.  He of all men
should behave as though the law compelled him.  But it is the universal
weakness of mankind that what we are given to administer we presently imagine
we own.
		-- H. G. Wells


The idea is to die young as late as possible.
		-- Ashley Montague


It is very difficult to look at the possibility of lesbian sheep because
if you are a female sheep, what you do to solicit sex is to stand still.
Maybe there is a female sheep out there really wanting another female,
but there's just no way for us to know it.
		-- Anne Perkins, in her study of sexuality in sheep.


	THE WOMBAT

The wombat lives across the seas,
Among the far Antipodes.
He may exist on nuts and berries,
Or then again, on missionaries;
His distant habitat precludes
Conclusive knowledge of his moods.
But I would not engage the wombat
In any form of mortal combat.


My mother didn't breast-feed me.  She said she liked me as a friend.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


To err is human,
To purr feline.
		-- Robert Byrne


It's never too late to have a happy childhood.


You are wise, witty, and wonderful,
but you spend too much time reading this sort of trash.


Fortune suggests uses for YOUR favorite UNIX commands!

Try:
	ar t "God"
	drink < bottle; opener			(Bourne Shell)
	cat "food in tin cans"			(all but 4.[23]BSD)
	Hey UNIX!  Got a match?			(V6 or C shell)
	mkdir matter; cat > matter		(Bourne Shell)
	rm God
	man: Why did you get a divorce?		(C shell)
	date me					(anything up to 4.3BSD)
	make "heads or tails of all this"
	who is smart
						(C shell)
	If I had a ) for every dollar of the national debt, what would I have?
	sleep with me				(anything up to 4.3BSD)


Debugging is anticipated with distaste, performed with reluctance,
and bragged about forever. -- Button at the Boston Computer Museum


Imbalance of power corrupts and monopoly of power corrupts absolutely.
		-- Genji


A vasectomy means never having to say you're sorry.


If your mother knew what you're doing,
she'd probably hang her head and cry.


The problem with this country is that there is no death penalty
for incompetence.


Stealing a rhinoceros should not be attempted lightly.


Other people don't give you orgasms; you have them, and they help you
cash them in.


Last week's pet, this week's special.


Toni's Solution to a Guilt-Free Life:
	If you have to lie to someone, it's their fault.


If it were not for the presents, an elopement would be preferable.
		-- George Ade, "Forty Modern Fables"


Let me take you a button-hole lower.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"


Your fault - core dumped


Any sufficiently simple directive can be obfuscated beyond reason
given proper legal counsel.
		-- Alfred Perlstein


	"Heard you were moving your piano, so I came over to help."
	"Thanks.  Got it upstairs already."
	"Do it alone?"
	"Nope.  Hitched the cat to it."
	"How would that help?"
	"Used a whip."


On a cannibal isle near Malaysia
Lives a lady they call Anastasia.
	Not Russian elite-
	She's eager to eat
Whatever or whoever lays her.


UNIX was half a billion (500000000) seconds old on
Tue Nov  5 00:53:20 1985 GMT (measuring since the time(2) epoch).
		-- Andrew S. Tanenbaum


Statistics are no substitute for judgment.
		-- Henry Clay


The chief enemy of creativity is "good" sense.
		-- Picasso


VOLCANO:
	A mountain with hiccups.


Be careful when you bite into your hamburger.
		-- Derek Bok


To be considered successful, a woman must be much better at her job
than a man would have to be.  Fortunately, this isn't difficult.


I read Playboy for the same reason I read National Geographic.
To see the sights I'm never going to visit.


What awful irony is this?
We are as gods, but know it not.


Between infinite and short there is a big difference.
		-- G. H. Gonnet


The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost.


Why do seagulls live near the sea?
'Cause if they lived near the bay, they'd be called baygulls.


You must include all income you receive in the form of money, property
and services if it is not specifically exempt.  Report property (goods)
and services at their fair market values.  Examples include income from
bartering or swapping transactions, side commissions, kickbacks, rent
paid in services, illegal activities (such as stealing, drugs, etc.),
cash skimming by proprietors and tradesmen, "moonlighting" services,
gambling, prizes and awards.  Not reporting such income can lead to
prosecution for perjury and fraud.
		-- Excerpt from Taxachussettes income tax forms


Yeah, I used to be into necrophilia, bestiality and sadism, but then I
realized I was just flogging a dead horse.


A woman is like your shadow; follow her,
she flies; fly from her, she follows.
		-- Chamfort


	Friends were surprised, indeed, when Frank and Jennifer broke their
engagement, but Frank had a ready explanation: "Would you marry someone who
was habitually unfaithful, who lied at every turn, who was selfish and lazy
and sarcastic?"
	"Of course not," said a sympathetic friend.
	"Well," retorted Frank, "neither would Jennifer."


I married an Italian girl; the way you marry an Italian girl in my family
is to bring a New Yorker home first.


Politicians are the same everywhere.  They promise
to build a bridge even where there is no river.
		-- Nikita Khrushchev


Going the speed of light is bad for your age.


Beware of Bigfoot!


The most important thing in a relationship between a man and a woman
is that one of them be good at taking orders.
		-- Linda Festa


Excess on occasion is exhilarating.  It prevents moderation from
acquiring the deadening effect of a habit.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham


Dear Lord:
	I just want *_o_n_e* one-armed manager so I never have to hear "On
the other hand", again.


If it wasn't for Newton, we wouldn't have to eat bruised apples.


A man never minds being in the doghouse
as long as he can get his tail outside.


Minnie Mouse is a slow maze learner.


It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees.


What did Snow white say when told she was pregnant?
	"I'd like to thank all the little people who made this possible..."

Presumably this all started that evening when she was feeling Happy...


If you do not think about the future, you cannot have one.
		-- John Galsworthy


IDLENESS:
	Leisure gone to seed.


Worth seeing?
Yes, but not worth going to see.


The Right Honorable Gentleman is indebted to his memory for his jests
and to his imagination for his facts.
		-- Sheridan


My reaction to porno films is as follows: After the first ten minutes, I
want to go home and screw. After the first twenty minutes, I never want
to screw again as long as I live.
		-- Erica Jong


Q:	How do you keep an Aggie busy at a terminal?
A:	While he's not looking, switch it to "local".


F. Scott Fitzgerald to Hemingway:
	"Ernest, the rich are different from us."
Hemingway:
	"Yes.  They have more money."


	"Found it," the Mouse replied rather crossly:
"of course you know what `it' means."

	"I know what `it' means well enough, when I find a thing,"
said the Duck: "it's generally a frog or a worm.

The question is, what did the archbishop find?"


Too much of everything is just enough.
		-- Bob Wier


This isn't true in practice -- what we've missed out is Stradivarius's
constant.  And then the aside: "For those of you who don't know, that's
been called by others the fiddle factor..."
		-- From a 1B Electrical Engineering lecture


I do not know myself and God forbid that I should.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Within a computer, natural language is unnatural.


Drink Canada Dry!  You might not succeed, but it *_i_s* fun trying.


Envy, n.:
	Wishing you'd been born with an unfair advantage,
	instead of having to try and acquire one.


	I for one cannot protest the recent M.T.A. fare hike and the
accompanying promises that this would in no way improve service.  For
the transit system, as it now operates, has hidden advantages that
can't be measured in monetary terms.
	Personally, I feel that it is well worth 75 cents or even $1 to
have that unimpeachable excuse whenever I am late to anything:  "I came
by subway."  Those four words have such magic in them that if Godot
should someday show up and mumble them, any audience would instantly
understand his long delay.


Cat, n.:
	Lapwarmer with built-in buzzer.


An eye in a blue face
Saw an eye in a green face.
"That eye is like this eye"
Said the first eye,
"But in low place,
Not in high place."


It's better to be wanted for murder than not to be wanted at all.
		-- Marty Winch


For children with short attention spans: boomerangs that don't come back.


	A horrible little boy came up to me and said, "You know in your
book The Martian Chronicles?"
	I said, "Yes?"
	He said, "You know where you talk about Deimos rising in the
East?"
	I said, "Yes?"
	He said "No." -- So I hit him.
		-- attributed to Ray Bradbury


To defend the Saigon regime is not worth one more human life.
		-- Senator Edmund Muskie


Such evil deeds could religion prompt.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


Winning isn't everything, but losing really sucks.


All the world's a VAX,
And all the coders merely butchers;
They have their exits and their entrails;
And one int in his time plays many widths,
His sizeof being _N bytes.  At first the infant,
Mewling and puking in the Regent's arms.
And then the whining schoolboy, with his Sun,
And shining morning face, creeping like slug
Unwillingly to school.
		-- A Very Annoyed PDP-11


Q:	If Tarzan was Jewish, and Jane was a princess, what would
	Cheetah be?
A:	A fur coat.


Men of lofty genius when they are doing the least work are most active.
		-- Leonardo da Vinci


The Phone Booth Rule:
	A lone dime always gets the number nearly right.


I'm defending her honor, which is more than she ever did.


O'Toole's commentary on Murphy's Law:
	Murphy was an optimist.


Creativity in living is not without its attendant difficulties, for
peculiarity breeds contempt. And the unfortunate thing about being
ahead of your time when people finally realize you were right, they'll
say it was obvious all along.
		-- Alan Ashley-Pitt


In Marseilles they make half the toilet soap we consume in America, but
the Marseillaise only have a vague theoretical idea of its use, which they
have obtained from books of travel.
		-- Mark Twain


Time flies like an arrow, but fruit flies like a banana.


"You are old, Father William," the young man said,
	"All your papers these days look the same;
Those William's would be better unread --
	Do these facts never fill you with shame?"

"In my youth," Father William replied to his son,
	"I wrote wonderful papers galore;
But the great reputation I found that I'd won,
	Made it pointless to think any more."


Oh, ya doesn't have ta call me "Johnson"!  Well, you can call me "Ray", or
you can call me "Jay", or you can call me "R. J.", or you can call me "Ray
J.", or you can call me "R. J. J.", or you can call me "Ray J. Johnson", or
you can call me "R. J. Johnson", but ya DOESN'T have to call me "Johnson" ...


The story of the butterfly:
	"I was in Bogota and waiting for a lady friend.  I was in love,
a long time ago.  I waited three days.  I was hungry but could not go
out for food, lest she come and I not be there to greet her.  Then, on
the third day, I heard a knock."
	"I hurried along the old passage and there, in the sunlight,
there was nothing."
	"Just," Vance Joy said, "a butterfly, flying away."
		-- Peter Carey, BLISS


I'm glad we don't have to play in the shade.
		-- Golfer Bobby Jones on being told that it was 105 degrees
		   in the shade.

Very few blacks will take up golf until the requirement for plaid pants is
dropped.
		-- Franklyn Ajaye


Seeing a commotion in Harvard Square, a man strolled over and asked what
was going on.  One of the onlookers explained to him that there was a Mooney
who had immersed himself in gasoline and was threatening to set fire to
himself to demonstrate his commitment to the Rev. Moon.  The man gasped and
asked what was being done to defuse the obviously dangerous situation.
	"Well", replied the onlooker, "we're taking up a collection -- so
far I've got two Bics, four Zippos and eighteen books of matches."


HERE LIES LESTER MOORE
SHOT 4 TIMES WITH A .44
NO LES
NO MOORE
		-- tombstone, in Tombstone, AZ


A fox is wolf who sends flowers.
		-- Ruth Weston


Many a bachelor feels the need to insert his masculinity.


If for every rule there is an exception, then we have established that there
is an exception to every rule.  If we accept "For every rule there is an
exception" as a rule, then we must concede that there may not be an exception
after all, since the rule states that there is always the possibility of
exception, and if we follow it to its logical end we must agree that there
can be an exception to the rule that for every rule there is an exception.
		-- Bill Boquist


Parallel lines never meet, unless you bend one or both of them.


It has long been known that one horse can run faster
than another -- but which one?  Differences are crucial.
		-- Lazarus Long


If Love Were Oil, I'd Be About A Quart Low
		-- Book title by Lewis Grizzard


Carswell's Corollary:
	Whenever man comes up with a better mousetrap,
	nature invariably comes up with a better mouse.


Never call a man a fool.  Borrow from him.


Your program is sick!  Shoot it and put it out of its memory.


What did you do when the ship sank?
I grabbed a cake of soap and washed myself ashore.


Reality always seems harsher in the early morning.


A fitter fits;				Though sinners sin
A cutter cuts;				And thinners thin
And an aircraft spotter spots;		And paper-blotters blot
A baby-sitter				I've never yet
Baby-sits --				Had letters let
But an otter never ots.			Or seen an otter ot.

A batter bats
(Or scatters scats);
A potting shed's for potting;
But no one's found
A bounder bound
Or caught an otter otting.
		-- Ralph Lewin


I will not say that women have no character; rather, they have a new
one every day.
		-- Heine


Happy feast of the pig!


The sounds of the nouns are mostly unbound.
In town a noun might wear a gown,
or further down, might dress a clown.
A noun that's sound would never clown,
but unsound nouns jump up and down.
The sound of a noun could disturb the plowing,
and then, my dear, you'd be put in the pound.
But please don't let that get you down,
the renown of your gown is the talk of the town.
		-- A. Nonnie Mouse


Women are wiser than men because they know less and understand more.
		-- Stephens


Woman is generally so bad that the difference
between a good and a bad woman scarcely exists.
		-- Tolstoy


If Presidents don't do it to their wives, they do it to the country.
		-- Mel Brooks


	Never ask your lover if he'd dive in front of an oncoming train for
you.  He doesn't know.  Never ask your lover if she'd dive in front of an
oncoming band of Hell's Angels for you.  She doesn't know.  Never ask how many
cigarettes your lover has smoked today.  Cancer is a personal commitment.
	Never ask to see pictures of your lover's former lovers -- especially
the ones who dived in front of trains.  If you look like one of them, you are
repeating history's mistakes.  If you don't, you'll wonder what he or she saw
in the others.
	While we are on the subject of pictures: You may admire the picture
of your lover cavorting naked in a tidal pool on Maui.  Don't ask who took
it.  The answer is obvious.  A Japanese tourist took the picture.
	Never ask if your lover has had therapy.  Only people who have had
therapy ask if people have had therapy.
	Don't ask about plaster casts of male sex organs marked JIMI, JIM, etc.
Assume that she bought them at a flea  market.
		-- James Peterson and Kate Nolan


I once had the wife of a Dean
Seven times while the Dean was out skiin'.
	She remarked with some gaiety,
	"Not bad for the laiety,
Though the Bishop once managed thirteen."


When I think about myself,
I almost laugh myself to death,
My life has been one great big joke,	Sixty years in these folks' world
A dance that's walked			The child I works for calls me girl
A song that's spoke,			I say "Yes ma'am" for working's sake.
I laugh so hard I almost choke		Too proud to bend
When I think about myself.		Too poor to break,
					I laugh until my stomach ache,
					When I think about myself.
My folks can make me split my side,
I laughed so hard I nearly died,
The tales they tell, sound just like lying,
They grow the fruit,
But eat the rind,
I laugh until I start to crying,
When I think about my folks.
		-- Maya Angelou


You will be honored for contributing
your time and skill to a worthy cause.


What happens if a big asteroid hits Earth?  Judging from realistic simulations
involving a sledge hammer and a common laboratory frog, we can assume it will
be pretty bad.
		-- Dave Barry


I used to think I was a child; now I think I am an adult -- not because
I no longer do childish things, but because those I call adults are no
more mature than I am.


Let's love each other slowly,
reaching for a plane,
of exquisite pleasure,
and delicate pain.
		-- Adam Beslove


Fine day to throw a party.  Throw him as far as you can.


Sex is a biological function; kissing is a commitment.


Moody bitch in search of...
	kind, considerate, loving man.  Objective, love-hate relationship.


Children are like cats, they can tell when you don't like
them.  That's when they come over and violate your body space.


