I've never been drunk, but often I've been overserved.
		-- George Gobel


If you are not for yourself, who will be for you?
If you are for yourself, then what are you?
If not now, when?


If you were attacked by a homosexual, would you beat him off?


He that would govern others, first should be the master of himself.


Your friends will know you better in the first minute you
meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.
		-- Richard Bach, "Illusions"


Fremen add life to spice!


Magary's Principle:
	When there is a public outcry to cut deadwood and fat from any
	government bureaucracy, it is the deadwood and the fat that do
	the cutting, and the public's services are cut.


Truly simple systems... require infinite testing.
		-- Norman Augustine


If A fool persists in his folly he shall become wise.
		-- William Blake


Ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so.
		-- John Stuart Mill


	      1/3
	 /\(3)
	 |     2			  1/3
	 |    z dz cos(3 * PI / 9) = ln (e   )
	 |
	\/ 1

The integral of z squared, dz
From 1 to the cube root of 3
	Times the cosine
	Of 3 PI over nine
Is the log of the cube root of e


Piece of cake!
		-- G. S. Koblas


One can search the brain with a microscope and not find the
mind, and can search the stars with a telescope and not find God.
		-- J. Gustav White


Insanity is the final defense.  It's hard to get a refund when
the salesman is sniffing your crotch and baying at the moon.


"Well, well, well!  Well if it isn't fat stinking billy goat Billy Boy in
poison!  How art thou, thou globby bottle of cheap stinking chip oil?  Come
and get one in the yarbles, if ya have any yarble, ya eunuch jelly thou!"
		-- Alex in "Clockwork Orange"


A bachelor is an unaltared male.


If I had done everything I'm credited with, I'd be speaking to you from
a laboratory jar at Harvard.
		-- Frank Sinatra

AS USUAL, YOUR INFORMATION STINKS.
		-- Frank Sinatra, telegram to "Time" magazine


It may not be funny, but it's damned amusing!


I am convinced that the truest act of courage is to sacrifice ourselves
for others in a totally nonviolent struggle for justice.  To be a man
is to suffer for others.
		-- Cesar Chavez


There is no security on this earth.  There is only opportunity.
		-- General Douglas MacArthur


There are two theories to arguing with women. Neither one works.


What's so funny?


A bad marriage is like a horse with a broken leg, you can shoot
the horse, but it don't fix the leg.


You don't move to Edina, you achieve Edina.
		-- Guindon


Intolerance is the last defense of the insecure.


Among all savage beasts, none is found so harmful as woman.
		-- St. John Chrysostom (304-407)


Space is big.  You just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly
big it is.  I mean, you may think it's a long way down the road to the
drug store, but that's just peanuts to space.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Take Care of the Molehills, and the Mountains Will Take Care of Themselves.
		-- Motto of the Federal Civil Service


Never explain.  Your friends do not need it
and your enemies will never believe you anyway.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


You should not use your fireplace, because scientists now believe that,
contrary to popular opinion, fireplaces actually remove heat from
houses.  Really, that's what scientists believe.  In fact many
scientists actually use their fireplaces to cool their houses in the
summer.  If you visit a scientist's house on a sultry August day,
you'll find a cheerful fire roaring on the hearth and the scientist
sitting nearby, remarking on how cool he is and drinking heavily.
		-- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"


Documentation:
	Instructions translated from Swedish by Japanese for English
	speaking persons.


I'd love to go out with you, but the man on television told me to stay
tuned.


Q:	Why is Christmas just like a day at the office?
A:	You do all of the work and the fat guy in the suit
	gets all the credit.


Extraordinary claims demand extraordinary proof.  There are many examples
of outsiders who eventually overthrew entrenched scientific orthodoxies,
but they prevailed with irrefutable data.  More often, egregious findings
that contradict well-established research turn out to be artifacts.  I have
argued that accepting psychic powers, reincarnation, "cosmic consciousness,"
and the like, would entail fundamental revisions of the foundations of
neuroscience.  Before abandoning materialist theories of mind that have paid
handsome dividends, we should insist on better evidence for psi phenomena
than presently exists, especially when neurology and psychology themselves
offer more plausible alternatives.
		-- Barry L. Beyerstein, "The Brain and Consciousness:
		   Implications for Psi Phenomena".


The real purpose of books is to trap the mind into doing its own thinking.
		-- Christopher Morley


Custer committed Siouxicide.


I have not yet begun to byte!


Every successful person has had failures
but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success.


Academic politics is the most vicious and bitter form of politics,
because the stakes are so low.
		-- Wallace Sayre


This sad little lizard told me that he was a brontosaurus on his
mother's side.  I did not laugh; people who boast of ancestry
often have little else to sustain them.  Humoring them costs nothing and
adds happiness in a world in which happiness is always in short supply.
		-- Lazarus Long


Little Miss Muffet, sat on a tuffet,
Eating her curds and whey.
Along came a spider,
Who sat down beside her,
And said, "Hey, what's in the bowl, bitch?"
		-- Andrew "Dice" Clay


Mommy, what happens to your files when you die?


Her daughter, thought worried Ms. Coffin,
Had morals the city might soften.
	So she phoned and asked, "Lynn,
	Are you living in sin?"
Lynn said, "No -- but I visit there often."


There has been an alarming increase in the
number of things you know nothing about.


Sometimes the best medicine is to stop taking something.


No extensible language will be universal.
		-- T. Cheatham


A Polish worker walks into a bank to deposit his paycheck.  He has heard
about Poland's economic problems, and he asks what would happen to his
money if the bank collapsed.  "All of our deposits are guaranteed by the
finance ministry, sir," the teller replies.
	"But what if the finance ministry goes broke?" the worker asks.
	"Then the government will intercede to protect the working class,"
the teller says.
	"But what if the government goes broke?" the worker asks.
	"Our socialist comrades in the Soviet Union naturally will come
to our assistance," the teller responds with growing irritation.
	"And if the Soviet Union goes broke?" the worker asks.
	"Idiot!" the teller snorts. "Isn't that worth losing one lousy
paycheck?"
		-- Making the rounds in Warsaw, 1984


If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent him.
		-- Voltaire, "Epitres, XCVI"


Benny Hill:	Would you like a peanut?
Girl:		No, thank you, I don't want to be under obligation.
Benny Hill:	You won't be under obligation for a peanut.
		It's not as if it were a chocolate bar or something.


Do you have lysdexia?


You love your home and want it to be beautiful.


Ain't nothin' an old man can do for me but
bring me a message from a young man.
		-- Moms Mabley


REPORTER: Senator, are you for or against the MX missile system?

SENATOR: Bob, the MX missile system reminds me of an old saying that
the country folk in my state like to say.  It goes like this: "You can
carry a pig for six miles, but if you set it down it might run away."
I have no idea why the country folk say this.  Maybe there's some kind
of chemical pollutant in their drinking water.  That is why I pledge to
do all that I can to protect the environment of this great nation of
ours, and put prayer back in the schools, where it belongs.  What we
need is jobs, not empty promises.  I realize I'm risking my political
career by being so outspoken on a sensitive issue such as the MX, but
that's just the kind of straight-talking honest person I am, and I
can't help it.
		-- Dave Barry, "On Presidential Politics"


#define BITCOUNT(x)	(((BX_(x)+(BX_(x)>>4)) & 0x0F0F0F0F) % 255)
#define BX_(x)		((x) - (((x)>>1)&0x77777777)			\
			     - (((x)>>2)&0x33333333)			\
			     - (((x)>>3)&0x11111111))

		-- really weird C code to count the number of bits in a word


Just think -- blessed SCSI cables!  Do a big enough sacrifice and create
a +5 blessed SCSI cable of connectivity.
		-- Lionel Lauer


Hire the morally handicapped.


No hardware designer should be allowed to produce any piece of hardware
until three software guys have signed off for it.
		-- Andrew S. Tanenbaum


It's all so painfully empty and lonesome...  I don't think I can stand
any more of it... the whole dreadful way we are born, die, and are
never missed.  The fact there is *nobody*... nobody really...  We come
out of a yawning tomb of flesh and sink back finally into another tomb.
What is the point of it all?  Who thought up this sickening circle of
flesh and blood?  We come into the world bleeding and cut and our bones
half-crushed only to emerge and suffer more torment, mutilation, and
then at the last lie down in some hole in the ground forever.  Who could
have thought it up, I wonder?
		-- James Purdy


Dr. Jekyll had something to Hyde.


The rose of yore is but a name, mere names are left to us.


A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who has never
learned to walk.
		-- Franklin D. Roosevelt


It gets late early out there.
		-- Yogi Berra


What if there had been room at the inn?
		-- Linda Festa on the origins of Christianity


Teddy Kennedy:	A Blond in Every Pond!


Vitamin C deficiency is apauling.


Beat me, bite me, whip me, fuck me, make me write bad checks!


Washington, D.C: Wasting your money since 1810.


But, officer, he's not drunk, I just saw his fingers twitch!


Kids have *_n_e_v_e_r* taken guidance from their parents.  If you could
travel back in time and observe the original primate family in the
original tree, you would see the primate parents yelling at the primate
teenager for sitting around and sulking all day instead of hunting for
grubs and berries like dad primate.  Then you'd see the primate
teenager stomp up to his branch and slam the leaves.
		-- Dave Barry, "Kids Today: They Don't Know Dum Diddly Do"


Stockmayer's Theorem:
	If it looks easy, it's tough.
	If it looks tough, it's damn well impossible.


THE BEATLES:
	Paul McCartney's old back-up band.


Real programmers don't draw flowcharts.  Flowcharts are, after all, the
illiterate's form of documentation.  Cavemen drew flowcharts; look how much
good it did them.


Engram, n.:
	1. The physical manifestation of human memory -- "the engram."
2. A particular memory in physical form.  [Usage note:  this term is no longer
in common use.  Prior to Wilson and Magruder's historic discovery, the nature
of the engram was a topic of intense speculation among neuroscientists,
psychologists, and even computer scientists.  In 1994 Professors M. R. Wilson
and W. V. Magruder, both of Mount St. Coax University in Palo Alto, proved
conclusively that the mammalian brain is hardwired to interpret a set of
thirty seven genetically transmitted cooperating TECO macros.  Human memory
was shown to reside in 1 million Q-registers as Huffman coded uppercase-only
ASCII strings.  Interest in the engram has declined substantially since that
time.]
		-- New Century Unabridged English Dictionary,
		   3rd edition, 2007 A.D.


Government lies, and newspapers lie, but in a democracy they are
different lies.


Those who can, do; those who can't, write.
Those who can't write work for the Bell Labs Record.


Test makers do it:
	A: sometimes
	B: always
	C: never
	D: none of the above.


A man who likes to lie in bed can usually
find a girl willing to listen to him.


Beware of the Turing Tar-pit in which everything
is possible but nothing of interest is easy.


METEOROLOGIST:
	One who doubts the established fact that it is
	bound to rain if you forget your umbrella.


Harry's bar has a new cocktail.  It's called MRS punch.  They make it with
milk, rum and sugar and it's wonderful.  The milk is for vitality and the
sugar is for pep.  They put in the rum so that people will know what to do
with all that pep and vitality.


Flugg's Law:
	When you need to knock on wood is when you realize
	that the world is composed of vinyl, naugahyde and aluminum.


Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company.
		-- Mark Twain


When nothing can possibly go wrong, it will.


I'm defending her honor, which is more than she ever did.


Any clod can have the facts, but having opinions is an art.
		-- Charles McCabe


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #12

O.E.D.:				David Lean, 1969, 3 hours 30 min.

	Lean's version of the Oxford Dictionary has been accused of
	shallowness in its treatment of a complete work.  Omar Sharif
	tends to overact as aardvark, but Alec Guinness is solid in
	the role of abbacy.  As usual, the photography is stunning.
	With Julie Christie.


Destiny is a good thing to accept when it's going your way. When it isn't,
don't call it destiny; call it injustice, treachery, or simple bad luck.
		-- Joseph Heller, "God Knows"


Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side?  And hain't that
a big enough majority in any town?
		-- Mark Twain, "Huckleberry Finn"


Any stone in your boot always migrates against the pressure gradient to
exactly the point of most pressure.
		-- Milt Barber


This land is full of trousers!
this land is full of mausers!
	And pussycats to eat them when the sun goes down!
		-- The Firesign Theatre


Once the realization is accepted that even between the closest human beings
infinite distances continue to exist, a wonderful living side by side can
grow up, if they succeed in loving the distance between them which makes it
possible for each to see each other whole against the sky.
		-- Rainer Rilke


And yet, seasons must be taken with a grain of salt, for they too have a
sense of humor, as does history.  Corn stalks comedy, comedy stalks tragedy,
and this too is historic.  And yet, still, when corn meets tragedy face to
face, we have politics.
		-- Dalglish, Larsen and Sutherland,
		   "Root Crops and Ground Cover"


Demand the establishment of the government
in its rightful home at Disneyland.


Q:	What do you call a blind, deaf-mute, quadriplegic Virginian?
A:	Trustworthy.


Mix a little foolishness with your serious plans;
it's lovely to be silly at the right moment.
		-- Horace


Boy!  Eucalyptus!


Ambition, n.:
	An ant crawling up an elephant's leg with rape on his mind.


I'll turn over a new leaf.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


Poverty begins at home.


HOW YOU CAN TELL THAT IT'S GOING TO BE A ROTTEN DAY:
	#15 Your pet rock snaps at you.


The Killer Ducks are coming!!!


So here was this fellow of Strensall
Whose pecker was shaped like a pencil,
	Anemic, 'tis true,
	But an interesting screw,
Inasmuch as the tip was prehensile.


			Pittsburgh driver's test
9: Roads are salted in order to
	a) kill grass.
	b) melt snow.
	c) help the economy.
	d) prevent potholes.
The correct answer is c.
Road salting employs thousands of persons directly, and millions more
indirectly, for example, salt miners and rustproofers.  Most important,
salting reduces the life spans of cars, thus stimulating the car and
steel industries.


The difference between us is not very far,
cruising for burgers in daddy's new car.


In the next world, you're on your own.


Hear about...
	the young thing who is fondly known to the men in the office as
	Secretariat -- not just because she's a good secretary but because
	she's a wonderful mount?


Silence is the element in which great things fashion themselves.
		-- Thomas Carlyle


The perfect friend sees the best in you -- sees it constantly --
not just when you occasionally are that way, but also when you
waver, when you forget yourself, act like less than you are.
In time, you become more like his vision of you -- which is the
person you have always wanted to be.
		-- Nancy Friday


Whatever occurs from love is always beyond good and evil.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Insanity is hereditary.  You get it from your kids.


Diplomacy is the art of letting the other party have things your way.
		-- Daniele Vare


Military justice is to justice what military music is to music.
		-- Groucho Marx


Passwords are implemented as a result of insecurity.


THE WORST HOMING PIGEON

This historic bird was released in Pembrokeshire in June 1953 and was
expected to reach its base that evening.  It was returned by post, dead,
in a cardboard box eleven years later from Brazil.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


If everybody minded their own business, the world would go
around a deal faster.
		-- The Duchess; Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


If you wish to succeed, consult three old people.


The net of law is spread so wide,
No sinner from its sweep may hide.
Its meshes are so fine and strong,
They take in every child of wrong.
O wondrous web of mystery!
Big fish alone escape from thee!
		-- James Jeffrey Roche


The Computer made me do it.


A public debt is a kind of anchor in the storm; but if the anchor be
too heavy for the vessel, she will be sunk by that very weight which
was intended for her preservation.
		-- Colton


Then there was the girl who was engaged
to a gymnast -- 'til he broke it off.


I never did give anybody hell.  I just told the truth and they thought
it was hell.
		-- Harry S. Truman


ACCEPTANCE TESTING:
	An unsuccessful attempt to find bugs.


Worthless.
		-- Sir George Bidell Airy, KCB, MA, LLD, DCL, FRS, FRAS
		   (Astronomer Royal of Great Britain), estimating for the
		   Chancellor of the Exchequer the potential value of the
		   "analytical engine" invented by Charles Babbage, September
		   15, 1842.


An adequate bootstrap is a contradiction in terms.


If you wants to get elected president, you'se got to think up some
memoraboble homily so's school kids can be pestered into memorizin' it,
even if they don't know what it means.
		-- Walt Kelly, "The Pogo Party"


When a man is tired of London, he is tired of life.
		-- Samuel Johnson


... indifference is a militant thing ... when it goes away it leaves
smoking ruins, where lie citizens bayonetted through the throat.  It is
not a children's pastime like mere highway robbery.
		-- Stephen Crane


Money will say more in one moment than
the most eloquent lover can in years.


There are times when truth is stranger than fiction and lunch time is
one of them.


Birth, copulation and death.
That's all the facts when you come to brass tacks;
Birth, copulation and death.
		-- T.S. Elliot, "Sweeney Agonistes"


Anxiety, n.:
	The first time you can't do it a second time.

Panic, n.:
	The second time you can't do it the first time.


The trouble with a kitten is that
When it grows up, it's always a cat
		-- Ogden Nash


My love runs by like a day in June,
	And he makes no friends of sorrows.
He'll tread his galloping rigadoon
	In the pathway or the morrows.
He'll live his days where the sunbeams start
	Nor could storm or wind uproot him.
My own dear love, he is all my heart --
	And I wish somebody'd shoot him.
		-- Dorothy Parker, part 3


Keep women you cannot.  Marry them and they come to hate the way
you walk across the room; remain their lover, and they jilt you
at the end of six months.
		-- Moore


Make it right before you make it faster.


Democracy means simply the bludgeoning of the people by the people for
the people.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Confucius say:
	man who screws near graveyard is fucking near dead.
	man who fishes in other man's well often catch crabs.
	man and mouse the same, both end up in pussy.
	boy who play with himself pulls boner.
	woman who cooks carrots and pees in same pot very unsanitary.
	man who marry girl with no bust has right to feel low down.
	man who sleeps with old hen finds it's better than pullet.
	man with hole in pocket feel cocky all day.
	man who lie under car, get tired
	man who stand behind car, get exhausted.


When it comes to helping you, some people stop at nothing.


He'd kiss and the girls called him Georgie
They'd cry and the girls called him Porgie.
	So he put Spanish fly
	In their pudding and pie
And had the first tiny-tot orgy.


Boston, n.:
	Ludwig van Beethoven being jeered by 50,000 sports fans for
finishing second in the Irish jig competition.


Ladybug, ladybug,
Look to your stern!
Your house is on fire,
Your children will burn!
So jump ye and sing, for
The very first time
The four lines above
Have been put into rhyme.
		-- Walt Kelly


The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice
and tragedy.  What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the
master calls a butterfly.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


ARIES (Mar. 21 to Apr. 19)
	Be cheerful today. People who don't like you will outnumber those
	who do.  You have warts.  Focus on domestic status, financial matters,
	and venereal disease.  Look for involvement with Libra or Aquarius
	natives; probably a fistfight with one of each.


The misnaming of fields of study is so common as to lead to what might be
general systems laws.  For example, Frank Harary once suggested the law that
any field that had the word "science" in its name was guaranteed thereby
not to be a science.  He would cite as examples Military Science, Library
Science, Political Science, Homemaking Science, Social Science, and Computer
Science.  Discuss the generality of this law, and possible reasons for its
predictive power.
		-- Gerald Weinberg, "An Introduction to General Systems
		   Thinking"


He who is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.


STANDARDS:
	The principles we use to reject other people's code.


My father taught me three things:
	1: Never mix whiskey with anything but water.
	2: Never try to draw to an inside straight.
	3: Never discuss business with anyone who refuses to give his name.


I lay my head on the railroad tracks,
Waitin' for the double E.
The railroad don't run no more.
Poor poor pitiful me.			[chorus]
	Poor poor pitiful me, poor poor pitiful me.
	These young girls won't let me be,
	Lord have mercy on me!
	Woe is me!

Well, I met a girl, West Hollywood,
Well, I ain't naming names.
But she really worked me over good,
She was just like Jesse James.
She really worked me over good,
She was a credit to her gender.
She put me through some changes, boy,
Sort of like a Waring blender.		[chorus]

I met a girl at the Rainbow Bar,
She asked me if I'd beat her.
She took me back to the Hyatt House,
I don't want to talk about it.		[chorus]
		-- Warren Zevon, "Poor Poor Pitiful Me"


While anyone can admit to themselves they were
wrong, the true test is admission to someone else.


And if sometime, somewhere, someone asketh thee,
"Who kilt thee?", tell them it 'twas the Doones of Bagworthy!


QOTD:
	"I met her [his fiance] over lunch on Thursday.  She had a firm
	grip.  He's a lucky man."


The big question is why in the course of evolution the males permitted
themselves to be so totally eclipsed by the females.  Why do they tolerate
this total subservience, this wretched existence as outcasts who are
hungry all the time?


Legislation proposed in the Illinois State Legislature, May, 1907:
	"Speed upon county roads will be limited to ten miles an hour
unless the motorist sees a bailiff who does not appear to have had a
drink in 30 days, when the driver will be permitted to make what he
can."


Democracy means simply the bludgeoning of the people by the people for
the people.
		-- Oscar Wilde


