Give me a Plumber's friend the size of the Pittsburgh
dome, and a place to stand, and I will drain the world.


What is food to one, is to others bitter poison.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


A genius is a queer who can whistle while he works.
		-- Bobby Knight


... a thing called Ethics, whose nature was confusing but if you had it you
were a High-Class Realtor and if you hadn't you were a shyster, a piker and
a fly-by-night.  These virtues awakened Confidence and enabled you to handle
Bigger Propositions.  But they didn't imply that you were to be impractical
and refuse to take twice the value for a house if a buyer was such an idiot
that he didn't force you down on the asking price.
		-- Sinclair Lewis, "Babbitt"


ARIES (Mar.21 - Apr.19)
	You are a wonderfully interesting, honest, hard-working person
	and you should make many new friends, but you won't because you've
	got a mean streak in you a mile wide.


Q:	Where does virgin wool come from?
A:	Ugly sheep.


TRUST ME:
	Translation of the Latin "caveat emptor."


Left a good broad by the river,
Traveled back into town just to get some rest!
Waited for 10 hours,
Went back to the river,
But I couldn't get her out of that mess!

chorus:
	Poor Mary Jo Kopechne,
	Dead Mary Jo Kopechne,
	Rollin'... rollin'... rollin' down the window!

If you're gonna run for office,
And you know that it's an election year.
Don't go in the river,
'Specially by way of bridges,
It could put an end to your political career!
(chorus)
		-- Poor Mary Jo, to the tune of "Proud Mary"


Today is a good day for information-gathering.
Read someone else's mail file.


Seeing is deceiving.  It's eating that's believing.
		-- James Thurber


Truth is the most valuable thing we have -- so let us economize it.
		-- Mark Twain


Kissing, petting, and even intercourse are all right as long as they are
sincere.  I have never given a kiss in my life that wasn't sincere.  As
for intercourse, I'd say three times a day was about right.
		-- Margaret Sangor


Chemistry professors never die, they just fail to react.


If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library?
		-- Lily Tomlin


Their idea of an offer you can't refuse is an offer...
and you'd better not refuse.


Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy.
		-- Charlie McCarthy


What is algebra, exactly?  Is it one of those three-cornered things?
		-- J. M. Barrie


I don't care for the Sugar Smacks commercial.  I don't like the idea of
a frog jumping on my Breakfast.
		-- Lowell, Chicago Reader 10/15/82


Manual, n.:
	A unit of documentation.  There are always three or more on a given
	item.  One is on the shelf; someone has the others.  The information
	you need is in the others.
		-- Ray Simard


Stop!  There was first a game of blindman's buff.  Of course there was.
And I no more believe Topper was really blind than I believe he had eyes
in his boots.  My opinion is, that it was a done thing between him and
Scrooge's nephew; and that the Ghost of Christmas Present knew it.  The
way he went after that plump sister in the lace tucker, was an outrage
on the credulity of human nature.


What's the matter with the world?  Why, there ain't but one thing wrong
with every one of us - and that's "selfishness."
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


	A master programmer passed a novice programmer one day.  The master
noted the novice's preoccupation with a hand-held computer game.  "Excuse me",
he said, "may I examine it?"
	The novice bolted to attention and handed the device to the master.
"I see that the device claims to have three levels of play: Easy, Medium,
and Hard", said the master.  "Yet every such device has another level of play,
where the device seeks not to conquer the human, nor to be conquered by the
human."
	"Pray, great master," implored the novice, "how does one find this
mysterious setting?"
	The master dropped the device to the ground and crushed it under foot.
And suddenly the novice was enlightened.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Don't hit the keys so hard, it hurts.


Some women achieve greatness, some have greatness thrust into them.


Blutarsky's Axiom:
	Nothing is impossible for the man who will not listen to reason.


When you are at Rome live in the Roman style;
when you are elsewhere live as they live elsewhere.
		-- St. Ambrose


The Marines:
	The few, the proud, the not very bright.


