As long as the answer is right, who cares if the question is wrong?


Q:	What's the difference between the 1950's and the 1980's?
A:	In the 80's, a man walks into a drugstore and states loudly, "I'd
	like some condoms," and then, leaning over the counter, whispers,
	"and some cigarettes."


vacation;look;find;talk;grep;touch;finger;find;flex;unzip;mount;workbone; \
fsck;yes;gasp;fsck;yes;eject;umount;make clean;zip;split;done;exit


There is never enough time to do it right the first time, but there is
always enough time to do it over.


"... I should explain that I was wearing a black velvet cape that was
supposed to make me look like the dashing, romantic Zorro but which
actually made me look like a gigantic bat wearing glasses ..."
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wet Zorro Suit and Other Turning
		   Points in l'Amour"


... this is an awesome sight.  The entire rebel resistance buried under six
million hardbound copies of "The Naked Lunch."
		-- The Firesign Theatre


The cost of living hasn't affected its popularity.


Perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things.


An age is called Dark not because the light fails to shine, but because
people refuse to see it.
		-- James Michener, "Space"


Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set:

PI	Punch Invalid
POPI	Punch Operator Immediately
PVLC	Punch Variable Length Card
RASC	Read And Shred Card
RPM	Read Programmers Mind
RSSC	Reduce Speed, Step Carefully (for improved accuracy)
RTAB	Rewind Tape and Break
RWDSK	Rewind Disk
RWOC	Read Writing On Card
SCRBL	Scribble to disk - faster than a write
SLC	Search for Lost Chord
SPSW	Scramble Program Status Word
SRSD	Seek Record and Scar Disk
STROM	Store in Read Only Memory
TDB	Transfer and Drop Bit
WBT	Water Binary Tree


Silly Sally was baby sitting.  But Silly Sally was getting bored.  Thinking
a walk would help, she put the baby in his carriage.  Silly Sally pushed the
carriage and pushed the carriage up this hill and down that one.  She pushed
the carriage up the highest hill in town, and ALL OF A SUDDEN!  It slipped out
of her hands (OH! NO!) and it was headed at high speed for the busiest
intersection in town.  BUT!

Silly Sally just laughed and la.....ug.......h....e....d...........
BECAUSE!  SHE KNEW THERE WAS A STOP SIGN AT THE BOTTOM OF THE HILL!

Silly Sally was playing in the garage.  And she was being disobedient.
She was playing with matches...  AND...  She burned down the garage.
(OHHHHHH)  Silly Sally's mother said, "Silly Sally!  You have been naughty!
And when your father gets home, you are going to get a good licking!"  BUT!

Silly Sally just laughed and la.....ug.......h....e....d...........
BECAUSE!  SHE KNEW HER FATHER WAS IN THE GARAGE WHEN SHE BURNED IT DOWN!


	An older student came to Otis and said, "I have been to see a
great number of teachers and I have given up a great number of pleasures.
I have fasted, been celibate and stayed awake nights seeking enlightenment.
I have given up everything I was asked to give up and I have suffered, but
I have not been enlightened.  What should I do?"
	Otis replied, "Give up suffering."
		-- Camden Benares, "Zen Without Zen Masters"


People's Action Rules:
	(1) Some people who can, shouldn't.
	(2) Some people who should, won't.
	(3) Some people who shouldn't, will.
	(4) Some people who can't, will try, regardless.
	(5) Some people who shouldn't, but try, will then blame others.


What this country needs is a good five cent microcomputer.


UNIX enhancements aren't.


Nothing endures but change.
		-- Heraclitus
	[Yeah, yeah, "Everything changes but change itself." --JFK Ed.]


There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear.


Never buy from a rich salesman.
		-- Goldenstern


You've always made the mistake of being yourself.
		-- Eugene Ionesco


The woman you buy -- and she is the least expensive -- takes a great
deal of money.  The woman who gives herself takes all your time.
		-- Honore de Balzac


Sin boldly.
		-- Martin Luther


A life spent in search of the perfect hash brownie is a life well spent.


FORTUNE ANSWERS THE TOUGH QUESTIONS: #8

Q:	Is God a myth?
A:	No, He's a mythter.


Killing turkeys causes winter.


Mom's Law:
	When they finally do have to take you to the
	hospital, your underwear won't be clean or new.


If you've done six impossible things before breakfast, why not round it
off with dinner at Milliway's, the restaurant at the end of the universe.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the End of the Universe"


"You are old," said the youth, "as I mentioned before,
	And make errors few people could bear;
You complain about everyone's English but yours --
	Do you really think this is quite fair?"

"I make lots of mistakes," Father William declared,
	"But my stature these days is so great
That no critic can hurt me -- I've got them all scared,
	And to stop me it's now far too late."


So many beautiful women and so little time.
		-- John Barrymore


There is a great discovery still to be made in Literature:
that of paying literary men by the quantity they do NOT write.


CONFIRMED BACHELOR:
	A man who goes through life without a hitch.


My idea of roughing it turning the air conditioner too low.


An elephant is a mouse with an operating system.


Work expands to fill the time available.
		-- Cyril Northcote Parkinson, "The Economist", 1955


I found out why my car was humming.  It had forgotten the words.


Your supervisor is thinking about you.


I could dance till the cows come home.  On second thought, I'd rather
dance with the cows till you come home.
		-- Groucho Marx


You can't erase a dream, you can only wake me up.
		-- Peter Frampton


What we do not understand we do not possess.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


It was all so different before everything changed.


It took a while to surface, but it appears that a long-distance credit card
may have saved a U.S. Army unit from heavy casualties during the Grenada
military rescue/invasion. Major General David Nichols, Air Force ... said
the Army unit was in a house surrounded by Cuban forces.  One soldier found
a telephone and, using his credit card, called Ft. Bragg, N.C., telling Army
officers there of the perilous situation. The officers in turn called the
Air Force, which sent in gunships to scatter the Cubans and relieve the unit.
		-- Aviation Week and Space Technology


Q:	What's the difference between Bell Labs and the Boy Scouts of America?
A:	The Boy Scouts have adult supervision.


		What I Did During My Fall Semester
On the first day of my fall semester, I got up.
Then I went to the library to find a thesis topic.
Then I hung out in front of the Dover.

On the second day of my fall semester, I got up.
Then I went to the library to find a thesis topic.
Then I hung out in front of the Dover.

On the third day of my fall semester, I got up.
Then I went to the library to find a thesis topic.
I found a thesis topic:
	How to keep people from hanging out in front of the Dover.
		-- Sister Mary Elephant,
		   "Student Statement for Black Friday"


Groundhog Day has been observed only once in Los Angeles because when the
groundhog came out of its hole, it was killed by a mudslide.
		-- Johnny Carson


All I want is a warm bed and a kind word and unlimited power.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


Answer a fool according to his folly, lest he be wise in his own conceit.
		-- Proverbs 26:5


The glances over cocktails
That seemed to be so sweet
Don't seem quite so amorous
Over Shredded Wheat


All life evolves by the differential survival of replicating entities.
		-- Richard Dawkins


Keep emotionally active.  Cater to your favorite neurosis.


In Mexico we have a word for sushi: bait.
		-- Josi Simon


Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.
		-- Hector Berlioz


We are all dying -- and we're gonna be dead for a long time.


QOTD:
	"East is east... and let's keep it that way."


As part of an equal opportunity project, a memo was sent to all the offices
within External Affairs asking for "A list of all employees broken down by
sex."
	One of the memos was returned with the notation: "I'm sorry: we
know of nobody in this office who fits your criteria.  We do, however,
have two alcoholics."


He's not pining, he's passed on!  This parrot won't squawk!  He's
ceased to be!  He's expired, and gone to meet his maker!  It's a
stiff!  No breath of life, he may rest in peace!  If you hadn't nailed
him to the perch, he'd be pushing up the daisies!  He's off the twig!
He's kicked the bucket!  He's curled up his tooties!  He's shuffled off
this mortal world!  He's run down the curtain, and joined the bleed'n
Choir Invincible!  HE'S FUCKING SNUFFED IT!  Vis-a-vi his metabolic
processes is head is lost.  All statements concerning this parrot is no
longer a going concern, after from now on, Inoperative...

		THIS IS AN EX-PARROT!!
		-- Monty Python


Oh, my friend, it is not what they take away from you that counts --
it's what you do with what you have left.
		-- Hubert H. Humphrey


We all know that no one understands anything that isn't funny.


This is Maria, Liberty Bail Bonds.  Your client, Todd Lieman, skipped and
his bail is forfeit.  That's the pink slip on your '74 Firebird, I believe.
Sorry, Jim, bring it on over.


Every four seconds a woman has a baby.  Our problem is to find this
woman and stop her.


STRAPLESS EVENING GOWN:
	Bust truster.


Suppose for a moment that the automobile industry had developed at the same
rate as computers and over the same period:  how much cheaper and more
efficient would the current models be?  If you have not already heard the
analogy, the answer is shattering.  Today you would be able to buy a
Rolls-Royce for $2.75, it would do three million miles to the gallon, and
it would deliver enough power to drive the Queen Elizabeth II.  And if you
were interested in miniaturization, you could place half a dozen of them on
a pinhead.
		-- Christopher Evans


And as we stand on the edge of darkness
Let our chant fill the void
That others may know

	In the land of the night
	The ship of the sun
	Is drawn by
	The grateful dead.
		-- Tibetan "Book of the Dead," ca. 4000 BC.


The eternal feminine draws us upward.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


As some day it may happen that a victim must be found
I've got a little list -- I've got a little list
Of society offenders who might well be underground
And who never would be missed -- who never would be missed.
		-- Koko, "The Mikado"


Orcs really aren't so bad (if you use lots of catsup).


Wasn't there something about a PASCAL programmer
knowing the value of everything and the Wirth of nothing?


You are destined to become the commandant of the
fighting men of the department of transportation.


There cannot be a crisis next week.  My schedule is already full.
		-- Henry Kissinger


There is only one way to console a widow.  But remember the risk.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


Biggest security gap -- an open mouth.


Hartley's Second Law:
	Never sleep with anyone crazier than yourself.

My corollary:
	The completely psychotic have all the fun.


Inglish Spocken Hier: some mangled translations

	Sign on a cabin door of a Soviet Black Sea cruise liner:
		Helpsavering apparata in emergings behold many whistles!
		Associate the stringing apparata about the bosums and meet
		behind, flee then to the indifferent lifesaveringshippen
		obedicing the instructs of the vessel.

	On the door in a Belgrade hotel:
		Let us know about any unficiency as well as leaking on
		the service. Our utmost will improve it.

		-- Colin Bowles


While there's life, there's hope.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)


Behind every argument is someone's ignorance.


You never have to change anything you
got up in the middle of the night to write.
		-- Saul Bellow


You cannot kill time without injuring eternity.


Kissing a fish is like smoking a bicycle.


No matter how much you do you never do enough.


Talk is cheap because supply always exceeds demand.


Instead of giving money to found colleges to promote learning, why don't
they pass a constitutional amendment prohibiting anybody from learning
anything?  If it works as good as the Prohibition one did, why, in five
years we would have the smartest race of people on earth.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


For what it's worth, if you -can- get Michelle Pfeiffer to model
a latex daemon suit for the catalog, I strongly suggest you do.
Breasts can sell anything. Shiny red latex body suits start
religions.
		-- Brian McGroarty <bvmcg@yahoo.com>


If we were meant to get up early, God would have created us
with alarm clocks.


	Once upon a time, there were five blind men who had the opportunity
to experience an elephant for the first time.  One approached the elephant,
and, upon encountering one of its sturdy legs, stated, "Ah, an elephant is
like a tree."  The second, after exploring the trunk, said, "No, an elephant
is like a strong hose."  The third, grasping the tail, said "Fool!  An elephant
is like a rope!"  The fourth, holding an ear, stated, "No, more like a fan."
And the fifth, leaning against the animal's side, said, "An elephant is like
a wall."  The five then began to argue loudly about who had the more accurate
perception of the elephant.
	The elephant, tiring of all this abuse, suddenly reared up and
attacked the men.  He continued to trample them until they were nothing but
bloody lumps of flesh.  Then, strolling away, the elephant remarked, "It just
goes to show that you can't depend on first impressions.  When I first saw
them I didn't think they'd be any fun at all."


LASER:
	Failed death ray.


Put your Nose to the Grindstone!
		-- Amalgamated Plastic Surgeons and Toolmakers, Ltd.


There's more than one way to skin a cat:
	#15 -- Krazy Glue and a toothbrush.


Marriage, in life, is like a duel in the midst of a battle.
		-- Edmond About


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

Bug reports now amount to an average of 12,853 per day.  Unfortunately,
this is only a small fraction [ < 1% ] of the mail volume we receive.  In
order that we may more expeditiously deal with these valuable messages,
please communicate them by one of the following paths:

	ARPA:  WastebasketSLMHQ.ARPA
	UUCP:  [berkeley, seismo, harpo]!fubar!thekid!slmhq!wastebasket
	Non-network sites:  Federal Express to:
		Wastebasket
		Room NE43-926
		Copernicus, The Moon, 12345-6789
	For that personal contact feeling call 1-415-642-4948; our trained
	operators are on call 24 hours a day.  VISA/MC accepted.*

* Our very rich lawyers have assured us that we are not
  responsible for any errors or advice given over the phone.


With Congress, every time they make a joke it's a law; and every time
they make a law it's a joke.
		-- W. Rogers


The difference between us is not very far,
cruising for burgers in daddy's new car.


QOTD:
	"It was so cold last winter that I saw a lawyer with his
	hands in his own pockets."


Against stupidity the very gods Themselves contend in vain.
		-- Friedrich von Schiller, "The Maid of Orleans", III, 6


Going the speed of light is bad for your age.


QOTD:
	"It seems to me that your antenna doesn't bring in too many
	stations anymore."


The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost.


It's so beautifully arranged on the plate -- you know someone's fingers
have been all over it.
		-- Julia Child on nouvelle cuisine


	In what can only be described as a surprise move, God has officially
announced His candidacy for the U.S. presidency.  During His press conference
today, the first in over 4000 years, He is quoted as saying, "I think I have
a chance for the White House if I can just get my campaign pulled together
in time.  I'd like to get this country turned around; I mean REALLY turned
around!  Let's put Florida up north for awhile, and let's get rid of all
those annoying mountains and rivers.  I never could stand them!"
	There apparently is still some controversy over the Almighty's
citizenship and other qualifications for the Presidency.  God replied to
these charges by saying, "Come on, would the United States have anyone other
than a citizen bless their country?"


A scientific truth does not triumph by convincing its opponents and
making them see the light, but rather because its opponents eventually
die and a new generation grows up that is familiar with it.
		-- Max Planck


Truth can wait; he's used to it.


Two is company, three is an orgy.


Catch a wave and you're sitting on top of the world.
		-- The Beach Boys


Women's Libbers are OK, I just wouldn't want my sister to marry one.


Lesbian QOTD:
I didn't give up sex, I just gave up premature ejaculation.


What this country needs is a good five cent nickel.


The lion and the calf shall lie down
together but the calf won't get much sleep.
		-- Woody Allen


A Southern boy graduates from high school heads north to college, taking the
family dog, Old Blue with him, for company.  He's only been there a few weeks
when he gets a call from his girlfriend; seems like they've got a problem,
and she needs a thousand dollars to take care of it.  The boy calls his folks:
	"How are you?" they ask.
	"Oh, I'm fine," he says.
	"And how," they ask, "is Old Blue?"
	"Well, he's kind of depressed.  You see, there's this lady up here
that teaches dogs to talk, and Ol' Blue is feelin' kind of left out 'cause
he's the only dog that doesn't know how to talk.  She charges a thousand
dollars."
	The parents send the boy the thousand dollars, he forwards it to Mary
Lou, and everything's fine until Christmas vacation.  The boy leaves Ol' Blue
at his dorm, 'cause he just can't figure out what to tell his parents.  Sure
enough, when he gets home, the first thing his father wants to know is
"Where's Old Blue?"
	"Well, Pa," says the boy.  "I was driving on home and Old Blue was
talking away about this and that when we passed the Buford's farm.  Old Blue,
well, he said, `Say, what do you think your mother would do if I told her
that your father's been comin' over here and seeing Mrs. Buford all these
years?'"
	The father looks at his son -- "You shot that dog, didn't you, boy?"


It is idle to attempt to talk a young woman out of her passion:
love does not lie in the ear.
		-- Walpole


The more they over-think the plumbing
the easier it is to stop up the drain.


Never hit a man with glasses; hit him with a baseball bat.


Cinemuck, n.:
	The combination of popcorn, soda, and melted chocolate which
	covers the floors of movie theaters.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


The townspeople stood in despair as the fire that had begun in a diner
threatened to spread to adjoining homes.  Just then, a truck filled with
farm workers came speeding down a hill toward the fire.  The crowd moved
back and the truck drove right into the thickest of the flames.  The workers
jumped out and beat at the fire with their coats, miraculously bringing the
blaze under control.
	The city fathers were so grateful for the men's heroism that they
gave each a plaque and $1000.  After the ceremony, newsmen interviewed the
driver and asked him what he was going to do with the money.
	"You can be damned sure the first thing I'm gonna do," he replied,
"is get the brakes fixed on that son-of-a-bitchin' truck!"


Exuberant Sue from Anjou
Found that fucking affected her hue.
	She presented to sight
	Nipples pink, bottom white;
But her asshole was purple and blue.


A man without a woman is like a fish without gills.


Human resources are human first, and resources second.
		-- J. Garbers


A virgin is chaste.


If it pours before seven, it has rained by eleven.


Hackers of the world, unite!


The smiling Spring comes in rejoicing,
And surly Winter grimly flies.
Now crystal clear are the falling waters,
And bonnie blue are the sunny skies.
Fresh o'er the mountains breaks forth the morning,
The ev'ning gilds the oceans's swell:
All creatures joy in the sun's returning,
And I rejoice in my bonnie Bell.

The flowery Spring leads sunny Summer,
The yellow Autumn presses near;
Then in his turn come gloomy Winter,
Till smiling Spring again appear.
Thus seasons dancing, life advancing,
Old Time and Nature their changes tell;
But never ranging, still unchanging,
I adore my bonnie Bell.
		-- Robert Burns, "My Bonnie Bell"


Higgins:	Doolittle, you're either an honest man or a rogue.
Doolittle:	A little of both, Guv'nor.  Like the rest of us, a
		little of both.
		-- Shaw, "Pygmalion"


Dear Emily:
	I collected replies to an article I wrote, and now it's time to
summarize.  What should I do?
		-- Editor

Dear Editor:
	Simply concatenate all the articles together into a big file and post
that.  On USENET, this is known as a summary.  It lets people read all the
replies without annoying newsreaders getting in the way.  Do the same when
summarizing a vote.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette


How kind of you to be willing to live someone's life for them.


Poverty begins at home.


You can always tell the Christmas season is here when you start getting
incredibly dense, tinfoil-and-ribbon- wrapped lumps in the mail.
Fruitcakes make ideal gifts because the Postal Service has been unable
to find a way to damage them.  They last forever, largely because
nobody ever eats them.  In fact, many smart people save the fruitcakes
they receive and send them back to the original givers the next year;
some fruitcakes have been passed back and forth for hundreds of years.

The easiest way to make a fruitcake is to buy a darkish cake, then
pound some old, hard fruit into it with a mallet.  Be sure to wear
safety glasses.
		-- Dave Barry, "Simple, Homespun Gifts"


Taoism: Shit Happens.
Confucianism: Confucius say, "Shit Happens".
Buddhism: If shit happens, it isn't really shit.
Hinduism: This shit has happened before.
Protestantism: Shit happens, but it happens to someone else.
Catholicism: Shit happens, but you deserved it.
Judaism: Why does shit always happen to US?


[Maturity consists in the discovery that] there comes a critical moment
where everything is reversed, after which the point becomes to understand
more and more that there is something which cannot be understood.
		-- S. A. Kierkegaard (1813-1855)


The next person to mention spaghetti stacks
to me is going to have his head knocked off.
		-- Bill Conrad


To laugh at men of sense is the privilege of fools.


(1) Alexander the Great was a great general.
(2) Great generals are forewarned.
(3) Forewarned is forearmed.
(4) Four is an even number.
(5) Four is certainly an odd number of arms for a man to have.
(6) The only number that is both even and odd is infinity.
	Therefore, Alexander the Great had an infinite number of arms.


The government has just completed work on a missile that turned out
to be a bit of a boondoggle; nicknamed "Civil Servant", it won't work
and they can't fire it.


To err is human; to admit it, a blunder.


You may easily play a joke on a man who likes to argue -- agree with
him.
		-- Edgar W. Howe


You mean you didn't *know* she was off
making lots of little phone companies?


IOT trap -- mos dumped


The hearing ear is always found close to the speaking tongue, a custom
whereof the memory of man runneth not howsomever to the contrary, nohow.


May a hundred thousand midgets invade your home singing cheezy lounge-lizard
versions of songs from The Wizard of Oz.


A couple of young fellers were fishing at their special pond off the
beaten track when out of the bushes jumped the Game Warden.  Immediately,
one of the boys threw his rod down and started running through the woods
like the proverbial bat out of hell, and hot on his heels ran the Game
Warden.  After about a half mile the fella stopped and stooped over with
his hands on his thighs, whooping and heaving to catch his breath as the
Game Warden finally caught up to him.
	"Let's see yer fishin' license, boy," the Warden gasped.  The
man pulled out his wallet and gave the Game Warden a valid fishing
license.
	"Well, son", snarled the Game Warden, "You must be about as dumb
as a box of rocks!  You didn't have to run if you have a license!"
	"Yes, sir," replied his victim, "but, well, see, my friend back
there, he don't have one!"


What fools these morals be!


A couple took their young son for his first visit to the circus, and by
chance their seats were next to the elephant pen.  When his father left
to buy popcorn, the boy piped up,
	"Mom, what's that long thing on the elephant?"
	"That's the elephant's trunk, dear," she replied.
	"No, not that."
	"Oh, that's the elephant's tail."
	"No, Mom.  Down underneath."
	His mother blushed and said, "Oh, that's nothing."
	Pretty soon the father returned, and the mother went off to get
a soda.  As soon as she had left the boy repeated his question.
	"That's the elephant's trunk, son."
	"Dad, I know what an elephant's trunk is.  The thing at the
other end."
	"Oh, that's the elephant's tail."
	"No.  Down there."
	The father took a good look and explained, "That's the elephant's
penis."
	"Dad, how come when I asked Mom, she said it was nothing?"
	The man took a deep breath and replied, "Son, I've *spoiled*
that woman."


Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
		-- Albert Einstein

They laughed at Einstein.  They laughed at the Wright Brothers.  But they
also laughed at Bozo the Clown.
		-- Carl Sagan


The important thing to remember about walking on eggs is not to hop.


In the shade of the old apple tree
Where between her fat legs I could see
	A little brown spot
	With the hair in a knot,
And it certainly looked good to me.

I asked as I tickled her tit
If she thought that my big thing would fit.
	She said it would do
	So we had a good screw		In the shade of the old apple tree
In the shade of the old apple tree.	I got all that was coming to me.
						In the soft dewy grass
I could hear the dull buzz of the bee		I had a fine piece of ass
As he sunk his grub hooks into me.	From a maiden that was fine to see.
	Her ass it was fine
	But you should have seen mine
In the shade of the old apple tree.


People respond to people who respond.


Q:	What's tan and black and looks great on a lawyer?
A:	A Doberman.


[Norm is angry.]

Woody: What can I get you, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Clifford Clavin's head.
		-- Cheers, The Triangle

Sam:	Hey, what's happening, Norm?
Norm:	Well, it's a dog-eat-dog world, Sammy,
	and I'm wearing Milk-Bone underwear.
		-- Cheers, The Peterson Principle

Sam:  How's life in the fast lane, Normie?
Norm: Beats me, I can't find the on-ramp.
		-- Cheers, Diane Chambers Day


SCORPIO (Oct 23 - Nov 21)
	You are shrewd in business and cannot be trusted.  You will achieve
	the pinnacle of success because of your total lack of ethics.  Most
	Scorpio people are murdered.


Thou shalt not omit adultery.


Masturbation, n.:
	Coming unscrewed.


Love is being stupid together.
		-- Paul Valery


A clergical student named Simms
Hums liturgical tunes while he rims:
	A nice piece of ass
	Gets the B-Minor Mass ...
All the others get Anglican hymns.


The universe is laughing behind your back.


UNIX is hot.  It's more than hot.  It's steaming.  It's quicksilver
lightning with a laserbeam kicker.
		-- Michael Jay Tucker


An Ada exception is when a routine gets
in trouble and says "Beam me up, Scotty."


LOVE:
	Love ties in a knot in the end of the rope.


It is one of the superstitions of the human mind
to have imagined that virginity could be a virtue.
		-- Voltaire


Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.


Many are called, few volunteer.


Picture the sun as the origin of two intersecting 6-dimensional
hyperplanes from which we can deduce a certain transformational
sequence which gives us the terminal velocity of a rubber duck ...


Your mode of life will be changed for
the better because of new developments.


I have gained this by philosophy:
that I do without being commanded what others
do only from fear of the law.
		-- Aristotle


Hard reality has a way of cramping your style.
		-- Daniel Dennett


What orators lack in depth they make up in length.


	A novel approach is to remove all power from the system, which
removes most system overhead so that resources can be fully devoted to
doing nothing.  Benchmarks on this technique are promising; tremendous
amounts of nothing can be produced in this manner.  Certain hardware
limitations can limit the speed of this method, especially in the
larger systems which require a more involved & less efficient
power-down sequence.
	An alternate approach is to pull the main breaker for the
building, which seems to provide even more nothing, but in truth has
bugs in it, since it usually inhibits the systems which keep the beer
cool.


The lawgiver, of all beings, most owes the law allegiance.  He of all men
should behave as though the law compelled him.  But it is the universal
weakness of mankind that what we are given to administer we presently imagine
we own.
		-- H. G. Wells


The easy confidence with which I know another man's religion is folly
teaches me to suspect that my own is also.

I would not interfere with any one's religion, either to strengthen it
or to weaken it.  I am not able to believe one's religion can affect his
hereafter one way or the other, no matter what that religion may be.
But it may easily be a great comfort to him in this life -- hence it is a
valuable possession to him.

I do not see how eternal punishment hereafter could accomplish any good
end, therefore I am not able to believe in it. To chasten a man in order
to perfect him might be reasonable enough; to annihilate him when he shall
have proved himself incapable of reaching perfection might be reasonable
enough; but to roast him forever for the mere satisfaction of seeing him
roast would not be reasonable -- even the atrocious God imagined by the Jews
would tire of the spectacle eventually.
		-- Mark Twain


Abbott's Admonitions:
	1: If you have to ask, you're not entitled to know.
	2: If you don't like the answer, you shouldn't have asked
		the question.
		-- Charles Abbot, dean, University of Virginia


There are no games on this system.


Sushido, n.:
	The way of the tuna.


I've enjoyed just about as much of this as I can stand.


Support the right of unborn males to bear arms!
		-- A public service announcement from Phyllis Schlafly,
		   the Catholic Church, and the National Rifle
		   Association


I'll give you my opinion of the human race in a nutshell ... their heart's
in the right place, but their head is a thoroughly inefficient organ.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham, "The Summing Up"


The young stud walked into a bordello.  After he took his clothes off, the
woman was puzzled to see him put a clothespin on his nose, stuff cotton in
his ears, and put a prophylactic on his penis.
	"Hey," she asked, "what the hell are you doing?"
	"Well, ma'am", replied the stud, "there are two things I just can't
stand.  A screaming woman and the smell of burning rubber."


A Scotsman clad in a kilt walks up to the counter in an Apothecary.  From
his pocket he takes a plaid condom that has been heavily used, torn, patched,
sewn, and is currently split down one side.  He asks the proprietor, "How much
to replace this, Ian?"  The proprietor says, "Why, Angus, that'll be four
pence."  Then the Scotsman asks, "How much to repair?"  The prop. looks the
condom over carefully, and says "Three pence to repair."  The Scotsman ponders
for a moment, then says, "I'll be back."
	Later in the day, the Scotsman returns with a smile on his face and
says, "Ian, the Regiment has voted to repair!"


Unix, n.:
	A computer operating system, once thought to be flabby and
	impotent, that now shows a surprising interest in making off
	with the workstation harem.


