She won' go Warp 7, Cap'n!  The batteries are dead!


A doctor was stranded with a lawyer in a leaky life raft in shark-infested
waters. The doctor tried to swim ashore but was eaten by the sharks. The
lawyer, however, swam safely past the bloodthirsty sharks.  "Professional
courtesy," he explained.


Have you heard of the lady named Cox
Who had a capacious old box?
	When her lover was in place
	She said, "Please turn your face.
I look like a gal, but I screw like a fox."


I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
		-- Mark Twain


Two young men seated in a restaurant were watching a customer busily
disposing of a plate of oysters on the half shell.  One of the young
men remarked to his friend,
	"Did you ever hear that business about raw oysters being
good for a man's virility?"
	"Yes, why?" the friend replied.
	"Well, take it from me, that's a lot of foolishness.  I ate a
dozen of them the other night, and only nine worked."


One of the signs of Napoleon's greatness is the fact that he
once had a publisher shot.
		-- Siegfried Unseld


Remember, DESSERT is spelled with two `s's while DESERT is spelled
with one, because EVERYONE wants two desserts, but NO ONE wants two
deserts.
		-- Miss Oglethorp, Gr. 5, PS. 59


Absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases
great ones, as the wind blows out candles and fans fires.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


What this country needs is a good five dollar plasma weapon.


Does a good farmer neglect a crop he has planted?
Does a good teacher overlook even the most humble student?
Does a good father allow a single child to starve?
Does a good programmer refuse to maintain his code?
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Forecast, n.:
	A prediction of the future, based on the past, for
	which the forecaster demands payment in the present.


Distributed Systems people do it loosely coupled.


It is far more impressive when others discover your good qualities
without your help.
		-- Miss Manners


Back in the good ole days in Texas, when stagecoaches and the like was
popular, there were three people in a stagecoach one day: a true red-
blooded born-and-raised Texas gentleman, a tenderfoot city-slicker from
back East, and a beautiful and well-endowed Texas lady.  The city-
slicker kept eyeing the lady, and finally he leaned forward and said,
"Lady, I'll give you $10 for a blow job."  The Texas gentleman looked
appalled, pulled out his pistol, and killed the city-slicker on the
spot.  The lady gasped and said, "Thank you, suh, for defendin' mah
honor!"  Whereupon the Texan holstered his gun and said, "Your honor,
hell!  No tenderfoot is gonna raise the price of women in Texas!"


There *_i_s* intelligent life on Earth, but I leave for Texas on Monday.


Ouch mosquito, silent by night,
Why pierce my skin, so white?
You grow plump, as a leech.
Stop!  I beseech (in vein).

I have no choice.
Why waste my voice,
When only a slap will do?
Ouch, I am bitten!
What ho, you are smitten!
Yo mosquito, fuck you.
		-- Mitchell Peck, "Ouch, Mosquito"


There are no data that cannot be plotted on a straight line if the axes
are chosen correctly.


I will not say that women have no character; rather, they have a new
one every day.
		-- Heine


So, how's your love life?
Still holding your own?


What does it mean if there is no fortune for you?


"Our attitude with TCP/IP is, `Hey, we'll do it, but don't make a big
system, because we can't fix it if it breaks -- nobody can.'"

"TCP/IP is OK if you've got a little informal club, and it doesn't make
any difference if it takes a while to fix it."
		-- Ken Olsen, in Digital News, 1988


Egotist, n.:
	A person of low taste, more interested in himself than me.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The only thing we learn from history is that we do not learn.
		-- Earl Warren

That men do not learn very much from history is the most important of all
the lessons that history has to teach.
		-- Aldous Huxley

We learn from history that we do not learn from history.
		-- Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel

HISTORY:  Papa Hegel he say that all we learn from history is that we learn
nothing from history.  I know people who can't even learn from what happened
this morning.  Hegel must have been taking the long view.
		-- Chad C. Mulligan, "The Hipcrime Vocab"


Hark, the Herald Tribune sings,
Advertising wondrous things.
		-- Tom Lehrer


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(6) Ours is a world governed by the aggressive use of force.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Conscience is a mother-in-law whose visit never ends.
		-- H. L. Mencken


If you're going to America, bring your own food.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


Ignorance is bliss.
		-- Thomas Gray

Fortune updates the great quotes, #42:
	BLISS is ignorance.


"That's no answer," Job said, "And for someone who's supposed to be
omnipotent, let me tell you `tabernacle' has only one l."
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


One girl can be pretty -- but a dozen are only a chorus.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald, "The Last Tycoon"


If it's not one thing, it's a mother.


Laetrile is the pits.


I'd rather have fingers than toes,
I'd rather have ears than a nose,
	And a happy erection
	Brought just to perfection
Makes me terribly sad when it goes.


So little time, so little to do.
		-- Oscar Levant


The most unfair thing about STDs (sexually transmitted diseases) is
that the guys who bought vasectomies have to wear condoms anyway.


"Carefully study these two enlarged photographs on display, Mr. Rafferty,"
the attorney for a politician suing a newspaper for libel instructed his
client on the witness stand, "and indicate which is your ass and which is
a hole in the ground."


All seems condemned in the long run
to approximate a state akin to Gaussian noise.
		-- James Martin


Most people are too busy to have time for anything important.


The ecumenical movement has reached a milestone with the agreement on the
text of the first Jewish-Catholic prayer -- one that begins "Oy vay, Maria".


Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.


Save the Whales -- Harpoon a Honda.


Fortune favors the lucky.


The society which scorns excellence in plumbing as a humble activity and
tolerates shoddiness in philosophy because it is an exalted activity will
have neither good plumbing nor good philosophy... neither its pipes nor
its theories will hold water.


The important thing is not to stop questioning.


In fiction the recourse of the powerless is murder;
in life the recourse of the powerless is petty theft.


"And, you know, I mustn't preach to you, but surely it wouldn't be right for
you to take away people's pleasure of studying your attire, by just going
and making yourself like everybody else.  You feel that, don't you?"  said
he, earnestly.
		-- William Morris, "Notes from Nowhere"


If your aim in life is nothing; you can't miss.


No one gets too old to learn a new way of being stupid.


What is wanted is not the will to believe, but the will to find out,
which is the exact opposite.
		-- Bertrand Russell, "Skeptical_Essays", 1928


A lady is one who never shows her underwear unintentionally.
		-- Lillian Day


As long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its fascination.
When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "Intentions"


Reality is just a crutch for people who can't handle science fiction.


God, I ask for patience -- and I want it right now!


Sun in the night, everyone is together,
Ascending into the heavens, life is forever.
		-- Brand X, "Moroccan Roll/Sun in the Night"


What fools these morals be!


Courage is your greatest present need.


Have you heard of the lady named Cox
Who had a capacious old box?
	When her lover was in place
	She said, "Please turn your face.
I look like a gal, but I screw like a fox."


A song in time is worth a dime.


	THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #8: LAIDBACK

This language was developed at the Marin County Center for T'ai Chi,
Mellowness and Computer Programming (now defunct), as an alternative to
the more intense atmosphere in nearby Silicon Valley.

The center was ideal for programmers who liked to soak in hot tubs
while they worked.  Unfortunately few programmers could survive there
because the center outlawed Pizza and Coca-Cola in favor of Tofu and
Perrier.

Many mourn the demise of LAIDBACK because of its reputation as a gentle
and non-threatening language since all error messages are in lower
case.  For example, LAIDBACK responded to syntax errors with the
message:
	"i hate to bother you, but i just can't relate to that.  can
	you find the time to try it again?"


Bypasses are devices that allow some people to dash from point A to
point B very fast while other people dash from point B to point A very
fast.  People living at point C, being a point directly in between, are
often given to wonder what's so great about point A that so many people
from point B are so keen to get there and what's so great about point B
that so many people from point A are so keen to get _t_h_e_r_e.  They often
wish that people would just once and for all work out where the hell
they wanted to be.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


When speculation has done its worst, two plus two still equals four.
		-- S. Johnson


The difference between a Miracle and a Fact is
exactly the difference between a mermaid and a seal.
		-- Mark Twain


I thought YOU silenced the guard!


Kington's Law of Perforation:
	If a straight line of holes is made in a piece of paper, such
	as a sheet of stamps or a check, that line becomes the strongest
	part of the paper.


After making a daring escape from the penitentiary, the convict eluded
bloodhounds and police roadblocks and dodged helicopter searchlights on
his way to see his wife.  Finally sneaking in the back entrance, he knocked
on the door and smiled triumphantly as she opened it.  "Where the hell have
you been?" she blared.  "You busted out more than six hours ago!"


I would be batting the big feller if they wasn't ready with the other one,
but a left-hander would be the thing if they wouldn't have knowed it already
because there is more things involved than could come up on the road, even
after we've been home a long while.
		-- Casey Stengel


LEO (July 23 - Aug 22)
	You consider yourself a born leader.  Others think you are pushy.
	Most Leo people are bullies.  You are vain and dislike honest
	criticism.  Your arrogance is disgusting.  Leo people are thieves.


You teach best what you most need to learn.


To err is human, but to really foul things up requires a computer.


Q:	What's black and white and red all over?
A:	Two nuns in a chainsaw fight.


That's life for you, said McDunn.  Someone always waiting for someone
who never comes home.  Always someone loving something more than that
thing loves them.  And after awhile you want to destroy whatever that
thing is, so it can't hurt you no more.
		-- Ray Bradbury, "The Fog Horn"


This wasn't just plain terrible, this was fancy terrible.
This was terrible with raisins in it.
		-- Dorothy Parker


The difference between like and love is the
same as the difference between a spit and a swallow.


Q:	Why is it that Mexico isn't sending anyone to the '84 summer games?
A:	Anyone in Mexico who can run, swim or jump is already in LA.


Success is like a fart -- only your own smells nice.
		-- James P. Hogan


It would save me a lot of time if you just gave up and went mad now.


The volume of paper expands to fill the available briefcases.
		-- Jerry Brown


It's a funny thing that when a woman hasn't got anything
on earth to worry about, she goes off and gets married.


I must Create a System, or be enslav'd by another Man's;
I will not Reason and Compare; my business is to Create.
		-- William Blake, "Jerusalem"


You climb to reach the summit, but once
there, discover that all roads lead down.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "The Cyberiad"


A journey of a thousand miles starts under one's feet.
		-- Lao Tsu


I went to my first computer conference at the New York Hilton about 20
years ago.  When somebody there predicted the market for microprocessors
would eventually be in the millions, someone else said, "Where are they
all going to go? It's not like you need a computer in every doorknob!"

Years later, I went back to the same hotel.  I noticed the room keys had
been replaced by electronic cards you slide into slots in the doors.

There was a computer in every doorknob.
		-- Danny Hillis


The world is not octal despite DEC.


Monogamy is the Western custom of one wife and hardly any mistresses.
		-- H. H. Munro


The bone-chilling scream split the warm summer night in two, the first
half being before the scream when it was fairly balmy and calm and
pleasant, the second half still balmy and quite pleasant for those who
hadn't heard the scream at all, but not calm or balmy or even very nice
for those who did hear the scream, discounting the little period of time
during the actual scream itself when your ears might have been hearing it
but your brain wasn't reacting yet to let you know.
		-- Winning sentence, 1986 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest


Isn't it ironic that many men spend a great part of their lives
avoiding marriage while single-mindedly pursuing those things that
would make them better prospects?


When I was seven years old, I was once reprimanded by my mother for an act
of collective brutality in which I had been involved at school.  A group of
seven-year-olds had been teasing and tormenting a six-year-old.  "It is
always so," my mother said.  "You do things together which not one of you
would think of doing alone."  ...  Wherever one looks in the world of human
organization, collective responsibility brings a lowering of moral standards.
The military establishment is an extreme case, an organization which seems
to have been expressly designed to make it possible for people to do things
together which nobody in his right mind would do alone.
		-- Freeman Dyson, "Weapons and Hope"


A conclusion is simply the place where someone got tired of thinking.


They ought to make butt-flavored cat food.
		-- Gallagher


If you stick your head in the sand,
one thing is for sure, you're gonna get your rear kicked.


Everyone knows that dragons don't exist.  But while this simplistic
formulation may satisfy the layman, it does not suffice for the
scientific mind.  The School of Higher Neantical Nillity is in fact
wholly unconcerned with what _d_o_e_s exist.  Indeed, the banality of
existence has been so amply demonstrated, there is no need for us to
discuss it any further here.  The brilliant Cerebron, attacking the
problem analytically, discovered three distinct kinds of dragon: the
mythical, the chimerical, and the purely hypothetical.  They were all,
one might say, nonexistent, but each nonexisted in an entirely
different way ...
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


In Denver it is unlawful to lend your vacuum cleaner to your next-door
neighbor.


Now's the time to have some big ideas
Now's the time to make some firm decisions
We saw the Buddha in a bar down south
Talking politics and nuclear fission
We see him and he's all washed up --
Moving on into the body of a beetle
Getting ready for a long long crawl
He ain't nothing -- he ain't nothing at all...

Death and Money make their point once more
In the shape of Philosophical assassins
Mark and Danny take the bus uptown
Deadly angels for reality and passion
Have the courage of the here and now
Don't taking nothing from the half-baked buddhas
When you think you got it paid in full
You got nothing -- you got nothing at all...
	We're on the road and we're gunning for the Buddha.
	We know his name and he mustn't get away.
	We're on the road and we're gunning for the Buddha.
	It would take one shot -- to blow him away...
		-- Shriekback, "Gunning for the Buddha"


If you're worried by earthquakes and nuclear war,
As well as by traffic and crime,
Consider how worry-free gophers are,
Though living on burrowed time.
		-- Richard Armour, WSJ, 11/7/83


"I don't think so," said Ren'e Descartes.  Just then, he vanished.


The day advanced as if to light some work of mine; it was morning,
and lo! now it is evening, and nothing memorable is accomplished.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


Successful cunnilingus, n.:
	When you wake up the next morning with a face like a
	frosted doughnut.


No problem is so large it can't be fit in somewhere.


Math is like love -- a simple idea but it can get complicated.
		-- R. Drabek


If they sent one man to the moon, why can't they send them all?


Price's Advice:
	It's all a game -- play it to have fun.


I'm returning this note to you, instead of your paper, because it
(your paper) presently occupies the bottom of my bird cage.
		-- English Professor, Providence College


Hitchcock's Staple Principle:
	The stapler runs out of staples
	only while you are trying to staple something.


Oh wearisome condition of humanity!
Born under one law, to another bound.
		-- Fulke Greville, Lord Brooke


	"My husband commits an inconceivable act of perversion with a
barnyard animal, and it's not central to my case?!"
	"Not in California."


Everything that you know is wrong, but you can be straightened out.


This dungeon is owned and operated by Frobazz Magic Co., Ltd.


You can imagine my embarrassment when I killed the wrong guy.
		-- Joe Valachi


Q:	How was Thomas J. Watson buried?
A:	9 edge down.


All flesh is grass.
		-- Isaiah 40:6
Smoke a friend today.


On day a Monterey daughter
Did scuba down under the water.
	She later turned up
	The mom of a pup,
And they say t'was an otter that gotter.


If any man wishes to be humbled and mortified,
let him become president of Harvard.
		-- Edward Holyoke


Prototype designs always work.
		-- Don Vonada


This novel is not to be tossed lightly aside, but to be hurled with
great force.
		-- Dorothy Parker


It takes a brave man to admit his mistakes.
Especially in a paternity hearing.


Brandy Davis, an outfielder and teammate of mine with the Pittsburgh Pirates,
is my choice for team captain.  Cincinnati was beating us 3-1, and I led
off the bottom of the eighth with a walk.  The next hitter banged a hard
single to right field.  Feeling the wind at my back, I rounded second and
kept going, sliding safely into third base.
	With runners at first and third, and home-run hitter Ralph Kiner at
bat, our manager put in the fast Brandy Davis to run for the player at first.
Even with Kiner hitting and a change to win the game with a home run, Brandy
took off for second and made it.  Now we had runners at second and third.
	I'm standing at third, knowing I'm not going anywhere, and see Brandy
start to take a lead.  All of a sudden, here he comes.  He makes a great slide
into third, and I scream, "Brandy, where are you going?"  He looks up, and
shouts, "Back to second if I can make it."
		-- Joe Garagiola, "It's Anybody's Ball Game"


Whether you can hear it or not
The Universe is laughing behind your back
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


Q:	What is "SMOORPLAY"?
A:	It's what SMURFS do before they SMUCK, of course!


Cock-sucker, n.:
	Someone who got caught doing what you got away with.


Pascal is not a high-level language.
		-- Steven Feiner


Whoever would lie usefully should lie seldom.


You can't erase a dream, you can only wake me up.
		-- Peter Frampton


One Bell System - it sometimes works.


War spares not the brave, but the cowardly.
		-- Anacreon


Lamonte Cranston once hired a new Chinese manservant.  While describing his
duties to the new man, Lamonte pointed to a bowl of candy on the coffee
table and warned him that he was not to take any.  Some days later, the new
manservant was cleaning up, with no one at home, and decided to sample some
of the candy.  Just than, Cranston walked in, spied the manservant at the
candy, and said:
	"Pardon me Choy, is that the Shadow's nugate you chew?"


The idea that an arbitrary naive human should be able to properly use a given
tool without training or understanding is even more wrong for computing than
it is for other tools (e.g. automobiles, airplanes, guns, power saws).
		-- Doug Gwyn


Q:	How much money do you give to a 900 foot Jesus?
A:	As much as he wants.


Delores breezed along the surface of her life like a flat stone forever
skipping along smooth water, rippling reality sporadically but oblivious
to it consistently, until she finally lost momentum, sank, and due to an
overdose of fluoride as a child which caused her to suffer from chronic
apathy, doomed herself to lie forever on the floor of her life as useless
as an appendix and as lonely as a five-hundred pound barbell in a
steroid-free fitness center.
		-- Winning sentence, 1990 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest


Two is not equal to three, even for large values of two.


Infidel, n.:
	In New York, one who does not believe in the Christian religion;
	in Constantinople, one who does.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


I tell ya, I knew my morning wasn't going right.   When I put on my shirt
the button fell off, when I picked up my briefcase, the handle fell off,
I tell ya, I was afraid to go to the bathroom.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


No guest is so welcome in a friend's house that
he will not become a nuisance after three days.
		-- Titus Maccius Plautus


Laws are like sausages.  It's better not to see them being made.
		-- Otto von Bismarck


The girls that go to see a man's etchings
may not know art, but they know what they like.


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"After three days without programming, life becomes meaningless."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


I must Create a System, or be enslav'd by another Man's;
I will not Reason and Compare; my business is to Create.
		-- William Blake, "Jerusalem"


At the hospital, a doctor is training an intern on how to announce bad news
to the patients.  The doctor tells the intern "This man in 305 is going to
die in six months.  Go in and tell him."  The intern boldly walks into the
room, over to the man's bedside and tells him "Seems like you're gonna die!"
The man has a heart attack and is rushed into surgery on the spot.  The doctor
grabs the intern and screams at him, "What!?!? are you some kind of moron?
You've got to take it easy, work your way up to the subject.  Now this man in
213 has about a week to live.  Go in and tell him, but, gently, you hear me,
gently!"
	The intern goes softly into the room, humming to himself, cheerily
opens the drapes to let the sun in, walks over to the man's bedside, fluffs
his pillow and wishes him a "Good morning!"  "Wonderful day, no?  Say...
guess who's going to die soon!"


The search for the perfect martini is a fraud.  The perfect martini is
a belt of gin from the bottle; anything else is the decadent trappings
of civilization.
		-- T. K.


I've always considered statesmen to be more expendable than soldiers.


I hate trolls.  Maybe I could metamorph it into something else -- like a
ravenous, two-headed, fire-breathing dragon.
		-- Willow


If you don't have a nasty obituary you probably didn't matter.
		-- Freeman Dyson


If you will practice being fictional for a while, you will understand that
fictional characters are sometimes more real than people with bodies and
heartbeats.


A prominent broadcaster, on a big-game safari in Africa, was taken to a
watering hole where the life of the jungle could be observed. As he
looked down from his tree platform and described the scene into his
tape recorder, he saw two gnus grazing peacefully. So preoccupied were
they that they failed to observe the approach of a pride of lions led
by two magnificent specimens, obviously the leaders. The lions charged,
killed the gnus, and dragged them into the bushes where their feasting
could not be seen.  A little while later the two kings of the jungle
emerged and the radioman recorded on his tape: "Well, that's the end of
the gnus and here, once again, are the head lions."


Still looking for the glorious results of my misspent youth.
Say, do you have a map to the next joint?


It is better for civilization to be going down the drain than to be
coming up it.
		-- Henry Allen


People love high ideals, but they got to be about 33-percent plausible.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


YO-YO:
	Something that is occasionally up but normally down.
	(see also Computer).


You always introduce the younger person to the older person, using the
wording:  "Miss Brown, I'd like to introduce you to an older person"
(unless her name is not "Miss Brown").  If you do not know a person's
age, ask for a driver's license and a major credit card.  If you are
introduced to a member of a minority group, use the "high-five" style
handshake, followed by a remark designed to show you don't mind a bit,
such as "I see you are a (name of a minority group)!  Good!"
		-- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"


We give advice, but we cannot give the wisdom to profit by it.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


Brandy Davis, an outfielder and teammate of mine with the Pittsburgh Pirates,
is my choice for team captain.  Cincinnati was beating us 3-1, and I led
off the bottom of the eighth with a walk.  The next hitter banged a hard
single to right field.  Feeling the wind at my back, I rounded second and
kept going, sliding safely into third base.
	With runners at first and third, and home-run hitter Ralph Kiner at
bat, our manager put in the fast Brandy Davis to run for the player at first.
Even with Kiner hitting and a change to win the game with a home run, Brandy
took off for second and made it.  Now we had runners at second and third.
	I'm standing at third, knowing I'm not going anywhere, and see Brandy
start to take a lead.  All of a sudden, here he comes.  He makes a great slide
into third, and I scream, "Brandy, where are you going?"  He looks up, and
shouts, "Back to second if I can make it."
		-- Joe Garagiola, "It's Anybody's Ball Game"


