Gentlemen,
	Whilst marching from Portugal to a position which commands the approach
to Madrid and the French forces, my officers have been diligently complying
with your requests which have been sent by H.M. ship from London to Lisbon and
thence by dispatch to our headquarters.
	We have enumerated our saddles, bridles, tents and tent poles, and all
manner of sundry items for which His Majesty's Government holds me accountable.
I have dispatched reports on the character, wit, and spleen of every officer.
Each item and every farthing has been accounted for, with two regrettable
exceptions for which I beg your indulgence.
	Unfortunately the sum of one shilling and ninepence remains unaccounted
for in one infantry battalion's petty cash and there has been a hideous
confusion as to the number of jars of raspberry jam issued to one cavalry
regiment during a sandstorm in western Spain.  This reprehensible carelessness
may be related to the pressure of circumstance, since we are war with France, a
fact which may come as a bit of a surprise to you gentlemen in Whitehall.
	This brings me to my present purpose, which is to request elucidation of
my instructions from His Majesty's Government so that I may better understand
why I am dragging an army over these barren plains.  I construe that perforce it
must be one of two alternative duties, as given below.  I shall pursue either
one with the best of my ability, but I cannot do both:
	1. To train an army of uniformed British clerks in Spain for the benefit
of the accountants and copy-boys in London or perchance:
	2. To see to it that the forces of Napoleon are driven out of Spain.
		-- Duke of Wellington, to the British Foreign Office,
		   London, 1812


We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
		-- Calvin Coolidge


Genderplex, n.:
	The predicament of a person in a restaurant who is unable to
	determine his or her designated restroom (e.g., turtles and
	tortoises).
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


If we could sell our experiences for what they cost us, we would
all be millionaires.
		-- Abigail Van Buren


	One night the captain of a tanker saw a light dead ahead.  He
directed his signalman to flash a signal to the light which went...
	"Change course 10 degrees South."
	The reply was quickly flashed back...
	"You change course 10 degrees North."
	The captain was a little annoyed at this reply and sent a further
message.....
	"I am a captain.  Change course 10 degrees South."
	Back came the reply...
	"I am an able-seaman.  Change course 10 degrees North."
	The captain was outraged at this reply and send a message....
"I am a 240,000 tonne tanker.  CHANGE course 10 degrees South!"
	Back came the reply...
	"I am a LIGHTHOUSE.  Change course 10 degrees North!!!!"
		-- Cruising Helmsman, "On The Right Course"


The absurd is the essential concept and the first truth.
		-- A. Camus


Drugs may be the road to nowhere, but at least they're the scenic route!


Q:	How do you catch a unique rabbit?
A:	Unique up on it!

Q:	How do you catch a tame rabbit?
A:	The tame way!


I cannot draw a cart, nor eat dried oats;
If it be man's work I will do it.


The big difference between sex for money and sex for free is that
sex for money usually costs a lot less.
		-- Brendan Francis


A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore.
		-- Yogi Berra


O'Brian's Law:
	Everything is always done for the wrong reasons.


	"Mach was the greatest intellectual fraud in the last ten years."
	"What about X?"
	"I said `intellectual'."
		;login, 9/1990


Let him choose out of my files, his projects to accomplish.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Coriolanus"


Americans' greatest fear is that America will turn out
to have been a phenomenon, not a civilization.
		-- Shirley Hazzard, "Transit of Venus"


An infallible method of conciliating a tiger
is to allow oneself to be devoured.
		-- Konrad Adenauer


	The man standing at the bar (in court, unfortunately) was well-
dressed, alert and obviously intelligent.  The judge asked him how he
pleaded to the charge of rape and, much to the magistrate's surprise, he
replied, "Not guilty by reason of insanity, your Honor."
	"Insanity?" exclaimed the judge.
	"Yes, sir," said the defendant.  "I'm just crazy about it."


All the girls in France, do a hookie-kookie dance,
And you know the way they shake, is enough to fry a snake,
And the snake they fry, is enough to tell a lie,
And the lie they tell, is enough to go to
Hello, operator, give me number nine,
If you disconnect me, I'll kick you in the
Behind the 'frigerator, there was a piece of glass,
If you do not pick it up, I'll kick you in the
Ask me no more questions, tell me no more lies,
This is what Lulu told me, just before she died.
She had a little brother, she named him Tiny Tim,
She put him in the potty, to see if he could swim.
He swam down to the bottom, he swam up to the top,
Lulu got disgusted, and flushed him down the pot.
		-- Princess


Tact, n.:
	The unsaid part of what you're thinking.


There is no delight the equal of dread.
As long as it is somebody else's.
		-- Clive Barker


The moving finger having writ... gestures.


	Never ask your lover if he'd dive in front of an oncoming train for
you.  He doesn't know.  Never ask your lover if she'd dive in front of an
oncoming band of Hell's Angels for you.  She doesn't know.  Never ask how many
cigarettes your lover has smoked today.  Cancer is a personal commitment.
	Never ask to see pictures of your lover's former lovers -- especially
the ones who dived in front of trains.  If you look like one of them, you are
repeating history's mistakes.  If you don't, you'll wonder what he or she saw
in the others.
	While we are on the subject of pictures: You may admire the picture
of your lover cavorting naked in a tidal pool on Maui.  Don't ask who took
it.  The answer is obvious.  A Japanese tourist took the picture.
	Never ask if your lover has had therapy.  Only people who have had
therapy ask if people have had therapy.
	Don't ask about plaster casts of male sex organs marked JIMI, JIM, etc.
Assume that she bought them at a flea  market.
		-- James Peterson and Kate Nolan


MARTA WAS WATCHING THE FOOTBALL GAME with me when she said, "You know most
of these sports are based on the idea of one group protecting its
territory from invasion by another group."

"Yeah," I said, trying not to laugh.  Girls are funny.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


When alerted to an intrusion by tinkling glass or otherwise, 1) Calm
yourself 2) Identify the intruder 3) If hostile, kill him.

Step number 3 is of particular importance.  If you leave the guy alive
out of misguided softheartedness, he will repay your generosity of spirit
by suing you for causing his subsequent paraplegia and seek to force you
to support him for the rest of his rotten life.  In court he will plead
that he was depressed because society had failed him, and that he was
looking for Mother Teresa for comfort and to offer his services to the
poor.  In that lawsuit, you will lose.  If, on the other hand, you kill
him, the most that you can expect is that a relative will bring a wrongful
death action. You will have two advantages: first, there be only your
story; forget Mother Teresa.  Second, even if you lose, how much could
the bum's life be worth anyway?  A lot less than 50 years worth of
paralysis.  Don't play George Bush and Saddam Hussein.  Finish the job.
		-- G. Gordon Liddy's Forbes column on personal security


Between 1950 and 1952, a bored weatherman, stationed north of Hudson Bay,
left a monument that neither government nor time can eradicate.  Using a
bulldozer abandoned by the Air Force, he spent two years and great effort
pushing boulders into a single word.
	It can be seen from 10,000 feet, silhouetted against the snow.
Government officials exchanged memos full of circumlocutions (no Latin
equivalent exists) but failed to word an appropriation bill for the
destruction of this cairn, that wouldn't alert the press and embarrass both
Parliament and Party.
	It stands today, a monument to human spirit.  If life exists on other
planets, this may be the first message received from us.
		-- The Realist, November, 1964


The bureaucracy is expanding to meet the needs of an expanding
bureaucracy.


I've found my niche.  If you're wondering why I'm not there, there was
this little hole in the bottom ...
		-- John Croll


Jone's Motto:
	Friends come and go, but enemies accumulate.


Q:	How did Hellen Keller burn the side of her face?
A:	She answered the iron.

Q:	How did she burn the other side of her face?
A:	They called back.


Benson's Dogma:
	ASCII is our god, and Unix is his profit.


I don't like the Dutchman.  He's a crocodile.  He's sneaky.
I don't trust him.
		-- Jack "Legs" Diamond, just before a peace conference
		   with Dutch Schultz.

I don't trust Legs.  He's nuts.  He gets excited and starts pulling a
trigger like another guy wipes his nose.
		-- Dutch Schultz, just before a peace conference with
		   "Legs" Diamond.


Law of the Jungle:
	He who hesitates is lunch.


Collaboration, n.:
	A literary partnership based on the false assumption that the
	other fellow can spell.


We have art that we do not die of the truth.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Spence's Admonition:
	Never stow away on a kamikaze plane.


Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
		-- A. H. Weiler


Oh, I could while away the hours,
Smoking herbs and flowers,
Shooting up my veins,
	De-dum, De-dum, De-dum
Tell you, I've been a-thinkin'
I could drive a shiny Lincoln,
If I dealt in good cocaine.
		-- To "If I Only Had A Brain" from "The Wizard of Oz"


Confucius say:
	man who lay girl on hill, not on level.
	man who pull out too fast leave rubber.
	man who go to bed with sex problem wake up with solution in hand.
	modern house without toilet uncanny.
	man with athletic finger make broad jump
	woman should not marry basketball players -- they dribble before
		they shoot.
	man who sleep in road wake up with run-down feeling.
	woman who goes to man's apartment for snack, may get tit bit.
	child conceived in back seat of car with automatic transmission
		turn out to be shiftless bastard.
	a smart man knows on which side his broad is better.
	man who arrives late to party will find himself beaten to the punch!


Well, of course it worked. You made the ritual blood sacrifice. If you
bleed on a machine while working on it, it will work. Unless it
doesn't. In which case, you need someone else to bleed on it as well.
		-- Wayne Pascoe


If you don't do the things that are not worth doing, who will?


While money can't buy happiness, it certainly
lets you choose your own form of misery.


O imitators, you slavish herd!
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Then there was the girl whose boyfriend didn't smoke, drink or
swear, and never, ever made a pass at her.  He also made his own dresses.


Lie, n.:
	A very poor substitute for the truth, but the only one
	discovered to date.


"Hello," he lied.
		-- Don Carpenter, quoting a Hollywood agent


The truth of a thing is the feel of it, not the think of it.
		-- Stanley Kubrick


Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


If Helen Keller is alone in a forest and falls, does she make a sound?


It was a female that drove me to drink
and I didn't even have the kindness to thank her.
		-- R.E. Baber


Hell hath no fury like a bureaucrat scorned.
		-- Milton Friedman


Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day.
Teach a man to fish, and he'll invite himself over for dinner.
		-- Calvin Keegan


The Most Unsuccessful Version Of The Bible
	The most exciting version of the Bible was printed in 1631 by Robert
Barker and Martin Lucas, the King's printers at London.  It contained
several mistakes, but one was inspired -- the word "not" was omitted from
the Seventh Commandment and enjoined its readers, on the highest authority,
to commit adultery.
	Fearing the popularity with which this might be received in remote
country districts, King Charles I called all 1,000 copies back in and fined
the printers L3,000.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


	Shortly after Churchill had grown a moustache, he was accosted by a
certain young lady whose political views were in direct opposition to his
own.  Fancying herself something of a wag, she exclaimed, "Mr. Churchill, I
care for neither your politics nor your moustache."  Unabashed, the young
statesman regarded her quietly for a moment, then wryly commented, "Suck my
dick."
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


When things go wrong as they usually will,
And your daily road seems all uphill,
When funds are low and debts are high,
When you try to smile, but can only cry --
And you really feel you'd like to quit,
Don't talk to me; I don't give a shit.


UNIX is hot.  It's more than hot.  It's steaming.  It's quicksilver
lightning with a laserbeam kicker.
		-- Michael Jay Tucker


This Czech walks into police station in 1968 during the Fraternal Assistance.
Czech:	Hey, out there in the street, a Swiss soldier knocked me down and
	took my Russian watch.
Desk Sergeant:	Come again?
Czech:	Right out there in the street, a Swiss soldier knocked me down and
	took my Russian watch.
DS:	You're confused.  Why would there be a Swiss soldier here?  And who
	would want to own a Russian watch?  It was a Russian soldier who
	knocked you down and took your Swiss watch, right?
Czech:	Well, maybe, but you said it, not me.


The reward for working hard is more hard work.


Regardless of whether a mission expands or contracts,
administrative overhead continues to grow at a steady rate.


No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
		-- Eleanor Roosevelt


To accuse others for one's own misfortunes is a sign of want of education.
To accuse oneself shows that one's education has begun.  To accuse neither
oneself nor others shows that one's education is complete.
		-- Epictetus


There is no such thing as a free lunch.


Have you ever felt like a wounded cow
halfway between an oven and a pasture?
walking in a trance toward a pregnant
	seventeen-year-old housewife's
	two-day-old cookbook?
		-- Richard Brautigan


Not drinking, chasing women, or doing drugs won't
make you live longer -- it just seems that way.


	Two parent drops spent months teaching their son how to be part of the
ocean.  After months of training, the father drop commented to the mother drop,
"We've taught our boy everything we know, he's fit to be tide."
	After Snow White used a couple rolls of film taking pictures of the
seven dwarfs, she mailed the roll to be developed.  Later she was heard to
sing, "Some day my prints will come."
	A boy spent years collecting postage stamps.  The girl next door bought
an album too, and started her own collection.  "Dad, she buys everything I've
bought, and it's taken all the fun out of it for me.  I'm quitting."  Don't,
son, remember, 'Imitation is the sincerest form of philately.'"
	A young girl, Carmen Cohen, was called by her last name by her father,
and her first name by her mother.  By the time she was ten, didn't know if she
was Carmen or Cohen.
	Against his wishes, a math teacher's classroom was remodeled.  Ever
since, he's been talking about the good old dais.  His students planted a small
orchard in his honor, the trees all have square roots.


There are a lot of lies going around.... and half of them are true.
		-- Winston Churchill


Beef stroganoff, n.:
	A bull masturbating.


I cannot believe that God plays dice with the cosmos.
		-- Albert Einstein, on the randomness of quantum mechanics


Most people have a mind that's open by appointment only.


JOHN PAUL ELECTED POPE!!

(George and Ringo miffed.)


A nuclear war can ruin your whole day.


They couldn't hit an elephant at this dist...
		-- Civil War General John Sedgwick, his last words,
		   Battle of Spotsylvania Court House, 1864


Canada Bill Jones's Motto:
	It's morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money.

Canada Bill Jones's Supplement:
	A Smith and Wesson beats four aces.


You'd better beat it.  You can leave in a taxi.  If you can't get a
taxi, you can leave in a huff.  If that's too soon, you can leave in a
minute and a huff.
		-- Groucho Marx


We'll know that rock is dead when you have to get a degree to work in it.


When democracy granted democratic methods to us in times of opposition, this
was bound to happen in a democratic system.  However, we National Socialists
never asserted that we represented a democratic point of view, but we have
declared openly that we used the democratic methods only to gain power and
that, after assuming the power, we would deny to our adversaries without any
consideration the means which were granted to us in times of our opposition.
		-- Josef Goebbels


The operator's left hand quivered as she gingerly unlatched the
catch to the diskette reader.  Uncontrollably, she reached down,
guiding the sharply pointed diskette into the deep, dark slot.
The floppy diskette nearly folded under the repeated thrusts of
her hand, until finally she could control it no longer, her right
hand instinctively taking an option zero.  And then it all came at
once, thousands upon thousands of data bits flowing from diskette
to disk in a torrent of torrid transfer, as the helpless legs
of the 32 strained to remain on the floor.


I hate dying.
		-- Dave Johnson


QOTD:
	"My mother was the travel agent for guilt trips."


The `loner' may be respected, but he is always resented by his colleagues,
for he seems to be passing a critical judgment on them, when he may be
simply making a limiting statement about himself.
		-- Sidney Harris


Avec!


Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants.
		-- General Omar N. Bradley


It's Like This

Even the samurai
have teddy bears,
and even the teddy bears
get drunk.


To stay young requires unceasing cultivation
of the ability to unlearn old falsehoods.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough For Love"


If there is a possibility of several things going wrong, the one that
will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong.


A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.


Flying is the second greatest feeling you can have.  The greatest feeling?
Landing...  Landing is the greatest feeling you can have.


At first, I just did it on weekends.  With a few friends, you know...
We never wanted to hurt anyone.  The girls loved it.  We'd all sit
around the computer and do a little UNIX.  It was just a kick.  At
least that's what we thought.  Then it got worse.

It got so I'd have to do some UNIX during the weekdays.  After a
while, I couldn't even wake up in the morning without having that
crave to go do UNIX.  Then it started affecting my job.  I would just
have to do it during my break.  Maybe a `grep' or two, maybe a little
`more'.  I eventually started doing UNIX just to get through the day.
Of course, it screwed up my mind so much that I couldn't even
function as a normal person.

I'm lucky today, I've overcome my UNIX problem.  It wasn't easy.  If
you're smart, just don't start.  Remember, if any weirdo offers you
some UNIX,

	Just Say No!


He who farts in church must sit in his own pew.


X windows:
	Accept any substitute.
	If it's broke, don't fix it.
	If it ain't broke, fix it.
	Form follows malfunction.
	The Cutting Edge of Obsolescence.
	The trailing edge of software technology.
	Armageddon never looked so good.
	Japan's secret weapon.
	You'll envy the dead.
	Making the world safe for competing window systems.
	Let it get in YOUR way.
	The problem for your problem.
	If it starts working, we'll fix it.  Pronto.
	It could be worse, but it'll take time.
	Simplicity made complex.
	The greatest productivity aid since typhoid.
	Flakey and built to stay that way.

One thousand monkeys.  One thousand MicroVAXes.  One thousand years.
	X windows.


It got to the point where I had to get a haircut
or both feet firmly planted in the air.


In /users3 did Kubla Kahn
A stately pleasure dome decree,
Where /bin, the sacred river ran
Through Test Suites measureless to Man
Down to a sunless C.


Then a man said: Speak to us of Expectations.

He then said: If a man does not see or hear the waters of the Jordan,
then he should not taste the pomegranate or ply his wares in an open
market.

If a man would not labour in the salt and rock quarries then he should
not accept of the Earth that which he refuses to give of himself.

Such a man would expect a pear of a peach tree.
Such a man would expect a stone to lay an egg.
Such a man would expect Sears to assemble a lawnmower.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"


When someone says "I want a programming language in
which I need only say what I wish done," give him a lollipop.


If a person (a) is poorly, (b) receives treatment intended to make him better,
and (c) gets better, then no power of reasoning known to medical science can
convince him that it may not have been the treatment that restored his health.
		-- Sir Peter Medawar, "The Art of the Soluble"


Every harlot was a virgin once.
		-- William Blake


Ever feel like you're the head pin on life's
bowling alley, and everyone's rolling strikes?


GARTER:
	An elastic band intended to keep a woman
	from coming out of her stockings and desolating the country.


Stop searching.  Happiness is right next to you.
Now, if they'd only take a bath...


The bomb will never go off.  I speak as an expert in explosives.
		-- Admiral William Leahy, U.S. Atomic Bomb Project


Why do seagulls live near the sea?
'Cause if they lived near the bay, they'd be called baygulls.


When in doubt, lead trump.


Last night I met upon the stair
A little man who wasn't there.
He wasn't there again today.
Gee how I wish he'd go away!


Harry's bar has a new cocktail.  It's called MRS punch.  They make it with
milk, rum and sugar and it's wonderful.  The milk is for vitality and the
sugar is for pep.  They put in the rum so that people will know what to do
with all that pep and vitality.


All theoretical chemistry is really physics;
and all theoretical chemists know it.
		-- Richard P. Feynman


Meskimen's Law:
	There's never time to do it right, but there's always time to
	do it over.


The soul would have no rainbow had the eyes no tears.


Q:	How do you play religious roulette?
A:	You stand around in a circle and blaspheme and see who gets struck
	by lightning first.


Silverman's Law:
	If Murphy's Law can go wrong, it will.


XXI:
	It's easy to get a loan unless you need it.
XXII:
	If stock market experts were so expert, they would be buying stock,
	not selling advice.
XXIII:
	Any task can be completed in only one-third more time than is
	currently estimated.
XXIV:
	The only thing more costly than stretching the schedule of an
	established project is accelerating it, which is itself the most
	costly action known to man.
XXV:
	A revised schedule is to business what a new season is to an athlete
	or a new canvas to an artist.
		-- Norman Augustine


They're giving bank robbing a bad name.
		-- John Dillinger, on Bonnie and Clyde


A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore.
		-- Yogi Berra


Too often people have come to me and said, "If I had just one wish for
anything in all the world, I would wish for more user-defined equations
in the HP-51820A Waveform Generator Software."
		-- Instrument News
		   [Once is too often.  Ed.]


I have just had eighteen whiskeys in a row.
I do believe that is a record.
		-- Dylan Thomas, his last words


The difference between reality and unreality
is that reality has so little to recommend it.
		-- Allan Sherman


And the silence came surging softly backwards
When the plunging hooves were gone...
		-- Walter de La Mare, "The Listeners"


Vegetarians for oral sex -- "The only meat that's fit to eat"


Working hard around here is like pissing on yourself in a dark suit;
you get a warm feeling but nobody notices.


FORTRAN is the language of Powerful Computers.
		-- Steven Feiner


The only winner in the War of 1812 was Tchaikovsky.
		-- David Gerrold


Simon's Law:
	Everything put together falls apart sooner or later.


The sum of the intelligence of the world is constant.
The population is, of course, growing.


Learn from other people's mistakes, you don't have time to make your own.


A stunning blonde, but probably all bean dip above the eyebrows.


		      THE STORY OF CREATION
				or
			 THE MYTH OF URK

In the beginning there was data.  The data was without form and null,
and darkness was upon the face of the console; and the Spirit of IBM
was moving over the face of the market.  And DEC said, "Let there be
registers"; and there were registers.  And DEC saw that they carried;
and DEC separated the data from the instructions.  DEC called the data
Stack, and the instructions they called Code.  And there was evening
and there was morning, one interrupt ...
		-- Rico Tudor


If all men were brothers, would you let one marry your sister?


WHEN YOU'RE RIDING IN A TIME MACHINE way far into the future, don't stick
your elbow out the window or it'll turn into a fossil.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


He has not acquired a fortune; the fortune has acquired him.
		-- Bion


You will always get the greatest recognition for the job you least like.


You know, the difference between this company and
the Titanic is that the Titanic had paying customers.


There are places I'll remember
All my life though some have changed.
Some forever not for better
Some have gone and some remain.
All these places had their moments
With lovers and friends I still recall.
Some are dead and some are living,
In my life I've loved them all.

But of all these friends and lovers,
There is no one compared with you,
All these memories lose their meaning
When I think of love as something new.
Though I know I'll never lose affection
For people and things that went before,
I know I'll often stop and think about them
In my life I'll love you more.
		-- Lennon/McCartney, "In My Life", 1965


When your life is a leaf that the seasons tear off and condemn
They will bind you with love that is graceful and green as a stem.
		-- Leonard Cohen, "Sisters of Mercy"


If the standard says that [things] depend on the phase of the moon,
the programmer should be prepared to look out the window as necessary.
		-- Chris Torek


But officer, I was only trying to gain enough speed so I could coast
to the nearest gas station.


Elephant, n.:
	A mouse built to government specifications.


The soul would have no rainbow had the eyes no tears.


Carney's Law: There's at least a 50-50 chance that someone will print
the name Craney incorrectly.
		-- Jim Canrey


In case of fire, stand in the hall and shout "Fire!"
		-- The Kidner Report


Above all things, reverence yourself.


Peeping Tom:
	A window fan.


As I was walking down the street one dark and dreary day,
I came upon a billboard and much to my dismay,
The words were torn and tattered,
From the storm the night before,
The wind and rain had done its work and this is how it goes,

Smoke Coca-Cola cigarettes, chew Wrigleys Spearmint beer,
Ken-L-Ration dog food makes your complexion clear,
Simonize your baby in a Hershey candy bar,
And Texaco's a beauty cream that's used by every star.

Take your next vacation in a brand new Frigidaire,
Learn to play the piano in your winter underwear,
Doctors say that babies should smoke until they're three,
And people over sixty-five should bathe in Lipton tea.


