Morris left for a two-day business trip to Chicago.  He was only a few
blocks from his house, when he realized that he had left the airplane
tickets on his bureau top.  He returned and quietly entered the house.
His wife, in her skimpiest negligee, was standing at the sink washing
the breakfast dishes.  She looked so inviting that he tiptoed up behind
her, reached out, and squeezed her breast.
	"Leave only one quart of milk," she said. "Morris won't be here
for breakfast tomorrow."


	"Well," said Programmer, "the customary procedure in such cases is
as follows."
	"What does Crustimoney Proseedcake mean?" said End-user.  "For I am
an End-user of Very Little Brain, and long words bother me."
	"It means the Thing to Do."
	"As long as it means that, I don't mind," said End-user humbly.


British Israelites:
	The British Israelites believe the white Anglo-Saxons of Britain to
be descended from the ten lost tribes of Israel deported by Sargon of Assyria
on the fall of Sumeria in 721 B.C. ... They further believe that the future
can be foretold by the measurements of the Great Pyramid, which probably
means it will be big and yellow and in the hand of the Arabs.  They also
believe that if you sleep with your head under the pillow a fairy will come
and take all your teeth.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


	If I kiss you, that is a psychological interaction.
	On the other hand, if I hit you over the head with a brick,
that is also a psychological interaction.
	The difference is that one is friendly and the other is not
so friendly.
	The crucial point is if you can tell which is which.
		-- Dolph Sharp, "I'm O.K., You're Not So Hot"


Will Rogers never met you.


	Several students were asked to prove that all odd integers are prime.
	The first student to try to do this was a math student.  "Hmmm...
Well, 1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, and by induction, we have that all
the odd integers are prime."
	The second student to try was a man of physics who commented, "I'm not
sure of the validity of your proof, but I think I'll try to prove it by
experiment."  He continues, "Well, 1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, 7 is
prime, 9 is...  uh, 9 is... uh, 9 is an experimental error, 11 is prime, 13
is prime...  Well, it seems that you're right."
	The third student to try it was the engineering student, who responded,
"Well, to be honest, actually, I'm not sure of your answer either.  Let's
see...  1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, 7 is prime, 9 is... uh, 9 is...
well, if you approximate, 9 is prime, 11 is prime, 13 is prime...  Well, it
does seem right."
	Not to be outdone, the computer science student comes along and says
"Well, you two sort've got the right idea, but you'll end up taking too long!
I've just whipped up a program to REALLY go and prove it."  He goes over to
his terminal and runs his program.  Reading the output on the screen he says,
"1 is prime, 1 is prime, 1 is prime, 1 is prime..."


Many people feel that they deserve some kind of
recognition for all the bad things they haven't done.


Operator, please trace this call and tell me where I am.


Confession is good for the soul, but bad for the career.


In a display of perverse brilliance, Carl the repairman mistakes a room
humidifier for a mid-range computer but manages to tie it into the network
anyway.
		-- The 5th Wave


Life is like a penis: when it's soft you can't beat it, and when it's
hard you get fucked.


McCoy's a seducer galore,
And of virgins he has quite a score.
	He tells them, "My dear,
	You're the Final Frontier,
Where man never has gone before."


	"Sir", said the beggar, "can you spare fifty dollars for a cup of
coffee?"
	"Fifty dollars for a cup of coffee, one should be sufficient!",
answered the gentleman, rather shortly.
	"I know", replied the beggar, "but coffee always makes me horny."


A pickup with three guys in it pulls into the lumber yard.  One of the men
gets out and goes into the office.
	"I need some four-by-two's," he says.
	"You must mean two-by-four's" replies the clerk.
	The man scratches his head.  "Wait a minute," he says, "I'll go
check."
	Back, after an animated conversation with the other occupants of the
truck, he reassures the clerk, that, yes, in fact, two-by-fours would be
acceptable.
	"OK," says the clerk, writing it down, "how long you want 'em?"
	The guy gets the blank look again.  "Uh... I guess I better go
check," he says.
	He goes back out to the truck, and there's another animated
conversation.  The guy comes back into the office.  "A long time," he says,
"we're building a house".


It's is not, it isn't ain't, and it's it's, not its, if you mean it is.
If you don't, it's its.  Then too, it's hers.  It isn't her's.  It isn't
our's either.  It's ours, and likewise yours and theirs.
		-- Oxford University Press, "Edpress News"


Peter Fellgett's wildcard recipe:
	Into a clean dish, place the dry ingredients and add the
	liquids until the right consistency is obtained. Turn out
	into suitable containers and cook until done.


With the end of the football season, a star player for the college team
celebrated the relaxation of team curfew by attending a late-night campus
party.  Soon after arriving, he became captivated by a beautiful coed and
eased into a conversation with her by asking if she met many dates at
parties.
	"Oh, I have a three point eight, so I'm much more attracted to the
strong academic types than to the dumb party animals," she said.  "What's
your G.P.A.?"
	Grinning ear to ear, the jock boasted, "I get about twenty-five in
the city and forty on the highway."


QOTD:
	"Every morning I read the obituaries; if my name's not there,
	I go to work."


I wish you were a Scotch on the rocks.


Higher education helps your earning capacity.  Ask any college professor.


The reason Roman Catholics are allowed to use the
rhythm method of birth control is that it doesn't work.


"Algorithms" is an anagram for "Hilt orgasm".  Maybe this explains
the popularity of this field of study in computer science.


I think any man in business would be foolish to fool around
with his secretary.  If it's somebody else's secretary, fine.
		-- Barry Goldwater


Be assured that a walk through the ocean of most Souls would scarcely
get your Feet wet.  Fall not in Love, therefore: it will stick to your
face.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


Ban the bomb.  Save the world for conventional warfare.


Andrea: Unhappy the land that has no heroes.
Galileo: No, unhappy the land that _n_e_e_d_s heroes.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "Life of Galileo"


	How many seconds are there in a year?  If I tell you there are
3.155  x  10^7, you won't even try to remember it.  On the other hand, who
could forget that, to within half a percent, pi seconds is a nanocentury.
		-- Tom Duff, Bell Labs


Living in New York City gives people real incentives
to want things that nobody else wants.
		-- Andy Warhol


Here comes the orator, with his flood of words and his drop of reason.


There are two kinds of solar-heat systems: "passive" systems collect
the sunlight that hits your home, and "active" systems collect the
sunlight that hits your neighbors' homes, too.
		-- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"


Hate the sin and love the sinner.
		-- Mahatma Gandhi


Any priest or shaman must be presumed guilty until proved innocent.
		-- Lazarus Long


If you live in New York, even if you're Catholic, you're Jewish.
		-- Lenny Bruce


Sodomy, fellatio, cunnilingus, pederasty,
Father, why do these words sound so nasty?
		-- Hair


