I B M
U B M
We all B M
For I B M!!!!
		-- H.A.R.L.I.E.


Oh give me a home, where the bookmakers roam,
Where the beer and the whiskey flows free,
Where never is heard, a discouraging word,
And the call-girls keep callin' for me!


Russia has abolished God, but so far God has been more tolerant.
		-- John Cameron Swayze


When he tried to inject his huge whanger
A young man aroused his girl's anger.
	As they strove in the dark
	She was heard to remark,
"What you need is a zeppelin hanger."


ADA:
	Something you need only know the name of to be an Expert in
	Computing.  Useful in sentences like, "We had better develop
	an ADA awareness.
		-- "Datamation", January 15, 1984


We'll pivot at warp 2 and bring all tubes to bear, Mr. Sulu!


Hypocrite, n.:
	A man who says he likes cats, but won't eat pussy.


MORE SPORTS RESULTS:
The Beverly Hills Freudians tied the Chicago Rogerians 0-0 last Saturday
night.  The match started with a long period of silence while the Freudians
waited for the Rogerians to free associate and the Rogerians waited for
the Freudians to say something they could paraphrase.  The stalemate was
broken when the Freudians' best player took the offensive and interpreted
the Rogerians' silence as reflecting their anal-retentive personalities.
At this the Rogerians' star player said "I hear you saying you think we're
full of ka-ka."  This started a fight and the match was called by officials.


90% of the work takes 90% of the time.
The remaining 10% takes the other 90% of the time.


If in doubt, mumble.


QOTD:
	"Every morning I read the obituaries; if my name's not there,
	I go to work."


The Commandments of the EE:

5:	Take care that thou useth the proper method when thou takest the
	measures of high-voltage circuits too, that thou dost not incinerate
	both thee and thy test meter, for verily, though thou has no company
	property number and can be easily surveyed, the test meter has
	one and, as a consequence, bringeth much woe unto a purchasing agent.
6:	Take care that thou tamperest not with interlocks and safety devices,
	for this incurreth the wrath of the chief electrician and bring
	the fury of the engineers on his head.
7:	Work thou not on energized equipment for if thou doest so, thy
	friends will surely be buying beers for thy widow and consoling
	her in certain ways not generally acceptable to thee.
8:	Verily, verily I say unto thee, never service equipment alone,
	for electrical cooking is a slow process and thou might sizzle in
	thy own fat upon a hot circuit for hours on end before thy maker
	sees fit to end thy misery and drag thee into his fold.


Put cats in the coffee and mice in the tea!


Trouble strikes in series of threes, but when working around the house the
next job after a series of three is not the fourth job -- it's the start of
a brand new series of three.


There are no rules for March.  March is spring, sort
of, usually, March means maybe, but don't bet on it.


If you are going to walk on thin ice, you may as well dance.


Cruickshank's Law of Committees:
	If a committee is allowed to discuss a bad idea long enough, it
	will inevitably decide to implement the idea simply because so
	much work has already been done on it.


New Hampshire law forbids you to tap your feet, nod your head, or in
any way keep time to the music in a tavern, restaurant, or cafe.


Some husbands are living proof that a woman can take a joke.


C for yourself.


CF&C stole it, fair and square.
		-- Tim Hahn


LIBRA (Sept 23 - Oct 23)
	Major achievements, new friends, and a previously unexplored way
	to make a lot of money will come to a lot of people today, but
	unfortunately you won't be one of them.  Consider not getting out
	of bed today.


IOT trap -- core dumped


Women are wiser than men because they know less and understand more.
		-- Stephens


No wonder Clairol makes so much money selling shampoo.
Lather, Rinse, Repeat is an infinite loop!


The search for the perfect martini is a fraud.  The perfect martini is
a belt of gin from the bottle; anything else is the decadent trappings
of civilization.
		-- T. K.


Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.


It was a warm, sunny Sunday, and a man and his wife decided to take in the zoo.
They spent the day, and at closing time they walked past the gorilla cage, and
the man noticed the gorilla looking at his wife.  "That gorilla is getting
excited just looking at your tits," he said.  "Why don't you take your blouse
off and we'll see what he does?"
	At first she refused.  But finally persuaded by her husband, she took
off her blouse and bra.  The gorilla went nuts.  He started grunting and
jumping up and down.
	"Hey," the husband said, "let's really blow his mind.  Take off all
your clothes and we'll see what he does."
	Again she said no and again he persuaded her.  This time the ape
really went bananas!  He climbed up and down the bars, did flips, ran around
in circles and tossed his food all over the cage.  The husband went over to
the cage, opened the door and pushed his wife in.
	"Now," said the husband, "tell that motherfucker you have a headache!"


Cursor address, n.:
	"Hello, cursor!"
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


Be braver -- you can't cross a chasm in two small jumps.


Criticism comes easier than craftsmanship.
		-- Zeuxis


Man must shape his tools lest they shape him.
		-- Arthur R. Miller


The mother of the year should be a sterilized woman with two
adopted children.
		-- Paul Ehrlich


Poorman's Rule:
	When you pull a plastic garbage bag from its handy dispenser
	package, you always get hold of the closed end and try to
	pull it open.


If he should ever change his faith,
it'll be because he no longer thinks he's God.


Live fast, die young, and leave a good looking corpse.
		-- James Dean


Just yesterday morning, they let me know you were gone,
Suzanne, the plans they made put an end to you,
I went out this morning and I wrote down this song,
Just can't remember who to send it to...

Oh, I've seen fire and I've seen rain,
I've seen sunny days that I thought would never end,
I've seen lonely times when I could not find a friend,
But I always thought that I'd see you again.
Thought I'd see you one more time again.
		-- James Taylor, "Fire and Rain"


Prisons are built with stones of Law, brothels with bricks of Religion.
		-- Blake


The trouble with money is it costs too much!


'Twas brillig, and the slithy toves
Did gyre and gimble in the wabe.	"Beware the Jabberwock, my son!
All mimsy were the borogroves		The jaws that bite, the claws
And the mome raths outgrabe.			that catch!
					Beware the Jubjub bird,
He took his vorpal sword in hand	And shun the frumious Bandersnatch!"
Long time the manxome foe he sought.
So rested he by the tumtum tree		And as in uffish thought he stood
And stood awhile in thought.		The Jabberwock, with eyes aflame
					Came whuffling through the tulgey wood
One! Two! One! Two!  And through and	And burbled as it came!
	through
The vorpal blade went snicker-snack.	"Hast thou slain the Jabberwock?
He left it dead, and took its head,	Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
And went galumphing back.		Oh frabjous day!  Calooh!  Callay!"
					He chortled in his joy.
'Twas brillig, and the slithy toves
Did gyre and gimble in the wabe.
All mimsy were the borogroves
And the mome raths outgrabe.
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Jabberwocky"


Dr. Fritzkee's Lucky Astrology Diet

The problem with the diets of today is that most women who do achieve
that magic weight, seventy-six pounds, are still fat.  Dr. Fritzkee's
Lucky Astrology Diet is a sure-fire method of reducing with the added
luxury that you never feel hungry.

Here's how the diet works:

	FOODS ALLOWED
First Month:	One egg
Second Month:	A raisin
Third Month:	Pumpkin pie with whipped cream and chocolate sauce.

If after the third month you haven't gotten to your dream weight, try
lopping off parts of your body until those scales tip just right for you.


Don't look now -- your office mate is a pederast!!!


XIIdigitation, n.:
	The practice of trying to determine the year a movie was made
	by deciphering the Roman numerals at the end of the credits.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Life is like a shit sandwich.  The more bread
you have, the less shit you have to eat.


Things Charles Darwin did not say:

Nah, it's only a theory - I don't think it should be taught in schools.


A computer science student on an exam:

	According to Shannon, information has entropy.  Entropy is just
	a mathematical trick to introduce temperature.  Consequently,
	information has temperature.  Hence there are hot news and cool
	news.


Kids have *_n_e_v_e_r* taken guidance from their parents.  If you could
travel back in time and observe the original primate family in the
original tree, you would see the primate parents yelling at the primate
teenager for sitting around and sulking all day instead of hunting for
grubs and berries like dad primate.  Then you'd see the primate
teenager stomp up to his branch and slam the leaves.
		-- Dave Barry, "Kids Today: They Don't Know Dum Diddly Do"


I do not know whether I was then a man dreaming I was a
butterfly, or whether I am now a butterfly dreaming I am a man.
		-- Chuang Tzu


An ambassador is an honest man sent abroad
to lie and intrigue for the benefit of his country.
		-- Sir Henry Wotton (1568-1639)


What good is it if you talk in flowers, and they think in pastry?
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


You are dishonest, but never to the point of hurting a friend.


They spell it "da Vinci" and pronounce it "da Vinchy".  Foreigners
always spell better than they pronounce.
		-- Mark Twain


What publishers are looking for these days isn't radical feminism.
It's corporate feminism -- a brand of feminism designed to sell books
and magazines, three-piece suits, airline tickets, Scotch, cigarettes
and, most important, corporate America's message, which runs:  Yes,
women were discriminated against in the past, but that unfortunate
mistake has been remedied; now every woman can attain wealth, prestige
and power by dint of individual rather than collective effort.
		-- Susan Gordon


Life is like an analogy.


Q:	How many existentialists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	Two.  One to screw it in and one to observe how the lightbulb
	itself symbolizes a single incandescent beacon of subjective
	reality in a netherworld of endless absurdity reaching out toward a
	maudlin cosmos of nothingness.


Obviously the only rational solution to your problem is suicide.


Kill 'em all, and let God sort 'em out.


To defend the Saigon regime is not worth one more human life.
		-- Senator Edmund Muskie


He is no lawyer who cannot take two sides.


I've got my ANSI C Reference book right here but it doesn't say anything
about getting raped in the ass as part of the official C language (maybe
I should get a C++ reference manual).
		-- Deuce, Jerk City


Hear about...
	the elderly gentleman who was stung on the privates by a bee and
	asked the doctor to relieve the pain but leave the swelling?


I once had the wife of a Dean
Seven times while the Dean was out skiin'.
	She remarked with some gaiety,
	"Not bad for the laiety,
Though the Bishop once managed thirteen."


Senate, n.:
	A body of elderly gentlemen charged with high duties and
	misdemeanors.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Do you know Montana?


What, after all, is a halo?  It's only one more thing to keep clean.
		-- Christopher Fry


Old King Cole
Was a merry old soul,
A merry old soul was he!
He called for his pipe,
And he called for his bowl,
And he fiddled with his call girls three!


A LISP programmer knows the value of
everything, but the cost of nothing.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


There is a certain impertinence in allowing oneself to be burned for an
opinion.
		-- Anatole France


WE'LL LOOK INTO IT:
	By the time the wheels make a full turn, we
	assume you will have forgotten about it,too.


Drive defensively, buy a tank.


In /users3 did Kubla Kahn
A stately pleasure dome decree,
Where /bin, the sacred river ran
Through Test Suites measureless to Man
Down to a sunless C.


Sentient plasmoids are a gas.


To understand a program you must become both the machine and the program.


A beginning is the time for taking the
most delicate care that balances are correct.
		-- Princess Irulan, "Manual of Maud'Dib"


Programmers do it until it goes down.


Good evening, gentlemen.  I am a HAL 9000 computer.  I became operational
at the HAL plant in Urbana, Illinois, on January 11th, nineteen hundred
ninety-five.  My supervisor was Mr. Langley, and he taught me to sing a
song.  If you would like, I could sing it for you.


Well, we're big rock singers, we've got golden fingers,
And we're loved everywhere we go.
We sing about beauty, and we sing about truth,
At ten thousand dollars a show.
We take all kind of pills to give us all kind of thrills,
But the thrill we've never known,
Is the thrill that'll get'cha, when you get your picture,
On the cover of the Rolling Stone.

I got a freaky old lady, name of Cole King Katie,
Who embroiders on my jeans.
I got my poor old gray-haired daddy,
Drivin' my limousine.
Now it's all designed, to blow our minds,
But our minds won't be really be blown;
Like the blow that'll get'cha, when you get your picture,
On the cover of the Rolling Stone.

We got a lot of little, teen-aged, blue-eyed groupies,
Who'll do anything we say.
We got a genuine Indian guru, that's teachin' us a better way.
We got all the friends that money can buy,
So we never have to be alone.
And we keep gettin' richer, but we can't get our picture,
On the cover of the Rolling Stone.
		-- Dr. Hook and the Medicine Show
		   [They eventually DID make the cover of RS. Ed.]


I got vision, and the rest of the world wears bifocals.
		-- Butch Cassidy


Spend extra time on hobby.  Get plenty of rolling papers.


Colvard's Logical Premises:
	All probabilities are 50%.
Either a thing will happen or it won't.

Colvard's Unconscionable Commentary:
	This is especially true when
	dealing with someone you're attracted to.

Grelb's Commentary:
	Likelihoods, however, are 90% against you.


/* Haley */

	(Haley's comment.)


You don't become a failure until you're satisfied with being one.


Computer programmers do it byte by byte.


Hear that...
	bookstores will soon be stocking a volume called "The Unsensuous
	Census Taker".  It's about a guy who comes once every ten years?


Fast, cheap, good: pick two.


When you are about to do an objective and scientific piece of investigation
of a topic, it is well to have the answer firmly in hand, so that you can
proceed forthrightly, without being deflected or swayed, directly to the
goal.
		-- Amrom Katz


Manual, n.:
	A unit of documentation.  There are always three or more on a given
	item.  One is on the shelf; someone has the others.  The information
	you need is in the others.
		-- Ray Simard


British Israelites:
	The British Israelites believe the white Anglo-Saxons of Britain to
be descended from the ten lost tribes of Israel deported by Sargon of Assyria
on the fall of Sumeria in 721 B.C. ... They further believe that the future
can be foretold by the measurements of the Great Pyramid, which probably
means it will be big and yellow and in the hand of the Arabs.  They also
believe that if you sleep with your head under the pillow a fairy will come
and take all your teeth.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Halley's Comet: It came, we saw, we drank.


The Phone Booth Rule:
	A lone dime always gets the number nearly right.


I choked Linda Lovelace.


BASIC, n.:
	A programming language.  Related to certain social diseases in
	that those who have it will not admit it in polite company.


Some people call them "cars" or "trucks"; I call them "dimensional
transmogrifiers" because they change three-dimensional cats into
two-dimensional ones.
		-- F. Frederick Skitty


The best book on programming for the layman is "Alice in Wonderland";
but that's because it's the best book on anything for the layman.


Dear Miss Manners:
I carry a big black umbrella, even if there's just a thirty percent chance of
rain.  May I ask a young lady who is a stranger to me to share its protection?
This morning, I was waiting for a bus in comparative comfort, my umbrella
protecting me from the downpour, and noticed an attractive young woman getting
soaked.  I have often seen her at my bus stop, although we have never spoken,
and I don't even know her name.  Could I have asked her to get under my
umbrella without seeming insulting?

Gentle Reader:
Certainly.  Consideration for those less fortunate than you is always proper,
although it would be more convincing if you stopped babbling about how
attractive she is.  In order not to give Good Samaritanism a bad name, Miss
Manners asks you to allow her two or three rainy days of unmolested protection
before making your attack.


What is the difficulty with writing a PDP-8 program to emulate Jerry
Ford?

Figuring out what to do with the other 3K.


The Marines:
	The few, the proud, the not very bright.


The prick of the engineer, Scott,
Fell off from Saturnian rot.
	He went to the basement
	And made a replacement
Of tungsten and plastic and snot.


Said President Jobcock one day:
"War's better than love, I should say.
	Instead of a virgin,
	It's murder I'm urgin'--
You get lots more blood that-a-way."


Moe:	Wanna play poker tonight?
Joe:	I can't. It's the kids' night out.
Moe:	So?
Joe:	I gotta stay home with the nurse.


The term "fire" brings up visions of violence and mayhem and the ugly scene
of shooting employees who make mistakes.  We will now refer to this process
as "deleting" an employee (much as a file is deleted from a disk).  The
employee is simply there one instant, and gone the next.  All the terrible
temper tantrums, crying, and threats are eliminated.
		-- Kenny's Korner


Yesterday upon the stair
I met a man who wasn't there.
He wasn't there again today --
I think he's from the CIA.


Ten of the meanest cons in the state pen met in the corner of the yard to
shoot some craps.  The stakes were enormous, the tension palpable.
	When his turn came to shoot, Dutsky nervously plunked down his
entire wad, shook the dice and rolled.  A smile crossed his face as a
seven showed up, but it quickly changed to horror as third die slipped out
of his sleeve and fell to the ground with the two others.  No one said a
word.  Finally, Killer Lucci picked up the third die, put it in his pocket
and handed the others to Dutsky.
	"Roll 'em," Lucci said.  "Your point is thirteen."


The quality of a pun is in the "Oy!" of the beholder.


Happiness isn't having what you want, it's wanting what you have.


	"The jig's up, Elman."
	"Which jig?"
		-- Jeff Elman


For a man to truly understand rejection, he must first be ignored by a
cat.


Some companies idea of playing ball is, you play ball with us,
and we'll stick the fucking bat up your ass.


There is a God, but He drinks.
		-- Blore


The world is full of people who have never, since
childhood, met an open doorway with an open mind.
		-- E. B. White


No man would listen to you talk if he didn't know it was his turn next.
		-- Edgar W. Howe


During the next two hours, the system will be going up and down several
times, often with lin~po_~{po       ~poz~ppo\~{ o n~po_~{o[po	 ~y oodsou>#w4k**n~po_~{ol;lkld;f;g;dd;po\~{o


Cried Miss Pratt: "What are you staring at?
I know - you don't have to say that!
	All you guys want of me
	Is a poke where I pee,
And it's pounding my ass mighty flat!"


QOTD:
	"It *was* wonderfully polite of me.  Usually I call the kind of
	cretinous dipshit that pisses me off a 'fucking asshole.'"
		-- Richard Sexton


	It was April the 41st, being a quadruple leap year.  I was driving
in downtown Atlantis.  My Barracuda was in the shop, so I was in a rented
Stingray, and it was overheating.  So I pulled into a Shell station.  They
said I'd blown a seal.  I said, "Fix the damn thing and leave my private
life out of it, okay, pal?"  While they were doing that, I walked over to the
Oyster Bar.  A real dive.  But I knew the owner.  He used to play for the
Dolphins.  I said "Hi, Gil!"  You have to yell -- he's hard of herring.
		-- Kip Addotta, "Wet Dream"


God is dead and I don't feel all too well either....
		-- Ralph Moonen


Those of you who think you know it all upset those of us who do.


QOTD:
	"Of course there's no reason for it, it's just our policy."


