VOLCANO:
	A mountain with hiccups.


I have that old biological urge,
I have that old irresistible surge,
I'm hungry.


Why do mathematicians insist on using words that already have another
meaning?  "It is the complex case that is easier to deal with."  "If it
doesn't happen at a corner, but at an edge, it nonetheless happens at a
corner."


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(18) There is no such thing as "war atrocities." War is an atrocity.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


He played smooch and stinkfinger with Daisy
Till this virgin was gotch-eyed and hazy.
	Then his gargantuan pole in
	Her pink, tight, and swollen
Young cunt just about drove her crazy.


QOTD:
	"Say, you look pretty athletic.  What say we put a pair of tennis
	shoes on you and run you into the wall?"


Q:	How many marketing people does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	I'll have to get back to you on that.


I was playing poker the other night... with Tarot cards.  I got a
full house and four people died.
		-- Steven Wright


Tear leather:
	To become excited, as in the sentence "Robin Hood tore
	his leather jerkin' off."


Painting, n.:
	The art of protecting flat surfaces from the weather, and
	exposing them to the critic.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Oh, so there you are!


She was good at playing abstract confusion in the same way a midget is
good at being short.
		-- Clive James, on Marilyn Monroe


What a strange game.  The only winning move is not to play.
		-- WOP, "War Games"


For I swore I would stay a year away from her; out and alas!
but with break of day I went to make supplication.
		-- Paulus Silentarius, c. 540 A.D.


To restore a sense of reality, I think
Walt Disney should have a Hardluckland.
		-- Jack Paar


	"Darling," he breathed, "after making love I doubt if I'll
be able to get over you -- so would you mind answering the phone?"


She can kill all your files;
She can freeze with a frown.
And a wave of her hand brings the whole system down.
And she works on her code until ten after three.
She lives like a bat but she's always a hacker to me.
		-- Apologies to Billy Joel


"These are DARK TIMES for all mankind's HIGHEST VALUES!"
"These are DARK TIMES for FREEDOM and PROSPERITY!"
"These are GREAT TIMES to put your money on BAD GUY to kick the CRAP
out of MEGATON MAN!"


No one born with a mouth and a need is "innocent".
		-- Greg Bear


Falling in love makes smoking pot all day look like the ultimate in
restraint.
		-- Dave Sim, author of "Cerebus"


You'll never be the man your mother was!


Just because everything is different doesn't mean anything has changed.
		-- Irene Peter


Stupid, n.:
	Losing $25 on the game and $25 on the instant replay.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(22) Morality is not defined by individual choice.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind.
		-- William Shakespeare


There is only one way to be happy by means of the heart -- to have none.
		-- Paul Bourget


White's Statement:
	Don't lose heart!

Owen's Commentary on White's Statement:
	...they might want to cut it out...

Byrd's Addition to Owen's Commentary:
	...and they want to avoid a lengthy search.


All the world's a stage and most of us are desperately un-rehearsed.
		-- Sean O'Casey


It seems intuitively obvious to me, which means that it might be wrong.
		-- Chris Torek


The husband wired home that he had been able to wind up his business trip a
day early and would be home on Thursday.  When he walked into his apartment,
however, he found his wife in bed with another man.  Furious, he picked up his
bag and stormed out.  He met his mother-in-law on the street, told her what
had happened and announced that he was filing for divorce in the morning.
	"Give my daughter a chance to explain before you take any action,"
the older woman pleaded.  Reluctantly, he agreed.
	An hour later his mother-in-law phoned the husband at his club.
"I knew my daughter would have an explanation," she said, a note of triumph
in her voice.  "She didn't receive your telegram!"


A strong conviction that something must be done is the parent of many
bad measures.
		-- Daniel Webster


You are always busy.


Women think of being a man as a gift.  It is a duty.  Even making love can
be a duty.  A man has always got to get it up, and love isn't always enough.
		-- Norman Mailer


Peace is much more precious than a piece
of land... let there be no more wars.
		-- Mohammed Anwar Sadat (1918-1981)


The future is going to be boring.
		-- J. G. Ballard


A penny saved kills your career in government.


A good supervisor can step on your toes without messing up your shine.


I have just enough white in me to make my honesty questionable.
		-- Will Rogers


Education is what survives when what has been learnt has been forgotten.
		-- B. F. Skinner


A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS:

7. PAY YOUR MEDICAL BILLS PROMPTLY AND WILLINGLY.
	You should consider it a privilege to contribute, however modestly,
	to the well-being of physicians and other humanitarians.

8. DO NOT SUFFER FROM AILMENTS THAT YOU CANNOT AFFORD.
	It is sheer arrogance to contract illnesses that are beyond your means.

9. NEVER REVEAL ANY OF THE SHORTCOMINGS THAT HAVE COME TO LIGHT IN THE COURSE
   OF TREATMENT BY YOUR DOCTOR.
	The patient-doctor relationship is a privileged one, and you have a
	sacred duty to protect him from exposure.

10. NEVER DIE WHILE IN YOUR DOCTOR'S PRESENCE OR UNDER HIS DIRECT CARE.
	This will only cause him needless inconvenience and embarrassment.


The only qualities for real success in journalism are ratlike cunning, a
plausible manner and a little literary ability.  The capacity to steal
other people's ideas and phrases ... is also invaluable.
		-- Nicolas Tomalin, "Stop the Press, I Want to Get On"


Handsome woman. -- Lovely bust.
Fine young fellow. -- Stirred-up lust. --
	Babies' diapers. --
	Bottom wipers. --
Years of struggle. -- Coffin. -- Dust.


I can't stand squealers; hit that guy.
		-- Albert Anastasia


Fortune Personals:
	SWBiM, 29.  Gr/Fr/Mild English.  Have
	own moose, hoop.  Sincere inquiries
	only.  Discreet.  Fortune P.O. Box 1910.


	It was April the 41st, being a quadruple leap year.  I was driving
in downtown Atlantis.  My Barracuda was in the shop, so I was in a rented
Stingray, and it was overheating.  So I pulled into a Shell station.  They
said I'd blown a seal.  I said, "Fix the damn thing and leave my private
life out of it, okay, pal?"  While they were doing that, I walked over to the
Oyster Bar.  A real dive.  But I knew the owner.  He used to play for the
Dolphins.  I said "Hi, Gil!"  You have to yell -- he's hard of herring.
		-- Kip Addotta, "Wet Dream"


W. Lafayette may not be the asshole of the universe...
	but you sure as hell can see it from there!


Insanity is the final defense.  It's hard to get a refund when
the salesman is sniffing your crotch and baying at the moon.


Democracy is a device that insures we shall be governed no better than
we deserve.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


She was only:
	a coal digger's daughter, but she'll always be mine.
	a statistician's daughter, but she knew all the standard deviations.
	a wrestler's daughter, but you should have seen her box.
	a moonshiner's daughter, but I loved her still.
	a chimney sweep's daughter, but she sure knew how to haul ash.
	a fireman's daughter, but her face was a cause for alarm.
	a banker's daughter, but she opened her drawers for cash.


	"What are we going to do?"
	"Me, I'm examining the major Western religions.  I'm looking
for something that's soft on morality, generous with holidays, and has a
short initiation period."
		-- Maddie and David, "Moonlighting"


Be careful when a loop exits to the same place from side and bottom.


The only really masterful noise a man makes in a house is the noise
of his key, when he is still on the landing, fumbling for the lock.
		-- Colette


Bloom's Seventh Law of Litigation:
	The judge's jokes are always funny.


Condoms are the feminists' revenge on men for diaphragms.
		-- Robin Williams


The distinction between Jewish and goyish can be quite subtle, as the
following quote from Lenny Bruce illustrates:

	"I'm Jewish.  Count Basie's Jewish.  Ray Charles is Jewish.
Eddie Cantor's goyish.  The B'nai Brith is goyish.  The Hadassah is
Jewish.  Marine Corps -- heavy goyish, dangerous.
	"Kool-Aid is goyish.  All Drake's Cakes are goyish.
Pumpernickel is Jewish and, as you know, white bread is very goyish.
Instant potatoes -- goyish.  Black cherry soda's very Jewish.
Macaroons are _v_e_r_y Jewish.  Fruit salad is Jewish.  Lime Jell-O is
goyish.  Lime soda is _v_e_r_y goyish.  Trailer parks are so goyish that
Jews won't go near them."
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever
remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
		-- Sherlock Holmes, "The Sign of Four"


All [zoos] actually offer to the public in return for the taxes spent
upon them is a form of idle and witless amusement, compared to which a
visit to a penitentiary, or even to a State legislature in session, is
informing, stimulating and ennobling.
		-- H. L. Mencken


You cannot use your friends and have them too.


Knucklehead:	"Knock, knock"
Pee Wee:	"Who's there?"
Knucklehead:	"Little ol' lady."
Pee Wee:	"Liddle ol' lady who?"
Knucklehead:	"I didn't know you could yodel"


Style may not be the answer, but at least it's a workable alternative.


He thought of Musashi, the Sword Saint, standing in his garden more than
three hundred years ago. "What is the 'Body of a rock'?" he was asked.
In answer, Musashi summoned a pupil of his and bid him kill himself by
slashing his abdomen with a knife.  Just as the pupil was about to comply,
the Master stayed his hand, saying, "That is the 'Body of a rock'."
		-- Eric Van Lustbader


	Strange memories on this nervous night in Las Vegas.  Five years later?
Six?  It seems like a lifetime, or at least a Main Era -- the kind of peak that
never comes again.  San Francisco in the middle sixties was a very special time
and place to be a part of.  Maybe it meant something.  Maybe not, in the long
run...  There was madness in any direction, at any hour.  If not across the
Bay, then up the Golden Gate or down 101 to Los Altos or La Honda...  You could
strike sparks anywhere. There was a fantastic universal sense that whatever we
were doing was right, that we were winning...
	And that, I think, was the handle -- that sense of inevitable victory
over the forces of Old and Evil.  Not in any mean or military sense; we didn't
need that. Our energy would simply prevail.  There was no point in fighting
-- on our side or theirs.  We had all the momentum; we were riding the crest
of a high and beautiful wave.  So now, less than five years later, you can go
up on a steep hill in Las Vegas and look West, and with the right kind of eyes
you can almost see the high-water mark -- that place where the wave finally
broke and rolled back.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


This fortune intentionally not included.


Many a family tree needs trimming.


Bus error -- please leave by the rear door.


Traffic signals in New York are just rough guidelines.
		-- David Letterman


My band career ended late in my senior year when John Cooper and I
threw my amplifier out the dormitory window.  We did not act in haste.
First we checked to make sure the amplifier would fit through the
frame, using the belt from my bathrobe to measure, then we picked up
the amplifier and backed up to my bedroom door.  Then we rushed
forward, shouting "The WHO!  The WHO!" and we launched my amplifier
perfectly, as though we had been doing it all our lives, clean through
the window and down onto the sidewalk, where a small but appreciative
crowd had gathered.  I would like to be able to say that this was a
symbolic act, an effort on my part to break cleanly away from one state
in my life and move on to another, but the truth is, Cooper and I
really just wanted to find out what it would sound like.  It sounded
OK.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Snake"


Well, we're big rock singers, we've got golden fingers,
And we're loved everywhere we go.
We sing about beauty, and we sing about truth,
At ten thousand dollars a show.
We take all kind of pills to give us all kind of thrills,
But the thrill we've never known,
Is the thrill that'll get'cha, when you get your picture,
On the cover of the Rolling Stone.

I got a freaky old lady, name of Cole King Katie,
Who embroiders on my jeans.
I got my poor old gray-haired daddy,
Drivin' my limousine.
Now it's all designed, to blow our minds,
But our minds won't be really be blown;
Like the blow that'll get'cha, when you get your picture,
On the cover of the Rolling Stone.

We got a lot of little, teen-aged, blue-eyed groupies,
Who'll do anything we say.
We got a genuine Indian guru, that's teachin' us a better way.
We got all the friends that money can buy,
So we never have to be alone.
And we keep gettin' richer, but we can't get our picture,
On the cover of the Rolling Stone.
		-- Dr. Hook and the Medicine Show
		   [They eventually DID make the cover of RS. Ed.]


The Messiah will come.  There will be a resurrection of the dead -- all
the things that Jews believed in before they got so damn sophisticated.
		-- Rabbi Meir Kahane


God is a polytheist.


I stick my neck out for nobody.
		-- Humphrey Bogart, "Casablanca" (1942)


The first time, it's a KLUDGE!
The second, a trick.
Later, it's a well-established technique!
		-- Mike Broido, Intermetrics


John Birch Society:
	That pathetic manifestation of organized apoplexy.
		-- Edward P. Morgan


When a lot of remedies are suggested for
a disease, that means it can't be cured.
		-- Chekhov, "The Cherry Orchard"


That girl could suck the chrome off a bumper.


The boy stood on the burning deck,
Eating peanuts by the peck.
His father called him, but he could not go,
For he loved those peanuts so.


Minicomputer:
	A computer that can be afforded on the budget of a middle-level
	manager.


The moss on the tree does not fear the talons of the hawk.


Oh Dad!  We're ALL Devo!


If a small child asks you where rain comes from, I think a reasonable response
is simply that "God is crying."  And, if he asks you why God is crying, the
only possible answer is "Probably because of something you did."


Just once, I wish we would encounter
an alien menace that wasn't immune to bullets.
		-- The Brigadier, "Doctor Who"


	A great American Olympic wrestler was receiving last-minute advice
from his coach about the upcoming match with the Soviet Champion.
	"This Russian guy is really good, very strong and quick.  But I think
you can take him.  Remember, though, like I've told you before, don't let
him get you in the Pretzel hold.  With his strength you'd never get out."
	The American leaps onto the mat, and within moments the two behemoths
are going crazy, struggling to get each other pinned.  The American slowly
gains ground and appears that he might actually win on points alone, when, in
the blink of an eye, the Russian reverses him and whips him into the fatal
Pretzel hold.
	The coach, off by the side, shakes his head in dismay, and sits down
on the bench with his head between his hands.  All of a sudden, there's a
scream and the two wrestlers fly apart, the American regaining control and
pinning the Russian.  After the match, in the dressing room, the coach
finally gets the winner alone.  "Great job!  But how the hell did you get out
of the Pretzel Hold?  I thought it was over for sure!"
	"Well, I did too.  I was in the hold, about to be pinned, when I saw
this huge pair of testicles hanging right in front of my eyes.  I figured
what the hell, so I stretched forward and bit them as hard as I could.  Coach,
you just don't know your own strength 'til you've bitten your own balls!"


	The programmers of old were mysterious and profound.  We cannot fathom
their thoughts, so all we do is describe their appearance.
	Aware, like a fox crossing the water.  Alert, like a general on the
battlefield.  Kind, like a hostess greeting her guests. Simple, like uncarved
blocks of wood.  Opaque, like black pools in darkened caves.
	Who can tell the secrets of their hearts and minds?
	The answer exists only in the Tao.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Q:	How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	NONE!  AND THAT'S NOT FUNNY!!

Q:	How many Radcliffe girls does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	It's "Women"...  AND IT'S NOT FUNNY!!


I think she must have been very strictly brought up, she's so
desperately anxious to do the wrong thing correctly.
		-- H. H. Munro, a.k.a. Saki, "Reginald on Worries"


Tax reform means "Don't tax you, don't
tax me, tax that fellow behind the tree."
		-- Russell Long


The young lady had an unusual list,
Linked in part to a structural weakness.
She set no preconditions.


But they'll never mechanize me -- not me!
Said Charlotte, the Louisville harlot.
		-- S.I. Hayakawa


The worst cliques are those which consist of one man.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Scott's first Law:
	No matter what goes wrong, it will probably look right.


Be prepared... that's the Boy Scout's solemn creed.
Be prepared... to be clean in word and deed.
Don't solicit for your sister, that's not nice,
Unless you get a good percentage of her price ...
		-- Tom Lehrer


VUJA DE:
	The feeling that you've *never*, *ever* been in this situation before.


The fountain code has been tightened slightly so you can no longer dip
objects into a fountain or drink from one while you are floating in mid-air
due to levitation.
	Teleporting to hell via a teleportation trap will no longer occur
if the character does not have fire resistance.
		-- README file from the NetHack game


Thank goodness modern convenience is a thing of the remote future.
		-- Pogo, by Walt Kelly


Design, v.:
	What you regret not doing later on.


On the porch of a dude named Horatio,
His girl got a yen for fellatio.
	As she sucked on his dingus
	He tried cunnilingus
But the cops ran 'em off of that patio.


A biologist, a statistician, a mathematician and a computer scientist are on
a photo-safari in Africa.  As they're driving along the savannah in their
jeep, they stop and scout the horizon with their binoculars.

The biologist: "Look!  A herd of zebras!  And there's a white zebra!
	Fantastic!  We'll be famous!"
The statistician: "Hey, calm down, it's not significant.  We only know
	there's one white zebra."
The mathematician: "Actually, we only know there exists a zebra, which is
	white on one side."
The computer scientist : "Oh, no!  A special case!"


Hacking's just another word for nothing left to kludge.


The ideal voice for radio may be defined as showing no substance,
no sex, no owner, and a message of importance for every housewife.
		-- Harry V. Wade


Fishing, with me, has always been an excuse to drink in the daytime.
		-- Jimmy Cannon


Love America - or give it back.


	One evening he spoke.  Sitting at her feet, his face raised to her,
he allowed his soul to be heard.  "My darling, anything you wish, anything
I am, anything I can ever be...  That's what I want to offer you -- not the
things I'll get for you, but the thing in me that will make me able to get
them.  That thing -- a man can't renounce it -- but I want to renounce it --
so that it will be yours -- so that it will be in your service -- only for
you."
	The girl smiled and asked: "Do you think I'm prettier than Maggie
Kelly?"
	He got up.  He said nothing and walked out of the house.  He never
saw that girl again.  Gail Wynand, who prided himself on never needing a
lesson twice, did not fall in love again in the years that followed.
		-- Ayn Rand, "The Fountainhead"


Conceptual integrity in turn dictates that the design must proceed
from one mind, or from a very small number of agreeing resonant minds.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


At times discretion should be thrown aside,
and with the foolish we should play the fool.
		-- Menander


Yinkel, n.:
	A person who combs his hair over his bald spot,
	hoping no one will notice.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


You single-handedly fought your way into this hopeless mess.


Taoism: Shit Happens.
Confucianism: Confucius say, "Shit Happens".
Buddhism: If shit happens, it isn't really shit.
Hinduism: This shit has happened before.
Protestantism: Shit happens, but it happens to someone else.
Catholicism: Shit happens, but you deserved it.
Judaism: Why does shit always happen to US?


People usually get what's coming to them -- unless it's been mailed.


If you think the problem is bad now, just wait until we've solved it.
		-- Arthur Kasspe


The penalty for laughing in a courtroom is six months in jail; if it
were not for this penalty, the jury would never hear the evidence.
		-- H. L. Mencken


