Tell you what," the haberdasher said to a persistent job applicant.  "I've
got one suit I can't sell -- that purple, green and yellow number over there.
If you can make that sale, you've not only got the job, you've got it for
life."
	Then the store owner left for lunch.  When he returned, he was shocked
to see the young man's clothes in tatters and his hands and face bleeding.
	"My God, what happened to you?"
	"I sold the suit!  I sold the suit!" the young man shouted, a smile
on his bloodied lips.
	"Congratulations," the haberdasher said.  "You've got the job.  But
what happened?  Did the customer start a fight?"
	"Oh, no," the new salesman replied.  "But his Seeing Eye dog was
*pissed*."


Beware of friends who are false and deceitful.


Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
		-- Sextus Aurelius


The big difference between sex for money and sex for free is that
sex for money usually costs a lot less.
		-- Brendan Francis


If a 6600 used paper tape instead of core memory, it would use up tape
at about 30 miles/second.
		-- Grishman, Assembly Language Programming


Some peoples mouths work faster than their brains.
They say things they haven't even thought of yet.


If Jesus Christ were to come today, people would not even crucify him.
They would ask him to dinner, and hear what he had to say, and make
fun of it.
		-- Thomas Carlyle


If being bi increases your chance of getting a date,
does being poly increase your chance of getting dumped?


Nurse Jones is a regular on the newsgroup [alt.sex.bondage], and
occasionally has problems with folks harassing her.  She came up
with this in response to one...

	Fortunately, my ego isn't as fragile as that woodpecker's wing.
	When fratboy called me a dyke I told him that actually I was
	bisexual, but that he shouldn't feel threatened because he didn't
	meet either of my standards.  But if it makes you feel more
	comfortable, I said, my husband tied me to the bedposts this
	morning and screwed the daylights out of me.

	"Just think," said

	Nurse Jones,
	 "... that was four
	   hours ago and
	    my sperm count
	     is probably *still*
	      higher than yours."


Il y a une jeune fille amoureuse
D'un homme qu'a une conduite honteuse;
	Il la mene chaque soir
	A son caveau noir
Et la bat avec plaintes crapuleuses.
		-- Edward Gorey


Here I sit, broken-hearted,
All logged in, but work unstarted.
First net.this and net.that,
And a hot buttered bun for net.fat.

The boss comes by, and I play the game,
Then I turn back to net.flame.
Is there a cure (I need your views),
For someone trapped in net.news?

I need your help, I say 'tween sobs,
'Cause I'll soon be listed in net.jobs.


Lucky, adj.:
	When you have a wife and a cigarette
	lighter -- both of which work.


	... with liberty and justice for all who can afford it.


There are a lot of lies going around.... and half of them are true.
		-- Winston Churchill


Patience is long forgotten by convenience in this life.
		-- Carmen Caicedo Giraudy


You may easily play a joke on a man who likes to argue -- agree with
him.
		-- Edgar W. Howe


	Phil [Record] was known as the Hat because he always wore a felt
snap brim.  It was the standard uniform for police reporters, for one
reason: it made it easier for them to pass themselves off as detectives.
We had an informal code of ethics then; we never lied about who we were.
But if people mistook us for the police, that was their problem, not ours.
If they thought they were giving confidential information to an investigator,
well, that was their problem, too.  As we understood the First Amendment,
everyone had a right to talk to the _Star-Telegram_, even if they didn't
know they were talking to the _Star-Telegram_.
		-- Bob Schieffer, "This Just In"


The universe is ruled by letting things take their course.
It cannot be ruled by interfering.
		-- Chinese proverb


Here comes the orator, with his flood of words and his drop of reason.


Great minds run in great circles.


Oh, so there you are!


He has been known by many names;  the Prince of Lies, the Director, Lucifer,
Belial, and once, at a party, some obnoxious drunk kept calling him "Dude".
		-- Stig's Inferno


The sex life of spiders is very interesting.
He fucks her.
She bites his head off.
		-- From a Women's Lib Poster


Chipmunks roasting on an open fire
Jack Frost ripping up your nose
Yuletide carolers being thrown in the fire
And folks dressed up like buffaloes
Everybody knows a turkey slaughtered in the snow
Helps to make the season right
Tiny tots with their eyes all gouged out
Will find it hard to see tonight
They know that Santa's on his way
He's loaded lots of guns and bullets on his sleigh
And every mother's child is sure to spy
To see if reindeer really scream when they die
And so I'm offering this simple phrase
To kids from one to ninety two
Although it's been said many times, many ways
Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas, Fuck you!!


Democracy, n.:
	In which you say what you like and do what you're told.
		-- Gerald Barry

The difference between a Democracy and a Dictatorship is that in a
Democracy you vote first and take orders later; in a Dictatorship
you don't have to waste your time voting.
		-- Charles Bukowski


You will lose an important disk file.


Liberace was at heaven's gate when Saint Peter told him that he'd been
disqualified from entering.
	Stunned, Liberace asked, "Why?"
	"Our records show that you once ate a parakeet," Saint Peter answered.
	"I never did that," Liberace replied.  "Can't you check your records?
They *must* be wrong!"
	"It says right here that on August 15, 1981, you ate a chartreuse
parakeet with black trim."
	"Hey, listen, you must be thinking of Ozzy Osbourne, " Liberace
replied. "Now, I might have had a cockatoo..."


Hear me, my chiefs, I am tired; my heart is sick and sad.
From where the sun now stands I Will Fight No More Forever.
		-- Chief Joseph of the Nez Perce


When I demanded of my friend what viands he preferred,
He quoth: "A large cold bottle, and a small hot bird!"
		-- Eugene Field, "The Bottle and the Bird"


Given the choice between accomplishing something and just lying around, I'd
rather lie around.  No contest.
		-- Eric Clapton


Substitute "damn" every time you're inclined to write "very"; your
editor will delete it and the writing will be just as it should be.
		-- Mark Twain


Operator, please trace this call and tell me where I am.


The worst thing about some men is that when they are not drunk they
are sober.
		-- William Butler Yeats


Hardly a pure science, history is closer to animal husbandry than it is
to mathematics, in that it involves selective breeding.  The principal
difference between the husbandryman and the historian is that the
former breeds sheep or cows or such, and the latter breeds (assumed)
facts.  The husbandryman uses his skills to enrich the future; the
historian uses his to enrich the past.  Both are usually up to their
ankles in bullshit.
		-- Tom Robbins


The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep.
		-- W. C. Fields


Q:	What's black and white and red all over?
A:	Half a nun.


RULES OF EATING -- THE BRONX DIETER'S CREED
	(1)  Never eat on an empty stomach.
	(2)  Never leave the table hungry.
	(3)  When traveling, never leave a country hungry.
	(4)  Enjoy your food.
	(5)  Enjoy your companion's food.
	(6)  Really taste your food.  It may take several portions to
	     accomplish this, especially if subtly seasoned.
	(7)  Really feel your food.  Texture is important.  Compare,
	     for example, the texture of a turnip to that of a
	     brownie.  Which feels better against your cheeks?
	(8)  Never eat between snacks, unless it's a meal.
	(9)  Don't feel you must finish everything on your plate.  You
	     can always eat it later.
	(10) Avoid any wine with a childproof cap.
	(11) Avoid blue food.
		-- Richard Smith, "The Bronx Diet"


Q:	What is the difference between a duck?
A:	One leg is both the same.


A traveling salesman was driving past a farm when he saw a pig with three
wooden legs executing a magnificent series of backflips and cartwheels.
Intrigued, he drove up to the farmhouse, where he found an old farmer
sitting in the yard watching the pig.
	"That's quite a pig you have there, sir" said the salesman.
	"Sure is, son," the farmer replied.  "Why, two years ago, my daughter
was swimming in the lake and bumped her head and damned near drowned, but that
pig swam out and dragged her back to shore."
	"Amazing!"  the salesman exclaimed.
	"And that's not the only thing.  Last fall I was cuttin' wood up on
the north forty when a tree fell on me.  Pinned me to the ground, it did.
That pig run up and wiggled underneath that tree and lifted it off of me.
Saved my life."
	"Fantastic!  the salesman said.  But tell me, how come the pig has
three wooden legs?"
	The farmer stared at the newcomer in amazement.  "Mister, when you
got an amazin' pig like that, you don't eat him all at once."


"One Architecture, One OS" also translates as "One Egg, One Basket".


Hale Mail Rule, The:
	When you are ready to reply to a letter, you will lack at least
	one of the following:
			(a) A pen or pencil or typewriter.
			(b) Stationery.
			(c) Postage stamp.
			(d) The letter you are answering.


If you are smart enough to know that you're not
smart enough to be an Engineer, then you're in Business.


Finagle's Creed:
	Science is true.  Don't be misled by facts.


There's a fine line between courage and foolishness.  Too bad it's not
a fence.


Don't eat yellow snow.


There's nothing wrong with America that a good erection wouldn't cure.
		-- David Mairowitz


Did you hear about...
	the butcher who dropped his cleaver and went home half-cocked?


Drinking coffee for instant relaxation?  That's like drinking alcohol for
instant motor skills.
		-- Marc Price


It was on the tip of my tongue to tell them about the deer, but I ended up
not doing it.  That was one thing I kept to myself.  I've never spoken or
written of it until just now, today.  And I have to tell you that it seems
a lesser thing written down, damn near inconsequential.  But for me it was
the best part of that trip, the cleanest part, and it was a moment I found
myself returning to, almost helplessly, when there was trouble in my life --
my first day in the bush in Vietnam, and this fellow walked into the clearing
where we were with his hand over his nose and when he took his hand away there
was no nose there because it had been shot off; the time the doctor told us
our youngest son might be hydrocephalic (he turned out just to have an
oversized head, thank God); the long crazy weeks before my mother died.  I
would find my thoughts turning back to that morning, the scuffed suede of
her ears, the white flash of her tail.  But eight hundred million Red Chinese
don't give a shit, right?  The most important things are the hardest to say,
because words diminish them.  It's hard to make strangers care about the
good things in your life.
		-- Stephen King, "The Body"


I'm not proud.


Were it not for the presence of the unwashed and the half-educated, the
formless, queer and incomplete, the unreasonable and absurd, the infinite
shapes of the delightful human tadpole, the horizon would not wear so wide
a grin.
		-- F. M. Colby, "Imaginary Obligations"


For the next hour, WE will control all that you see and hear.


I have a rock garden.  Last week three of them died.
		-- Richard Diran


The trouble with doing something right the first
time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.


Capitalism is the extraordinary belief that the nastiest of men, for
the nastiest of reasons, will somehow work for the benefit of us all.
		-- John Maynard Keynes


As failures go, attempting to recall the past is like trying to grasp
the meaning of existence.  Both make one feel like a baby clutching at
a basketball: one's palms keep sliding off.
		-- Joseph Brodsky


MAC user's dynamic debugging list evaluator?  Never heard of that.


Every man has his price.  Mine is $3.95.


I tell ya, gambling never agreed with me.  Last week I went to the track
and they shot my horse with the opening gun.

Well, just last week I was at a Chinese restaurant and when I opened my
fortune cookie I found the guy's check sitting at the next table.  I said,
"Hey, buddy, I got your check", he said, "Thanks."
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


She was peeved, and called her beau "Mr."
Not because, when she came in, he kr.,
	But she knew, just before
	She opened the door,
This same Mr. had kr. sr.


How can you do "New Math" problems with an "Old Math" mind?
		-- Schulz


How can you work when the system's so crowded?


Overload -- core meltdown sequence initiated.


He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes.


Hear about...
	the new vitamin made from chicken blood,
	it makes men cocky and women lay better?


... there are about 5,000 people who are part of that committee.  These guys
have a hard time sorting out what day to meet, and whether to eat croissants
or doughnuts for breakfast -- let alone how to define how all these complex
layers that are going to be agreed upon.
		-- Craig Burton of Novell, Network World


I steal.
		-- Sam Giancana, explaining his livelihood to his draft board

Easy.  I own Chicago.  I own Miami.  I own Las Vegas.
		-- Sam Giancana, when asked what he did for a living


Love is the only game that is not called on account of darkness.
		-- M. Hirschfield


Life is like a sewer.
What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
		-- Tom Lehrer


Don't hate yourself in the morning -- sleep till noon.


Being the #2 man in the Justice Department under Ed Meese is akin to
standing next to a lamp post infested with pigeons.
		-- unnamed Justice Department official


Democrats buy most of the books that have been banned somewhere.
Republicans form censorship committees and read them as a group.

Republicans consume three-fourths of the rutabaga produced in the USA.
The remainder is thrown out.

Republicans usually wear hats and almost always clean their paint brushes.

Republicans study the financial pages of the newspaper.
Democrats put them in the bottom of the bird cage.

Most of the stuff alongside the road has been thrown out of car
windows by Democrats.
		-- Paul Dickson, "The Official Rules"


Niklaus Wirth has lamented that, whereas Europeans pronounce his
name correctly (Ni-klows Virt), Americans invariably mangle it into
(Nick-les Worth).  Which is to say that Europeans call him by name,
but Americans call him by value.


He only knew his iron spine held up the sky -- he didn't realize his brain
had fallen to the ground.
		-- The Book of Serenity


HERMIT:
	A man who'd rather get off by himself.


 VII. Certain bodies can pass through solid walls painted to resemble tunnel
      entrances; others cannot.
	This trompe l'oeil inconsistency has baffled generations, but at least
	it is known that whoever paints an entrance on a wall's surface to
	trick an opponent will be unable to pursue him into this theoretical
	space.  The painter is flattened against the wall when he attempts to
	follow into the painting.  This is ultimately a problem of art, not
	of science.
VIII. Any violent rearrangement of feline matter is impermanent.
	Cartoon cats possess even more deaths than the traditional nine lives
	might comfortably afford.  They can be decimated, spliced, splayed,
	accordion-pleated, spindled, or disassembled, but they cannot be
	destroyed.  After a few moments of blinking self pity, they reinflate,
	elongate, snap back, or solidify.
  IX. For every vengeance there is an equal and opposite revengeance.
	This is the one law of animated cartoon motion that also applies to
	the physical world at large.  For that reason, we need the relief of
	watching it happen to a duck instead.
   X. Everything falls faster than an anvil.
	Examples too numerous to mention from the Roadrunner cartoons.
		-- Esquire, "O'Donnell's Laws of Cartoon Motion", June 1980


Mathematics is the only science where one never knows what
one is talking about nor whether what is said is true.
		-- Russell


A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
		-- Patton


I cannot believe that God plays dice with the cosmos.
		-- Albert Einstein, on the randomness of quantum mechanics


Yeah, God is dead, he laughed himself to death.


Cobol programmers are down in the dumps.


A woman must be a cute, cuddly, naive little thing -- tender, sweet,
and stupid.
		-- Adolf Hitler


From the Pointless Comparison Collection:

	To give you an idea of how sensitive these antennas are,
	if we were to "listen" to one spacecraft in the outer solar
	system by Jupiter or Saturn for 1 billion years and add up
	all the signal we collected, it would be enough power to
	set off the flash bulb on your camera once.

		-- Peter Doms, manager of the Deep Space Network
		   systems program at JPL


Batteries not included.


Three fine Irish lads, O'Rourke, O'Malley and O'Donnell, worked together at
the local brewery.  One day, as fate would have it, O'Rourke fell into one
of the beer vats and drowned.  O'Malley and O'Donnell, completely crestfallen,
had to break the news to his wife.
	They went 'round the Widow O'Rourke's house and informed her that her
poor dear Patrick had drowned in a beer vat that very day.  Choking back her
tears, she asked them "Tell me now, did me poor Patty suffer much?"
	"I don't think so," replied O'Donnell. "He climbed out twice to take
a piss."


When Marriage is Outlawed,
Only Outlaws will have Inlaws.


Misery loves company, but company does not reciprocate.


100 buckets of bits on the bus
100 buckets of bits
Take one down, short it to ground
FF buckets of bits on the bus

FF buckets of bits on the bus
FF buckets of bits
Take one down, short it to ground
FE buckets of bits on the bus

ad infinitum...


Dig it, first they killed those pigs, then they ate dinner in the same
room with them, then they even shoved a fork in a victim's stomach.  Wild!
		-- Bernadine Dohrn, on the Manson killings


He keeps differentiating, flying off on a tangent.


Procrastinators do it tomorrow.


You know you're getting old when you're Dad, and you're measuring your
daughter for camp clothes, and there are certain measurements only her
mother is allowed to take.


Fortune and love befriend the bold.
		-- Ovid


Bore, n.:
	A person who talks when you wish him to listen.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


To get back on your feet, miss two car payments.


AMOEBIT:
	Amoeba/rabbit cross; it can multiply
	and divide at the same time.


The only thing cheaper than hardware is talk.


Women are all alike.  When they're maids they're mild as milk:
once make 'em wives, and they lean their backs against their
marriage certificates, and defy you.
		-- Jerrold


Anything that is worth doing has been done frequently.  Things hitherto
undone should be given, I suspect, a wide berth.
		-- Max Beerbohm, "Mainly on the Air"


Staff meeting in the conference room in 3 minutes.


Whoever would lie usefully should lie seldom.


Things are more like they used to be than they are now.


Well, fancy giving money to the Government!
Might as well have put it down the drain.
Fancy giving money to the Government!
Nobody will see the stuff again.
Well, they've no idea what money's for --
Ten to one they'll start another war.
I've heard a lot of silly things, but, Lor'!
Fancy giving money to the Government!
		-- A. P. Herbert


There is not opinion so absurd that some philosopher will not express it.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero, "Ad familiares"


Remember folks.  Street lights timed for 35 MPH are also timed for 70 MPH.
		-- Jim Samuels


After all, all he did was string together
a lot of old, well-known quotations.
		-- H. L. Mencken, on Shakespeare


LA:
	Where the only way to determine that the seasons have changed
	is to note that people have changed the main topic of conversation.
	From mud slides to brush fires.


The personal computer market is about the same size as the total potato chip
market.  Next year it will be about half the size of the pet food market and
is fast approaching the total worldwide sales of pantyhose"
		-- James Finke, Commodore Int'l Ltd., 1982


A hermit is a deserter from the army of humanity.


	"I suppose you expect me to talk."
	"No, Mr. Bond.  I expect you to die."
		-- Goldfinger


Beifeld's Principle:
	The probability of a young man meeting a desirable and
receptive young female increases by pyramidal progression when he is
already in the company of: (1) a date, (2) his wife, (3) a better
looking and richer male friend.


THE OLD POOL SHOOTER had won many a game in his life. But now it was time
to hang up the cue. When he did, all the other cues came crashing go the
floor.

"Sorry," he said with a smile.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Nondeterminism means never having to say you are wrong.


We are all agreed that your theory is crazy.  The question which divides us is
whether it is crazy enough to have a chance of being correct.  My own feeling
is that it is not crazy enough.
		-- Niels Bohr


Math is to physics like masturbation is to sex.


VUJA DE:
	The feeling that you've *never*, *ever* been in this situation before.


Surprise!  You are the lucky winner of random I.R.S Audit!
Just type in your name and social security number.
Please remember that leaving the room is punishable under law:

Name	#




A boy can learn a lot from a dog: obedience, loyalty, and the importance
of turning around three times before lying down.
		-- Robert Benchley


A man sat down next to another passenger on a train recently and couldn't
help overhearing his conversation out the window with a man standing on
the train platform.
	"Thanks for putting me up while I was here, Sam," said the passenger.
	"Glad to do it," said the other man.
	"Thanks for the food and the drinks -- everything was wonderful."
	"It was a pleasure," said the man.
	"And thank your wife, Sam, she was great," said the passenger,
"she was a truly great lay."
	The man was rather taken aback by this exchange and he later turned
to his fellow passenger and said: "Pardon me sir, but did I understand you
to say that your friend's wife was a great lay?"
	"Well," said the other passenger, "I didn't REALLY enjoy it.  But
Sam is a helluva nice guy."


Norm:	Hey, everybody.
All:	[silence; everybody is mad at Norm for being rich.]
Norm:	[Carries on both sides of the conversation himself.]
	Norm!   (Norman.)
	How are you feeling today, Norm?
	Rich and thirsty.  Pour me a beer.
		-- Cheers, Tan 'n Wash

Woody:	What's the latest, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:	Zsa-Zsa marries a millionaire, Peterson drinks a beer.
	Film at eleven.
		-- Cheers, Knights of the Scimitar

Woody: How are you today, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Never been better, Woody. ... Just once I'd like to be better.
		-- Cheers, Chambers vs. Malone


The British are coming!  The British are coming!


Hear about...
	the handsome bachelor Senator who hired a ravishing blonde as his
	assistant and then made her the object of a long Congressional probe?


You are fighting for survival in your own sweet and gentle way.


Programmers do it bit by bit.


To do two things at once is to do neither.
		-- Publilius Syrus


You know the Norplant thing?  It's a new birth control device for women.
It's a cartridge, that goes in your arm.  Well, they're coming out with
a new one for men: it's a brain, that goes in your head.


He:	Do you like Kipling?
She:	Oh, you naughty boy, I don't know!  I've never kippled!


The night passes quickly when you're asleep
But I'm out shufflin' for something to eat
...
Breakfast at the Egg House,
Like the waffle on the griddle,
I'm burnt around the edges,
But I'm tender in the middle.
		-- Adrian Belew


Many pages make a thick book.


	I did some heavy research so as to be prepared for "Mommy, why is
the sky blue?"
	HE asked me about black holes in space.
	(There's a hole *where*?)

	I boned up to be ready for, "Why is the grass green?"
	HE wanted to discuss nature's food chains.
	(Well, let's see, there's ShopRite, Pathmark...)

	I talked about Choo-Choo trains.
	HE talked internal combustion engines.
	(The INTERNAL COMBUSTION ENGINE said, "I think I can, I think I can.")

	I was delighted with the video game craze, thinking we could compete
as equals.
	HE described the complexities of the microchips required to create
the graphics.

	Then puberty struck.  Ah, adolescence.
	HE said, "Mom, I just don't understand women."
	(Gotcha!)
		-- Betty LiBrizzi, "The Care and Feeding of a Gifted Child"


Nothing recedes like success.
		-- Walter Winchell


An age is called Dark not because the light fails to shine, but because
people refuse to see it.
		-- James Michener, "Space"


After any salary raise, you will have less money at the end of the
month than you did before.


What is status?
	Status is when the President calls you for your opinion.

Uh, no...
	Status is when the President calls you in to discuss a
	problem with him.

Uh, that still ain't right...
	STATUS is when you're in the Oval Office talking to the President,
	and the phone rings.  The President picks it up, listens for a
	minute, and hands it to you, saying, "It's for you."


Due to circumstances beyond your control, you are master of your
fate and captain of your soul.


Chism's Law of Completion:
	The amount of time required to complete a government project is
	precisely equal to the length of time already spent on it.


I have found little that is good about human beings.  In my experience
most of them are trash.
		-- Sigmund Freud


Roses are red;
	Violets are blue.
I'm schizophrenic,
	And so am I.


Sam:	What's going on, Normie?
Norm:	My birthday, Sammy.  Give me a beer, stick a candle in
	it, and I'll blow out my liver.
		-- Cheers, Where Have All the Floorboards Gone

Woody:	Hey, Mr. P.  How goes the search for Mr. Clavin?
Norm:	Not as well as the search for Mr. Donut.
	Found him every couple of blocks.
		-- Cheers, Head Over Hill


Brontosaurus Principle:
	Organizations can grow faster than their brains can manage them
in relation to their environment and to their own physiology:  when
this occurs, they are an endangered species.
		-- Thomas K. Connellan


			It's grad exam time...
COMPUTER SCIENCE
	Inside your desk you'll find a listing of the DEC/VMS operating
system in IBM 1710 machine code. Show what changes are necessary to convert
this code into a UNIX Berkeley 7 operating system.  Prove that these fixes are
bug free and run correctly. You should gain at least 150% efficiency in the
new system.  (You should take no more than 10 minutes on this question.)

MATHEMATICS
	If X equals PI times R^2, construct a formula showing how long
it would take a fire ant to drill a hole through a dill pickle, if the
length-girth ratio of the ant to the pickle were 98.17:1.

GENERAL KNOWLEDGE
Describe the Universe.  Give three examples.


Military justice is to justice what military music is to music.
		-- Groucho Marx


A modem is a baudy house.


If life is a stage, I want some better lighting.


I may kid around about drugs, but really, I take them seriously.
		-- Doctor Graper


	The world's most avid baseball fan (an Aggie) had arrived at the
stadium for the first game of the World Series only to realize he had left
his ticket at home.  Not wanting to miss any of the first inning, he went
to the ticket booth and got in a long line for another seat.  After an hour's
wait he was just a few feet from the booth when a voice called out, "Hey,
Dave!"  The Aggie looked up, stepped out of line and tried to find the owner
of the voice -- with no success.  Then he realized he had lost his place in
line and had to wait all over again.  When the fan finally bought his ticket,
he was thirsty, so he went to buy a drink.  The line at the concession stand
was long, too, but since the game hadn't started he decided to wait.  Just as
he got to the window, a voice called out, "Hey, Dave!"  Again the Aggie tried
to find the voice -- but no luck.  He was very upset as he got back in line
for his drink.  Finally the fan went to his seat, eager for the game to begin.
As he waited for the pitch, he heard the voice calling, "Hey Dave!" once more.
Furious, he stood up and yelled at the top of his lungs, "My name is not
Dave!"


Mr. Rockford?  This is Betty Joe Withers.  I got four shirts of yours from
the Bo Peep Cleaners by mistake.  I don't know why they gave me men's
shirts but they're going back.


New York-- to that tall skyline I come
Flyin' in from London to your door
New York-- lookin' down on Central Park
Where they say you should not wander after dark.
New York.
		-- Simon and Garfunkel


I have never understood this liking for war.  It panders to instincts
already catered for within the scope of any respectable domestic
establishment.
		-- Alan Bennett


America's best buy for a quarter is a telephone call to the right person.


Three gay guys were discussing what they thought their favorite sport would
be.  The first decides on football, 'cause of all those gorgeous guys bending
over in their tight pants.
	"Definitely wrestling," sighs the second guy.  "Those skimpy little
costumes, and think of the holds."
	"Definitely baseball," says the third guy.  "Why?  Well, I'd be
pitching with the bases loaded, the batter would hit a savage one-hopper
right to me, I'd catch it, and I'd just stand there while the other guys
rounded the bases.  Meanwhile, the crowd would be going crazy, screaming,
`Throw the ball, you cocksucker!' and that's what I like -- recognition!"


	Your home electrical system is basically a bunch of wires that bring
electricity into your home and take if back out before it has a chance to
kill you.  This is called a "circuit".  The most common home electrical
problem is when the circuit is broken by a "circuit breaker"; this causes
the electricity to back up in one of the wires until it bursts out of an
outlet in the form of sparks, which can damage your carpet.  The best way
to avoid broken circuits is to change your fuses regularly.
	Another common problem is that the lights flicker.  This sometimes
means that your electrical system is inadequate, but more often it means
that your home is possessed by demons, in which case you'll need to get a
caulking gun and some caulking.  If you're not sure whether your house is
possessed, see "The Amityville Horror", a fine documentary film based on an
actual book.  Or call in a licensed electrician, who is trained to spot the
signs of demonic possession, such as blood coming down the stairs, enormous
cats on the dinette table, etc.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Magnocartic, adj.:
	Any automobile that, when left unattended, attracts shopping
	carts.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


