My pen is at the bottom of a page,
Which, being finished, here the story ends;
'Tis to be wished it had been sooner done,
But stories somehow lengthen when begun.
		-- Byron


You will always get the greatest recognition for the job you least like.


Anything labeled "NEW" and/or "IMPROVED" isn't.
The label means the price went up.
The label "ALL NEW", "COMPLETELY NEW", or "GREAT NEW"
means the price went way up.


Other than that, Mrs. Lincoln, how did you like the play?


The best executive is one who has sense enough to pick good people to do
what he wants done, and self-restraint enough to keep from meddling with
them while they do it.
		-- Theodore Roosevelt


Give me your students, your secretaries,
Your huddled writers yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your Selectric III's.
Give these, the homeless, typist-tossed to me.
I lift my disk beside the processor.
		-- Inscription on a Word Processor


Do Miami a favor.  When you leave, take someone with you.


Never go to bed mad.  Stay up and fight.
		-- Phyllis Diller, "Phyllis Diller's Housekeeping Hints"


Nothing can be done in one trip.
		-- Snider


I trust the first lion he meets will do his duty.
		-- J. P. Morgan on Teddy Roosevelt's safari


The most unsatisfactory men are those who pride themselves on their
virility and regard sex as if it were some form of athletics at which
you win cups. It is a woman's spirit and mood which a man has to
stimulate in order to make sex interesting.  The real lover is the
man who can thrill you by just touching your head or smiling into
your eyes - or just by staring into space.
		-- Marilyn Monroe


It says he made us all to be just like him.  So if we're dumb, then
god is dumb, and maybe even a little ugly on the side.
		-- Frank Zappa


QOTD:
	"Sure, I turned down a drink once.  Didn't understand the question."


Capitalism is the extraordinary belief that the nastiest of men, for
the nastiest of reasons, will somehow work for the benefit of us all.
		-- John Maynard Keynes


New England Life, of course.  Why do you ask?


GRAVITY:
	What you get when you eat too much and too fast.


My mother loved children -- she would
have given anything if I had been one.
		-- Groucho Marx


To listen to some devout people,
one would imagine that God never laughs.
		-- Sri Aurobindo


Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down.


Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke


She liked him; he was a man of many qualities, even if most of them
were bad.


Hello.  Jim Rockford's machine, this is Larry Doheny's machine.  Will you
please have your master call my master at his convenience?  Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.


	With deep concern, if not alarm, Dick noted that his friend
Conrad was drunker than he'd ever seen him before.  "What's the trouble,
buddy?", he asked, sliding onto the stool next to his friend.
	"It's a woman, Dick," Conrad replied.
	"I guessed that much.  Tell me about it."
	"I can't," Conrad said.  But after a few more drinks his tongue
and resolution both seemed to weaken and, turning to his buddy, he said,
"Okay. It's your wife."
	"My wife!!"
	"Yeah."
	"What about her?"
	Conrad pondered the question heavily, and draped his arm around
his pal.  "Well, buddy-boy," he said, "I'm afraid she's cheating on us."


	This guy is taking a leak in a public men's room when a man enters
with his arms held out from his sides, bent at the elbows with his hands
dangling awkwardly, and comes over to him.
	"Would you do me a favor and unzip my fly?" he asks.
	Figuring the man to be a poor cripple, perhaps an accident victim,
the guy obliges, not without a flush of embarrassment when the man next
requests that he take out his prick and hold it in the appropriate position.
	"Shake it off" is the next instruction, then "zip me up," and the
guy follows orders, wincing at his own embarrassment and at the shame of
being so helpless.
	"Say, thanks," says the man, flouncing to the door.  "I can't do a
*thing* 'til my nails dry!"


The young stud walked into a bordello.  After he took his clothes off, the
woman was puzzled to see him put a clothespin on his nose, stuff cotton in
his ears, and put a prophylactic on his penis.
	"Hey," she asked, "what the hell are you doing?"
	"Well, ma'am", replied the stud, "there are two things I just can't
stand.  A screaming woman and the smell of burning rubber."


The days just prior to marriage are like a snappy introduction
to a tedious book.


The luck that is ordained for you will be coveted by others.


I don't have any solution but I certainly admire the problem.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


Always leave room to add an explanation if it doesn't work out.


Weinberg's Principle:
	An expert is a person who avoids the small errors while sweeping
	on to the grand fallacy.


No house should ever be on any hill or on anything.
It should be of the hill, belonging to it.
		-- Frank Lloyd Wright


Even God cannot change the past.
		-- Joseph Stalin


Roses on your piano isn't nearly as good as tulips on your organ.


You will pioneer the first Martian colony.


	A housewife, an accountant and a lawyer were asked to add 2 and 2.
	The housewife replied, "Four!".
	The accountant said, "It's either 3 or 4.  Let me run those figures
through my spread sheet one more time."
	The lawyer pulled the drapes, dimmed the lights and asked in a
hushed voice, "How much do you want it to be?"


I think that I shall never see
A billboard lovely as a tree.
Indeed, unless the billboards fall
I'll never see a tree at all.
		-- Ogden Nash


If you don't ride a camel to work, you ain't Sheeite.


Burbulation, v.:
	The obsessive act of opening and closing a refrigerator door in
	an attempt to catch it before the automatic light comes on.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


The IBM purchase of ROLM gives new meaning to the term "twisted pair".
		-- Howard Anderson, "Yankee Group"


Don't everyone thank me at once!
		-- Han Solo


Give a woman an inch and she'll park a car in it.


Spark's Sixth Rule for Managers:
	If a subordinate asks you a pertinent question, look at him as
if he had lost his senses.  When he looks down, paraphrase the question
back at him.


The most popular labor-saving device today is still a husband with money.
		-- Joey Adams, "Cindy and I"


QOTD:
	"Some people have one of those days.  I've had one of those lives."


What's done to children, they will do to society.


Ritchie's Rule:
	(1) Everything has some value -- if you use the right currency.
	(2) Paint splashes last longer than the paint job.
	(3) Search and ye shall find -- but make sure it was lost.


Cordelia: Does looking at guns make you want to have sex?
Xander:	  I'm seventeen.  Looking at _L_I_N_O_L_E_U_M makes me want to have sex.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Innocence"
		   Season 2, Episode 14


Computerfirm nymphomaniac, n.:
	Hot Apple pie.


Hear about...
	the secretary that got fired because she had one too mini?


Abou Ben Adhem (may his tribe increase!)
Awoke one night from a deep dream of peace,
And saw, within the moonlight in his room,
Making it rich, and like a lily in bloom,
An angel writing in a book of gold.
Exceeding peace had made Ben Adhem bold,
And to the presence in the room he said,
"What writest thou?"  The vision raised its head,
And with a look made of all sweet accord,
Answered, "The names of those who love the Lord."
"And is mine one?" said Abou. "Nay not so,"
Replied the angel.  Abou spoke more low,
But cheerly still; and said, "I pray thee then,
Write me as one that loves his fellow-men."
The angel wrote, and vanished.  The next night
It came again with a great wakening light,
And showed the names whom love of God had blessed,
And lo!  Ben Adhem's name led all the rest.
		-- James Henry Leigh Hunt, "Abou Ben Adhem"


Please take note:


I never trust a man unless I've got his pecker in my pocket.
		-- Lyndon B. Johnson

I've got Hubert's pecker in my pocket.
		-- Lyndon B. Johnson


Jenkinson's Law:
	It won't work.


Algol-60 surely must be regarded as the most
important programming language yet developed.
		-- T. Cheatham


Glib's Fourth Law of Unreliability:
	Investment in reliability will increase until it exceeds the
	probable cost of errors, or until someone insists on getting
	some useful work done.


This was a Golden Age, a time of high adventure, rich living, and hard
dying... but nobody thought so.  This was a future of fortune and theft,
pillage and rapine, culture and vice... but nobody admitted it.
		-- Alfred Bester, "The Stars My Destination"


Nobody suffers the pain of birth or the anguish of loving a child in order
for presidents to make wars, for governments to feed on the substance of
their people, for insurance companies to cheat the young and rob the old.
		-- Lewis Lapham


People never lie so much as after a hunt, during a war, or before an
election.
		-- Otto von Bismarck


The meek shall inherit the earth, but *not* its mineral rights.
		-- J. P. Getty


He who has the courage to laugh is almost as much
a master of the world as he who is ready to die.
		-- Giacomo Leopardi


Hubbard's Law:
	Don't take life too seriously;
	you won't get out of it alive.


Gunter's Airborne Discoveries:
	(1)  When you are served a meal aboard an aircraft,
	     the aircraft will encounter turbulence.
	(2)  The strength of the turbulence
	     is directly proportional to the temperature of your coffee.


Above all things, reverence yourself.


From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back.
That is the point that must be reached.
		-- F. Kafka


Work like hell, tell everyone everything you know, close a deal with
a handshake, and have fun.
		-- Harold "Doc" Edgerton, summing up his life's philosophy,
		   shortly before dying at the age of 86.


With all the talent around, it's sort of
amazing that a woman could be up here with us.
		-- Ralph Kiner, on introducing an award winner


Old McDonald had a farm,
E-I-E-I-O!
And on this farm he had some chicks,
E-I-E-I-O!
With a chick-chick here,
And a chick-chick there,
Here a chick,
There a chick,
Everywhere a chick-chick,
Old McDonald lost his farm
'Cause he had too many chicks!


Q:	How can we get the Beatles to reunite for one more concert?
A:	With three more bullets.


I have a hard time being attracted to anyone who can beat me up.
		-- John McGrath, Atlanta sportswriter, on women weightlifters


Call for Ms. Lingus, Ms. Connie Lingus...


Hear about...
	the Ayatollah Khomeini Doll?
	Wind it up and it takes Ken and Barbie hostage.


Q:	Why can't Hellen Keller have children?
A:	Because she's dead.


The reason people sweat is so they won't catch fire when making love.
		-- Don Rose


Love to eat them mousies,
Mousies I love to eat.
Bite they little heads off,
Nibble at they tiny feet.
		-- Kliban


Another flaw in the human character is that everybody wants to build
and nobody wants to do maintenance.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., "Hocus Pocus"


The British are coming!  The British are coming!


He thinks the Gettysburg Address is where Lincoln lived.
		-- Wanda, "A Fish Called Wanda"


We are unavoidably drawn towards conservatism and death.
The order is not insignificant.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


A formal parsing algorithm should not always be used.
		-- D. Gries


Rule 46, Oxford Union Society, London:
	Any member introducing a dog into the Society's premises shall
be liable to a fine of one pound.  Any animal leading a blind person
shall be deemed to be a cat.


Having the fewest wants, I am nearest to the gods.
		-- Socrates


TAURUS (Apr. 20 to May 20)
	Let your self-confidence and determination shine, and people will
	find you boorish and headstrong.  Travel, promotion, and romance
	highlighted, if you live long enough.  Don't take any wooden nickels.


Everyone knows that dragons don't exist.  But while this simplistic
formulation may satisfy the layman, it does not suffice for the
scientific mind.  The School of Higher Neantical Nillity is in fact
wholly unconcerned with what _d_o_e_s exist.  Indeed, the banality of
existence has been so amply demonstrated, there is no need for us to
discuss it any further here.  The brilliant Cerebron, attacking the
problem analytically, discovered three distinct kinds of dragon: the
mythical, the chimerical, and the purely hypothetical.  They were all,
one might say, nonexistent, but each nonexisted in an entirely
different way ...
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


Hear about...
	the pessimistic historian whose latest book has chapter headings
	that read "World War One","World War Two" and "Watch This
	Space"?


Q:	What's the difference between a cocker spaniel and a doberman
	pinscher humping your leg?
A:	You let the doberman finish.


It is impossible to defend perfectly
against the attack of those who want to die.


Worst Vegetable of the Year:
	Brussel sprout.  This is also the worst vegetable of next year.
		-- Steve Rubenstein


The personal computer market is about the same size as the total potato chip
market.  Next year it will be about half the size of the pet food market and
is fast approaching the total worldwide sales of pantyhose"
		-- James Finke, Commodore Int'l Ltd., 1982


New York now leads the world's great cities in the number of people around
whom you shouldn't make a sudden move.
		-- David Letterman


Disclaimer of the Week:
	Any Society Which Requires Disclaimers Has Too Many Goddamn Lawyers.


The sudden sight of me causes panic in the streets. They have
yet to learn - only the savage fears what he does not understand.
		-- The Silver Surfer


Post proelium, praemium.
[After the battle, the reward.]


Well, I'd left home just a week before,
And I'd never ever kissed a woman before,
But Lola smiled and took me by the hand,
And said 'Little boy, gonna make you a man!'
Well, I'm not the world's most masculine man,
But I know what I am and I'm glad I'm a man and so's Lola.
La, la, la, la-Lola... la, la, la, la-Lola...  Lola.
		-- The Kinks


Kissing a smoker is like licking an ashtray.


	So Richard and I decided to try to catch [the small shark].  With
a great deal of strategy and effort and shouting, we managed to maneuver
the shark, over the course of about a half-hour, to a sort of corner of the
lagoon, so that it had no way to escape other than to flop up onto the land
and evolve.  Richard and I were inching toward it, sort of crouched over,
when all of a sudden it turned around and -- I can still remember the
sensation I felt at that moment, primarily in the armpit area -- headed
right straight toward us.
	Many people would have panicked at this point.  But Richard and I
were not "many people."  We were experienced waders, and we kept our heads.
We did exactly what the textbook says you should do when you're unarmed and
a shark that is nearly two feet long turns on you in water up to your lower
calves: We sprinted I would say 600 yards in the opposite direction, using
a sprinting style such that the bottoms of our feet never once went below
the surface of the water.  We ran all the way to the far shore, and if we
had been in a Warner Brothers cartoon we would have run right INTO the beach,
and you would have seen these two mounds of sand racing across the island
until they bonked into trees and coconuts fell onto their heads.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wonders of Sharks on TV"


Oh Lord, won't you buy me a 4BSD?
My friends all got sources, so why can't I see?
Come all you moby hackers, come sing it out with me:
To hell with the lawyers from AT&T!


The superpowers often behave like two heavily armed blind men feeling their
way around a room, each believing himself in mortal peril from the other,
whom he assumes to have perfect vision.  Each tends to ascribe to the other
side a consistency, foresight and coherence that its own experience belies.
Of course, even two blind men can do enormous damage to each other, not to
speak of the room.
		-- Henry Kissinger


The introduction of a new kind of music must be shunned as imperiling
the whole state, for styles of music are never disturbed without
affecting the most important political institutions. ...  The new
style, gradually gaining a lodgement, quietly insinuates itself into
manners and customs, and from it ... goes on to attack laws and
constitutions, displaying the utmost impudence, until it ends by
overturning everything.
		-- Plato, "Republic", 370 B.C.


Don't do the crime, if you can't do the time.
		-- Lt. Col. Ollie North


Scientists are people who build the Brooklyn Bridge and then buy it.
		-- William F. Buckley



A bachelor never quite gets over the idea that he is a thing of beauty
and a boy for ever.
		-- Helen Rowland


Love is like a friendship caught on fire.  In the beginning a flame, very
pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering.  As love
grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning
and unquenchable.
		-- Bruce Lee


Tip O'Neill is just like Congress; old, fat and out of control.
		-- J. LeBoutillier


Don't drink when you drive -- you might hit a bump and spill it.


Future will arrive by its own means.  Progress not so.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Indomitable in retreat; invincible in
advance; insufferable in victory.
		-- Winston Churchill, on General Montgomery


Embarrassment, n.:
	Finding out your German Shepherd has the clap.


You'll feel devilish tonight.
Toss dynamite caps under a flamenco dancer's heel.


Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


Horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on people.
		-- W. C. Fields


Educational television should be absolutely forbidden.  It can only lead
to unreasonable disappointment when your child discovers that the letters
of the alphabet do not leap up out of books and dance around with
royal-blue chickens.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


We must!  We must!
We must increase our bust!
The bigger the better!
The tighter the sweater!
And the boys will think more of us!


The human mind treats a new idea the way the
body treats a strange protein: it rejects it.
		-- P. Medawar


Hear about...
	the ultimate in singles bars.  It's a place where girls have
	to show their I.U.D.'s to be admitted?


A stately-looking matron was walking through the Bronx Zoo, studying the
animals.  When she passed the porcupine enclosure she beckoned to a nearby
attendant.
	"Young man," she began, "do North American porcupines have sharper
pricks than those raised in Africa?"
	The attendant hesitated for a moment.  "Well, ma'am," he answered,
"the African porcupine's quills are sharper... but I think their pricks are
about the same."


	"I suppose you expect me to talk."
	"No, Mr. Bond.  I expect you to die."
		-- Goldfinger


If once a man indulges himself in murder, very soon he comes to think little
of robbing; and from robbing he next comes to drinking and Sabbath-breaking,
and from that to incivility and procrastination.
		-- Thomas De Quincey (1785-1859)


Woman, n.:
	An animal usually living in the vicinity of Man, and
	having a rudimentary susceptibility to domestication.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


All wars are civil wars, because all men are brothers ... Each one owes
infinitely more to the human race than to the particular country in
which he was born.
		-- Francois Fenelon


I've never struck a woman in my life, not even my own mother.
		-- W. C. Fields


How sharper than a hound's tooth it is to have a thankless serpent.


Straw?  No, too stupid a fad.  I put soot on warts.


A key to the understanding of all religions is that a God's idea of a
good time is a game of Snakes and Ladders with greased rungs.


The whole world is about three drinks behind.
		-- Humphrey Bogart


Whitehead's Law:
	The obvious answer is always overlooked.


Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Ether!  (ether who?)  Eather Bunny... Yea!
[chorus]
	Yeay!
	Stay on the Happy side, always on the happy side,
	Stay on the Happy side of life!
	Bum bum bum bum bum bum
	You will feel no pain, as we drive you insane,
	So Stay on the Happy Side of life!

Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Anna!  (anna who?)
	An another eather bunny... [chorus]
Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Stilla!  (stilla who?)
	Still another ether bunny... [chorus]
Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Yetta!  (yetta who?)
	Yet another ether bunny... [chorus]
Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Cargo!  (cargo who?)
	Cargo beep beep and run over eather bunny... [chorus]
Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Boo!  (boo who?)
	Don't Cry!  Eather bunny be back next year! [chorus]


Well, you got your mules and you got your racehorses, and you can kick
a mule in the ass all you want, and he's still not gonna be a racehorse.
		-- Billy Martin, "Esquire", May, 1984


Tact in audacity is knowing how far you can go without going too far.
		-- Jean Cocteau


Enzymes are things invented by biologists
that explain things which otherwise require harder thinking.
		-- Jerome Lettvin


Never have so many understood so little about so much.
		-- James Burke


Drink and dance and laugh and lie
Love, the reeling midnight through
For tomorrow we shall die!
(But, alas, we never do.)
		-- Dorothy Parker, "The Flaw in Paganism"


You need no longer worry about the future.
This time tomorrow you'll be dead.


I dote on his very absence.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"


The worst part of having success is trying
to find someone who is happy for you.
		-- Bette Midler


When does later become never?


I know a Polack his name is Cliff,
Hey-la-de-la-de-la.
He sticks it in the freezer to get it stiff,
Hey-la-de-la-de-lo.

I know a girl, her name is Serafina,
Hey-la-de-la-de-la.
She'll get down on all fours for a bowl of Purina,
Hey-la-de-la-de-lo.

I know a girl, her name is Cuffy,
Hey-la-de-la-de-la.
She douches with Tide and makes her pubes fluffy,
Hey la-de-la-de-lo.
		-- Doctor Dirty


Johnny Carson's Definition:
	The smallest interval of time known to man is that which occurs
	in Manhattan between the traffic signal turning green and the
	taxi driver behind you blowing his horn.


Telepression, n.:
	The deep-seated guilt which stems from knowing that you did not
	try hard enough to look up the number on your own and instead
	put the burden on the directory assistant.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


One man's brain plus one other will produce one half as many ideas as
one man would have produced alone.  These two plus two more will
produce half again as many ideas.  These four plus four more begin to
represent a creative meeting, and the ratio changes to one quarter as
many ...
		-- Anthony Chevins


	"For I perceive that behind this seemingly unrelated sequence
of events, there lurks a singular, sinister attitude of mind."

	"Whose?"

	"MINE! HA-HA!"


All laws are simulations of reality.
		-- John C. Lilly


We are sorry.  We cannot complete your call as dialed.  Please check
the number and dial again or ask your operator for assistance.

This is a recording.


Legalize free-enterprise murder: why should governments have all the
fun?


Peanut Blossoms

4 cups sugar		16 tbsp. milk
4 cups brown sugar	4 tsp. vanilla
4 cups shortening	14 cups flour
8 eggs			4 tsp. soda
4 cups peanut butter	4 tsp. salt

Shape dough into balls. Roll in sugar and bake on ungreased
cookie sheet at 375 F. for 10-12 minutes.  Immediately top
each cookie with a Hershey's kiss or star pressing down firmly
to crack cookie.  Makes a hell of a lot.


I never said all Democrats were saloonkeepers;
what I said was all saloonkeepers were Democrats.


A sense of humor keen enough to show a man his own absurdities will keep
him from the commission of all sins, or nearly all, save those that are
worth committing.
		-- Samuel Butler


A husky foreigner, looking for sex, accepted a prostitute's terms.  When
she undressed, he noticed that she had no pubic hair.  The man shouted,
"What, no wool?  In my country all women have wool down there."
	The prostitute snapped back, "What do you want to do, knit or fuck?"


Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Tempest"


What do you have when you have six lawyers buried up to their necks in sand?
Not enough sand.


"You are old," said the youth, "and your programs don't run,
	And there isn't one language you like;
Yet of useful suggestions for help you have none --
	Have you thought about taking a hike?"

"Since I never write programs," his father replied,
	"Every language looks equally bad;
Yet the people keep paying to read all my books
	And don't realize that they've been had."


FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #5

	Don't wear your spurs while making love in a waterbed.


Mental things which have not gone in through the
senses are vain and bring forth no truth except detrimental.
		-- Leonardo


A mouse is a device used to point at the xterm you want to type in.


Kirkland, Illinois, law forbids bees to fly over the village or through
any of its streets.


Candy
Is dandy
But liquor
Is quicker.
		-- Ogden Nash, "Reflections on Ice-Breaking"

Fortune updates the great quotes: #53.
	Candy is dandy; but liquor is quicker,
	and sex won't rot your teeth.


So much
depends
upon
a red

wheel
barrow
glazed with

rain
water
beside
the white
chickens.
		-- William Carlos Williams, "The Red Wheel Barrow"


To find a friend one must close one eye; to keep him -- two.
		-- Norman Douglas


Hear about...
	the guy who took a course in exotic lovemaking and announced that
	he'd never be able to face his girl again?


Reporter:   "How did you like school when you were growing up, Yogi?"
Yogi Berra: "Closed."


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#9

Laundry:
	Women do laundry every couple of days.  A man will wear every article
of clothing he owns, including his surgical pants that were hip about eight
years ago, before he will do his laundry.  When he is finally out of clothes,
he will wear a dirty sweatshirt inside out, rent a U-Haul and take his mountain
of clothes to the laundromat.  Men always expect to meet beautiful women at
the laundromat.  This is a myth.

Nicknames:
	If Gloria, Suzanne, Deborah and Michelle get together for lunch,
they will call each other Gloria, Suzanne, Deborah and Michelle.  But if
Mike, Dave, Rob and Jack go out for a brewsky, they will affectionately
refer to each other as Bullet-Head, Godzilla, Peanut Brain and Useless.

Socks:
	Men wear sensible socks.  They wear standard white sweatsocks.
Women wear strange socks.  They are cut way below the ankles, have pictures
of clouds on them, and have a big fuzzy ball on the back.


The camel died quite suddenly on the second day, and Selena fretted
sullenly and, buffing her already impeccable nails -- not for the first
time since the journey began -- pondered snidely if this would dissolve
into a vignette of minor inconveniences like all the other holidays spent
with Basil.
		-- Winning sentence, 1983 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

Bug reports now amount to an average of 12,853 per day.  Unfortunately,
this is only a small fraction [ < 1% ] of the mail volume we receive.  In
order that we may more expeditiously deal with these valuable messages,
please communicate them by one of the following paths:

	ARPA:  WastebasketSLMHQ.ARPA
	UUCP:  [berkeley, seismo, harpo]!fubar!thekid!slmhq!wastebasket
	Non-network sites:  Federal Express to:
		Wastebasket
		Room NE43-926
		Copernicus, The Moon, 12345-6789
	For that personal contact feeling call 1-415-642-4948; our trained
	operators are on call 24 hours a day.  VISA/MC accepted.*

* Our very rich lawyers have assured us that we are not
  responsible for any errors or advice given over the phone.


The greatest productive force is human selfishness.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil.
		-- Victor Hugo


