Take me drunk,
I'm home again!


When you are about to die, a wombat is better than no company at all.
		-- Roger Zelazny, "Doorways in the Sand"


C makes it easy for you to shoot yourself in the foot.  C++ makes that
harder, but when you do, it blows away your whole leg.
		-- Bjarne Stroustrup


If something has not yet gone wrong then it would
ultimately have been beneficial for it to go wrong.


For some reason, this fortune reminds everyone of Marvin Zelkowitz.


He that breaks a thing to find out what it is has left the path of wisdom.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


Darling: the popular form of address used in speaking to a member of the
opposite sex whose name you cannot at the moment remember.
		-- Oliver Herford


There's no use in having a dog and doing your own barking.


There's more than one way to skin a cat:
	#33 -- A bicycle pump.


Rules for driving in New York:
	1) Anything done while honking your horn is legal.
	2) You may park anywhere if you turn your four-way flashers on.
	3) A red light means the next six cars may go through the
		intersection.


Probably the question asked most often is: Do one-celled animals have
orgasms?  The answer is yes, they have orgasms almost constantly, which
is why they don't mind living in pools of warm slime.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sex and the Single Amoeba: What Every
		   Teen Should Know"


In the olden days in England, you could be hung for stealing a sheep or a
loaf of bread.  However, if a sheep stole a loaf of bread and gave it to
you, you would only be tried for receiving, a crime punishable by forty
lashes with the cat or the dog, whichever was handy.  If you stole a dog
and were caught, you were punished with twelve rabbit punches, although it
was hard to find rabbits big enough or strong enough to punch you.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


When you're down and out, lift up your
voice and shout, "I'M DOWN AND OUT"!


: is not an identifier


CONFERENCE:
	A special meeting in which the boss gathers subordinates to hear
	what they have to say, so long as it doesn't conflict with what
	he's already decided to do.


If a putt passes over the hole without dropping, it is deemed to have dropped.
The law of gravity holds that any object attempting to maintain a position
in the atmosphere without something to support it must drop.  The law of
gravity supersedes the law of golf.
		-- Donald A. Metz


Here's something to think about:  How come you never see a headline like
`Psychic Wins Lottery.'
		-- Jay Leno


Saturday night in Toledo Ohio,
Is like being nowhere at all,
All through the day how the hours rush by,
You sit in the park and you watch the grass die.
		-- John Denver, "Saturday Night in Toledo Ohio"


Those who can, do; those who can't, simulate.


There is a time in the tides of men,
Which, taken at its flood, leads on to success.
On the other hand, don't count on it.
		-- T. K. Lawson


My parents went to Niagra Falls and all I got was this crummy life.


When you go into court you are putting your fate into the hands of twelve
people who weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty.
		-- Norm Crosby


And in the heartbreak years that lie ahead,
Be true to yourself and the Grateful Dead.
		-- Joan Baez


The right to revolt has sources deep in our history.
		-- Supreme Court Justice William O. Douglas


The bustard's a remarkable fowl
With surely no reason to growl
	He escapes what would be
	Illegitimacy
By the grace of a fortunate vowel.


She never liked zippers, she said,
Until she opened one in bed.


All the really good ideas I ever had came to me while I was milking a cow.
		-- Grant Wood


Laissez Faire Economics is the theory that if
each acts like a vulture, all will end as doves.


COMPLIMENT:
	When you say something to another which everyone knows isn't true.


New, adj.:
	Different color from previous model.


It's clever, but is it art?


He:	So, what do you say to little fuck?
She:	I say, "get lost, little fuck."


All men have the right to wait in line.


All men profess honesty as long as they can.
To believe all men honest would be folly.
To believe none so is something worse.
		-- John Quincy Adams


I told my doctor I got all the exercise I needed being a
pallbearer for all my friends who run and do exercises!
		-- Winston Churchill


There is no better way of exercising the imagination than the study of law.
No poet ever interpreted nature as freely as a lawyer interprets truth.
		-- Jean Giraudoux, "Tiger at the Gates"


Life is fraught with opportunities to keep your mouth shut.


A real friend isn't someone you use once and then throw away.
A real friend is someone you can use over and over again.


A fool is a man who worries about whether or not his lover has integrity.
A wise man, on the other hand, busies himself with deeper attributes.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #3

MIRACLE ON 42ND STREET:
	Santa Claus, in the off season, follows his heart's desire and
	tries to make it big on Broadway.  Santa sings and dances his way
	into your heart.


Here lies my wife: her let her lie!
Now she's at rest, and so am I.
		-- John Dryden, epitaph intended for his wife


Life should not be a journey to the grave with the intention
of arriving safely in a pretty and well preserved body, but
rather to skid in broadside, thoroughly used up, totally worn out,
and loudly proclaiming --WOW---What A RIDE!!


A bore is a man who talks so much about
himself that you can't talk about yourself.


And I alone am returned to wag the tail.


There is not a man in the country that can't make a living for himself and
family.  But he can't make a living for them *and* his government, too,
the way his government is living.  What the government has got to do is
live as cheap as the people.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


	"Where'd she get those crow's feet?"
	"You really want to know?"
	"Yeah."
	"From squinting and screaming, "Suck what!?"


Fat Liberation: because a waist is a terrible thing to mind.


I was the best I ever had.
		-- Woody Allen


You can fool all the people all of the time if the advertising is right
and the budget is big enough.
		-- Joseph E. Levine


My mother was a test tube; my father was a knife.
		-- Friday


Truth is stranger than fiction, because fiction has to make sense.


There's a whole WORLD in a mud puddle!
		-- Doug Clifford


When the fog came in on little cat feet last night, it left these little
muddy paw prints on the hood of my car.


What is tolerance? -- it is the consequence of humanity.  We are all formed
of frailty and error; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly -- that
is the first law of nature.
		-- Voltaire


I don't discriminate on the basis of sex.
		-- Bisexuality, 101
		[An equal opportunity lover?  Ed.]


The eagle may soar, but the weasel never gets sucked into a jet engine.


You probably wouldn't worry about what people
think of you if you could know how seldom they do.
		-- Olin Miller


A bunch of Polish scientists decided to flee their repressive government by
hijacking an airliner and forcing the pilot to fly them to the West.  They
drove to the airport, forced their way on board a large passenger jet, and
found there was no pilot on board.  Terrified, they listened as the sirens
got louder.  Finally, one of the scientists suggested that since he was an
experimentalist, he would try to fly the aircraft.
	He sat down at the controls and tried to figure them out.  The sirens
got louder and louder.  Armed men surrounded the jet.  The would be pilot's
friends cried out, "Please, please take off now!!!  Hurry!!!"
	The experimentalist calmly replied, "Have patience.  I'm just a simple
pole in a complex plane."


Incest, n.:
	Sibling revelry; a sport the whole family can enjoy.


The Pope is working on a crossword puzzle one Sunday afternoon.  He stops
for a moment, scratches his forehead, then asks a Cardinal, "Can you think
of a four-letter word for `woman' that ends in `u-n-t'?"
	"Aunt," replies the Cardinal.
	"Say, thanks," says the Pope.  "You got an eraser?"


"I wonder", he said to himself, "what's in a book while it's closed.  Oh, I
know it's full of letters printed on paper, but all the same, something must
be happening, because as soon as I open it, there's a whole story with people
I don't know yet and all kinds of adventures and battles."
		-- Bastian B. Bux


Publishing a volume of verse is like dropping
a rose petal down the Grand Canyon and waiting for the echo.


One thing they don't tell you about doing experimental physics is that
sometimes you must work under adverse conditions... like a state of sheer
terror.
		-- W. K. Hartmann


Think honk if you're a telepath.


Preserve wildlife -- pickle a squirrel today!


Good day for a change of scene.  Repaper the bedroom wall.


	I said, "Preacher, give me strength for round 5."
	He said, "What you need is to grow up, son."
	I said, "Growin' up leads to growin' old, And then to dying, and
to me that don't sound like much fun.
		-- John Cougar, "The Authority Song"


Hearts will never be practical until they can be made unbreakable.
		-- Frank Morgan as The Wizard, "The Wizard of Oz"


Take care of the luxuries and the
necessities will take care of themselves.
		-- L. Long


Oh, baby, put two fingers here and one finger there and call me bitch.


Impartial, adj.:
	Unable to perceive any promise of personal advantage from
	espousing either side of a controversy or adopting either of two
	conflicting opinions.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Mother is far too clever to understand anything she does not like.
		-- Arnold Bennett


If Jesus Christ came to this town, people would say, great guy; terrible
carpenter.
		-- Gene Kirkwood, on Hollywood


It will be advantageous to cross the great stream ... the Dragon is on
the wing in the Sky ... the Great Man rouses himself to his Work.


My Bonnie looked into a gas tank,
The height of its contents to see!
She lit a small match to assist her,
Oh, bring back my Bonnie to me.


You buy a judge by weight, like iron in a junk yard.  A justice of the
peace or a magistrate can be had for a five-dollar bill.  In the
municipal courts, he will cost you ten.  In the circuit or superior
courts, he wants fifteen.  The state appellate courts or the state
supreme court is on a par with the Federal courts.  By the time a judge
reaches such courts, he is middle-aged, thick around the middle, fat
between the ears.  He's heavy.  You can't buy a Federal judge for less
than a twenty-dollar bill.
		-- Jake "Greasy Thumb" Guzik


The graveyards are full of indispensable men.
		-- Charles de Gaulle


History is the version of past events that people have decided to agree on.
		-- Napoleon Bonaparte, "Maxims"


Warning: Listening to WXRT on April Fools' Day is not recommended for
those who are slightly disoriented the first few hours after waking
up.
		-- Chicago Reader 4/22/83


You would if you could but you can't so you won't.


To see the butcher slap the steak, before he laid it on the block,
and give his knife a sharpening, was to forget breakfast instantly.  It was
agreeable, too -it really was- to see him cut it off, so smooth and juicy.
There was nothing savage in the act, although the knife was large and keen;
it was a piece of art, high art; there was delicacy of touch, clearness of
tone, skillful handling of the subject, fine shading.  It was the triumph of
mind over matter; quite.
		-- Charles Dickens, "Martin Chuzzlewit"


This guy, see, was walkin' down the street sportin' two -- not one, but two
-- black eyes; a coupla real shiners.  He chanced upon his buddy walkin' th'
other way... they stopped to talk...  "Hey guy," sez his buddy, "where'd'ja
git them good lookin' shiners?  Musta been a helluva fight."
	"Well, actually, I got them in church," sez he.
	"Nowwaitaminnit," sez the friend, "nobody gits black eyes in church!"
	"I swear I did," sez he, "and here's how it happened.  We all got up
to sing a hymn, you see, and the fat lady in front of me got her dress all
stuck up in the crack of her butt, so bein' as how I'm a real gennulman an'
all, well, I leaned forward and pulled it out for her.  And you know what?
She just turned around, hauled off and slugged me one!"
	"Well," his buddy replies, after he can talk again, "that shore 'nuff
explains one of 'em.  Howdja git th' other one?"
	"Well," sez he, "like I said, I'm a gennulman, even when somebody does
me wrong, so when I saw she didn't like it like that, I stuck it back in."


Shouted Frosty the Snowman "Hooray!
I'm agog with excitement today!
	And the reason of course,
	A reliable source,
Said the snow blower's heading this way!"


For large values of one, one equals two, for small values of two.


Life is like a buffet; it's not good but there's plenty of it.


Cancel me not -- for what then shall remain?
Abscissas, some mantissas, modules, modes,
A root or two, a torus and a node:
The inverse of my verse, a null domain.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


Your fault - core dumped


	The man standing at the bar (in court, unfortunately) was well-
dressed, alert and obviously intelligent.  The judge asked him how he
pleaded to the charge of rape and, much to the magistrate's surprise, he
replied, "Not guilty by reason of insanity, your Honor."
	"Insanity?" exclaimed the judge.
	"Yes, sir," said the defendant.  "I'm just crazy about it."


Ambition, n.:
	An ant crawling up an elephant's leg with rape on his mind.


Sheriff Chameleotoptor sighed with an air of weary sadness, and then
turned to Doppelgutt and said 'The Senator must really have been on a
bender this time -- he left a party in Cleveland, Ohio, at 11:30 last
night, and they found his car this morning in the smokestack of a British
aircraft carrier in the Formosa Straits.'
		-- Grand Panjandrum's Special Award, 1985 Bulwer-Lytton
		   bad fiction contest.


What, still alive at twenty-two,
A clean upstanding chap like you?
Sure, if your throat 'tis hard to slit,
Slit your girl's, and swing for it.
Like enough, you won't be glad,
When they come to hang you, lad:
But bacon's not the only thing
That's cured by hanging from a string.
So, when the spilt ink of the night
Spreads o'er the blotting pad of light,
Lads whose job is still to do
Shall whet their knives, and think of you.
		-- Hugh Kingsmill


		William Safire's Rules for Writers:

Remember to never split an infinitive.  The passive voice should never
be used.  Do not put statements in the negative form.  Verbs has to
agree with their subjects.  Proofread carefully to see if you words
out.  If you reread your work, you can find on rereading a great deal
of repetition can be avoided by rereading and editing.  A writer must
not shift your point of view.  And don't start a sentence with a
conjunction.  (Remember, too, a preposition is a terrible word to end a
sentence with.)  Don't overuse exclamation marks!!  Place pronouns as
close as possible, especially in long sentences, as of 10 or more
words, to their antecedents.  Writing carefully, dangling participles
must be avoided.  If any word is improper at the end of a sentence, a
linking verb is.  Take the bull by the hand and avoid mixing
metaphors.  Avoid trendy locutions that sound flaky.  Everyone should
be careful to use a singular pronoun with singular nouns in their
writing.  Always pick on the correct idiom.  The adverb always follows
the verb.  Last but not least, avoid cliches like the plague; seek
viable alternatives.


Fortunate is he for whom the belle toils.


Take a look around you, tell me what you see,
A girl who thinks she's ordinary lookin' she has got the key.
If you can get close enough to look into her eyes
There's something special right behind the bitterness she hides.
	And you're fair game,
	You never know what she'll decide, you're fair game,
	Just relax, enjoy the ride.
Find a way to reach her, make yourself a fool,
But do it with a little class, disregard the rules.
'Cause this one knows the bottom line, couldn't get a date.
The ugly duckling striking back, and she'll decide her fate.
	(chorus)
The ones you never notice are the ones you have to watch.
She's pleasant and she's friendly while she's looking at your crotch.
Try your hand at conversation, gossip is a lie,
And sure enough she'll take you home and make you wanna die.
	(chorus)
		-- Crosby, Stills, Nash, "Fair Game"


Some marriages are made in heaven -- but so are thunder and lightning.


On a paper submitted by a physicist colleague:

This isn't right.  This isn't even wrong.
		-- Wolfgang Pauli


Q:	What's the difference between a cocker spaniel and a doberman
	pinscher humping your leg?
A:	You let the doberman finish.


It is only people of small moral stature who have to stand on their
dignity.


A private sin is not so prejudicial in the world as a public indecency.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


One day Adam, while wandering around the Garden of Eden, noticed that all
the animals seemed to come in pairs, male and female.  He also noted that
they seemed to enjoy being together a lot.  So, he went to his special
place and reported to God what he'd noticed.
	God, understanding his need, said, "Adam, the time has come for me
to provide you with a mate.  Go lie down and when you have fallen asleep, I
will create your mate."
	So Adam wandered off, found a nice patch of soft grass and fell
asleep.  Some time later he awoke, possibly due to a bit of pain in his
ribs, possibly because of the gorgeous woman leaning over him.  Remembering
the animals he'd seen having such fun, he immediately reached for her.
Pretty soon Adam's back at his special place.
	"God?"
	"Yes, Adam, what now?"
	"God, what's a headache?"


You can make it illegal, but you can't make it unpopular.


Some of the most interesting documents from Sweden's middle ages are the
old county laws (well, we never had counties but it's the nearest equivalent
I can find for "landskap").  These laws were written down sometime in the
13th century, but date back even down into Viking times.  The oldest one is
the Vastgota law which clearly has pagan influences, thinly covered with some
Christian stuff.  In this law, we find a page about "lekare", which is the
Old Norse word for a performing artist, actor/jester/musician etc.  Here is
an approximate translation, where I have written "artist" as equivalent of
"lekare".
	"If an artist is beaten, none shall pay fines for it.  If an artist
	is wounded, one such who goes with hurdie-gurdie or travels with
	fiddle or drum, then the people shall take a wild heifer and bring
	it out on the hillside.  Then they shall shave off all hair from the
	heifer's tail, and grease the tail.  Then the artist shall be given
	newly greased shoes.  Then he shall take hold of the heifer's tail,
	and a man shall strike it with a sharp whip.  If he can hold her, he
	shall have the animal.  If he cannot hold her, he shall endure what
	he received, shame and wounds."


Woman would be more charming if one could
fall into her arms without falling into her hands.
		-- DeGourmont


Probable-Possible, my black hen,
She lays eggs in the Relative When.
She doesn't lay eggs in the Positive Now
Because she's unable to postulate How.
		-- Frederick Winsor


Oz:	Guys, take a moment to deal with this.  We survived.
Buffy:	It was a hell of a battle.
Oz:	Not the battle.  High School.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Graduation Day, Part Two"
		   Season 3, Episode 22


Dear Mr. Seldes:  I cannot remember the exact wording of the statement
to which you allude; but what I meant was that ... a man who calls
himself a 100% American and is proud of it, is generally 150% an idiot
politically.  But the designations may be good business for war
veterans.  Having bled for their country in 1861 and 1918, they have
bled it all they could consequently.  And why not?
		-- George Seldes, "The Great Quotations"


