There's too much beauty upon this earth for lonely men to bear.
		-- Richard Le Gallienne


Being a woman is of special interest only to aspiring male transsexuals.
To actual women it is merely a good excuse not to play football.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"


My schoolmates would make love to anything that moved, but I never saw any
reason to limit myself.
		-- Emo Philips


One good suit is worth a thousand resumes.


The cost of living has just gone up another dollar a quart.
		-- W. C. Fields


Nuke the unborn gay female whales for Jesus.


One seldom sees a monument to a committee.


It's not the ups and downs of love, it's the ins and outs.


The wages of sin are unreported.


Sam:	What's going on, Normie?
Norm:	My birthday, Sammy.  Give me a beer, stick a candle in
	it, and I'll blow out my liver.
		-- Cheers, Where Have All the Floorboards Gone

Woody:	Hey, Mr. P.  How goes the search for Mr. Clavin?
Norm:	Not as well as the search for Mr. Donut.
	Found him every couple of blocks.
		-- Cheers, Head Over Hill


Ever notice that the women who are against abortion are the ones you
wouldn't want to fuck in the first place?
		-- George Carlin


The only justification for our concepts and systems of concepts is
that they serve to represent the complex of our experiences;
beyond this they have no legitimacy.
		-- Albert Einstein


Ask five economists and you'll get five different explanations (six if
one went to Harvard).
		-- Edgar R. Fiedler


He who foresees calamities suffers them twice over.


Politicians are the same everywhere.  They promise
to build a bridge even where there is no river.
		-- Nikita Khrushchev


Tear leather:
	To become excited, as in the sentence "Robin Hood tore
	his leather jerkin' off."


Our congratulations go to a Burlington Vermont civilian employee of the
local Army National Guard base.  He recently received a substantial cash
award from our government for inventing a device for optical scanning.
His device reportedly will save the government more than $6 million a year
by replacing a more expensive helicopter maintenance tool with his own,
home-made, hand-held model.

Not surprisingly, we also have a couple of money-saving ideas that we submit
to the Pentagon free of charge:

	a. Don't kill anybody.
	b. Don't build things that do.
	c. And don't pay other people to kill anybody.

We expect annual savings to be in the billions.
		-- Sojourners


Support your local police force -- steal!!


Whenever anyone says, "theoretically," they really mean "not really".
		-- Dave Parnas


If Ricky Schroder and Gary Coleman had a fight on television with
pool cues, who would win?
	1) Ricky Schroder
	2) Gary Coleman
	3) The television viewing public
		-- David Letterman


Whistler's Law:
	You never know who is right, but you always know who is in charge.


I don't object to sex before marriage, but two minutes before?!?


* UNIX is a Trademark of Bell Laboratories.


"I'm a doctor, not a mechanic."
		-- "The Doomsday Machine", when asked if he had heard of
		   the idea of a doomsday machine.
"I'm a doctor, not an escalator."
		-- "Friday's Child", when asked to help the very pregnant
		   Ellen up a steep incline.
"I'm a doctor, not a bricklayer."
		-- "Devil in the Dark", when asked to patch up the Horta.
"I'm a doctor, not an engineer."
		-- "Mirror, Mirror", when asked by Scotty for help in
		   Engineering aboard the USS Enterprise.
"I'm a doctor, not a coal miner."
		-- "The Empath", on being beneath the surface of Minara 2.
"I'm a surgeon, not a psychiatrist."
		-- "City on the Edge of Forever", on Edith Keeler's remark
		   that Kirk talked strangely.
"I'm no magician, Spock, just an old country doctor."
		-- "The Deadly Years", to Spock while trying to cure the
		   aging effects of the rogue comet near Gamma Hydra 4.
"What am I, a doctor or a moon shuttle conductor?"
		-- "The Corbomite Maneuver", when Kirk rushed off from a
		   physical exam to answer the alert.


	"That wife of mine is a liar," said the angry husband to a
sympathetic pal seated next to him in a bar.
	"How do you know?" the friend asked.
	"She didn't come home last night, and when I asked her where
she'd been she said she'd spent the night with her sister Shirley."
	"So?"
	"So, she's a liar.  I spent the night with her sister Shirley."


Don't try to have the last word -- you might get it.
		-- Lazarus Long


FORTRAN is not a flower but a weed -- it is hardy,
occasionally blooms, and grows in every computer.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


Give a small boy a hammer and he will find
that everything he encounters needs pounding.


Two peanuts were walking through the New York.  One was assaulted.


Gordon's Law:
	If you think you have the solution, the question was poorly phrased.


Decemba, n:	The 12th month of the year.
erra, n:	A mistake.
faa, n:		To, from, or at considerable distance.
Linder, n:	A female name.
memba, n:	To recall to the mind; think of again.
New Hampsha, n:	A state in the northeast United States.
New Yaak, n:	Another state in the northeast United States.
Novemba, n:	The 11th month of the year.
Octoba, n:	The 10th month of the year.
ova, n:		Location above or across a specified position.  What the
			season is when the Knicks quit playing.
		-- Massachewsetts Unabridged Dictionary


TAKE FORCEFUL ACTION:
	Do something that should have been done a long time ago.


Mount St. Helens should have used earth control.


Alex came home from a business trip to Chicago and found no one home but his
daughter Rose, who was crying bitterly.
	"What's the matter, darling?" asked Alex.
	"Mommy almost died last night," sobbed Rose.
	"That's nonsense," said the father.  "Why do you say that?"
	"Well," said Rose,"you always told us that when we die we'll see God;
so when I heard Mommy moaning last night I rushed to her bedroom and she was
screaming, "Oh God, here I come," and she would have but Uncle Jerry held her
down."


I have more humility in my little finger than you have in your whole
_B_O_D_Y!
		-- from "Cerebus" #82


You can't cheat the phone company.


Halley's Comet: It came, we saw, we drank.


Honesty is for the most part less profitable than dishonesty.
		-- Plato


Let's say your wedding ring falls into your toaster, and when you stick your
hand in to retrieve it, you suffer Pain and Suffering as well as Mental
Anguish.  You would sue:

* The toaster manufacturer, for failure to include, in the instructions
  section that says you should never never never ever stick you hand
  into the toaster, the statement "Not even if your wedding ring falls
  in there".

* The store where you bought the toaster, for selling it to an obvious
  cretin like yourself.

* Union Carbide Corporation, which is not directly responsible in this
  case, but which is feeling so guilty that it would probably send you
  a large cash settlement anyway.
		-- Dave Barry


The only difference between the saint and the sinner is that
every saint has a past and every sinner has a future.
		-- Oscar Wilde


68:
	Do me now and I'll owe you one.


Drink and dance and laugh and lie
Love, the reeling midnight through
For tomorrow we shall die!
(But, alas, we never do.)
		-- Dorothy Parker, "The Flaw in Paganism"


Gone With The Wind LITE(tm)
	-- by Margaret Mitchell

	A woman only likes men she can't have and the South gets trashed.

Gift of the Magii LITE(tm)
	-- by O. Henry

	A husband and wife forget to register their gift preferences.

The Old Man and the Sea LITE(tm)
	-- by Ernest Hemingway

	An old man goes fishing, but doesn't have much luck.

Diary of a Young Girl LITE(tm)
	-- by Anne Frank

	A young girl hides in an attic but is discovered.


When Alexander Graham Bell died in 1922, the telephone people
interrupted service for one minute in his honor.  They've been
honoring him intermittently ever since, I believe.
		-- The Grab Bag


If I 'cp /bin/csh /dev/audio' shouldn't I hear the ocean?
		-- Danno Coppock


A sad spectacle.  If they be inhabited, what a scope for misery and folly.
If they be not inhabited, what a waste of space.
		-- Thomas Carlyle, looking at the stars


Clone, n.:
	1. An exact duplicate, as in "our product is a clone of their
	product."  2. A shoddy, spurious copy, as in "their product
	is a clone of our product."


Finagle's Seventh Law:
	The perversity of the universe tends toward a maximum.


TRUST ME:
	Translation of the Latin "caveat emptor."


Q:	Heard about the <ethnic> who couldn't spell?
A:	He spent the night in a warehouse.


The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings;
the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of misery.
		-- Winston Churchill


I always wake up at the crack of ice.
		-- Joe E. Lewis


President Thieu says he'll quit if he doesn't get more than 50%
of the vote.  In a democracy, that's not called quitting.
		-- The Washington Post


Nasrudin called at a large house to collect for charity.  The servant said
"My master is out."  Nasrudin replied, "Tell your master that next time he
goes out, he should not leave his face at the window.  Someone might steal
it."


Nemo me impune lacessit
	[No one provokes me with impunity]
		-- Motto of the Crown of Scotland


DISCLAIMER:
Use of this advanced computing technology does not imply
an endorsement of Western industrial civilization.


A Code of Honour: never approach a friend's girlfriend or wife with mischief
as your goal.  There are too many women in the world to justify that sort of
dishonourable behaviour.  Unless she's really attractive.
		-- Bruce J. Friedman, "Sex and the Lonely Guy"


Why do mathematicians insist on using words that already have another
meaning?  "It is the complex case that is easier to deal with."  "If it
doesn't happen at a corner, but at an edge, it nonetheless happens at a
corner."


On a clear disk you can seek forever.
		-- P. Denning


Gimme that old bisexuality,
Gimme that old bisexuality,
Gimme that old bisexuality,
'Cause it's good enough for me!

It was good for David Bowie,
It was good for David Bowie,
It was good for David Bowie,
And it's good enough for me!


SCENARIO:
	An imagined sequence of events that provides the context in
	which a business decision is made.  Scenarios always come in
	sets of three: best case, worst case, and just in case.


If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward,
then we are a sorry lot indeed.
		-- Albert Einstein


Let us remember that ours is a nation of lawyers and order.


To see a need and wait to be asked, is to already refuse.


QOTD:
	"I don't think they could put him in a mental hospital.  On the
other hand, if he were already in, I don't think they'd let him out."


The road to hell is paved with good intentions.  And littered with
sloppy analysis!


No Marxist can deny that the interests of socialism are higher
than the interests of the right of nations to self-determination.
		-- Lenin, 1918


	7,140	pounds on the Sun
	   97	pounds on Mercury or Mars
	  255	pounds on Earth
	  232	pounds on Venus or Uranus
	   43	pounds on the Moon
	  648	pounds on Jupiter
	  275	pounds on Saturn
	  303	pounds on Neptune
	   13	pounds on Pluto

		-- How much Elvis Presley would weigh at various places
		   in the solar system.


First you get down on your knees,	Get in line in that processional,
Fiddle with your rosaries,		Step into that small confessional,
Bow your head with great respect,	There the guy who's got religion'll
And genuflect, genuflect, genuflect!	Tell you if your sins' original.
Do whatever steps you want if		If it is, try playin' it safer,
You have cleared them with the Pontiff,	Drink the wine and chew the wafer,
Ev'rybody say his own			Two, four, six eight,
Kyrie eleison,				Time to transubstantiate!
Doin' the Vatican Rag.

So get down upon your knees,		Make a cross on your abdomen,
Fiddle with your rosaries,		When in Rome do like a Roman,
Bow your head with great respect,	Ave Maria,
And genuflect, genuflect, genuflect!	Gee, it's good to see ya,
	Gettin' ecstatic an' sorta dramatic an' Doin' the Vatican Rag!
		-- Tom Lehrer, "The Vatican Rag"


Mistrust first impulses; they are always right.


Why does a ship carry cargo and a truck carry shipments?


Ehrman's Commentary:
	(1) Things will get worse before they get better.
	(2) Who said things would get better?


Article the Third:
	Where a crime of the kidneys has been committed, the accused should
	enjoy the right to a speedy diaper change.  Public announcements and
	guided tours of the aforementioned are not necessary.
Article the Fourth:
	The decision to eat strained lamb or not should be with the "feedee"
	and not the "feeder".  Blowing the strained lamb into the feeder's
	face should be accepted as an opinion, not as a declaration of war.
Article the Fifth:
	Babies should enjoy the freedom to vocalize, whether it be in church,
	a public meeting place, during a movie, or after hours when the
	lights are out.  They have not yet learned that joy and laughter have
	to last a lifetime and must be conserved.
		-- Erma Bombeck, "A Baby's Bill of Rights"


Love is the only game that is not called on account of darkness.
		-- M. Hirschfield


You don't become a failure until you're satisfied with being one.


	"Gee, Mudhead, everyone at Morse Science High has an
extracurricular activity except you."
	"Well, gee, doesn't Louise count?"
	"Only to ten, Mudhead."
		-- The Firesign Theatre


I'm prepared for all emergencies but
totally unprepared for everyday life.


I have a box of telephone rings under my bed.  Whenever I get lonely, I
open it up a little bit, and I get a phone call.  One day I dropped the
box all over the floor.  The phone wouldn't stop ringing.  I had to get
it disconnected.  So I got a new phone.  I didn't have much money, so I
had to get an irregular.  It doesn't have a five.  I ran into a friend
of mine on the street the other day.  He said why don't you give me a
call.  I told him I can't call everybody I want to anymore, my phone
doesn't have a five.  He asked how long had it been that way.  I said I
didn't know -- my calendar doesn't have any sevens.
		-- Steven Wright


There is no fool to the old fool.
		-- John Heywood


Coito ergo sum


Everybody likes a kidder, but nobody lends him money.
		-- Arthur Miller


Higgledy Piggledy		Coeducational
Yale University			Extracurricular
Gave up misogyny		Heterosexual
Opened its door.		Fun is in store.


Live within your income, even if you have to borrow to do so.
		-- Josh Billings


Cutler Webster's Law:
	There are two sides to every argument, unless a person
	is personally involved, in which case there is only one.


I'm not laughing behind your back; everything funny is in front!
		-- Rodney Dangerfield's wife


Californians are a strange people.  They'll put every chemical known to God
and man up their nostrils and then laugh at you for putting sugar in your
coffee.


She called her parakeet Onan, because he spilled his seed.
		-- Dorothy Parker


My love runs by like a day in June,
	And he makes no friends of sorrows.
He'll tread his galloping rigadoon
	In the pathway or the morrows.
He'll live his days where the sunbeams start
	Nor could storm or wind uproot him.
My own dear love, he is all my heart --
	And I wish somebody'd shoot him.
		-- Dorothy Parker, part 3


He keeps differentiating, flying off on a tangent.


If practice makes perfect, and nobody's perfect, why practice?


