Would you mind terribly much if I asked you to take your silly-assed
problem down the hall?


FreeBSD: It's 3am at night.  Do you know where your fairings are?


Until Eve arrived, this was a man's world.
		-- Richard Armour


Thinks't thou existence doth depend on time?
It doth; but actions are our epochs; mine
Have made my days and nights imperishable,
Endless, and all alike, as sands on the shore,
Innumerable atoms; and one desert,
Barren and cold, on which the wild waves break,
But nothing rests, save carcasses and wrecks,
Rocks, and the salt-surf weeds of bitterness.


A man may sometimes be forgiven the kiss to which he is not entitled,
but never the kiss he has not the initiative to claim.


We must!  We must!
We must increase our bust!
The bigger the better!
The tighter the sweater!
And the boys will think more of us!


C'est magnifique, mais ce n'est pas la guerre!


Let us never negotiate out of fear,
but let us never fear to negotiate.
		-- John F. Kennedy


No, I don't have a drinking problem.
I drink, I get drunk, I fall down.  No problem!


Lucas is the source of many of the components of the legendarily reliable
British automotive electrical systems.  Professionals call the company "The
Prince of Darkness".  Of course, if Lucas were to design and manufacture
nuclear weapons, World War III would never get off the ground.  The British
don't like warm beer any more than the Americans do.  The British drink warm
beer because they have Lucas refrigerators.


When I was eight years old I came home with tears in my eyes because some
kids had stolen my sandwich.  My father handed me an ice pick, and said,
"Next time, hit 'em first and hit 'em hard."
		-- Jake LaMotta

You can't go into the ring and be a nice guy.  I would go a month, two
months, without having sex.  It worked for me because it made me a
vicious animal. You can't fight if you have any compassion or anything
like that.
		-- Jake LaMotta


Gosh that takes me back... or is it forward?  That's the trouble with
time travel, you never can tell.
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who: Androids of Tara"


Hailing frequencies open, Captain.


Joe sat as his dying wife's bedside.
Her voice was little more than a whisper.
	"Joe, darling," she breathed, "I've got a confession to make
before I go.  I ... I'm the one who took the $10,000 from your safe...
I spent it on a fling with your best friend, Charles.  And it was I who
forced your mistress to leave the city.  And I am the one who reported
your income-tax evasion to the I.R.S..."
	"That's all right, dearest, don't give it a second thought,"
whispered Joe. "I'm the one who poisoned you."


Smoking is, as far as I'm concerned, the entire point of being an adult.
		-- Fran Lebowitz


ASS:
	The masculine of "lass".


A woman takes off her claim to respect along with her garments.
		-- Herodotus


	"Do you cheat on your wife?" asked the psychiatrist.
	"Who else?" answered the patient.


Why do seagulls live near the sea?
'Cause if they lived near the bay, they'd be called baygulls.


"Good health" is merely the slowest rate at which one can die.


Texas is Hell on woman and horses.
		-- Wayne Oakes


... we must counterpose the overwhelming judgment provided by consistent
observations and inferences by the thousands.  The earth is billions of
years old and its living creatures are linked by ties of evolutionary
descent.  Scientists stand accused of promoting dogma by so stating, but
do we brand people illiberal when they proclaim that the earth is neither
flat nor at the center of the universe?  Science *has* taught us some
things with confidence!  Evolution on an ancient earth is as well
established as our planet's shape and position.  Our continuing struggle
to understand how evolution happens (the "theory of evolution") does not
cast our documentation of its occurrence -- the "fact of evolution" --
into doubt.
		-- Stephen Jay Gould, "The Verdict on Creationism",
		   The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. XII No. 2.


Agnes' Law:
	Almost everything in life is easier to get into than out of.


Dull women have immaculate homes.


Nobody really knows what happiness is, until they're married.
And then it's too late.


The fashionable drawing rooms of London have always been happy to accept
outsiders -- if only on their own, albeit undemanding terms.  That is to
say, artists, so long as they are not too talented, men of humble birth,
so long as they have since amassed several million pounds, and socialists
so long as they are Tories.
		-- Christopher Booker


Snakes.  Why did it have to be snakes?


Newton's Fourth Law:  Every action has an equal and opposite satisfaction.


Boy!  Eucalyptus!


Dozens of bears are found dead in Alaska and Canada every summer, killed
by blood lost to the voracious mosquito.  The estimated life-expectancy
of a naked man on the tundra in summer is about 15 minutes.  In that
time, approximately 250,000 mosquitoes would have drawn enough blood to
kill him.
		-- Gus McLeavy, "Day-by-Day Trivia Almanac"


You are deeply attached to your friends and acquaintances.


Pardo's First Postulate:
	Anything good in life is either illegal, immoral, or
fattening.

Arnold's Addendum:
	Anything not fitting into these categories causes cancer in rats.


SUGAR DADDY:
	A man who can afford to raise cain.


You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.


Please forgive me if, in the heat of battle,
I sometimes forget which side I'm on.


History has the relation to truth that theology has to religion --
i.e., none to speak of.
		-- Lazarus Long


The world has many unintentionally cruel mechanisms that are not
designed for people who walk on their hands.
		-- John Irving, "The World According to Garp"


It is like saying that for the cause of peace,
God and the Devil will have a high-level meeting.
		-- Rev. Carl McIntire, on Nixon's China trip


On Monday mornings I am dedicated to the
proposition that all men are created jerks.
		-- H. Allen Smith, "Let the Crabgrass Grow"


The only difference between your current lover and a doorknob is
that a doorknob warms up when you hold it.


Whatever is not nailed down is mine.  What I can pry loose is not
nailed down.
		-- Collis P. Huntingdon


There once was a Sailor who looked through a glass
And spied a fair mermaid with scales on her... island.
Where seagulls flew over their nest.
She combed the long hair which hung over her... shoulders.
And caused her to tickle and itch.
The sailor cried out "There's a beautiful... mermaid.
A sittin' out there on the rocks."
The crew came a running, all grabbing their... glasses.
And crowded four deep to the rail.
All eager to share in this fine piece of... news.
...
"Throw out a line and we'll lasso her... flippers.
And soon we will certainly find
If mermaids are better before or be... brave
My dear fellows," The captain cried out.
And cursing with spleen.
This song may be dull, but it's certainly clean.
		-- "The Clean Song", Oscar Brandt


She applies her lipstick in spite of its contents: "greasy rouge,
containing crushed and dried insect corpses for coloring, beeswax
for stiffness, and olive oil to help it flow - the latter having
the unfortunate tendency to go rancid several hours after use.

In 1924 the New York Board of Health considered banning lipstick,
not because it was hazardous to the wearers but because of "the
worry that it might poison the men who kissed the women who wore it."
		-- David Bodanis, "The Secret House"


Gosh that takes me back... or is it forward?  That's the trouble with
time travel, you never can tell.
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who: Androids of Tara"


And on the eighth day, we bulldozed it.


It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.


Gaiety is the most outstanding feature of the Soviet Union.
		-- Joseph Stalin


The cart has no place where a fifth wheel could be used.
		-- Herbert von Fritzlar


An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile -- hoping that it will eat
him last.
		-- Sir Winston Churchill, 1954


Such efforts are almost always slow, laborious, political,
petty, boring, ponderous, thankless, and of the utmost criticality.
		-- Leonard Kleinrock, on standards efforts


When you dial a wrong number you never get a busy signal.


Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral?
It is because we are not the person involved.
		-- Mark Twain


The lights are on,
but you're not home;
Your will
is not your own;
Your heart sweats,
Your teeth grind;
Another kiss
and you'll be mine...

You like to think that you're immune to the stuff
(Oh Yeah!)
It's closer to the truth to say you can't get enough;
You know you're gonna have to face it,
You're addicted to love!"
		-- Robert Palmer


Fat Liberation: because a waist is a terrible thing to mind.


Anyone who goes to a psychiatrist ought to have his head examined.
		-- Samuel Goldwyn


If the aborigine drafted an IQ test, all of Western civilization would
presumably flunk it.
		-- Stanley Garn


To whom the mornings are like nights,
What must the midnights be!
		-- Emily Dickinson (on hacking?)


The San Francisco police are nothing if not sensitive to the mood of the
community.  The word is that Dirty Harry has been replaced by Bitchy Gerald.


Well, it's hard for a mere man to believe that woman doesn't have equal
rights.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


Close the door, let me give you what you've been waiting for!!


FLASH!
Intelligence of mankind decreasing.
Details at ... uh, when the little hand is on the ....


Laws of Computer Programming:
	1. Any given program, when running, is obsolete.
	2. Any given program costs more and takes longer.
	3. If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.
	4. If a program is useless, it will have to be documented.
	5. Any given program will expand to fill all available memory.
	6. The value of a program is proportional the weight of its output.
	7. Program complexity grows until it exceeds the capability of
		the programmer who must maintain it.


I am very fond of the company of ladies.  I like their beauty,
I like their delicacy, I like their vivacity, and I like their silence.
		-- Samuel Johnson


What the deuce is it to me?  You say that we go around the sun.  If we went
around the moon it would not make a pennyworth of difference to me or my work.
		-- Sherlock Holmes, "A Study in Scarlet"


Q:	How many people from New Jersey does it take to change a light
	bulb?
A:	Three.  One to do it, one to watch, and the third to shoot the
	witness.


Welcome to Fortune Blackmail!!
	This is the first of a series of revelations which could
	add up to a divorce, premature retirement and possible
	criminal proceedings for a company vice-president in Langley Virginia.
	So, Mr. S*****, $10,000 please to stop us from revealing:
		1: Whose shoulders you were sitting on.
		2: What you were doing.
		3: The names of the three people involved.
		4: The youth organization to which they belonged.
		5: The shop where you bought the equipment.


The reason computer chips are so small is computers don't eat much.


Reformed, n.:
	A synagogue that closes for the Jewish holidays.


Fat dirty farts came spluttering out of your backside.  You had an arse full
of farts that night, darling, and I fucked them out of you, big fat fellows,
long windy ones, quick little merry cracks...
		-- James Joyce


f u cn rd ths, u cn gt a gd jb n cmptr prgrmmng.


So, what's with this guy Gideon, anyway?
And why can't he ever remember his Bible?


The system will be down for 10 days for preventative maintenance.


I got this powdered water -- now I don't know what to add.
		-- Steven Wright


Argue for your limitations, and sure enough, they're yours.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


Brooke's Law:
	Whenever a system becomes completely defined, some damn fool
	discovers something which either abolishes the system or
	expands it beyond recognition.


Life can be so tragic -- you're here today and here tomorrow.


Saint Peteer was once heard to boast
That he'd had all the heavenly host:
	The Father and Son,
	And then - just for fun -
The hole in the Holy Ghost.


In war it is not men, but the man who counts.
		-- Napoleon


Money can't buy love, but it improves your bargaining position.
		-- Christopher Marlowe


I have sacrificed time, health, and fortune, in the desire to complete these
Calculating Engines.  I have also declined several offers of great personal
advantage to myself.  But, notwithstanding the sacrifice of these advantages
for the purpose of maturing an engine of almost intellectual power, and
after expending from my own private fortune a larger sum than the government
of England has spent on that machine, the execution of which it only
commenced, I have received neither an acknowledgment of my labors, nor even
the offer of those honors or rewards which are allowed to fall within the
reach of men who devote themselves to purely scientific investigations...
	If the work upon which I have bestowed so much time and thought were
a mere triumph over mechanical difficulties, or simply curious, or if the
execution of such engines were of doubtful practicability or utility, some
justification might be found for the course which has been taken; but I
venture to assert that no mathematician who has a reputation to lose will
ever publicly express an opinion that such a machine would be useless if
made, and that no man distinguished as a civil engineer will venture to
declare the construction of such machinery impracticable...
	And at a period when the progress of physical science is obstructed
by that exhausting intellectual and manual labor, indispensable for its
advancement, which it is the object of the Analytical Engine to relieve, I
think the application of machinery in aid of the most complicated and abstruse
calculations can no longer be deemed unworthy of the attention of the country.
In fact, there is no reason why mental as well as bodily labor should not
be economized by the aid of machinery.
		-- Charles Babbage, "The Life of a Philosopher"


Little known facts: the dirtiest words used on television during the
1950's were uttered by June Cleaver.
	"Gee, Ward, weren't you a little hard on the Beaver last night?"


He who has but four and spends five has no need for a wallet.


Kludge, n.:
	An ill-assorted collection of poorly-matching parts, forming a
	distressing whole.
		-- Jackson Granholm, "Datamation"


I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas.
I'm frightened of the old ones.
		-- John Cage


Don't you feel more like you do now than you did when you came in?


Hear about...
	the Ayatollah Khomeini Doll?
	Wind it up and it takes Ken and Barbie hostage.


A lifetime isn't nearly long enough to figure out what it's all about.


I was having sex just the other night, but she hung up.


I have gained this by philosophy:
that I do without being commanded what others
do only from fear of the law.
		-- Aristotle


A bachelor never quite gets over the idea that he is a thing of beauty
and a boy for ever.
		-- Helen Rowland


	Young men and young women may work systematically six days in the
week and rise fresh in the morning, but let them attend modern dances for
only a few hours each evening and see what happens.  The Waltz, Polka,
Gallop and other dances of the same kind will be disastrous in their effects
to both sexes.  Health and vigor will vanish like the dew before the sun.
	It is not the extraordinary exercise which harms the dancer, but
rather the coming into close contact with the opposite sex.  It is the
fury of lust craving incessantly for more pleasure that undermines the
soul, the body, the sinews and nerves.  Experience and statistics show
beyond doubt that passionate excessive dancing girls can hardly reach
twenty-five years of age and men thirty-one.  Even if they reached that
age they will in most instances be broken in health physically and morally.
This is the claim of prominent physicians in this country.
		-- Quote from a 1910 periodical


A Law of Computer Programming:
	Make it possible for programmers to write in English
	and you will find that programmers cannot write in English.


A traveling circus was performing in a small town, around the turn of the
century, when many of the circus animals were still considered to be very
rare and exotic.  One night one of the elephants escaped.  It was hungry
and found a garden in a little old lady's backyard.  The woman, who had
never before seen an elephant, was hysterical and called the police.

Little Old Lady:  "There's a *huge* monster in my garden!
Police:	"Calm down, ma'am, everything will be all right.  Now exactly what
	does it look like?"
LOL:	"It's a dark color and it's tremendous!  It's pulling up my
	vegetables with its tail!"
Police:	"With its tail?  Then what's it doing?"
LOL:	"You wouldn't believe me if I told you!"


Dreams are free, but there's a small charge for alterations.


TEX is potentially the most significant invention in typesetting in this
century.  It introduces a standard language for computer typography, and in
terms of importance could rank near the introduction of the Gutenberg press.
		-- Gordon Bell


To whom the mornings are like nights,
What must the midnights be!
		-- Emily Dickinson (on hacking?)


To be patriotic, hate all nations but your own; to be religious, all sects
but your own; to be moral, all pretences but your own.
		-- Lionel Strachey


If two people love each other, there can be no happy end to it.
		-- Ernest Hemingway


Program, n.:
	A magic spell cast over a computer allowing it to turn one's input
	into error messages.  tr.v. To engage in a pastime similar to banging
	one's head against a wall, but with fewer opportunities for reward.


Meantime, in the slums below Ronnie's Ranch, Cynthia feels as if some one
has made voodoo boxen of her and her favorite backplanes. On this fine
moonlit night, some horrible persona has been jabbing away at, dragging
magnets over, and surging these voodoo boxen.  Fortunately, they seem to
have gotten a bit bored and fallen asleep, for it looks like Cynthia may
get to go home.  However, she has made note to quickly put together a totem
of sweaty, sordid static straps, random bits of wire, flecks of once meaningful
oxide, bus grant cards, gummy worms, and some bits of old pdp backplane to
hang above the machine room.  This totem must be blessed by the old and wise
venerable god of unibus at once, before the idolatization of vme, q and pc
bus drive him to bitter revenge.  Alas, if this fails, and the voodoo boxen
aren't destroyed, there may be more than worms in the apple. Next, the
arrival of voodoo optico transmitigational magneto killer paramecium, capable
of teleporting from cable to cable, screen to screen, ear to ear and hoof
to mouth...


Truth will be out this morning.  (Which may really mess things up.)


Here I am again right where I know I shouldn't be
I've been caught inside this trap too many times
I must've walked these steps and said these words a
	thousand times before
It seems like I know everybody's lines.
		-- David Bromberg, "How Late'll You Play 'Til?"


A city is a large community where people are lonesome together.
		-- Herbert Prochnow


E = MC ** 2 +- 3db


Dear Freshman,
	You don't know who I am and frankly shouldn't care, but
unknown to you we have something in common.  We are both rather
prone to mistakes.  I was elected Student Government President by
mistake, and you came to school here by mistake.


Bilbo's First Law:
	You cannot count friends that are all packed up in barrels.


The five-alarm fire had been raging out of control for hours, pouring thick,
black smoke over the street.  At last the blaze was under control and the
fire chief began accounting for his men.  Two were missing, so he ordered
a search.  Captain Kelly finally rounded a fire truck parked in an alley
and found, to his shock, one fireman with his trousers down leaning over a
garbage can and another fireman screwing him in the ass.
	"What's the meaning of this!", the captain roared.
	"Jones here had passed out from smoke inhalation," the fireman on
top panted.
	"You're supposed to give mouth to mouth resuscitation for that!"
the captain yelled.
	"I know.  That's what started this," the fireman replied.


Violence is a sword that has no handle -- you have to hold the blade.


Meade's Maxim:
Always remember that you are absolutely unique,
just like everyone else.


Very few things happen at the right time, and the rest do not happen
at all.  The conscientious historian will correct these defects.
		-- Herodotus


Football is a game designed to keep coal miners off the streets.
		-- Jimmy Breslin


Your business will go through a period of considerable expansion.


If at first you don't succeed, you're doing about average.
		-- Leonard Levinson


	There are two couples that want to convert to Catholicism.  They go
and see a priest and he tells them that the first requirement is to abstain
from sex for thirty days.
	Thirty days later, the couples come back to see the priest.  He asks
the first couple if they passed the test.
	"Father, we didn't so much as TOUCH one another during the last month.
	"Congratulations," the priest replies, "you are now qualified to enter
the Church."  Then, the priests asked the second couple how they did.
	"Well, Father," the husband says, "everything was going just fine
until the 27th day.  My wife bent over the freezer to get something out, and
I just happened to notice that she didn't have any panties on.  I couldn't
stand it any more, so I walked over to her, dropped my pants, and slipped it
to her right there."
	"That's DISGUSTING!", the priest bellows.  "I can never let you into
the Church after something like that."
	"I understand Father," the man replies sadly, "they won't let us
into Safeway anymore either."


With every passing hour our solar system comes forty-three thousand
miles closer to globular cluster M13 in the constellation Hercules,
and still there are some misfits who continue to insist that there
is no such thing as progress.
		-- Ransom K. Ferm


Mathematicians do it in groups.


Don't buy a landslide.  I don't want to have to pay for one more vote
than I have to.
		-- Joseph P. Kennedy, on JFK's election strategy


	"We're running out of adjectives to describe our situation.  We
had crisis, then we went into chaos, and now what do we call this?" said
Nicaraguan economist Francisco Mayorga, who holds a doctorate from Yale.
		-- The Washington Post, February, 1988

The New Yorker's comment:
	At Harvard they'd call it a noun.


Democracy, n.:
	A government of the masses.  Authority derived through mass meeting
or any other form of direct expression.  Results in mobocracy.  Attitude
toward property is communistic... negating property rights.  Attitude toward
law is that the will of the majority shall regulate, whether it is based
upon deliberation or governed by passion, prejudice, and impulse, without
restraint or regard to consequences.  Result is demagogism, license,
agitation, discontent, anarchy.
		-- U. S. Army Training Manual No. 2000-25 (1928-1932),
		   since withdrawn.


He who spends a storm beneath a tree, takes life with a grain of TNT.


What happens to a dream deferred?
Does it dry up
Like a raisin in the sun?
Or fester like a sore --
And then run?
Does it stink like rotten meat?
Or crust and sugar over --
Like a syrupy sweet?

Maybe it just sags
Like a heavy load.

Or does it explode?
		-- Langston Hughes


There are two jazz musicians who are great buddies.  They hang out and play
together for years, virtually inseparable.  Unfortunately, one of them is
struck by a truck and killed.  About a week later his friend wakes up in
the middle of the night with a start because he can feel a presence in the
room.  He calls out, "Who's there?  Who's there?  What's going on?"
	"It's me -- Bob," replies a faraway voice.
	Excitedly he sits up in bed.  "Bob!  Bob!  Is that you?  Where are
you?"
	"Well," says the voice, "I'm in heaven now."
	"Heaven!  You're in heaven!  That's wonderful!  What's it like?"
	"It's great, man.  I gotta tell you, I'm jamming up here every day.
I'm playing with Bird, and 'Trane, and Count Basie drops in all the time!
Man it is smokin'!"
	"Oh, wow!" says his friend. "That sounds fantastic, tell me more,
tell me more!"
	"Let me put it this way," continues the voice.  "There's good news
and bad news.  The good news is that these guys are in top form.  I mean
I have *never* heard them sound better.  They are *wailing* up here."
	"The bad news is that God has this girlfriend that sings..."


Court, n.:
	A place where they dispense with justice.
		-- Arthur Train


It is something to be able to paint a particular picture, or to carve a
statue, and so to make a few objects beautiful; but it is far more glorious
to carve and paint the very atmosphere and medium through which we look,
which morally we can do.  To affect the quality of the day, that is the
highest of arts. Every man is tasked to make his life, even in its details,
worthy of the contemplation of his most elevated and critical hour.
		-- Henry David Thoreau, "Where I Live"


A witty writer, K. Kraus in the Vienna "Fackel", has as it were, expressed
this truth paradoxically in the cynical saying: "Coitus is merely an
unsatisfactory substitute for onanism!"
		-- Sigmund Freud, attempting to explain why
		   masturbation is "by no means harmless"


Don't put too fine a point to your wit for fear it should get blunted.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


LISP:
	To call a spade a thpade.


Confidence is simply that quiet, assured feeling you have before you
fall flat on your face.
		-- Dr. L. Binder


