In San Francisco, Halloween is redundant.
		-- Will Durst


PLEASE DON'T SMOKE HERE!

Penalty: An early, lingering death from cancer,
	 emphysema, or other smoking-caused ailment.


Always run from a knife and rush a gun.
		-- Jimmy Hoffa


MAFIA, n.:
	[Acronym for Mechanized Applications in Forced Insurance
Accounting.] An extensive network with many on-line and offshore
subsystems running under OS, DOS, and IOS.  MAFIA documentation is
rather scanty, and the MAFIA sales office exhibits that testy
reluctance to bona fide inquiries which is the hallmark of so many DP
operations.  From the little that has seeped out, it would appear that
MAFIA operates under a non-standard protocol, OMERTA, a tight-lipped
variant of SNA, in which extended handshakes also perform complex
security functions.  The known timesharing aspects of MAFIA point to a
more than usually autocratic operating system.  Screen prompts carry an
imperative, nonrefusable weighting (most menus offer simple YES/YES
options, defaulting to YES) that precludes indifference or delay.
Uniquely, all editing under MAFIA is performed centrally, using a
powerful rubout feature capable of erasing files, filors, filees, and
entire nodal aggravations.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


Whoever named it "necking" was a poor judge of anatomy.
		-- Groucho Marx


It doesn't matter whether you win or lose -- until you lose.


PRAIRIES:
	Vast plains covered by treeless forests.


From too much love of living,
From hope and fear set free,
We thank with brief thanksgiving,
Whatever gods may be,
That no life lives forever,
That dead men rise up never,
That even the weariest river winds somewhere safe to sea.
		-- Swinburne


HEY KIDS!  ANN LANDERS SAYS:
	Remember, oral sex CAN cause pregnancy, unless you use an
oral contraceptive.  See your family planning clinic today!


I'd rather just believe that it's done by little elves running around.


QOTD:
	"I used to go to UCLA, but then my Dad got a job."


"Get a load of that chick!"	"Dude -- you gotta ask her out."
"Weellll, I dunno..."		"Look.  The worst she can say, is 'No'!"
"Hey!  You're right!"		"I'm always right!"
"The worst she can say... is 'No'!"

"Idunnoifyou'vebeennoticingmebutI'vebeennoticingyouandIwaswonderingif
you'd like to go out with me!"

Oh my god you little Geek!
Get away before I freak!		You ugly, stupid, zitfaced scum,
I'm a babe and you are not.		You asked me out; you MUST be dumb.
You can't handle what I've got!		Well you can beg until you're blue,
I'm too hot, too hot for you..		But you're not even fit to lick my shoe.
					I'm too hot, too hot for you.
Ha ha ha!  Don't make me laugh!
I want a whole man, not a half.		I've got a bitchin' bod and a killer
You wet your pants, I'm so sure.		face,
Too bad wimp-itis has no cure.		I'm god's gift to the male race.
I'm too hot, too hot for you.		I'm the queen of babes supreme,
					But you'll only see me in you dreams.
"Well?  What'd she say??"		I'm too hot, too hot for you.
"Well, she didn't say no..."
		-- Barry and the Bookbinders, "The Worst She Can Say is No"


(null cookie; hope that's ok)


He who always plows a straight furrow is in a rut.


A city is a large community where people are lonesome together.
		-- Herbert Prochnow


An engineer is someone who does list processing in FORTRAN.


A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
Therefore, a man without a woman is like a bicycle without a fish.


During the next two hours, the system will be going up and down several
times, often with lin~po_~{po       ~poz~ppo\~{ o n~po_~{o[po	 ~y oodsou>#w4k**n~po_~{ol;lkld;f;g;dd;po\~{o


All parts should go together without forcing.  You must remember that the
parts you are reassembling were disassembled by you.  Therefore, if you
can't get them together again, there must be a reason.  By all means, do
not use a hammer.
		-- IBM maintenance manual, 1925


What one fool can do, another can.
		-- Ancient Simian proverb


A gentleman is a man who wouldn't hit a lady with his hat on.
		-- Evan Esar
		[ And why not?  For why does she have his hat on?  Ed.]


Today is a good day for information-gathering.
Read someone else's mail file.


Historians have now definitely established that Juan Cabrillo, discoverer
of California, was not looking for Kansas, thus setting a precedent that
continues to this day.
		-- Wayne Shannon


Never play pool with anyone named "Fats".


One promising concept that I came up with right away was that you could
manufacture personal air bags, then get a law passed requiring that
they be installed on congressmen to keep them from taking trips.  Let's
say your congressman was trying to travel to Paris to do a fact-finding
study on how the French government handles diseases transmitted by
sherbet.  Just when he got to the plane, his mandatory air bag,
strapped around his waist, would inflate -- FWWAAAAAAPPPP -- thus
rendering him too large to fit through the plane door.  It could also
be rigged to inflate whenever the congressman proposed a law.  ("Mr.
Speaker, people ask me, why should October be designated as Cuticle
Inspection Month?  And I answer that FWWAAAAAAPPPP.") This would save
millions of dollars, so I have no doubt that the public would violently
support a law requiring airbags on congressmen.  The problem is that
your potential market is very small: there are only around 500 members
of Congress, and some of them, such as House Speaker "Tip" O'Neil, are
already too large to fit on normal aircraft.
		-- Dave Barry, "'Mister Mediocre' Restaurants"


It will be generally found that those who sneer habitually at human
nature and affect to despise it, are among its worst and least pleasant
examples.
		-- Charles Dickens


Will Rogers never met you.


The plural of spouse is spice.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


It's ten o'clock; do you know where your processes are?


Jogger, n.:
	An odd sort of person with a thing for pain.


Darth Vader!  Only you would be so bold!
		-- Princess Leia Organa


Well, see, I was out with this chick last night, and we were in bed, and
she groaned to me, "Give me nine inches, and make it hurt!"  So, I fucked
her twice and slapped her.


Conscience is a mother-in-law whose visit never ends.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Fill what's empty, empty what's full, scratch where it itches.
		-- Alice Roosevelt Longworth


Your mode of life will be changed for
the better because of good news soon.


After an instrument has been assembled,
extra components will be found on the bench.


"Lines that are parallel meet at Infinity!"
Euclid repeatedly, heatedly, urged.

Until he died, and so reached that vicinity:
in it he found that the damned things diverged.
		-- Piet Hein


Fishing, with me, has always been an excuse to drink in the daytime.
		-- Jimmy Cannon


Bombeck's Rule of Medicine:
	Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.


It is Mr. Mellon's credo that $200,000,000 can do no wrong.  Our
offense consists in doubting it.
		-- Justice Robert H. Jackson


Berkeley had what we called "copycenter," which is "take it down
to the copy center and make as many copies as you want."
		-- Kirk McKusick


	"Hawk, we're going to die."
	"Never say die... and certainly never say we."
		-- M*A*S*H


The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be
regarded as a criminal offence.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


It doesn't matter whether you win or lose -- until you lose.


Japan, n.:
	A fictional place where elves, gnomes and economic imperialists
	create electronic equipment and computers using black magic.  It
	is said that in the capital city of Akihabara, the streets are
	paved with gold and semiconductor chips grow on low bushes from
	which they are harvested by the happy natives.


Like private parts to the Gods are we,
they play with us for their sport.
		-- Lord Melchett (Blackadder 2)


It's just a jump to the left
	And then a step to the right.
Put your hands on your hips
	You bring your knees in tight.
But it's the pelvic thrust
	That really drives you insa-a-a-a-a-ane!

	LET'S DO THE TIME WARP AGAIN!

		-- Rocky Horror Picture Show


Flowchart, n. & v.:
	[From flow "to ripple down in rich profusion, as hair" + chart
"a cryptic hidden-treasure map designed to mislead the uninitiated."]
1. n. The solution, if any, to a class of Mascheroni construction
problems in which given algorithms require geometrical representation
using only the 35 basic ideograms of the ANSI template.  2. n. Neronic
doodling while the system burns.  3. n. A low-cost substitute for
wallpaper.  4. n.  The innumerate misleading the illiterate.  "A
thousand pictures is worth ten lines of code." -- The Programmer's
Little Red Vade Mecum, Mao Tse T'umps.  5. v.intrans. To produce
flowcharts with no particular object in mind.  6. v.trans. To obfuscate
(a problem) with esoteric cartoons.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


If you can't say anything good about someone, sit right here by me.
		-- Alice Roosevelt Longworth


Let's not complicate our relationship
by trying to communicate with each other.


You know you're a little fat if you have stretch marks on your car.
		-- Cyrus, Chicago Reader 1/22/82


If you stick your head in the sand,
one thing is for sure, you're gonna get your rear kicked.


An acid is like a woman:  a good one will eat through your pants.
		-- Mel Gibson, Saturday Night Live


Political speeches are like steer horns.  A point
here, a point there, and a lot of bull in between.
		-- Alfred E. Neuman


Generic Fortune.


I wasn't kissing her, I was whispering in her mouth.
		-- Chico Marx


Q:	How do you tell if an elephant has been making love in your
	backyard?
A:	If all your trashcan liners are missing ...


Honest, officer, had I known my health was
in jeopardy, why, I'd never have lit one!


Office Automation, n.:
	The use of computers to improve efficiency in the office
	by removing anyone you would want to talk with over coffee.


If the path be beautiful, let us not ask where it leads.
		-- Anatole France


He who laughs, lasts.


You will remember something that you should not have forgotten.


Well, I went to a party, and what did they do?
They took off their socks and they took off their shoes.
They took off their shirts, and they took off their pants,
I had a hunch, we weren't gonna dance.

Everybody, everybody's ass was bare,
No bras left, just a queer over there.
But the whole damn thing didn't faze me a bit;
I just jumped on the pile and grabbed some tit.

My baby's not a sports fan,
But she plays with balls whenever she can.
'Cause her favorite sport you see,
Is playing tonsil hockey.
[chorus]
	Eat, bite, fuck, suck, gobble, nibble, chew;
	Nipple, bosom, hair pie, finger fuck, screw.
	Moose piss, cat pud, orangutan tit;
	Sheep pussy, camel crack, pig-lie-in-shit.
		-- Doctor Dirty, "The Eat-Bite Song"


Eli and Bessie went to sleep.
In the middle of the night, Bessie nudged Eli.
	"Please be so kindly and close the window.  It's cold outside!"
Half asleep, Eli murmured,
	"Nu ... so if I'll close the window, will it be warm outside?"


This is a good time to punt work.


When the cup is full, carry it level.


A Difficulty for Every Solution.
		-- Motto of the Federal Civil Service


	So this traveling salesman got an audience with the Pope.
"Hey, father," he said, "have you heard the joke about the two Polacks
who --"
	"My son," the Pope reminded him, "I'm Polish."
	The salesman thought for a moment.  "That's okay, Father," he
said. "I'll tell it very slowly."


The public demands certainties;  it must be told definitely and a bit
raucously that this is true and that is false.  But there are no
certainties.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Prejudice"


All hope abandon, ye who enter here!
		-- Dante Alighieri


FORTRAN is not a flower but a weed -- it is hardy,
occasionally blooms, and grows in every computer.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


Someday your prints will come.
		-- Kodak


The best laid plans of mice and men are held up in the legal department.


No one can feel as helpless as the owner of a sick goldfish.


All I know is what the words know, and dead things, and that
makes a handsome little sum, with a beginning and a middle and
an end, as in the well-built phrase and the long sonata of the dead.
		-- Samuel Beckett


First Law of Bicycling:
	No matter which way you ride, it's uphill and against the wind.


It was New Year's Eve and the house was brightly decorated with holiday
trappings.  The only sound that broke the quiet was the click of Grandma's
knitting needles.  The children; Jane, eight and Mary, five, were seated
in front of a cheerily burning fire, leafing through a picture book.
Tiring of this, they went over to Grandma's rocker.  Jane climbed up on
the arm of the chair and Mary snuggled into Grandma's cozy lap.
	"Tell us a story," begged Mary.
	"Oh," said the old lady, laying aside her knitting and wrapping
her arms around the children.  "What story should I tell you?"
	"Tell us our favorite story," whispered little Jane eagerly.
"About the time you were a hooker in Chicago."


Bounders get bound when they are caught bounding.
		-- Ralph Lewin


Gomme's Laws:
	(1) A backscratcher will always find new itches.
	(2) Time accelerates.
	(3) The weather at home improves as soon as you go away.


If you find a solution and become attached to it,
the solution may become your next problem.


Women are always anxious to urge bachelors to matrimony; is it
from charity, or revenge?
		-- Gustave Vapereau


You will live to see your grandchildren.


The animals are not as stupid as one thinks -- they have neither
doctors nor lawyers.
		-- L. Docquier


Reality must take precedence over public relations, for Mother Nature
cannot be fooled.
		-- R. P. Feynman


A gift of a flower will soon be made to you.


There is in certain living souls
A quality of loneliness unspeakable,
So great it must be shared
As company is shared by lesser beings.
Such a loneliness is mine; so know by this
That in immensity
There is one lonelier than you.


I waited and waited and when no message came I knew it must be from you.


The last time I saw him he was walking down Lover's Lane holding his own
hand.
		-- Fred Allen


You're not an alcoholic unless you go to the meetings.


Memory fault - where am I?


A baby is an alimentary canal with a loud voice
at one end and no responsibility at the other.


The universe is all a spin-off of the Big Bang.


Say my love is easy had,
Say I'm bitten raw with pride,
Say I am too often sad --
Still behold me at your side.

Say I'm neither brave nor young,
Say I woo and coddle care,
Say the devil touched my tongue,
Still you have my heart to wear.

But say my verses do not scan,
And I get me another man!
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Fighting Words"


My favorite sandwich is peanut butter, baloney, cheddar cheese, lettuce
and mayonnaise on toasted bread with catsup on the side.
		-- Hubert H. Humphrey


Gaiety is the most outstanding feature of the Soviet Union.
		-- Joseph Stalin


How doth the little crocodile
	Improve his shining tail,
And pour the waters of the Nile
	On every golden scale!

How cheerfully he seems to grin,
	How neatly spreads his claws,
And welcomes little fishes in,
	With gently smiling jaws!
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


There is no Father Christmas.  It's just a marketing ploy to make low income
parents' lives a misery.  ...  I want you to picture the trusting face of a
child, streaked with tears because of what you just said.  I want you to
picture the face of its mother, because one week's dole won't pay for one
Master of the Universe Battlecruiser!
		-- Filthy Rich and Catflap


The Worst Musical Trio
	There are few bad musicians who have a chance to give a recital at
a famous concert hall while still learning the rudiments of their
instrument.  This happened about thirty years ago to the son of a Rumanian
gentleman who was owed a personal favour by Georges Enesco, the celebrated
violinist.  Enesco agreed to give lessons to the son who was quite
unhampered by great musical talent.
	Three years later the boy's father insisted that he give a public
concert.  "His aunt said that nobody plays the violin better than he does.
A cousin heard him the other day and screamed with enthusiasm."  Although
Enesco feared the consequences, he arranged a recital at the Salle Gaveau
in Paris.  However, nobody bought a ticket since the soloist was unknown.
	"Then you must accompany him on the piano," said the boy's father,
"and it will be a sell out."
	Reluctantly, Enesco agreed and it was.  On the night an excited
audience gathered.  Before the concert began Enesco became nervous and
asked for someone to turn his pages.
	In the audience was Alfred Cortot, the brilliant pianist, who
volunteered and made his way to the stage.
	The soloist was of uniformly low standard and next morning the
music critic of Le Figaro wrote: "There was a strange concert at the Salle
Gaveau last night.  The man whom we adore when he plays the violin played
the piano.  Another whom we adore when he plays the piano turned the pages.
But the man who should have turned the pages played the violin."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Lubarsky's Law of Cybernetic Entomology:
	There's always one more bug.


Is that really YOU that is reading this?


Love is the only game that is not called on account of darkness.
		-- M. Hirschfield


There is no such thing as a free lunch.


Sorry never means having you're say to love.


I am NOMAD!


A pair of suburban couples who had known each other for quite some time
talked it over and decided to do a little conjugal swapping.  The trade
was made the following evening and the newly arranged couples retired to
their respective houses.  After about an hour of bedroom bliss, one of
the wives propped herself up on an elbow, looked at her new partner and
said: "Well, I wonder how the boys are getting along?"


There's a thrill in store for all for we're about to toast
The corporation that we represent.
We're here to cheer each pioneer and also proudly boast,
Of that man of men our sterling president
The name of T. J. Watson means
A courage none can stem
And we feel honored to be here to toast the IBM.
		-- Ever Onward, from the 1940 IBM Songbook


The Sixth Commandment of Frisbee:
	The greatest single aid to distance is for the disc to be going
in a direction you did not want.  (Goes the wrong way = Goes a long
way.)
		-- Dan Roddick


[Wisdom] is a tree of life to those laying
hold of her, making happy each one holding her fast.
		-- Proverbs 3:18, NSV


I haven't lost my mind; I know exactly where I left it.


The future is a race between education and catastrophe.
		-- H. G. Wells


When I get real bored, I like to drive downtown and get a great parking spot,
then sit in my car and count how many people ask me if I'm leaving.
		-- Steven Wright


Starkle, starkle, little twink,
Who the hell you are I think
I'm not as drunk as thinkle peep
I'm just a little slort of sheep.
Tee martoonis make a guy,
Feel so woozy, I don't know why.
So mass the pixer and kill my fup
I've all day sober to sunday up.


You will pioneer the first Martian colony.


Stop!  There was first a game of blindman's buff.  Of course there was.
And I no more believe Topper was really blind than I believe he had eyes
in his boots.  My opinion is, that it was a done thing between him and
Scrooge's nephew; and that the Ghost of Christmas Present knew it.  The
way he went after that plump sister in the lace tucker, was an outrage
on the credulity of human nature.


Q:	What's a JAP's (Jewish American Princess) dream house?
A:	Fourteen rooms in Scarsdale, no kitchen, no bedroom.


This generation doesn't have emotional baggage.
We have emotional moving vans.
		-- Bruce Feirstein


Immature artists imitate, mature artists steal.
		-- Lionel Trilling


QOTD:
	"... was it a dream where you see yourself standing in sort-of
	Sun-God robes, on a pyramid, with a thousand naked women screaming
	and throwing little pickles at you?  ...  Why am I the only one
	who has that dream?"


In case of atomic attack, all work rules will be temporarily suspended.


The man who understands one woman is
qualified to understand pretty well everything.
		-- Yeats


Q:	How many right-to-lifers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Two.  One to screw it in and one to say that light started when the
	screwing began.


What happened last night can happen again.


Two sure ways to tell a REALLY sexy man; the first is, he has a bad memory.
I forget the second.


Eleanor Rigby
Sits at the keyboard and waits for a line on the screen
Lives in a dream
Waits for a signal, finding some code that will
	make the machine do some more.
What is it for?

All the lonely users, where do they all come from?
All the lonely users, why does it take so long?

Hacker MacKensie
Writing the code for a program that no one will run
It's nearly done
Look at him working, fixing the bugs in the night when there's
	nobody there.
What does he care?

All the lonely users, where do they all come from?
All the lonely users, why does it take so long?
Ah, look at all the lonely users.
Ah, look at all the lonely users.


I know not how I came into this,
shall I call it a dying life or a living death?
		-- St. Augustine


[We] use bad software and bad machines for the wrong things.
		-- R. W. Hamming


Seduced, shaggy Samson snored.
She scissored short.  Sorely shorn,
Soon shackled slave, Samson sighed,
Silently scheming,
Sightlessly seeking
Some savage, spectacular suicide.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


Mike:	"The Fourth Dimension is a shambles?"
Bernie:	"Nobody ever empties the ashtrays.  People are SO
	inconsiderate."
		-- Gary Trudeau, "Doonesbury"


	Well, this woman went to the butcher shop to get some ham for dinner.
She asked the butcher what kind of ham he recommended, and the butcher said,
"Well ma'am, we got some Damn ham here for $3.50 a pound..."  Needless to
say, she was surprised at the butcher's language!  The butcher, who was
reasonably astute, noticed the alarmed look on the woman's face, and quickly
justified himself.  "No, no, ma'am, I wasn't cursin', the NAME of this here
ham is "Damn ham".  Amused, the woman requested some "Damn ham."
	That night, before dinner, the woman took her husband aside and
explained what had happened at the butcher shop.  He also was amused, and
suggested that they play a joke on their son.  So, at dinner, after grace,
the man turned to his wife and said, "Honey, pass the damn ham."
	Their son looked up, surprised.  "WHOAH!  Dad be gettin' hip!
How 'bout them mother-fuckin' potatoes?"


A bar patron returned from the men's room grumbling to himself.
	"What's the trouble, buddy?" the bartender inquired.
	"You got John Wayne toilet paper in there!"
	"What do you mean?" the barkeeper asked.
	"It's rough, it's tough, and it doesn't take shit from nobody."


The trouble with computers is that they do
what you tell them, not what you want.
		-- D. Cohen


It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.
		-- Roger Babson


Just as most issues are seldom black or white, so are most good solutions
seldom black or white.  Beware of the solution that requires one side to be
totally the loser and the other side to be totally the winner.  The reason
there are two sides to begin with usually is because neither side has all
the facts.  Therefore, when the wise mediator effects a compromise, he is
not acting from political motivation.  Rather, he is acting from a deep
sense of respect for the whole truth.
		-- Stephen R. Schwambach


Yevtushenko has... an ego that can crack crystal at a distance of twenty
feet.
		-- John Cheever


Fortune's Rules for Memo Wars: #2

Given the incredible advances in sociocybernetics and telepsychology over
the last few years, we are now able to completely understand everything that
the author of a memo is trying to say.  Thanks to modern developments
in electrocommunications like notes, vnews, and electricity, we have an
incredible level of interunderstanding the likes of which civilization has
never known.  Thus, the possibility of your misinterpreting someone else's
memo is practically nil.  Knowing this, anyone who accuses you of having
done so is a liar, and should be treated accordingly.  If you *do* understand
the memo in question, but have absolutely nothing of substance to say, then
you have an excellent opportunity for a vicious ad hominem attack.  In fact,
the only *inappropriate* times for an ad hominem attack are as follows:

	1: When you agree completely with the author of a memo.
	2: When the author of the original memo is much bigger than you are.
	3: When replying to one of your own memos.


QOTD:
	"I don't give a flying fuck at a rolling doughnut."


Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
		-- Thomas Jones


	The big problem with pornography is defining it.  You can't
just say it's pictures of people naked.  For example, you have these
primitive African tribes that exist by chasing the wildebeest on foot,
and they have to go around largely naked, because, as the old tribal
saying goes: "N'wam k'honi soit qui mali," which means, "If you think
you can catch a wildebeest in this climate and wear clothes at the same
time, then I have some beach front property in the desert region of
Northern Mali that you may be interested in."
	So it's not considered pornographic when National Geographic
publishes color photographs of these people hunting the wildebeest
naked, or pounding one rock onto another rock for some primitive reason
naked, or whatever.  But if National Geographic were to publish an
article entitled "The Girls of the California Junior College System
Hunt the Wildebeest Naked," some people would call it pornography.  But
others would not.  And still others, such as the Spectacularly Rev.
Jerry Falwell, would get upset about seeing the wildebeest naked.
		-- Dave Barry, "Pornography"


We love our little Johnny
He's the best little boy in all the world
And we wouldn't trade him for anything
That's how much we love him.
No, we couldn't live without him
So that's why, since he died,
We keep him safe in our G.E. freezer.
He's so good, so well-behaved,
Even better than before;
Oh, such a wonderful kid he is.
Alice and me, we'll never be lonely,
Never miss our little Johnny,
He'll never grow up and leave us
That's why we love him like we do.
		-- Mr. Mincemeat


The three sexual positions during pregnancy.

During the first four months:	Missionary style
During the second four months:	Doggie style
And during the last month:	Coyote style

Coyote style?
	You sit by the hole and howl.


Only those who leisurely approach that which the masses are
busy about can be busy about that which the masses take leisurely.
		-- Lao Tsu


If you want to understand your government, don't begin by reading the
Constitution.  It conveys precious little of the flavor of today's statecraft.
Instead, read selected portions of the Washington telephone directory
containing listings for all the organizations with titles beginning with
the word "National".
		-- George Will


The Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost would never throw the Devil
out of Heaven as long as they still need him as a fourth for bridge.
		-- Letter in NEW LIBERTARIAN NOTES #19


