One reason why George Washington
Is held in such veneration:
He never blamed his problems
On the former Administration.
		-- George O. Ludcke


Parts that positively cannot be assembled in improper order will be.


Be cheerful while you are alive.
		-- Phathotep, 24th Century B.C.


Give me chastity and continence, but not just now.
		-- St. Augustine


Petribar, n.:
	Any sun-bleached prehistoric candy that has been sitting in
	the window of a vending machine too long.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


A man who cannot seduce men cannot save them either.
		-- S. A. Kierkegaard (1813-1855)


The trouble with being punctual is that people
think you have nothing more important to do.


Women, deceived by men, want to marry them; it is a kind of revenge
as good as any other.
		-- Philippe De Remi


He:	"Hey, Baby, I'd sure like to get in your pants!"
She:	"No, thanks, I've already got one asshole in there now."


It's hard to drive at the limit, but
it's harder to know where the limits are.
		-- Stirling Moss


Don't try to outweird me, three-eyes.  I get stranger things than you free
with my breakfast cereal.
		-- Zaphod Beeblebrox


Cruickshank's Law of Committees:
	If a committee is allowed to discuss a bad idea long enough, it
	will inevitably decide to implement the idea simply because so
	much work has already been done on it.


Women come and go, but BSD is forever.
		-- Derek Young


To err is human, but to really foul things up requires a computer.


	A guy returns from a long trip to Europe, having left his beloved
dog in his brother's care.  The minute he's cleared customs, he calls up his
brother and inquires after his pet.
	"Your dog's dead," replies his brother bluntly.
	The guy is devastated.  "You know how much that dog meant to me,"
he moaned into the phone.  "Couldn't you at least have thought of a nicer way
of breaking the news?  Couldn't you have said, `Well, you know, the dog got
outside one day, and was crossing the street, and a car was speeding around a
corner...' or something...?  Why are you always so thoughtless?"
	"Look, I'm sorry," said his brother, "I guess I just didn't think."
	"Okay, okay, let's just put it behind us.  How are you anyway?
How's Mom?"
	His brother is silent a moment.  "Uh," he stammers, "uh... Mom got
outside one day..."


Persons attempting to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted;
persons attempting to find a moral in it will be banished; persons attempting
to find a plot in it will be shot.  By Order of the Author
		-- Mark Twain, "Tom Sawyer"


Jesus died for your sins.  Make it worth his time.


Your boss is a few sandwiches short of a picnic.


See - the thing is - I'm an absolutist.  I mean, kind of ... in a way ...


Why do we have two eyes?  To watch 3-D movies with.


In California, Bill Honig, the Superintendent of Public Instruction, said he
thought the general public should have a voice in defining what an excellent
teacher should know.  "I would not leave the definition of math," Dr. Honig
said, "up to the mathematicians."
		-- The New York Times, October 22, 1985


Due to a mixup in urology, orange juice will not be served this morning.


Oatmeal raisin.


It's easier to be a liberal a long way from home.
		-- Don Price


There are two trees in the forest.  They are very proud trees.  One day
they notice a sapling half-way between them.
	One tree proclaims, "That is a son of beech!"
	"No, that is a son of a birch!" insists the other.
	"A son of a BEECH!"
	"A son of a BIRCH!"
	"Son of a beech!"
	"Son of a birch!"

The fighting attracts a woodpecker who informs them that he can tell what
kind of tree the sapling is by its taste.  First he tastes the beech and
the birch.  Then he tastes the sapling.  "Well now, is that a son of a
beech or a son of a birch?" asks the beech.
	"You're both wrong!" says the bird.  "That's the best piece of ash
I've had my pecker in for a long time!"


Here comes the orator, with his flood of words and his drop of reason.


	There was once a programmer who worked upon microprocessors.  "Look at
how well off I am here," he said to a mainframe programmer who came to visit,
"I have my own operating system and file storage device.  I do not have to
share my resources with anyone.  The software is self-consistent and
easy-to-use.  Why do you not quit your present job and join me here?"
	The mainframe programmer then began to describe his system to his
friend, saying: "The mainframe sits like an ancient sage meditating in the
midst of the data center.  Its disk drives lie end-to-end like a great ocean
of machinery.  The software is a multi-faceted as a diamond and as convoluted
as a primeval jungle.  The programs, each unique, move through the system
like a swift-flowing river.  That is why I am happy where I am."
	The microcomputer programmer, upon hearing this, fell silent.  But the
two programmers remained friends until the end of their days.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


System going down at 5 this afternoon to install scheduler bug.


You plan things that you do not even
attempt because of your extreme caution.


If I have seen farther than others, it is because I was standing on the
shoulders of giants.
		-- Isaac Newton

In the sciences, we are now uniquely privileged to sit side by side with
the giants on whose shoulders we stand.
		-- Gerald Holton

If I have not seen as far as others, it is because giants were standing on
my shoulders.
		-- Hal Abelson

Mathematicians stand on each other's shoulders.
		-- Gauss

Mathematicians stand on each other's shoulders while computer scientists
stand on each other's toes.
		-- Richard Hamming

It has been said that physicists stand on one another's shoulders.  If
this is the case, then programmers stand on one another's toes, and
software engineers dig each other's graves.
		-- Unknown


I sold my memoirs of my love life to Parker
Brothers -- they're going to make a game out of it.
		-- Woody Allen


We cannot put the face of a person on a stamp unless said person is
deceased.  My suggestion, therefore, is that you drop dead.
		-- James E. Day, Postmaster General


In California, Bill Honig, the Superintendent of Public Instruction, said he
thought the general public should have a voice in defining what an excellent
teacher should know.  "I would not leave the definition of math," Dr. Honig
said, "up to the mathematicians."
		-- The New York Times, October 22, 1985


	The big problem with pornography is defining it.  You can't
just say it's pictures of people naked.  For example, you have these
primitive African tribes that exist by chasing the wildebeest on foot,
and they have to go around largely naked, because, as the old tribal
saying goes: "N'wam k'honi soit qui mali," which means, "If you think
you can catch a wildebeest in this climate and wear clothes at the same
time, then I have some beach front property in the desert region of
Northern Mali that you may be interested in."
	So it's not considered pornographic when National Geographic
publishes color photographs of these people hunting the wildebeest
naked, or pounding one rock onto another rock for some primitive reason
naked, or whatever.  But if National Geographic were to publish an
article entitled "The Girls of the California Junior College System
Hunt the Wildebeest Naked," some people would call it pornography.  But
others would not.  And still others, such as the Spectacularly Rev.
Jerry Falwell, would get upset about seeing the wildebeest naked.
		-- Dave Barry, "Pornography"


She can kill all your files;
She can freeze with a frown.
And a wave of her hand brings the whole system down.
And she works on her code until ten after three.
She lives like a bat but she's always a hacker to me.
		-- Apologies to Billy Joel


Have you noticed the way people's intelligence capabilities decline
sharply the minute they start waving guns around?
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


Absence in love is like water upon fire;
a little quickens, but much extinguishes it.
		-- Hannah More


Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time.
		-- Steven Wright


Practice is the best of all instructors.
		-- Publilius


History repeats itself -- the first time as a tragi-comedy, the second
time as bedroom farce.


EARL GREY PROFILES

NAME:		Jean-Luc Perriwinkle Picard
OCCUPATION:	Starship Big Cheese
AGE:		94
BIRTHPLACE:	Paris, Terra Sector
EYES:		Grey
SKIN:		Tanned
HAIR:		Not much
LAST MAGAZINE READ:
		Lobes 'n' Probes, the Ferengi-Betazoid Sex Quarterly
TEA:		Earl Grey.  Hot.

EARL GREY NEVER VARIES.


Oz:	So, do you guys steal weapons from the army a lot?
Willow:	Well, we don't have cable, so we have to make our own fun.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Innocence"
		   Season 2, Episode 14


There is a time in the tides of men,
Which, taken at its flood, leads on to success.
On the other hand, don't count on it.
		-- T. K. Lawson


Have you ever really thought about there being a simple solution to
America's problems?  Why, we could solve all of our raw materials
difficulties, foreign complications etc. over a long weekend.  If we
got up early, early mind you, on Saturday, we could take over Mexico
by 10:00.  Panama and most of South America would be a bit more difficult,
but I believe we could do it by 6 or 7 that evening.  Turning our
attention northward, Canada would require most of Sunday morning.
General mopping up and execution of the civilian populations would take
up Sunday afternoon.  I just don't understand why Washington hasn't
thought of this...


It is better for civilization to be going down the drain than to be
coming up it.
		-- Henry Allen


A retired schoolteacher finally decided that she was tired of living alone
and wanted some companionship, so after a good deal of thought she decided
to visit the local pet shop.  The owner suggested a parrot, with which she
could conduct a civilized conversation.  This seemed to be an excellent
idea, so she bought a handsome parrot, sat him on a perch in her living room,
and said, "Say 'Pretty boy.'"  Silence from the bird.  "Come on now, say
'Pretty boy ... pretty boy.'"
	At long last, disgustedly, the bird said, "Oh, shit."
	Shocked, the schoolteacher said, "Just for that, you get five minutes
in the refrigerator."  Five minutes later she put the shivering bird back on
its perch and said, "Now let's hear it: 'Pretty boy ... pretty boy.'"
	"Damn it, wouldja lay off, lady?" said the parrot.
	Outraged, the woman grabbed the bird, said, "That's it!  Ten minutes
in the freezer," and slammed the door on him.
	Hopping about to keep warm, what does the parrot come across but a
big frozen turkey waiting for Thanksgiving.  Startled, he squawks, "My God,
you must have told the bitch to go fuck herself!"


Q:	How can you tell when your girlfriend has had an orgasm?
A:	Who cares?


Ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so.
		-- John Stuart Mill


You're growing out of some of your problems,
but there are others that you're growing into.


No small art is it to sleep: it is necessary
for that purpose to keep awake all day.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


What did Snow white say when told she was pregnant?
	"I'd like to thank all the little people who made this possible..."

Presumably this all started that evening when she was feeling Happy...


HOW YOU CAN TELL THAT IT'S GOING TO BE A ROTTEN DAY:
	#15 Your pet rock snaps at you.


The relative importance of files depends on their cost
in terms of the human effort needed to regenerate them.
		-- T. A. Dolotta


Long life is in store for you.


Some people pray for more than they are willing to work for.


Grig (the navigator):
	... so you see, it's just the two of us against the entire space
	armada.
Alex (the gunner):
	What?!?
Grig:	I've always wanted to fight a desperate battle against
	overwhelming odds.
Alex:	It'll be a slaughter!
Grig:	That's the spirit!
		-- The Last Starfighter


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(16) The collective knowledge and wisdom of seasoned citizens is the
     most valuable, yet untapped, resource our young people have.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


That Xanthippe's husband should have become so great a philosopher is
remarkable.  Amid all the scolding, to be able to think!  But he could not
write: that was impossible.  Socrates has not left us a single book.
		-- Heine


My girlfriend's favorite erotic position is bending over my credit cards.


New, adj.:
	Different color from previous model.


Spirtle, n.:
	The fine stream from a grapefruit that always lands right in
	your eye.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #17 -- SARTRE

	Named after the late existential philosopher, SARTRE is an extremely
unstructured language.  Statements in SARTRE have no purpose; they just are.
Thus SARTRE programs are left to define their own functions.  SARTRE
programmers tend to be boring and depressed, and are no fun at parties.


A Mexican newspaper reports that bored Royal Air Force pilots stationed
on the Falkland Islands have devised what they consider a marvelous new
game.  Noting that the local penguins are fascinated by airplanes, the
pilots search out a beach where the birds are gathered and fly slowly
along it at the water's edge.  Perhaps ten thousand penguins turn their
heads in unison watching the planes go by, and when the pilots turn
around and fly back, the birds turn their heads in the opposite
direction, like spectators at a slow-motion tennis match.  Then, the
paper reports, "The pilots fly out to sea and directly to the penguin
colony and overfly it.  Heads go up, up, up, and ten thousand penguins
fall over gently onto their backs.
		-- Audubon Society Magazine

[From the BBC, 2001-02-02:
	For five weeks, a team from the British Antarctic Survey (BAS)
monitored 1,000 king penguins on the island of South Georgia as Lynx
helicopters passed overhead.
	"Not one king penguin fell over when the helicopters came over,"
said team leader Dr. Richard Stone.
	"As the aircraft approached, the birds went quiet and stopped
calling to each other, and adolescent birds that were not associated
with nests began walking away from the noise. Pure animal instinct,
really."
	The conclusion, said Dr. Stone, is that flights over 305 metres
(1,000 feet) caused "only minor and transitory ecological effects" on
king penguins.]


As she lay there dozing next beside me, a voice inside my head kept
saying "Relax... you're not the first doctor who's ever slept with
one of his patients," but another voice kept reminding me, "Howard,
you're a veterinarian."


Ethnologists up with the Sioux
Wired home for two punts, one canoe.
	The answer next day,
	Said, "Girls on the way,
But what the hell's a `panoe'?"


Listen, there is no courage or any extra courage that I know of to find out
the right thing to do.  Now, it is not only necessary to do the right thing,
but to do it in the right way and the only problem you have is what is the
right thing to do and what is the right way to do it.  That is the problem.
But this economy of ours is not so simple that it obeys to the opinion of
bias or the pronouncements of any particular individual, even to the President.
This is an economy that is made up of 173 million people, and it reflects
their desires, they're ready to buy, they're ready to spend, it is a thing
that is too complex and too big to be affected adversely or advantageously
just by a few words or any particular -- say, a little this and that, or even
a panacea so alleged.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower, in response to: "Has the
		   government been lacking in courage and boldness in
		   facing up to the recession?"


Automobile, n.:
	A four-wheeled vehicle that runs up hills and down
	pedestrians.


Did you know that if you took all the economists in the world and lined
them up end to end, they'd still point in the wrong direction?


A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.


For they starve the frightened little child
Till it weeps both night and day:
And they scourge the weak, and flog the fool,
And gibe the old and grey,
And some grow mad, and all grow bad,
And none a word may say.

Each narrow cell in which we dwell
Is a foul and dark latrine,
And the fetid breath of living Death
Chokes up each grated screen,
And all, but Lust, is turned to dust
In Humanity's machine.

And all men kill the thing they love,
By all let this be heard,
Some do it with a bitter look,
Some with a flattering word,
The coward does it with a kiss,
The brave man with a sword.
		-- Oscar Wilde


		(to "The Caissons Go Rolling Along")
Scratch the disks, dump the core,	Shut it down, pull the plug
Roll the tapes across the floor,	Give the core an extra tug
And the system is going to crash.	And the system is going to crash.
Teletypes smashed to bits.		Mem'ry cards, one and all,
Give the scopes some nasty hits		Toss out halfway down the hall
And the system is going to crash.	And the system is going to crash.
And we've also found			Just flip one switch
When you turn the power down,		And the lights will cease to twitch
You turn the disk readers into trash.	And the tape drives will crumble
						in a flash.
Oh, it's so much fun,			When the CPU
Now the CPU won't run			Can print nothing out but "foo,"
And the system is going to crash.	The system is going to crash.


George, after tying on a whopper the night before, woke up in the morning to
find a pathetically unattractive woman sleeping blissfully beside him.  He
leaped out of bed, dressed quickly, and furtively placed $100 on top of the
bureau.  He then started to tiptoe out of the room.  But, as he passed the
foot of the bed, he felt a tug at his trouser leg.  Glancing down, he saw
another female even homelier than the one he'd left in bed.  She gazed up
at him soulfully, and asked, "Nothing for the bridesmaid?"


A bar patron returned from the men's room grumbling to himself.
	"What's the trouble, buddy?" the bartender inquired.
	"You got John Wayne toilet paper in there!"
	"What do you mean?" the barkeeper asked.
	"It's rough, it's tough, and it doesn't take shit from nobody."


Hating the Yankees is as American as pizza pie,
unwed mothers and cheating on your income tax.
		-- Mike Royko


My travel agent's an Oxford chap
Who rolls his eyes when he speaks.
I asked him about the Isle of Man
For a journey of about six weeks.
And this is what he said to me
As he looked me right in the eye,
"For a far-out trip, try an ice cream dip
Of Elephant Shit On Rye."

A brand-new store just opened its door
At the corner of 5th and Vine
And I happened to be standing right outside
When they turned on their neon sign.
I heard a strange sound, I looked around,
And that's when I almost died,
They nearly knocked me down to be the first in town
To get their Elephant Shit On Rye!


Being a mime means never having to say you're sorry.


Von Neumann was the subject of many dotty professor stories.  Von Neumann
supposedly had the habit of simply writing answers to homework assignments on
the board (the method of solution being, of course, obvious) when he was asked
how to solve problems.  One time one of his students tried to get more helpful
information by asking if there was another way to solve the problem.  Von
Neumann looked blank for a moment, thought, and then answered, "Yes.".


The day after tomorrow is the third day of the rest of your life.


I believe a little incompatibility is the spice of life,
particularly if he has income and she is pattable.
		-- Ogden Nash


    ***
  *******
 *********
 ****** Confucius say: "Is stuffy inside fortune cookie."
  *******
    ***


Have a taco.
		-- P. S. Beagle


I have become me without my consent.


"I have credit with this madam who runs a string of super callgirls,"
the executive reminisced at his club bar, "but when I got the bill for
the great head session one of them pleasured me with, I must say that
it was enough to make a blown man cry."


Today is what happened to yesterday.


If I don't see you in the future, I'll see you in the pasture.


Real software engineers work from 9 to 5, because that is the way the
job is described in the formal spec.  Working late would feel like
using an undocumented external procedure.


Why are you so hard to ignore?


Q:	How do you keep an Aggie busy at a terminal?
A:	While he's not looking, switch it to "local".


Hear about...
	the loner who gave up his solitary vice for Lent?  Except on
	Palm Sunday, of course.


Leadership involves finding a parade and getting in front of it; what
is happening in America is that those parades are getting smaller and
smaller -- and there are many more of them.
		-- John Naisbitt, "Megatrends"


TEXAN:
	A wet-back that didn't make Oklahoma.


I exist, therefore I am paid.


Mr. Rockford; Miss Collins from the Bureau of Licenses.  We got your
renewal before the extended deadline but not your check.  I'm sorry but
at midnight you're no longer licensed as an investigator.


Yeah, there are more important things in life than money,
but they won't go out with you if you don't have any.


Women want their men to be cops.  They want you to punish them and tell
them what the limits are.  The only thing that women hate worse from a man
than being slapped is when you get on your knees and say you're sorry.
		-- Mort Sahl


His super power is to turn into a scotch terrier.


Love is two minutes and fifty-two seconds of squishy sounds.
		-- Johnny Rotten


I may appear to be just sitting here like a bucket of tapioca, but
don't let appearances fool you.  I'm approaching old age ... at the
speed of light.
		-- Prof. Cosmo Fishhawk


Weinberg's Second Law:
	If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs,
	then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization.
		-- Gerald Weinberg


Inspiration without perspiration is usually sterile.


The greatest of faults is to be conscious of none.


DEC diagnostics would run on a dead whale.
		-- Mel Ferentz


Q:	Why did the chicken cross the road?
A:	To see his friend Gregory peck.

Q:	Why did the chicken cross the playground?
A:	To get to the other slide.


Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	Go away.  You bother me.
	Why?  Because life is unfair.
	That's a nice drawing.  What is it?
	Children should be seen and not heard.
	You'll be the death of me.
	You'll understand when you're older.
	Because.
	Wipe that smile off your face.
	I don't believe you.
	How many times have I told you to be careful?
	Just because.


Beam me up, Scotty!  It ate my phaser!


Sir Francis Drake circumcised the world with a 100 foot clipper.


A UNIX saleslady, Lenore,
Enjoys work, but she likes the beach more.
	She found a good way
	To combine work and play:
She sells C shells by the seashore.


We really don't have any enemies.
It's just that some of our best friends are trying to kill us.


Politicians do it to everyone.


Hackers do it with bugs.


Birthdays are like busses, never the number you want.


See, these two penguins walked into a bar, which was really stupid, 'cause
the second one should have seen it.


Grabel's Law:
	2 is not equal to 3 -- not even for large values of 2.


Sometimes love ain't nothing but a misunderstanding between two fools.


Hear about...
	the guy who couldn't find his way to the orgy?  Just kind of lost
	his ball bearings.


Porsche; there simply is no substitute.
		-- Risky Business


Your ignorance cramps my conversation.


In good speaking, should not the mind of the speaker
know the truth of the matter about which he is to speak?
		-- Plato


A guy walks into a bar, orders a beer, carries it to the bathroom and dumps it
into a urinal.  Over the course of the next few hours, he goes back to the bar
and repeats this sequence -- several times.  Finally the bartender got so
curious that he leaned over the bar and asked him what he was doing.
	Replied the customer, "Avoiding the middleman."


Sex appeal is 50% what you've got and 50% what people think you've got.
		-- Sophia Loren


In most instances, all an argument
proves is that two people are present.


In Hollywood, if you don't have happiness, you send out for it.
		-- Rex Reed


Among the lucky, you are the chosen one.


Given the choice between accomplishing something and just lying around, I'd
rather lie around.  No contest.
		-- Eric Clapton


There's an old proverb that says just about whatever you want it to.


I met a young man in Chungking
Who had a very long thing --
	But you'll guess my surprise
	When I found that its size
Just measured a third-finger ring!


A Galileo could no more be elected president of the United States than
he could be elected Pope of Rome.  Both high posts are reserved for men
favored by God with an extraordinary genius for swathing the bitter
facts of life in bandages of self-illusion.
		-- H. L. Mencken


We are going to give a little something, a few little years more, to
socialism, because socialism is defunct.  It dies all by itself.  The bad
thing is that socialism, being a victim of its ... Did I say socialism?
		-- Fidel Castro


The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor
prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively,
or to the people.
		-- U.S. Constitution, Amendment 10. (Bill of Rights)


You will be held hostage by a radical group.


Vila:	"I think I have just made the biggest mistake of my life."
Orac:	"It is unlikely.  I would predict there are far greater mistakes
	waiting to be made by someone with your obvious talent for it."


Always leave room to add an explanation if it doesn't work out.


Keep your laws off my body!


The most costly of all follies is to believe passionately
in the palpably not true.  It is the chief occupation of mankind.
		-- H. L. Mencken


A physicist is an atom's way of knowing about atoms.
		-- George Wald


By the time you swear you're his,
shivering and sighing
and he vows his passion is
infinite, undying --
Lady, make a note of this:
One of you is lying.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Unfortunate Coincidence"


In a consumer society there are inevitably two kinds of slaves:
the prisoners of addiction and the prisoners of envy.


All who joy would win Must share it --
Happiness was born a twin.
		-- Lord Byron


Punning is the worst vice, and there's no vice versa.


Diogenes, having abandoned his search for
truth, is now searching for a good fantasy.


I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
		-- Mark Twain


The difficult we do today; the impossible takes a little longer.


Kiss me, Kate, we will be married o' Sunday.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"


You cannot propel yourself forward by patting yourself on the back.


Young men want to be faithful and are not;
old men want to be faithless and cannot.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Sticks and stones may break my bones but whips and chains excite me!!!


	Two little kids, aged six and eight, decide it's time to learn
how to swear. So, the eight-year-old says to the six-year-old, "Okay,
you say `ass' and I'll say `hell'".
	All excited about their plan, they troop downstairs, where
their mother asks them what they'd like for breakfast.
	"Aw, hell," says the eight-year-old, "gimme some Cheerios."
His mother backhands him off the stool, sending him bawling out of the
room, and turns to the younger brother.  "What'll you have?"
	"I dunno," quavers the six-year-old, "but you can bet your ass
it ain't gonna be Cheerios."


Don't quit now, we might just as well
lock the door and throw away the key.


It's very glamorous to raise millions of dollars, until it's time for the
venture capitalist to suck your eyeballs out.
		-- Peter Kennedy, chairman of Kraft & Kennedy


The best thing about being bald is, that, when unexpected
company arrives, all you have to do is straighten your tie.


I think we can all agree that there is not enough common courtesy shown
... HEY!  PAY ATTENTION WHEN I'M TALKING TO YOU DAMMIT!  I said I think
we can all agree that there is not enough common courtesy shown today.
When we take the time to be courteous to each other, we find that we
are happier and less likely to engage in nuclear war.  This point was
driven home by the recent summit talks, where Nancy Reagan and Raisa
Gorbachev, each of whose husband thinks the other's husband is vermin,
were able to sit down at a high-level tea and engage in courteous
conversation ...
		-- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"


Technological progress has merely provided us
with more efficient means for going backwards.
		-- Aldous Huxley


What on earth would a man do with himself
if something did not stand in his way?
		-- H. G. Wells


Message will arrive in the mail.
Destroy, before the FBI sees it.


QOTD:
	"I'd never marry a woman who didn't like pizza... I might play
	golf with her, but I wouldn't marry her!"


I cannot draw a cart, nor eat dried oats;
If it be man's work I will do it.


Try to have as good a life as you can under the circumstances.


In Hollywood, if you don't have happiness, you send out for it.
		-- Rex Reed


Half Moon tonight.  (At least it is better than no Moon at all.)


There's been no top authority saying what marijuana does to you.  I really
don't know that much about it.  I tried it once but it didn't do anything
to me.
		-- John Wayne


An elephant is a mouse with an operating system.


And if sometime, somewhere, someone asketh thee,
"Who kilt thee?", tell them it 'twas the Doones of Bagworthy!


This generation doesn't have emotional baggage.
We have emotional moving vans.
		-- Bruce Feirstein


Incest, n.:
	Sibling revelry; a sport the whole family can enjoy.


Life should not be a journey to the grave with the intention
of arriving safely in a pretty and well preserved body, but
rather to skid in broadside, thoroughly used up, totally worn out,
and loudly proclaiming --WOW---What A RIDE!!


World War Three can be averted by adherence to a strictly enforced
dress code!


Mr. Rockford?  This is Betty Joe Withers.  I got four shirts of yours from
the Bo Peep Cleaners by mistake.  I don't know why they gave me men's
shirts but they're going back.


A career is great, but you can't run your fingers through its hair.


I accept chaos.  I am not sure whether it accepts me.  I know some people
are terrified of the bomb.  But then some people are terrified to be seen
carrying a modern screen magazine.  Experience teaches us that silence
terrifies people the most.
		-- Bob Dylan


A fair exterior is a silent recommendation.
		-- Publilius Syrus


Zippity doo dah, zippity ay,
I just gave my sister's cherry away!
To a couple of truckers from Erie P.A.,
Zippity doo dah, zippity ay.
		-- John Valby


