Many people would rather die than think; in fact, most do.
		-- Bertrand Russell


We have seen the light at the end of the tunnel, and it's out.


Documentation is the castor oil of programming.  Managers know it must
be good because the programmers hate it so much.


Using [Windows] for any sort of serious work is like playing an old
text-based adventure game.  You're five feet from making it to your
goal, when bup-POW! a ten ton rock falls on your head.  Because you
didn't disarm the trap three hours before.  [...]

I always hated those adventure games.
		-- David Gerard


The porcupine with the sharpest quills gets stuck on a tree more
often.


I am convinced that the truest act of courage is to sacrifice ourselves
for others in a totally nonviolent struggle for justice.  To be a man
is to suffer for others.
		-- Cesar Chavez


The very first essential for success is a perpetually
constant and regular employment of violence.
		-- Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf"


One measure of friendship consists not in the number of things friends
can discuss, but in the number of things they need no longer mention.
		-- Clifton Fadiman


But this has taken us far afield from interface, which is not a bad
place to be, since I particularly want to move ahead to the kludge.
Why do people have so much trouble understanding the kludge?  What
is a kludge, after all, but not enough K's, not enough ROM's, not
enough RAM's, poor quality interface and too few bytes to go around?
Have I explained yet about the bytes?


Lonely men seek companionship.
Lonely women sit at home and wait. They never meet.


There is only one way to kill capitalism --
by taxes, taxes, and more taxes.
		-- Karl Marx


There are people who find it odd to eat four or five Chinese meals
in a row; in China, I often remind them, there are a billion or so
people who find nothing odd about it.
		-- Calvin Trillin


	Jacek, a Polish schoolboy, is told by his teacher that he has
been chosen to carry the Polish flag in the May Day parade.
	"Why me?"  whines the boy.  "Three years ago I carried the flag
when Brezhnev was the Secretary; then I carried the flag when it was
Andropov's turn, and again when Chernenko was in the Kremlin.  Why is
it always me, teacher?"
	"Because, Jacek, you have such golden hands," the teacher
explains.

		-- being told in Poland, 1987


Everywhere I go I'm asked if I think the university stifles writers.  My
opinion is that they don't stifle enough of them.  There's many a bestseller
that could have been prevented by a good teacher.
		-- Flannery O'Connor


You don't have to explain something you never said.
		-- Calvin Coolidge


Go away, I'm all right.
		-- H. G. Wells' last words


Louie Louie, me gotta go
Louie Louie, me gotta go

Fine little girl she waits for me
Me catch the ship for cross the sea
Me sail the ship all alone		Three nights and days me sail the sea
Me never thinks me make it home		Me think of girl constantly
(chorus)				On the ship I dream she there
					I smell the rose in her hair
Me see Jamaica moon above		(chorus, guitar solo)
It won't be long, me see my love
I take her in my arms and then
Me tell her I never leave again
		-- The real words to The Kingsmen's classic "Louie Louie"


I'll meet you... on the dark side of the moon...
		-- Pink Floyd


None of our men are "experts."  We have most unfortunately found it necessary
to get rid of a man as soon as he thinks himself an expert -- because no one
ever considers himself expert if he really knows his job.  A man who knows a
job sees so much more to be done than he has done, that he is always pressing
forward and never gives up an instant of thought to how good and how efficient
he is.  Thinking always ahead, thinking always of trying to do more, brings a
state of mind in which nothing is impossible. The moment one gets into the
"expert" state of mind a great number of things become impossible.
		-- From Henry Ford Sr., "My Life and Work"


Patageometry, n.:
	The study of those mathematical properties that are invariant
under brain transplants.


To err is human, two curs canine.
To err is human, to moo bovine.


You should go home.


A man was playing golf one day when a little frog hopped out the water at a
water hazard and croaked, "I am a magic frog, and since you are the 10,000th
person to play through here, I'm prepared to offer you one of two magic gifts:
First, for a whole year you can have the most fabulous sex life that anyone
ever had; beyond your wildest dreams.  Or, second, for a whole year you can
be the best golfer the world has ever known.  Which do you prefer?"  The man
thought a bit and said that he'd take the golf.  Well, the man holed his wood
shot from where he was, completed the course in an average of 2 per hole, and
went round in 22.  Quickly he attracted the attention of the sports world,
and became the world's best-known golfer, setting course records wherever
he went.  A year later he was playing the same course inhabited by the frog,
and at the water hazard the frog hopped out and said, "Well, the year is up,
and you now revert to the 18-handicap player you were before.  But tell me, I
was a little surprised that you chose the golf -- I take it your sex life is
outstanding?"  The man said, "Well, I have no complaints in that department
at all, which is why I chose the golf." "How many times did you engage in sex
last year?" inquired the frog.  The man thought a little and said, "Oh, eight
or ten times, I guess."  "Damn," said the frog, "that doesn't strike me as very
satisfactory."  "Oh, I don't know," replied the man, "it doesn't seem so bad
for a Catholic priest from a little town in South Dakota."


If it heals good, say it.


The best you get is an even break.
		-- Franklin Adams


I thought there was something fishy about the butler.  Probably a Pisces,
working for scale.
		-- The Firesign Theatre,
		   "The Further Adventures of Nick Danger"


I can mend the break of day, heal a broken heart,
and provide temporary relief to nymphomaniacs.
		-- Larry Lee


His eyes were cold.  As cold as the bitter winter snow that was falling
outside.  Yes, cold and therefore difficult to chew...


Old Grandad is dead but his spirits live on.


The grass is always greener on the other side of your sunglasses.


The greatest lies of all time:
	 (1) I love you.
	 (2) This won't hurt a bit.
	 (3) The Mercedes is paid for.
	 (4) The check is in the mail.
	 (5) I was just going to call you.
	 (6) I've always worn cowboy boots.
	 (7) I swear I won't come in your mouth.
	 (8) Of course I'll respect you in the morning.
	 (9) We have a really challenging assignment for you.
	(10) I'm from the government, and I'm here to help you.


Dealing with failure is easy:
	Work hard to improve.
Success is also easy to handle:
	You've solved the wrong problem.  Work hard to improve.


The public demands certainties;  it must be told definitely and a bit
raucously that this is true and that is false.  But there are no
certainties.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Prejudice"


Boycott meat - suck your thumb.


The sun was shining brightly		The breeze was blowing briskly,
And I could hardly wait,		It made the flowers sway,
To ponder at my window			The garden was enchanting
And gaze at my estate.			On this inspiring day.

My eyes fell on a little bird,		I smiled at him cheerfully
With a beautiful yellow bill,		And gave him a crust of bread,
I beckoned him to come and light	And then I closed the window
Upon my window sill.			And smashed his fucking head.
		-- "Good Morning", Debbie Smith


The University of California Statistics Department; where mean is normal,
and deviation standard.


Alex Haley was adopted!


When we understand knowledge-based systems, it will be as before --
except our fingertips will have been singed.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


If a small child asks you where rain comes from, I think a reasonable response
is simply that "God is crying."  And, if he asks you why God is crying, the
only possible answer is "Probably because of something you did."


How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.


	Well, he thought, since neither Aristotelian Logic nor the disciplines
of Science seemed to offer much hope, it's time to go beyond them...
	Drawing a few deep even breaths, he entered a mental state practiced
only by Masters of the Universal Way of Zen.  In it his mind floated freely,
able to rummage at will among the bits and pieces of data he had absorbed,
undistracted by any outside disturbances.  Logical structures no longer
inhibited him. Pre-conceptions, prejudices, ordinary human standards vanished.
All things, those previously trivial as well as those once thought important,
became absolutely equal by acquiring an absolute value, revealing relationships
not evident to ordinary vision.  Like beads strung on a string of their own
meaning, each thing pointed to its own common ground of existence, shared by
all.  Finally, each began to melt into each, staying itself while becoming
all others.  And Mind no longer contemplated Problem, but became Problem,
destroying Subject-Object by becoming them.
	Time passed, unheeded.
	Eventually, there was a tentative stirring, then a decisive one, and
Nakamura arose, a smile on his face and the light of laughter in his eyes.
		-- Wayfarer


The time spent on any item of the agenda [of a finance
committee] will be in inverse proportion to the sum involved.
		-- C. N. Parkinson


Good news.  Ten weeks from Friday will be a pretty good day.


Plaese porrf raed.
		-- Prof. Michael O'Longhlin, S.U.N.Y. Purchase


Today, of course, it is considered very poor taste to use the F-word
except in major motion pictures.
		-- Dave Barry, "$#$%#^%!^%&@%@!"


A man is marooned on a desert island with a female sheep and a male Doberman
for companionship.  The animals soon get it on sexually, and all goes well
until the man becomes unbearably horny and makes his move for the ewe, at
which point the dog interposes himself, snarling, fangs bared.  Months later,
a raft drifts into sight.  The sailor swims out, finds a beautiful girl on it,
takes her to shore and feeds and comforts her.
	"You are so good to me," she responds gratefully.  "I'd do absolutely
anything to show my gratitude."
	"Would you?" smiles the sailor as he unfastens the length of rope
that holds up his ragged pants.  "Well, then, here -- use this as a leash
and take that damn dog for a walk!"


A certain monk had a habit of pestering the Grand Tortue (the only one who
had ever reached the Enlightenment 'Yond Enlightenment), by asking whether
various objects had Buddha-nature or not.  To such a question Tortue
invariably sat silent.  The monk had already asked about a bean, a lake,
and a moonlit night.  One day he brought to Tortue a piece of string, and
asked the same question.  In reply, the Grand Tortue grasped the loop
between his feet and, with a few simple manipulations, created a complex
string which he proffered wordlessly to the monk.  At that moment, the monk
was enlightened.

From then on, the monk did not bother Tortue.  Instead, he made string after
string by Tortue's method; and he passed the method on to his own disciples,
who passed it on to theirs.


Nothing succeeds like success.
		-- Alexandre Dumas


Cobol programmers are down in the dumps.


The modern child will answer you back before you've said anything.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


Law of the Yukon:
	Only the lead dog gets a change of scenery.


You think Oedipus had a problem -- Adam was Eve's mother.


It's just apartment house rules,
So all you 'partment house fools
Remember:  one man's ceiling is another man's floor.
One man's ceiling is another man's floor.
		-- Paul Simon, "One Man's Ceiling Is Another Man's Floor"


Chastity:
	The most unnatural of the sexual perversions.
		-- Aldous Huxley


Rodeo fuck, n.:
	When you lean down and whisper in your lover's ear, "Honey, you're
	the worst piece of ass I've ever had!".  And then try to stay on
	for seven seconds...


It's a good thing we don't get all the government we pay for.


We may not like doctors, but at least they doctor.  Bankers are not ever
popular but at least they bank.  Policeman police and undertakers take
under.  But lawyers do not give us law.  We receive not the gladsome light
of jurisprudence, but rather precedents, objections, appeals, stays,
filings and forms, motions and counter-motions, all at $250 an hour.
		-- Nolo News, summer 1989


Philosophy, n.:
	The ability to bear with calmness the misfortunes of our friends.


All warranty and guarantee clauses
become null and void upon payment of invoice.


The discerning person is always at a disadvantage.


Rule the Empire through force.
		-- Shogun Tokugawa


I don't need no arms around me...
I don't need no drugs to calm me...
I have seen the writing on the wall.
Don't think I need anything at all.
No!  Don't think I need anything at all!
All in all, it was all just bricks in the wall.
All in all, it was all just bricks in the wall.
		-- Pink Floyd, "Another Brick in the Wall", Part III


What segment's this, that, laid to rest
On FHA0, is sleeping?
What system file, lay here a while	This, this is "acct.run,"
While hackers around it were weeping?	Accounting file for everyone.
					Dump, dump it and type it out,
					The file, the highseg of login.
Why lies it here, on public disk
And why is it now unprotected?
A bug in incant, made it thus.		Mount, mount all your DECtapes now
And copy the file somehow, somehow.	The problem has not been corrected.
					Dump, dump it and type it out,
					The file, the highseg of login.
		-- to Greensleeves


I don't think they are going to give a shit about the Republican
Committee trying to bug the Democratic Committee's headquarters.
		-- Richard M. Nixon, 1972


The only function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look
respectable.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


Seeing that death, a necessary end,
Will come when it will come.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"


Metermaids eat their young.


But Captain -- the engines can't take this much longer!


Even if you do learn to speak correct
English, whom are you going to speak it to?
		-- Clarence Darrow


An eye in a blue face
Saw an eye in a green face.
"That eye is like this eye"
Said the first eye,
"But in low place,
Not in high place."


My boy is mean kid.  I came home the other day and saw him taping worms
to the sidewalk, he sits there and watches the birds get hernias.  Well,
only last Christmas I gave him a B-B gun and he gave me a sweatshirt with
a bulls-eye on the back.

I told my kids, "Someday, you'll have kids of your own."  One of them
said, "So will you."
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


Alone, adj.:
	In bad company.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Living in Hollywood is like living in a bowl of granola.
What ain't fruits and nuts is flakes.


Mum's the word.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


Debugging is anticipated with distaste, performed with reluctance,
and bragged about forever. -- Button at the Boston Computer Museum


If God had wanted people to give blow
jobs, he wouldn't have given them teeth.


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #17 -- SARTRE

	Named after the late existential philosopher, SARTRE is an extremely
unstructured language.  Statements in SARTRE have no purpose; they just are.
Thus SARTRE programs are left to define their own functions.  SARTRE
programmers tend to be boring and depressed, and are no fun at parties.


Any two philosophers can tell each other all they know in two hours.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.


Q:	Why does Helen Keller masturbate with one hand?
A:	So she can moan with the other!


After twelve years of therapy my psychiatrist said something that
brought tears to my eyes.  He said, "No hablo ingles."
		-- Ronnie Shakes


Nostalgia just isn't what it used to be.


An encounter with a beautiful woman is good medicine for the well organized
logical mind -- a little jolt never hurt.  Note that the anarchists have
been saying this for years about the A-bomb and civilization.
		-- Encyclopadia Apocryphia


Dreams are free, but there's a small charge for alterations.


Remember, there's a big difference between kneeling down and bending over.
		-- Frank Zappa


QOTD:
	"She's about as smart as bait."


It's hard to keep a good girl down -- but lots of fun trying.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(12) Freedom is God-given.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


What is food to one, is to others bitter poison.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


Well, here it is, 1983, so it won't be long before you start reading a
lot of boring stories about people like Vance Hartke.  Hartke is a
governor or mayor or something from one of the flatter states, and the
reason you'll be reading about him is that he's one of the 50 top
contenders for the 1984 Democratic presidential nomination.  These men
will spend the next 18 months going around the country engaging in the
most degrading activities imaginable, such as wearing idiot hats and
appearing on "Meet the Press".  "Meet the Press" is one of those Sunday
morning public interest shows that the public is not the least bit
interested in.  It features a panel of reporters who ask questions of a
guest politician, who wins an Amana home freezer if he can get through
the entire show without answering a single question ...
		-- Dave Barry, "On Presidential Politics"


Falling in love is a lot like dying.
You never get to do it enough to become good at it.


Q:	Do you know what the death rate around here is?
A:	One per person.


To keep your friends treat them kindly;
to kill them, treat them often.


Never eat more than you can lift.
		-- Miss Piggy


It is generally agreed that "Hello" is an appropriate greeting because
if you entered a room and said "Goodbye," it could confuse a lot of people.
		-- Dolph Sharp, "I'm O.K., You're Not So Hot"


Nostalgia is living life in the past lane.


	A man was traveling cross-country one summer from New York to LA.
He arrived in Needles, CA late one night and pulled into an Exxon for some
gas.  When he pulled up to the gas pumps, he noticed that all of the lights
were off.  Suddenly, he heard a faint sound from outside.  He wasn't sure
what he'd heard, so he rolled down his window and heard a faint cry,
"Help... help... help".  He got out of his car, and sure enough there was
a guy stooped down in the corner, stark naked with his wrists tied to his
ankles.  He walked up to the guy and said, "Hey, man, what happened to you?"
	"These guys pulled me out of my car, took my money, my wallet, my
clothes, tied my wrists to my ankles, and then stole my car!!"
	"Damn!", replied the first man as he unzipped his pants.  "This just
hasn't been your day, has it?"


He had that rare weird electricity about him -- that extremely wild
and heavy presence that you only see in a person who has abandoned
all hope of ever behaving "normally."
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing '72"


Life is knowing how far to go without crossing the line.


If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail.
		-- Maslow


QOTD:
	"It's men like him that give the Y chromosome a bad name."


Love thy neighbor, tune thy piano.


All the world's a VAX,
And all the coders merely butchers;
They have their exits and their entrails;
And one int in his time plays many widths,
His sizeof being _N bytes.  At first the infant,
Mewling and puking in the Regent's arms.
And then the whining schoolboy, with his Sun,
And shining morning face, creeping like slug
Unwillingly to school.
		-- A Very Annoyed PDP-11


	"Do you cheat on your wife?" asked the psychiatrist.
	"Who else?" answered the patient.


QOTD:
	"It was so cold last winter that I saw a lawyer with his
	hands in his own pockets."


Life without caffeine is stimulating enough.
		-- Sanka Ad


Youth is a disease from which we all recover.
		-- Dorothy Fuldheim


I married an Italian girl; the way you marry an Italian girl in my family
is to bring a New Yorker home first.


Everything that can be invented has been invented.
		-- Charles Duell, Director of U.S. Patent Office, 1899


BASIC, n.:
	A programming language.  Related to certain social diseases in
	that those who have it will not admit it in polite company.


Stamp out organized crime!!  Abolish the IRS.


	A man dies and is getting his tour of heaven.  His guide is pointing
out the various features and landmarks when the man asks, "What's that cliff?"
	"Oh, you don't want to look down there.  That's hell!"
	The man creeps up to the edge and looks over.  He sees lush, green
valleys, verdant farmland and trees everywhere.  "This doesn't look so bad,"
he says.
	Puzzled, the guide comes over and looks down.  "Damn!" he snaps,
"Those Mormons have been irrigating again!"


There are two ways of disliking poetry;
one way is to dislike it, the other is to read Pope.
		-- Oscar Wilde


What you don't know can hurt you, only you won't know it.


It got to the point where I had to get a haircut
or both feet firmly planted in the air.


Just weigh your own hurt against the hurt
of all the others, and then do what's best.
		-- Lovers and Other Strangers


Spence's Admonition:
	Never stow away on a kamikaze plane.


If you hype something and it succeeds, you're a genius -- it wasn't a
hype.  If you hype it and it fails, then it was just a hype.
		-- Neil Bogart


A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single
man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral.
		-- Antoine de Saint-Exupery


Conscience doth make cowards of us all.
		-- William Shakespeare


There is a vast difference between the savage and civilized man, but it
is never apparent to their wives until after breakfast.
		-- Helen Rowland


He who hesitates is sometimes saved.


One would like to stroke and caress human beings, but one dares not do so,
because they bite.
		-- Vladimir Lenin


It has long been known that one horse can run faster
than another -- but which one?  Differences are crucial.
		-- Lazarus Long


===  ALL CSH USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

Set the variable $LOSERS to all the people that you think are losers.  This
will cause all said losers to have the variable $PEOPLE-WHO-THINK-I-AM-A-LOSER
updated in their .login file.  Should you attempt to execute a job on a
machine with poor response time and a machine on your local net is currently
populated by losers, that machine will be freed up for your job through a
cold boot process.


To be intoxicated is to feel sophisticated but not be able to say it.


A political man can have as his aim the realization of freedom,
but he has no means to realize it other than through violence.
		-- Jean-Paul Sartre


Sooner or later, generals will own you.


Seems to me that both the Democrats and the Republicans should change their
symbols to a contraceptive device; it stands for inflation, inhibits
production, protects a bunch of pricks and gives everyone a false sense of
security while they're being screwed.


The only thing that experience teaches us is that experience teaches
us nothing.
		-- Andre Maurois (Emile Herzog)


Double!


You are not permitted to kill a woman who has wronged you, but nothing
forbids you to reflect that she is growing older every minute.  You are
avenged fourteen hundred and forty times a day.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


San Francisco isn't what it used to be, and it never was.
		-- Herb Caen


Oppernockity tunes but once.


If the government doesn't trust the people, why
doesn't it dissolve them and elect a new people?


Nature is by and large to be found out of doors, a location where, it
cannot be argued, there are never enough comfortable chairs.
		-- Fran Lebowitz


There are a lot of lies going around.... and half of them are true.
		-- Winston Churchill


USENET is like a herd of performing elephants with diarrhea --
massive, difficult to redirect, awe-inspiring, entertaining, and
a source of mind-boggling amounts of excrement when you least
expect it.
		-- Gene Spafford


Coronation, n.:
	The ceremony of investing a sovereign with the outward and
	visible signs of his divine right to be blown skyhigh with a
	dynamite bomb.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


