Rainy days and automatic weapons always get me down.


	Two women were walking down the street, when one nudges the other
and says, "There's my husband coming out of the florist's with a dozen
roses, damn it.  That means I'll have to keep my legs up in the air for
three days."
	Replies her friend, "Well, why don't you buy a vase?"



Marriage is like twirling a baton, turning handsprings, or eating with
chopsticks.  It looks easy until you try it.


Patience is long forgotten by convenience in this life.
		-- Carmen Caicedo Giraudy


I've finally found the perfect girl,
I couldn't ask for more,
She's deaf and dumb and over-sexed,
And owns a liquor store.


	An airplane pilot got engaged to two very pretty women at the same
time.  One was named Edith; the other named Kate.  They met, discovered they
had the same fiancee, and told him.  "Get out of our lives you rascal.  We'll
teach you that you can't have your Kate and Edith, too."


I think the world is run by C students.
		-- Al McGuire


They Tore Out My Heart and Stomped That Sucker Flat
		-- Book title by Lewis Grizzard


HEY KIDS!  ANN LANDERS SAYS:
	A great way to prevent the tragedy of unwanted pregnancy is to
become a homosexual.  Every year, millions of young men and women, just
like you, are making the clean change to worry-free homosexuality.
They're having more sex than ever, and more fun than ever.  Send 50 cents
today for my leaflet "Gay sexual techniques".  Be sure to specify the
male or female edition.


The fucking ain't worth the fighting.


To make an enemy, do someone a favor.


Some of my readers ask me what a "Serial Port" is.
The answer is: I don't know.
Is it some kind of wine you have with breakfast?


Girls really do know just what they want -- you to figure it out for
yourself!


IBM Advanced Systems Group -- a bunch of mindless jerks,
who'll be first against the wall when the revolution comes...
		-- with regrets to Douglas Adams


Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side?  And hain't that
a big enough majority in any town?
		-- Mark Twain, "Huckleberry Finn"


But scientists, who ought to know
Assure us that it must be so.
Oh, let us never, never doubt
What nobody is sure about.
		-- Hilaire Belloc


And Bezel saideth unto Sham: "Sham," he saideth, "Thou shalt goest
unto the town of Begorrah, and there thou shalt fetcheth unto thine
bosom 35 talents, and also shalt thou fetcheth a like number of cubits,
provideth that they are nice and fresh."
		-- Dave Barry, "Getting Religion"


Whatever doesn't succeed in two months and a half in California will
never succeed.
		-- Rev. Henry Durant, founder of the University of California


A cynic is a person searching for an honest man, with a stolen lantern.
		-- Edgar A. Shoaff


I'm unbuttoning your shirt, unzipping your jeans ...

Oh, I can feel your fingers on the keys, baby,
	I'm getting WARM ...

I am getting there, oh yes,.  Oh, my. OH YES... OHHHH!
	...!!!rrrrrgh!!!!!

Honey, that was *really* terrific, but, next time,
couldn't you please input a little SLOWER?


===  ALL CSH USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

Set the variable $LOSERS to all the people that you think are losers.  This
will cause all said losers to have the variable $PEOPLE-WHO-THINK-I-AM-A-LOSER
updated in their .login file.  Should you attempt to execute a job on a
machine with poor response time and a machine on your local net is currently
populated by losers, that machine will be freed up for your job through a
cold boot process.


Another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree.


The mosquito exists to keep the mighty humble.


There are places I'll remember
All my life though some have changed.
Some forever not for better
Some have gone and some remain.
All these places had their moments
With lovers and friends I still recall.
Some are dead and some are living,
In my life I've loved them all.

But of all these friends and lovers,
There is no one compared with you,
All these memories lose their meaning
When I think of love as something new.
Though I know I'll never lose affection
For people and things that went before,
I know I'll often stop and think about them
In my life I'll love you more.
		-- Lennon/McCartney, "In My Life", 1965


Do you want to know what's ahead for you, in your happiness at home,
your business success?  Here's a telling test: Look in the mirror.  Is
your skin smooth and lovely, your hair gleaming, your make-up glamorous?
Are you slender enough for your height?  Do you stand erect, confident?
Yes?  Then you are on your way to success as a woman.
		-- Ladies' Home Journal, 1947 advertisement


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Man:

 1. Having a beer can't make you pregnant.
 2. A beer wouldn't trade you in on a sports car.
 3. If a beer did have a sports car, it wouldn't love it more than you.
 4. A beer doesn't want to go out alone with the other beers.
 5. A beer wouldn't waste its money on Playbeer magazine.
 6. You don't have to worry about getting AIDS from a bisexual beer.
 7. A beer won't switch the TV channel.
 8. A beer doesn't snore.
 9. A beer doesn't care that you can't find your car's carburator.
10. A beer doesn't think black leather bikinis are neat.


90% of the work takes 90% of the time.
The remaining 10% takes the other 90% of the time.


In the romantic days of Warsaw, Viennese whores were known for their
beauty and delicacy.  A gallant officer picked up one such lady of the
evening, who took him to her apartment.  They made delicious love all
evening before drifting to sleep in each others' arms.  In the morning
the man dressed, staring into a full-length mirror.  The lady lay in her
bed watching him.  Finally, she said softly,
	"Didn't you forget something?"
	"What did I forget?" asked the officer.
	"You forgot about the money," said the lady.
	"Oh, no," said the man, standing at ramrod attention.
"A Polish officer never accepts money."


As an Englishman, an Aussie and a Scotsman are sitting in a pub, quaffing
a few, three flies buzz down from the ceiling and lazily circle each drinker.
Suddenly "buzzzzzzzzplooop", each fly does a kamakazi dive into a different
glass.
	The Englishman take a disgusted look at his pint, dips the fly out
with a spoon, flicks the fly over his shoulder, and drains the glass.
	The Aussie notices the fly as he puts the glass to his lips.  With
a quick puff he blows the bug out in a cloud of foam, and tosses the beer
down in one gulp.
	Then, as they both look on, awestruck, the Scotsman gently grasps the
fly by its wings, lifts it out of his brew and shakes it off.  Then, in a
firm voice he speaks to the fly: "There y'are now laddie, safe and sound.
NOW SPIT IT OOOOT!"


Don't look now -- your office mate is a pederast!!!


Are you a turtle?


This quote is taken from the Diamondback, the University of Maryland
student newspaper, of Tuesday, 3/10/87.

	One disadvantage of the Univac system is that it does not use
	Unix, a recently developed program which translates from one
	computer language to another and has a built-in editing system
	which identifies errors in the original program.


There are times when truth is stranger than fiction and lunch time is
one of them.


Some women should be beaten regularly, like gongs.
		-- Noel Coward


All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.


	"Surely you can't be serious."
	"I am serious, and don't call me Shirley."


Yes, I was surprised how easy it was to cut the door off my cat.
		-- James D. Nicoll


Acceptance without proof is the fundamental characteristic of Western
religion, Rejection without proof is the fundamental characteristic of
Western science.
		-- Gary Zukav, "The Dancing Wu Li Masters"


Have an adequate day.


Good day to avoid cops.  Crawl to work.


I THINK THEY SHOULD CONTINUE the policy of not giving a Nobel Prize for
paneling.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable.
Any system which depends on human reliability is unreliable.
		-- Gilb


Slick's Three Laws of the Universe:
	1)  Nothing in the known universe travels faster than a bad check.
	2)  A quarter-ounce of chocolate = four pounds of fat.
	3)  There are two types of dirt:  the dark kind, which is
	    attracted to light objects, and the light kind, which is
	    attracted to dark objects.


We love our little Johnny
He's the best little boy in all the world
And we wouldn't trade him for anything
That's how much we love him.
No, we couldn't live without him
So that's why, since he died,
We keep him safe in our G.E. freezer.
He's so good, so well-behaved,
Even better than before;
Oh, such a wonderful kid he is.
Alice and me, we'll never be lonely,
Never miss our little Johnny,
He'll never grow up and leave us
That's why we love him like we do.
		-- Mr. Mincemeat


Here's to women.  Would that we could fall into her arms without falling
into her hands.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess is why
several of us died of tuberculosis.
		-- Jack Handey


It is indeed desirable to be well descended,
but the glory belongs to our ancestors.
		-- Plutarch


"Rights" is a fictional abstraction.  No one has "Rights", neither
machines nor flesh-and-blood.  Persons... have opportunities, not
rights, which they use or do not use.
		-- Lazarus Long


The best prophet of the future is the past.


Monterey... is decidedly the pleasantest and most civilized-looking place
in California ... [it] is also a great place for cock-fighting, gambling
of all sorts, fandangos, and various kinds of amusements and knavery.
		-- Richard Henry Dama, "Two Years Before the Mast", 1840


There is nothing wrong with screwing everyone in sight.
Boring your friends about it is the sin.
		-- Mama Liz


There's nothing like the face of a kid eating a Hershey bar.


If you talk to God, you are praying; if God talks to you, you have
schizophrenia.
		-- Thomas Szasz


Sam:   What do you know there, Norm?
Norm:  How to sit.  How to drink.  Want to quiz me?
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd

Sam:   Hey, how's life treating you there, Norm?
Norm:  Beats me. ...  Then it kicks me and leaves me for dead.
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd

Woody: How would a beer feel, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Pretty nervous if I was in the room.
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd


Several years ago, an international chess tournament was being held in a
swank hotel in New York.  Most of the major stars of the chess world were
there, and after a grueling day of chess, the players and their entourages
retired to the lobby of the hotel for a little refreshment.  In the lobby,
some players got into a heated argument about who was the brightest, the
fastest, and the best chess player in the world.  The argument got quite
loud, as various players claimed that honor.  At that point, a security
guard in the lobby turned to another guard and commented, "If there's
anything I just can't stand, it's chess nuts boasting in an open foyer."


unix soit qui mal y pense


We were so poor that we thought new clothes meant someone had died.


Drew's Law of Highway Biology:
	The first bug to hit a clean windshield
	lands directly in front of your eyes.


No plain fanfold paper could hold that fractal Puff --
He grew so fast no plotting pack could shrink him far enough.
Compiles and simulations grew so quickly tame
And swapped out all their data space when Puff pushed his stack frame.
	(refrain)
Puff, he grew so quickly, while others moved like snails
And mini-Puffs would perch themselves on his gigantic tail.
All the student hackers loved that fractal Puff
But DCS did not like Puff, and finally said, "Enough!"
	(refrain)
Puff used more resources than DCS could spare.
The operator killed Puff's job -- he didn't seem to care.
A gloom fell on the hackers; it seemed to be the end,
But Puff trapped the exception, and grew from naught again!
	(refrain)
Refrain:
	Puff the fractal dragon was written in C,
	And frolicked while processes switched in mainframe memory.
	Puff the fractal dragon was written in C,
	And frolicked while processes switched in mainframe memory.


Shhh... be vewy, vewy, quiet!  I'm hunting wabbits...


There was a plane crash over mid-ocean, and only three survivors were
left in the life-raft: the Pope, the President, and Mayor Daley.
Unfortunately, it was a one-man life-raft, and quickly sinking, so
they started debating who should be allowed to stay.  The Pope pointed
out that he was the spiritual leader of millions all over the world,
the President explained that if he died then America would be stuck
with the Vice-President, and so forth.  Then Mayor Daley said, "Look!
We're not solving anything like this!  The only fair thing to do is
to vote on it."  So they did, and Mayor Daley won by 97 votes.


GIVE:	Support the helpless victims of computer error.


Fortunately, the responsibility for providing evidence is on the part of
the person making the claim, not the critic.  It is not the responsibility
of UFO skeptics to prove that a UFO has never existed, nor is it the
responsibility of paranormal-health-claims skeptics to prove that crystals
or colored lights never healed anyone.  The skeptic's role is to point out
claims that are not adequately supported by acceptable evidence and to
provide plausible alternative explanations that are more in keeping with
the accepted body of scientific evidence.
		-- Thomas L. Creed, The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. XII,
		   No. 2, pg. 215


Anyone who has had a bull by the tail
knows five or six more things than someone who hasn't.
		-- Mark Twain


If I have not seen so far it is because I stood in giant's footsteps.


Cure the disease and kill the patient.
		-- Francis Bacon


It is possible that blondes also prefer gentlemen.
		-- Maimie Van Doren


Anybody has a right to evade taxes if he can get away with it.  No citizen
has a moral obligation to assist in maintaining his government.
		-- J. P. Morgan


I've seen, I SAY, I've seen better heads on a mug of beer.
		-- Senator Claghorn


They're an insidious bunch, your killer pianos.  Had one get loose on me
back in '62.  It slipped out of the cables while we were lowering it out
of its twelfth story apartment, and crushed six innocents in an insane bid
for freedom.
		-- Stig's Inferno


First Law of Bicycling:
	No matter which way you ride, it's uphill and against the wind.


Majorities, of course, start with minorities.
		-- Robert Moses


VMS version 2.0 ==>


If you want me to be a good little bunny
just dangle some carats in front of my nose.
		-- Lauren Bacall


I'm a gay man trapped in a lesbian's body!
		-- The Queer Gospels of Madonna the Sloppily Conceived


Tonight's the night:  Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.


I hate mankind, for I think myself one of the best of them,
and I know how bad I am.
		-- Samuel Johnson


The future not being born, my friend,
we will abstain from baptizing it.
		-- George Meredith


The difference between a career and a job is about 20 hours a week.


Pound for pound, the amoeba is the most vicious animal on earth.


Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation ... the other eight
are unimportant.
		-- Henry Miller


In this world, nothing is certain but death and taxes.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


	A shy teenage boy finally worked up the nerve to give a gift to
Madonna, a young puppy.  It hitched its waggin' to a star.
	A girl spent a couple hours on the phone talking to her two best
friends, Maureen Jones, and Maureen Brown.  When asked by her father why she
had been on the phone so long, she responded "I heard a funny story today
and I've been telling it to the Maureens."
	Three actors, Tom, Fred, and Cec, wanted to do the jousting scene
from Don Quixote for a local TV show.  "I'll play the title role," proposed
Tom.  "Fred can portray Sancho Panza, and Cecil B. De Mille."


The bold youth of today is very lonely.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


	"Sir", said the beggar, "can you spare fifty dollars for a cup of
coffee?"
	"Fifty dollars for a cup of coffee, one should be sufficient!",
answered the gentleman, rather shortly.
	"I know", replied the beggar, "but coffee always makes me horny."


UNIX was half a billion (500000000) seconds old on
Tue Nov  5 00:53:20 1985 GMT (measuring since the time(2) epoch).
		-- Andrew S. Tanenbaum


Q:	What do you get when you cross a computer and a JAP?
A:	A computer that won't go down.


Whom the gods wish to destroy they first call promising.


	One spring evening, after a hard rain, grandpa and grandson were
sitting out on the porch, talking.  Grandpa spied a worm crawling up out
of its hole and said to his grandson, "Sonny, if you can get that there
worm back down its hole, I'll give you five dollars."
	"Sure!", says sonny, and runs in the house.  Out he runs an
instant later with a can of hairspray, grabs the worm, and sprays it with
the hairspray as it dangles earthward.  He then slips the stiff worm back
into its hole and turns to his grandpa with a huge smile on his face.
	"Well, I'll be.  That was pretty smart there, boy.", he says.
"Here's your fiver.", he adds as he fishes out a bill.  By then it's almost
dark, and they say their goodnights and part.
	The next day sonny's playing out on the porch, and grandpa comes
out of the house and gives him a five.  "But you gave me my five yesterday,
grandpa.", he remarks.
	"Yep, I know.  This is from your Grandma."


Wagner's music is better than it sounds.
		-- Mark Twain


I have a very firm grasp on reality!  I can reach out and strangle it
any time!


It's interesting to think that many quite
distinguished people have bodies similar to yours.


Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.
		-- Hector Berlioz


What's done to children, they will do to society.


There are no great men, buster.  There are only men.
		-- Elaine Stewart, "The Bad and the Beautiful"


Which is worse: ignorance or apathy?  Who knows?  Who cares?


In the Old West a wagon train is crossing the plains.  As night falls the
wagon train forms a circle, and a campfire is lit in the middle.  After
everyone has gone to sleep two lone cavalry officers stand watch over the
camp.
	After several hours of quiet, they hear war drums starting from
a nearby Indian village they had passed during the day.  The drums get
louder and louder.
	Finally one soldier turns to the other and says, "I don't like
the sound of those drums."
	Suddenly, they hear a cry come from the Indian camp:  "IT'S
NOT OUR REGULAR DRUMMER."


The San Diego Freeway.  Official Parking Lot of the 1984 Olympics!


Creativity is no substitute for knowing what you are doing.


Serenity through viciousness.


This land is my land, and only my land,
I've got a shotgun, and you ain't got one,
If you don't get off, I'll blow your head off,
This land is private property.
		-- Apologies to Woody Guthrie


Between the idea
And the reality
Between the motion
And the act
Falls the Shadow
		-- T. S. Eliot, "The Hollow Man"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to system service dispatching.]


Swallow, v.:
	The (blew) bird of birth control.


Civilization, as we know it, will end sometime this evening.
See SYSNOTE tomorrow for more information.


It doesn't matter what you do, it only matters what you say you've
done and what you're going to do.


All this wheeling and dealing around, why, it isn't for money,
it's for fun.  Money's just the way we keep score.
		-- Henry Tyroon


Adding features does not necessarily increase
functionality -- it just makes the manuals thicker.


"Pathetic," he said.  "That's what it is.  Pathetic."
(crosses stream)
"As I thought," he said, "no better from *this* side."
		-- Eeyore


Public use of any portable music system is a
virtually guaranteed indicator of sociopathic tendencies.
		-- Zoso


Where, oh, where, are you tonight?
Why did you leave me here all alone?
I searched the world over, and I thought I'd found true love.
You met another, and *PPHHHLLLBBBBTTT*, you wuz gone.

Gloom, despair and agony on me.
Deep dark depression, excessive misery.
If it weren't for bad luck, I'd have no luck at all.
Oh, gloom, despair and agony on me.
		-- Hee Haw


Battle, n.:
	A method of untying with the teeth a political knot that
	will not yield to the tongue.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


