A gleekzorp without a tornpee is like
a quop without a fertsneet (sort of).


I just ate a whole package of Sweet Tarts and a can of Coke.
I think I saw God.
		-- B. Hathrume Duk


Time to be aggressive.  Go after a tattooed Virgo.


Cabbage, n.:
	A familiar kitchen-garden vegetable about as large and wise as
	a man's head.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


What sin has not been committed in the name of efficiency?


Reception area, n.:
	The purgatory where office visitors are condemned to spend
	innumerable hours reading dog-eared back issues of trade
	magazines like Modern Plastics, Chain Saw Age, and Chicken World,
	while the receptionist blithely reads her own trade magazine --
	Cosmopolitan.


One of the chief duties of the mathematician in acting as an
advisor... is to discourage... from expecting too much from
mathematics.
		-- N. Wiener


(He opens a tolm and begins.)

	It says: "In the beginning was the Word."
	Already I am stopped.  It seems absurd.
	The Word does not deserve the highest prize,
	I must translate it otherwise.
	If I am well inspired and not blind.
	It says: "In the beginning was the Mind."
	Ponder that first line, wait and see,
	Lest you should write too hastily.
	Is the Mind the all-creating source?
	It ought to say: "In the beginning there was Force."
	Yet something warns me as I grasp the pen,
	That my translation must be changed again.
	The spirit helps me.  Now it is exact.
	I write: "In the beginning was the Act."
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, "Faust"


Dammit, how many times do I have to tell you?  _F_I_R_S_T you rape,
_T_H_E_N you pillage!!


=======================================================================
||								     ||
|| The FORTUNE-COOKIE program is soon to be a Major Motion Picture!  ||
||	   Watch for it at a theater near you next summer!	     ||
||								     ||
=======================================================================
	Francis Ford Coppola presents a George Lucas Production:
			"Fortune Cookie"
	Directed by Steven Spielberg.
	Starring  Harrison Ford  Bette Midler  Marlon Brando
		  Christopher Reeves  Marilyn Chambers
		  and Bob Hope as "The Waiter".
	Costumes Designed by Pierre Cardin.
	Special Effects by Timothy Leary.
	Read the Warner paperback!
	Invoke the Unix program!
	Soundtrack on XTC Records.
	In 70mm and Dolby Stereo at selected theaters and terminal
		centers.


Monogamy is the Western custom of one wife and hardly any mistresses.
		-- H. H. Munro


Tim and I a hunting went
We found three damsels in a tent,
As they were three, and we were two,
I bucked one and Timbuktu.
		-- the only known poem using the word "Timbuktu"


We can defeat gravity.  The problem is the paperwork involved.


QOTD:
	"Like this rose, our love will wilt and die."


You shouldn't wallow in self-pity.  But it's OK to put
your feet in it and swish them around a little.
		-- Guindon


I can't mate in captivity.
		-- Gloria Steinem, on why she has never married


INSECURITY:
	Finding out that you've mispronounced for years one of your
	favorite words.

	Realizing halfway through a joke that you're telling it to
	the person who told it to you.


To the landlord belongs the doorknobs.


Now hatred is by far the longest pleasure;
Men love in haste, but they detest at leisure.
		-- George Gordon, Lord Byron, "Don Juan"


Year, n.:
	A period of three hundred and sixty-five disappointments.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


You are without a doubt a rogue, a rascal, a villain, a thief, a scoundrel,
and a mean, dirty, stinking, sniveling, sneaking, pimping, pocketpicking,
thrice double-damned, no-good son-of-a-bitch.


Eudaemonic research proceeded with the casual mania peculiar to this part of
the world.  Nude sunbathing on the back deck was combined with phone calls to
Advanced Kinetics in Costa Mesa, American Laser Systems in Goleta, Automation
Industries in Danbury, Connecticut, Arenberg Ultrasonics in Jamaica Plain,
Massachusetts, and Hewlett Packard in Sunnyvale, California, where Norman
Packard's cousin, David, presided as chairman of the board. The trick was to
make these calls at noon, in the hope that out-to-lunch executives would return
them at their own expense.  Eudaemonic Enterprises, for all they knew, might be
a fast-growing computer company branching out of the Silicon Valley.  Sniffing
the possibility of high-volume sales, these executives little suspected that
they were talking on the other end of the line to a naked physicist crazed
over roulette.
		-- Thomas Bass, "The Eudaemonic Pie"


Millihelen, adj.:
	The amount of beauty required to launch one ship.


Idiot Box, n.:
	The part of the envelope that tells a person where to place the
	stamp when they can't quite figure it out for themselves.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Newlan's Truism:
	An "acceptable" level of unemployment means that the
	government economist to whom it is acceptable still has a job.


With the end of the football season, a star player for the college team
celebrated the relaxation of team curfew by attending a late-night campus
party.  Soon after arriving, he became captivated by a beautiful coed and
eased into a conversation with her by asking if she met many dates at
parties.
	"Oh, I have a three point eight, so I'm much more attracted to the
strong academic types than to the dumb party animals," she said.  "What's
your G.P.A.?"
	Grinning ear to ear, the jock boasted, "I get about twenty-five in
the city and forty on the highway."


Removing the straw that broke the camel's back
does not necessarily allow the camel to walk again.


Brigands will demand your money or
your life, but a woman will demand both.
		-- Samuel Butler


Q:	Why do Scotsmen wear kilts?
A:	Because a sheep can hear the sound of a zipper from fifty feet away.
		-- Iain MacKintosh, Glasgow folksinger


Hear about...
	the frustrated musician who worked all week on an arrangement and
	then his wife didn't leave town?


Who loves me will also love my dog.
		-- John Donne


The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality
of functions performed by private citizens.
		-- Alexis de Tocqueville


Trust me:
	Los Angeles for "Fuck you, your mother, and the horse
	she rode in on."


When you speak to others for their own good it's advice;
when they speak to you for your own good it's interference.


A hard man is good to find.


I acted to show my love for Jodie Foster.
		-- John Hinckley


DEATH WISH:
	The only wish that always comes true, whether or not one wishes it to.


The propriety of some persons seems to consist in having improper
thoughts about their neighbours.
		-- F. H. Bradley


We ARE as gods and might as well get good at it.
		-- Whole Earth Catalog


A lady with one of her ears applied
To an open keyhole heard, inside,
Two female gossips in converse free --
The subject engaging them was she.
"I think", said one, "and my husband thinks
That she's a prying, inquisitive minx!"
As soon as no more of it she could hear
The lady, indignant, removed her ear.
"I will not stay," she said with a pout,
"To hear my character lied about!"
		-- Gopete Sherany


For the next hour, WE will control all that you see and hear.


You can't go home again, unless you set $HOME.


The wages of sin are high but you get your money's worth.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#9

Laundry:
	Women do laundry every couple of days.  A man will wear every article
of clothing he owns, including his surgical pants that were hip about eight
years ago, before he will do his laundry.  When he is finally out of clothes,
he will wear a dirty sweatshirt inside out, rent a U-Haul and take his mountain
of clothes to the laundromat.  Men always expect to meet beautiful women at
the laundromat.  This is a myth.

Nicknames:
	If Gloria, Suzanne, Deborah and Michelle get together for lunch,
they will call each other Gloria, Suzanne, Deborah and Michelle.  But if
Mike, Dave, Rob and Jack go out for a brewsky, they will affectionately
refer to each other as Bullet-Head, Godzilla, Peanut Brain and Useless.

Socks:
	Men wear sensible socks.  They wear standard white sweatsocks.
Women wear strange socks.  They are cut way below the ankles, have pictures
of clouds on them, and have a big fuzzy ball on the back.


What soon grows old?  Gratitude.
		-- Aristotle


WELL-ADJUSTED:
	The ability to play bridge or golf as if they were games.


The first duty of a revolutionary is to get away with it.
		-- Abbie Hoffman


A man is like a rusty wheel on a rusty cart,
He sings his song as he rattles along and then he falls apart.
		-- Richard Thompson


In this vale
Of toil and sin
Your head grows bald
But not your chin.
		-- Burma Shave


The world is coming to an end!
Repent and return those library books!


A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
		-- Lao Tsu


You're just the sort of person I imagined marrying, when I was little...
except, y'know, not green... and without all the patches of fungus.
		-- Swamp Thing


To be who one is, is not to be someone else.


I knew one thing: as soon as anyone said you didn't need a gun, you'd better
take one along that worked.
		-- Raymond Chandler


QOTD:
	"Men come in four sizes -- small, medium, large, and 'You're
	going to put that thing *where*?'"


Boss, n.:
	According to the Oxford English Dictionary, in the Middle Ages the
	words "boss" and "botch" were largely synonymous, except that boss,
	in addition to meaning "a supervisor of workers" also meant "an
	ornamental stud."


A handful of friends is worth more than a wagon of gold.


The world is not octal despite DEC.


Just because I turn down a contract on a guy doesn't mean he isn't
going to get hit.
		-- Joey


A dream will always triumph over reality, once it is given the chance.
		-- Stanislaw Lem


/* Haley */

	(Haley's comment.)


Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth.
		-- Erma Bombeck


If you resist reading what you disagree with, how will you ever acquire
deeper insights into what you believe?  The things most worth reading
are precisely those that challenge our convictions.


	"I'll tell you what I know, then," he decided.  "The pin I'm wearing
means I'm a member of the IA.  That's Inamorati Anonymous.  An inamorato is
somebody in love.  That's the worst addiction of all."
	"Somebody is about to fall in love," Oedipa said, "you go sit with
them, or something?"
	"Right.  The whole idea is to get where you don't need it.  I was
lucky.  I kicked it young.  But there are sixty-year-old men, believe it or
not, and women even older, who might wake up in the night screaming."
	"You hold meetings, then, like the AA?"
	"No, of course not.  You get a phone number, an answering service
you can call.  Nobody knows anybody else's name; just the number in case
it gets so bad you can't handle it alone.  We're isolates, Arnold.  Meetings
would destroy the whole point of it."
		-- Thomas Pynchon, "The Crying of Lot 49"


Nothing matters very much, and few things matter at all.
		-- Arthur Balfour


COMPLIMENT:
	When you say something to another which everyone knows isn't true.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(9) Americans opposing America is not always sacred nor courageous ...
    it is sometimes dangerous.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


	The other day my girlfriend and I were going to a party and on the
way there, we got a flat tire.  We got out of the car and I pumped, she
jacked I pumped, she jacked, I pumped, she jacked and then we changed the
tire.  Eventually we arrived at the party and when we walked in, everyone was
jumping for joy.  What a sight seeing her hanging nude from the chandelier!
Well the party was OK, I guess, we just sat around drinking sherry and eating
candy.  Everybody else started feeling merry.  Those have got to be the three
wildest girls I know.


Authors are easy to get on with -- if you're fond of children.
		-- Michael Joseph, "Observer"


You have not converted a man because you have silenced him.
		-- John Viscount Morley


Eschew obfuscation.


Fay: The British police force used to be run by men of integrity.
Truscott: That is a mistake which has been rectified.
		-- Joe Orton, "Loot"


Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear -- not absence of fear.
		-- Mark Twain


The sun never sets on those who ride into it.
		-- RKO


When the speaker and he to whom he is speaking do not understand, that is
metaphysics.
		-- Voltaire


LOGO for the Dead

LOGO for the Dead lets you continue your computing activities from
"The Other Side."

The package includes a unique telecommunications feature which lets you
turn your TRS-80 into an electronic Ouija board.  Then, using Logo's
graphics capabilities, you can work with a friend or relative on this
side of the Great Beyond to write programs.  The software requires that
your body be hardwired to an analog-to-digital converter, which is then
interfaced to your computer.  A special terminal (very terminal) program
lets you talk with the users through Deadnet, an EBBS (Ectoplasmic
Bulletin Board System).

LOGO for the Dead is available for 10 percent of your estate
from NecroSoft inc., 6502 Charnelhouse Blvd., Cleveland, OH 44101.
		-- '80 Microcomputing


In order to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the
universe.
		-- Carl Sagan, Cosmos


Hell hath no fury like a bureaucrat scorned.
		-- Milton Friedman


We are so fond of each other because our ailments are the same.
		-- Jonathan Swift


My God, I'm depressed!  Here I am, a computer with a mind a thousand times
as powerful as yours, doing nothing but cranking out fortunes and sending
mail about softball games.  And I've got this pain right through my ALU.
I've asked for it to be replaced, but nobody ever listens.  I think it
would be better for us both if you were to just log out again.


Even though they raised the rate for first class mail in the United
States we really shouldn't complain -- it's still only two cents a
day.


K:	Cobalt's metal, hard and shining;
	Cobol's wordy and confining;
	KOBOLDS topple when you strike them;
	Don't feel bad, it's hard to like them.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC


Rocky's Lemma of Innovation Prevention
	Unless the results are known in advance,
	funding agencies will reject the proposal.


It has been said [by Anatole France], "it is not by amusing oneself
that one learns," and, in reply: "it is *_o_n_l_y* by amusing oneself that
one can learn."
		-- Edward Kasner and James R. Newman


Once is happenstance,
Twice is coincidence,
Three times is enemy action.
		-- Auric Goldfinger


Don't sweat it -- it's only ones and zeros.
		-- P. Skelly


	I managed to say, "Sorry," and no more.  I knew that he disliked
me to cry.
	This time he said, watching me, "On some occasions it is better
to weep."
	I put my head down on the table and sobbed, "If only she could come
back; I would be nice."
	Francis said, "You gave her great pleasure always."
	"Oh, not enough."
	"Nobody can give anybody enough."
	"Not ever?"
	"No, not ever.  But one must go on trying."
	"And doesn't one ever value people until they are gone?"
	"Rarely," said Francis.  I went on weeping; I saw how little I had
valued him; how little I had valued anything that was mine.
		-- Pamela Frankau, "The Duchess and the Smugs"


A would-be disciple came to Nasrudin's hut on the mountain-side.  Knowing
that every action of such an enlightened one is significant, the seeker
watched the teacher closely.  "Why do you blow on your hands?"  "To warm
myself in the cold."  Later, Nasrudin poured bowls of hot soup for himself
and the newcomer, and blew on his own.  "Why are you doing that, Master?"
"To cool the soup."  Unable to trust a man who uses the same process
to arrive at two different results -- hot and cold -- the disciple departed.


Ask your boss to reconsider -- it's so difficult to take "Go to hell"
for an answer.


Anybody has a right to evade taxes if he can get away with it.  No citizen
has a moral obligation to assist in maintaining his government.
		-- J. P. Morgan


Musing on her present and past professions as "dominant/sadomasochism
fantasy fulfiller" and dental hygienist, Sybil said, "I couldn't really
understand why I wanted to be a dental hygienist, but years later, after
being in the SM world a long time, I figured it out:  I'm in uniform,
they're not.  I'm standing up, they're lying down.  I'm doing painful
things to them for their own good.  This is so ME."
		-- The Daily Cal, September 29, 1992 In an article titled:
		   "Kinky sex remains alive and whipping despite threat
		    of AIDS, book reveals"


When a shepherd goes to kill a wolf, and takes his dog along to see
the sport, he should take care to avoid mistakes.  The dog has certain
relationships to the wolf the shepherd may have forgotten.
		-- Robert Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"


Celestial navigation is based on the premise that the Earth is the center
of the universe.  The premise is wrong, but the navigation works.  An
incorrect model can be a useful tool.
		-- Kelvin Throop III


Q:	What is purple and concord the world?
A:	Alexander the Grape.


Women's Libbers are OK, I just wouldn't want my sister to marry one.


Why, every one as they like; as the good woman said when she
kissed her cow.
		-- Rabelais


(6)	Men employees will be given time off each week for courting
	purposes, or two evenings a week if they go regularly to church.
(7)	After an employee has spent his thirteen hours of labor in the
	office, he should spend the remaining time reading the Bible
	and other good books.
(8)	Every employee should lay aside from each pay packet a goodly
	sum of his earnings for his benefit during his declining years,
	so that he will not become a burden on society or his betters.
(9)	Any employee who smokes Spanish cigars, uses alcoholic drink
	in any form, frequents pool tables and public halls, or gets
	shaved in a barber's shop, will give me good reason to suspect
	his worth, intentions, integrity and honesty.
(10)	The employee who has performed his labours faithfully and
	without a fault for five years, will be given an increase of
	five cents per day in his pay, providing profits from the
	business permit it.
		-- "Office Worker's Guide", New England Carriage
		    Works, 1872


Lookie, lookie, here comes cookie...
		-- Stephen Sondheim


Where you stand depends on where you sit.
		-- Rufus Miles, HEW


There was an old Indian belief that by making love on the hide of
their favorite animal, one could guarantee the health and prosperity
of the offspring conceived thereupon.  And so it goes that one Indian
couple made love on a buffalo hide.  Nine months later, they were
blessed with a healthy baby son.  Yet another couple huddled together
on the hide of a deer and they too were blessed with a very healthy
baby son.  But a third couple, whose favorite animal was a hippopotamus,
were blessed with not one, but TWO very healthy baby sons at the conclusion
of the nine month interval.  All of which proves the old theorem that:
The sons of the squaw of the hippopotamus are equal to the sons of
the squaws of the other two hides.


