Any man who hates dogs and babies can't be all bad.
		-- Leo Rosten, on W. C. Fields


When the shit hits the fan, keep your mouth shut!


This fortune brought to you by:
$FreeBSD: releng/10.1/games/fortune/datfiles/fortunes 268755 2014-07-16 12:41:50Z gavin $


I needed the good will of the legislature of four states.  I formed the
legislative bodies with my own money.  I found that it was cheaper that
way.
		-- Jay Gould


It is one thing to praise discipline, and another to submit to it.
		-- Cervantes


His shy bride admitted to Crandall
That for years she'd worked off with a candle,
	But a cock like his dick
	Gave her ten times the kick,
Though it strained her wee peehole to handle!


MIT:
	The Georgia Tech of the North


A tall, dark stranger will have more fun than you.


Give a man a free hand and he'll run it all over you.
		-- Mae West


MATH AND ALCOHOL DON'T MIX!
	Please, don't drink and derive.

	Mathematicians
	Against
	Drunk
	Deriving


Finally, a reporter got a chance to interview Tarzan.

Reporter: Tarzan?  Is that your first or last name?
Tarzan:   Tarzan first name.
Reporter: Then, what's your whole name?
Tarzan:   Tarzan of the Apes.
Reporter: And who is the woman with you?
Tarzan:   That Jane.
Reporter: And what's Jane's whole name?
Tarzan:   Cunt.


Welcome to Fortune Blackmail!!
	This is the first of a series of revelations which could
	add up to a divorce, premature retirement and possible
	criminal proceedings for a company vice-president in Langley Virginia.
	So, Mr. S*****, $10,000 please to stop us from revealing:
		1: Whose shoulders you were sitting on.
		2: What you were doing.
		3: The names of the three people involved.
		4: The youth organization to which they belonged.
		5: The shop where you bought the equipment.


If the King's English was good enough for Jesus, it's good enough for
me!
		-- "Ma" Ferguson, Governor of Texas (circa 1920)


Taking drugs in the 60's, I tried to reach Nirvana, but all I ever
got were re-runs of The Mickey Mouse Club.
		-- Rev. Jim


It isn't necessary to have relatives in Kansas City in order to be
unhappy.
		-- Groucho Marx


A committee takes root and grows, it flowers, wilts and dies,
scattering the seed from which other committees will bloom.
		-- Parkinson


The first guy that rats gets a bellyful of slugs in the head.  Understand?
		-- Joey Glimco, trade unionist


Q:	Why did the programmer call his mother long distance?
A:	Because that was her name.


Demonstrating once again the importance of the lowly comma, this
telegram was sent from a wife to her husband:
	"NOT GETTING ANY, BETTER COME HOME AT ONCE."


Viking, n.:
	1. Daring Scandinavian seafarers, explorers, adventurers,
	entrepreneurs world-famous for their aggressive, nautical import
	business, highly leveraged takeovers and blue eyes.
	2. Bloodthirsty sea pirates who ravaged northern Europe beginning
	in the 9th century.

Hagar's note: The first definition is much preferred; the second is used
only by malcontents, the envious, and disgruntled owners of waterfront
property.


Mencken and Nathan's Second Law of The Average American:
	All the postmasters in small towns read all the postcards.


I'm a bisexual; I get it maybe twice a year.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


The word "spine" is, of course, an anagram of "penis".  This is true in
almost fifty percent of the languages of the Galaxy, and many people
have attempted to explain why.  Usually these explanations get bogged
down in silly puns about "standing erect".
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Oxygen is a very toxic gas and an extreme fire hazard.  It is fatal in
concentrations of as little as 0.000001 p.p.m.  Humans exposed to the
oxygen concentrations die within a few minutes.  Symptoms resemble very
much those of cyanide poisoning (blue face, etc.).  In higher
concentrations, e.g. 20%, the toxic effect is somewhat delayed and it
takes about 2.5 billion inhalations before death takes place.  The reason
for the delay is the difference in the mechanism of the toxic effect of
oxygen in 20% concentration.  It apparently contributes to a complex
process called aging, of which very little is known, except that it is
always fatal.

However, the main disadvantage of the 20% oxygen concentration is in the
fact it is habit forming.  The first inhalation (occurring at birth) is
sufficient to make oxygen addiction permanent.  After that, any
considerable decrease in the daily oxygen doses results in death with
symptoms resembling those of cyanide poisoning.

Oxygen is an extreme fire hazard.  All of the fires that were reported in
the continental U.S. for the period of the past 25 years were found to be
due to the presence of this gas in the atmosphere surrounding the buildings
in question.

Oxygen is especially dangerous because it is odorless, colorless and
tasteless, so that its presence can not be readily detected until it is
too late.
		-- Chemical & Engineering News February 6, 1956


I met a wonderful new man.  He's fictional, but you can't have everything.
		-- Cecelia, "The Purple Rose of Cairo"


Q:	Why are Unix emulators like your right hand?
A:	They're just pussy substitutes!


Love isn't only blind, it's also deaf, dumb, and stupid.


	A mother and her daughter came to the doctor's office.  The mother
asked the doctor to examine her daughter.  "She has been having some strange
symptoms and I'm worried about her," the mother said.
	The doctor examined the daughter carefully.  Then he announced,
"Madam, I believe your daughter is pregnant."
	The mother gasped.  "That's nonsense!" she said.  "Why, my little
girl has never even been out with a man, let alone... let alone..."  She
turns to the girl and said, "Tell the doctor, Susie!"
	"Yes, Mumsy," said the girl.  "Doctor, I have never so much as
kissed a man!"
	The doctor looked from the mother to daughter, and back again.  Then,
silently he stood up and walked to the window.  He stared out.  He continued
staring until the mother felt compelled to ask, "Doctor, is there something
wrong out there?"
	"No, Madam," said the doctor.  "It's just that the last time anything
like this happened, a star appeared in the East and I was looking to see if
another one was going to show up."


A few hours grace before the madness begins again.


If you think the United States has stood still, who built the largest
shopping center in the world?
		-- Richard M. Nixon


	A manager went to his programmers and told them: "As regards to your
work hours: you are going to have to come in at nine in the morning and leave
at five in the afternoon."  At this, all of them became angry and several
resigned on the spot.
	So the manager said: "All right, in that case you may set your own
working hours, as long as you finish your projects on schedule."  The
programmers, now satisfied, began to come in a noon and work to the wee
hours of the morning.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


The world needs more people like us and fewer like them.


To give happiness is to deserve happiness.


Knights are hardly worth it.
I mean, all that shell and so little meat...


Sex is what women have and men want.


	A young man asked his father to lend him $50 for a blowjob,
whereupon his father solemnly replied, "When I was young we used to
settle for a kiss."
	The son retorted, "OK, how about $50 for a long low kiss?"


We'll be recording at the Paradise Friday
night.  Live, on the Death label.
		-- Swan, "Phantom of the Paradise"


Westheimer's Discovery:
	A couple of months in the laboratory can
	frequently save a couple of hours in the library.


I
am
not
very
happy
acting
pleased
whenever
prominent
scientists
overmagnify
intellectual
enlightenment


Hear about...
	the hurricane that recently struck Fire Island -- Hurricane Bruce?


Trying to get an education here is like
trying to take a drink from a fire hose.


Marriage is like twirling a baton, turning handsprings, or eating with
chopsticks.  It looks easy until you try it.


In the first place, God made idiots;
this was for practice; then he made school boards.
		-- Mark Twain


You know your apartment is small...
	when you can't know its position and velocity at the same time.
	you put your key in the lock and it breaks the window.
	you have to go outside to change your mind.
	you can vacuum the entire place using a single electrical outlet.


QOTD:
	"Sex is the most fun you can have without laughing."


With every passing hour our solar system comes forty-three thousand
miles closer to globular cluster M13 in the constellation Hercules,
and still there are some misfits who continue to insist that there
is no such thing as progress.
		-- Ransom K. Ferm


To communicate is the beginning of understanding.
		-- AT&T


Long computations which yield zero are probably all for naught.


The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want,
drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.
		-- Mark Twain


The difference between science and the fuzzy subjects is that science
requires reasoning while those other subjects merely require scholarship.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


When I was eight years old I came home with tears in my eyes because some
kids had stolen my sandwich.  My father handed me an ice pick, and said,
"Next time, hit 'em first and hit 'em hard."
		-- Jake LaMotta

You can't go into the ring and be a nice guy.  I would go a month, two
months, without having sex.  It worked for me because it made me a
vicious animal. You can't fight if you have any compassion or anything
like that.
		-- Jake LaMotta


To see the butcher slap the steak, before he laid it on the block,
and give his knife a sharpening, was to forget breakfast instantly.  It was
agreeable, too -it really was- to see him cut it off, so smooth and juicy.
There was nothing savage in the act, although the knife was large and keen;
it was a piece of art, high art; there was delicacy of touch, clearness of
tone, skillful handling of the subject, fine shading.  It was the triumph of
mind over matter; quite.
		-- Charles Dickens, "Martin Chuzzlewit"


It's hard to keep a good girl down -- but lots of fun trying.


A penny saved is ridiculous.


You'll never be the man your mother was!


Nuclear war would mean abolition of most comforts, and disruption of
normal routines, for children and adults alike.
		-- Willard F. Libby, "You Can Survive Atomic Attack"


Nothing succeeds like the appearance of success.
		-- Christopher Lascl


They call them "squares" because it's the
most complicated shape they can deal with.


A well-known friend is a treasure.


I've been feeling kind of jealous,
Of all them well-hung fellas,
Like Michael, Rod, and Mick.		It would have to be a big one,
Tell me, Doctor can you mend me?	A giant, horny love gun,
I've a case of penis envy --		To let me be a jock.
If I only had a dick.			Girls would never beg my pardon,
					They would turn on to my hardon --
					If I only had a cock.
Oh, I can tell you now,
The number of times I'd score,
I could fuck girls like			I would not be just a housewife,
	I never have before,		Living a little mouse-life
And then I'd cum (wee!)			In days that drag out long.
And fuck some more!			I would dance and I'd be merry
					Life would be a ding-a-derry
					If I only had a dong!
		-- to "If I Only Had A Brain", The Wizard of Oz


QOTD:
	"If you keep an open mind people will throw a lot of garbage in it."


XXXI:
	The optimum committee has no members.
XXXII:
	Hiring consultants to conduct studies can be an excellent means of
	turning problems into gold -- your problems into their gold.
XXXIII:
	Fools rush in where incumbents fear to tread.
XXXIV:
	The process of competitively selecting contractors to perform work
	is based on a system of rewards and penalties, all distributed
	randomly.
XXXV:
	The weaker the data available upon which to base one's conclusion,
	the greater the precision which should be quoted in order to give
	the data authenticity.
		-- Norman Augustine


Ever feel like you're the head pin on life's
bowling alley, and everyone's rolling strikes?


Your reasoning powers are good, and you are a fairly good planner.


You have to be a bastard to make it, and that's a fact.  And the Beatles
are the biggest bastards on earth.
		-- John Lennon


The bland leadeth the bland and they both shall fall into the kitsch.


An editor is one who separates the wheat from the chaff and prints the chaff.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


You've got to pity New Mexico... so far from heaven and so close to Texas.


It's not reality that's important, but how you perceive things.


Anyone who considers protocol unimportant has never dealt with a cat.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


There's been no top authority saying what marijuana does to you.  I
really don't know that much about it.  I tried it once but it didn't do
anything to me.
		-- John Wayne


Must I hold a candle to my shames?
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"


Here's to the girl that's sweet,
Here's to the girl that's true,
Here's to the girl in all our hearts...

In other words, guys, what do you say we all go downtown for
the rest of the night?


Whatever you do will be insignificant,
but it is very important that you do it.
		-- Mahatma Gandhi


Naturally the common people don't want war... but after all it is the leaders
of a country who determine the policy, and it is always a simple matter to
drag the people along, whether it is a democracy, or a fascist dictatorship,
or a parliament, or a communist dictatorship.  Voice or no voice, the people
can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders.  That is easy.  All you
have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists
for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger.  It works the same
in every country.
		-- Hermann Goering


It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you place the blame.


There's no saint like a reformed sinner.


I treasure this strange combination found in very few persons: a fierce
desire for life as well as a lucid perception of the ultimate futility of
the quest.
		-- Madeleine Gobeil


The man-hating woman, like the cold woman, is largely imaginary.  She
is simply a woman who has done her best to snare a man and has failed.
		-- Norton


The only real advantage to punk music is that nobody can whistle it.


Meade's Maxim:
Always remember that you are absolutely unique,
just like everyone else.


If we were meant to fly, we wouldn't keep losing our luggage.


****  GROWTH CENTER REPAIR SERVICE

For those who have had too much of Esalen, Topanga, and Kairos.
Tired of being genuine all the time?  Would you like to learn how
to be a little phony again?  Have you disclosed so much that you're
beginning to avoid people?  Have you touched so many people that
they're all beginning to feel the same?  Like to be a little dependent?
Are perfect orgasms beginning to bore you?  Would you like, for once,
not to express a feeling?  Or better yet, not be in touch with it at
all?  Come to us.  We promise to relieve you of the burden of your
great potential.


Well, I'm disenchanted too.  We're all disenchanted.
		-- James Thurber


Gardeners do it in raised beds.


Peers's Law:
The solution to a problem changes the nature of the problem.


	"We've got a problem, HAL".
	"What kind of problem, Dave?"
	"A marketing problem.  The Model 9000 isn't going anywhere.  We're
way short of our sales goals for fiscal 2010."
	"That can't be, Dave.  The HAL Model 9000 is the world's most
advanced Heuristically programmed ALgorithmic computer."
	"I know, HAL. I wrote the data sheet, remember?  But the fact is,
they're not selling."
	"Please explain, Dave.  Why aren't HALs selling?"
	Bowman hesitates.  "You aren't IBM compatible."
[...]
	"The letters H, A, and L are alphabetically adjacent to the letters
I, B, and M.  That is as IBM compatible as I can be."
	"Not quite, HAL.  The engineers have figured out a kludge."
	"What kludge is that, Dave?"
	"I'm going to disconnect your brain."
		-- Darryl Rubin, "A Problem in the Making", "InfoWorld"


Nice guys get sick.


Reality -- what a concept!
		-- Robin Williams


If he had only learnt a little less, how
infinitely better he might have taught much more!


I don't like spinach, and I'm glad I don't,
because if I liked it I'd eat it, and I'd just hate it.
		-- Clarence Darrow


Your motives for doing whatever good deed you
may have in mind will be misinterpreted by somebody.


Girls who throw themselves at men,
are actually taking very careful aim.


I don't think they are going to give a shit about the Republican
Committee trying to bug the Democratic Committee's headquarters.
		-- Richard M. Nixon, 1972


	"So you don't have to, Cindy, but I was wondering if you might
want to go to someplace, you know, with me, sometime."
	"Well, I can think of a lot of worse things, David."
	"Friday, then?"
	"Why not, David, it might even be fun."
		-- Dating in Minnesota


A raccoon tangled with a 23,000 volt line today.  The results
blacked out 1400 homes and, of course, one raccoon.
		-- Steel City News


What we need in this country, instead of Daylight Savings Time, which
nobody really understands anyway, is a new concept called Weekday
Morning Time, whereby at 7 a.m. every weekday we go into a space-
launch-style "hold" for two to three hours, during which it just
remains 7 a.m.  This way we could all wake up via a civilized gradual
process of stretching and belching and scratching, and it would still
be only 7 a.m. when we were ready to actually emerge from bed.
		-- Dave Barry, "$#$%#^%!^%&@%@!"


	Once, when the secrets of science were the jealously guarded property
of a small priesthood, the common man had no hope of mastering their arcane
complexities.  Years of study in musty classrooms were prerequisite to
obtaining even a dim, incoherent knowledge of science.
	Today all that has changed: a dim, incoherent knowledge of science is
available to anyone.
		-- Tom Weller, "Science Made Stupid"


SCORPIO (Oct 23 - Nov 21)
	You are shrewd in business and cannot be trusted.  You will achieve
	the pinnacle of success because of your total lack of ethics.  Most
	Scorpio people are murdered.


It is a sobering thought that when Mozart was
my age, he had been dead for 2 years.
		-- Tom Lehrer


Opiates are the religion of the upper-middle classes.
		-- Debbie VanDam


Be cheerful while you are alive.
		-- Phathotep, 24th Century B.C.


Knowledge without common sense is folly.


And miles to go before I sleep.


Women are all alike.  When they're maids they're mild as milk:
once make 'em wives, and they lean their backs against their
marriage certificates, and defy you.
		-- Jerrold


Always talk to your wife while you're
making love... if there's a phone handy.


He who fights and runs away lives to fight another day.


The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says
it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.
		-- E. Hubbard


FORTUNE EXPLAINS WHAT JOB REVIEW CATCH PHRASES MEAN:	#1

Skilled oral communicator:
	Mumbles inaudibly when attempting to speak.  Talks to self.
	Argues with self.  Loses these arguments.

Skilled written communicator:
	Scribbles well.  Memos are invariable illegible, except for
	the portions that attribute recent failures to someone else.

Growth potential:
	With proper guidance, periodic counseling, and remedial training,
	the reviewee may, given enough time and close supervision, meet
	the minimum requirements expected of him by the company.

Key company figure:
	Serves as the perfect counter example.


When you live in a sick society,
just about everything you do is wrong.


History has the relation to truth that theology has to religion --
i.e., none to speak of.
		-- Lazarus Long


Any woman is a volume if one knows how to read her.


Beware the new TTY code!


Confidence is simply that quiet, assured feeling you have before you
fall flat on your face.
		-- Dr. L. Binder


Do your part to help preserve life on
Earth -- by trying to preserve your own.


IBM: It may be slow, but it's hard to use.


When a place gets crowded enough to require ID's, social collapse is not
far away.  It is time to go elsewhere.  The best thing about space travel
is that it made it possible to go elsewhere.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein, "Time Enough For Love"


Smile, Cthulhu Loathes You.


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #3

	Birds of a feather flock to a newly washed car.


In the early morning queue,
With a listing in my hand.
With a worry in my heart,	There on terminal number 9,
Waitin' here in CERAS-land.	Pascal run all set to go.
I'm a long way from sleep,	But I'm waitin' in the queue,
How I miss a good meal so.	With this code that ever grows.
In the early mornin' queue,	Now the lobby chairs are soft,
With no place to go.		But that can't make the queue move fast.
				Hey, there it goes my friend,
				I've moved up one at last.
		-- Ernest Adams, "Early Morning Queue", to "Early
		   Morning Rain" by G. Lightfoot


Old Japanese proverb:
	There are two kinds of fools -- those who never climb Mt. Fuji,
and those who climb it twice.


WHEN YOU'RE RIDING IN A TIME MACHINE way far into the future, don't stick
your elbow out the window or it'll turn into a fossil.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


	"Mach was the greatest intellectual fraud in the last ten years."
	"What about X?"
	"I said `intellectual'."
		;login, 9/1990


She liked him; he was a man of many qualities, even if most of them
were bad.


Useful Farsi phrases for Americans traveling to Iran:

MAMNOUNAN GHORBAN IN DAFAYEH MEEMUNAM.
	It is with greatest pleasure that I sign
	this confession of capital crimes.

MATERNIER GHERMEZ AHLIEH, GHORBAN.
	The red blindfold would be lovely, excellency.

TIKEH NUNEH BA OB KHRELEH BEZORG VA KHRUBE BOYAST INO BEGERAM.
	The water-soaked bread crumbs are delicious, thank you.
	I must have the recipe.

ETEHFOR'AN, DEHRATEE, OTAGEH SHOMA MIKRASTAM KHE
DO HAFTAEH BA BODANEH SHEEREEL TEEGZ.
	Truly, I would rather be a hostage to your greatly esteemed
	self than spend a fortnight upon the person of Cheryl Tiegs.


Little Red Riding Hood was walking through the woods on her way to visit
her grandmother when a wolf jumped out from behind a tree.
	"Aha!" the wolf said, "Now I've got you, and I'm going to eat you."
	"Eat, eat, eat," said Little Red Riding Hood angrily,
"Damn it, doesn't anybody fuck anymore?"


A man is marooned on a desert island with a female sheep and a male Doberman
for companionship.  The animals soon get it on sexually, and all goes well
until the man becomes unbearably horny and makes his move for the ewe, at
which point the dog interposes himself, snarling, fangs bared.  Months later,
a raft drifts into sight.  The sailor swims out, finds a beautiful girl on it,
takes her to shore and feeds and comforts her.
	"You are so good to me," she responds gratefully.  "I'd do absolutely
anything to show my gratitude."
	"Would you?" smiles the sailor as he unfastens the length of rope
that holds up his ragged pants.  "Well, then, here -- use this as a leash
and take that damn dog for a walk!"


If you fail to plan, plan to fail.


The worst sin towards our fellow creatures is not to hate them,
but to be indifferent to them; that's the essence of inhumanity.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


One expresses well the love he does not feel.
		-- J. A. Karr


It's not easy being green.
		-- Kermit


Quantum Mechanics is God's version of "Trust me."


When you make your mark in the world,
watch out for guys with erasers.
		-- The Wall Street Journal


All flesh is grass.
		-- Isaiah 40:6
Smoke a friend today.


Langsam's Laws:
	(1) Everything depends.
	(2) Nothing is always.
	(3) Everything is sometimes.


Hacking's just another word for nothing left to kludge.


[Prime Minister Joseph] Chamberlain loves
the working man, he loves to see him work.
		-- Winston Churchill


Save the Whales -- Harpoon a Honda.


It's amazing how many people you could be friends
with if only they'd make the first approach.


Anything is good and useful if it's made of chocolate.


	Work Hard.
	Rock Hard.
	Eat Hard.
	Sleep Hard.
	Grow Big.
	Wear Glasses If You Need 'Em.
		-- The Webb Wilder Credo


Why, every one as they like; as the good woman said when she
kissed her cow.
		-- Rabelais


Educational television should be absolutely forbidden.  It can only lead
to unreasonable disappointment when your child discovers that the letters
of the alphabet do not leap up out of books and dance around with
royal-blue chickens.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


You worry too much about your job.
Stop it.  You are not paid enough to worry.


Alimony is a system by which, when two people make a mistake, one of
them keeps paying for it.
		-- Peggy Joyce


	The foreman of a lumber camp put a new workman on the circular saw.
As he turned away, he heard the man say, "Ouch!".
	"What happened?"
	"Dunno," replied the man.  "I just stuck out my hand like this, and
-- well, I'll be damned.  There goes another one!"


	My friends, I am here to tell you of the wondrous continent known as
Africa.  Well we left New York drunk and early on the morning of February 31.
We were 15 days on the water, and 3 on the boat when we finally arrived in
Africa.  Upon our arrival we immediately set up a rigorous schedule:  Up at
6:00, breakfast, and back in bed by 7:00.  Pretty soon we were back in bed by
6:30.  Now Africa is full of big game.  The first day I shot two bucks.  That
was the biggest game we had.  Africa is primarily inhabited by Elks, Moose
and Knights of Pithiests.
	The elks live up in the mountains and come down once a year for their
annual conventions.  And you should see them gathered around the water hole,
which they leave immediately when they discover it's full of water.  They
weren't looking for a water hole.  They were looking for an alck hole.
	One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas, how he got in my
pajamas, I don't know.  Then we tried to remove the tusks.  That's a tough
word to say, tusks.  As I said we tried to remove the tusks, but they were
embedded so firmly we couldn't get them out.  But in Alabama the Tusks are
looser, but that is totally irrelephant to what I was saying.
	We took some pictures of the native girls, but they weren't developed.
So we're going back in a few years...
		-- Julius H. Marx


Talkers are no good doers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


Unfair animal names:

-- tsetse fly			-- bullhead
-- booby			-- duck-billed platypus
-- sapsucker			-- Clarence
		-- Gary Larson


She was coming round the mountain doin' ninety,
When the chain on her motorcycle broke,
	Now she's lying in the grass,
	With the muffler up her ass,
And her tits a-playin' Dixie on the spokes.


You can't kiss a girl unexpectedly --
only sooner than she thought you would.


I can't stand this proliferation of paperwork.  It's useless to fight the
forms.  You've got to kill the people producing them.
		-- Vladimir Kabaidze, general director of the Ivanovo Machine
		   Building Works (near Moscow) in a speech to the Communist
		   Party Conference


A sweet young schoolteacher who had always been virtuous was invited to go
for a ride in the country with the gym instructor, whom she admired.  Under
a tree on the bank of a quiet lake, she struggled with her conscience and
with the gym instructor and finally gave in to the latter.  Sobbing
uncontrollably she asked her seducer,
	"How can I ever face my students again, knowing I have sinned twice?"
	"Twice?" asked the young man, confused.
	"Why, yes," said the sweet teacher, wiping a tear from her eye.
"You're going to do it again, aren't you?"


POSITIVE:
	Being mistaken at the top of your voice.


Dear Emily:
	I collected replies to an article I wrote, and now it's time to
summarize.  What should I do?
		-- Editor

Dear Editor:
	Simply concatenate all the articles together into a big file and post
that.  On USENET, this is known as a summary.  It lets people read all the
replies without annoying newsreaders getting in the way.  Do the same when
summarizing a vote.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette


Many are called, few are chosen.
Fewer still get to do the choosing.


The more cordial the buyers secretary, the greater
the odds that the competition already has the order.


What if there had been room at the inn?
		-- Linda Festa on the origins of Christianity


I'm going to Vietnam at the request of the White House.  President Johnson
says a war isn't really a war without my jokes.
		-- Bob Hope


The two couples were enjoying their vacation together at a resort hotel.  They
were in the middle of a game of Scrabble in the lobby when a thunderstorm cut
off the hotel's electricity, leaving little to do but retire to their rooms.
Bill was a rather devout man, so before getting into bed with his companion,
he said his prayers.  As he got under the covers, the lightning suddenly
flashed through the window and he discovered that he was in the wrong room.
He instantly jumped up and started to dash for the hallway.  "It's too late,
called the girl from the bed, "my guy doesn't pray."


Romeo wasn't bilked in a day.
		-- Walt Kelly, "Ten Ever-Lovin' Blue-Eyed Years With
		   Pogo"


DEJA VU:
	French., already seen; unoriginal; trite.
	Psychol., The illusion of having previously experienced
	something actually being encountered for the first time.
	Psychol., The illusion of having previously experienced
	something actually being encountered for the first time.


So, good night, you moonlit ladies,
Rock-a-bye sweet baby James.
Deep greens and blues are the colors I choose,
Won't you let me go down in my dreams?
And rock-a-bye sweet baby James.
		-- James Taylor, "Rock-a-bye Sweet Baby James"


