Silence can be the biggest lie of all.  We have a responsibility to speak
up; and whenever the occasion calls for it, we have a responsibility to
raise bloody hell.
		-- Herbert Block


Is it just me, or does anyone else read "bible humpers" every time
someone writes "bible thumpers?"
		-- Joel M. Snyder, jms@mis.arizona.edu


The Feynman Problem-Solving Algorithm:
	(1) write down the problem.
	(2) think very hard.
	(3) write down the answer.
		-- Murray Gell-Mann


The only really decent thing to do behind a person's back is pat it.


For every credibility gap, there is a gullibility fill.
		-- R. Clopton


What's another word for "thesaurus"?
		-- Steven Wright


Udall's Fourth Law:
	Any change or reform you make
	is going to have consequences you don't like.


History repeats itself -- the first time as a tragi-comedy, the second
time as bedroom farce.


A person forgives only when they are in the wrong.


Most men would never get laid if it weren't for the pity fuck.


Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Give me chastity and continence, but not just now.
		-- St. Augustine


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(2) The single greatest threat to the free people of the world is posed
    by the heinous idea of centralized government control.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Money is a powerful aphrodisiac.  But flowers work almost as well.
		-- Lazarus Long


Q:	What's more fearsome than a grizzly bear with AIDS?
A:	The guy he got it from.


Cache:
	A very expensive part of the memory system of a computer that no one
	is supposed to know is there.


Hatcheck girl:
	"Goodness!  What lovely diamonds!"
Mae West:
	"Goodness had nothin' to do with it, dearie."
		-- "Night After Night", 1932


A career is great, but you can't run your fingers through its hair.


This Fortue Examined By INSPECTOR NO. 2-14


Very few people do anything creative after the age of thirty-five.  The
reason is that very few people do anything creative before the age of
thirty-five.
		-- Joel Hildebrand


Everyone is a genius.  It's just that some people are too stupid to
realize it.


Just because they are called "forbidden" transitions does not mean that they
are forbidden.  They are less allowed than allowed transitions, if you see
what I mean.
		-- From a Part 2 Quantum Mechanics lecture


YOUR FOAMY FUTURE
	by Miss Fortune

ARIES (March 21 - April 19)
	Matters are not good, where your health is concerned.  This Fall, be
sure to "walk groundly, talk profoundly, drink roundly, and sleep soundly"
and you will live all the days of your life.

TAURUS (April 20 - May 20)
	You spent a fortune on beer this past summer and now find yourself
in a deep depression because you can't afford even one of your favorite
brewskis.  Don't fret too much, Taurus.  To get back on your feet simply
miss two car payments.

GEMINI (May 21 - June 21)
	You think you're falling in love with a person who has a lot in
common with yourself.  You both prefer ales, you've both tried your hand
at homebrewing, and you both want to visit every new brewpub that opens.
Sounds impressive but remember you really don't know your partner until
you meet in court.


I must get out of these wet clothes and into a dry Martini.
		-- Alexander Woollcott


THE NEW RIGHT:
	A javelin team that elects to receive.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(9) Americans opposing America is not always sacred nor courageous ...
    it is sometimes dangerous.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


You need only reflect that one of the best ways to get yourself a
reputation as a dangerous citizen these days is to go about repeating
the very phrases which our founding fathers used in the struggle for
independence.
		-- Charles A. Beard


My girlfriend and I sure had a good time at the beach last summer.  First
she'd bury me in the sand, then I'd bury her.  This summer I'm going to go
back and dig her up.


The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away.
Indian Giver be the name of the Lord.


I may be getting older, but I refuse to grow up!


Pyro's of the world... IGNITE !!!


Nowlan's Theory:
	He who hesitates is not only lost, but several miles from
	the next freeway exit.


Live in a world of your own, but always welcome visitors.


Nothing lasts forever.
Where do I find nothing?


It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more
doubtful of success, nor more dangerous to manage, than the creation of
a new system.  For the initiator has the enmity of all who would profit
by the preservation of the old institutions and merely lukewarm defenders
in those who would gain by the new ones.
		-- Niccolo Machiavelli, 1513


A pig is a jolly companion,
Boar, sow, barrow, or gilt --
A pig is a pal, who'll boost your morale,
Though mountains may topple and tilt.
When they've blackballed, bamboozled, and burned you,
When they've turned on you, Tory and Whig,
Though you may be thrown over by Tabby and Rover,
You'll never go wrong with a pig, a pig,
You'll never go wrong with a pig!
		-- Thomas Pynchon, "Gravity's Rainbow"


Someone did a study of the three most-often-heard phrases in New York
City.  One is "Hey, taxi."  Two is, "What train do I take to get to
Bloomingdale's?"  And three is, "Don't worry.  It's just a flesh wound."
		-- David Letterman


There were the Scots
Who kept the Sabbath
And everything else they could lay their hands on.
Then there were the Welsh
Who prayed on their knees and their neighbors.
Thirdly there were the Irish
Who never knew what they wanted
But were willing to fight for it anyway.
Lastly there were the English
Who considered themselves a self-made nation
Thus relieving the Almighty of a dreadful responsibility.


Never sleep with a woman whose troubles are worse than your own.
		-- Nelson Algren


Men have a much better time of it than women; for one
thing they marry later; for another thing they die earlier.
		-- H. L. Mencken


	Plumbing is one of the easier of do-it-yourself activities,
requiring only a few simple tools and a willingness to stick your arm
into a clogged toilet.  In fact, you can solve many home plumbing
problems, such as annoying faucet drip, merely by turning up the
radio.  But before we get into specific techniques, let's look at how
plumbing works.
	A plumbing system is very much like your electrical system,
except that instead of electricity, it has water, and instead of wires,
it has pipes, and instead of radios and waffle irons, it has faucets
and toilets.  So the truth is that your plumbing systems is nothing at
all like your electrical system, which is good, because electricity can
kill you.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Support the American Kidney Foundation.
Don't wear your motorcycle helmet.


The Great Movie Posters:

Different! Daring! Dynamic! Defying! Dumbfounding!
SEE Uncle Tom lead the Negroes to FREEDOM!
... Now, all the SENSUAL and VIOLENT passions Roots couldn't show on TV!
		-- Uncle Tom's Cabin (1972)

An appalling amalgam of carnage and carnality!
		-- Flesh and Blood Show (1973)

WHEN THE CATS ARE HUNGRY...
RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!
Alone, only a harmless pet...
	One Thousand Strong, They Become a Man-Eating Machine!
		-- The Night of a Thousand Cats (1972)

They're Over-Exposed
But Not Under-Developed!
		-- Cover Girl Models (1976)


I know you think you thought you knew what you thought I said,
but I'm not sure you understood what you thought I meant.


Q:	How many gradual (sorry, that's supposed to be "graduate") students
	does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	"I'm afraid we don't know, but make my stipend tax-free, give my
	advisor a $30,000 grant of the taxpayer's money, and I'm sure he
	can tell me how to do the shit work for him so he can take the
	credit for answering this incredibly vital question."


The explanation requiring the fewest assumptions
is the most likely to be correct.
		-- William of Occam


Going the speed of light is bad for your age.


Dear Emily:
	Today I posted an article and forgot to include my signature.
What should I do?
		-- Forgetful

Dear Forgetful:
	Rush to your terminal right away and post an article that says,
"Oops, I forgot to post my signature with that last article.  Here
it is."
	Since most people will have forgotten your earlier article,
(particularly since it dared to be so boring as to not have a nice, juicy
signature) this will remind them of it.  Besides, people care much more
about the signature anyway.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette


Egotist, n.:
	A person of low taste, more interested in himself than me.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


It's like deja vu all over again.
		-- Yogi Berra


There are two times when a man doesn't understand a woman -- before
marriage and after marriage.


	During a grouse hunt in North Carolina two intrepid sportsmen
were blasting away at a clump of trees near a stone wall.  Suddenly a
red-faced country squire popped his head over the wall and shouted,
"Hey, you almost hit my wife."
	"Did I?"  cried the hunter, aghast.  "Terribly sorry.  Have a
shot at mine, over there."


Enzymes are things invented by biologists
that explain things which otherwise require harder thinking.
		-- Jerome Lettvin


Every program has at least one bug and can be shortened by at least one
instruction -- from which, by induction, one can deduce that every program
can be reduced to one instruction which doesn't work.


You will be held hostage by a radical group.


If your bread is stale, make toast.


Nothing is rich but the inexhaustible wealth of nature.
She shows us only surfaces, but she is a million fathoms deep.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Vital papers will demonstrate their vitality by spontaneously moving
from where you left them to where you can't find them.


In reply to a message by Scott Long:

> Note: this amounts to life support for floppies.  The end IS coming.

Say it ain't so!  If you establish a dangerous trend like this in
your support for floppy booting, the next thing you know, some
computer manufacturer will start shipping machines without ANY FLOPPY
DRIVE AT ALL, leading to the infocalypse, the four horsemen pouring
their vials upon the earth, the birth of the anti-christ (or PERL 6,
whichever comes first), dogs and cats living together, etc.

It's the end of days, I tell you!  The end!  Can the FreeBSD/NetBSD
merger be that far off?
		-- Jordan Hubbard (31 January 2006)


I'd never cry if I did find
	A blue whale in my soup...
Nor would I mind a porcupine
	Inside a chicken coop.
Yes life is fine when things combine,
	Like ham in beef chow mein...
But lord, this time I think I mind,
	They've put acid in my rain.
		-- Milo Bloom


Love is being stupid together.
		-- Paul Valery


When among apes, one must play the ape.


But these pills can't be habit forming;
I've been taking them for years.


Dammit, man, that's unprofessional!  A good bartender laughs anyway!


Frankfort, Kentucky, makes it against the law to shoot off a
policeman's tie.


Winter is the season in which people try to keep the house
as warm as it was in the summer, when they complained about the heat.


Floppy now, hard later.


It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people.  The good ones
slept better... while the bad ones seemed to enjoy the waking hours much
more.
		-- Woody Allen, "Side Effects"


Hurewitz's Memory Principle:
	The chance of forgetting something is directly proportional
	to... to... uh.....


According to my best recollection, I don't remember.
		-- Vincent "Jimmy Blue Eyes" Alo


Whatever else can be said about sex, it cannot be called a dignified
performance.
		-- Helen Lawrenson


Snow White has become a camera buff.  She spends hours and hours
shooting pictures of the seven dwarfs and their antics.  Then she
mails the exposed film to a cut rate photo service.  It takes weeks
for the developed film to arrive in the mail, but that is all right
with Snow White.  She clears the table, washes the dishes and sweeps
the floor, all the while singing "Someday my prints will come."


Life is a shit sandwich, and every day you get to take another bite.
It's just that some days are TWO BITE days ...


And Bezel saideth unto Sham: "Sham," he saideth, "Thou shalt goest
unto the town of Begorrah, and there thou shalt fetcheth unto thine
bosom 35 talents, and also shalt thou fetcheth a like number of cubits,
provideth that they are nice and fresh."
		-- Dave Barry, "Getting Religion"


He hated to mend, so young Ned
Called in a cute neighbor instead.
	Her husband said, "Vi,
	When you stitched up his torn fly,
Did you have to bite off the thread?"


Patent, v.:
	A method of publicizing inventions so others can copy them.


Whoever would lie usefully should lie seldom.


You should never wear your best trousers
when you go out to fight for freedom and liberty.
		-- Henrik Ibsen


Many a long dispute between divines may thus be abridged: It is so.  It
is not so.  It is so.  It is not so.
		-- Benjamin Franklin, "Poor Richard's Almanack"


	On his first day as a bus driver, Maxey Eckstein handed in
receipts of $65.  The next day his take was $67.  The third day's
income was $62.  But on the fourth day, Eckstein emptied no less than
$283 on the desk before the cashier.
	"Eckstein!" exclaimed the cashier.  "This is fantastic.  That
route never brought in money like this!  What happened?"
	"Well, after three days on that cockamamie route, I figured
business would never improve, so I drove over to Fourteenth Street and
worked there.  I tell you, that street is a gold mine!"


The secret of happiness is total disregard of everybody.


MOSQUITO:
	The state bird of New Jersey.


I just ate a whole package of Sweet Tarts and a can of Coke.
I think I saw God.
		-- B. Hathrume Duk


Tell me why the stars do shine,
Tell me why the ivy twines,
Tell me why the sky's so blue,
And I will tell you just why I love you.

	Nuclear fusion makes stars to shine,
	Phototropism makes ivy twine,
	Rayleigh scattering makes sky so blue,
	Sexual hormones are why I love you.


One expresses well the love he does not feel.
		-- J. A. Karr


In the beginning there was nothing.  And the Lord said "Let There Be Light!"
And still there was nothing, but at least now you could see it.


Hear about...
	the fun-loving young lady who insists she won't even consider
	marriage until she's gotten some experience under her belt?


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Woman:

 1. Beer understands the difference between shooting down an unidentified
	aircraft in a war zone and blowing a Korean airliner out of the sky.
 2. A beer would never own a car with an automatic transmission.
 3. A beer never fishes for compliments.
 4. Beer tastes good.
 5. A beer can enjoy an evening of watching "Johnny-the-Wadd-Holmes' Greatest
	Hits" as much as you do.
 6. An ice-cold beer will nonetheless let you have your way with it.
 7. A beer won't ask you to pick up some tampons when you go to the store.
 8. Beer never asks you to change the station.
 9. A beer won't fill up your 'Vette with 85-octane gas because it's twenty
	cents less expensive.
10. A beer won't make you eat experimental vegetarian meals that taste
	like grass.


Not only is God dead, but just try to find a plumber on weekends.
		-- Woody Allen


What we need is either less corruption,
or more chance to participate in it.


What's another word for "thesaurus"?
		-- Steven Wright


A bird in the hand is worth what it will bring.


Passwords are implemented as a result of insecurity.


We don't believe in rheumatism and true love until after the first attack.
		-- Marie Ebner von Eschenbach


As long as I am mayor of this city [Jersey City, New Jersey] the great
industries are secure.  We hear about constitutional rights, free speech
and the free press.  Every time I hear these words I say to myself, "That
man is a Red, that man is a Communist".  You never hear a real American
talk like that.
		-- Frank Hague (1896-1956)


In this world of sin and sorrow there is always something to be
thankful for; as for me, I rejoice that I am not a Republican.
		-- H. L. Mencken


	One spring evening, after a hard rain, grandpa and grandson were
sitting out on the porch, talking.  Grandpa spied a worm crawling up out
of its hole and said to his grandson, "Sonny, if you can get that there
worm back down its hole, I'll give you five dollars."
	"Sure!", says sonny, and runs in the house.  Out he runs an
instant later with a can of hairspray, grabs the worm, and sprays it with
the hairspray as it dangles earthward.  He then slips the stiff worm back
into its hole and turns to his grandpa with a huge smile on his face.
	"Well, I'll be.  That was pretty smart there, boy.", he says.
"Here's your fiver.", he adds as he fishes out a bill.  By then it's almost
dark, and they say their goodnights and part.
	The next day sonny's playing out on the porch, and grandpa comes
out of the house and gives him a five.  "But you gave me my five yesterday,
grandpa.", he remarks.
	"Yep, I know.  This is from your Grandma."


Drew's Law of Highway Biology:
	The first bug to hit a clean windshield
	lands directly in front of your eyes.


SCENARIO:
	An imagined sequence of events that provides the context in
	which a business decision is made.  Scenarios always come in
	sets of three: best case, worst case, and just in case.


Silence can be the biggest lie of all.  We have a responsibility to speak
up; and whenever the occasion calls for it, we have a responsibility to
raise bloody hell.
		-- Herbert Block


Certain old men prefer to rise at dawn, taking a cold bath and a long
walk with an empty stomach and otherwise mortifying the flesh.  They
then point with pride to these practices as the cause of their sturdy
health and ripe years; the truth being that they are hearty and old,
not because of their habits, but in spite of them.  The reason we find
only robust persons doing this thing is that it has killed all the
others who have tried it.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


People are like onions -- you cut them up, and they make you cry.


The onset and the waning of love make themselves felt
in the uneasiness experienced at being alone together.
		-- Jean de la Bruyere


It is easier to make a saint out of a libertine than out of a prig.
		-- George Santayana


The University of California Bears announced the signing of Reggie
Philbin to a letter of intent to attend Cal next Fall.  Philbin is
said to make up for no talent by cheating well.  Says Philbin of
his decision to attend Cal, "I'm in it for the free ride."


My God, I'm depressed!  Here I am, a computer with a mind a thousand times
as powerful as yours, doing nothing but cranking out fortunes and sending
mail about softball games.  And I've got this pain right through my ALU.
I've asked for it to be replaced, but nobody ever listens.  I think it
would be better for us both if you were to just log out again.


Already the spirit of our schooling is permeated with the feeling that every
subject, every topic, every fact, every professed truth must be submitted
to a certain publicity and impartiality.  All proffered samples of learning
must go to the same assay-room and be subjected to common tests.  It is the
essence of all dogmatic faiths to hold that any such "show-down" is
sacrilegious and perverse.  The characteristic of religion, from their point
of view, is that it is intellectually secret, not public; peculiarly revealed,
not generally known; authoritatively declared, not communicated and tested
in ordinary ways...It is pertinent to point out that, as long as religion
is conceived as it is now by the great majority of professed religionists,
there is something self-contradictory in speaking of education in religion
in the same sense in which we speak of education in topics where the method
of free inquiry has made its way.  The "religious" would be the last to be
willing that either the history of the content of religion should be taught
in this spirit; while those to whom the scientific standpoint is not merely
a technical device, but is the embodiment of the integrity of mind, must
protest against its being taught in any other spirit.
		-- John Dewey, "Democracy in the Schools" (1908)


To say that UNIX is doomed is pretty rabid, OS/2 will certainly play a role,
but you don't build a hundred million instructions per second multiprocessor
micro and then try to run it on OS/2.  I mean, get serious.
		-- William Zachmann, International Data Corp


Another nun joke!!!
	You see, three nuns were walking down the street, when suddenly
this flasher jumped out in front of them and opened his trench coat,
exposing his all to the sisters.  Well, two of the nuns had strokes right
there, but the third nun wouldn't touch it.


There is no need to do any housework at all.  After the first four years
the dirt doesn't get any worse.
		-- Quentin Crisp


Love ain't nothin' but sex misspelled.


I'm changing my name to Chrysler
I'm going down to Washington, D.C.
I'll tell some power broker
	What they did for Iacocca
Will be perfectly acceptable to me!
I'm changing my name to Chrysler,
I'm heading for that great receiving line.
When they hand a million grand out,
	I'll be standing with my hand out,
Yessir, I'll get mine!
		-- Tom Paxton


What's the ugliest part of your body?
What's the ugliest part of your body?
Some say your nose,
Some say your toes,
But I think it's your mind.
		-- Frank Zappa, 1965


	Churchill was given to reading in the bathtub and, while staying at
the White House, he once became so engrossed in an account of the Battle of
Fonteney that he forgot President Roosevelt was due to drop by to discuss the
upcoming conference in Yalta.  At the appointed hour, the President was
wheeled into Churchill's quarters only to be informed that the Prime Minister
had not finished bathing.  Roosevelt was about to apologize for the intrusion
and depart when Churchill, puffing his customary cigar, strode into the room
stark naked and greeted the nonplussed world leader with a terse, "What are
you staring at, homo?"
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


It's so fuckin' great to be alive!


I put up my thumb... and it blotted out the planet Earth.
		-- Neil Armstrong


If it's Tuesday, this must be someone else's fortune.


To err is human -- to blame it on a computer is even more so.


Teach children to be polite and courteous in the home, and,
when they grow up, they won't be able to edge a car onto a freeway.


Fortune's Law of the Week (this week, from Kentucky):
	No female shall appear in a bathing suit at any airport in this
State unless she is escorted by two officers or unless she is armed
with a club.  The provisions of this statute shall not apply to females
weighing less than 90 pounds nor exceeding 200 pounds, nor shall it
apply to female horses.


Higgins:	Doolittle, you're either an honest man or a rogue.
Doolittle:	A little of both, Guv'nor.  Like the rest of us, a
		little of both.
		-- Shaw, "Pygmalion"


Girls who throw themselves at men,
are actually taking very careful aim.


Q:	How do you keep a moron in suspense?


Use an accordion.  Go to jail.
		-- KFOG, San Francisco


-- All articles that coruscate with resplendence are not truly auriferous.
-- When there are visible vapors having the prevenience in ignited
	carbonaceous materials, there is conflagration.
-- Sorting on the part of mendicants must be interdicted.
-- A plethora of individuals wither expertise in culinary techniques vitiated
	the potable concoction produced by steeping certain coupestibles.
-- Eleemosynary deeds have their initial incidence intramurally.


Expect a letter from a friend who will ask a favor of you.


THEGODDESSOFTHENETHASTWISTINGFINGERSANDHERVOICEISLIKEAJAVALININTHENIGHTDUDE


A place for everything and everything in its place.
		-- Isabella Mary Beeton, "The Book of Household Management"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to memory management system services.]


Sex discriminates against the shy and ugly.


What passes for woman's intuition is often nothing
more than man's transparency.
		-- George Nathan


	Once again we find ourselves enmeshed in The Holiday Season, that very
special time of year when we join with our loved ones in sharing centuries-old
traditions such as trying to find a parking space at the mall.  We
traditionally do this in my family by driving around the parking lot until we
see a shopper emerge from the mall.  Then we follow her, in very much the same
spirit as the Three Wise Men, who, 2,000 years ago, followed a star, week after
week, until it led them to a parking space.
	We try to keep our bumper about 4 inches from the shopper's calves, to
let the other circling cars know that she belongs to us.  Sometimes, two cars
will get into a fight over whom the shopper belongs to, similar to the way
great white sharks will fight over who gets to eat a snorkeler.  So, we follow
our shopper closely, hunched over the steering wheel, whistling "It's Beginning
to Look a Lot Like Christmas" through our teeth, until we arrive at her car,
which is usually parked several time zones away from the mall.  Sometimes our
shopper tries to indicate she was merely planning to drop off some packages and
go back to shopping.  But, when she hears our engine rev in a festive fashion
and sees the holiday gleam in our eyes, she realizes she would never make it.
		-- Dave Barry, "Holiday Joy -- Or, the Great Parking Lot
		   Skirmish"


Men ought to know that from the brain and from the brain only arise our
pleasures, joys, laughter, and jests as well as our sorrows, pains, griefs
and tears.  ...  It is the same thing which makes us mad or delirious,
inspires us with dread and fear, whether by night or by day, brings us
sleeplessness, inopportune mistakes, aimless anxieties, absent-mindedness
and acts that are contrary to habit...
		-- Hippocrates, "The Sacred Disease"


Don't take life seriously, you'll never get out alive.


