Many people would rather die than think; in fact, most do.
		-- Bertrand Russell


This is the _L_A_S_T time I take travel suggestions from Ray Bradbury!


Civilization is the limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities.
		-- Mark Twain


If thine eye offends thee, pluck it out.
If thy dick offends thee, whack it off.


Think twice before speaking, but don't say "think think click click".


It's easier to be a liberal a long way from home.
		-- Don Price


Debug is human, de-fix divine.


When we write programs that "learn",
it turns out we do and they don't.


GUILLOTINE:
	A French chopping center.


Piping down the valleys wild,
Piping songs of pleasant glee,
On a cloud I saw a child,
And he laughing said to me:
"Pipe a song about a Lamb!"
So I piped with merry cheer.
"Piper, pipe that song again;"
So I piped: he wept to hear.
		-- William Blake, "Songs of Innocence"


Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go
away.
		-- Philip K. Dick


Hire the handicapped -- they're fun to watch!


I have never understood this liking for war.  It panders to instincts
already catered for within the scope of any respectable domestic
establishment.
		-- Alan Bennett


Boy, life takes a long time to live.
		-- Steven Wright


Stellar rays prove fibbing never pays.
Embezzlement is another matter.


Fucking is a filthy deed. -- I like it.
It satisfies a normal need. -- I like it.
	It makes you sick, it makes you well,
	It turns your spine to fucking jell,
It damns your soul to Eternal Hell! -- I like it.


They also serve who only stand and wait.
		-- John Milton


Love comes in spurts.
		-- Devo, "Please Please"


Yes, that was Richard Nixon.  He used to be President.  When he left
the White House, the Secret Service would count the silverware.
		-- Woody Allen, "Sleeper"


But if you wish at once to do nothing and to be respectable
nowadays, the best pretext is to be at work on some profound study.
		-- Leslie Stephen, "Sketches from Cambridge"


Lie, n.:
	A very poor substitute for the truth, but the only one
	discovered to date.


After a number of decimal places, nobody gives a damn.


Bingo, gas station, hamburger with a side order of airplane noise,
and you'll be Gary, Indiana.
		-- Jessie, "Greaser's Palace"


This is the first numerical problem I ever did.  It demonstrates the
power of computers:

Enter lots of data on calorie & nutritive content of foods.  Instruct the
thing to maximize a function describing nutritive content, with a minimum
level of each component, for fixed caloric content.  The results are that
one should eat each day:

	1/2 chicken
	1 egg
	1 glass of skim milk
	27 heads of lettuce.
		-- Rev. Adrian Melott


The root of all superstition is that men
observe when a thing hits, but not when it misses.
		-- Francis Bacon


Ooops.  Gotta run.  My dog wants sex.  Later.


The misnaming of fields of study is so common as to lead to what might be
general systems laws.  For example, Frank Harary once suggested the law that
any field that had the word "science" in its name was guaranteed thereby
not to be a science.  He would cite as examples Military Science, Library
Science, Political Science, Homemaking Science, Social Science, and Computer
Science.  Discuss the generality of this law, and possible reasons for its
predictive power.
		-- Gerald Weinberg, "An Introduction to General Systems
		   Thinking"


A man without a woman is like a statue without pigeons.


Don't suspect your friends -- turn them in!
		-- "Brazil"


It is better to have a positive Wasserman than never to have loved at all.


It is only with the heart one can see clearly;
what is essential is invisible to the eye.
		-- The Fox, "The Little Prince"


A lady with one of her ears applied
To an open keyhole heard, inside,
Two female gossips in converse free --
The subject engaging them was she.
"I think", said one, "and my husband thinks
That she's a prying, inquisitive minx!"
As soon as no more of it she could hear
The lady, indignant, removed her ear.
"I will not stay," she said with a pout,
"To hear my character lied about!"
		-- Gopete Sherany


I'd love to go out with you, but the man on television told me to stay
tuned.


"Home, Sweet Home" must surely have been written by a bachelor.
		-- Samuel Butler


A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
Therefore, a man without a woman is like a bicycle without a fish.


How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.


Decorate your home.  It gives the illusion
that your life is more interesting than it really is.
		-- C. Schultz


Money can't buy happiness, but it can make you
awfully comfortable while you're being miserable.
		-- C. B. Luce


Every nonzero finite dimensional inner product space has an orthonormal basis.

It makes sense, when you don't think about it.


You can find sympathy, in the dictionary, right near shit and suicide.


This product is meant for educational purposes only.  Any resemblance to real
persons, living or dead is purely coincidental.  Void where prohibited.  Some
assembly may be required.  Batteries not included.  Contents may settle during
shipment.  Use only as directed.  May be too intense for some viewers.  If
condition persists, consult your physician.  No user-serviceable parts inside.
Breaking seal constitutes acceptance of agreement.  Not responsible for direct,
indirect, incidental or consequential damages resulting from any defect, error
or failure to perform.  Slippery when wet.  For office use only.  Substantial
penalty for early withdrawal.  Do not write below this line.  Your canceled
check is your receipt.  Avoid contact with skin.  Employees and their families
are not eligible.  Beware of dog.  Driver does not carry cash.  Limited time
offer, call now to insure prompt delivery.  Use only in well-ventilated area.
Keep away from fire or flame.  Some equipment shown is optional.  Price does
not include taxes, dealer prep, or delivery.  Penalty for private use.  Call
toll free before digging.  Some of the trademarks mentioned in this product
appear for identification purposes only.  All models over 18 years of age.  Do
not use while operating a motor vehicle or heavy equipment.  Postage will be
paid by addressee.  Apply only to affected area.  One size fits all.  Many
suitcases look alike.  Edited for television.  No solicitors.  Reproduction
strictly prohibited.  Restaurant package, not for resale.  Objects in mirror
are closer than they appear.  Decision of judges is final.  This supersedes
all previous notices.  No other warranty expressed or implied.


Seems like this guy wanders into a rural outfitting store in Alaska,
and starts talking to a rather grizzled old man sitting by the cash
register.
	"Hear ya got a lotta' bears 'round here?"
	"Yeah, you could say that," answers the old man.
	"GRIZZLIES?!?!"
	"A few."
	"Got any bear bells?"
	"What's that?"
	"You know, them little dingle-bells ya put on yer backpack so
bears know yer there so's they can run away ...  I'll take one fer black
bears, and one fer them grizzlies.  Say, how do you know yer in grizzly
country, anyhow?"
	"Look fer scat.  Grizzly scat's different from black bear scat."
	"Well now, what's IN grizzly scat that's different?"
	"Bear bells."


You shouldn't have to pay for your love with your bones and your flesh.
		-- Pat Benatar, "Hell is for Children"


She is not refined.  She is not unrefined.  She keeps a parrot.
		-- Mark Twain


For fast-acting relief, try slowing down.


Well, anyway, I was reading this James Bond book, and right away I realized
that like most books, it had too many words.  The plot was the same one that
all James Bond books have: An evil person tries to blow up the world, but
James Bond kills him and his henchmen and makes love to several attractive
women.  There, that's it: 24 words.  But the guy who wrote the book took
*thousands* of words to say it.
	Or consider "The Brothers Karamazov", by the famous Russian alcoholic
Fyodor Dostoyevsky.  It's about these two brothers who kill their father.
Or maybe only one of them kills the father.  It's impossible to tell because
what they mostly do is talk for nearly a thousand pages.  If all Russians talk
as much as the Karamazovs did, I don't see how they found time to become a
major world power.
	I'm told that Dostoyevsky wrote "The Brothers Karamazov" to raise
the question of whether there is a God.  So why didn't he just come right
out and say: "Is there a God? It sure beats the heck out of me."
	Other famous works could easily have been summarized in a few words:

* "Moby Dick" -- Don't mess around with large whales because they symbolize
  nature and will kill you.
* "A Tale of Two Cities" -- French people are crazy.
		-- Dave Barry


One of the large consolations for experiencing anything
unpleasant is the knowledge that one can communicate it.
		-- Joyce Carol Oates


Sight is a faculty; seeing is an art.


There's nothing better than good sex.  But bad sex?  A peanut butter
and jelly sandwich is better than bad sex.
		-- Billy Joel


If you give Congress a chance to vote on
both sides of an issue, it will always do it.
		-- Les Aspin, D, Wisconsin


Have you ever stopped to think what it would be like to have a woman
President?  "I can't deal with the Russians today.  Not now.  I've got
my period."
		-- Steven Moore


Little Boy Blue -- He needed the money.
		-- Andrew "Dice" Clay


More computing sins are committed in the name of efficiency (without
necessarily achieving it) than for any other single reason -- including
blind stupidity.
		-- W. A. Wulf


The opulence of the front office door varies
inversely with the fundamental solvency of the firm.


Let me take you a button-hole lower.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"


Q:	What do you do if an Irishman throws a pin at you?
A:	Run like hell, he's got a grenade in his mouth!!


Happiness isn't having what you want, it's wanting what you have.


But if you wish at once to do nothing and to be respectable
nowadays, the best pretext is to be at work on some profound study.
		-- Leslie Stephen, "Sketches from Cambridge"


In high school in Brooklyn
I was the baseball manager,
proud as I could be
I chased baseballs,
gathered thrown bats
handed out the towels			Eventually, I bought my own
It was very important work		but it was dark blue while
for a small spastic kid,		the official ones were green
but I was a team member			Nobody ever said anything
When the team got			to me about my blue jacket;
their warm-up jackets			the guys were my friends
I didn't get one			Yet it hurt me all year
Only the regular team			to wear that blue jacket
got these jackets, and			among all those green ones
surely not a manager			Even now, forty years after,
					I still recall that jacket
					and the memory goes on hurting.
		-- Bart Lanier Safford III, "An Obscured Radiance"


There exist tasks which cannot be done
by more than 10 men or fewer than 100.
		-- Steele's Law


What is the sound of one hand clapping?


Meester, do you vant to buy a duck?


The computer gets faster! --Moore--


Ehrman's Commentary:
	(1) Things will get worse before they get better.
	(2) Who said things would get better?


It's Like This

Even the samurai
have teddy bears,
and even the teddy bears
get drunk.


Television is a medium because anything well done is rare.
		-- attributed to both Fred Allen and Ernie Kovacs


Don't worry if you're a kleptomaniac,
you can always take something for it.


Life is too short to stuff a mushroom.
		-- Storm Jameson


There is a new model of car being sold in San Francisco --
the pervertible.  The top doesn't go down, but the driver does.


Be frank and explicit with your lawyer ... it is his business to confuse
the issue afterwards.


It happened that a fire broke out backstage in a theater.  The clown
came out to inform the public.  They thought it was just a jest and
applauded.  He repeated his warning, they shouted even louder.  So I
think the world will come to an end amid general applause from all the
wits, who believe that it is a joke.
		-- S. A. Kierkegaard (1813-1855)


All theoretical chemistry is really physics;
and all theoretical chemists know it.
		-- Richard P. Feynman


Ye've also got to remember that ... respectable people do the most
astonishin' things to preserve their respectability.  Thank God
I'm not respectable.
		-- Ruthven Campbell Todd


Ok, note to all reading this: if I ask for information and you don't
have the information available, don't bother sending me an e-mail
just to tell me that you don't have the information available. Wait
until you do have the information available, and then e-mail me. You'll
save precious time and electrons.
		-- Bill Paul


Women are nothing but machines for producing children.
		-- Napoleon


To doubt everything or to believe everything are two equally
convenient solutions; both dispense with the necessity of reflection.
		-- H. Poincare


It is contrary to reasoning to say that there
is a vacuum or space in which there is absolutely nothing.
		-- Rene Descartes


No one knows what he can do till he tries.
		-- Publilius Syrus


Leadership involves finding a parade and getting in front of it; what
is happening in America is that those parades are getting smaller and
smaller -- and there are many more of them.
		-- John Naisbitt, "Megatrends"


A friend of mine received a note through the mail advising him,
	"If you don't stop making love to my wife, I'll kill you."
The trouble is, the note wasn't signed.


In Christianity neither morality nor religion come into contact with
reality at any point.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Seeing is believing.
You wouldn't have seen it if you hadn't believed it.


I bet the human brain is a kludge.
		-- Marvin Minsky


If Jesus Christ were to come today, people would not even crucify him.
They would ask him to dinner, and hear what he had to say, and make
fun of it.
		-- Thomas Carlyle


Message from Our Sponsor on ttyTV at 13:58 ...


The voluptuous blond was chatting with her handsome escort in a posh
restaurant when their waiter, stumbling as he brought their drinks,
dumped a martini on the rocks down the back of the blonde's dress.  She
sprang to her feet with a wild rebel yell, dashed wildly around the table,
then galloped wriggling from the room followed by her distraught boyfriend.
A man seated on the other side of the room with a date of his own beckoned
to the waiter and said, "We'll have two of whatever she was drinking."


In the force if Yoda's so strong, construct a sentence with words in
the proper order then why can't he?


It's not the men in my life, but the life in my men that counts.
		-- Mae West


... If forced to travel on an airplane, try and get in the cabin with
the Captain, so you can keep an eye on him and nudge him if he falls
asleep or point out any mountains looming up ahead ...
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Excess on occasion is exhilarating.  It prevents moderation from
acquiring the deadening effect of a habit.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham


There are three ways to get something done:
	1: Do it yourself.
	2: Hire someone to do it for you.
	3: Forbid your kids to do it.


"You are old, Father William," the young man said,
	"All your papers these days look the same;
Those William's would be better unread --
	Do these facts never fill you with shame?"

"In my youth," Father William replied to his son,
	"I wrote wonderful papers galore;
But the great reputation I found that I'd won,
	Made it pointless to think any more."


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#5

Trust:
	The average woman would really like to be told if her mate is fooling
around behind her back.  This same woman wouldn't tell her best friend if
she knew the best friends' mate was having an affair.  She'll tell all her
OTHER friends, however.  The average man won't say anything if he knows that
one of his friend's mates is fooling around, and he'd rather not know if
his mate is having an affair either, out of fear that it might be with one
of his friends.  He will tell all his friends about his own affairs, though,
so they can be ready if he needs an alibi.

Driving:

	A typical man thinks he's Mario Andretti as soon as he slips behind
the wheel of his car.  The fact that it's an 8-year-old Honda doesn't keep
him from trying to out-accelerate the guy in the Porsche who's attempting
to cut him off; freeway on-ramps are exciting challenges to see who has The
Right Stuff on the morning commute.  Does he or doesn't he?  Only his body
shop knows for sure.  Insurance companies understand this behavior, and
price their policies accordingly.
	A woman will slow down to let a car merge in front of her, and get
rear-ended by another woman who was busy adding the finishing touches to
her makeup.


Q:	How many IBM types does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Fifteen.  One to do it, and fourteen to write document number
	GC7500439-0001, Multitasking Incandescent Source System Facility,
	of which 10% of the pages state only "This page intentionally
	left blank", and 20% of the definitions are of the form "A:.....
	consists of sequences of non-blank characters separated by blanks".


The bland leadeth the bland and they both shall fall into the kitsch.


Keep America beautiful.  Swallow your beer cans.


Flappity, floppity, flip
The mouse on the m"obius strip;
	The strip revolved,
	The mouse dissolved
In a chronodimensional skip.


Calvin Coolidge was the greatest man
who ever came out of Plymouth Corner, Vermont.
		-- Clarence Darrow


How do I love thee?  My accumulator overflows.


If the human brain were so simple that we could understand it,
we would be so simple we couldn't.


I had to hit him -- he was starting to make sense.


The hearing ear is always found close to the speaking tongue, a custom
whereof the memory of man runneth not howsomever to the contrary, nohow.


Support wildlife -- vote for an orgy.


Go slowly to the entertainments of thy friends,
but quickly to their misfortunes.
		-- Chilo


I haven't lost my mind -- it's backed up on tape somewhere.


It's a question of Napoleon brandy versus Ripple.
I am mellow and amber and I go down real smooth.
		-- Rita Moreno, commenting in Newsweek on the sex appeal
		   of older women versus younger women


May a hundred thousand midgets invade your home singing cheezy lounge-lizard
versions of songs from The Wizard of Oz.


All this big deal about white collar crime -- what's WRONG with white collar
crime?  Who enjoys his job today?  You?  Me?  Anybody?  The only satisfying
part of any job is coffee break, lunch hour and quitting time.  Years ago
there was at least the hope of improvement -- eventual promotion -- more
important jobs to come.  Once you can be sold the myth that you may make
president of the company you'll hardly ever steal stamps.  But nobody
believes he's going to be president anymore.  The more people change jobs
the more they realize that there is a direct connection between working for
a living and total stupefying boredom.  So why NOT take revenge?  You're not
going to find ME knocking a guy because he pads an expense account and his
home stationery carries the company emblem.  Take away crime from the white
collar worker and you will rob him of his last vestige of job interest.
		-- J. Feiffer


If it pours before seven, it has rained by eleven.


When I'm good, I'm great; but when I'm bad, I'm better.
		-- Mae West


How do I love thee?  My accumulator overflows.


Heisenberg may have done it.


In case of injury notify your superior immediately.
He'll kiss it and make it better.


All [zoos] actually offer to the public in return for the taxes spent
upon them is a form of idle and witless amusement, compared to which a
visit to a penitentiary, or even to a State legislature in session, is
informing, stimulating and ennobling.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Cache:
	A very expensive part of the memory system of a computer that no one
	is supposed to know is there.


Real programmers disdain structured programming.  Structured
programming is for compulsive neurotics who were prematurely toilet-
trained.  They wear neckties and carefully line up pencils on otherwise
clear desks.


God save us from a bad neighbor and a beginner on the fiddle.


Two men were standing around talking while nearby a large German Shepherd
lay licking his balls.  One man says to the other, "Damn, I wish I could
do that."
	The other man replies, "Well, it's okay by me, but I think you
ought to get to know him a little first."


Your mode of life will be changed to ASCII.


Work expands to fill the time available.
		-- Cyril Northcote Parkinson, "The Economist", 1955


Fourth Law of Applied Terror:
	The night before the English History mid-term, your Biology
	instructor will assign 200 pages on planaria.

Corollary:
	Every instructor assumes that you have nothing else to do except
	study for that instructor's course.


... Once you're safely in the mall, you should tie your children to you
with ropes so the other shoppers won't try to buy them.  Holiday
shoppers have been whipped into a frenzy by months of holiday
advertisements, and they will buy anything small enough to stuff into a
shopping bag.  If your children object to being tied, threaten to take
them to see Santa Claus; that ought to shut them up.
		-- Dave Barry, "Christmas Shopping: A Survivor's Guide"


Capitalism is the extraordinary belief that the nastiest of men, for
the nastiest of reasons, will somehow work for the benefit of us all.
		-- John Maynard Keynes


Q:	How many Marxists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	None:  The lightbulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.


We really don't have any enemies.
It's just that some of our best friends are trying to kill us.


Two men were sitting over coffee, contemplating the nature of things,
with all due respect for their breakfast.  "I wonder why it is that
toast always falls on the buttered side," said one.
	"Tell me," replied his friend, "why you say such a thing.  Look
at this."  And he dropped his toast on the floor, where it landed on the
dry side.
	"So, what have you to say for your theory now?"
	"What am I to say?  You obviously buttered the wrong side."


He who hesitates is last.


MOMENTUM:
	What you give a person when they are going away.


Canada is so square even the female impersonators are women.
		-- From the movie "Outrageous"


A mother takes twenty years to make a man of her boy,
and another woman makes a fool of him in twenty minutes.
		-- Frost


A is for awk, which runs like a snail, and
B is for biff, which reads all your mail.
C is for cc, as hackers recall, while
D is for dd, the command that does all.
E is for emacs, which rebinds your keys, and
F is for fsck, which rebuilds your trees.
G is for grep, a clever detective, while
H is for halt, which may seem defective.
I is for indent, which rarely amuses, and
J is for join, which nobody uses.
K is for kill, which makes you the boss, while
L is for lex, which is missing from DOS.
M is for more, from which less was begot, and
N is for nice, which it really is not.
O is for od, which prints out things nice, while
P is for passwd, which reads in strings twice.
Q is for quota, a Berkeley-type fable, and
R is for ranlib, for sorting ar table.
S is for spell, which attempts to belittle, while
T is for true, which does very little.
U is for uniq, which is used after sort, and
V is for vi, which is hard to abort.
W is for whoami, which tells you your name, while
X is, well, X, of dubious fame.
Y is for yes, which makes an impression, and
Z is for zcat, which handles compression.
		-- THE ABC'S OF UNIX


All seems condemned in the long run
to approximate a state akin to Gaussian noise.
		-- James Martin


QOTD:
	"This is a one line proof... if we start sufficiently far to the
	left."


I'll give you my opinion of the human race in a nutshell ... their heart's
in the right place, but their head is a thoroughly inefficient organ.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham, "The Summing Up"


Asynchronous inputs are at the root of our race problems.
		-- D. Winker and F. Prosser


If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner.
		-- Tallulah Bankhead


If they can't take a joke, then fuck 'em.
If they can, then fuck 'em.


Nolo contendere:
	A legal term meaning: "I didn't do it, judge, and I'll never do
	it again."


As part of the conversion, computer specialists rewrote 1,500 programs;
a process that traditionally requires some debugging.
		-- USA Today, referring to the Internal Revenue Service
		   conversion to a new computer system.


Fat people of the world unite, we've got nothing to lose!


You think Oedipus had a problem -- Adam was Eve's mother.


You can't carve your way to success without cutting remarks.


An optimist is a man who looks forward to marriage.
A pessimist is a married optimist.


paak, n:	A stadium or inclosed playing field. To put or leave (a
			vehicle) for a time in a certain location.
patato, n:	The starchy, edible tuber of a widely cultivated plant.
Septemba, n:	The 9th month of the year.
shua, n:	Having no doubt; certain.
sista, n:	A female having the same mother and father as the speaker.
tamato, n:	A fleshy, smooth-skinned reddish fruit eaten in salads
			or as a vegetable.
troopa, n:	A state policeman.
Wista, n:	A city in central Masschewsetts.
yaad, n:	A tract of ground adjacent to a building.
		-- Massachewsetts Unabridged Dictionary


It wasn't that she had a rose in her teeth, exactly.
It was more like the rose and the teeth were in the same glass.


I am returning this otherwise good typing paper to you because someone
has printed gibberish all over it and put your name at the top.
		-- Professor Lowd, English, Ohio University


Mistress, n.:
	Something between a mister and a mattress.


I am very fond of the company of ladies.  I like their beauty,
I like their delicacy, I like their vivacity, and I like their silence.
		-- Samuel Johnson


1 bulls, 3 cows.


A '49er walked into the saloon at Bloody Gulch.  He'd been prospecting for
more than a year.
	"Hey!  Y'got any wimmen around here?"
	"Nope," the bartender replied, "But there's George in the back room."
	"I don't go for that kind of thing," the prospector scowled.  He
downed his drink and left disgustedly.
A few months passed before the miner found his way down the mountain again.
He stumbled into the tavern and asked the bartender, "Any wimmen pass through
this part of town?"
	"Nope.  Nary a one.  But we still got George in the back room."
	Angry, the miner shouted, "I told you I don't go for that kind of
thing," and turned on his heel and left.
	Within a year he came back from his mine again.  With a wild look on
his face he re-entered the saloon.  Leaning over the bar he whispered to the
bartender, "If I was to go into the back room with George, how many people
'round here would know?"
	"Oh," the bartender said, scratching his chin, "'bout seven, I guess."
	"Seven!?"
	"Yep.  You, me, George, and the four men holdin' him down.  You see,
George don't go for that kind of thing neither."


Most fish live underwater, which is a terrible place to have sex
because virtually anywhere you lie down there will be stinging crabs
and large quantities of little fish staring at you with buggy little
eyes.  So generally when two fish want to have sex, they swim around
and around for hours, looking for someplace to go, until finally the
female gets really tired and has a terrible headache, and she just
dumps her eggs right on the sand and swims away.  Then the male, driven
by some timeless, noble instinct for survival, eats the eggs.  So the
truth is that fish don't reproduce at all, but there are so many of
them that it doesn't make any difference.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sex and the Single Amoeba: What Every
		   Teen Should Know"


	"Well, it's garish, ugly, and derelicts have used it for a toilet.
The rides are dilapidated to the point of being lethal, and could easily
maim or kill innocent little children."
	"Oh, so you don't like it?"
	"Don't like it?  I'm CRAZY for it."
		-- The Killing Joke


Crime does not pay... as well as politics.
		-- A. E. Neuman


The `loner' may be respected, but he is always resented by his colleagues,
for he seems to be passing a critical judgment on them, when he may be
simply making a limiting statement about himself.
		-- Sidney Harris


The goys have proven the following theorem...
		-- Physicist John von Neumann, at the start of a classroom
		lecture.


Woman would be more charming if one could
fall into her arms without falling into her hands.
		-- DeGourmont


Satire is what closes in New Haven.


One doesn't have a sense of humor.  It has you.
		-- Larry Gelbart


Q:	Know what the difference between your latest project
	and putting wings on an elephant is?
A:	Who knows?  The elephant *might* fly, heh, heh...


A retired schoolteacher finally decided that she was tired of living alone
and wanted some companionship, so after a good deal of thought she decided
to visit the local pet shop.  The owner suggested a parrot, with which she
could conduct a civilized conversation.  This seemed to be an excellent
idea, so she bought a handsome parrot, sat him on a perch in her living room,
and said, "Say 'Pretty boy.'"  Silence from the bird.  "Come on now, say
'Pretty boy ... pretty boy.'"
	At long last, disgustedly, the bird said, "Oh, shit."
	Shocked, the schoolteacher said, "Just for that, you get five minutes
in the refrigerator."  Five minutes later she put the shivering bird back on
its perch and said, "Now let's hear it: 'Pretty boy ... pretty boy.'"
	"Damn it, wouldja lay off, lady?" said the parrot.
	Outraged, the woman grabbed the bird, said, "That's it!  Ten minutes
in the freezer," and slammed the door on him.
	Hopping about to keep warm, what does the parrot come across but a
big frozen turkey waiting for Thanksgiving.  Startled, he squawks, "My God,
you must have told the bitch to go fuck herself!"


An avocado-tone refrigerator would look good on your resume.


You can grovel with a lover, you can grovel with a friend,
You can grovel with your boss, and it never has to end.

(chorus)	Grovel, grovel, grovel, every night and every day,
		Grovel, grovel, grovel, in your own peculiar way.

You can grovel in a hallway, you can grovel in a park,
You can grovel in an alley with a mugger after dark.
(chorus)

You can grovel with your uncle, you can grovel with your aunt,
You can grovel with your Apple, even though you say you can't.
(chorus)


A man with one watch knows what time it is.
A man with two watches is never quite sure.


