Surprise!  You are the lucky winner of random I.R.S Audit!
Just type in your name and social security number.
Please remember that leaving the room is punishable under law:

Name	#




What luck for the rulers that men do not think.
		-- Adolf Hitler


Victory uber allies!


Famous last words:
	1: Everything that you'll need to know is in the manual.
	2: You and what army?
	3: Don't worry, I can handle it.
	4: If you were as smart as you think you are, you wouldn't
		be a cop.
	5: I don't see how they make a profit
		out of this stuff at a dollar and a quarter a fifth.
	6: We're just getting into semantics again.
	7: Everything's under control.
	8: He's an asshole!  Don't try to "shush" me!


	Murray and Esther, a middle-aged Jewish couple, are touring
Chile.  Murray just got a new camera and is constantly snapping
pictures.  One day, without knowing it, he photographs a top-secret
military installation.  In an instant, armed troops surround Murray and
Esther and hustle them off to prison.
	They can't prove who they are because they've left their
passports in their hotel room.  For three weeks they're tortured day
and night to get them to name their contacts in the liberation
movement.  Finally they're hauled in front of a military court,
charged with espionage, and sentenced to death.
	The next morning they're lined up in front of the wall where
they'll be shot.  The sergeant in charge of the firing squad asks them
if they have any last requests.  Esther wants to know if she can call
her daughter in Chicago.  The sergeant says he's sorry, that's not
possible, and turns to Murray.
	"This is crazy!"  Murray shouts.  "We're not spies!"  And he
spits in the sergeants face.
	"Murray!"  Esther cries.  "Please!  Don't make trouble."
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


... difference of opinion is advantageous in religion.  The several sects
perform the office of a common censor morum over each other.  Is uniformity
attainable?  Millions of innocent men, women, and children, since the
introduction of Christianity, have been burnt, tortured, fined, imprisoned;
yet we have not advanced one inch towards uniformity.
		-- Thomas Jefferson, "Notes on Virginia"


	When the lodge meeting broke up, Meyer confided to a friend.
"Abe, I'm in a terrible pickle!  I'm strapped for cash and I haven't
the slightest idea where I'm going to get it from!"
	"I'm glad to hear that," answered Abe.  "I was afraid you
might have some idea that you could borrow from me!"


Mickey Mouse wears a Spiro Agnew watch.


We had it tough ... I had to get up at 9 o'clock at night, half an
hour before I went to bed, eat a lump of dry poison, work 29 hours down
mill, and when we came home our Dad would kill us, and dance about on
our grave singing Hallelujah ...
		-- Monty Python


There are a few things that never go out of style,
and a feminine woman is one of them.
		-- Ralston


So many men and so little time.


CONFIRMED BACHELOR:
	A man who goes through life without a hitch.


Only a mediocre person is always at his best.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


	A man walked into a bar with his alligator and asked the bartender,
"Do you serve lawyers here?".
	"Sure do," replied the bartender.
	"Good," said the man.  "Give me a beer, and I'll have a lawyer for
my 'gator."


Nothing succeeds like success.
		-- Alexandre Dumas


Two gentlemen met at the club after a long absence and talked.
	"Did you hear about Chumley?", one asked.
	"No, old man, what about him?"
	"Last seen in Africa, you know."
	"No, I didn't."
	"Yes.  Appalling.  Ran off with a gorilla.  Fallen in love."
	"Queer."
	"Not Chumley.  Female gorilla."


One expresses well the love he does not feel.
		-- J. A. Karr


Was it you that did the pushin',
Left the stains upon the cushion,
The footprints on the dashboard upside-down?
Was it you, you little pecker,
That got into my Rebecca,
If you did, you'd better leave this town!

Yes, 'twas I that did the pushin',
Left the stains upon the cushion,
Footprints on the dashboard upside-down.
But since I stuck your daughter,
I've had trouble passin' water,
So I guess we're kind of even all around!


Many a man has decided to stay alive not because of the will to live, but
because of the determination not to give assorted surviving bastards the
satisfaction of his death.
		-- Brendan Francis


Vail's Second Axiom:
	The amount of work to be done increases in proportion to the
	amount of work already completed.


Consider the little mouse, how sagacious an animal
it is which never entrusts its life to one hole only.
		-- Titus Maccius Plautus


For 20 dollars, I'll give you a good fortune next time ...


So now
that you have-

you know, whoever

you're trying
to do

a favor
for

-you've done it-

and I'm sure
you had

a smirk
on your mouth

as you got me
into this.
		-- "To Linda", from The Poetry Of H. Ross Perot,
		   composed for Linda Wertheimer of National Public
		   Radio.  From SPY Magazine, November 1992


DeVries' Dilemma:
	If you hit two keys on the typewriter,
	the one you don't want hits the paper.


The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance.


	"Gee, Mudhead, everyone at Morse Science High has an
extracurricular activity except you."
	"Well, gee, doesn't Louise count?"
	"Only to ten, Mudhead."
		-- The Firesign Theatre


There are two sides to every divorce: yours and the shithead's.


"But I don't want to go on the cart..."
"Oh, don't be such a baby!"
"But I'm feeling much better..."
"No you're not... in a moment you'll be stone dead!"
		-- Monty Python, "The Holy Grail"


Happiness is a hard disk.


Fishing, with me, has always been an excuse to drink in the daytime.
		-- Jimmy Cannon


Don't go to bed with no price on your head.
		-- Baretta


If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail.
		-- Maslow


The Worst Car Hire Service
	When David Schwartz left university in 1972, he set up Rent-a-wreck
as a joke.  Being a natural prankster, he acquired a fleet of beat-up
shabby, wreckages waiting for the scrap heap in California.
	He put on a cap and looked forward to watching people's faces as he
conducted them round the choice of bumperless, dented junkmobiles.
	To his lasting surprise there was an insatiable demand for them and
he now has 26 thriving branches all over America.  "People like driving
round in the worst cars available," he said.  Of course they do.
	"If a driver damages the side of a car and is honest enough to
admit it, I tell him, `Forget it'.  If they bring a car back late we
overlook it.  If they've had a crash and it doesn't involve another vehicle
we might overlook that too."
	"Where's the ashtray?" asked one Los Angeles wife, as she settled
into the ripped interior.  "Honey," said her husband, "the whole car's the
ash tray."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Did Detroit invent the back seat to destroy the morals of America?
		-- Ed Sanders


	"In this replacement Earth we're building they've given me Africa
to do and of course I'm doing it with all fjords again because I happen to
like them, and I'm old-fashioned enough to think that they give a lovely
baroque feel to a continent.  And they tell me it's not equatorial enough.
Equatorial!"  He gave a hollow laugh.  "What does it matter?  Science has
achieved some wonderful things, of course, but I'd far rather be happy than
right any day."
	"And are you?"
	"No.  That's where it all falls down, of course."
	"Pity," said Arthur with sympathy.  "It sounded like quite a good
life-style otherwise."
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


You know it's going to be a bad day when you want to put on the clothes
you wore home from the party and there aren't any.


They went rushing down that freeway,
Messed around and got lost.
They didn't care... they were just dying to get off,
And it was life in the fast lane.
		-- Eagles, "Life in the Fast Lane"


Cunnilingus is next to cleanliness.


The makers may make,
And the users may use,
But the fixers must fix
With but minimal clues.


A Fortran compiler is the hobgoblin of little minis.


Thirty white horses on a red hill,
First they champ,
Then they stamp,
Then they stand still.
		-- Tolkien


Under a government which imprisons any unjustly, the true place for a
just man is also in prison.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


The Schwine-Kitzenger Institute study of 47 men over the age of 100
showed that all had these things in common:

	(1) They all had moderate appetites.
	(2) They all came from middle class homes.
	(3) All but two of them were dead.


Hear about...
	the man who never worried about his marriage until he moved from New
	York to California and discovered that he still had the same milkman?


			Pittsburgh driver's test
3: When stopped at an intersection you should
	a) watch the traffic light for your lane.
	b) watch for pedestrians crossing the street.
	c) blow the horn.
	d) watch the traffic light for the intersecting street.
The correct answer is d.
You need to start as soon as the traffic light for the intersecting
street turns yellow.
Answer c is worth a half point.


[Prime Minister MacDonald] has the gift of compressing the
largest amount of words into the smallest amount of thought.
		-- Winston Churchill


Monday is an awful way to spend one seventh of your life.


Rhode's Law:
	When any principle, law, tenet, probability, happening, circumstance,
	or result can in no way be directly, indirectly, empirically, or
	circuitously proven, derived, implied, inferred, induced, deducted,
	estimated, or scientifically guessed, it will always for the purpose
	of convenience, expediency, political advantage, material gain, or
	personal comfort, or any combination of the above, or none of the
	above, be unilaterally and unequivocally assumed, proclaimed, and
	adhered to as absolute truth to be undeniably, universally, immutably,
	and infinitely so, until such time as it becomes advantageous to
	assume otherwise, maybe.


What the hell, go ahead and put all your eggs in one basket.


It seems appropriate to me that Mapplethorpe's perverse images should
be situated so close to Congress, which perpetuates a number of
unnatural acts upon the body politic every day, without benefit of
artificial lubrication or foreplay.
		-- Pat Calafia's review of Camille Paglia's
		   "Sex, Art and American Culture"


Little known fact about Middle Earth: The Hobbits had a very
sophisticated computer network!  It was a Tolkien Ring...


If you don't ride a camel to work, you ain't Sheeite.


The Soviet pre-eminence in chess can be traced to the average Russian's
readiness to brood obsessively over anything, even the arrangement of
some pieces of wood.  Indeed, the Russians' predisposition for quiet
reflection followed by sudden preventive action explains why they led
the field for many years in both chess and ax murders.  It is well
known that as early as 1970, the U.S.S.R., aware of what a defeat at
Reykjavik would do to national prestige, implemented a vigorous program
of preparation and incentive.  Every day for an entire year, a team of
psychologists, chess analysts and coaches met with the top three
Russian grand masters and threatened them with a pointy stick.  That
these tactics proved fruitless is now a part of chess history and a
further testament to the American way, which provides that if you want
something badly enough, you can always go to Iceland and get it from
the Russians.
		-- Marshall Brickman, Playboy, April, 1973


You come out of a woman and you spend the rest of your life trying to
get back inside.
		-- Heathcote Williams


If Ricky Schroder and Gary Coleman had a fight on television with
pool cues, who would win?
	1) Ricky Schroder
	2) Gary Coleman
	3) The television viewing public
		-- David Letterman


I went into a general store ... they wouldn't sell me anything specific.
		-- Steven Wright


In 1967, the Soviet Government minted a beautiful silver ruble with Lenin
in a very familiar pose - arms raised above him, leading the country to
revolution.  But, it was clear to everybody, that if you looked at it from
behind, it was clear that Lenin was pointing to 11:00, when the Vodka
shops opened, and was actually saying, "Comrades, forward to the Vodka shops.

It became fashionable, when one wanted to have a drink, to take out the
ruble and say, "Oh my goodness, Comrades, Lenin tells me we should go.


There exist tasks which cannot be done
by more than 10 men or fewer than 100.
		-- Steele's Law


By nature, men are nearly alike;
by practice, they get to be wide apart.
		-- Confucius


The history of warfare is similarly subdivided, although here the phases
are Retribution, Anticipation, and Diplomacy.  Thus:

Retribution:
	I'm going to kill you because you killed my brother.
Anticipation:
	I'm going to kill you because I killed your brother.
Diplomacy:
	I'm going to kill my brother and then kill you on the
	pretext that your brother did it.


Q:	How do you shoot a blue elephant?
A:	With a blue-elephant gun.

Q:	How do you shoot a pink elephant?
A:	Twist its trunk until it turns blue, then shoot it with
	a blue-elephant gun.


Keep women you cannot.  Marry them and they come to hate the way
you walk across the room; remain their lover, and they jilt you
at the end of six months.
		-- Moore


Don't worry.  Life's too long.
		-- Vincent Sardi, Jr.


You have a tendency to feel you are superior to most computers.


National Sex Week -- don't let your meat loaf.


The chains of marriage are so heavy that it takes two to carry them, and
sometimes three.
		-- Alexandre Dumas


You know you're in a small town when...
	You don't use turn signals because everybody knows where you're going.
	You're born on June 13 and your family receives gifts from the local
		merchants because you're the first baby of the year.
	Everyone knows whose credit is good, and whose wife isn't.
	You speak to each dog you pass, by name... and he wags his tail.
	You dial the wrong number, and talk for 15 minutes anyway.
	You write a check on the wrong bank and it covers you anyway.


Hark, Hark, the dogs do bark
The Duke is fond of kittens
He likes to take their insides out
And use them for his mittens
		-- "The 13 Clocks"


In any country there must be people who have to die.  They are the
sacrifices any nation has to make to achieve law and order.
		-- Idi Amin Dada


All I really want in life is a piece and some quiet.


The biggest difference between time and space is that you can't reuse time.
		-- Merrick Furst


If we all work together, we can totally disrupt the system.


Prince Hamlet thought Uncle a traitor
For having it off with his Mater;
	Revenge Dad or not?
	That's the gist of the plot,
And he did -- nine soliloquies later.
		-- Stanley J. Sharpless


Most folks they like the daytime,
	'cause they like to see the shining sun.
They're up in the morning,
	off and a-running till they're too tired for having fun.
But when the sun goes down,
	and the bright lights shine, my daytime has just begun.

Now there are two sides to this great big world,
	and one of them is always night.
If you can take care of business in the sunshine, baby,
	I guess you're gonna be all right.
Don't come looking for me to lend you a hand.
	My eyes just can't stand the light.

'Cause I'm a night owl honey, sleep all day long.
		-- Carly Simon


Hackers know all the right MOVs.


Hedonist for hire... no job too easy!


McGowan's Madison Avenue Axiom:
	If an item is advertised as "under $50",
	you can bet your ass it's not $19.95.


QOTD:
	"Money isn't everything, but at least it keeps the kids in touch."


The sheep died in the wool.


Fortune's Law of the Week (this week, from Kentucky):
	No female shall appear in a bathing suit at any airport in this
State unless she is escorted by two officers or unless she is armed
with a club.  The provisions of this statute shall not apply to females
weighing less than 90 pounds nor exceeding 200 pounds, nor shall it
apply to female horses.


Working with Julie Andrews is like getting hit over the head with
a valentine.
		-- Christopher Plummer


Words are the voice of the heart.


The majority of the stupid is invincible and guaranteed for all time.
The terror of their tyranny, however, is alleviated by their lack of
consistency.
		-- Albert Einstein


PLUG IT IN!!!


Tell you what," the haberdasher said to a persistent job applicant.  "I've
got one suit I can't sell -- that purple, green and yellow number over there.
If you can make that sale, you've not only got the job, you've got it for
life."
	Then the store owner left for lunch.  When he returned, he was shocked
to see the young man's clothes in tatters and his hands and face bleeding.
	"My God, what happened to you?"
	"I sold the suit!  I sold the suit!" the young man shouted, a smile
on his bloodied lips.
	"Congratulations," the haberdasher said.  "You've got the job.  But
what happened?  Did the customer start a fight?"
	"Oh, no," the new salesman replied.  "But his Seeing Eye dog was
*pissed*."


