Who is John Galt?


Is sex dirty?  Only if it's done right.
		-- Woody Allen, "All You Ever Wanted To Know About Sex"


'Twas orgy, and the hip and mod		And as in raffish thought he sprawled,
Did groove and trip out at the pad:	The Radcliffe girl, no idle flirt,
All whimsy were the slamming chicks,	Crept past the hippies getting balled
And the Radcliffe undergrad.		And doffed her miniskirt.

"Beware the Radcliffe girl, my son!	One, two!  One, two!  And through
The looks that melt, the claws that		and through
	catch!				The venerable staff went snicker-snack!
Beware the Byrn Mawr deb, and shun	He left her bred, sans maidenhead,
The uppity Wellesleysnatch!"		And went galumphing back.

He took his venerable staff in hand:	"And hast thou laid the Radcliffe girl?
Long time the cool young stuff he	Come to my arms, my horny boy!
	sought --			O spaced-out day!  Calooh!  Callay!"
So rested he among the spree		He cackled in his joy.
And paused to smoke some pot.
					'Twas orgy, and the hip and mod
					Did groove and trip out at the pad:
					All whimsy were the slamming chicks,
					And the Radcliffe undergrad.


If it were not for the presents, an elopement would be preferable.
		-- George Ade, "Forty Modern Fables"


No one can put you down without your full cooperation.


To everything there is a season, a time for every purpose under heaven:
A time to be born, and a time to die;
A time to plant, and a time to pluck what is planted;
A time to kill, and a time to heal;
A time to break down, and a time to build up;
A time to weep, and a time to laugh;
A time to mourn, and a time to dance;
A time to cast away stones, and a time to gather stones;
A time to embrace, and a time to refrain from embracing;
A time to gain, and a time to lose;
A time to keep, and a time to throw away;
A time to tear, and a time to sew;
A time to keep silence, and a time to speak;
A time to love, and a time to hate;
A time of war, and a time of peace.
		Ecclesiastes 3:1-9


"Contrariwise," continued Tweedledee, "if it was so, it might be, and
if it were so, it would be; but as it isn't, it ain't.  That's logic!"
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


All generalizations are false, including this one.
		-- Mark Twain


Set the cart before the horse.
		-- John Heywood


QOTD:
	"I treat her like a thoroughbred, and she's STILL a nag!"


Time sure flies when you don't know what you're doing.


Please, won't somebody tell me what diddie-wa-diddie means?


There are very few personal problems that cannot be
solved through a suitable application of high explosives.


Do, or do not; there is no try.


Hell hath no limits, nor is circumscribed in one self place,
for where we are is Hell, and where Hell is there must we ever be.
		-- Christopher Marlowe, "Doctor Faustus"


Little Miss Muffet sat on a tuffet,
Her knickers all tattered and torn.
For it wasn't a spider that sat down beside her,
But Little Boy Blue with his horn!


USENET would be a better laboratory is there were
more labor and less oratory.
		-- Elizabeth Haley


Q:	What is the difference between snow-men and snow-women?
A:	Snowballs!


	A young husband with an inferiority complex insisted he was just a
little pebble on the beach.  The marriage counselor told him, "If you wish to
save your marriage, you'd better be a little boulder."


Identify your visitor.


A strong conviction that something must be done is the parent of many
bad measures.
		-- Daniel Webster


I turned my air conditioner the other way around, and it got cold out.
The weatherman said "I don't understand it.  I was supposed to be 80
degrees today," and I said "Oops."

In my house on the ceilings I have paintings of the rooms above... so
I never have to go upstairs.

I just bought a microwave fireplace... You can spend an evening in
front of it in only eight minutes.
		-- Steven Wright


Can anyone remember when the times
were not hard, and money not scarce?


The State of California has no business subsidizing intellectual
curiosity.
		-- Ronald Reagan


Once upon a time, when I was training to be a mathematician, a group of
us bright young students taking number theory discovered the names of the
smaller prime numbers.

2:  The Odd Prime --
	It's the only even prime, therefore is odd.  QED.
3:  The True Prime --
	Lewis Carroll: "If I tell you 3 times, it's true."
31: The Arbitrary Prime --
	Determined by unanimous unvote.  We needed an arbitrary prime in
	case the prof asked for one, and so had an election.  91 received
	the most votes (well, it *looks* prime) and 3+4i the next most.
	However, 31 was the only candidate to receive none at all.
41: The Female Prime --
	The polynomial X**2 - X + 41 is
	prime for integer values from 1 to 40.
43: The Male Prime - they form a prime pair.

Since the composite numbers are formed from primes, their qualities
are derived from those primes.  So, for instance, the number 6 is "odd
but true", while the powers of 2 are all extremely odd numbers.


Rule of Life #1 -- Never get separated from your luggage.


We don't know who it was that discovered water, but we're pretty sure
that it wasn't a fish.
		-- Marshall McLuhan


I'm changing my name to Chrysler
I'm going down to Washington, D.C.
I'll tell some power broker
	What they did for Iacocca
Will be perfectly acceptable to me!
I'm changing my name to Chrysler,
I'm heading for that great receiving line.
When they hand a million grand out,
	I'll be standing with my hand out,
Yessir, I'll get mine!
		-- Tom Paxton


An optimist is a man who looks forward to marriage.
A pessimist is a married optimist.


And do you think (fop that I am) that I could be the Scarlet Pumpernickel?


Football is a game designed to keep coal miners off the streets.
		-- Jimmy Breslin


Sudden Death Dating:

Quote, female:
	Am I worried about taking his last name?  Forget it,
	at this point I'll take his first name, too.


Seems like this guy wanders into a rural outfitting store in Alaska,
and starts talking to a rather grizzled old man sitting by the cash
register.
	"Hear ya got a lotta' bears 'round here?"
	"Yeah, you could say that," answers the old man.
	"GRIZZLIES?!?!"
	"A few."
	"Got any bear bells?"
	"What's that?"
	"You know, them little dingle-bells ya put on yer backpack so
bears know yer there so's they can run away ...  I'll take one fer black
bears, and one fer them grizzlies.  Say, how do you know yer in grizzly
country, anyhow?"
	"Look fer scat.  Grizzly scat's different from black bear scat."
	"Well now, what's IN grizzly scat that's different?"
	"Bear bells."


If God had really intended men to fly,
he'd make it easier to get to the airport.
		-- George Winters


I own my own body, but I share.


One can't proceed from the informal to the formal by formal means.


Whistler's mother is off her rocker.


But, officer, he's not drunk, I just saw his fingers twitch!


Life to you is a bold and dashing responsibility.
		-- a Mary Chung's fortune cookie


At last, the first Soviet, artificially intelligent computer had been produced.
The engineers did not get it, nor the physicists.  First things first: it went
to the institute of Marxism-Leninism.

"IS IT POSSIBLE TO BUILD SOCIALISM IN SWITZERLAND?" typed in one of the
	theologians.
"YES," replied the computer.  "BUT IT WOULD BE SUCH A PITY TO DESTROY
	SUCH A BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY."


You know you're in trouble when...
1)	Your car horn goes off accidentally and remains stuck as you
		follow a group of Hell's Angels on the freeway.
2)	You want to put on the clothes you wore home from the party
		and there aren't any.
3)	Your boss tells you not to bother to take off your coat.
4)	The bird singing outside your window is a buzzard.
5)	You wake up and your braces are locked together.
6)	Your mother approves of the person you're dating.


CONFERENCE:
	A special meeting in which the boss gathers subordinates to hear
	what they have to say, so long as it doesn't conflict with what
	he's already decided to do.


WHENEVER ANYBODY SAYS he's struggling to become a human being I have to
laugh because the apes beat him to it by about a million years.  Struggle
to become a parrot or something.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Distributed Systems people do it loosely coupled.


A man's house is his castle.
		-- Sir Edward Coke


If men could get pregnant, abortion would be a sacrament.


One thing I have no worry about is whether God exists.  But it has
occurred to me that God has Alzheimer's and has forgotten we exist.
		-- Jane Wagner, "The Search for Signs of Intelligent
		   Life in the Universe"


The yankees, son, are up north.
The damnyankees are down here.


ROMEO: Courage, man; the hurt cannot be much.
MERCUTIO: No, 'tis not so deep as a well, nor so wide as a church-
	door; but 'tis enough, 'twill serve.


When all else fails, pour a pint of Guinness in the gas tank, advance
the spark 20 degrees, cry "God Save the Queen!", and pull the starter
knob.
		-- MG "Series MGA" Workshop Manual


The Great Movie Posters:

SHE TOOK ON A WHOLE GANG! A howling hellcat humping a hot steel hog
on a roaring rampage of revenge!
		-- Bury Me an Angel (1972)

WHAT'S THE SECRET INGREDIENT USED BY THE MAD BUTCHER FOR HIS SUPERB
SAUSAGES?
		-- Meat is Meat (1972)

TODAY the Pond!
TOMORROW the World!
		-- Frogs (1972)


It's a recession when your neighbor loses his job; it's a depression
when you lose yours.
		-- Harry S. Truman


It is far more impressive when others discover your good qualities
without your help.
		-- Miss Manners


100 buckets of bits on the bus
100 buckets of bits
Take one down, short it to ground
FF buckets of bits on the bus

FF buckets of bits on the bus
FF buckets of bits
Take one down, short it to ground
FE buckets of bits on the bus

ad infinitum...


Applause, n.:
	The echo of a platitude from the mouth of a fool.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Driving in Texas is simple.  For the first 100 miles you swerve to
avoid jackrabbits.  For the second 100 miles you hit whatever
jackrabbits get in the way.  After that you chase off into the
brush after them.


Literature is mostly about sex and not much about having children and life
is the other way round.
		-- David Lodge, "The British Museum is Falling Down"


I once was annoyed by a queer
Who made his intentions quite clear.
	Said I, "I'm no prude,
	So don't think me rude,
But I'm already stewed, screwed, and tattooed."


That's odd.  That's very odd.
Wouldn't you say that's very odd?


It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.


Approximately 80% of our air pollution stems from hydrocarbons
released by vegetation, so let's not go overboard in setting and
enforcing tough emissions standards from man-made sources.
		-- Ronald Reagan


Excess on occasion is exhilarating.  It prevents moderation from
acquiring the deadening effect of a habit.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham


Picking up the pieces of my sweet shattered dream,
I wonder how the old folks are tonight,
Her name was Ann, and I'll be damned if I recall her face,
She left me not knowing what to do.

Carefree Highway, let me slip away on you,
Carefree Highway, you seen better days,
The morning after blues, from my head down to my shoes,
Carefree Highway, let me slip away, slip away, on you...

Turning back the pages to the times I love best,
I wonder if she'll ever do the same,
Now the thing that I call livin' is just bein' satisfied,
With knowing I got noone left to blame.
Carefree Highway, I got to see you, my old flame...

Searching through the fragments of my dream shattered sleep,
I wonder if the years have closed her mind,
I guess it must be wanderlust or tryin' to get free,
From the good old faithful feelin' we once knew.
		-- Gordon Lightfoot, "Carefree Highway"


BALTIMORE:
	A wharf-rat stealing Diogenes' lamp.


Uncle Sam comes off as the perverted relative who'll offer you a
bit of candy, but if you won't bend over for him, you get a beating.


Mittsquinter, adj.:
	A ballplayer who looks into his glove after missing the ball,
	as if, somehow, the cause of the error lies there.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Soap and education are not as sudden as a
massacre, but they are more deadly in the long run.
		-- Mark Twain


Reality is an obstacle to hallucination.


IBM Pollyanna Principle:
	Machines should work.  People should think.


If reporters don't know that truth is plural, they ought to be lawyers.
		-- Tom Wicker


	A novice asked the Master: "Here is a programmer that never designs,
documents, or tests his programs.  Yet all who know him consider him one of
the best programmers in the world.  Why is this?"
	The Master replies: "That programmer has mastered the Tao.  He has
gone beyond the need for design; he does not become angry when the system
crashes, but accepts the universe without concern.  He has gone beyond the
need for documentation; he no longer cares if anyone else sees his code.  He
has gone beyond the need for testing; each of his programs are perfect within
themselves, serene and elegant, their purpose self-evident.  Truly, he has
entered the mystery of the Tao."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Women's Libbers are OK, I just wouldn't want my sister to marry one.


Climate and Surgery
	R C Gilchrist, who was shot by J Sharp twelve days ago, and who
received a derringer ball in the right breast, and who it was supposed at
the time could not live many hours, was on the street yesterday and the
day before - walking several blocks at a time.  To those who design to be
riddled with bullets or cut to pieces with Bowie-knives, we cordially
recommend our Sacramento climate and Sacramento surgery.
		-- Sacramento Daily Union, September 11, 1861


Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder.


Irrationality is the square root of all evil.
		-- Douglas Hofstadter


Bizoos, n.:
	The millions of tiny individual bumps that make up a
	basketball.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


QOTD:
	"I love your outfit, does it come in your size?"


When you're away, I'm restless, lonely
Wretched, bored, dejected, only
Here's the rub, my darling dear,
I feel the same when you are near.
		-- Samuel Hoffenstein, "Poems in Praise of Practically Nothing"


Maybe if the guy who developed Twinkies hadn't had such a low
opinion of himself they would have been an inch or two longer!


You know you're in trouble when...
1)	Your car horn goes off accidentally and remains stuck as you
		follow a group of Hell's Angels on the freeway.
2)	You want to put on the clothes you wore home from the party
		and there aren't any.
3)	Your boss tells you not to bother to take off your coat.
4)	The bird singing outside your window is a buzzard.
5)	You wake up and your braces are locked together.
6)	Your mother approves of the person you're dating.


Getting into trouble is easy.
		-- D. Winkel and F. Prosser


The eyes of taxes are upon you.


A mother takes twenty years to make a man of her boy,
and another woman makes a fool of him in twenty minutes.
		-- Frost


It has just been discovered that research causes cancer in rats.


Behind every great computer sits a skinny little geek.


WORK:
	The blessed respite from screaming kids and
	soap operas for which you actually get paid.


I couldn't remember when I had been so disappointed.  Except perhaps the
time I found out that M&Ms really DO melt in your hand.
		-- Peter Oakley


The honeymoon is over when he phones to say he'll be late for supper and
she's already left a note that it's in the refrigerator.
		-- Bill Lawrence


Entropy requires no maintenance.
		-- Markoff Chaney


Ma Bell runs a baudy house.


Give your very best today.
Heaven knows it's little enough.


A young boy is told by his puritanical father than he should never have
sex with a woman, because a woman has teeth in her vagina and will bite
off his penis.
	The years go by, and the boy finally marries.  After a rather
uninspiring honeymoon his wife finally confronts him and demands that he
tell her why he won't make love to her.
	"Well, honey," he replies.  "You have... teeth... down there."
	"What!?" she replies unbelievingly.  "No I don't!  Honest, darling,
come here and look for yourself."
	The man rather hesitantly examines her very thoroughly.
	"There!" his wife says triumphantly.  "Now do you believe me?"
	"Yes," replied her husband.  "And your gums are in *terrible*
condition."


Die, v.:
	To stop sinning suddenly.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


Everyone *knows* cats are on a higher level of existence.  These silly humans
are just to big-headed to admit their inferiority.
	Just think what a nicer world this would be if it were controlled by
cats.
	You wouldn't see cats having waste disposal problems.
	They're neat.
	They don't have sexual hangups.  A cat gets horny, it does something
about it.
	They keep reasonable hours.  You *never* see a cat up before noon.
	They know how to relax.  Ever heard of a cat with an ulcer?
	What are the chances of a cat starting a nuclear war?  Pretty negligible.
It's not that they can't, they just know that there are much better things to
do with ones time.  Like lie in the sun and sleep.  Or go exploring the world.


To err is human; to forgive is simply not our policy.
		-- MIT Assassination Club


You will gain money by an immoral action.


Love in your heart wasn't put there to stay.
Love isn't love 'til you give it away.
		-- Oscar Hammerstein II


Don't tell me that worry doesn't do any good.
I know better. The things I worry about don't happen.
		-- Watchman Examiner


The search for the perfect martini is a fraud.  The perfect martini is
a belt of gin from the bottle; anything else is the decadent trappings
of civilization.
		-- T. K.


I shot an arrow in to the air, and it stuck.
		-- graffito in Los Angeles

On a clear day,
U.C.L.A.
		-- graffito in San Francisco

There's so much pollution in the air now that if it weren't for our
lungs there'd be no place to put it all.
		-- Robert Orben


Telephone, n.:
	An invention of the devil which abrogates some of the advantages of
	making a disagreeable person keep his distance.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


If you think the system is working,
ask someone who's waiting for a prompt.


The Golden Rule is of no use to you whatever unless you realize it
is your move.
		-- Frank Crane


Neuroses are red,
	Melancholia's blue.
I'm schizophrenic,
	What are you?


To criticize the incompetent is easy;
it is more difficult to criticize the competent.


Disclaimer: Any resemblance between the above views and those of my
employer, my terminal, or the view out my window are purely
coincidental.  Any resemblance between the above and my own views is
non-deterministic.  The question of the existence of views in the
absence of anyone to hold them is left as an exercise for the reader.
The question of the existence of the reader is left as an exercise for
the second god coefficient.  (A discussion of non-orthogonal,
non-integral polytheism is beyond the scope of this article.)


I put contact lenses in my dog's eyes.  They had little pictures of cats
on them.  Then I took one out and he ran around in circles.
		-- Steven Wright


Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.


Hodie natus est radici frater.


When you die, you lose a very important part of your life.
		-- Brooke Shields


Wasting time is an important part of living.


There is always one thing to remember: writers are always selling
somebody out.
		-- Joan Didion, "Slouching Towards Bethlehem"


Only two groups of people fall for flattery -- men and women.


Learned men are the cisterns of knowledge, not the fountainheads.


New York:
	Where men are men, sheep enjoy it, and lepers laugh their heads off.


Why is the alphabet in that order?  Is it because of that song?
		-- Steven Wright


I had the rare misfortune of being one of the first people to try and
implement a PL/1 compiler.
		-- T. Cheatham


... when fits of creativity run strong, more than one programmer or writer
has been known to abandon the desktop for the more spacious floor.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr.


question = ( to ) ? be : ! be;
		-- William Shakespeare


Before really embarking on a sizeable project, in particular before
starting the large investment of coding, try to kill the project
first.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, EWD1308


Announcing the NEW VAX 11/782!!

Be the envy of other major Communist Governments!

Defend yourself against the entire ICBM force of the imperialist USA with
just one of the processors, at the same time you're designing missile ICs,
cracking secret NATO codes and editing propaganda for your own people all
at the same time with the other! (Well, you really can't, but the Americans
think you can, and that's the point, right?)


I am a deeply superficial person.
		-- Andy Warhol


Peace cannot be kept by force; it
can only be achieved by understanding.
		-- Albert Einstein


To a Real Woman, every ejaculation is premature.


My best argument against discrimination is quite simple:

Does it really matter if the ABC people are inferior to the DEF people if
they can tell one end of a gun from the other?


