Knowledge Engineering:

A combination of:

Engineering, n.:
	The application of science and mathematics by which the properties
of matter and the sources of energy in nature are made useful to man in
structures, machines, products, systems and processes.

and

Knowledge, n.:
	Sexual intercourse.

See also: Prostitution, Grantsmanship.


Staff meeting in the conference room in 3 minutes.


Those who educate children well are more to be honored than
parents, for these only gave life, those the art of living well.
		-- Aristotle


Q:	What's the difference between a cocker spaniel and a doberman
	pinscher humping your leg?
A:	You let the doberman finish.


One man's nightmare is another man's wet dream.


A snake lurks in the grass.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)


QOTD:
	"A university faculty is 500 egotists with a common parking problem."


Intellect annuls Fate.
So far as a man thinks, he is free.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Our sires' age was worse that our grandsires'.
We their sons are more worthless than they:
so in our turn we shall give the world a progeny yet more corrupt.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Two nuns, a mother superior and a new nun, are walking home one night from
church when they are attacked by two vicious rapists.  The two men drag the
nuns off into the bushes and proceed to have their way with them.  The mother
superior is very afraid, but she knows that God will protect her.  To show her
strength and trust in God she yells out "Forgive him Father, for he knows not
what he does!"
	To which the young nun replies "Oooooh, mine does!!"


Never have so many understood so little about so much.
		-- James Burke


If you drink, don't park.  Accidents make people.


"Force is but might," the teacher said--
"That definition's just."
The boy said naught but thought instead,
Remembering his pounded head:
"Force is not might but must!"


We should be glad we're living in the time that we are.  If any of us had been
born into a more enlightened age, I'm sure we would have immediately been taken
out and shot.
		-- Strange de Jim


Wok, n.:
	Something to thwow at a wabbit.


Tis man's perdition to be safe, when for the truth he ought to die.


Today is the first day of the rest of your life.


The flow chart is a most thoroughly oversold piece of program documentation.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


Next, upon a stool, we've a sight to make you drool.
Seven virgins and a mule, keep it cool, keep it cool.
		-- ELP, "Karn Evil 9" (1st Impression, Part 2)


A sequel is an admission that you've been reduced to imitating yourself.
		-- Don Marquis


Give me a fish and I will eat today.
Teach me to fish and I will eat forever.


The marriage of Marxism and feminism has been like the marriage of
husband and wife depicted in English common law: Marxism and feminism
are one, and that one is Marxism.
		-- Heidi Hartmann,
		   "The Unhappy Marriage of Marxism and Feminism"


Harry came into work on Monday feeling absolutely fine, and so was astonished
when his secretary urged him to lie down on the sofa; even more so when his
boss took one look at him and ordered him to take the day, if not the week,
off.  Even his poker buddies wouldn't have anything to do with him, insisting
that he go straight to bed.  Finally, tired of resisting everyone's advice,
he went to see his doctor, who took one look at him and rushed over with
a stretcher.
	"But doctor," he protested, "I feel fine."
Well, this was a puzzler, conceded the doctor, who proceeded to refer to the
enormous reference tomes behind his desk, muttering to himself.
	"Looks good, feels good...  No, you look like hell.  Looks good,
feels terrible...  Nah, you feel fine, right?"
Thumbing furiously through another volume, he said,
	"Looks terrible, feels terrible...  Nope, that won't do it either."
Finally, "Looks terrible, feels terrific... Aha!!  You're a vagina!"


Little girls, like butterflies, need no excuse.
		-- Lazarus Long


Living in Hollywood is like living in a bowl of granola.  What ain't
fruits and nuts is flakes.


She was wearing a very tight skirt, and when she tried to board the Fifth
Avenue bus she found she couldn't lift her leg.  She reached back and
unzipped her zipper.  It didn't seem to do any good, so she reached back
and unzipped it again.  Suddenly the man behind her lifted her up and put
her on the top step.
	"How dare you?" she demanded.
	"Well, lady," he said, "by the time you unzipped my fly for the
second time I thought we'd become good friends."


Speed upon county roads will be limited to ten miles an hour unless the
motorist sees a bailiff who does not appear to have had a drink in 30 days,
when the driver will be permitted to make what he can.
		-- Proposed legislation, Illinois State Legislature, May, 1907


To create quality software, the ability to say no is usually far
more important than the ability to say yes.
		-- Michi Henning


Court, n.:
	A place where they dispense with justice.
		-- Arthur Train


An idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it.


Let the worthy citizens of Chicago get their liquor the best way
they can. I'm sick of the job.  It's a thankless one and full of grief.
		-- Al Capone


Computerfirm nymphomaniac, n.:
	Hot Apple pie.


Man who keep money in jockstrap has financial matters all balled up.


Lawful Dungeon Master -- and they're MY laws!


Reality is just a crutch for people who can't handle science fiction.


The only person who always got his work done by Friday was Robinson Crusoe.


It is no wonder that people are so horrible when they start life as children.
		-- Kingsley Amis


It happened long ago
In the new magic land
The Indians and the buffalo
Existed hand in hand
The Indians needed food
They need skins for a roof
The only took what they needed
And the buffalo ran loose
But then came the white man
With his thick and empty head
He couldn't see past his billfold
He wanted all the buffalo dead
It was sad, oh so sad.
		-- Ted Nugent, "The Great White Buffalo"


I see the eigenvalue in thine eye,
I hear the tender tensor in thy sigh.
Bernoulli would have been content to die
Had he but known such _a-squared cos 2(phi)!
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


No one born with a mouth and a need is "innocent".
		-- Greg Bear


PROMOTION FROM WITHIN:
	A system of moving incompetents up to the policy-making
	level where they can't foul up operations.


FORTRAN rots the brain.
		-- John McQuillin


After all, it is only the mediocre who are always at their best.
		-- Jean Giraudoux


I am America's child, a spastic slogging on demented
limbs drooling I'll trade my PhD for a telephone voice.
		-- Burt Lanier Safford III, "An Obscured Radiance"


The honeymoon is not actually over until we cease
to stifle our sighs and begin to stifle our yawns.
		-- Helen Rowland


While it may be true that a watched pot never boils, the one you don't
keep an eye on can make an awful mess of your stove.
		-- Edward Stevenson


Expansion means complexity; and complexity decay.


He could be a poster child for retroactive birth control.


Freedom is slavery.
Ignorance is strength.
War is peace.
		-- George Orwell


After an instrument has been assembled,
extra components will be found on the bench.


Christmas comes but once a year,
A time for love and laughter;
You can come much more than that,
But you have to clean up after.


Paster Crosstalk:	What items are specifically mentioned by GOD as being
	unclean?  Now did you know... preying birds... praying mantises...
	All birds of prey, all carrion eaters, fish eaters -- no good, can't
	eat those.  Nothing that does not have both fins and scales.  Most
	CREEPING things...
Alvarado:	How 'bout caterpillars?
P:	A caterpillar doesn't have a backbone.  Nothing without a backbone
	can get in.
A:	How do you know?  You char a caterpillar, it gets real stiff!
P:	Well, I don't think that the Lord meant us to eat CHARRED
	CATERPILLARS!
[...]
P:	The hog, the squirrel... little squirrels.  Who would want to eat
	a LITTLE SQUIRREL?
A:	If you're starving.  If you're starving in the park one day.
P:	You'd probably just CHAR 'em to get 'em stiff, wouldn't ya?
A:	No, you SINGE 'em.  You SINGE 'em and eat 'em.  *I* read about the
	Donner Pass, I know what man does when he's hungry.
P:	Squirrels eating squirrels -- my GOD, that's sick!
A:	That's sick, SURE.  But a MAN eating a squirrel -- that's (heh, heh)
	par for the course, Charlie.
		-- The Firesign Theatre


	At his sentencing, Herbie Sperling proved that he was the all-time
stand-up guy.
	Sperling's lawyer made a lengthy, impassioned plea for his client.
He talked of mercy, justice, humanity to fellow men who have chosen the wrong
path.  Yes, the crimes were serious, yes, Mr. Sperling deserves a prison
sentence, but the maximum sentence was not warranted.
	Then the judge turned to Sperling.  "Mr. Sperling, is there anything
you wish to say?"
	"Yes, Your Honor.  If you think I'm going to beg for mercy, you've
got another think coming.  You're all a bunch of fucking fascist cocksuckers,
you can all go to hell, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you..."
		-- Gregory Wallace, "Papa's Game"


To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


Women complain about sex more than men.  Their gripes fall into two
categories: (1) Not enough and (2) Too much.
		-- Ann Landers


The worst thing one can do is not to try, to be aware of what one
wants and not give in to it, to spend years in silent hurt wondering
if something could have materialized -- and never knowing.
		-- David Viscott


You are a bundle of energy, always on the go.


Do you know the difference between education and experience?  Education
is when you read the fine print; experience is what you get when you don't.
		-- Pete Seeger


Proof techniques #1: Proof by Induction.

This technique is used on equations with 'n' in them.  Induction
techniques are very popular, even the military use them.

SAMPLE:  Proof of induction without proof of induction.

	We know it's true for n equal to 1.  Now assume that it's true
for every natural number less than n.  N is arbitrary, so we can take n
as large as we want.  If n is sufficiently large, the case of n+1 is
trivially equivalent, so the only important n are n less than n.  We can
take n = n (from above), so it's true for n+1 because it's just about n.
	QED.	(QED translates from the Latin as "So what?")


Some don't prefer the pursuit of happiness to the happiness of pursuit.


Yeah, there are more important things in life than money,
but they won't go out with you if you don't have any.


X windows:
	The ultimate bottleneck.
	Flawed beyond belief.
	The only thing you have to fear.
	Somewhere between chaos and insanity.
	On autopilot to oblivion.
	The joke that kills.
	A disgrace you can be proud of.
	A mistake carried out to perfection.
	Belongs more to the problem set than the solution set.
	To err is X windows.
	Ignorance is our most important resource.
	Complex nonsolutions to simple nonproblems.
	Built to fall apart.
	Nullifying centuries of progress.
	Falling to new depths of inefficiency.
	The last thing you need.
	The de facto substandard.

Elevating brain damage to an art form.
	X windows.


Trust your husband, adore your husband,
and get as much as you can in your own name.
		-- Joan Rivers


Distributed Systems people do it loosely coupled.


I base my fashion taste on what doesn't itch.
		-- Gilda Radner


There is very little future in being right when your boss is wrong.


Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired
signifies in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not
fed, those who are cold and are not clothed.  This world in arms is not
spending money alone.  It is spending the sweat of its laborers, the
genius of its scientists, the hopes of its children.  This is not a way
of life at all in any true sense.  Under the clouds of war, it is
humanity hanging on a cross of iron.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower, April 16, 1953


The wages of sin are high -- unless you know someone who does it for nothing.


Any stone in your boot always migrates against the pressure gradient to
exactly the point of most pressure.
		-- Milt Barber


Overflow on /dev/null: please empty the bit bucket.


Five people -- an Englishman, Russian, American, Frenchman and Irishman
were each asked to write a book on elephants.  Some amount of time later they
had all completed their respective books.  The Englishman's book was entitled
"The Elephant -- How to Collect Them", the Russian's "The Elephant -- Vol. I",
the American's "The Elephant -- How to Make Money from Them", the Frenchman's
"The Elephant -- Its Mating Habits" and the Irishman's "The Elephant and
Irish Political History".


Only two kinds of witnesses exist.  The first live in a neighborhood where
a crime has been committed and in no circumstances have ever seen anything
or even heard a shot.  The second category are the neighbors of anyone who
happens to be accused of the crime.  These have always looked out of their
windows when the shot was fired, and have noticed the accused person standing
peacefully on his balcony a few yards away.
		-- Sicilian police officer


We are not a clone.


The world is coming to an end.  Please log off.


I would gladly raise my voice in praise of women,
only they won't let me raise my voice.
		-- Winkle


Falling in love is a lot like dying.
You never get to do it enough to become good at it.


I don't know anything about music.  In my line you don't have to.
		-- Elvis Presley


Darth Vader sleeps with a Teddywookie.


Nature makes boys and girls lovely to look upon so they can be
tolerated until they acquire some sense.
		-- William Phelps


You can get *anywhere* in ten minutes if you drive fast enough.


I was in accord with the system so long as it
permitted me to function effectively.
		-- Albert Speer


ASS:
	The masculine of "lass".


Harriet's Dining Observation:
	In every restaurant, the hardness of the butter pats
	increases in direct proportion to the softness of the bread.


Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
		-- George Santayana


Potahto' Pictures Productions Presents:

	THE TATERNATOR: Cyborg spud returns from the future to present-day
McDonald's restaurant to kill the potatoes (girl 'tater) who will give birth
to the world's largest french fry (The Dark Powers of Burger King are clearly
behind this).  Most quotable line: "Ah'll be baked..."

	A FISTFUL OF FRIES: Western in which our hero, The Spud with No Name,
rides into a town that's deprived of carbohydrates thanks to the evil takeover
of the low-cal Scallopinni Brothers.  Plenty of smokeouts, fry-em-ups, and
general butter-melting by all.

	FOR A FEW FRIES MORE: Takes up where AFOF left off!  Cameo by Walter
Cronkite, as every man's common 'tater!


QOTD:
	"It's been Monday all week today."


Virtue is its own punishment.
		-- Denniston

Righteous people terrify me ... virtue is its own punishment.
		-- Aneurin Bevan


Look out for yourself -- or they'll pee on your grave.
		-- Louis B. Mayer

The reason so many people showed up at Louis B. Mayer's funeral
was because they wanted to make sure he was dead.
		-- Samuel Goldwyn


All men know the utility of useful things;
but they do not know the utility of futility.
		-- Chuang Tzu


It follows that any commander in chief who undertakes to carry out a plan
which he considers defective is at fault; he must put forth his reasons,
insist of the plan being changed, and finally tender his resignation rather
than be the instrument of his army's downfall.
		-- Napoleon, "Military Maxims and Thought"


Hard work may not kill you, but why take the chance?


Where am I?  Who am I?  Am I?  I


You can get *anywhere* in ten minutes if you drive fast enough.


* * * * * THIS TERMINAL IS IN USE * * * * *


FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #5

A:	The Halls of Montezuma and the Shores of Tripoli.
Q:	Name two families whose kids won't join the Marines.


If puns were deli meat, this would be the wurst.


Hear about...
	the drunken midget who walked into a home for girls and kissed
	everybody in the joint?


The bedsprings next door jounce and creak:
They have kept me awake for a week.
	Why do newlyweds
	Select squeaky beds
To develop their fucking technique?


"Get a load of that chick!"	"Dude -- you gotta ask her out."
"Weellll, I dunno..."		"Look.  The worst she can say, is 'No'!"
"Hey!  You're right!"		"I'm always right!"
"The worst she can say... is 'No'!"

"Idunnoifyou'vebeennoticingmebutI'vebeennoticingyouandIwaswonderingif
you'd like to go out with me!"

Oh my god you little Geek!
Get away before I freak!		You ugly, stupid, zitfaced scum,
I'm a babe and you are not.		You asked me out; you MUST be dumb.
You can't handle what I've got!		Well you can beg until you're blue,
I'm too hot, too hot for you..		But you're not even fit to lick my shoe.
					I'm too hot, too hot for you.
Ha ha ha!  Don't make me laugh!
I want a whole man, not a half.		I've got a bitchin' bod and a killer
You wet your pants, I'm so sure.		face,
Too bad wimp-itis has no cure.		I'm god's gift to the male race.
I'm too hot, too hot for you.		I'm the queen of babes supreme,
					But you'll only see me in you dreams.
"Well?  What'd she say??"		I'm too hot, too hot for you.
"Well, she didn't say no..."
		-- Barry and the Bookbinders, "The Worst She Can Say is No"


The Almighty in His infinite wisdom did not see
fit to create Frenchmen in the image of Englishmen.
		-- Winston Churchill, 1942


Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want, and
deserve to get it good and hard.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Little Book in C major", 1916


HOW YOU CAN TELL THAT IT'S GOING TO BE A ROTTEN DAY:
	#1040 Your income tax refund cheque bounces.


Old Grandad is dead but his spirits live on.


XLI:
	The more one produces, the less one gets.
XLII:
	Simple systems are not feasible because they require infinite testing.
XLIII:
	Hardware works best when it matters the least.
XLIV:
	Aircraft flight in the 21st century will always be in a westerly
	direction, preferably supersonic, crossing time zones to provide the
	additional hours needed to fix the broken electronics.
XLV:
	One should expect that the expected can be prevented, but the
	unexpected should have been expected.
XLVI:
	A billion saved is a billion earned.
		-- Norman Augustine


UNIX enhancements aren't.


Mix's Law:
	There is nothing more permanent than a temporary building.
	There is nothing more permanent than a temporary tax.


Everything is worth precisely as much as a belch, the difference being
that a belch is more satisfying.
		-- Ingmar Bergman


I have a funny daddy
Who goes in and out with me
And everything that baby does
Daddy's sure to see,
And everything that baby says,
My daddy's sure to tell.
You _m_u_s_t have read my daddy's verse.
I hope he fries in Hell.
		-- Ogden Nash


	"What do you do when your real life exceeds your wildest
fantasies?"
	"You keep it to yourself."
		-- Broadcast News


Draft beer, not people


	THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #2: RENE

Named after the famous French philosopher and mathematician Rene
Descartes, RENE is a language used for artificial intelligence.  The
language is being developed at the Chicago Center of Machine Politics
and Programming under a grant from the Jane Byrne Victory Fund.  A
spokesman described the language as "Just as great as dis [sic] city of
ours."

The center is very pleased with progress to date.  They say they have
almost succeeded in getting a VAX to think. However, sources inside the
organization say that each time the machine fails to think it ceases to
exist.


He was not only a great swordsman, but also a cunning linguist.


