To the landlord belongs the doorknobs.


I have more hit points that you can possible imagine.


YO-YO:
	Something that is occasionally up but normally down.
	(see also Computer).


Assembly language experience is [important] for the maturity
and understanding of how computers work that it provides.
		-- D. Gries


The problem with most conspiracy theories is that they seem to believe that
for a group of people to behave in a way detrimental to the common good
requires intent.


To understand a program you must become both the machine and the program.


When you find yourself in danger,
When you're threatened by a stranger,
When it looks like you will take a lickin'...

There is one thing you should learn,
When there is no one else to turn to,
	Caaaall for Super Chicken!!  (**bwuck-bwuck-bwuck-bwuck**)
	Caaaall for Super Chicken!!


Put a rogue in the limelight and he will act like an honest man.
		-- Napoleon Bonaparte, "Maxims"


Your lover will never wish to leave you.


Yevtushenko has... an ego that can crack crystal at a distance of twenty
feet.
		-- John Cheever


Can't open /usr/share/games/fortune/fortunes.dat.


If you cannot in the long run tell everyone
what you have been doing, your doing was worthless.
		-- Edwin Schrodinger


Cunnilingus is next to godliness.


If the English language made any sense, lackadaisical
would have something to do with a shortage of flowers.
		-- Doug Larson

[Not to mention, butterfly would be flutterby. Ed.]


Illinois isn't exactly the land that God forgot:
it's more like the land He's trying to ignore.


Todays title:
	Creative Violence in Sexual Relationships


God made the world in six days, and was arrested on the seventh.


You've been Berkeley'ed!


In order to live free and happily, you must sacrifice boredom.
It is not always an easy sacrifice.


If little green men land in your back yard, hide any little green women
you've got in the house.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Much of the excitement we get out of our work
is that we don't really know what we are doing.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


There is nothing wrong with screwing everyone in sight.
Boring your friends about it is the sin.
		-- Mama Liz


Brain fried -- core dumped


"Necessity is the mother of invention" is a silly proverb.  "Necessity
is the mother of futile dodges" is much nearer the truth.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead


WASP, n.:
	Someone who gets out of the shower to take a piss.


A pickup with three guys in it pulls into the lumber yard.  One of the men
gets out and goes into the office.
	"I need some four-by-two's," he says.
	"You must mean two-by-four's" replies the clerk.
	The man scratches his head.  "Wait a minute," he says, "I'll go
check."
	Back, after an animated conversation with the other occupants of the
truck, he reassures the clerk, that, yes, in fact, two-by-fours would be
acceptable.
	"OK," says the clerk, writing it down, "how long you want 'em?"
	The guy gets the blank look again.  "Uh... I guess I better go
check," he says.
	He goes back out to the truck, and there's another animated
conversation.  The guy comes back into the office.  "A long time," he says,
"we're building a house".


Classical music is the kind we keep thinking will turn into a tune.
		-- Kin Hubbard, "Abe Martin's Sayings"


If love is the answer, could you rephrase the question?
		-- Lily Tomlin


Dear Miss Manners:
Please list some tactful ways of removing a man's saliva from your face.

Gentle Reader:
Please list some decent ways of acquiring a man's saliva on your face.
If the gentleman sprayed you inadvertently to accompany enthusiastic
discourse, you may step back two paces, bring out your handkerchief,
and go through the motions of wiping your nose, while trailing the cloth
along your face to pick up whatever needs mopping along the route.  If,
however, the substance was acquired as a result of enthusiasm of a more
intimate nature, you may delicately retrieve it with a flick of your
pink tongue.


We are all agreed that your theory is crazy.  The question which divides us is
whether it is crazy enough to have a chance of being correct.  My own feeling
is that it is not crazy enough.
		-- Niels Bohr


The questions remain the same.
The answers are eternally variable.


When the usher noticed a man stretched across three seats in a movie theatre,
he walked over and whispered, "I'm sorry, sir, but you're allowed only a single
seat." The man moaned, but did not budge.  "Sir," the user said more loudly,
"if you don't move, I'll have to call a manager."  The man moaned again but
stayed where he was. The usher left, and returned with the manager, who, after
several more attempts at dislodging the fellow, called the police.
	The cop took a look at the reclining man and said, "All right, boyo,
what's your name?"
	"Samuel," he mumbled.
	"And where're you from, Sam?"
	"The balcony."


Why does man kill?  He kills for food.
And not only food: frequently there must be a beverage.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


Events are not affected, they develop.
		-- Sri Aurobindo


When my brain begins to reel from my
literary labors, I make an occasional cheese dip.
		-- Ignatius Reilly


Little Miss Muffet, sat on a tuffet,
Eating her curds and whey.
Along came a spider,
Who sat down beside her,
And said, "Hey, what's in the bowl, bitch?"
		-- Andrew "Dice" Clay


The man who sees, on New Year's day, Mount
Fuji, a hawk, and an eggplant is forever blessed.
		-- Old Japanese proverb


SNAPPY REPARTEE:
	What you'd say if you had another chance.


The anger of a woman is the greatest evil
with which you can threaten your enemies.
		-- Bonnard


When I was little, I went into a pet shop and they asked how big I'd get.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


LOVE:
	When you don't want someone too close--
	because you're very sensitive to pleasure.


Premature ejaculator, n.:
	Troubled shooter.


Mathematicians take it to the limit.


GARTER:
	An elastic band intended to keep a woman
	from coming out of her stockings and desolating the country.


This is not the age of pamphleteers. It is the age of the engineers.  The
spark-gap is mightier than the pen.  Democracy will not be salvaged by men
who talk fluently, debate forcefully and quote aptly.
		-- Lancelot Hogben, Science for the Citizen, 1938


FEAR:
	What you feel when you see a U-Haul with Texas license plates.


Life is like a simile.


Haste makes waste.
		-- John Heywood


You will pioneer the first Martian colony.


A narcissist is someone better looking than you are.
		-- Gore Vidal


People think love is an emotion.  Love is good sense.
		-- Ken Kesey


Revenge is a form of nostalgia.


If God lived on Earth, people would knock out all His windows.
		-- Yiddish saying


	Old Barlow was a crossing-tender at a junction where an express train
demolished an automobile and its occupants. Being the chief witness, his
testimony was vitally important. Barlow explained that the night was dark,
and he waved his lantern frantically, but the driver of the car paid
no attention to the signal.
	The railroad company won the case, and the president of the company
complimented the old-timer for his story. "You did wonderfully," he said,
"I was afraid you would waver under testimony."
	"No sir," exclaimed the senior, "but I sure was afraid that durned
lawyer was gonna ask me if my lantern was lit."


Welcome to Fortune Blackmail!!
	This is the first of a series of revelations which could
	add up to a divorce, premature retirement and possible
	criminal proceedings for a company vice-president in Langley Virginia.
	So, Mr. S*****, $10,000 please to stop us from revealing:
		1: Whose shoulders you were sitting on.
		2: What you were doing.
		3: The names of the three people involved.
		4: The youth organization to which they belonged.
		5: The shop where you bought the equipment.


Half Moon tonight.  (At least it is better than no Moon at all.)


The man who raises a fist has run out of ideas.
		-- H. G. Wells, "Time After Time"


Lemmings don't grow older, they just die.


SOMETIMES THE BEAUTY OF THE WORLD is so overwhelming, I just want to throw
back my head and gargle. Just gargle and gargle and I don't care who hears
me because I am beautiful.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


	One PAYDAY, MR. GOODBAR wanted a BIT O' HONEY.  So he took his Miss
HERSHEY behind the POWERHOUSE on the corner of 5th AVENUE and CLARK where he
there began to feel her MOUNDS.  And that was an ALMOND JOY which definitely
made his TOOTSIE ROLL.
	He let out a SNICKER as he slipped his BUTTERFINGER up her KIT KAT
which of course caused the MILKY WAY.  She screamed "OH, HENRY!" as she
squeezed his PETER, PAUL and ZAGNUTS and said "you're better then the 3
MUSKETEERS."
		-- John Volby (Dr. Dirty), "The Candy Bar Poem"


Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient.
Don't believe a thing he tells you.


Please stand for the National Anthem:

	Australian's all, let us rejoice,
	For we are young and free.
	We've golden soil and wealth for toil
	Our home is girt by sea.
	Our land abounds in nature's gifts
	Of beauty rich and rare.
	In history's page, let every stage
	Advance Australia Fair.
	In joyful strains then let us sing,
	Advance Australia Fair.

Thank you.  You may resume your seat.


If a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far.
		-- Paul White


Love is sentimental measles.


I put contact lenses in my dog's eyes.  They had little pictures of cats
on them.  Then I took one out and he ran around in circles.
		-- Steven Wright


Showerbath: Natural venue for sexual adventures -- wash together, make love
together: only convenient overhead point in most apartments or hotel rooms
to attach a partner's hands.  Don't pull down the fixture, however -- it
isn't weightbearing.  See Discipline.
		-- The Joy of Sex


Voiceless it cries,
Wingless flutters,
Toothless bites,
Mouthless mutters.
What am I?


SCORPIO (Oct.24 - Nov.21)
	You will receive word today that you are eligible to win a million
	dollars in prizes.  It will be from a magazine trying to get you to
	subscribe, and you're just dumb enough to think you've got a chance
	to win.  You never learn.


The more things change, the more they'll never be the same again.


Never be led astray onto the path of virtue.


A liberal is a person whose interests aren't at stake at the moment.
		-- Willis Player


When we write programs that "learn",
it turns out we do and they don't.


Have you flogged your kid today?


If you can lead it to water and force it to drink, it isn't a horse.


355/113 --
	Not the famous irrational number PI, but an incredible simulation.


	A Mexican and a Texan worked together for a construction firm, and,
while they were good friends, they had a friendly rivalry over whose wife
was the better cook.  One weekend, as the Texan's wife was out of town, the
Mexican invited the Texan to have supper with his family.
	The Texan accepted, and that evening sat down to some the best stew
that he had ever eaten.
	"Damn!  That stew is fantastic!" he exclaimed to his host.  "What
kind of meat is it?"
	"Rabbeet stew," replied the Mexican.
	"Rabbit?" replied the Texan. "There aren't any rabbits around here."
	"Si, my freend, the rabbeets make the beeg noise, and I shoot theem."
	"Rabbits don't make any noise..."
	"Si, my freend, they say meeyow, meeyow!"


Does a good farmer neglect a crop he has planted?
Does a good teacher overlook even the most humble student?
Does a good father allow a single child to starve?
Does a good programmer refuse to maintain his code?
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Women's Libbers are OK.  I just wouldn't want my sister to marry one.


Prunes give you a run for your money.


In childhood a woman must be subject to her father; in youth to her
husband; when her husband is dead, to her sons.  A woman must never
be free of subjugation.
		-- The Hindu Code of Manu


Before I knew the best part of my life had come, it had gone.


SDW/M, 35, offers French lessons for ladies.
If you desire fluency in the French tongue,
this cunning linguist can lick your problem.

Fortune -- P.O. Box 478


It's easy to forgive someone for being wrong;
it's much harder to forgive them for being right.


Terence, this is stupid stuff:
You eat your victuals fast enough;
There can't be much amiss, 'tis clear,
To see the rate you drink your beer.
But oh, good Lord, the verse you make,
It gives a chap the belly-ache.
The cow, the old cow, she is dead;
It sleeps well the horned head:
We poor lads, 'tis our turn now
To hear such tunes as killed the cow.
Pretty friendship 'tis to rhyme
Your friends to death before their time.
Moping, melancholy mad:
Come, pipe a tune to dance to, lad.
		-- A. E. Housman


A snake lurks in the grass.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)


Why not? -- What? -- Why not? -- Why should I not send it? -- Why should I
not dispatch it? -- Why not? -- Strange!  I don't know why I shouldn't --
Well, then -- You will do me this favor. -- Why not? -- Why should you not
do it? -- Why not? -- Strange!  I shall do the same for you, when you want
me to.  Why not?  Why should I not do it for you?  Strange!  Why not? --
I can't think why not.
		-- Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, from a letter to his cousin Maria,
		   "The Definitive Biography of PDQ Bach", Peter Schickele


Reality always seems harsher in the early morning.


Women come and go, but BSD is forever.
		-- Derek Young


All the men on my staff can type.
		-- Bella Abzug


A sinking ship gathers no moss.
		-- Donald Kaul


Space: the final frontier.  These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise.
Its five-year mission: to explore strange new worlds; to seek out new life
and new civilizations; to boldly go where no man has gone before.
		-- Captain James T. Kirk


Faith has never moved as much as a pin-head from the place it
ought to be according to tradition and the scriptures.  It is
the doubt that moved all the mountains.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Whatever became of eternal truth?


I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person.


I am an optimist.  It does not seem too much use being anything else.
		-- Winston Churchill


Q:	What's the difference between Los Angeles and yogurt?
A:	Yogurt has a living, active culture.


Never trust anyone who says money is no object.


Man who dance in crowded ballroom
dance cheek to cheek with woman behind him.


A great empire, like a great cake, is most easily diminished at the edges.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Operator, please trace this call and tell me where I am.


I didn't know it was impossible when I did it.


Eternity, n.:
	The length of time between when you come and he leaves.


About all some men accomplish in life is to send a son to Harvard.


Economists can certainly disappoint you.  One said that the economy would
turn up by the last quarter.  Well, I'm down to mine and it hasn't.
		-- Robert Orben


Time will end all my troubles,
but I don't always approve of Time's methods.


The propriety of some persons seems to consist in having improper
thoughts about their neighbours.
		-- F. H. Bradley


The penis mightier than the sword.


It happened long ago
In the new magic land
The Indians and the buffalo
Existed hand in hand
The Indians needed food
They need skins for a roof
The only took what they needed
And the buffalo ran loose
But then came the white man
With his thick and empty head
He couldn't see past his billfold
He wanted all the buffalo dead
It was sad, oh so sad.
		-- Ted Nugent, "The Great White Buffalo"


God made everything out of nothing, but the nothingness shows through.
		-- Paul Valery


Did you hear about the new German microwave oven?
		... Seats 500.


Anyone can say "no." It is the first word a child learns and often the
first word he speaks. It is a cheap word because it requires no
explanation, and many men and women have acquired a reputation for
intelligence who know only this word and have used it in place of
thought on every occasion.
		-- Chuck Jones (Warner Bros. animation director.)


Said the attractive, cigar-smoking housewife to her girl-friend: "I
got started one night when George came home and found one burning in
the ashtray."


It did not occur to me that my being with two men continuously would
interest anyone or arouse anyone's misgivings. I asked for an invitation
for Heinrich too, as often as it seemed possible, when Paulus and I were
invited to a social gathering. I felt the set of rules others lived by
was irrelevant. My childhood attitude -- every attempt to adjust is
hopeless and you might just as well follow your own attitudes -- must have
carried me.
		-- Hannah Tillich, "From Time to Time"


Aquadextrous, adj.:
	Possessing the ability to turn the bathtub
	faucet on and off with your toes.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


When the ax entered the forest, the trees said, "The handle is one of us!"
		-- Turkish proverb


The adjuration to be "normal" seems shockingly repellent to me; I see neither
hope nor comfort in sinking to that low level.  I think it is ignorance that
makes people think of abnormality only with horror and allows them to remain
undismayed at the proximity of "normal" to average and mediocre.  For surely
anyone who achieves anything is, essentially, abnormal.
		-- Dr. Karl Menninger, "The Human Mind", 1930


The revolution will not be televised.


Where humor is concerned there are no standards -- no one can say what
is good or bad, although you can be sure that everyone will.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


Every man thinks God is on his side.  The rich
and powerful know that he is.
		-- Jean Anouilh, "The Lark"


Stay together, drag each other down.


Being a woman is a terribly difficult trade,
since it consists principally of dealings with men.
		-- Conrad


The devil finds work for idle circuits to do.


Beware of mathematicians and all those who make empty prophecies.  The
danger already exists that the mathematicians have made covenant with
the devil to darken the spirit and to confine man in the bonds of hell.
		-- St. Augustine


The requirements of romantic love are difficult to satisfy in the trunk
of a Dodge Dart.
		-- Lisa Alther


The husband wired home that he had been able to wind up his business trip a
day early and would be home on Thursday.  When he walked into his apartment,
however, he found his wife in bed with another man.  Furious, he picked up his
bag and stormed out.  He met his mother-in-law on the street, told her what
had happened and announced that he was filing for divorce in the morning.
	"Give my daughter a chance to explain before you take any action,"
the older woman pleaded.  Reluctantly, he agreed.
	An hour later his mother-in-law phoned the husband at his club.
"I knew my daughter would have an explanation," she said, a note of triumph
in her voice.  "She didn't receive your telegram!"


Ray's Rule of Precision:
	Measure with a micrometer.  Mark with chalk.  Cut with an axe.


Pickle's Law:
	If Congress must do a painful thing,
	the thing must be done in an odd-number year.


How can you govern a nation which has 246 kinds of cheese?
		-- Charles de Gaulle


The most exquisite peak in culinary art is conquered when you do right by a
ham, for a ham, in the very nature of the process it has undergone since last
it walked on its own feet, combines in its flavor the tang of smoky autumnal
woods, the maternal softness of earthy fields delivered of their crop children,
the wineyness of a late sun, the intimate kiss of fertilizing rain, and the
bite of fire.  You must slice it thin, almost as thin as this page you hold
in your hands.  The making of a ham dinner, like the making of a gentleman,
starts a long, long time before the event.
		-- W. B. Courtney, "Reflections of Maryland Country Ham",
		   from "Congress Eate It Up"


Mickey Mouse wears a Spiro Agnew watch.


By trying we can easily learn to endure adversity.
Another man's, I mean.
		-- Mark Twain


A log may float in a river, but that does not make it a crocodile.


I couldn't possibly fail to disagree with you less.


It's not enough to be Hungarian; you must have talent too.
		-- Alexander Korda


Copa-ulation:
(to the tune of Copacabana)

Her name was Lola, she was a bimbo, with yellow streamers in her hair,
She wore see-through underwear, she'd go to discos, and do the go-go,
And while she tried to be star, Tony jacked off on the bar,
And when the dance was done, his hand was full of come,
His favorite drink is cream in coffee,
Won't you order one?

At the Copa, Copa-ulation ...

Her name was Lola, she was a show-girl,
But that was thirty years ago, when she still could slurp and blow,
Now she's a sado, but not for Tony, still in her chains and leather gown,
She ties Rico to the ground, and fucks that boy half-blind,
But Rico, he don't mind, there are whips and a lot of beatings,
But a real good time ...


Mother is far too clever to understand anything she does not like.
		-- Arnold Bennett


Old age is the harbor of all ills.
		-- Bion


	On the other hand, the TCP camp also has a phrase for OSI people.
There are lots of phrases.  My favorite is `nitwit' -- and the rationale
is the Internet philosophy has always been you have extremely bright,
non-partisan researchers look at a topic, do world-class research, do
several competing implementations, have a bake-off, determine what works
best, write it down and make that the standard.
	The OSI view is entirely opposite.  You take written contributions
from a much larger community, you put the contributions in a room of
committee people with, quite honestly, vast political differences and all
with their own political axes to grind, and four years later you get
something out, usually without it ever having been implemented once.
	So the Internet perspective is implement it, make it work well,
then write it down, whereas the OSI perspective is to agree on it, write
it down, circulate it a lot and now we'll see if anyone can implement it
after it's an international standard and every vendor in the world is
committed to it.  One of those processes is backwards, and I don't think
it takes a Lucasian professor of physics at Oxford to figure out which.
		-- Marshall Rose, "The Pied Piper of OSI"


APL hackers do it in the quad.


Always leave room to add an explanation if it doesn't work out.


The sheep died in the wool.


Friends, Romans, Hipsters,
Let me clue you in;
I come to put down Caesar, not to groove him.
The square kicks some cats are on stay with them;
The hip bits, like, go down under; so let it lay with Caesar.  The cool Brutus
Gave you the message: Caesar had big eyes;
If that's the sound, someone's copping a plea,
And, like, old Caesar really set them straight.
Here, copacetic with Brutus and the studs, -- for Brutus is a real cool cat;
So are they all, all cool cats, --
Come I to make this gig at Caesar's laying down.


MAIDEN AUNT:
	A girl who never had the sense to say "uncle."


An effective way to deal with predators is to taste terrible.


Of course power tools and alcohol don't mix.  Everyone knows power
tools aren't soluble in alcohol...
		-- Crazy Nigel


All hope abandon, ye who enter here!
		-- Dante Alighieri


Aleph-null bottles of beer on the wall,
Aleph-null bottles of beer,
	You take one down, and pass it around,
Aleph-null bottles of beer on the wall.


Preudhomme's Law of Window Cleaning:
	It's on the other side.


He who laughs has not yet heard the bad news.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


But they'll never mechanize me -- not me!
Said Charlotte, the Louisville harlot.
		-- S.I. Hayakawa


If you think sex is a pain in the ass, try a different position.


Your program is sick!  Shoot it and put it out of its memory.


