f u cn rd ths, u r prbbly a lsy spllr.


Ethnologists up with the Sioux
Wired home for two punts, one canoe.
	The answer next day,
	Said, "Girls on the way,
But what the hell's a `panoe'?"


Finagle's Creed:
	Science is true.  Don't be misled by facts.


Death is a spirit leaving a body, sort
of like a shell leaving the nut behind.
		-- Erma Bombeck


San Francisco has always been my favorite booing city.  I don't mean the
people boo louder or longer, but there is a very special intimacy.  When
they boo you, you know they mean *you*.  Music, that's what it is to me.
One time in Kezar Stadium they gave me a standing boo.
		-- George Halas, professional football coach


It was a brave man that ate the first oyster.


If you are good, you will be assigned all the work.  If you are real
good, you will get out of it.


Courtship to marriage, as a very witty prologue to a very dull play.
		-- William Congreve


Elliptic paraboloids for sale.


Fifth Law of Procrastination:
	Procrastination avoids boredom; one never has the feeling that
there is nothing important to do.


Everything ends badly.  Otherwise it wouldn't end.


Callgirl, n.:
	A negotiable blond.


Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company.
		-- Mark Twain


You tread upon my patience.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


Accordion, n.:
	A bagpipe with pleats.


He who is known as an early riser need not get up until noon.


We don't care.  We don't have to.  We're the Phone Company.


Seleznick's Theory of Holistic Medicine:
	Ice Cream cures all ills.  Temporarily.


Patience is long forgotten by convenience in this life.
		-- Carmen Caicedo Giraudy


If computers take over (which seems to be their natural tendency), it will
serve us right.
		-- Alistair Cooke


Women give themselves to God when the
Devil wants nothing more to do with them.
		-- Arnould


If they were so inclined, they could impeach
him because they don't like his necktie.
		-- Attorney General William Saxbe


Finding out what goes on in the C.I.A. is like performing acupuncture
on a rock.
		-- New York Times, Jan. 20, 1981


The moving finger having writ... gestures.


How doth the little crocodile
	Improve his shining tail,
And pour the waters of the Nile
	On every golden scale!

How cheerfully he seems to grin,
	How neatly spreads his claws,
And welcomes little fishes in,
	With gently smiling jaws!
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


No sooner said than done -- so acts your man of worth.
		-- Quintus Ennius


Some books are to be tasted, others to be swallowed,
and some few to be chewed and digested.
		-- Francis Bacon
	[As anyone who has ever owned a puppy already knows.  Ed.]


Computer programmers never die, they just get lost in the processing.


Infatuation, n.:
	When you're in love, there's a lump in your throat.
	When you're infatuated, there's a lump in your pants.


Those who do not do politics will be done in by politics.
		-- French Proverb


Q:	Why don't Scotsmen ever have coffee the way they like it?
A:	Well, they like it with two lumps of sugar.  If they drink
	it at home, they only take one, and if they drink it while
	visiting, they always take three.


Spark's Sixth Rule for Managers:
	If a subordinate asks you a pertinent question, look at him as
if he had lost his senses.  When he looks down, paraphrase the question
back at him.


Prediction is very difficult, especially of the future.
		-- Niels Bohr


	"Then what is magic for?" Prince Lir demanded wildly.  "What use is
wizardry if it cannot save a unicorn?"  He gripped the magician's shoulder
hard, to keep from falling.
	Schmendrick did not turn his head.  With a touch of sad mockery in
his voice, he said, "That's what heroes are for."
...
	"Yes, of course," he [Prince Lir] said.  "That is exactly what heroes
are for.  Wizards make no difference, so they say that nothing does, but
heroes are meant to die for unicorns."
		-- P. Beagle, "The Last Unicorn"


Absence makes the heart grow frantic.


The control of the production of wealth
is the control of human life itself.
		-- Hilaire Belloc


Love America - or give it back.


If you find for your verse there's no call,
And you can't afford paper at all,
	For the true poet born,
	However forlorn,
There is always the lavat'ry wall.


Q:	How many people from New Jersey does it take to change a light
	bulb?
A:	Three.  One to do it, one to watch, and the third to shoot the
	witness.


Nasrudin walked into a shop one day, and the owner came forward to serve
him.  Nasrudin said, "First things first.  Did you see me walk into your
shop?"
	"Of course."
	"Have you ever seen me before?"
	"Never."
	"Then how do you know it was me?"


Send lawyers, guns, and money,
The shit has hit the fan.
		-- Warren Zevon


Girls who throw themselves at men,
are actually taking very careful aim.


GREAT MOMENTS IN HISTORY (#7):  April 2, 1751

Isaac Newton becomes discouraged when he falls up a flight of stairs.


We all dream of being the darling of everybody's darling.


Machines that have broken down will work perfectly when the
repairman arrives.


	"Surely you can't be serious."
	"I am serious, and don't call me Shirley."


Nowlan's Theory:
	He who hesitates is not only lost, but several miles from
	the next freeway exit.


Love means never having to say you're sorry.
		-- Eric Segal, "Love Story"

That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard.
		-- Ryan O'Neill, "What's Up Doc?"


A Tale of Two Cities LITE(tm)
	-- by Charles Dickens

	A lawyer who looks like a French Nobleman is executed in his place.

The Metamorphosis LITE(tm)
	-- by Franz Kafka

	A man turns into a bug and his family gets annoyed.

Lord of the Rings LITE(tm)
	-- by J. R. R. Tolkien

	Some guys take a long vacation to throw a ring into a volcano.

Hamlet LITE(tm)
	-- by William Shakespeare

	A college student on vacation with family problems, a screwy
	girl-friend and a mother who won't act her age.


You're growing out of some of your problems,
but there are others that you're growing into.


Death is only a state of mind.

Only it doesn't leave you much time to think about anything else.


If money can't buy happiness, I guess you'll just have to rent it.


It's not pretty being easy.


This is NOT a repeat.


To have died once is enough.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)


The government [is] extremely fond of amassing great quantities of statistics.
These are raised to the nth degree, the cube roots are extracted, and the
results are arranged into elaborate and impressive displays.  What must be
kept ever in mind, however, is that in every case, the figures are first
put down by a village watchman, and he puts down anything he damn well
pleases.
		-- Sir Josiah Stamp


An optimist is a man who looks forward to marriage.
A pessimist is a married optimist.


Once upon a time there was a little girl named Little Red Riding Hood.  One
fine morning she decided to visit her Grandmother, so she put a freshly baked
cake and a .357 magnum into her basket and set off through the forest.  When
she got there, what should she find but a big black wolf in the bed, who
jumped up, grabbed her and snarled, "I'm going to fuck you until the sun goes
down."
	So Little Red Riding Hood whipped out the .357 and said, "Oh, no,
you're not!  You're going to eat me just like the story says!"


A man needs a mistress, just to break the monogamy.


Those who can, do; those who can't, simulate.


No man would listen to you talk if he didn't know it was his turn next.
		-- Edgar W. Howe


The three laws of thermodynamics:
	(1) You can't get anything without working for it.
	(2) The most you can accomplish by working is to break even.
	(3) You can only break even at absolute zero.


Call things by their right names...  Glass of brandy and water!  That is the
current but not the appropriate name: ask for a glass of fire and distilled
damnation.
		-- Robert Hall, in Olinthus Gregory's, "Brief Memoir of the
		   Life of Hall"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to logical names.]


In buying horses and taking a wife
shut your eyes tight and commend yourself to God.


It is better to give than to lend, and it costs about the same.


You must realize that the computer has it in for you.  The irrefutable
proof of this is that the computer always does what you tell it to do.


Capitalism is the extraordinary belief that the nastiest of men, for
the nastiest of reasons, will somehow work for the benefit of us all.
		-- John Maynard Keynes


Save a little money each month and at the end of the year you'll be
surprised at how little you have.
		-- Ernest Haskins


Hear about...
	the inexperienced stenographer who discovered that she could lose
	a lot more than letters behind the files?


Had he and I but met
By some old ancient inn,		But ranged as infantry,
We should have sat us down to wet	And staring face to face,
Right many a nipperkin!			I shot at him as he at me,
					And killed him in his place.
I shot him dead because --
Because he was my foe,			He thought he'd 'list, perhaps,
Just so: my foe of course he was;	Off-hand-like -- just as I --
That's clear enough; although		Was out of work -- had sold his traps
					No other reason why.
Yes; quaint and curious war is!
You shoot a fellow down
You'd treat, if met where any bar is
Or help to half-a-crown.
		-- Thomas Hardy


I have had my television aerials removed.  It's the moral equivalent
of a prostate operation.
		-- Malcolm Muggeridge


A yawn is a silent shout.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


"Good health" is merely the slowest rate at which one can die.


If only God would give me some clear sign!
Like making a large deposit in my name at a Swiss bank.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


If the ends don't justify the means, then what does?
		-- Robert Moses


I wish you humans would leave me alone.


Then there was the girl who was engaged
to a gymnast -- 'til he broke it off.


Ruth made a great mistake when he gave up pitching.  Working once a week,
he might have lasted a long time and become a great star.
		-- Tris Speaker, commenting on Babe Ruth's plan to change
		   from being a pitcher to an outfielder.
		   Cerf/Navasky, "The Experts Speak"


	A manager asked a programmer how long it would take him to finish the
program on which he was working.  "I will be finished tomorrow," the programmer
promptly replied.
	"I think you are being unrealistic," said the manager. "Truthfully,
how long will it take?"
	The programmer thought for a moment.  "I have some features that I wish
to add.  This will take at least two weeks," he finally said.
	"Even that is too much to expect," insisted the manager, "I will be
satisfied if you simply tell me when the program is complete."
	The programmer agreed to this.
	Several years later, the manager retired.  On the way to his
retirement lunch, he discovered the programmer asleep at his terminal.
He had been programming all night.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Republicans raise dahlias, Dalmatians and eyebrows.
Democrats raise Airedales, kids and taxes.

Democrats eat the fish they catch.
Republicans hang them on the wall.

Republican boys date Democratic girls.  They plan to marry Republican
girls, but feel they're entitled to a little fun first.

Democrats make up plans and then do something else.
Republicans follow the plans their grandfathers made.

Republicans consume three-fourths of the rutabaga produced in the USA.
The remainder is thrown out.

Republicans sleep in twin beds -- some even in separate rooms.
That is why there are more Democrats.
		-- The Official Rules, as compiled by Paul Dickson


I would like to know
What I was fencing in
And what I was fencing out.
		-- Robert Frost


You must dine in our cafeteria.
You can eat dirt cheap there!!!!


If men couldn't fuck there'd be a bounty on their heads.


You don't become a failure until you're satisfied with being one.


Democracy can only be measured on the existence of an opposition.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


In success there's a tendency to keep on doing what you were doing.
		-- Alan Kay


You better believe that marijuana can cause castration.  Just suppose
your girlfriend gets the munchies!


Stock's Observation:
	You no sooner get your head above water
	but what someone pulls your flippers off.


Unless hours were cups of sack, and minutes capons, and clocks the tongues
of bawds, and dials the signs of leaping houses, and the blessed sun himself
a fair, hot wench in flame-colored taffeta, I see no reason why thou shouldst
be so superfluous to demand the time of the day.  I wasted time and now doth
time waste me.
		-- William Shakespeare


PAIN:
	Falling out of a twenty story building,
	and snagging your eyelid on a nail.


Life is a glorious cycle of song,
A medley of extemporania;
And love is thing that can never go wrong;
And I am Marie of Roumania.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Comment"


Iles's Law:
	There is always an easier way to do it.  When looking directly
	at the easy way, especially for long periods, you will not see
	it.  Neither will Iles.


First Law of Bicycling:
	No matter which way you ride, it's uphill and against the wind.


A rich man told me recently that a liberal is a man who tells other
people what to do with their money.
		-- Imamu Amiri Baraka (Leroi Jones)


XI:
	If the Earth could be made to rotate twice as fast, managers would
	get twice as much done.  If the Earth could be made to rotate twenty
	times as fast, everyone else would get twice as much done since all
	the managers would fly off.
XII:
	It costs a lot to build bad products.
XIII:
	There are many highly successful businesses in the United States.
	There are also many highly paid executives.  The policy is not to
	intermingle the two.
XIV:
	After the year 2015, there will be no airplane crashes.  There will
	be no takeoffs either, because electronics will occupy 100 percent
	of every airplane's weight.
XV:
	The last 10 percent of performance generates one-third of the cost
	and two-thirds of the problems.
		-- Norman Augustine


Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes.
		-- Dr. Warren Jackson, Director, UTCS


	"That wife of mine is a liar," said the angry husband to a
sympathetic pal seated next to him in a bar.
	"How do you know?" the friend asked.
	"She didn't come home last night, and when I asked her where
she'd been she said she'd spent the night with her sister Shirley."
	"So?"
	"So, she's a liar.  I spent the night with her sister Shirley."


I prefer the most unjust peace to the most righteous war.
		-- Cicero

Even peace may be purchased at too high a price.
		-- Poor Richard


Nurse Donna:	Oh, Groucho, I'm afraid I'm gonna wind up an old maid.
Groucho:	Well, bring her in and we'll wind her up together.
Nurse Donna:	Do you believe in computer dating?
Groucho:	Only if the computers really love each other.


You had mail.
Paul read it, so ask him what it said.


Nobody really knows what happiness is, until they're married.
And then it's too late.


Albert Camus wrote that the only serious question is whether to kill yourself
or not.  Tom Robbins wrote that the only serious question is whether time has
a beginning and an end.  Camus clearly got up on the wrong side of bed, and
Robbins must have forgotten to set the alarm.
		-- Tom Robbins


... it is easy to be blinded to the essential uselessness of them by the
sense of achievement you get from getting them to work at all.  In other
words... their fundamental design flaws are completely hidden by their
superficial design flaws.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
		   on the products of the Sirius Cybernetics Corporation


Logic is the chastity belt of the mind!


If you don't drink it, someone else will.


What is food to one, is to others bitter poison.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


I have had my television aerials removed.  It's the moral equivalent
of a prostate operation.
		-- Malcolm Muggeridge


We've just received the results of a survey conducted to ascertain the
various reasons men get out of bed in the middle of the night.  According
to the report, 2% are motivated by a desire to visit the bathroom, and
3% have an urge to raid the refrigerator.  The other 95% get up to go home.


	It seems there's this magician working one of the luxury cruise ships
for a few years.  He doesn't have to change his routines much as the audiences
change over fairly often, and he's got a good life.  The only problem is the
ship's parrot, who perches in the hall and watches him night after night, year
after year.  Finally, the parrot figures out how almost every trick works and
starts giving it away for the audience.  For example, when the magician makes
a bouquet of flowers disappear, the parrot squawks "Behind his back!  Behind
his back!"  Well, the magician is really annoyed at this, but there's not much
he can do about it as the parrot is a ship's mascot and very popular with the
passengers.
	One night, the ship strikes some floating debris, and sinks without
a trace.  Almost everyone aboard was lost, except for the magician and the
parrot.  For three days and nights they just drift, with the magician clinging
to one end of a piece of driftwood and the parrot perched on the other end.
As the sun rises on the morning of the fourth day, the parrot walks over to
the magician's end of the log.  With obvious disgust in his voice, he snaps
"OK, you win, I give up.  Where did you hide the ship?"


A diplomatic husband said to his wife, "How do you expect me to remember
your birthday when you never look any older?"


"Good health" is merely the slowest rate at which one can die.


Every man has his price.  Mine is $3.95.


If all these sweet young things were laid end-to-end, I wouldn't be a
bit surprised.
		-- Dorothy Parker


All Gods were immortal.
		-- Stanislaw J. Lec, "Unkempt Thoughts"


He's learned about 50% of the rules of sex and conversation;
he knows how to stick it in, but not how to stick it out.


Mistress, n.:
	Something between a mister and a mattress.


QOTD:
	"Talk about willing people... over half of them are willing to work
	and the others are more than willing to watch them."


It's gonna be alright,
It's almost midnight,
And I've got two more bottles of wine.


Is there life before breakfast?


Will your long-winded speeches never end?
What ails you that you keep on arguing?
		-- Job 16:3


Men -- can't live with 'em, can't leave
'em by the curb when you're done.


Mistress, n.:
	Something between a mister and a mattress.


Resisting temptation is easier when you
think you'll probably get another chance later on.


When it comes to helping you, some people stop at nothing.


A truly wise woman never plays leapfrog with a unicorn.


The first half of our lives is ruined by our parents,
and the second half by our children.
		-- Clarence Darrow


	The boss returned from lunch in a good mood and called the whole staff
in to listen to a couple of jokes he had picked up.  Everybody but one girl
laughed uproariously.  "What's the matter?" grumbled the boss. "Haven't you
got a sense of humor?"
	"I don't have to laugh," she said.  "I'm leaving Friday anyway.


If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars.
		-- J. Paul Getty


I'll rob that rich person and give it to some poor deserving slob.
That will *prove* I'm Robin Hood.
		-- Daffy Duck, "Robin Hood Daffy", [1958, Chuck Jones]


Any programming language is at its best before it is implemented and used.


There are two kinds of pedestrians... the quick and the dead.
		-- Lord Thomas Robert Dewar


Unix gives you just enough rope to hang yourself -- and then a couple
of more feet, just to be sure.
		-- Eric Allman

... We make rope.
		-- Rob Gingell on Sun Microsystems' new virtual memory


Anyone can say "no." It is the first word a child learns and often the
first word he speaks. It is a cheap word because it requires no
explanation, and many men and women have acquired a reputation for
intelligence who know only this word and have used it in place of
thought on every occasion.
		-- Chuck Jones (Warner Bros. animation director.)


Keep your Eye on the Ball,
Your Shoulder to the Wheel,
Your Nose to the Grindstone,
Your Feet on the Ground,
Your Head on your Shoulders.
Now... try to get something DONE!


CONSULTANT:
	An ordinary man a long way from home.


People often find it easier to be a
result of the past than a cause of the future.


Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious.
		-- Oscar Wilde


