Britain has lowered the tax on chastity belts by about 60 cents each...
[reclassifying them] as a safety device rather than... clothing
		-- NY Times


Obviously, a major malfunction has occurred.
		-- Steve Nesbitt, voice of Mission Control, January 28,
		   1986, as the shuttle Challenger exploded within view
		   of the grandstands.


All hope abandon, ye who enter here!
		-- Dante Alighieri


There are three things I have always loved
and never understood -- art, music, and women.


I saw Lassie.  It took me four shows to figure out why the hairy kid
never spoke. I mean, he could roll over and all that, but did that
deserve a series?"


An optimist is a man who looks forward to marriage.
A pessimist is a married optimist.


The ecumenical movement has reached a milestone with the agreement on the
text of the first Jewish-Catholic prayer -- one that begins "Oy vay, Maria".


Success is relative: It is what we can make of the mess we have
made of things.
		-- T. S. Eliot, "The Family Reunion"


Contemporary American feminism's simplistic psychology is illustrated by
the new cliche of the date-rape furor:  "`No' always means `no'."  Will
we ever graduate from the Girl Scouts?  "No" has always been, and always
will be, part of the dangerous alluring courtship ritual of sex and
seduction, observable even in the animal kingdom.
		-- Camille Paglia, NY Times, Dec. 14 1990, Op Ed.


My love, he's mad, and my love, he's fleet,
	And a wild young wood-thing bore him!
The ways are fair to his roaming feet,
	And the skies are sunlit for him.
As sharply sweet to my heart he seems
	As the fragrance of acacia.
My own dear love, he is all my dreams --
	And I wish he were in Asia.
		-- Dorothy Parker, part 2


The ultimate game show will be the one
where somebody gets killed at the end.
		-- Chuck Barris, creator of "The Gong Show"


Good morning.  This is the telephone company.  Due to repairs, we're
giving you advance notice that your service will be cut off indefinitely
at ten o'clock.  That's two minutes from now.


The startling truth finally became apparent, and it was this: Numbers
written on restaurant checks within the confines of restaurants do not
follow the same mathematical laws as numbers written on any other pieces
of paper in any other parts of the Universe.  This single statement took
the scientific world by storm.  So many mathematical conferences got held
in such good restaurants that many of the finest minds of a generation
died of obesity and heart failure, and the science of mathematics was put
back by years.
		-- Douglas Adams, "Life, The Universe and Everything"


Kitchen activity is highlighted.
Butter up a friend.


Data is not information;
Information is not knowledge;
Knowledge is not wisdom;
		-- Gary Flake


	It took 300 years to build and by the time it was 10% built,
everyone knew it would be a total disaster. But by then the investment
was so big they felt compelled to go on. Since its completion, it has
cost a fortune to maintain and is still in danger of collapsing.
	There are at present no plans to replace it, since it was never
really needed in the first place.
	I expect every installation has its own pet software which is
analogous to the above.
		-- K. E. Iverson, on the Leaning Tower of Pisa


LEO (Jul. 23 to Aug. 22)
	Your presence, poise, charm and good looks won't even help you today.
	Look over your shoulder; an ugly person may be following you.  Be on
	your toes.  Brush your teeth.  Take Geritol.


Vandalism On The Upswing!
	Last night, windows were broken and graffiti was sprayed over the
	front of the local sex shop, Le Sex Boutique, causing several hundred
	dollars in damage.  In a later anonymous phone call, the provisional
	wing of the Salvation Army claimed responsibility.


Even a blind pig stumbles upon a few acorns.


... Once you're safely in the mall, you should tie your children to you
with ropes so the other shoppers won't try to buy them.  Holiday
shoppers have been whipped into a frenzy by months of holiday
advertisements, and they will buy anything small enough to stuff into a
shopping bag.  If your children object to being tied, threaten to take
them to see Santa Claus; that ought to shut them up.
		-- Dave Barry, "Christmas Shopping: A Survivor's Guide"


Fortune's graffito of the week (or maybe even month):

		Don't Write On Walls!

		   (and underneath)

		You want I should type?


I'm still waiting for the advent of the computer science groupie.


Barker's Proof:
	Proofreading is more effective after publication.


Whitehead's Law:
	The obvious answer is always overlooked.


Diplomacy is the art of saying "nice doggie" until you can find a rock.
		-- Wynn Catlin


From a Tru64 patch description:

	Fixes a bug that causes a panic due to software error


A wife lasts only for the length of the marriage, but an ex-wife is there
*for the rest of your life*.
		-- Jim Samuels


QUESTION AUTHORITY.

(Sez who?)


The little boy pointed to two dogs in the park and asked his father what
they were doing. "They're making puppies, son," replied the father.
	That night, the boy wandered into his parents' room while they were
making love.  Asked what they were doing, the father replied, "Making you
a baby brother."
	"Gee, Dad," the boy pleaded, "turn her over -- I'd rather have a
puppy."


Gorbachev woke up early one morning, and felt great.  He walked over to his
window, threw back the curtains, and saw the sun coming up.  He felt *so*
good, he crowed, "Good Morning Sun!", and was startled when a great booming
voice came back to him, "Good morning Comrade!  Good morning to you and
the great Soviet Socialist Republic!".  Of course, this surprised him, but
great politician that he is, he considers the political ramifications.
Gorbachev then woke up Reza and his closest aides, brought them into his
bedroom, and shouted out "Good morning, Comrade Sun!".  Again a booming reply,
"Good morning, Comrade.  Good morning to you and the rest of the Party!"
Everyone was quite excited about this, and Gorbachev sat down to his
day's work with a feeling of being destiny's favorite child.
	Later, in the evening, he was preparing for the ballet.  As he
dressed, he noticed that the sun was setting.  Walking over to the window,
Gorbachev threw up the sash and again addressed the sun, "Good evening to
you, Comrade Sun!".  Once more the great voice boomed out, "Fuck you,
asshole!  I'm in the West now!"


Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient.
Don't believe a thing he tells you.


Animals can be driven crazy by putting too many in too small a pen.
Homo sapiens is the only animal that voluntarily does this to himself.
		-- Lazarus Long


We know next to nothing about virtually everything.  It is not necessary
to know the origin of the universe; it is necessary to want to know.
Civilization depends not on any particular knowledge, but on the disposition
to crave knowledge.
		-- George Will


One-Shot Case Study, n.:
	The scientific equivalent of the four-leaf clover, from which
	it is concluded all clovers possess four leaves and are sometimes green.


Women are just like men, only different.


Many a writer seems to think he is never profound
except when he can't understand his own meaning.
		-- George D. Prentice


Save Soviet Jewry -- Win Valuable Prizes!!!!


Distress, n.:
	A disease incurred by exposure to the prosperity of a friend.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


I told my doctor I got all the exercise I needed being a
pallbearer for all my friends who run and do exercises!
		-- Winston Churchill


Q:	What goes green, red, green, red, pink, pink, pink?
A:	A frog in a blender.

Q:	What do you get if you add 2 eggs to it??
A:	Frognogg.  If you drink it, you croak.


HERPES:
	The final proof that 'tis better to give than to receive.
	Much better.


Abscond, v.:
	To be unexpectedly called away to the bedside of a dying relative
	and miss the return train.


Suburbia is where the developer bulldozes out the trees, then names
the streets after them.
		-- Bill Vaughn


Expect the worst, it's the least you can do.


They can't stop us... we're on a mission from God!
		-- The Blues Brothers


The best laid plans of mice and men are held up in the legal department.


3M, under the Scotch brand name, manufactures a fine adhesive for art
and display work.  This product is called "Craft Mount".  3M suggests
that to obtain the best results, one should make the bond "while the
adhesive is wet, aggressively tacky."  I did not know what "aggressively
tacky" meant until I read today's fortune.

		[And who said we didn't offer equal time, huh? Ed.]


The universe is like a safe to which there is a combination -- but the
combination is locked up in the safe.
		-- Peter de Vries

Corollary: The combination is not a problem since we are locked in the
same safe.


Adding sound to movies would be like
putting lipstick on the Venus de Milo.
		-- Mary Pickford, actress, 1925


"I don't understand," said the scientist, "why you lemmings all rush down
to the sea and drown yourselves."

"How curious," said the lemming. "The one thing I don't understand is why
you human beings don't."
		-- James Thurber


For years a secret shame destroyed my peace --
I'd not read Eliot, Auden or MacNiece.
But now I think a thought that brings me hope:
Neither had Chaucer, Shakespeare, Milton, Pope.
		-- Justin Richardson


The other night I was having sex, but the girl hung up on me.


In the long run, every program becomes rococo, and then rubble.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


The trouble with being punctual is that people
think you have nothing more important to do.


We should be glad we're living in the time that we are.  If any of us had been
born into a more enlightened age, I'm sure we would have immediately been taken
out and shot.
		-- Strange de Jim


Free Speech Is The Right To Shout "Theater" In A Crowded Fire.
		-- A Yippie proverb


... Logically incoherent, semantically incomprehensible, and
legally ... impeccable!


Kamikazes do it once.


Do something big -- fuck a giant


Dawn, n.:
	The time when men of reason go to bed.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


"I don't understand," said the scientist, "why you lemmings all rush down
to the sea and drown yourselves."

"How curious," said the lemming. "The one thing I don't understand is why
you human beings don't."
		-- James Thurber


WE'RE GOING TO THROW THE MX AWAY AFTER WE BUILD IT.  The MX is really
[Don't tell anybody!] just a "bargaining chip" in the nuclear-arms-
reduction talks with the Russians.  See, we have a problem with the
Russians.  They look at our leaders and they see, for example, George
Bush, who is really a fine and brave man but who happens to have this
unfortunate physical characteristic whereby when he talks he sounds as
though he just inhaled a helium party balloon.  If he ever becomes
President, the Russians will deliberately create nuclear crises just so
they can gather around the Hot Line with refreshments and listen to
George talk.
		-- Dave Barry, "At Last, the Ultimate Deterrent Against
		   Political Fallout"


Carson's Consolation:
	Nothing is ever a complete failure.
	It can always be used as a bad example.


If you can't read this, blame a teacher.


A Law of Computer Programming:
	Make it possible for programmers to write in English
	and you will find that programmers cannot write in English.


You will meet an important person who will help you advance professionally.


A stunning blonde, but probably all bean dip above the eyebrows.


Don't speak about Time, until you have spoken to him.


Every morning is a Smirnoff morning.


The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
		-- Mark Twain


Parents often talk about the younger generation as if they
didn't have much of anything to do with it.


" "
		-- Charlie Chaplin

" "
		-- Harpo Marx

" "
		-- Marcel Marceau


When I grow up, I want to be an honest
lawyer so things like that can't happen.
		-- Richard M. Nixon, as a boy, on the Teapot Dome scandal


Dentist, n.:
	A Prestidigitator who, putting metal in one's mouth,
	pulls coins out of one's pockets.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Do not use that foreign word "ideals".  We have that excellent native
word "lies".
		-- Henrik Ibsen, "The Wild Duck"


Another possible source of guidance for teenagers is television, but
television's message has always been that the need for truth, wisdom
and world peace pales by comparison with the need for a toothpaste that
offers whiter teeth *_a_n_d* fresher breath.
		-- Dave Barry, "Kids Today: They Don't Know Dum Diddly Do"


One of the regular foursome was sick, so a new member named George filled in.
He was good and pleasant company so they asked him to join them again the
following Sunday.
	"9:30 okay?"
	"Fine," George said, "but I may be a few minutes late."
The following Sunday George showed up right on time. Not only that, he played
left-handed and beat them.  They agreed to meet the following Sunday morning.
George was eager to come, but again, mentioned that he might be a few minutes
late.  The next Sunday there was George, punctual to the dot. This time he
played right-handed and beat them again.
	"You on for next Sunday, George?" one of the foursome asked.
	"Sure," George replied, "but I might be a few..."
	Another golfer jumped in. "Wait a minute... You always say you might
be late, but you're always right on time, and you always win, left-handed
*or* right-handed."
	"Well," George replied, rather sheepishly, "that's true, but see, I'm
superstitious.  If my wife is sleeping on her right, when I wake up, I play
right handed.  If she's sleeping on her left side, I play left handed."
	"What if she's lying on her back?"
	George said, "That's when I'm late."


Doubt is a not a pleasant mental state, but certainty is a ridiculous one.
		-- Voltaire


Quickie, n.:
	A moment's piece.


Beam me up, Scotty, there's no intelligent life down here!


There is not opinion so absurd that some philosopher will not express it.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero, "Ad familiares"


The good doctor had been an inspiration to the jungle natives.  He had cured
their sick and taught them the religious and moral values of his own England.
He was loved and respected by every native in the village, but on this
particular afternoon the chief was obviously troubled as he entered the
doctor's hut.  "You live among my people long time now," said the chief.
"You tell us not right for a man and girl to be close together before
marriage and we believe what you say.  This morning white child born to
woman in village.  You only white man in jungle.  What I tell my people?"
	The doctor smiled and led the chief to a window.  "My son," he said,
"I'll won't attempt to give you a full scientific explanation for the
phenomenon known as an albino.  But look at the flock of sheep upon that
hill.  Every one is snow white except one.  The white baby born to the
woman in your village means nothing more or less than that one black sheep
in the white flock.  It is simply one of nature's mysterious accidents."
	The black chief became embarrassed and looked at his feet. "OK, doc,"
he said.  "You no tell -- I no tell."


Great minds run in great circles.


Hale Mail Rule, The:
	When you are ready to reply to a letter, you will lack at least
	one of the following:
			(a) A pen or pencil or typewriter.
			(b) Stationery.
			(c) Postage stamp.
			(d) The letter you are answering.


The nervous young bride became irritated by her husband's lusty advances on
their wedding night and reprimanded him severely.
	"I demand proper manners in bed," she declared, "just as I do at
the dinner table."
	Amused by his wife's formality, the groom smoothed his rumpled hair
and climbed quietly between the sheets.  "Is that better?" he asked, with a
hint of a smile.
	"Yes," replied the girl, "much better."
	"Very good, darling," the husband whispered.  "Now would you
be so kind as to please pass the pussy?"


Let the worthy citizens of Chicago get their liquor the best way
they can. I'm sick of the job.  It's a thankless one and full of grief.
		-- Al Capone


Remember that as a teenager you are in the last stage of your life when
you will be happy to hear that the phone is for you.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


A public debt is a kind of anchor in the storm; but if the anchor be
too heavy for the vessel, she will be sunk by that very weight which
was intended for her preservation.
		-- Colton


Any fool can tell the truth, but it requires a man of sense to know
how to lie well.
		-- Samuel Butler


Magary's Principle:
	When there is a public outcry to cut deadwood and fat from any
	government bureaucracy, it is the deadwood and the fat that do
	the cutting, and the public's services are cut.


Do not rejoice in his defeat, you men,
For though the world stood up
And stopped the bastard,
The bitch that bore him is in heat again.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


Two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.


Naked couple in bed, woman says to man:
	"When I said I had a foot fetish, I was referring to cocks."


A sense of desolation and uncertainty, of futility, of the baselessness
of aspirations, of the vanity of endeavor, and a thirst for a life giving
water which seems suddenly to have failed, are the signs in consciousness
of this necessary reorganization of our lives.

It is difficult to believe that this state of mind can be produced by the
recognition of such facts as that unsupported stones always fall to the
ground.
		-- J. W. N. Sullivan


Watch your mouth, kid, or you'll find yourself floating home.
		-- Han Solo


Geometry teaches us to bisex angels.


Fuck'em if they can't take a joke!


Laws of Serendipity:

	(1) In order to discover anything, you must be looking for
	    something.
	(2) If you wish to make an improved product, you must already
	    be engaged in making an inferior one.


Many a man who thinks he's going on a maiden voyage with
a woman finds out later that it was just a shake-down cruise.


Symptom:		Floor blurred.
Fault:			You are looking through bottom of empty glass.
Action Required:	Find someone who will buy you another beer.

Symptom:		Floor moving.
Fault:			You are being carried out.
Action Required:	Find out if you are taken to another bar.  If not,
			complain loudly that you are being kidnaped.

		-- Bar Troubleshooting


All heiresses are beautiful.
		-- John Dryden


Nature has given women so much power that the law has very wisely
given them little.
		-- Dr. Samuel Johnson


President Thieu says he'll quit if he doesn't get more than 50%
of the vote.  In a democracy, that's not called quitting.
		-- The Washington Post


A soft answer turneth away wrath; but grievous words stir up anger.
		-- Proverbs 15:1


Another such victory over the Romans, and we are undone.
		-- Pyrrhus


Three hours a day will produce as much as a man ought to write.
		-- Trollope


Some peoples mouths work faster than their brains.
They say things they haven't even thought of yet.


XLVII:
	Two-thirds of the Earth's surface is covered with water.  The other
	third is covered with auditors from headquarters.
XLVIII:
	The more time you spend talking about what you have been doing, the
	less time you have to spend doing what you have been talking about.
	Eventually, you spend more and more time talking about less and less
	until finally you spend all your time talking about nothing.
XLIX:
	Regulations grow at the same rate as weeds.
L:
	The average regulation has a life span one-fifth as long as a
	chimpanzee's and one-tenth as long as a human's -- but four times
	as long as the official's who created it.
LI:
	By the time of the United States Tricentennial, there will be more
	government workers than there are workers.
LII:
	People working in the private sector should try to save money.
	There remains the possibility that it may someday be valuable again.
		-- Norman Augustine


Help a swallow land at Capistrano.


INSECURITY:
	Finding out that you've mispronounced for years one of your
	favorite words.

	Realizing halfway through a joke that you're telling it to
	the person who told it to you.


Painting, n.:
	The art of protecting flat surfaces from the weather, and
	exposing them to the critic.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Fat dirty farts came spluttering out of your backside.  You had an arse full
of farts that night, darling, and I fucked them out of you, big fat fellows,
long windy ones, quick little merry cracks...
		-- James Joyce


Torque is cheap.


For most men life is a search for the proper manila envelope in which to
get themselves filed.
		-- Clifton Fadiman


	NEW YORK -- Kraft Foods, Inc. announced today that its board of
directors unanimously rejected the $11 billion takeover bid by Philip
Morris and Co. A Kraft spokesman stated in a press conference that the
offer was rejected because the $90-per-share bid did not reflect the
true value of the company.
	Wall Street insiders, however, tell quite a different story.
Apparently, the Kraft board of directors had all but signed the takeover
agreement when they learned of Philip Morris' marketing plans for one of
their major Middle East subsidiaries.  To a person, the board voted to
reject the bid when they discovered that the tobacco giant intended to
reorganize Israeli Cheddar, Ltd., and name the new company Cheeses of
Nazareth.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#9

Laundry:
	Women do laundry every couple of days.  A man will wear every article
of clothing he owns, including his surgical pants that were hip about eight
years ago, before he will do his laundry.  When he is finally out of clothes,
he will wear a dirty sweatshirt inside out, rent a U-Haul and take his mountain
of clothes to the laundromat.  Men always expect to meet beautiful women at
the laundromat.  This is a myth.

Nicknames:
	If Gloria, Suzanne, Deborah and Michelle get together for lunch,
they will call each other Gloria, Suzanne, Deborah and Michelle.  But if
Mike, Dave, Rob and Jack go out for a brewsky, they will affectionately
refer to each other as Bullet-Head, Godzilla, Peanut Brain and Useless.

Socks:
	Men wear sensible socks.  They wear standard white sweatsocks.
Women wear strange socks.  They are cut way below the ankles, have pictures
of clouds on them, and have a big fuzzy ball on the back.


Revolution, n.:
	In politics, an abrupt change in the form of misgovernment.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


A mouse is a device used to point at the xterm you want to type in.


Hearts will never be practical until they can be made unbreakable.
		-- Frank Morgan as The Wizard, "The Wizard of Oz"


Q:	How many people from New Jersey does it take to change a light
	bulb?
A:	Three.  One to do it, one to watch, and the third to shoot the
	witness.


"Get a load of that chick!"	"Dude -- you gotta ask her out."
"Weellll, I dunno..."		"Look.  The worst she can say, is 'No'!"
"Hey!  You're right!"		"I'm always right!"
"The worst she can say... is 'No'!"

"Idunnoifyou'vebeennoticingmebutI'vebeennoticingyouandIwaswonderingif
you'd like to go out with me!"

Oh my god you little Geek!
Get away before I freak!		You ugly, stupid, zitfaced scum,
I'm a babe and you are not.		You asked me out; you MUST be dumb.
You can't handle what I've got!		Well you can beg until you're blue,
I'm too hot, too hot for you..		But you're not even fit to lick my shoe.
					I'm too hot, too hot for you.
Ha ha ha!  Don't make me laugh!
I want a whole man, not a half.		I've got a bitchin' bod and a killer
You wet your pants, I'm so sure.		face,
Too bad wimp-itis has no cure.		I'm god's gift to the male race.
I'm too hot, too hot for you.		I'm the queen of babes supreme,
					But you'll only see me in you dreams.
"Well?  What'd she say??"		I'm too hot, too hot for you.
"Well, she didn't say no..."
		-- Barry and the Bookbinders, "The Worst She Can Say is No"


Hang gliders come down very slowly.


You will reach the highest possible point in your business or profession.


May you have many beautiful and obedient daughters.


But if you wish at once to do nothing and to be respectable
nowadays, the best pretext is to be at work on some profound study.
		-- Leslie Stephen, "Sketches from Cambridge"


It proves what they say, give the public what they want to see and
they'll come out for it.
		-- Red Skelton, surveying the funeral of Hollywood
		   mogul Harry Cohn


George's friend Sam had a dog who could recite the Gettysburg Address.  "Let
me buy him from you," pleaded George after a demonstration.
	"Okay," agreed Sam.  "All he knows is that Lincoln speech anyway."
	At his company's Fourth of July picnic, George brought his new pet
and announced that the animal could recite the entire Gettysburg Address.
No one believed him, and they proceeded to place bets against the dog.
George quieted the crowd and said, "Now we'll begin!"  Then he looked at
the dog.  The dog looked back.  No sound.  "Come on, boy, do your stuff."
Nothing.  A disappointed George took his dog and went home.
	"Why did you embarrass me like that in front of everybody?" George
yelled at the dog.  "Do you realize how much money you lost me?"
	"Don't be silly, George," replied the dog.  "Think of the odds we're
gonna get on Labor Day."


Yeah, I used to be into necrophilia, bestiality and sadism, but then I
realized I was just flogging a dead horse.


"Being disintegrated makes me ve-ry an-gry!" <huff, huff>


Faith is under the left nipple.
		-- Martin Luther


Old MacDonald had an agricultural real estate tax abatement.


An acid is like a woman:  a good one will eat through your pants.
		-- Mel Gibson, Saturday Night Live


The only person who always got his work done by Friday was Robinson Crusoe.


Once upon a girl there was a time...


O give me a home,
Where the buffalo roam,
Where the deer and the antelope play,
Where seldom is heard
A discouraging word,
'Cause what can an antelope say?


The work of Mess Sergeant Potgieter
Is not merely reading a meter.
	By orders of Kirk
	A part of his work
Is dosing the food with saltpeter.


There is no comfort without pain; thus
we define salvation through suffering.
		-- Cato


Don't get mad, get even.
		-- Joseph P. Kennedy

Don't get even, get jewelry.
		-- Anonymous


HERE'S A GOOD JOKE to do during an earthquake.  Straddle a big crack in
the earth and if it opens wider, go, "Whoa! Whoa!" and flap your arms
around as if you're going to fall.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


All your files have been destroyed (sorry).  Paul.


Hawkeye's Conclusion:
	It's not easy to play the clown
	when you've got to run the whole circus.


One day,
A mad meta-poet,
With nothing to say,
Wrote a mad meta-poem
That started: "One day,
A mad meta-poet,
With nothing to say,
Wrote a mad meta-poem
That started: "One day,
[...]
sort of close".
Were the words that the poet,
Finally chose,
To bring his mad poem,
To some sort of close".
Were the words that the poet,
Finally chose,
To bring his mad poem,
To some sort of close".


	Something mysterious is formed, born in the silent void.  Waiting
alone and unmoving, it is at once still and yet in constant motion.  It is
the source of all programs.  I do not know its name, so I will call it the
Tao of Programming.
	If the Tao is great, then the operating system is great.  If the
operating system is great, then the compiler is great.  If the compiler is
greater, then the applications is great.  The user is pleased and there is
harmony in the world.
	The Tao of Programming flows far away and returns on the wind of
morning.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


	A man was reading The Canterbury Tales one Saturday morning, when his
wife asked "What have you got there?"  Replied he, "Just my cup and Chaucer."


Nothing is faster than the speed of light.

To prove this to yourself, try opening the
refrigerator door before the light comes on.


You have a tendency to feel you are superior to most computers.


Each of these cults correspond to one of the two antagonists in the age of
Reformation.  In the realm of the Apple Macintosh, as in Catholic Europe,
worshipers peer devoutly into screens filled with "icons."  All is sound and
imagery and Appledom.  Even words look like decorative filigrees in exotic
typefaces.  The greatest icon of all, the inviolable Apple itself, stands in
the dominate position at the upper-left corner of the screen.  A central
corporate headquarters decrees the form of all rites and practices.
Infallible doctrine issues from one executive officer whose selection occurs
in a sealed board room.  Should anyone in his curia question his powers, the
offender is excommunicated into outer darkness.  The expelled heretic founds
a new company, mutters obscurely of the coming age and the next computer,
then disappears into silence, taking his stockholders with him.  The mother
company forbids financial competition as sternly as it stifles ideological
competition; if you want to use computer programs that conform to Apple's
orthodoxy, you must buy a computer made and sold by Apple itself.
		-- Edward Mendelson, "The New Republic", February 22, 1988


At any given moment, an arrow must be either where it is or where it is
not.  But obviously it cannot be where it is not.  And if it is where
it is, that is equivalent to saying that it is at rest.
		-- Zeno's paradox of the moving (still?) arrow


Consider the following axioms carefully:
	"Everything's better when it sits on a Ritz."
	and
	"Everything's better with Blue Bonnet on it."
What happens if one spreads Blue Bonnet margarine on a Ritz cracker?  The
thought is frightening.  Is this how God came into being?  Try not to
consider the fact that "Things go better with Coke".


It is impossible to defend perfectly
against the attack of those who want to die.


She blinded me with science!


Thou hast seen nothing yet.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


Girls would never stay out late if guys didn't make them.


The revolution will not be televised.


Giles:	 What do you want?
Angelus: I want to torture you.  I used to love it, it's been a long time.
	 I mean, the last time I tortured somebody, they didn't even _H_A_V_E
	 chain saws.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Becoming, Part 2"
		   Season 2, Episode 22


Pile driver, n.:
	Local drink; two parts vodka, one part prune juice.


STRATEGY:
	A comprehensive plan of inaction.


Necessity hath no law.
		-- Oliver Cromwell


[A computer is] like an Old Testament god, with a lot of rules and no mercy.
		-- Joseph Campbell


The church saves sinners, but science seeks to stop their manufacture.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


Bigamy is having one spouse too many.  Monogamy is the same.


It's not hard to admit errors that are [only] cosmetically wrong.
		-- J. K. Galbraith


Symbolic representation of quantitative entities is doomed to its rightful
place of minor importance in a world where flowers and beautiful women abound.
		-- Albert Einstein


Do you know Montana?


Death is only a state of mind.

Only it doesn't leave you much time to think about anything else.


Nobody shot me.
		-- Frank Gusenberg, his last words, when asked by police
		   who had shot him 14 times with a machine gun in the
		   Saint Valentine's Day Massacre.

Only Capone kills like that.
		-- George "Bugs" Moran, on the Saint Valentine's Day Massacre

The only man who kills like that is Bugs Moran.
		-- Al Capone, on the Saint Valentine's Day Massacre


			It's grad exam time...
COMPUTER SCIENCE
	Inside your desk you'll find a listing of the DEC/VMS operating
system in IBM 1710 machine code. Show what changes are necessary to convert
this code into a UNIX Berkeley 7 operating system.  Prove that these fixes are
bug free and run correctly. You should gain at least 150% efficiency in the
new system.  (You should take no more than 10 minutes on this question.)

MATHEMATICS
	If X equals PI times R^2, construct a formula showing how long
it would take a fire ant to drill a hole through a dill pickle, if the
length-girth ratio of the ant to the pickle were 98.17:1.

GENERAL KNOWLEDGE
Describe the Universe.  Give three examples.


IRONY:
	A windy day, when, just as a beautiful girl with
	a short skirt approaches, dust blows in your eyes.


Style may not be the answer, but at least it's a workable alternative.


Renning's Maxim:
	Man is the highest animal.  Man does the classifying.


Cancel me not -- for what then shall remain?
Abscissas, some mantissas, modules, modes,
A root or two, a torus and a node:
The inverse of my verse, a null domain.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


Sex is better than grass, if you have the right pusher.


Eisenhower was very nice,
Nixon was his only vice.
		-- C. Degen


Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not
become a monster.  And when you look into an abyss, the abyss also looks
into you.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


The great question that has never been answered and which I have not
yet been able to answer despite my thirty years of research into the
feminine soul is: WHAT DOES A WOMAN WANT?
		-- Sigmund Freud


An American tourist is visiting Russia, and he's talking with a Russian
about the fact that not many people in Russia own cars.

American:	"I can't believe you don't have cars here!  How do you
		get to work?"
Russian:	"We take the bus, or the subway.  We have public
		transportation everywhere."
A:		"Well, how do you go on vacations?"
R:		"We take the train."
A:		"Well, what if you want to go abroad?"
R:		"We don't ever want go abroad."
A:		"Well, what if you really HAVE to go abroad?"
R:		"We take tanks."


It is contrary to reasoning to say that there
is a vacuum or space in which there is absolutely nothing.
		-- Rene Descartes


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Woman:

 1. A beer won't make you go to church.
 2. A beer is more likely to know how to spell "carburetor" than a woman.
 3. A beer doesn't think baseball is stupid simply because the guys spit.
 4. A beer doesn't give a [expletive deleted] if you keep a bunch of
	other beers on the side.
 5. A beer will not call you a sexist pig if you say "Doberman" instead of
	"Doberperson."
 6. A beer won't get a job as a DJ and play 5 straight hours of lesbian
	folk music on yer fave radio station.
 7. A beer understands why The Three Stooges are funny.
 8. A beer won't raise a fuss about a little thing like leaving the
	toilet seat up.
 9. A beer doesn't think that a "three-hundred-fifty cubic-inch V8" is an
	enormous can of vegetable juice.
10. A beer won't smoke in your car.


	"How many people work here?"
	"Oh, about half."


There's no easy quick way out, we're gonna have to live through our
whole lives, win, lose, or draw.
		-- Walt Kelly


The mature Bohemian is one whose woman works full time.


Rome was not built in one day.
		-- John Heywood


Magpie, n.:
	A bird whose thievish disposition suggested
	to someone that it might be taught to talk.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Have a place for everything and keep the thing
somewhere else; this is not advice, it is merely custom.
		-- Mark Twain


Feeling amorous, she looked under the sheets and cried, "Oh, no,
it's Microsoft!"


Our parents were of Midwestern stock and very strict.  They didn't want us
to grow up to be spoiled and rich.  If we left our tennis racquets in the
rain, we were punished.
		-- Nancy Ellis (George Bush's sister), in the New Republic


If I told you you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me?


Guns don't kill people.  Bullets kill people.


I had never been too political, but I knew how white people treated black
people and it was hard for me to come back to the bullshit white people
put a black person through in this country.  To realize you don't have any
power to make things different is a bitch.
		-- Miles Davis


When it is not necessary to make a decision,
it is necessary not to make a decision.


A certain monk had a habit of pestering the Grand Tortue (the only one who
had ever reached the Enlightenment 'Yond Enlightenment), by asking whether
various objects had Buddha-nature or not.  To such a question Tortue
invariably sat silent.  The monk had already asked about a bean, a lake,
and a moonlit night.  One day he brought to Tortue a piece of string, and
asked the same question.  In reply, the Grand Tortue grasped the loop
between his feet and, with a few simple manipulations, created a complex
string which he proffered wordlessly to the monk.  At that moment, the monk
was enlightened.

From then on, the monk did not bother Tortue.  Instead, he made string after
string by Tortue's method; and he passed the method on to his own disciples,
who passed it on to theirs.


A myth is a religion in which no-one any longer believes.
		-- James Feibleman, "Understanding Philosophy"


The Right Honorable Gentleman is indebted to his memory for his jests
and to his imagination for his facts.
		-- Sheridan


Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine,
Lisp Machine is Fun.
Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine,
Fun for everyone.


If you think technology can solve your security problems, then you
don't understand the problems and you don't understand the technology.
		-- Bruce Schneier


If you don't do it, you'll never know what
would have happened if you had done it.


There are three possibilities: Pioneer's solar panel has turned away
from the sun; there's a large meteor blocking transmission; or someone
loaded Star Trek 3.2 into our video processor.


Under every stone lurks a politician.
		-- Aristophanes


Cleveland still lives.  God MUST be dead.


Eat as much as you like -- just don't swallow it.
		-- Harry Secombe's diet


Things are not always what they seem.
		-- Phaedrus


Dance is the vertical expression of a horizontal intention.


Eat prune yogurt for that "get up and go" feeling.


Mary had a little lamb,
It's fleece as white as snow.
It followed her to school one day,
And got fucked by a big black dog.


Expect the worst, it's the least you can do.


