The only real advantage to punk music is that nobody can whistle it.


Wet dream, n.:
	Overnight sensation.


After an instrument has been assembled,
extra components will be found on the bench.


I dined with Lord Hughing Fitz-Bluing
Who said, "Do you squirm when you're screwing?"
	I replied, "Simple shagging
	Without any wagging
Is only for screwing canoeing."


Coding is easy;  All you do is sit staring at a
terminal until the drops of blood form on your forehead.


As in Protestant Europe, by contrast, where sects divided endlessly into
smaller competing sects and no church dominated any other, all is different
in the fragmented world of IBM.  That realm is now a chaos of conflicting
norms and standards that not even IBM can hope to control.  You can buy a
computer that works like an IBM machine but contains nothing made or sold by
IBM itself.  Renegades from IBM constantly set up rival firms and establish
standards of their own.  When IBM recently abandoned some of its original
standards and decreed new ones, many of its rivals declared a puritan
allegiance to IBM's original faith, and denounced the company as a divisive
innovator.  Still, the IBM world is united by its distrust of icons and
imagery.  IBM's screens are designed for language, not pictures.  Graven
images may be tolerated by the luxurious cults, but the true IBM faith relies
on the austerity of the word.
		-- Edward Mendelson, "The New Republic", February 22, 1988


I never cheated an honest man, only rascals.  They wanted
something for nothing.  I gave them nothing for something.
		-- Joseph "Yellow Kid" Weil


Safety Tips for the Post-Nuclear Existence
	Tip #1: How to tell when you are dead.

	1. Little things start bothering you:  little things like worms,
		bugs, ants.
	2. Something is missing in your personal relationships.
	3. Your dog becomes overly affectionate.
	4. You have a hard time getting a waiter.
	5. Exotic birds flock around you.
	6. People ignore you at parties.
	7. You have a hard time getting up in the morning.
	8. You no longer get off on cocaine.


Bureaucracy, n.:
	A method for transforming energy into solid waste.


Why, Good Morning!  I'm the bluebird of fellatio!


Too many of his [Mozart's] works sound like interoffice memos.
		-- Glenn Gould


Ladies and Gentlemen, Hobos and Tramps,
Cross-eyed mosquitos and bowlegged ants,
I come before you to stand behind you
To tell you of something I know nothing about.
Next Thursday (which is good Friday),
There will be a convention held in the
Women's Club which is strictly for Men.
Admission is free, pay at the door,
Pull up a chair, and sit on the floor.
It was a summer's day in winter,
And the snow was raining fast,
As a barefoot boy with shoes on,
Stood sitting in the grass.
Oh, that bright day in the dead of night,
Two dead men got up to fight.
Three blind men to see fair play,
Forty mutes to yell "Hooray"!
Back to back, they faced each other,
Drew their swords and shot each other.
A deaf policeman heard the noise,
Came and arrested those two dead boys.


Davis's Dictum:
	Problems that go away by themselves, come back by themselves.


Have a nice day!


April is the cruelest month...
		-- Thomas Stearns Eliot


Drugs may be the road to nowhere, but at least they're the scenic route!


	"I'm terribly sorry, sir," the novice barber apologized, after
badly nicking a customer.  "Let me wrap your head in a towel."
	"That's all right," said the customer.  "I'll just take it home
under my arm."


Australia's a lovely land
It's full of bonza blokes,
Sheilas, beer and no-one's queer
Except in Pommie jokes.

Australians are lovely chaps
They're God's own chosen race.
If they ever see a fairy Pom
They'll smash him in the face.

Australians like dressing up
In skirts and having fun
And that's all we were doing
When the Vice Squad came along.
		-- Monty Python


Computer scientists are programmed to do it by macro insertion.


Success is in the minds of Fools.
		-- William Wrenshaw, 1578


My boy is mean kid.  I came home the other day and saw him taping worms
to the sidewalk, he sits there and watches the birds get hernias.  Well,
only last Christmas I gave him a B-B gun and he gave me a sweatshirt with
a bulls-eye on the back.

I told my kids, "Someday, you'll have kids of your own."  One of them
said, "So will you."
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


Playing poker with busty Ms. Ware,
He announced as he folded with flair,
	"I had four of a kind,
	But those aces combined,
Don't stack up, I'm afraid, with your pair."


Any priest or shaman must be presumed guilty until proved innocent.
		-- Lazarus Long


A guy has to get fresh once in a while
so a girl doesn't lose her confidence.


Rotten wood cannot be carved.
		-- Confucius, "Analects", Book 5, Ch. 9


You've got to pity New Mexico... so far from heaven and so close to Texas.


A yawn is a silent shout.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


We have an equal opportunity Calculus class -- it's fully integrated.


Your life would be very empty if you had nothing to regret.


	For three years, the young attorney had been taking his brief
vacations at this country inn.  The last time he'd finally managed an
affair with the innkeeper's daughter.  Looking forward to an exciting
few days, he dragged his suitcase up the stairs of the inn, then stopped
short.  There sat his lover with an infant on her lap!
	"Helen, why didn't you write when you learned you were pregnant?"
he cried.  "I would have rushed up here, we could have gotten married,
and the baby would have my name!"
	"Well," she said, "when my folks found out about my condition,
we sat up all night talkin' and talkin' and finally decided it would be
better to have a bastard in the family than a lawyer."


So much food, and so little time!


	The big problem with pornography is defining it.  You can't
just say it's pictures of people naked.  For example, you have these
primitive African tribes that exist by chasing the wildebeest on foot,
and they have to go around largely naked, because, as the old tribal
saying goes: "N'wam k'honi soit qui mali," which means, "If you think
you can catch a wildebeest in this climate and wear clothes at the same
time, then I have some beach front property in the desert region of
Northern Mali that you may be interested in."
	So it's not considered pornographic when National Geographic
publishes color photographs of these people hunting the wildebeest
naked, or pounding one rock onto another rock for some primitive reason
naked, or whatever.  But if National Geographic were to publish an
article entitled "The Girls of the California Junior College System
Hunt the Wildebeest Naked," some people would call it pornography.  But
others would not.  And still others, such as the Spectacularly Rev.
Jerry Falwell, would get upset about seeing the wildebeest naked.
		-- Dave Barry, "Pornography"


Everybody is somebody else's weirdo.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


This file will self-destruct in five minutes.


"... I should explain that I was wearing a black velvet cape that was
supposed to make me look like the dashing, romantic Zorro but which
actually made me look like a gigantic bat wearing glasses ..."
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wet Zorro Suit and Other Turning
		   Points in l'Amour"


There is hardly a thing in the world that some man can
not make a little worse and sell a little cheaper.


I am a friend of the working man, and I would rather be his friend
than be one.
		-- Clarence Darrow


The National Association of Theater Concessionaires reported that in
1986, 60% of all candy sold in movie theaters was sold to Roger Ebert.
		-- David Letterman


It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli


Nobody is one block of harmony.  We are all afraid of something, or feel
limited in something.  We all need somebody to talk to.  It would be good
if we talked to each other--not just pitter-patter, but real talk.  We
shouldn't be so afraid, because most people really like this contact;
that you show you are vulnerable makes them free to be vulnerable too.
It's so much easier to be together when we drop our masks.
		-- Liv Ullman


Absence makes the heart grow frantic.


The moon is a planet just like the Earth, only it is even deader.


Dear Ann Landers:
	I have a problem.  I have two brothers; one works for the Illinois
Bell Telephone Company, the other brother was just sentenced to death
in the electric chair for murder.  My mother died from insanity when
I was three years old.  My two sisters are prostitutes and my father
sells narcotics.
	I recently met girl who was just released from a reformatory where
she served time for smothering her illegitimate child to death.  I love
this girl and want to marry her.  My problem is this -- dare I tell her
about my brother who works for Illinois Bell?
		-- Confused


One of the first things school children in Texas learn is how to
compose a simple declarative sentence without the word "shit" in it.


In the force if Yoda's so strong, construct a sentence with words in
the proper order then why can't he?


She called her parakeet Onan, because he spilled his seed.
		-- Dorothy Parker


There once was a king who ruled his country long, wisely, and well.  The
king had a son whom he hoped would someday rule the land.  He also wished
in his heart that the son would be wise and compassionate.  One day he said
to the prince:
	"If you promised that you would give a certain woman anything, even
half of your kingdom, and then she demanded the life of your best friend,
what would your decision be, my son?"
	The young prince thought for a moment and then said, "I would tell
her that she was my best friend, and then cut off her head."
	The king knew that his son would be a great king.


[He] played the King as if afraid someone else might play the ace.
		-- Unattributed review of a performance of King Lear

My tears stuck in their little ducts, refusing to be jerked.
		-- Peter Stack, movie review

His performance is so wooden you want to spray him with Liquid Pledge.
		-- John Stark, movie review


I look at life as being cruise director on the Titanic.
I may not get there, but I'm going first class.
		-- Art Buchwald


Destiny is a good thing to accept when it's going your way. When it isn't,
don't call it destiny; call it injustice, treachery, or simple bad luck.
		-- Joseph Heller, "God Knows"


"Ah, you know the type.  They like to blame it all on the Jews or the
Blacks, 'cause if they couldn't, they'd have to wake up to the fact
that life's one big, scary, glorious, complex and ultimately
unfathomable crapshoot -- and the only reason THEY can't seem to keep
up is they're a bunch of misfits and losers."
		-- An analysis of Neo-Nazis, from "The Badger" comic


Chemist who falls in acid is absorbed in work.


	7,140	pounds on the Sun
	   97	pounds on Mercury or Mars
	  255	pounds on Earth
	  232	pounds on Venus or Uranus
	   43	pounds on the Moon
	  648	pounds on Jupiter
	  275	pounds on Saturn
	  303	pounds on Neptune
	   13	pounds on Pluto

		-- How much Elvis Presley would weigh at various places
		   in the solar system.


Hewett's Observation:
	The rudeness of a bureaucrat is inversely proportional to his or
	her position in the governmental hierarchy and to the number of
	peers similarly engaged.


The Commandments of the EE:

9:	Trifle thee not with radioactive tubes and substances lest thou
	commence to glow in the dark like a lightning bug, and thy wife be
	frustrated and have not further use for thee except for thy wages.
10:	Commit thou to memory all the words of the prophets which are
	written down in thy Bible which is the National Electrical Code,
	and giveth out with the straight dope and consoleth thee when
	thou hast suffered a ream job by the chief electrician.
11:	When thou muckest about with a device in an unthinking and/or
	unknowing manner, thou shalt keep one hand in thy pocket.  Better
	that thou shouldest keep both hands in thy pockets than
	experimentally determine the electrical potential of an
	innocent-seeming device.


If you meet somebody who tells you that he loves you more than anybody
in the whole wide world, don't trust him.  It means he experiments.


"Contrariwise," continued Tweedledee, "if it was so, it might be, and
if it were so, it would be; but as it isn't, it ain't.  That's logic!"
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


I went to the hardware store and bought some used paint.  It was in
the shape of a house.  I also bought some batteries, but they weren't
included.
		-- Steven Wright


What's on the floor of the old hen-house?
Doo-doo, doo-doo.
		-- Foghorn Leghorn, to "Camptown Ladies"


Pickle's Law:
	If Congress must do a painful thing,
	the thing must be done in an odd-number year.


Hacker's Quicky #313:
	Sour Cream -n- Onion Potato Chips
	Microwave Egg Roll
	Chocolate Milk


Password:


The man who laughs has not yet been told the terrible news.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


Conflicting research paradigms
Have legitimized various crimes.
	The worst we can see
	Is in psychology,
Measuring reaction times.


Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
		-- Lao Tsu


Meanehwael, baccat meaddehaele, monstaer lurccen;
Fulle few too many drincce, hie luccen for fyht.
[D]en Hreorfneorht[d]hwr, son of Hrwaerow[p]heororthwl,
AEsccen aewful jeork to steop outsyd.
[P]hud!  Bashe!  Crasch!  Beoom!  [D]e bigge gye
Eallum his bon brak, byt his nose offe;
Wicced Godsylla waeld on his asse.
Monstaer moppe fleor wy[p] eallum men in haelle.
Beowulf in bacceroome fonecall bemaccen waes;
Hearen sond of ruccus saed, "Hwaet [d]e helle?"
Graben sheold strang ond swich-blaed scharp
Sond feorth to fyht [d]e grimlic foe.
"Me," Godsylla saed, "mac [d]e minsemete."
Heoro cwyc geten heold wi[p] faemed half-nelson
Ond flyng him lic frisbe bac to fen.
Beowulf belly up to meaddehaele bar,
Saed, "Ne foe beaten mie faersom cung-fu."
Eorderen cocca-colha yce-coeld, [d]e reol [p]yng.


... Our second completely true news item was sent to me by Mr. H. Boyce
Connell, Jr. of Atlanta, Ga., where he is involved in a law firm.  One
thing I like about the South is, folks there care about tradition.  If
somebody gets handed a name like "H. Boyce," he hangs on to it, puts it
on his legal stationery, even passes it to his son, rather than do what
a lesser person would do, such as get it changed or kill himself.
		-- Dave Barry, "This Column is Nothing but the Truth!"


Against stupidity the very gods Themselves contend in vain.
		-- Friedrich von Schiller, "The Maid of Orleans", III, 6


Humorists always sit at the children's table.
		-- Woody Allen


It is all right to hold a conversation,
but you should let go of it now and then.
		-- Richard Armour


He who wonders discovers that this in itself is wonder.
		-- M. C. Escher


Excess on occasion is exhilarating.  It prevents moderation from
acquiring the deadening effect of a habit.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham


Nothing cures insomnia like the realization that it's time to get up.


You might like to know that I looked at a detailed map of NT, and I'm
now able to confirm that in all probability Microsoft NT does not
exist.  If it does, it's so small as to be completely insignificant.
		-- Greg Lehey


Hear me, my chiefs, I am tired; my heart is sick and sad.
From where the sun now stands I Will Fight No More Forever.
		-- Chief Joseph of the Nez Perce


If A = B and B = C, then A = C, except where void or prohibited by law.
		-- Roy Santoro


Ambition, n.:
	An ant crawling up an elephant's leg with rape on his mind.


Life being what it is, one dreams of revenge.
		-- Paul Gauguin


The only people for me are the mad ones -- the ones who are mad to live,
mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time,
the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn
like fabulous yellow Roman candles.
		-- Jack Kerouac, "On the Road"


Even a man who is pure at heart,
And says his prayers at night
Can become a wolf when the wolfbane blooms,
And the moon is full and bright.
		-- The Wolf Man, 1941


	Concerning the war in Vietnam, Senator George Aiken of Vermont noted
in January, 1966, "I'm not very keen for doves or hawks.  I think we need more
owls."
		-- Bill Adler, "The Washington Wits"


All business is based on the mutual trust of one of the parts.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


The honest female orgasm is three to fifteen rhythmic contractions of the
outer third of the vagina at .8 second intervals, which is approximately
the beat of "Surfing Safari" by the Beach Boys.  Unless these contractions
occur, you can regard her groaning, moaning, clawing, kicking, begging for
mercy, and shouting filthy religious epithets as bargain-basement histrionics.
		-- John Hughes, National Lampoon


The louder he talked of his honour, the faster we counted our spoons.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


The only thing we learn from history is that we learn nothing from
history.
		-- Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel

I know guys can't learn from yesterday ... Hegel must be taking the
long view.
		-- John Brunner, "Stand on Zanzibar"


	The FIELD GUIDE to NORTH AMERICAN MALES

SPECIES:	Cranial Males
SUBSPECIES:	The Hacker (homo computatis)
Description:
	Gangly and frail, the hacker has a high forehead and thinning hair.
	Head disproportionately large and crooked forward, complexion wan and
	sightly gray from CRT illumination.  He has heavy black-rimmed glasses
	and a look of intense concentration, which may be due to a software
	problem or to a pork-and-bean breakfast.
Feathering:
	HOMO COMPUTATIS saw a Brylcreem ad fifteen years ago and believed it.
	Consequently, crest is greased down, except for the cowlick.
Song:
	A rather plaintive "Is it up?"


"We're not talking about the same thing," he said. "For you the world is
weird because if you're not bored with it you're at odds with it. For me
the world is weird because it is stupendous, awesome, mysterious,
unfathomable; my interest has been to convince you that you must accept
responsibility for being here, in this marvelous world, in this marvelous
desert, in this marvelous time.  I wanted to convince you that you must
learn to make every act count, since you are going to be here for only a
short while, in fact, too short for witnessing all the marvels of it."
		-- Don Juan


A person who has both feet planted firmly in the air can be safely
called a liberal.


Reappraisal, n.:
	An abrupt change of mind after being found out.


Has everyone noticed that all the letters of the word "database" are typed
with the left hand?  Now the layout of the QWERTYUIOP typewriter keyboard
was designed, among other things, to facilitate the even use of both hands.
It follows, therefore, that writing about databases is not only unnatural,
but a lot harder than it appears.


Menu, n.:
	A list of dishes which the restaurant has just run out of.


The Official MBA Handbook on the use of sunlamps:

	Use a sunlamp only on weekends.  That way, if the office wise guy
	remarks on the sudden appearance of your tan, you can fabricate
	some story about a sun-stroked weekend at some island Shangri-La
	like Caneel Bay.  Nothing is more transparent than leaving the
	office at 11:45 on a Tuesday night, only to return an Aztec sun
	god at 8:15 the next morning.


...the heat come 'round and busted me for smiling on a cloudy day.


Sum quod eris.


A new lumberjack had just finished his first month in the lonely wilds of
Alaska, where there were no women for miles.  He finally couldn't take it
anymore and nervously asked the foreman what the other men did to relieve
the pressure.
	"Try the hole in the barrel outside the shower," suggested the
foreman.  "The other men swear by it."
	The lumberjack dubiously tried it out and had the experience of
his life.  "That barrel is fantastic!  Warm!  Wet!  I'm going to use it
every day!"
	"Every day but the third Wednesday of the month," one of the
other men replied.
	"Why not then?"
	"That's your day in the barrel."


Evening hours "all clear" for romance!
(Tell mate you have to work late.)


Yes, but every time I try to see things your way, I get a headache.


I heard there was a lot of sex on television these days,
but when I tried it I kept falling off.


You will be attacked by a beast who has the body of a wolf, the tail of
a lion, and the face of Donald Duck.


Business will be either better or worse.
		-- Calvin Coolidge


What's this stuff about people being "released on their
own recognizance"?  Aren't we all out on own recognizance?


Academic politics is the most vicious and bitter form of politics,
because the stakes are so low.
		-- Wallace Sayre


Falling in love is a lot like dying.
You never get to do it enough to become good at it.


You will be held hostage by a radical group.


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"You can demonstrate a program for a corporate executive, but you
	can't make him computer literate."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(4) Peace does not mean the absence of war.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Conservative, n.:
	A statesman who is enamored of existing evils, as distinguished
	from the Liberal who wishes to replace them with others.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


When a woman gives me a present I have always two surprises:
first is the present, and afterward, having to pay for it.
		-- Donnay


Maintainer's Motto:
	If we can't fix it, it ain't broke.


To be loved is very demoralizing.
		-- Katharine Hepburn


Teen-age prostitution: the problem is mounting!


It's not the men in my life, but the life in my men that counts.
		-- Mae West


There are three things men can do with women:
love them, suffer for them, or turn them into literature.
		-- Stephen Stills


You should emulate your heros, but don't carry it too far.  Especially
if they are dead.


Man is an animal that makes bargains: no other animal does this--
no dog exchanges bones with another.
		-- Adam Smith


A method of solution is perfect if we can foresee from the start,
and even prove, that following that method we shall attain our aim.
		-- Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz


Save Soviet Jewry -- Win Valuable Prizes!!!!


If the very old will remember, the very young will listen.
		-- Chief Dan George


For knighthood is not in the feats of war,
As for to fight in quarrel right or wrong,
But in a cause which truth cannot defer:
He ought himself for to make sure and strong,
Just to keep mixt with mercy among:
And no quarrel a knight ought to take
But for a truth, or for the common's sake.
		-- Stephen Hawes


