Once you come out as a Pagan bisexual married leatherdyke,
the rest of life is that much easier.


It is better to kiss an avocado than to get in a fight with an aardvark.


Q:	Why do dogs lick their private parts?
A:	Because they can.


Have you noticed that all you need to grow healthy,
vigorous grass is a crack in your sidewalk?


Where, oh, where, are you tonight?
Why did you leave me here all alone?
I searched the world over, and I thought I'd found true love.
You met another, and *PPHHHLLLBBBBTTT*, you wuz gone.

Gloom, despair and agony on me.
Deep dark depression, excessive misery.
If it weren't for bad luck, I'd have no luck at all.
Oh, gloom, despair and agony on me.
		-- Hee Haw


Dibble's First Law of Sociology:
	Some do, some don't.


The black bear used to be one of the most commonly seen large animals
because in Yosemite and Sequoia national parks they lived off of garbage
and tourist handouts.  This bear has learned to open car doors in
Yosemite, where damage to automobiles caused by bears runs into the tens
of thousands of dollars a year.  Campaigns to bearproof all garbage
containers in wild areas have been difficult, because as one biologist
put it, "There is a considerable overlap between the intelligence levels
of the smartest bears and the dumbest tourists."


The one charm of marriage is that it makes a life of deception a necessity.
		-- Oscar Wilde


		The Snack
Oh my God, screamed Mommy, You went and ate the Baby.

What baby? asked Daddy.  You know that's just the last of the leftover donkey.

Donkey, my ass! said Mommy with some sentience.  Do you think I don't
	recognize my own baby?  Why I can still see his little privates
	caught in the gap between your front teeth.  How many times have
	I told you to take only what's on the *top* two shelves of the freezer?

But there wasn't a thing to eat, cried Daddy.
	And am I not the master of my own?

Nothing to eat?
	What about the elephant testicles in aspic that I put up for you
	just last week in the ball jar?  Our very first baby, too, wailed
	Mommy, that I was saving for Christmas dinner.

Testicles, testicles, said Daddy.  A man gets tired of testicles.
		-- L.L. Zeiger


The sex life of spiders is very interesting.
He fucks her.
She bites his head off.
		-- From a Women's Lib Poster


What they said:
	What they meant:

"You will be fortunate if you can get him to work for you."
	(We certainly never succeeded.)
There is no other employee with whom I can adequately compare him.
	(Well, our rats aren't really employees...)
"Success will never spoil him."
	(Well, at least not MUCH more.)
"One usually comes away from him with a good feeling."
	(And such a sigh of relief.)
"His dissertation is the sort of work you don't expect to see these days;
in it he has definitely demonstrated his complete capabilities."
	(And his IQ, as well.)
"He should go far."
	(The farther the better.)
"He will take full advantage of his staff."
	(He even has one of them mowing his lawn after work.)


Q:	How can you tell the bride at a WASP wedding?
A:	She's the one kissing the golden retriever.


Your supervisor is thinking about you.


God did not create the world in seven days; he screwed around for six
days and then pulled an all-nighter.


Pie are not square.  Pie are round.  Cornbread are square.


You can't carve your way to success without cutting remarks.


Biz is better.


Commoner's three laws of ecology:
	1) No action is without side-effects.
	2) Nothing ever goes away.
	3) There is no free lunch.


Nice computers don't go down.


If a nation values anything more than freedom, it will lose its freedom;
and the irony of it is that if it is comfort or money it values more, it
will lose that, too.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham


Never tell people how to do things.  Tell them WHAT to
do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.
		-- Gen. George S. Patton, Jr.


Seems this guy notices a young nun sitting on the bus; through her heavy veil
he just spots a glimmer of her face.  Gorgeous!  She moves, and her vestments
cannot hide the fact she has a truly phenomenal body.  The guy gets more and
more excited until he finally approaches the nun and tells "Sister, please
believe me, I don't normally do this sort of thing, but I think I love you.
Could we maybe talk?"
	The nun almost runs off the bus.  As the young man's stop comes up,
the bus driver asks the guy if he was the person bothering the nun.  The man
starts apologizing, but the bus driver interrupts him.  "No, don't apologize,
I was checking her out myself.  Listen, you see where she got on?  She goes
there every day, to a little park.  Why don't you meet here there?"
	Sure enough, the man goes to the park the next day and there's the nun
in a secluded grove of trees.  He approaches her, and she seems, although shy,
much more willing to talk.  After an hour of cautious talk, he asks her if
she'd be willing to make love with him.  She blushes, smiles, blushes again
and says "yes".  But that she doesn't dare risk getting pregnant, so it would
have to be the "back door".
	As they start to make love, the young man is overcome with guilt;
panting, he says, "Sister, I have to tell you, I'm the guy who was annoying
you on the bus yesterday.
	Replies the nun, "Well, that's okay.  I'm not really a nun.  I'm
actually the bus driver."


"You are old," said the youth, "and your jaws are too weak
	For anything tougher than suet;
Yet you finished the goose, with the bones and the beak --
	Pray, how did you manage to do it?"

"In my youth," said his father, "I took to the law,
	And argued each case with my wife;
And the muscular strength which it gave to my jaw,
	Has lasted the rest of my life."
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


In the beginning was the word.
But by the time the second word was added to it,
there was trouble.
For with it came syntax ...
		-- John Simon


Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious.
		-- Oscar Wilde


True happiness will be found only in true love.


A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.


Systems programmer:
	A person in sandals who has been in the elevator with the senior
	vice president and is ultimately responsible for a phone call you
	are to receive from your boss.


I do enjoy a good long walk -- especially when my wife takes one.


	"I think my wife may be getting somewhat overweight.
	"Oh, how can you tell?"
	"Well, last night when she sat on my face, I couldn't
hear the stereo."


At the end of your life there'll be a good rest,
and no further activities are scheduled.


MARTA SAYS THE INTERESTING thing about fly-fishing is that its two lives
connected by a thin strand.

Come on, Marta, grow up.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Don't abandon hope: your Tom Mix decoder ring arrives tomorrow.


	The doctor had just finished giving the young man a thorough
physical examination.  "The best thing for you to do," the M.D. said,
"is give up drinking, give up smoking, get to bed early and stay away
from women."
	"Doc, I don't deserve the best," pleaded his patient.  "What's
second best?"


The penalty for laughing in a courtroom is six months in jail; if it
were not for this penalty, the jury would never hear the evidence.
		-- H. L. Mencken


The default Magic Word, "Abracadabra", actually is a corruption of the
Hebrew phrase "ha-Bracha dab'ra" which means "pronounce the blessing".


History repeats itself only if one does not listen the first time.


Fourth Law of Revision:
	It is usually impractical to worry beforehand about
	interferences -- if you have none, someone will make one
	for you.


I don't mind going nowhere as long as it's an interesting path.
		-- Ronald Mabbitt


The most unsatisfactory men are those who pride themselves on their
virility and regard sex as if it were some form of athletics at which
you win cups. It is a woman's spirit and mood which a man has to
stimulate in order to make sex interesting.  The real lover is the
man who can thrill you by just touching your head or smiling into
your eyes - or just by staring into space.
		-- Marilyn Monroe


...an experienced, industrious, ambitious, and quite often
picturesque liar.
		-- Mark Twain


			Get GUMMed
			--- ------
The Gurus of Unix Meeting of Minds (GUMM) takes place Wednesday, April
1, 2076 (check THAT in your perpetual calendar program), 14 feet above
the ground directly in front of the Milpitas Gumps.  Members will grep
each other by the hand (after intro), yacc a lot, smoke filtered
chroots in pipes, chown with forks, use the wc (unless uuclean), fseek
nice zombie processes, strip, and sleep, but not, we hope, od.  Three
days will be devoted to discussion of the ramifications of whodo.  Two
seconds have been allotted for a complete rundown of all the user-
friendly features of Unix.  Seminars include "Everything You Know is
Wrong", led by Tom Kempson, "Batman or Cat:man?" led by Richie Dennis
"cc C?  Si!  Si!" led by Kerwin Bernighan, and "Document Unix, Are You
Kidding?" led by Jan Yeats.  No Reader Service No. is necessary because
all GUGUs (Gurus of Unix Group of Users) already know everything we
could tell them.
		-- Dr. Dobb's Journal, June '84


Imagine that Cray computer decides to make a personal computer.  It has
a 150 MHz processor, 200 megabytes of RAM, 1500 megabytes of disk
storage, a screen resolution of 4096 x 4096 pixels, relies entirely on
voice recognition for input, fits in your shirt pocket and costs $300.
What's the first question that the computer community asks?

"Is it PC compatible?"


It seems appropriate to me that Mapplethorpe's perverse images should
be situated so close to Congress, which perpetuates a number of
unnatural acts upon the body politic every day, without benefit of
artificial lubrication or foreplay.
		-- Pat Calafia's review of Camille Paglia's
		   "Sex, Art and American Culture"


	There was once a programmer who worked upon microprocessors.  "Look at
how well off I am here," he said to a mainframe programmer who came to visit,
"I have my own operating system and file storage device.  I do not have to
share my resources with anyone.  The software is self-consistent and
easy-to-use.  Why do you not quit your present job and join me here?"
	The mainframe programmer then began to describe his system to his
friend, saying: "The mainframe sits like an ancient sage meditating in the
midst of the data center.  Its disk drives lie end-to-end like a great ocean
of machinery.  The software is a multi-faceted as a diamond and as convoluted
as a primeval jungle.  The programs, each unique, move through the system
like a swift-flowing river.  That is why I am happy where I am."
	The microcomputer programmer, upon hearing this, fell silent.  But the
two programmers remained friends until the end of their days.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


f u cn rd ths, u cn gt a gd jb n cmptr prgrmmng.


Come live with me and be my love,
And we will some new pleasures prove
Of golden sands and crystal brooks
With silken lines, and silver hooks.
There's nothing that I wouldn't do
If you would be my POSSLQ.

You live with me, and I with you,
And you will be my POSSLQ.
I'll be your friend and so much more;
That's what a POSSLQ is for.

And everything we will confess;
Yes, even to the IRS.
Some day on what we both may earn,
Perhaps we'll file a joint return.
You'll share my pad, my taxes, joint;
You'll share my life - up to a point!
And that you'll be so glad to do,
Because you'll be my POSSLQ.


Women who want to be equal to men lack imagination
		-- Graffito in a women's restroom


Time washes clean
Love's wounds unseen.
That's what someone told me;
But I don't know what it means.
		-- Linda Ronstadt, "Long Long Time"


The annual meeting of the "You Have To Listen To Experience" Club is now in
session.  Our Achievement Awards this year are in the fields of publishing,
advertising and industry.  For best consistent contribution in the field of
publishing our award goes to editor, R. L. K., [...] for his unrivaled alle-
giance without variation to the statement: "Personally I'd love to do it,
we'd ALL love to do it.  But we're not going to do it.  It's not the kind of
book our house knows how to handle."  Our superior performance award in the
field of advertising goes to media executive, E. L. M., [...] for the continu-
ally creative use of the old favorite: "I think what you've got here could be
very exciting.  Why not give it one more try based on the approach I've out-
lined and see if you can come up with something fresh."  Our final award for
courageous holding action in the field of industry goes to supervisor, R. S.,
[...] for her unyielding grip on "I don't care if they fire me, I've been
arguing for a new approach for YEARS but are we SURE that this is the right
time--"  I would like to conclude this meeting with a verse written specially
for our prospectus by our founding president fifty years ago -- and now, as
then, fully expressive of the emotion most close to all our hearts --
	Treat freshness as a youthful quirk,
		And dare not stray to ideas new,
	For if t'were tried they might e'en work
		And for a living what woulds't we do?


You see that fucking fish?
If he'd kept his mouth shut, he wouldn'ta got caught.
		-- Sam Giancana


Philadelphia flying fuck, n.:
	Okay, see, he hangs from a chin-up bar with his feet on the arms
	of the rocking chair.  She crouches in the rocking chair pleasuring
	him orally.

	[Note: Personally, we've never tried this.  If you have, or if
	you do, please inform us of the results at Fortune, Box 1597,
	Rockville IL.  Thank you.  Ed.]


Everyone knows that dragons don't exist.  But while this simplistic
formulation may satisfy the layman, it does not suffice for the
scientific mind.  The School of Higher Neantical Nillity is in fact
wholly unconcerned with what _d_o_e_s exist.  Indeed, the banality of
existence has been so amply demonstrated, there is no need for us to
discuss it any further here.  The brilliant Cerebron, attacking the
problem analytically, discovered three distinct kinds of dragon: the
mythical, the chimerical, and the purely hypothetical.  They were all,
one might say, nonexistent, but each nonexisted in an entirely
different way ...
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


You are false data.


The urge to gamble is so universal and its practice so pleasurable
that I assume it must be evil.
		-- Heywood Broun


Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Q:	What's buried in Grant's tomb?
A:	A corpse.


What, still alive at twenty-two,
A clean upstanding chap like you?
Sure, if your throat 'tis hard to slit,
Slit your girl's, and swing for it.
Like enough, you won't be glad,
When they come to hang you, lad:
But bacon's not the only thing
That's cured by hanging from a string.
So, when the spilt ink of the night
Spreads o'er the blotting pad of light,
Lads whose job is still to do
Shall whet their knives, and think of you.
		-- Hugh Kingsmill


There is a great discovery still to be made in Literature:
that of paying literary men by the quantity they do NOT write.


The reason computer chips are so small is computers don't eat much.


I think, therefore I am... I think.


You are so boring that when I see you my feet go to sleep.


An expert is a person who avoids the small errors
as he sweeps on to the grand fallacy.
		-- Benjamin Stolberg


Brace yourselves.  We're about to try something that borders on the
unique: an actually rather serious technical book which is not only
(gasp) vehemently anti-Solemn, but also (shudder) takes sides.  I tend
to think of it as `Constructive Snottiness.'
		-- Mike Padlipsky, Foreword to "Elements of Networking
		   Style"


Well, God gave me a bust.  What am I supposed to do with it?
		-- Martha Mitchell


Yes, but which self do you want to be?


Hear about...
	the woman who claimed that two martinis usually made her
	feel like a new man?


Don't look back, the lemmings might be gaining on you.


If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail.
		-- Maslow


There isn't room enough in this dress for both of us!


Your wig steers the gig.
		-- Lord Buckley


An Hacker there was, one of the finest sort
Who controlled the system; graphics was his sport.
A manly man, to be a wizard able;
Many a protected file he had sitting on his table.
His console, when he typed, a man might hear
Clicking and feeping wind as clear,
Aye, and as loud as does the machine room bell
Where my lord Hacker was Prior of the cell.
The Rule of good St Savage or St Doeppnor
As old and strict he tended to ignore;
He let go by the things of yesterday
And took the modern world's more spacious way.
He did not rate that text as a plucked hen
Which says that Hackers are not holy men.
And that a hacker underworked is a mere
Fish out of water, flapping on the pier.
That is to say, a hacker out of his cloister.
That was a text he held not worth an oyster.
And I agreed and said his views were sound;
Was he to study till his head wend round
Poring over books in the cloisters?  Must he toil
As Andy bade and till the very soil?
Was he to leave the world upon the shelf?
Let Andy have his labor to himself!
		-- Chaucer
		   [well, almost.  Ed.]


'Twas the night before Christmas -- the very last one --
When the blazing of lasers destroyed all our fun.
Just as Santa had lifted off, driving his sleigh,
A satellite spotted him making his way.
The Star Wars Defense System -- Reagan's desire
Was ready for action, and started to fire!
The laser beams criss-crossed and lit up the sky
Like a fireworks show on the Fourth of July.
I'd just finished wrapping the last of the toys
When out of my chimney there came a great noise.
I looked to the fireplace, hoping to see
St. Nick bringing presents for missus and me.
But what I saw next was disturbing and shocking:
A flaming red jacket setting fire to my stocking!
Charred reindeer remains and a melted sleigh-bell;
Outside burning toys like confetti they fell.
So now you know, children, why Christmas is gone:
The Star Wars computer had got something wrong.
Only programmed for battle, it hadn't a heart;
'Twas hardly a chance it would work from the start.
It couldn't be tested, and no one could tell,
If the crazy contraption would work very well.
So after a trillion or two had been spent
The system thought Santa a Red missile sent.
So kids dry your tears now, and get off to bed,
There won't be a Christmas -- since Santa is dead.


If your mother knew what you're doing,
she'd probably hang her head and cry.


Only those who leisurely approach that which the masses are
busy about can be busy about that which the masses take leisurely.
		-- Lao Tsu


Just once I would like to persuade the audience not to wear any article of
blue denim.  If only they could see themselves in a pair of brown corduroys
like mine instead of this awful, boring blue denim.  I don't enjoy the sky
or sea as much as I used to because of this Levi character.  If Jesus Christ
came back today, He and I would get into our brown corduroys and go to the
nearest jean store and overturn the racks of blue denim.  Then we'd get
crucified in the morning.
		-- Ian Anderson, of Jethro Tull


The man and woman make love, attain climax, fall separate.  Then she
whispers, "I'll tell you who I was thinking of if you tell me who you
were thinking of."  Like most sex jokes the origins of the pleasant
exchange are obscure.  But whatever the source, it seldom fails to evoke
a certain awful recognition.
		-- Gore Vidal, "New York Review of Books"


	In what can only be described as a surprise move, God has officially
announced His candidacy for the U.S. presidency.  During His press conference
today, the first in over 4000 years, He is quoted as saying, "I think I have
a chance for the White House if I can just get my campaign pulled together
in time.  I'd like to get this country turned around; I mean REALLY turned
around!  Let's put Florida up north for awhile, and let's get rid of all
those annoying mountains and rivers.  I never could stand them!"
	There apparently is still some controversy over the Almighty's
citizenship and other qualifications for the Presidency.  God replied to
these charges by saying, "Come on, would the United States have anyone other
than a citizen bless their country?"


The world's great men have not commonly been great scholars,
nor its great scholars great men.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


An honest politician is one who when he is bought will stay bought.
		-- Simon Cameron

There are honest journalists like there are honest politicians.  When
bought they stay bought.
		-- Bill Moyers


Some say the world will end in fire,
Some say in ice.
From what I've tasted of desire
I hold with those who favor fire.
But if it had to perish twice
I think I know enough of hate
To say that for destruction, ice
Is also great
And would suffice
		-- Robert Frost, "Fire and Ice"


When the Universe was not so out of whack as it is today, and all the
stars were lined up in their proper places, you could easily count them
from left to right, or top to bottom, and the larger and bluer ones
were set apart, and the smaller yellowing types pushed off to the
corners as bodies of a lower grade ...
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


What's so funny?


Any man who hates dogs and babies can't be all bad.
		-- Leo Rosten, on W. C. Fields


If the church put in half the time on covetousness that it does on lust,
this would be a better world.
		-- Garrison Keillor, "Lake Wobegon Days"


It's hard to think of you as the end
result of millions of years of evolution.


I've finally found the perfect girl,
I couldn't ask for more,
She's deaf and dumb and over-sexed,
And owns a liquor store.


