Somewhere, just out of sight, the unicorns are gathering.


A truly wise woman never plays leapfrog with a unicorn.


Murphy was an optimist.


Lost interest?  It's so bad I've lost apathy.


In Corning, Iowa, it's a misdemeanor for a man to ask his wife to ride
in any motor vehicle.


Special tonight, the best toot in town at prices you won't believe!!
Also, the finest dope, brought all the way from Columbia by spirited
young adventurers.  All available tonight, as usual, in the graduate
students bullpen from 11: pm on, usual terms and conditions.
Faculty members especially welcome.


I don't care how poor and inefficient a little country is; they like to
run their own business.  I know men that would make my wife a better
husband than I am; but, darn it, I'm not going to give her to 'em.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


Those of you who think you know it all upset those of us who do.


I am not now, nor have I ever been, a member of the demigodic party.
		-- Dennis M. Ritchie


In breeding cattle you need one bull for every twenty-five cows, unless
the cows are known sluts.
		-- Johnny Carson


Here's to women.  Would that we could fall into her arms without falling
into her hands.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


It is up to us to produce better-quality movies.
		-- Lloyd Kaufman,
		   producer of "Stuff Stephanie in the Incinerator"


/* Haley */

	(Haley's comment.)


As many of you know, I am taking a class here at UNC on Personality.
One of the tests to determine personality in our book was so incredibly
useful and interesting, I just had to share it.

Answer each of the following items "true" or "false"

 1. I salivate at the sight of mittens.
 2. If I go into the street, I'm apt to be bitten by a horse.
 3. Some people never look at me.
 4. Spinach makes me feel alone.
 5. My sex life is A-okay.
 6. When I look down from a high spot, I want to spit.
 7. I like to kill mosquitoes.
 8. Cousins are not to be trusted.
 9. It makes me embarrassed to fall down.
10. I get nauseous from too much roller skating.
11. I think most people would cry to gain a point.
12. I cannot read or write.
13. I am bored by thoughts of death.
14. I become homicidal when people try to reason with me.
15. I would enjoy the work of a chicken flicker.
16. I am never startled by a fish.
17. My mother's uncle was a good man.
18. I don't like it when somebody is rotten.
19. People who break the law are wise guys.
20. I have never gone to pieces over the weekend.


No matter how subtle the wizard, a knife in the shoulder blades will seriously
cramp his style.


Man is a rational animal who always loses his temper when he is called upon
to act in accordance with the dictates of reason.
		-- Oscar Wilde


QOTD:
	"I used to get high on life but lately I've built up a resistance."


Q:	Do you think the idea of "one tool doing one job" has been
	abandoned? ...
A:	Those days are dead and gone and the eulogy was delivered by
	Perl.
		-- Rob Pike


My only love sprung from my only hate!
Too early seen unknown, and known too late!
		-- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet"


Ah say, son, you're about as sharp as a bowlin' ball.


Here's to the woman beautiful and divine
she flowers every month bears fruit every nine
she's the only creature 'tween heaven and hell
can get the juice from a nut without cracking the shell.


Who on earth would eat a charred caterpillar!?
No, no, you SINGE 'em!  You SINGE 'em and eat 'em!


The end of the world will occur at 3:00 p.m., this Friday, with
symposium to follow.


A prisoner of war is a man who tries to kill you and fails, and then
asks you not to kill him.
		-- Sir Winston Churchill, 1952


How is the world ruled, and how do wars start?  Diplomats tell lies to
journalists, and they believe what they read.
		-- Karl Kraus, "Aphorisms and More Aphorisms"


Kiss your keyboard goodbye!


A Law of Computer Programming:
	Make it possible for programmers to write in English
	and you will find that programmers cannot write in English.


Stockmayer's Theorem:
	If it looks easy, it's tough.
	If it looks tough, it's damn well impossible.


"Last night,"  said a lassie named Ruth,
"In a long-distance telephone booth,
	I enjoyed the perfection
	Of an ideal connection --
I was screwed, if you must know the truth."


What is a magician but a practicing theorist?
		-- Obi-Wan Kenobi


The bugs you have to avoid are the ones that give the user not only
the inclination to get on a plane, but also the time.
		-- Kay Bostic


Sometimes, at the end of the day, when I'm
smiling and shaking their hands, I want to kick them.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


He gave her a look that you could have poured on a waffle.


If everything on the road of life seems to
be coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.


You got to be very careful if you don't know
where you're going, because you might not get there.
		-- Yogi Berra


I hate it when my foot falls asleep during the day cause that means
it's going to be up all night.
		-- Steven Wright


There's only one way to have a happy marriage
and as soon as I learn what it is I'll get married again.
		-- Clint Eastwood


To a Californian, all New Yorkers are cold; even in heat they rarely go
above fifty-eight degrees.  If you collapse on a street in New York, plan
to spend a few days there.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


Millions of sensible people are too high-minded to concede that politics is
almost always the choice of the lesser evil.  "Tweedledum and Tweedledee,"
they say.  "I will not vote."  Having abstained, they are presented with a
President who appoints the people who are going to rummage around in their
lives for the next four years.  Consider all the people who sat home in a
stew in 1968 rather than vote for Hubert Humphrey.  They showed Humphrey.
Those people who taught Hubert Humphrey a lesson will still be enjoying the
Nixon Supreme Court when Tricia and Julie begin to find silver threads among
the gold and the black.
		-- Russel Baker, "Ford without Flummery"


Anger kills as surely as the other vices.


Still looking for the glorious results of my misspent youth.
Say, do you have a map to the next joint?


Wernher von Braun settled for a V-2 when he coulda had a V-8.


Say no, then negotiate.
		-- Helga


Stamp out organized crime!!  Abolish the IRS.


The Reverend Henry Ward Beecher
Called a hen a most elegant creature.
	The hen, pleased with that,
	Laid an egg in his hat --
And thus did the hen reward Beecher.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


Whenever anyone says, "theoretically," they really mean "not really".
		-- Dave Parnas


And having stretched me out upon his bed with my head a little to one side,
he sat down next to me and raised my head upon his lap.  He peered avidly at
me, his eyes seemed ready to devour the secretion oozing from my nose.  "Oh,
the pretty little snotface," said he, beginning to pant, "How I'm going to
suck her."  Therewith bending down over me, and taking my nose in his mouth,
not only did he devour all the mucus between my nose and mouth, but he even
lewdly darted the tip of his tongue into each of my nostrils, one after the
other, and with such cleverness he provoked two or three sneezes which
redoubled the flow he desired and was consuming so hungrily.  But ask me for
no details bearing upon this fellow, Messieurs, nothing appeared, and whether
because he did nothing, or because he did it all in his drawers, there was
nothing to be seen, and amidst the multitude of his kisses and lecherous
lickings there was nothing outstanding which might have denoted an ecstasy,
and consequently it is my opinion that he did not discharge.  All my clothes
were in place, even his hands stayed still, and I give you my word that this
old libertine's fantasy might be performed upon the world's most respectable
and least initiated girl without her being able to suppose there was anything
lewd in it at all.
		-- Marquis de Sade


	The devout Jew was beside himself because his son had been dating
a shiksa, so he went to visit his rabbi.  The rabbi listened solemnly to
his problem, took his hand, and said, "Pray to God."
	So the Jew went to the synagogue, bowed his head, and prayed, "God,
please help me.  My son, my favorite son, he's going to marry a shiksa, he
sees nothing but goyim..."
	"Your son," boomed down this voice from the heavens, "you think
you got problems.  What about my son?"


Philadelphia flying fuck, n.:
	Okay, see, he hangs from a chin-up bar with his feet on the arms
	of the rocking chair.  She crouches in the rocking chair pleasuring
	him orally.

	[Note: Personally, we've never tried this.  If you have, or if
	you do, please inform us of the results at Fortune, Box 1597,
	Rockville IL.  Thank you.  Ed.]


No one so thoroughly appreciates the value of constructive criticism as the
one who's giving it.
		-- Hal Chadwick


Toothpaste never hurts the taste of good scotch.


Try to divide your time evenly to keep others happy.


Democracy can only be measured on the existence of an opposition.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Remember, God could only create the world in 6 days because he didn't
have an established user base.


Hear about...
	the ultimate in singles bars.  It's a place where girls have
	to show their I.U.D.'s to be admitted?


When a man steals your wife, there is no better revenge than to let him
keep her.
		-- Sacha Guitry


Kramer's Law:
	You can never tell which way the train went by looking at the tracks.


Nietzsche is pietzsche, Goethe is murder.


Filibuster, n.:
	Throwing your wait around.


Mike:	"The Fourth Dimension is a shambles?"
Bernie:	"Nobody ever empties the ashtrays.  People are SO
	inconsiderate."
		-- Gary Trudeau, "Doonesbury"


And as we stand on the edge of darkness
Let our chant fill the void
That others may know

	In the land of the night
	The ship of the sun
	Is drawn by
	The grateful dead.
		-- Tibetan "Book of the Dead," ca. 4000 BC.


The lunatic, the lover, and the poet,
Are of imagination all compact...
		-- William Shakespeare, "A Midsummer Night's Dream"


Matter will be damaged in direct proportion to its value.


Weed's Axiom:
	Never ask two questions in a business letter.
	The reply will discuss the one in which you are
	least interested and say nothing about the other.


It is equally bad when one speeds on the guest unwilling to go, and when he
holds back one who is hastening.  Rather one should befriend the guest who
is there, but speed him when he wishes.
		-- Homer, "The Odyssey"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to scheduling.]


So she went into the garden to cut a cabbage leaf to make an apple pie; and
at the same time a great she-bear, coming up the street pops its head into
the shop. "What! no soap?"  So he died, and she very imprudently married
the barber; and there were present the Picninnies, and the Grand Panjandrum
himself, with the little round button at top, and they all fell to playing
the game of catch as catch can, till the gunpowder ran out at the heels of
their boots.
		-- Samuel Foote


Rembrandt is not to be compared in the painting of character with our
extraordinarily gifted English artist, Mr. Rippingille.
		-- John Hunt, British editor, scholar and art critic
		   Cerf/Navasky, "The Experts Speak"


Center meeting at 4pm in 2C-543.


She was only a moonshiner's daughter, but I love her still.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(26) The only difference between Mikhail Gorbachev and previous Soviet
     leaders is that he is alive.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Any program which runs right is obsolete.


Chihuahuas drive me crazy.  I can't stand anything that
shivers when it's warm.


To err is humor.


Paranoid schizophrenics outnumber their enemies at least two to one.


	Driving through a Swiss city one day, Alfred Hitchcock suddenly
pointed out of the car window and said, "That is the most frightening
sight I have ever seen."  His companion was surprised to see nothing
more alarming than a priest in conversation with a little boy, his hand
on the child's shoulder.  "Run, little boy," cried Hitchcock, leaning
out of the car.  "Run for your life!"


Secretary's Revenge:
	Filing almost everything under "the".


If opportunity came disguised as temptation, one knock would be enough.


Democracy is a device that insures we shall be governed no better than
we deserve.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Time washes clean
Love's wounds unseen.
That's what someone told me;
But I don't know what it means.
		-- Linda Ronstadt, "Long Long Time"


No amount of careful planning will ever replace dumb luck.


"I'm dying," he croaked.
"My experiment was a success," the chemist retorted.
"You can't really train a beagle," he dogmatized.
"That's no beagle, it's a mongrel," she muttered.
"The fire is going out," he bellowed.
"Bad marksmanship," the hunter groused.
"You ought to see a psychiatrist," he reminded me.
"You snake," she rattled.
"Someone's at the door," she chimed.
"Company's coming," she guessed.
"Dawn came too soon," she mourned.
"I think I'll end it all," Sue sighed.
"I ordered chocolate, not vanilla," I screamed.
"Your embroidery is sloppy," she needled cruelly.
"Where did you get this meat?" he bridled hoarsely.
		-- Gyles Brandreth, "The Joy of Lex"


What we Are is God's give to us.
What we Become is our gift to God.


University politics are vicious precisely because the stakes are so small.
		-- Henry Kissinger


X windows:
	The ultimate bottleneck.
	Flawed beyond belief.
	The only thing you have to fear.
	Somewhere between chaos and insanity.
	On autopilot to oblivion.
	The joke that kills.
	A disgrace you can be proud of.
	A mistake carried out to perfection.
	Belongs more to the problem set than the solution set.
	To err is X windows.
	Ignorance is our most important resource.
	Complex nonsolutions to simple nonproblems.
	Built to fall apart.
	Nullifying centuries of progress.
	Falling to new depths of inefficiency.
	The last thing you need.
	The de facto substandard.

Elevating brain damage to an art form.
	X windows.


Zero Mostel: That's it baby!  When you got it, flaunt it!  Flaunt it!
		-- Mel Brooks, "The Producers"


If Ricky Schroder and Gary Coleman had a fight on television with
pool cues, who would win?
	1) Ricky Schroder
	2) Gary Coleman
	3) The television viewing public
		-- David Letterman


Entropy isn't what it used to be.


Booker's Law:
	An ounce of application is worth a ton of abstraction.


Youth.  It's a wonder that anyone ever outgrows it.


	Max told his friend that he'd just as soon not go hiking in the hills.
Said he, "I'm an anti-climb Max."


I'd like to give the world a hug
And tell it jokes and stuff
And pull its pants down to its knees
And chase it through the rough

Then tie it up with bonds and straps
And search its purse for change
Then leave it out at Moose Grin Hall
With our cousin who's deranged ...
		-- National Lampoon, to an old Coke commercial


The Moving Finger writes; and, having writ,
	Moves on: nor all they Piety nor Wit
Shall lure it back to cancel half a Line,
	Nor all thy Tears wash out a Word of it.


What happened last night can happen again.


The British are coming!  The British are coming!


All that glitters is not gold; all that wander are not lost.


Love is an obsessive delusion that is cured by marriage.
		-- Dr. Karl Bowman


Do you know Montana?


If society fits you comfortably enough, you call it freedom.
		-- Robert Frost


G. B. Shaw to William Douglas Home: "Go on writing plays, my boy.  One
of these days a London producer will go into his office and say to his
secretary, `Is there a play from Shaw this morning?' and when she says
`No,' he will say, `Well, then we'll have to start on the rubbish.' And
that's your chance, my boy."


Television has proved that people will look at anything rather than
each other.
		-- Ann Landers


The pitcher wound up and he flang the ball at the batter.  The batter swang
and missed.  The pitcher flang the ball again and this time the batter
connected.  He hit a high fly right to the center fielder. The center
fielder was all set to catch the ball, but at the last minute his eyes were
blound by the sun and he dropped it.
		-- Dizzy Dean


QOTD:
	"I say, and without apology, hang the bitch."


Life is not for everyone.


Most folks they like the daytime,
	'cause they like to see the shining sun.
They're up in the morning,
	off and a-running till they're too tired for having fun.
But when the sun goes down,
	and the bright lights shine, my daytime has just begun.

Now there are two sides to this great big world,
	and one of them is always night.
If you can take care of business in the sunshine, baby,
	I guess you're gonna be all right.
Don't come looking for me to lend you a hand.
	My eyes just can't stand the light.

'Cause I'm a night owl honey, sleep all day long.
		-- Carly Simon


It's so beautifully arranged on the plate -- you know someone's fingers
have been all over it.
		-- Julia Child on nouvelle cuisine


QOTD:
	"The baby was so ugly they had to hang a pork chop around its
	neck to get the dog to play with it."


I know the disposition of women: when you will, they won't; when
you won't, they set their hearts upon you of their own inclination.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)


Elevators smell different to midgets.


Ryan's Law:
	Make three correct guesses consecutively
	and you will establish yourself as an expert.


Many husbands go broke on the money their wives save on sales.


Whenever anyone says, "theoretically," they really mean "not really".
		-- Dave Parnas


Never tell a lie unless it is absolutely convenient.


You can't have your cake and let your neighbor eat it too.
		-- Ayn Rand


Scribline, n.:
	The blank area on the back of credit cards where one's
	signature goes.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Kafka's Law:
	In the fight between you and the world, back the world.
		-- Franz Kafka, "RS's 1974 Expectation of Days"


It is annoying to be honest to no purpose.
		-- Publius Ovidius Naso (Ovid)


The last vestiges of the old Republic have been swept away.
		-- Governor Tarkin


Q:	Why is it that Mexico isn't sending anyone to the '84 summer games?
A:	Anyone in Mexico who can run, swim or jump is already in LA.


