I do desire we may be better strangers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"


Truth will be out this morning.  (Which may really mess things up.)


Democracy means simply the bludgeoning of the people by the people for
the people.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Q:	Why is Sister Pat the way she is?
A:	Because when she was 16, a group of boys tied her up and
	gang-rejected her.


Creativity is no substitute for knowing what you are doing.


The value of a program is proportional to the weight of its output.


A man without a God is like a fish without a bicycle.


Q:	How many Romulans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Twelve.  One to screw the light-bulb in, and eleven
	to self-destruct the ship out of disgrace.

	[Warning: do not tell this joke to Romulans or else be ready for
	a fight.  They consider it to be a disgrace, though it's
	pretty good for a LBJ.  Ed.]


Drinking makes such fools of people, and people are such fools to begin
with, that it's compounding a felony.
		-- Robert Benchley


Blithwapping, v.:
	Using anything BUT a hammer to hammer a nail into the
	wall, such as shoes, lamp bases, doorstops, etc.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Tallulah Bankhead barged down the
Nile last night as Cleopatra and sank.
		-- John Mason Brown, drama critic


Cold, adj.:
	When the politicians walk around with their hands in their own
	pockets.


Nothing is better than Sex.
Masturbation is better than nothing.
Therefore, Masturbation is better than Sex.


It is a wise father that knows his own child.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"


Bloom's Seventh Law of Litigation:
	The judge's jokes are always funny.


	What is involved in such [close] relationships is a form of emotional
chemistry, so far unexplained by any school of psychiatry I am aware of, that
conditions nothing so simple as a choice between the poles of attraction and
repulsion.  You can meet some people thirty, forty times down the years, and
they remain amiable bystanders, like the shore lights of towns that a sailor
passes at stated times but never calls at on the regular run.  Conversely,
all considerations of sex aside, you can meet some other people once or twice
and they remain permanent influences on your life.
	Everyone is aware of this discrepancy between the acquaintance seen
as familiar wallpaper or instant friend.  The chemical action it entails is
less worth analyzing than enjoying.  At any rate, these six pieces are about
men with whom I felt an immediate sympat - to use a coining of Max Beerbohm's
more satisfactory to me than the opaque vogue word "empathy".
		-- Alistair Cooke, "Six Men"


Just as most issues are seldom black or white, so are most good solutions
seldom black or white.  Beware of the solution that requires one side to be
totally the loser and the other side to be totally the winner.  The reason
there are two sides to begin with usually is because neither side has all
the facts.  Therefore, when the wise mediator effects a compromise, he is
not acting from political motivation.  Rather, he is acting from a deep
sense of respect for the whole truth.
		-- Stephen R. Schwambach


Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


HELP!  Man trapped in a human body!


Take your dying with some seriousness, however.
Laughing on the way to your execution is not generally understood
by less-advanced life-forms, and they'll call you crazy.
		-- "Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul"


Is that a pistol in your pocket or are you just glad to see me?
		-- Mae West


In Christianity neither morality nor religion come into contact with
reality at any point.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


No two persons ever read the same book.
		-- Edmund Wilson


Given sufficient time, what you put
off doing today will get done by itself.


Your mode of life will be changed to EBCDIC.


One is not superior merely because one sees the world as odious.
		-- Chateaubriand (1768-1848)


You see, wire telegraph is a kind of a very, very long cat.  You pull
his tail in New York and his head is meowing in Los Angeles.  Do you
understand this?  And radio operates exactly the same way:  you send
signals here, they receive them there.  The only difference is that
there is no cat.
		-- Albert Einstein, when asked to describe radio


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(24) Feminism was established so that unattractive women could have
     easier access to the mainstream of society.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Don't lose
Your head
To gain a minute
You need your head
Your brains are in it.
		-- Burma Shave


When you're dining out and you suspect
something's wrong, you're probably right.


Have at you!


It's hard to be humble when you're perfect.


A diplomat is man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never her age.
		-- Robert Frost


Welcome to Utah.
If you think our liquor laws are funny, you should see our underwear!


No brainer, n.:
	A decision which, viewed through the retrospectoscope,
	is "obvious" to those who failed to make it originally.


	Seems George was playing his usual eighteen holes on Saturday
afternoon.  Teeing off from the 17th, he sliced into the rough over near
the edge of the fairway.  Just as he was about to chip out, he noticed a
long funeral procession going past on a nearby street.  Reverently, George
removed his hat and stood at attention until the procession had passed.
Then he continued his game, finishing with a birdie on the eighteenth.
Later, at the clubhouse, a fellow golfer greet George.  "Say, that was a
nice gesture you made today, George.
	"What do you mean?" asked George.
	"Well, it was nice of you to take off your cap and stand
respectfully when that funeral went by," the friend replied.
	"Oh, yes," said George.  "Well, we were married 17 years, you
know."


I have lots of things in my pockets;
None of them is worth anything.
Sociopolitical whines aside,
Gan you give me, gratis, free,
The price of half a gallon
Of Gallo extra bad
And most of the bus fare home.


This guy runs into his house and yells to his wife, "Kathy, pack up your
bags!  I just won the California lottery!"
	"Honey!", Kathy exclaims, "Shall I pack for warm weather or cold?"
	"I don't care," responds the husband. "just so long as you're out
of the house by dinner!"


	Stop!  Whoever crosseth the bridge of Death, must answer first
these questions three, ere the other side he see!

	"What is your name?"
	"Sir Brian of Bell."
	"What is your quest?"
	"I seek the Holy Grail."
	"What are four lowercase letters that are not legal flag arguments
to the Berkeley UNIX version of `ls'?"
	"I, er.... AIIIEEEEEE!"


It's not the valleys in life I dread so much as the dips.
		-- Garfield


Filth and old age, I'm sure you will agree,
Are powerful wardens upon chastity.
		-- Geoffrey Chaucer


A rolling stone gathers no moss.
		-- Publilius Syrus


The average Ph.D thesis is nothing but the transference of bones from
one graveyard to another.
		-- J. Frank Dobie, "A Texan in England"


If the standard says that [things] depend on the phase of the moon,
the programmer should be prepared to look out the window as necessary.
		-- Chris Torek


Linus' Law:
	There is no heavier burden than a great potential.


One day on a busy street corner a huge, burly looking man walked up to a police
officer and asks, "Thcuse me offither, can you tell me where thidee-thid, and
thacramento ith?"
	The police officer didn't reply at all, but just looked away.
	The large man then asked again, but still no reply.  After a few more
attempts which the police officer studiously ignored, the frustrated man
walked away.  An onlooking pedestrian then walked up to the officer and asked,
"Officer, why didn't you tell that man where thirty-third and Sacramento was?"  The police officer replied,
	"Thure, thure, and dit the thit ticked out of me!"


Those who talk don't know.  Those who don't talk, know.


A woman is like your shadow; follow her, she flies; fly from her,
she follows.
		-- Chamfort


Hear about...
	the perverted Australian who left his wife and returned to Sydney?


Fast ship?  You mean you've never heard of the Millennium Falcon?
		-- Han Solo


CHASTITY BELT:
	An anti-trust suit.

	(And an unchivalrous knight is the one that files it.)


QOTD:
	"Sacred cows make great hamburgers."


Microbiology Lab:  Staph Only!


In Tennessee, it is illegal to shoot any game other than whales from a
moving automobile.


Truth never comes into the world but like a bastard, to the ignominy
of him that brought her birth.
		-- Milton


I'm prepared for all emergencies but
totally unprepared for everyday life.


He gave her a look that you could have poured on a waffle.


HERE'S A GOOD JOKE to do during an earthquake.  Straddle a big crack in
the earth and if it opens wider, go, "Whoa! Whoa!" and flap your arms
around as if you're going to fall.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Not every question deserves an answer.


Write a wise saying and your name will live forever.
		-- Anonymous


Gibson's Springtime Song (to the tune of "Deck the Halls"):

'Tis the season to chase mousies (Fa la la la la, la la la la)
Snatch them from their little housies (...)
First we chase them 'round the field (...)
Then we have them for a meal (...)

Toss them here and catch them there (...)
See them flying through the air (...)
Watch them fly and hear them squeal (...)
Falling mice have great appeal (...)

See the hunter stretched before us (...)
He's chased the mice in field and forest (...)
Watch him clean his long white whiskers (...)
Of the blood of little critters (...)


Men ought to know that from the brain and from the brain only arise our
pleasures, joys, laughter, and jests as well as our sorrows, pains, griefs
and tears.  ...  It is the same thing which makes us mad or delirious,
inspires us with dread and fear, whether by night or by day, brings us
sleeplessness, inopportune mistakes, aimless anxieties, absent-mindedness
and acts that are contrary to habit...
		-- Hippocrates, "The Sacred Disease"


A copy of the universe is not what is required of art; one of the
damned things is ample.
		-- Rebecca West


Love IS what it's cracked up to be.


Rome was not built in one day.
		-- John Heywood


You worry too much about your job.
Stop it.  You are not paid enough to worry.


...all the modern inconveniences...
		-- Mark Twain


If you don't have a nasty obituary you probably didn't matter.
		-- Freeman Dyson


I do not believe in the creed professed by the Jewish Church, by the Roman
Church, by the Greek Church, by the Turkish Church, by the Protestant Church,
nor by any Church that I know of.  My own mind is my own Church.
		-- Thomas Paine


If I want your opinion, I'll ask you to fill out the necessary form.


The other day I... uh, no, that wasn't me.
		-- Steven Wright


Big M, Little M, many mumbling mice
Are making midnight music in the moonlight,
Mighty nice!


Rainy days and automatic weapons always get me down.


Life is wasted on the living.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the Edge of the Universe"


Military justice is to justice what military music is to music.
		-- Groucho Marx


Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what do you say to a cold one?
Norm:  See you later, Vera, I'll be at Cheers.
		-- Cheers, Norm's Last Hurrah

Sam:	Well, look at you.  You look like the cat that
	swallowed the canary.
Norm:	And I need a beer to wash him down.
		-- Cheers, Norm's Last Hurrah

Woody:  Would you like a beer, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   No, I'd like a dead cat in a glass.
		-- Cheers, Little Carla, Happy at Last, Part 2


Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to
time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Critic as Artist"


FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #8

	Don't wear your high heels while making love on the pool table.


	The salesman and the system analyst took off to spend a weekend in the
forest, hunting bear.  They'd rented a cabin, and, when they got there, took
their backpacks off and put them inside.  At which point the salesman turned
to his friend, and said, "You unpack while I go and find us a bear."
	Puzzled, the analyst finished unpacking and then went and sat down
on the porch.  Soon he could hear rustling noises in the forest.  The noises
got nearer -- and louder -- and suddenly there was the salesman, running like
hell across the clearing toward the cabin, pursued by one of the largest and
most ferocious grizzly bears the analyst had ever seen.
	"Open the door!", screamed the salesman.
	The analyst whipped open the door, and the salesman ran to the door,
suddenly stopped, and stepped aside.  The bear, unable to stop, continued
through the door and into the cabin.  The salesman slammed the door closed
and grinned at his friend.  "Got him!", he exclaimed, "now, you skin this
one and I'll go rustle us up another!"


I suppose I could collect my books and get on back to school,
Or steal my daddy's cue and make a living out of playing pool,
Or find myself a rock 'n' roll band,
That needs a helping hand,
Oh, Maggie I wish I'd never seen your face.
		-- Rod Stewart, "Maggie May"


With all the talent around, it's sort of
amazing that a woman could be up here with us.
		-- Ralph Kiner, on introducing an award winner


	On the day of his anniversary, Joe was frantically shopping
around for a present for his wife.  He knew what she wanted, a
grandfather clock for the living room, but he found the right one
almost impossible to find.  Finally, after many hours of searching, Joe
found just the clock he wanted, but the store didn't deliver.  Joe,
desperate, paid the shopkeeper, hoisted the clock onto his back, and
staggered out onto the sidewalk.  On the way home, he passed a bar.
Just as he reached the door, a drunk stumbled out and crashed into Joe,
sending himself, Joe, and the clock into the gutter.  Murphy's law
being in effect, the clock ended up in roughly a thousand pieces.
	"You stupid drunk!" screamed Joe, jumping up from the
wreckage.  "Why don't you look where the hell you're going!"
	With quiet dignity the drunk stood up somewhat unsteadily and
dusted himself off.  "And why don't you just wear a wristwatch like a
normal person?"


Stinginess with privileges is kindness in disguise.
		-- Guide to VAX/VMS Security, Sep. 1984


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(13) To dictatorships, peace means the absence of opposition.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Only a mediocre person is always at his best.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


Goodbye, cool world.


A company is known by the men it keeps.


Rhode's Law:
	When any principle, law, tenet, probability, happening, circumstance,
	or result can in no way be directly, indirectly, empirically, or
	circuitously proven, derived, implied, inferred, induced, deducted,
	estimated, or scientifically guessed, it will always for the purpose
	of convenience, expediency, political advantage, material gain, or
	personal comfort, or any combination of the above, or none of the
	above, be unilaterally and unequivocally assumed, proclaimed, and
	adhered to as absolute truth to be undeniably, universally, immutably,
	and infinitely so, until such time as it becomes advantageous to
	assume otherwise, maybe.


I sometimes think that God, in creating man, somewhat overestimated his
ability.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Editing is a rewording activity.


Hubbard's Law:
	Don't take life too seriously;
	you won't get out of it alive.


San Francisco isn't what it used to be, and it never was.
		-- Herb Caen


I thought YOU silenced the guard!


You shouldn't wallow in self-pity.  But it's OK to put
your feet in it and swish them around a little.
		-- Guindon


A timely marriage: one made before your children start nagging you about it.
		-- Diane Duane


Q:	What do you have when you have a lawyer buried up to his neck in sand?
A:	Not enough sand.


We have art that we do not die of the truth.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Rodeo fuck, n.:
	When you lean down and whisper in your lover's ear, "Honey, you're
	the worst piece of ass I've ever had!".  And then try to stay on
	for seven seconds...


In the beginning was the word.
But by the time the second word was added to it,
there was trouble.
For with it came syntax ...
		-- John Simon


Most people prefer certainty to truth.


I lay my head on the railroad tracks,
Waitin' for the double E.
The railroad don't run no more.
Poor poor pitiful me.			[chorus]
	Poor poor pitiful me, poor poor pitiful me.
	These young girls won't let me be,
	Lord have mercy on me!
	Woe is me!

Well, I met a girl, West Hollywood,
Well, I ain't naming names.
But she really worked me over good,
She was just like Jesse James.
She really worked me over good,
She was a credit to her gender.
She put me through some changes, boy,
Sort of like a Waring blender.		[chorus]

I met a girl at the Rainbow Bar,
She asked me if I'd beat her.
She took me back to the Hyatt House,
I don't want to talk about it.		[chorus]
		-- Warren Zevon, "Poor Poor Pitiful Me"


Lemmings don't grow older, they just die.


I have a dog; I named him Stay.  So when I'd go to call him, I'd say, "Here,
Stay, here..." but he got wise to that.  Now when I call him he ignores me
and just keeps on typing.
		-- Steven Wright


There appears to be irrefutable evidence that
the mere fact of overcrowding induces violence.
		-- Harvey Wheeler


There's something different about us -- different from people of Europe,
Africa, Asia ... a deep and abiding belief in the Easter Bunny.
		-- G. Gordon Liddy


If you lose a son you can always get another,
but there's only one Maltese Falcon.
		-- Sidney Greenstreet, "The Maltese Falcon"


A plucked goose doesn't lay golden eggs.


Q:	How many hardware engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	None.  We'll fix it in software.

Q:	How many system programmers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  The application can work around it.

Q:	How many software engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	None.  We'll document it in the manual.

Q:	How many tech writers does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	None.  The user can figure it out.


How sharper than a hound's tooth it is to have a thankless serpent.


The only way to behave to a woman is to make love to
her if she is pretty and to someone else if she is plain.
		-- Oscar Wilde


The meek shall inherit the Earth.
(But they're gonna have to fight for it.)


The difficult we do today; the impossible takes a little longer.


Better dead than mellow.


Anybody can win, unless there happens to be a second entry.


Like winter snow on summer lawn, time past is time gone.


The sex act is the funniest thing on the face of this earth.
		-- Diana Rigg


The Universe is populated by stable things.
		-- Richard Dawkins


[FORTRAN] will persist for some time --
probably for at least the next decade.
		-- T. Cheatham


