Plus ca change, plus c'est le meme chose.


The girl who swears no one has ever made love to her has a right to swear.
		-- Sophia Loren


The thought of being President frightens me and I do not think I
want the job.
		-- Ronald Reagan in 1973

Reagan won because he ran against Jimmy Carter.  Had he run unopposed he
would have lost.
		-- Mort Sahl

Ronald Reagan is a triumph of the embalmer's art.
		-- Gore Vidal

Ronald Reagan's platform seems to be: Hey, I'm a big good-looking guy and
I need a lot of sleep.
		-- Roy G. Blount, Jr.

You've got to be careful quoting Ronald Reagan, because when you quote him
accurately it's called mudslinging.
		-- Walter Mondale


The King named Oedipus Rex
Who started this fuss about sex
	Put the world to great pains
	By the spots and the stains
Which he made on his mother's pubex.


Piece of cake!
		-- G. S. Koblas


Research is the best place to be: you work your buns off, and if it works
you're a hero; if it doesn't, well -- nobody else has done it yet either,
so you're still a valiant nerd.


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #18 -- FIFTH

	FIFTH is a precision mathematical language in which the data types
refer to quantity.  The data types range from CC, OUNCE, SHOT, and JIGGER to
FIFTH (hence the name of the language), LITER, MAGNUM and BLOTTO.  Commands
refer to ingredients such as CHABLIS, CHARDONNAY, CABERNET, GIN, VERMOUTH,
VODKA, SCOTCH, BOURBON, and WHATEVERSAROUND.
	The many versions of the FIFTH language reflect the sophistication and
financial status of its users.  Commands in the ELITE dialect include VSOP and
LAFITE, while commands in the GUTTER dialect include HOOTCH, THUNDERBIRD,
RIPPLE and HOUSERED.  The latter is a favorite of frustrated FORTH programmers
who end up using this language.


Lonely men seek companionship.
Lonely women sit at home and wait. They never meet.


While it may be true that a watched pot never boils, the one you don't
keep an eye on can make an awful mess of your stove.
		-- Edward Stevenson


This place just isn't big enough for all of us.  We've
got to find a way off this planet.


If there is no wind, row.
		-- Polish proverb


She was a farmer's daughter but she couldn't keep her calves together.


XXXI:
	The optimum committee has no members.
XXXII:
	Hiring consultants to conduct studies can be an excellent means of
	turning problems into gold -- your problems into their gold.
XXXIII:
	Fools rush in where incumbents fear to tread.
XXXIV:
	The process of competitively selecting contractors to perform work
	is based on a system of rewards and penalties, all distributed
	randomly.
XXXV:
	The weaker the data available upon which to base one's conclusion,
	the greater the precision which should be quoted in order to give
	the data authenticity.
		-- Norman Augustine


Don
Ameche:	I didn't know you had a cousin Penelope, Bill!
	Was she pretty?
W. C.:	Well, her face was so wrinkled it looked like seven miles of
	bad road.  She had so many gold teeth, Don, she use to have
	to sleep with her head in a safe.  She died in Bolivia.
Don:	Oh Bill, it must be hard to lose a relative.
W. C.:	It's almost impossible.
		-- W. C. Fields, "The Further Adventures of Larson E.
		   Whipsnade and other Tarradiddles"


Please ignore previous fortune.


Some days you are the bug; some days you are the windshield.


You attempt things that you do not even plan
because of your extreme stupidity.


Professor Gorden Newell threw another shutout in last week's Chem Eng. 130
midterm.  Once again a student did not receive a single point on his exam.
Newell has now tossed 5 shutouts this quarter.  Newell's earned exam average
has now dropped to a phenomenal 30%.


Disbar, n.:
	As distinguished from some other bar.


Republicans raise dahlias, Dalmatians and eyebrows.
Democrats raise Airedales, kids and taxes.

Democrats eat the fish they catch.
Republicans hang them on the wall.

Republican boys date Democratic girls.  They plan to marry Republican
girls, but feel they're entitled to a little fun first.

Democrats make up plans and then do something else.
Republicans follow the plans their grandfathers made.

Republicans consume three-fourths of the rutabaga produced in the USA.
The remainder is thrown out.

Republicans sleep in twin beds -- some even in separate rooms.
That is why there are more Democrats.
		-- The Official Rules, as compiled by Paul Dickson


WE'RE GOING TO THROW THE MX AWAY AFTER WE BUILD IT.  The MX is really
[Don't tell anybody!] just a "bargaining chip" in the nuclear-arms-
reduction talks with the Russians.  See, we have a problem with the
Russians.  They look at our leaders and they see, for example, George
Bush, who is really a fine and brave man but who happens to have this
unfortunate physical characteristic whereby when he talks he sounds as
though he just inhaled a helium party balloon.  If he ever becomes
President, the Russians will deliberately create nuclear crises just so
they can gather around the Hot Line with refreshments and listen to
George talk.
		-- Dave Barry, "At Last, the Ultimate Deterrent Against
		   Political Fallout"


... Once you're safely in the mall, you should tie your children to you
with ropes so the other shoppers won't try to buy them.  Holiday
shoppers have been whipped into a frenzy by months of holiday
advertisements, and they will buy anything small enough to stuff into a
shopping bag.  If your children object to being tied, threaten to take
them to see Santa Claus; that ought to shut them up.
		-- Dave Barry, "Christmas Shopping: A Survivor's Guide"


You will soon meet a person who will play an important role in your life.


Tell me why the stars do shine,
Tell me why the ivy twines,
Tell me why the sky's so blue,
And I will tell you just why I love you.

	Nuclear fusion makes stars to shine,
	Phototropism makes ivy twine,
	Rayleigh scattering makes sky so blue,
	Sexual hormones are why I love you.


This fortune is inoperative.  Please try another.


You are the only person to ever get this message.


If Helen Keller is alone in a forest and falls, does she make a sound?


He who laughs last -- missed the punch line.


Ryan's Law:
	Make three correct guesses consecutively
	and you will establish yourself as an expert.


Rome was not built in one day.
		-- John Heywood


	They are fools that think that wealth or women or strong drink or even
drugs can buy the most in effort out of the soul of a man.  These things offer
pale pleasures compared to that which is greatest of them all, that task which
demands from him more than his utmost strength, that absorbs him, bone and
sinew and brain and hope and fear and dreams -- and still calls for more.
	They are fools that think otherwise.  No great effort was ever bought.
No painting, no music, no poem, no cathedral in stone, no church, no state was
ever raised into being for payment of any kind.  No Parthenon, no Thermopylae
was ever built or fought for pay or glory; no Bukhara sacked, or China ground
beneath Mongol heel, for loot or power alone.  The payment for doing these
things was itself the doing of them.
	To wield oneself -- to use oneself as a tool in one's own hand -- and
so to make or break that which no one else can build or ruin -- THAT is the
greatest pleasure known to man!  To one who has felt the chisel in his hand
and set free the angel prisoned in the marble block, or to one who has felt
sword in hand and set homeless the soul that a moment before lived in the body
of his mortal enemy -- to those both come alike the taste of that rare food
spread only for demons or for gods."
		-- Gordon R. Dickson, "Soldier Ask Not"


The only time a dog gets complimented is when he doesn't do anything.
		-- C. Schultz


The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed
ideas in the mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald


Revenge is sleeping with your enemy's wife.
Sweet revenge is the realization that she's a lousy lay.


I really look with commiseration over the great body of my fellow citizens
who, reading newspapers, live and die in the belief that they have known
something of what has been passing in their time.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Perplexed, a shy virgin named Plummer
Asked, "what's there to do in the summer?"
	She declined and declined
	Till approached from behind...
When her summer turned out quite a bummer!


Ever wonder why fire engines are red?

Because newspapers are read too.
Two and Two is four.
Four and four is eight.
Eight and four is twelve.
There are twelve inches in a ruler.
Queen Mary was a ruler.
Queen Mary was a ship.
Ships sail the sea.
There are fishes in the sea.
Fishes have fins.
The Fins fought the Russians.
Russians are red.
Fire engines are always rush'n.
Therefore fire engines are red.


Smear the road with a runner!!


It may or may not be worthwhile, but it still has to be done.


I did not look behind me, 'till I got to St. Omer's & thence fled to America;
here I offer'd to become a Spy for the English Government which was scornfully
rejected; I then turned to Plunder & Libel the Yankees, for which I was fined
5000 Dollars & kicked out of the Country!  I came back to England (after
absconding for Seven years) & set up the Crown & Mitre to establish my Loyalty!
-- accepted from the Doctor L400 to print & disperse a pamphlet against "the
Hellfire of Reform" ... but applied the Money to purchase an estate at Botley,
& left ye Doctor to pay the Paper & Printing!  Being now Lord of the Manor, I
began by sowing the seeds of discontent through Hampshire; I oppressed the
Poor, sent the Aged to Hell, & damned the eyes of my Parish Apprentices before
they were open'd in the morning! ... and being now supported by a Band of
Reformers, I renewed my old favorite Toast of Damnation to the House of
Brunswick! & being exalted by the sale of 10,000 Political Registers every
week, I find myself the greatest Man in the World! except that Idol of all my
Adorations, his Royal and Imperial Majesty, NAPOLEONE!
		-- William Cobbett, British journalist


Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness consists in
the ability to stick to one thing till it gets there.
		-- Josh Billings


Mencken and Nathan's Second Law of The Average American:
	All the postmasters in small towns read all the postcards.


Beware of strong drink. It can make you
shoot at tax collectors -- and miss.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough For Love"


METEOROLOGIST:
	One who doubts the established fact that it is
	bound to rain if you forget your umbrella.


The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"


I've finally found the perfect girl,
I couldn't ask for more,
She's deaf and dumb and over-sexed,
And owns a liquor store.


A husband is what is left of the lover after the nerve has been extracted.
		-- Helen Rowland


The aim of a joke is not to degrade the human being but to remind him that
he is already degraded.
		-- George Orwell


I can't understand why a person will take a year or two to write a
novel when he can easily buy one for a few dollars.
		-- Fred Allen


History is the version of past events that people have decided to agree on.
		-- Napoleon Bonaparte, "Maxims"


I only know what I read in the papers.
		-- Will Rogers


Space tells matter how to move and matter tells space how to curve.
		-- Wheeler


Toni's Solution to a Guilt-Free Life:
	If you have to lie to someone, it's their fault.


f u cn rd ths, itn tyg h myxbl cd.


I have a funny daddy
Who goes in and out with me
And everything that baby does
Daddy's sure to see,
And everything that baby says,
My daddy's sure to tell.
You _m_u_s_t have read my daddy's verse.
I hope he fries in Hell.
		-- Ogden Nash


You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.


I don't know what Descartes' got,
But booze can do what Kant cannot.
		-- Mike Cross


Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not
become a monster.  And when you look into an abyss, the abyss also looks
into you.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Pour guerir un acces de fievre
Un jeune homme poursuivit un lievre;
	Il le prit a son trou,
	Et fit faire un ragout
Des entrailles et des pattes au genievre.
		-- Edward Gorey


Who can take the demands of the SDS seriously?
		-- Nathan Pusey


Necrophilia, n.:
	Dropping in for a cold one.


If you are afraid of loneliness, don't marry.
		-- Anton Chekov


In short, _N is Richardian if, and only if, _N is not Richardian.


One of the first things school children in Texas learn is how to
compose a simple declarative sentence without the word "shit" in it.


The Queen is most anxious to enlist every one who can speak or write to
join in checking this mad, wicked folly of "Woman's Rights", with all its
attendant horrors, on which her poor feeble sex is bent, forgetting every
sense of womanly feeling and propriety.  Lady-- ought to get a good
whipping.  It is a subject which makes the Queen so furious that she cannot
contain herself.  God created men and women different -- then let them
remain each in their own position.
		-- Letter to Sir Theodore Martin, 29 May 1870, from
		   Queen Victoria


The way to make a small fortune in the
commodities market is to start with a large fortune.


Too much of everything is just enough.
		-- Bob Wier


Old timer, n.:
	One who remembers when charity was a virtue and not an organization.


This is NOT a repeat.


Someday your prints will come.
		-- Kodak


In 1869 the waffle iron was invented for people who had wrinkled
waffles.


Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States.  Ask
any Indian.
		-- Robert Orben

Immigration is the sincerest form of flattery.
		-- Jack Paar


Beauty is one of the rare things which does not lead to doubt of God.
		-- Jean Anouilh


Two young men seated in a restaurant were watching a customer busily
disposing of a plate of oysters on the half shell.  One of the young
men remarked to his friend,
	"Did you ever hear that business about raw oysters being
good for a man's virility?"
	"Yes, why?" the friend replied.
	"Well, take it from me, that's a lot of foolishness.  I ate a
dozen of them the other night, and only nine worked."


Excessive login or logout messages are a sure sign of senility.


There once was a man named Eugene
Who invented a screwing machine
	Concave and convex
	It served either sex
And it played with itself in between.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(18) There is no such thing as "war atrocities." War is an atrocity.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


A programming language is low level
when its programs require attention to the irrelevant.


Maybe Computer Science should be in the College of Theology.
		-- R. S. Barton


Would the last person to leave Michigan please turn out the lights?


She hates testicles, thus limiting the men she can admire to Democratic
candidates for president.
		-- John Greenway, "The American Tradition", on feminist
		   Elizabeth Gould Davis


Recursion: n. See Recursion.
		-- Random Shack Data Processing Dictionary


No self-respecting fish would want to be wrapped in that kind of
paper.
		-- Mike Royko on the Chicago Sun-Times after it was
		   taken over by Rupert Murdoch


Like the time I ran away...
And turned around and you were standing close to me.
		-- YES, "Going For The One/Awaken"


DIVE!!!  DIVE!!!  DIVE!!!
UP PERISCOPE!!!

(Ooops, sorry, wrong fantasy.)


Q:	Why is Christmas just like a day at the office?
A:	You do all of the work and the fat guy in the suit
	gets all the credit.


A king's castle is his home.


We ... make the modern error of dignifying the Individual.  We do everything
we can to butter him up.  We give him a name, assure him that he has certain
inalienable rights, educate him, let him pass on his name to his brats and
when he dies we give him a special hole in the ground ... But after all, he's
only  a seed, a bloom and a withering stalk among pressing billions.  Your
Individual is a pretty disgusting, vain, lewd little bastard ... By God,
he has only one right guaranteed him in Nature, and that is the right to die
and stink to Heaven.
		-- Ross Lockridge, quoted in "Short Lives" by Katinka Matson


A jug of wine, a bowl of rice with it;
Earthen vessels
Simply handed in through the window.
There is certainly no blame in this.


It would be nice to be sure of anything
the way some people are of everything.


The bustard's a remarkable fowl
With surely no reason to growl
	He escapes what would be
	Illegitimacy
By the grace of a fortunate vowel.


Seminars, n.:
	From "semi" and "arse", hence, any half-assed discussion.


Billy:	Mom, you know that vase you said was handed down from
	generation to generation?
Mom:	Yes?
Billy:	Well, this generation dropped it.


To be successful, a woman has to be much better at her job than a man.
		-- Golda Meir


Ruling a big country is like cooking a small fish.
		-- Lao Tsu


Masturbation, n.:
	A self-service elevator.


To be successful, a woman must do her job ten times
as well as a man.  Fortunately, this is not difficult.


History repeats itself -- the first time as a tragi-comedy, the second
time as bedroom farce.


Sex is nobody's business but the three people involved.


Expedience is the best teacher.


We don't really understand it, so we'll give it to the programmers.


Noise proves nothing.  Often a hen who has
merely laid an egg cackles as if she laid an asteroid.
		-- Mark Twain


Q:	What's black and white and red all over and can't go through
	revolving doors?
A:	A nun with a javelin through her head.


Conceit causes more conversation than wit.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


Never be afraid to tell the world who you are.
		-- Anonymous


In defeat, unbeatable; in victory, unbearable.
		-- Winston Churchill, on General Montgomery


VMS is like a nightmare about RSX-11M.


We prefer to speak evil of ourselves
rather than not speak of ourselves at all.


The worst thing about some men is that when they are not drunk they
are sober.
		-- William Butler Yeats


(6)	Men employees will be given time off each week for courting
	purposes, or two evenings a week if they go regularly to church.
(7)	After an employee has spent his thirteen hours of labor in the
	office, he should spend the remaining time reading the Bible
	and other good books.
(8)	Every employee should lay aside from each pay packet a goodly
	sum of his earnings for his benefit during his declining years,
	so that he will not become a burden on society or his betters.
(9)	Any employee who smokes Spanish cigars, uses alcoholic drink
	in any form, frequents pool tables and public halls, or gets
	shaved in a barber's shop, will give me good reason to suspect
	his worth, intentions, integrity and honesty.
(10)	The employee who has performed his labours faithfully and
	without a fault for five years, will be given an increase of
	five cents per day in his pay, providing profits from the
	business permit it.
		-- "Office Worker's Guide", New England Carriage
		    Works, 1872


For people who like that kind of book,
that is the kind of book they will like.


Other than that, Mrs. Lincoln, how did you like the play?


Good day to let down old friends who need help.


I am only one, but I am one.  I cannot do everything, but I can do
something.  And I will not let what I cannot do interfere with what
I can do.
		-- Edward Everett Hale, (1822 - 1909)


If you don't do it, you'll never know what
would have happened if you had done it.


But I always fired into the nearest hill or, failing that, into blackness.
I meant no harm;  I just liked the explosions.  And I was careful never to
kill more than I could eat.
		-- Raoul Duke


Penis envy, n.:
	The desire to be pink and wrinkled and about four inches long.


	"I don't know what you mean by `glory,'" Alice said
	Humpty Dumpty smiled contemptuously.  "Of course you don't --
till I tell you.  I meant `there's a nice knock-down argument for
you!'"
	"But glory doesn't mean `a nice knock-down argument,'" Alice
objected.
	"When I use a word," Humpty Dumpty said, in a rather scornful
tone, "it means just what I choose it to mean -- neither more nor
less."
	"The question is," said Alice, "whether you can make words mean
so many different things."
	"The question is," said Humpty Dumpty, "which is to be master--
that's all."
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


Oh Father, my Father, Oh what must I do?
They're burning our streets and beating me blue.
"Listen my son, I'll tell you the truth:
Get a close haircut and spit-shine your shoes."

Oh Mother, my Mother, my confusions remove,
I long to embrace her whose hair is so smooth.
"Now listen my son, although you're confused,
Cut your hair close and shine all your shoes."

Oh Teacher, my Teacher, your life with me share.
What books ought I read?  What thoughts do I dare?
"Oh Student, my Student, of dissent you beware.
Shine those dull shoes and cut short your hair."

Oh Preacher, my Preacher, does God really care?
Are all races equal?  Are laws just and fair?
"Boy -- here's the answer, no need to despair:
Shine those new shoes and cut short that hair."


Oh, I could while away the hours,
Smoking herbs and flowers,
Shooting up my veins,
	De-dum, De-dum, De-dum
Tell you, I've been a-thinkin'
I could drive a shiny Lincoln,
If I dealt in good cocaine.
		-- To "If I Only Had A Brain" from "The Wizard of Oz"


Hear about...
	the over-eager bride who came, walking down the aisle?


"You are old," said the youth, "and your jaws are too weak
	For anything tougher than suet;
Yet you finished the goose, with the bones and the beak --
	Pray, how did you manage to do it?"

"In my youth," said his father, "I took to the law,
	And argued each case with my wife;
And the muscular strength which it gave to my jaw,
	Has lasted the rest of my life."
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


Getting into trouble is easy.
		-- D. Winkel and F. Prosser


	Four Oxford dons were taking their evening walk together and as
usual, were engaged in casual but learned conversation.  On this particular
evening, their conversation was about the names given to groups of animals,
such as a "pride of lions" or a "gaggle of geese."
	One of the professors noticed a group of prostitutes down the block,
and posed the question, "What name would be given to that group?"  The four
fell into silence for a moment, as they pondered the possibilities...
	At last, one spoke: "How about 'a Jam of Tarts'?"  The others nodded
in acknowledgment as they continued to consider the problem.  A second
professor spoke: "I'd suggest 'an Essay of Trollops.'"  Again, the others
nodded.  A third spoke: "I propose 'a Flourish of Strumpets.'"
	They continued their walk in silence, until the first professor
remarked to the remaining professor, who was the most senior and learned of
the four, "You haven't suggested a name for our ladies.  What are your
thoughts?"
	Replied the fourth professor, "'An Anthology of Prose.'"


It seems that there was this Christian about to be thrown to the lions.  He
was shoved into the middle of the arena and the lion was released.  Being
a good Christian, as the lion approached he knelt and prayed, asking God for
forgiveness for his (few) sins, and begging that the lion might be dissuaded
from eating him for its breakfast.  Much to his dismay, the lion didn't stop
but kept coming, getting faster and faster, now almost running, so the
Christian took off too.  There they were, running around and around the arena,
the lion getting closer and the Christian praying harder and harder between
gasps for breath.  The lions breath was now hot upon his heels and he could
even feel droplets of the lions saliva splashing on his bare feet.  So he
pulled out all the stops, promising God that if the lion will only spare him,
he will devote the rest of his life to spreading the Christian faith,
forsaking all temptation and possessions.  Suddenly he no longer felt the
lions breath, no longer heard the great beast's snarls close behind him.
Slowing to a stop, he turned around and saw the lion on its knees, eyes rolled
upward, paws held together.  The lion appeared to be muttering something so
the Christian approached until he could make out what the lion was saying.
	"Dear Lord, for what I am about to receive..."


If there really was a Jewish conspiracy to run the world, my rabbi would
have let me in on it by now.  I contribute enough to the shule.
		-- Saul Goodman


O.K., fine.


Had this been an actual emergency, we would have
fled in terror, and you would not have been informed.


Last week a cop stopped me in my car.  He asked me if I had a police record.
I said, no, but I have the new DEVO album.  Cops have no sense of humor.


You better believe that marijuana can cause castration.  Just suppose
your girlfriend gets the munchies!


Wonder is the feeling of a philosopher,
and philosophy begins in wonder.
		Socrates, quoting Plato


[Nuclear war] ... may not be desirable.
		-- Edwin Meese III


OPTIMIST:
	A man who makes a motel reservation before a blind date.


A man is walking along when he sees a funeral procession going by, the
longest procession he's ever seen.  It seems to consist of the hearse,
followed by a man with a Doberman on a leash, followed by several hundred
other men.  After watching for a few minutes, he can restrain his curiosity
no longer, and walks up to one of the mourners.
	"Excuse me, sir, I don't mean to bother you in your moment of grief,
but this is the strangest procession I've ever seen.  What happened, who is
the funeral for?"
	"Well, it's nothing special, really, the funeral is for the mother-
in-law of the man at the front of the procession.  You see, his Doberman
attacked and killed her."
	"That's awful!", replies the onlooker.  "But... um... tell me, you
don't think he'd let me borrow that dog, do you?"
	"Get in line, buddy," replies the mourner, "get in line."


The politician is someone who deals in man's problems of adjustment.
To ask a politician to lead us is to ask the tail of a dog to lead the dog.
		-- Buckminster Fuller


Q:	How many IBM CPUs does it take to do a logical right shift?
A:	33.  1 to hold the bits and 32 to push the register.


Business is a good game -- lots of competition
and minimum of rules.  You keep score with money.
		-- Nolan Bushnell, founder of Atari


...most of us learned about love the hard way.  Even warnings are probably
useless, for somehow, despite the severest warnings of parents and friends,
hundreds, thousands of women have forgotten themselves at the last minute
and succumbed to the lies, promises, flatteries, or mere attentions of
lusting, lovely men, landing themselves in complicated predicaments from
which some of them never recovered during their entire lives.  And I am not
speaking only of your teenaged Midwesterners in 1958; I'm speaking of women
of every age in every city in every year.  The notorious sexual revolution
has saved no one from the pain and confusion of love.
		-- Alix Kates Shulman


Misfortune, n.:
	The kind of fortune that never misses.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The more crap you put up with, the more crap you are going to get.


If a thing's worth doing, it is worth doing badly.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


In practice, failures in system development, like unemployment in Russia,
happens a lot despite official propaganda to the contrary.
		-- Paul Licker


Maslow's Maxim:
	If the only tool you have is a hammer,
	you treat everything like a nail.


Diet Mountain Dew has the same pH and density of urine.
		-- Newsweek, 31 July, 1989


Your ignorance cramps my conversation.


... indifference is a militant thing ... when it goes away it leaves
smoking ruins, where lie citizens bayonetted through the throat.  It is
not a children's pastime like mere highway robbery.
		-- Stephen Crane


Brain, v. [as in "to brain"]:
	To rebuke bluntly, but not pointedly; to dispel a source
	of error in an opponent.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Mieux vaut tard que jamais!


The flow chart is a most thoroughly oversold piece of program documentation.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


Lend money to a bad debtor and he will hate you.


When you say that you agree to a thing in principle, you mean that
you have not the slightest intention of carrying it out in practice.
		-- Otto von Bismarck


Blessed is he who has reached the point of no return and knows it,
for he shall enjoy living.
		-- W. C. Bennett


The more cordial the buyers secretary, the greater
the odds that the competition already has the order.


May all the boys you fall in love with fall in love with boys themselves.


Scenary is here, wish you were beautiful.


You have not converted a man because you have silenced him.
		-- John Viscount Morley


Riches cover a multitude of woes.
		-- Menander


Providence New Jersey is one of the few cities
where Velveeta cheese appears on the gourmet shelf.


The Moving Finger writes; and, having writ,
	Moves on: nor all they Piety nor Wit
Shall lure it back to cancel half a Line,
	Nor all thy Tears wash out a Word of it.


If you could get an erection, you would have no need for Emacs.


