The personal computer market is about the same size as the total potato chip
market.  Next year it will be about half the size of the pet food market and
is fast approaching the total worldwide sales of pantyhose"
		-- James Finke, Commodore Int'l Ltd., 1982


The rights and interests of the laboring man will be protected and cared
for not by our labor agitators, but by the Christian men to whom God in his
infinite wisdom has given control of property interests of the country, and
upon the successful management of which so much remains.
		-- George F. Baer, railroad industrialist


The best number for a dinner party is two -- myself and a damn good
head waiter.
		-- Nubar Gulbenkian


Yours is not to reason why,
Just to Sail Away.
And when you find you have to throw
Your Legacy away;
Remember life as was it is,
And is as it were;
Chasing sounds across the galaxy
'Till silence is but a blur.
		-- QYX


Ashes to ashes, dust to dust,
If God won't have you, the devil must.


The best thing that comes out of Iowa is I-80.


Paranoids are people, too; they have their own problems.  It's easy
to criticize, but if everybody hated you, you'd be paranoid too.
		-- D. J. Hicks


He had that rare weird electricity about him -- that extremely wild
and heavy presence that you only see in a person who has abandoned
all hope of ever behaving "normally."
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing '72"


"I wonder", he said to himself, "what's in a book while it's closed.  Oh, I
know it's full of letters printed on paper, but all the same, something must
be happening, because as soon as I open it, there's a whole story with people
I don't know yet and all kinds of adventures and battles."
		-- Bastian B. Bux


Avoid cliches like the plague.
They're a dime a dozen.


The only way you'll ever hear from
me is if you're living in the same hell.
		-- Roy Harper


Fortune's Contribution of the Month to the Animal Rights Debate:

	I'll stay out of animals' way if they'll stay out of mine.
	"Hey you, get off my plate"
		-- Roger Midnight


A Code of Honour: never approach a friend's girlfriend or wife with mischief
as your goal.  There are too many women in the world to justify that sort of
dishonourable behaviour.  Unless she's really attractive.
		-- Bruce J. Friedman, "Sex and the Lonely Guy"


Insanity is hereditary.  You get it from your kids.


When among apes, one must play the ape.


I want a girl that can swallow my pride.
		-- Frank Zappa, "Jewish Princess"


I bet you think you're pretty cool driving around without auto insurance.
You're probably saying to yourself, "I'm beating the system."  But what's
going to happen when you get pulled over and lose your license because
you're not insured.  What girl's going to ride shotgun on a ten-speed on
a Saturday Night?  Yeah, you're going to be beating more than the system...
		-- auto insurance ad, heard on KNAC, Long Beach


A woman takes off her claim to respect along with her garments.
		-- Herodotus


God must have loved calories, she made so many of them.


	If you rap your knuckles against a window jamb or door, if you
brush your leg against a bed or desk, if you catch your foot in a curled-
up corner of a rug, or strike a toe against a desk or chair, go back and
repeat the sequence.
	You will find yourself surprised how far off course you were to
hit that window jamb, that door, that chair.  Get back on course and do it
again.  How can you pilot a spacecraft if you can't find your way around
your own apartment?
		-- William S. Burroughs


If thine eye offends thee, pluck it out.
If thy dick offends thee, whack it off.


Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company.
		-- Mark Twain


Picking up the pieces of my sweet shattered dream,
I wonder how the old folks are tonight,
Her name was Ann, and I'll be damned if I recall her face,
She left me not knowing what to do.

Carefree Highway, let me slip away on you,
Carefree Highway, you seen better days,
The morning after blues, from my head down to my shoes,
Carefree Highway, let me slip away, slip away, on you...

Turning back the pages to the times I love best,
I wonder if she'll ever do the same,
Now the thing that I call livin' is just bein' satisfied,
With knowing I got noone left to blame.
Carefree Highway, I got to see you, my old flame...

Searching through the fragments of my dream shattered sleep,
I wonder if the years have closed her mind,
I guess it must be wanderlust or tryin' to get free,
From the good old faithful feelin' we once knew.
		-- Gordon Lightfoot, "Carefree Highway"


	Deck us all with Boston Charlie,
	Walla Walla, Wash., an' Kalamazoo!
	Nora's freezin' on the trolley,
	Swaller dollar cauliflower, alleygaroo!

	Don't we know archaic barrel,
	Lullaby Lilla Boy, Louisville Lou.
	Trolley Molly don't love Harold,
	Boola boola Pensacoola hullabaloo!
		-- Pogo, "Deck Us All With Boston Charlie"


One Saturday afternoon, during the campaign to decide whether or not there
should be a Coastal Commission, I took a helicopter ride from Los Angeles
to San Diego.  We passed several state beaches, some crowded and some
virtually empty.  They had the same facilities, and in some cases the crowded
and the empty beach were within a quarter mile of each other.  Obviously
many beach-goers prefer to be crowded together. Buying more beaches that
people won't go to because they prefer to be crowded together on one beach
is a ridiculous waste of our natural resources and our taxes.
		-- Ronald Reagan


Try to divide your time evenly to keep others happy.


You know, Callahan's is a peaceable bar, but if
you ask that dog what his favorite formatter is,
and he says "roff! roff!", well, I'll just have to...


I would have made a good pope.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


In San Francisco, Halloween is redundant.
		-- Will Durst


Life is like an onion: you peel off layer after
layer and then you find there is nothing in it.
		-- James Huneker


Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes.
That way, when you criticize them, you're a mile away and you have
their shoes.


I'd rather push my Harley than ride a rice burner.


QOTD:
	"I treat her like a thoroughbred, and she's STILL a nag!"


Women should be obscene and not heard.


Moody bitch with attitude, seeks nice,
good-looking guy to dump on.


A furore Normanorum libera nos, O Domine!


COCAINE:
	The thinking man's Dristan.


				FROM THE DESK OF
				Snow White

Dear Snow White:

	Thanks for last night.

		Sleepy, Doc, Grumpy, Sneezy, Happy, Dopey, Bashful


If you waste your time cooking, you'll miss the next meal.


In my end is my beginning.
		-- Mary Stuart, Queen of Scots


ASCII:
	The control code for all beginning programmers and those who would
	become computer literate.  Etymologically, the term has come down as
	a contraction of the often-repeated phrase "ascii and you shall
	receive."
		-- Robb Russon


They finally got King Midas, I hear.  Gild by association.


This file will self-destruct in five minutes.


You know you're in trouble when...
(1)	You've been at work for an hour before you notice that your
		skirt is caught in your pantyhose.
(2)	Your blind date turns out to be your ex-wife.
(3)	Your income tax check bounces.
(4)	You put both contact lenses in the same eye.
(5)	Your wife says, "Good morning, Bill" and your name is George.
(6)	You wake up to the soothing sound of flowing water... the day
		after you bought a waterbed.
(7)	You go on your honeymoon to a remote little hotel and the desk
		clerk, bell hop, and manager have a "Welcome Back" party
		for your spouse.


QOTD:
	"What I like most about myself is that I'm so understanding
	when I mess things up."


Stealing a rhinoceros should not be attempted lightly.


Psychologists think they're experimental psychologists.
Experimental psychologists think they're biologists.
Biologists think they're biochemists.
Biochemists think they're chemists.
Chemists think they're physical chemists.
Physical chemists think they're physicists.
Physicists think they're theoretical physicists.
Theoretical physicists think they're mathematicians.
Mathematicians think they're metamathematicians.
Metamathematicians think they're philosophers.
Philosophers think they're gods.


Old programmers never die, they just hit account block limit.


If the Nazi's had television with satellite technology, we'd all be
goose-stepping.  Americans are just as suggestible.
		-- Frank Zappa


The marriage of Marxism and feminism has been like the marriage of
husband and wife depicted in English common law: Marxism and feminism
are one, and that one is Marxism.
		-- Heidi Hartmann,
		   "The Unhappy Marriage of Marxism and Feminism"


18th Rule of Friendship:
	A friend will let you hold the ladder while he goes up on the roof
	to install your new aerial, which is the biggest son-of-a-bitch you
	ever saw.
		-- Esquire, May 1977


Digital circuits are made from analog parts.
		-- Don Vonada


The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away.
Indian Giver be the name of the Lord.


As goatherd learns his trade by goat, so writer learns his trade by wrote.


Love is a word that is constantly heard,
Hate is a word that is not.
Love, I am told, is more precious than gold.
Love, I have read, is hot.
But hate is the verb that to me is superb,
And Love but a drug on the mart.
Any kiddie in school can love like a fool,
But Hating, my boy, is an Art.
		-- Ogden Nash


Rule #1:
	The Boss is always right.

Rule #2:
	If the Boss is wrong, see Rule #1.


This hot and dusty cowboy rode in from the mesa, filthy and exhausted.  He
obviously had had nothing but his horse for company for a couple of weeks
and was looking forward to a couple of cold beers in the saloon.  Swinging
off his horse and hitching it to the rail, the cowboy gave his horse an
affectionate slap on the neck.  Then he astonished an old cowhand lounging
on the porch by moving around to the horse's hindquarters, lifting up its
tail and planting a demure kiss on its asshole.
	"What'd you do that for?" asked the cowhand, completely repulsed.
	"Chapped lips," said the cowboy, heading for the saloon doors.
	"Wait a minute," said the old guy.  "Whaddaya mean, chapped lips?"
	"Keeps ya from lickin' 'em," explained the cowboy.


Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down.


When a girl admits she's had a checkered career, it's your move.


The new rooster caused a great stir in the barnyard.  From resplendent comb
to defiant spurs, he was the picture of young bantamhood.  Almost immediately
upon arrival, he was greeted by an elderly rooster who took him behind the
barn and whispered in his ear: "Young fellow, I'm long past my prime.  All I
want now is peace and solitude.  So you take over right now as ruler of the
roost with my blessings."
	The newcomer did just that.  He went about his squirely duties as only
a young rooster could.  After several days, however, the elder rooster again
took the young champion behind the barn.  "Kid," he said, "the hens are after
me for giving up my position so readily.  So why don't we have a race, say,
ten laps around the farmhouse?  The winner becomes undisputed keeper of the
henhouse and the hens will stop nagging me."
	The young rooster, with only contempt for his elder, agreed.
Surprisingly, the older one jumped off to an early lead.  His counterpart,
weakened by the activities of the previous week, was never quite able to
overtake him.  As they rounded the barn for the fourth time, the elder rooster
maintained a formidable lead.
	Suddenly, a shotgun blast rang out.  The young rooster fell in the
dust, his plumage riddled with buckshot.
	"Dammit, Emmy," said the farmer.  "That's the last rooster we buy
from Ferguson.  Four of 'em this month, and every one's been queer."


In this world, nothing is certain but death and taxes.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


You can be replaced by this computer.


Telephone, n.:
	An invention of the devil which abrogates some of the advantages of
	making a disagreeable person keep his distance.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The older I grow, the less important the comma becomes.
Let the reader catch his own breath.
		-- Elizabeth Clarkson Zwart


When I demanded of my friend what viands he preferred,
He quoth: "A large cold bottle, and a small hot bird!"
		-- Eugene Field, "The Bottle and the Bird"


	There are two couples that want to convert to Catholicism.  They go
and see a priest and he tells them that the first requirement is to abstain
from sex for thirty days.
	Thirty days later, the couples come back to see the priest.  He asks
the first couple if they passed the test.
	"Father, we didn't so much as TOUCH one another during the last month.
	"Congratulations," the priest replies, "you are now qualified to enter
the Church."  Then, the priests asked the second couple how they did.
	"Well, Father," the husband says, "everything was going just fine
until the 27th day.  My wife bent over the freezer to get something out, and
I just happened to notice that she didn't have any panties on.  I couldn't
stand it any more, so I walked over to her, dropped my pants, and slipped it
to her right there."
	"That's DISGUSTING!", the priest bellows.  "I can never let you into
the Church after something like that."
	"I understand Father," the man replies sadly, "they won't let us
into Safeway anymore either."


	A musical reviewer admitted he always praised the first show of a
new theatrical season.  "Who am I to stone the first cast?"


There's no room in the drug world for amateurs.
		-- Raoul Duke


There are no manifestos like cannon and musketry.
		-- The Duke of Wellington


Chemicals, n.:
	Noxious substances from which modern foods are made.


FORTUNE'S GUIDE TO DEALING WITH REAL-LIFE SCIENCE FICTION: #6
What to do...
    if a starship, equipped with an FTL hyperdrive lands in your backyard?
	First of all, do not run after your camera.  You will not have any
	film, and, given the state of computer animation, noone will believe
	you anyway.  Be polite.  Remember, if they have an FTL hyperdrive,
	they can probably vaporize you, should they find you to be rude.
	Direct them to the White House lawn, which is where they probably
	wanted to land, anyway.  A good road map should help.

    if you wake up in the middle of the night, and discover that your
    closet contains an alternate dimension?
	Don't walk in.  You almost certainly will not be able to get back,
	and alternate dimensions are almost never any fun.  Remain calm
	and go back to bed.  Close the door first, so that the cat does not
	wander off.  Check your closet in the morning.  If it still contains
	an alternate dimension, nail it shut.


The human race has been fascinated by sharks for as long as I can remember.
Just like the bluebird feeding its young, or the spider struggling to weave
its perfect web, or the buttercup blooming in spring, the shark reveals to
us yet another of the infinite and wonderful facets of nature, namely the
facet that it can bite your head off.  This causes us humans to feel a
certain degree of awe.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wonders of Sharks on TV"


What is truth?  We must adopt a pragmatic definition: it is what is believed
to be the truth.  A lie that is put across therefore becomes the truth and
may, therefore, be justified.  The difficulty is to keep up lying... it is
simpler to tell the truth and if a sufficient emergency arises, to tell one,
big thumping lie that will then be believed.
		-- Ministry of Information, memo on the maintenance of
		   British civilian morale, 1939


Breakfast sometime?
	Sure.
Shall I call you or just nudge you?


Peter Wemm Murphy Field, n.:
	A field of abnormally frequent and severe Murphy's Law events
emanating from Mr. Peter Wemm.  The field was first discovered and
identified in Denmark during the initial FreeBSD SMP development.
Mr. Wemm was residing in Australia at the time.


QOTD:
	"Are you into casual sex, or should I dress up?"


CHRISTMAS:
	A time when each of us gets to reflect upon what we each most
	deeply and sincerely believe in.  Money.  At the mall of our
	choice.


The clergy successfully preached the doctrines of patience and pusillanimity;
the active virtues of society were discouraged; and the last remains of a
military spirit were buried in the cloister: a large portion of public and
private wealth was consecrated to the specious demands of charity and devotion;
and the soldiers' pay was lavished on the useless multitudes of both sexes
who could only plead the merits of abstinence and chastity.
		-- Edward Gibbons, "The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire"


It matters not whether you win or lose; what matters is whether *I* win
or lose.
		-- Darrin Weinberg


All the world's a stage and most of us are desperately un-rehearsed.
		-- Sean O'Casey


A computer without COBOL and Fortran is like a piece of chocolate
cake without ketchup and mustard.


Q:	What's a WASP's idea of open-mindedness?
A:	Dating a Canadian.


He that bringeth a present, findeth the door open.
		-- Scottish proverb


It was a warm, sunny Sunday, and a man and his wife decided to take in the zoo.
They spent the day, and at closing time they walked past the gorilla cage, and
the man noticed the gorilla looking at his wife.  "That gorilla is getting
excited just looking at your tits," he said.  "Why don't you take your blouse
off and we'll see what he does?"
	At first she refused.  But finally persuaded by her husband, she took
off her blouse and bra.  The gorilla went nuts.  He started grunting and
jumping up and down.
	"Hey," the husband said, "let's really blow his mind.  Take off all
your clothes and we'll see what he does."
	Again she said no and again he persuaded her.  This time the ape
really went bananas!  He climbed up and down the bars, did flips, ran around
in circles and tossed his food all over the cage.  The husband went over to
the cage, opened the door and pushed his wife in.
	"Now," said the husband, "tell that motherfucker you have a headache!"


Necessity is a mother.


"Last night,"  said a lassie named Ruth,
"In a long-distance telephone booth,
	I enjoyed the perfection
	Of an ideal connection --
I was screwed, if you must know the truth."


Sniff sniff...  Hey!  Who farted?


Magnocartic, adj.:
	Any automobile that, when left unattended, attracts shopping
	carts.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Mr. Rockford?  You don't know me, but I'd like to hire you.  Could
you call me at...  My name is... uh...  Never mind, forget it!


Baker's First Law of Federal Geometry:
	A block grant is a solid mass of money
	surrounded on all sides by governors.


The trouble with computers is that they do
what you tell them, not what you want.
		-- D. Cohen


HOW YOU CAN TELL THAT IT'S GOING TO BE A ROTTEN DAY:
	#32: You call your answering service and they've never heard of
	     you.


I never deny, I never contradict.  I sometimes forget.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli, British PM, on dealing with the
		   Royal Family


There is hardly a thing in the world that some man can
not make a little worse and sell a little cheaper.


Something better...

 1 (obvious): Excuse me.  Is that your nose or did a bus park on your face?
 2 (meteorological): Everybody take cover.  She's going to blow.
 3 (fashionable): You know, you could de-emphasize your nose if you wore
	something larger.  Like ... Wyoming.
 4 (personal): Well, here we are.  Just the three of us.
 5 (punctual): Alright gentlemen.  Your nose was on time but you were fifteen
	minutes late.
 6 (envious): Oooo, I wish I were you.  Gosh.  To be able to smell your
	own ear.
 7 (naughty): Pardon me, Sir.  Some of the ladies have asked if you wouldn't
	mind putting that thing away.
 8 (philosophical): You know.  It's not the size of a nose that's important.
	It's what's in it that matters.
 9 (humorous): Laugh and the world laughs with you.  Sneeze and its goodbye
	Seattle.
10 (commercial): Hi, I'm Earl Schibe and I can paint that nose for $39.95.
11 (polite): Ah.  Would you mind not bobbing your head.  The orchestra keeps
	changing tempo.
12 (melodic): Everybody! "He's got the whole world in his nose."
		-- Steve Martin, "Roxanne"


U:	There's a U -- a Unicorn!
	Run right up and rub its horn.
	Look at all those points you're losing!
	UMBER HULKS are so confusing.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC


A life spent in search of the perfect hash brownie is a life well spent.


I believe in an America where the separation of church and state is absolute
-- where no Catholic prelate would tell the president (should he be Catholic)
how to act, and no Protestant minister would tell his parishioners for whom
to vote -- where no church or church school is granted any public funds or
political preference -- and where no man is denied public office merely
because his religion differs from the president who might appoint him or
the people who might elect him.
		-- John F. Kennedy


You will probably marry after a very brief courtship.


We will have solar energy as soon as the utility companies solve
one technical problem -- how to run a sunbeam through a meter.


CONFIRMED BACHELOR:
	A man who goes through life without a hitch.


If we were meant to get up early, God would have created us
with alarm clocks.


No Marxist can deny that the interests of socialism are higher
than the interests of the right of nations to self-determination.
		-- Lenin, 1918


(1) Alexander the Great was a great general.
(2) Great generals are forewarned.
(3) Forewarned is forearmed.
(4) Four is an even number.
(5) Four is certainly an odd number of arms for a man to have.
(6) The only number that is both even and odd is infinity.
	Therefore, Alexander the Great had an infinite number of arms.


Remember, DESSERT is spelled with two `s's while DESERT is spelled
with one, because EVERYONE wants two desserts, but NO ONE wants two
deserts.
		-- Miss Oglethorp, Gr. 5, PS. 59


A lively case was in progress in the District Court at Lick Skillet. Judge
Flannery was presiding, and on the witness stand was Tush Bumpass.
	"From where ah was standin'", drawled Tush, "Ah could see he'd
backed 'er up agin' thet there wall, and ef Ah ever sawed a screwin' match,
thet one wuz!"
	"Mr. Bumpass," the Judge interrupted, "I'd prefer that you not use
the word 'screw' in the courtroom. Say 'intercourse' instead."
	Tush looked puzzled. "Intercourse?  Whut's thet, Judge?"
	His Honor sighed.  "It's a technicality of language that you're
probably not aware of.  Never mind.  Please continue."
	"Well, like ah said, he had 'er shoved up agin' thet wall, an' he
was... uh... intercoursin' 'er, an' he give 'er the crossjostle, the Chicago
Stroke, an' she let out with a holler thet..."
	"One moment," interrupted the Bench. "What is this, ah, Chicago
Stroke, Mr. Bumpass?"
	"Well, thet's a technicality of screwin', Judge, thet you're probably
not aware of!"


Some of us are becoming the men we wanted to marry.
		-- Gloria Steinem


Would you care to drift aimlessly in my direction?


When my fist clenches crack it open,
Before I use it and lose my cool.
When I smile tell me some bad news,
Before I laugh and act like a fool.

And if I swallow anything evil,
Put you finger down my throat.
And if I shiver please give me a blanket,
Keep me warm let me wear your coat

No one knows what it's like to be the bad man,
	to be the sad man.
Behind blue eyes.
No one knows what its like to be hated,
	to be fated,
To telling only lies.
		-- The Who, "Behind Blue Eyes"


Not Hercules could have knock'd out his brains, for he had none.
		-- William Shakespeare


From the Pointless Comparison Collection:

	To give you an idea of how sensitive these antennas are,
	if we were to "listen" to one spacecraft in the outer solar
	system by Jupiter or Saturn for 1 billion years and add up
	all the signal we collected, it would be enough power to
	set off the flash bulb on your camera once.

		-- Peter Doms, manager of the Deep Space Network
		   systems program at JPL


Never miss a good chance to shut up.


We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Absence makes the heart forget.


Seattle is so wet that people protect their property with watch-ducks.


The truth is what is; what should be is a dirty lie.
		-- Lenny Bruce


We have only two things to worry about:  That things will never get
back to normal, and that they already have.


H. L. Mencken's Law:
	Those who can -- do.
	Those who can't -- teach.

Martin's Extension:
	Those who cannot teach -- administrate.

		[No, those who can't teach, teach here.  Ed.]


Cox's philosophy:
	Life's a bitch, then you die.


Most people are too busy to have time for anything important.


The first and almost the only Book deserving of universal attention is
the Bible.
		-- John Quincy Adams

All the good from the Saviour of the world is communicated through this Book;
but for the Book we could not know right from wrong.  All the things desirable
to man are contained in it.
		-- Abraham Lincoln

... the Bible ... is the one supreme source of revelation of the meaning of
life, the nature of God and spiritual nature and need of men.  It is the only
guide of life which really leads the spirit in the way of peace and salvation.
		-- Woodrow Wilson


A freelancer is one who gets paid by the word -- per piece or perhaps.
		-- Robert Benchley


When you meet a master swordsman,
show him your sword.
When you meet a man who is not a poet,
do not show him your poem.
		-- Rinzai, ninth century Zen master


So little time, so little to do.
		-- Oscar Levant


College is like a woman -- you work so hard to get in, and nine months
later you wish you'd never come.


"... I should explain that I was wearing a black velvet cape that was
supposed to make me look like the dashing, romantic Zorro but which
actually made me look like a gigantic bat wearing glasses ..."
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wet Zorro Suit and Other Turning
		   Points in l'Amour"


Passwords are implemented as a result of insecurity.


Sometimes love ain't nothing but a misunderstanding between two fools.


There is no future in time travel.


Repartee is something we think of twenty-four hours too late.
		-- Mark Twain


May all the girls you fall in love with fall in love with girls themselves.


We have no scorched earth policy.
We have a policy of scorched Communists.
		-- General Efrain Rios Montt, President of Guatemala, 1982


The only difference between the saint and the sinner is that
every saint has a past and every sinner has a future.
		-- Oscar Wilde


skldfjkljklsR%^&(IXDRTYju187pkasdjbasdfbuil
h;asvgy8p	23r1vyui135	2
kmxsij90TYDFS$$b	jkzxdjkl bjnk ;j	nk;<[][;-==-<<<<<';[,
		[hjioasdvbnuio;buip^&(FTSD$%*VYUI:buio;sdf}[asdf']
				sdoihjfh(_YU*G&F^*CTY98y


Now look what you've gone and done!  You've broken it!


Never have so many understood so little about so much.
		-- James Burke


To give of yourself, you must first know yourself.


Interfere?  Of course we should interfere!  Always do what you're
best at, that's what I say.
		-- "Doctor Who"


The great secret in life ... [is] not to open your letters for a fortnight.
At the expiration of that period you will find that nearly all of them have
answered themselves.
		-- Arthur Binstead


All great ideas are controversial, or have been at one time.


Never sleep with a woman whose troubles are worse than your own.
		-- Nelson Algren


Jim, it's Grace at the bank.  I checked your Christmas Club account.
You don't have five-hundred dollars.  You have fifty.  Sorry, computer foul-up!


Sex is low in calories, and *oooh* that aftertaste!


Little Herbie had been blind since birth.  One day at bedtime, his mother
told him that the next day was a very special one.  If he prayed extra
hard, he'd be able to see when he woke up the next morning.  The next
morning she came into Herbie's room and asked him if he'd prayed hard
the night before.
	"Yes, Mommie," was his reply, "all night long!"
	"Well, then," she said, "open your eyes and you'll know that
your prayers have been answered."
Little Herbie opened his eyes, only to cry out,
	"Mother! Mother! I still can't see!"
	"I know, dear," said his mother, "April Fool."


Clarke's Conclusion:
	Never let your sense of morals interfere with doing the right thing.


Come along and sing a song and join our family.
B & D
S & M
Post to A.S.B.!
Rope and leather, cuffs and cats, and toys from JTT.
B & D
S & M
Post to A.S.B.!
A.S.B.!
	(A.S.B.!)
A.S.B.!
	(A.S.B.!)
Come on now, let's try another tie!
	(Tie! Tie! Tie!)
All the kinky folks are here, and some on IRC.
B & D
S & M
Post on A.S.B.!
		-- To the Mickey Mouse March


Do not think by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.


Most people have two reasons for doing anything --
a good reason, and the real reason.


Lady Nancy Astor:
	"Winston, if you were my husband, I'd put poison in your coffee."
Winston Churchill:
	"Nancy, if you were my wife, I'd drink it."

Lady Astor was giving a costume ball and Winston Churchill asked her what
disguise she would recommend for him.  She replied, "Why don't you come
sober, Mr. Prime Minister?"

	During a visit to America, Winston Churchill was invited to a buffet
luncheon at which cold fried chicken was served.  Returning for a second
helping, he asked politely, "May I have some breast?"
	"Mr. Churchill," replied the hostess, "in this country we ask for
white meat or dark meat."  Churchill apologized profusely.
	The following morning, the lady received a magnificent orchid from
her guest of honor.  The accompanying card read: "I would be most obliged if
you would pin this on your white meat."


You can't run away forever,
But there's nothing wrong with getting a good head start.
		-- Jim Steinman, "Rock and Roll Dreams Come Through"


Sometimes I feel like I'm fading away,
Looking at me, I got nothin' to say.
Don't make me angry with the things games that you play,
Either light up or leave me alone.


There is a 20% chance of tomorrow.


You attempt things that you do not even plan
because of your extreme stupidity.


It is against the grain of modern education to teach children to program.
What fun is there in making plans, acquiring discipline in organizing
thoughts, devoting attention to detail, and learning to be self-critical?
		-- Alan J. Perlis


Distributed Systems people do it loosely coupled.


For certain people, after fifty, litigation takes the place of sex.
		-- Gore Vidal


	In the morning, laughing, happy fish heads
	In the evening, floating in the soup.
(chorus):
Fish heads, fish heads, roly-poly fish heads;
Fish heads, fish heads, eat them up. Yum!
	You can ask them anything you want to.
	They won't answer; they can't talk.
(chorus):
	I took a fish head out to see a movie,
	Didn't have to pay to get it in.
(chorus):
	They can't play baseball; they don't wear sweaters;
	They aren't good dancers; they can't play drums.
(chorus):
	Roly-poly fish heads are NEVER seen drinking cappucino in
	Italian restaurants with Oriental women.
(chorus):
	Fishy!
(chorus):
		-- Fish Heads


We are all dying -- and we're gonna be dead for a long time.


When a lion meets another with a louder roar,
the first lion thinks the last a bore.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Don't marry for money; you can borrow it cheaper.
		-- Scottish proverb


Seems there was this traveling salesman who wandered into a brothel and
asked the madam for a woman who would give him the absolutely worst blow-job
imaginable.  Not horny, just homesick.


A girl's conscience doesn't really keep her from doing anything wrong--
it merely keeps her from enjoying it.


Just think -- blessed SCSI cables!  Do a big enough sacrifice and create
a +5 blessed SCSI cable of connectivity.
		-- Lionel Lauer


Any problem in computer science can be solved with another layer
of indirection.
		-- David Wheeler


I'm sorry, but after reading this thread, I'm having a hard time
coming up with an explanation for this nonsense which doesn't involve
you being a dumbass.
		-- Bill Paul <wpaul@FreeBSD.org>


Faith has never moved as much as a pin-head from the place it
ought to be according to tradition and the scriptures.  It is
the doubt that moved all the mountains.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Isn't it interesting that the same people who laugh at science fiction
listen to weather forecasts and economists?
		-- Kelvin Throop III


* * * * * THIS TERMINAL IS IN USE * * * * *


It's not pretty being easy.


They call them "squares" because it's the
most complicated shape they can deal with.


My mother was a test tube; my father was a knife.
		-- Friday


Save the Whales -- Harpoon a Honda.


DEC diagnostics would run on a dead whale.
		-- Mel Ferentz


Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.


			DELETE A FORTUNE!

Don't some of these fortunes just drive you nuts?!  Wouldn't you like
to see some of them deleted from the system?  You can!  Just mail to
"fortune" with the fortune you hate most, and we MIGHT make sure it
gets expunged.


There are only two things in this world that I am sure of, death and
taxes, and we just might do something about death one of these days.
		-- shades


Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


