Why not? -- What? -- Why not? -- Why should I not send it? -- Why should I
not dispatch it? -- Why not? -- Strange!  I don't know why I shouldn't --
Well, then -- You will do me this favor. -- Why not? -- Why should you not
do it? -- Why not? -- Strange!  I shall do the same for you, when you want
me to.  Why not?  Why should I not do it for you?  Strange!  Why not? --
I can't think why not.
		-- Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, from a letter to his cousin Maria,
		   "The Definitive Biography of PDQ Bach", Peter Schickele


Forgetfulness, n.:
	A gift of God bestowed upon debtors in compensation for
	their destitution of conscience.


Never give an inch!


I woke up this morning and discovered that everything in my apartment
had been stolen and replaced with an exact replica.  I told my roommate,
"Isn't this amazing?  Everything in the apartment has been stolen and
replaced with an exact replica."  He said, "Do I know you?"
		-- Steven Wright


It is through symbols that man consciously or unconsciously
lives, works and has his being.
		-- Thomas Carlyle


The goys have proven the following theorem...
		-- Physicist John von Neumann, at the start of a classroom
		lecture.


Petribar, n.:
	Any sun-bleached prehistoric candy that has been sitting in
	the window of a vending machine too long.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Earth Destroyed by Solar Flare -- film clips at eleven.


Disco is to music what Etch-A-Sketch is to art.


Sometimes, you just gotta say "What the fuck."
		-- Risky Business


Of all forms of caution, caution in love is the most fatal.


In this world some people are going to like me and some are not.
So, I may as well be me.  Then I know if someone likes me, they like me.


Normal times may possibly be over forever.


Make it myself?  But I'm a physical organic chemist!


Five rules for eternal misery:
	1) Always try to exhort others to look upon you favorably.
	2) Make lots of assumptions about situations and be sure to
	   treat these assumptions as though they are reality.
	3) Then treat each new situation as though it's a crisis.
	4) Live in the past and future only (become obsessed with
	   how much better things might have been or how much worse
	   things might become).
	5) Occasionally stomp on yourself for being so stupid as to
	   follow the first four rules.


Diplomacy is the art of letting the other party have things your way.
		-- Daniele Vare


Consultants are mystical people who ask a
company for a number and then give it back to them.


In the Top 40, half the songs are secret messages to the teen world to drop
out, turn on, and groove with the chemicals and light shows at discotheques.
		-- Art Linkletter


Smear the road with a runner!!


To stay youthful, stay useful.


When I was a young man, I vowed never to marry until I found the ideal
woman.  Well, I found her -- but alas, she was waiting for the ideal man.
		-- Robert Schuman


There is always someone worse off than yourself.


Support the right of unborn males to bear arms!
		-- A public service announcement from Phyllis Schlafly,
		   the Catholic Church, and the National Rifle
		   Association


Real programmers don't bring brown-bag lunches.  If the vending machine
doesn't sell it, they don't eat it.  Vending machines don't sell
quiche.


Kansas state law requires pedestrians crossing the highways at night to
wear tail lights.


Reputation, adj.:
	What others are not thinking about you.


If you're going to walk on thin ice, you might as well dance.


Take your Senator to lunch this week.


The distinction between Jewish and goyish can be quite subtle, as the
following quote from Lenny Bruce illustrates:

	"I'm Jewish.  Count Basie's Jewish.  Ray Charles is Jewish.
Eddie Cantor's goyish.  The B'nai Brith is goyish.  The Hadassah is
Jewish.  Marine Corps -- heavy goyish, dangerous.
	"Kool-Aid is goyish.  All Drake's Cakes are goyish.
Pumpernickel is Jewish and, as you know, white bread is very goyish.
Instant potatoes -- goyish.  Black cherry soda's very Jewish.
Macaroons are _v_e_r_y Jewish.  Fruit salad is Jewish.  Lime Jell-O is
goyish.  Lime soda is _v_e_r_y goyish.  Trailer parks are so goyish that
Jews won't go near them."
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


Ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so.
		-- John Stuart Mill


The three most dangerous things in the world are a programmer with a
soldering iron, a hardware type with a program patch and a user with
an idea.
		-- The Wizardry Compiled by Rick Cook


	Max told his friend that he'd just as soon not go hiking in the hills.
Said he, "I'm an anti-climb Max."


May the Fleas of a Thousand Camels infest one of your Erogenous Zones.


Even if you persuade me, you won't persuade me.
		-- Aristophanes


Sometimes it happens.  People just explode.  Natural causes.
		-- Repo Man


Absence in love is like water upon fire;
a little quickens, but much extinguishes it.
		-- Hannah More


You may already be a loser.
		-- Form letter received by Rodney Dangerfield


If you can lead it to water and force it to drink, it isn't a horse.


To err is human, but to really foul things up requires a computer.


She applies her lipstick in spite of its contents: "greasy rouge,
containing crushed and dried insect corpses for coloring, beeswax
for stiffness, and olive oil to help it flow - the latter having
the unfortunate tendency to go rancid several hours after use.

In 1924 the New York Board of Health considered banning lipstick,
not because it was hazardous to the wearers but because of "the
worry that it might poison the men who kissed the women who wore it."
		-- David Bodanis, "The Secret House"


Tallulah Bankhead barged down the
Nile last night as Cleopatra and sank.
		-- John Mason Brown, drama critic


Philosophy, n.:
	The ability to bear with calmness the misfortunes of our friends.


For perfect happiness, remember two things:
	(1) Be content with what you've got.
	(2) Be sure you've got plenty.


I was playing poker the other night... with Tarot cards.  I got a
full house and four people died.
		-- Steven Wright


Noise proves nothing.  Often a hen who has
merely laid an egg cackles as if she laid an asteroid.
		-- Mark Twain


Youth is a blunder, manhood a struggle, old age a regret.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli, "Coningsby"


Everything's great in this good old world;
(This is the stuff they can always use.)
God's in his heaven, the hill's dew-pearled;
(This will provide for baby's shoes.)
Hunger and War do not mean a thing;
Everything's rosy where'er we roam;
Hark, how the little birds gaily sing!
(This is what fetches the bacon home.)
		-- Dorothy Parker, "The Far Sighted Muse"


I never saw a purple cow
I never hope to see one
But I can tell you anyhow
I'd rather see than be one.
		-- Gellett Burgess

I've never seen a purple cow
I never hope to see one
But from the milk we're getting now
There certainly must be one
		-- Ogden Nash

Ah, yes, I wrote "The Purple Cow"
I'm sorry now I wrote it
But I can tell you anyhow
I'll kill you if you quote it.
		-- Gellett Burgess, many years later


Critic, n.:
	A person who boasts himself hard to please because nobody tries
	to please him.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Statistics means never having to say you're certain.


A woman, especially if she have the misfortune
of knowing anything, should conceal it as well as she can.
		-- Jane Austen


Promise her anything, but give her Exxon unleaded.


There is no fool to the old fool.
		-- John Heywood


If you think the problem is bad now, just wait until we've solved it.
		-- Arthur Kasspe


Mistakeholder, n.:
	A person who depends on accidental features or
	implementation errors and so now has a vested
	interest in keeping things from being fixed.
		-- Chip Morningstar


With/Without - and who'll deny it's what the fighting's all about?
		-- Pink Floyd


I go on working for the same reason a hen goes on laying eggs.
		-- H. L. Mencken


The reason why worry kills more people
than work is that more people worry than work.


Q:	What's white and crawls up your leg?
A:	Uncle Ben's Perverted Rice.


Through a major bureaucratic error, you are made county coroner.
You seriously consider the job because it gives you:

	1: Lots of unclaimed wedding rings and watches.
	2: Lots of gold fillings and bridges.
	3: Free blood.
	4: A constantly changing array of new friends who aren't at
	   all stuffy about what happens to their genitalia.


A stranger had just arrived in the mining town and was spending the evening at
the local saloon.  After a few drinks, he mentioned to the bartender that he
hadn't seen a single woman in the entire town.
	The bartender replied, "Nope.  Ain't no women in this town!"
	"No women? What do the men do for... er..."
	"Oh, for sex?  Did you see all those pigs in the street?  That's the
answer, right there."
	Shaking his head incredulously, the stranger settled back to his
drinking.  Within a short time, however, the liquor had convinced him that he
wanted to try out a pig himself.  He had watched several miners walk upstairs
to the trysting rooms with squealing piglets under their arms.  Now, he was
game to make his move.  He wandered out to the back of the saloon and chose
a nice fat, pink sow.  As he walked to the stairs, the entire saloon went
quiet.  In the embarrassing hush, all eyes were upon him.
	"What's the matter?  I thought all you fellows did this!"
	"Yeah, but that's Black Bart's girl," replied the barkeep.


Bringing computers into the home won't change
either one, but may revitalize the corner saloon.


	GREAT MOMENTS IN AMERICAN HISTORY #21 -- July 30, 1917

On this day, New York City hotel detectives burst in and caught then-
Senator Warren G. Harding in bed with an underage girl.  He bought them
off with a $20 bribe, and later remarked thankfully, "I thought I
wouldn't get out of that under $1000!"  Always one to learn from his
mistakes, in later years President Harding carried on his affairs in a
tiny closet in the White House Cabinet Room while Secret Service men
stood lookout.


All I ask is a chance to prove that money can't make me happy.


Q:	What's the difference between the 1950's and the 1980's?
A:	In the 80's, a man walks into a drugstore and states loudly, "I'd
	like some condoms," and then, leaning over the counter, whispers,
	"and some cigarettes."


LEARNING CURVE:
	An astonishing new theory, discovered by management consultants
	in the 1970's, asserting that the more you do something the
	quicker you can do it.


Don't drink when you drive -- you might hit a bump and spill it.


Two Peace Corp. doctors who had just returned to a stateside hospital
were in front of the main desk in the midst of a heated argument that
went along these lines:
	(1st doctor)	"No, no, no! It's 'waaaahmmmb'"
	(2nd doctor)	"No you're wrong! It's 'woooooommmb'"
and this continued for quite sometime.
	Finally a nurse stepped in and said: "The correct pronunciation is
'womb'" and trotted off.
	(1st doctor)	"That shows you what she knows."
	(2nd doctor)	"Yeah.  I bet she's never even SEEN a hippopotamus,
let alone heard one fart underwater."


The following quote is from page 4-27 of the MSCP Basic Disk Functions
Manual which is part of the UDA50 Programmers Doc Kit manuals:

As stated above, the host area of a disk is structured as a vector of
logical blocks.  From a performance viewpoint, however, it is more
appropriate to view the host area as a four dimensional hyper-cube, the
four dimensions being cylinder, group, track, and sector.
	. . .
Referring to our hyper-cube analogy, the set of potentially accessible
blocks form a line parallel to the track axis.  This line moves
parallel to the sector axis, wrapping around when it reaches the edge
of the hyper-cube.


Famous last words:
	1: Everything that you'll need to know is in the manual.
	2: You and what army?
	3: Don't worry, I can handle it.
	4: If you were as smart as you think you are, you wouldn't
		be a cop.
	5: I don't see how they make a profit
		out of this stuff at a dollar and a quarter a fifth.
	6: We're just getting into semantics again.
	7: Everything's under control.
	8: He's an asshole!  Don't try to "shush" me!


Love is like a friendship caught on fire.  In the beginning a flame, very
pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering.  As love
grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning
and unquenchable.
		-- Bruce Lee


Phone call for chucky-pooh.


Chorus:
	Grandma got run over by a reindeer,
	Walking home from our house Christmas eve.
	You can say there's no such thing as Santa,
	But as for me and Grandpa, we believe!
She'd been drinking too much eggnog,
And we begged her not to go.
But she'd forgot her medication,	When we found her Christmas morning,
And she staggered through the door	At the scene of the attack.
	out in the snow.		She had hoofprints on her forehead,
					And incriminating claus-marks on her
Now we're all so proud of Grandpa,		back.
He's been taking this so well.
See him in there watching football.	I've warned all my friends and
Drinking beer and playing cards			neighbors,
	with cousin Mel.		Better watch out for yourselves!
					They should never give a license,
					To a man who drives a sleigh and
						plays with elves!
		-- Elmo and Patsy, "Grandma Got Run Over by a Reindeer"


Those who have some means think that the most important thing in the
world is love.  The poor know that it is money.
		-- Gerald Brenan


Never explain.  Your friends do not need it
and your enemies will never believe you anyway.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


A hard man is good to find.


And you can't get any Watney's Red Barrel,
because the bars close every time you're thirsty...


A hunter saved a native boy from a boa constrictor.  In gratitude, the boy gave
the hunter a magic gorilla prick.  The lad said the prick would do anything you
told it to do until you told it to do something else.  When the hunter returned
home to England, he put the magic gorilla prick on the mantle along with some
of his other trophies.  His wife thought it quaint and his story charming.  But
soon, the hunter went a-safariing again.  He was away for months.  One evening,
the woman eyed the MGP carefully and whispered, "Gorilla Prick, fuck me."
Whereupon the thing jumped off the mantle and began to bang her with great
thoroughness and ferocity.  For the first twenty minutes it was pure heaven,
but after the next few minutes it became fatiguing, and she said, "Stop it,
Gorilla Prick," but it didn't.  After a bit more she was screaming "Stop!
Stop!" at the thing and trying to pull it out of her smoking hole.  But nothing
worked.  Finally, the butler bursts into the room, summoned by her screams.
	"Saunders, help me please!"
	"But what is it, Madame?"
	"It's a Magic Gorilla Prick!"
	"Gorilla prick, my ass!! ... AAAaaeeeeeeeeeiiiiiiiii!!!!!!"


Behind every great computer sits a skinny little geek.


It is better to give than to lend, and it costs about the same.


Fourth Law of Thermodynamics:  If the probability of success is not
almost one, it is damn near zero.
		-- David Ellis


What fools these morals be!


Sensible and responsible women do not want to vote.
		-- Grover Cleveland (1905)


Home life as we understand it is no more natural to us than a
cage is to a cockatoo.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


When you're in command, command.
		-- Admiral Nimitz


All most people ask of life is a constant
and exaggerated sense of their own importance.


QOTD:
	"Unlucky?  If I bought a pumpkin farm, they'd cancel Halloween."


Laughing at you is like drop kicking a wounded humming bird.


And prively he caughte hire by the queynte,
And heeld hire harde by the haunche-bones.
		-- Geoffrey Chaucer, "The Miller's Tale"


"I don't think so," said Ren'e Descartes.  Just then, he vanished.


Steady movement is more important than speed, much of the time.  So
long as there is a regular progression of stimuli to get your mental
hooks into, there is room for lateral movement.  Once this begins,
its rate is a matter of discretion.
		-- Corwin, "Prince of Amber"


David Letterman's "Things we can be proud of as Americans":

	* Greatest number of citizens who have actually boarded a UFO
	* Many newspapers feature "JUMBLE"
	* Hourly motel rates
	* Vast majority of Elvis movies made here
	* Didn't just give up right away during World War II
		like some countries we could mention
	* Goatees & Van Dykes thought to be worn only by weenies
	* Our well-behaved golf professionals
	* Fabulous babes coast to coast


Life is a healthy respect for mother nature laced with greed.


Girls would never stay out late if guys didn't make them.


Weiner's Law of Libraries:
	There are no answers, only cross references.


Keep your laws off my body!


I'm very old-fashioned.  I believe that people should marry for life,
like pigeons and Catholics.
		-- Woody Allen


Life is a series of rude awakenings.
		-- R. V. Winkle


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #21

	Shall I compare thee to a Summer day?
	No, I guess not.


Q:	What did the regular expression match?
A:	Identified the patterns "matc" and "match"


What will happen when the 32-bit Unix date goes negative in mid-January
2038 does not bear thinking about.
		-- Henry Spencer


Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.
		-- Alan Watts


Whatever else can be said about sex, it cannot be called a dignified
performance.
		-- Helen Lawrenson


People think love is an emotion.  Love is good sense.
		-- Ken Kesey


Please help keep the world clean: others may wish to use it.


Q:	How many Zen masters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	None.  The Universe spins the bulb, and the Zen master stays out
	of the way.


Fashions have done more harm than revolutions.
		-- Victor Hugo


Kern, v.:
	1. To pack type together as tightly as the kernels on an ear
	of corn.  2. In parts of Brooklyn and Queens, N.Y., a small,
	metal object used as part of the monetary system.


You give me space to belong to myself yet without separating me
from your own life.  May it all turn out to your happiness.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Where you stand depends on where you sit.
		-- Rufus Miles, HEW


And do you not think that each of you women is an Eve?  The judgment of God
upon your sex endures today; and with it invariably endures your position of
criminal at the bar of justice.
		-- Tertullian, second-century Christian writer


He who laughs last -- missed the punch line.


You can lead a whore to Vasser, but you can't make her think.
		-- Frederick B. Artz


Life is like an onion: you peel off layer after
layer and then you find there is nothing in it.
		-- James Huneker


AMBIGUITY:
	Telling the truth when you don't mean to.


Well, I'm disenchanted too.  We're all disenchanted.
		-- James Thurber


Then there was the girl whose boyfriend didn't smoke, drink or
swear, and never, ever made a pass at her.  He also made his own dresses.


There are two problems with a major hangover.  You feel
like you are going to die and you're afraid that you won't.


A new supply of round tuits has arrived and are available from Mary.
Anyone who has been putting off work until they got a `round tuit'
now has no excuse for further procrastination.


Two recent emigrants to the United States, on their first day off the boat
in New York City, spied a hotdog vendor.  "Do they eat dogs in America?"
one asked his companion.
	"I don't know."
	"Well, if we're going to live in America, we have to learn to eat
American foods."
	So they each bought a wax paper wrapped hotdog and sat down to eat
them on a nearby park bench.  One man looked inside his wax paper, then over
at the other man, and asked, "So, what part did you get?"


Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	Are you sure you're telling the truth?  Think hard.
	Does it make you happy to know you're sending me to an early grave?
	If all your friends jumped off the cliff, would you jump too?
	Do you feel bad?  How do you think I feel?
	Aren't you ashamed of yourself?
	Don't you know any better?
	How could you be so stupid?
	If that's the worst pain you'll ever feel, you should be thankful.
	You can't fool me.  I know what you're thinking.
	If you can't say anything nice, say nothing at all.


To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what
he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.


The herd instinct among economists
makes sheep look like independent thinkers.


