That segment of the community with which one has the greatest
sympathy as a liberal, inevitably turns out to be one of the most
narrow-minded and bigoted segments of the community.


Cover your stump before you hump.
Before you attack her, wrap your wacker.
Don't be silly... protect your Willie.
Wrap it in foil before checking her oil.
If you're not going to sack it, go home and wack it.
		-- National Condom Week


Good day to deal with people in high places;
particularly lonely stewardesses.


	Many lower life forms demonstrate qualities that, at first, just don't
seem survival oriented.  For instance, the female praying mantis, after mating
with, well, her mate, will devour him.  For the male praying mantis, however,
it's a catch-22.  If he mates, he gets screwed out of an opportunity to mate
again.  If he doesn't mate, he doesn't reproduce, ending his family tree.  This
suicidal behavior is commonly called the Preying Mantis Syndrome -- and many
life forms are periodically subject to its wrath.  How did the preying mantis
become stuck in such an awful, vicious cycle?  This is probably what happened:
	The male mantis arrives at the residence of the female mantis.  After
some courtship exercises (dinner, a movie, inserting the diaphragm) they mate.
The female mantis, her lust for... lust being satisfied, relaxes while the
male raids the refrigerator and returns home.  This behavior continues until
the male and female (mantissas?) establish a permanent relationship.  Then the
male establishes a new pattern of behavior:  Football on Mondays, baseball on
Tuesdays, happy hour on Wednesdays, uh, well, uh, working-late-at-the-office
on Thursdays, etc. etc.  The female tolerates this for awhile, then files for
a divorce.  After a long court battle, she concludes one thing:  It simplifies
matters tremendously to just eat him when you're done with him.
	Well, through the centuries of evolution, the Preying Mantis Syndrome
has been carried up to the highest life forms, as well as to humans.  That is
why, one week out of every month, the female of the species will feel compelled
to bite the head off of the male.  The Syndrome is inescapable, but when it
occurs in the female of our species, it's best to just avoid them for a while.


If you are over 80 years old and accompanied
by your parents, we will cash your check.


One is not superior merely because one sees the world as odious.
		-- Chateaubriand (1768-1848)


Armstrong's Collection Law:
	If the check is truly in the mail,
	it is surely made out to someone else.


There are two ways of constructing a software design: One way is to
make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies, and the
other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious
deficiencies.
		-- C. A. R. Hoare


Smile, Cthulhu Loathes You.


It's midnight.  The old man is awake, nervously pacing the floor, as his
20-year-old son comes in.

	"Whatta you mean?  You staya out alla night, you runna around widda
bums.  Whatta you trying to do?"
	"Papa, don't talk like that," replies the boy.
	"Who-a you, tella me notta talka like that?  You no work, you
chase-a bad women, whatta become of you?"
	"Papa, *please* don't talk like that."
	"Don'ta talka like that?  Whatta you mean?  Why shouldn't I talka
likka that?"
	"Papa, we're not Italian."


Il brilgue: les t^oves libricilleux
	Se gyrent et frillant dans le guave,
Enm^im'es sont les gougebosquex,
	Et le m^omerade horgrave.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


Q:	What's the difference between a Fairy Tale, and a War Story?
A:	Nothing, except Fairy Tales start off with "Once upon a time".
	War Stories start off with "No shit, this really happened".

	[I thought Fairy Tales started off, "Honey, I'm gonna be at the
	office a little late, tonight...  Ed.]


Honesty is for the most part less profitable than dishonesty.
		-- Plato


Best Beer: A panel of tasters assembled by the Consumer's Union in 1969
judged Coors and Miller's High Life to be among the very best. Those who
doubt that beer is a serious subject might ponder its effect on American
history. For example, New England's first colonists decided to drop anchor
at Plymouth Rock instead of continuing on to Virginia because, as one of
them put it, "We could not now take time for further consideration, our
victuals being spent and especially our beer."
		-- Felton & Fowler's Best, Worst & Most Unusual


I was the best I ever had.
		-- Woody Allen


Sex is what women have and men want.


Luck, that's when preparation and opportunity meet.
		-- P. E. Trudeau


History is nothing but a collection of fables and useless trifles,
cluttered up with a mass of unnecessary figures and proper names.
		-- Leo Tolstoy


You are going to have a new love affair.


Established technology tends to persist in the face of new technology.
		-- G. Blaauw, one of the designers of System 360


Sometimes I live in the country,
And sometimes I live in town.
And sometimes I have a great notion,
To jump in the river and drown.


But Officer, I stopped for the last one, and it was green!


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(28) Abraham Lincoln saved this nation.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Premature ejaculator, n.:
	Troubled shooter.


The Government just announced today the creation of the Neutron Bomb II.
Similar to the Neutron Bomb, the Neutron Bomb II not only kills people
and leaves buildings standing, but also does a little light housekeeping.


Anything that is worth doing has been done frequently.  Things hitherto
undone should be given, I suspect, a wide berth.
		-- Max Beerbohm, "Mainly on the Air"


You have a strong appeal for members of the opposite sex.


A real gentleman never takes bases unless he really has to.
		-- Overheard in an algebra lecture


I think that I shall never see
A billboard lovely as a tree.
Indeed, unless the billboards fall
I'll never see a tree at all.
		-- Ogden Nash


Boren's Laws:
	(1) When in charge, ponder.
	(2) When in trouble, delegate.
	(3) When in doubt, mumble.


Ingrate, n.:
	A man who bites the hand that feeds him,
	and then complains of indigestion.


A flashy Mercedes-Benz roared up to the curb where a cute young miss stood
waiting for a taxi.
	"Hi," said the gentleman at the wheel.  "I'm going west."
	"How wonderful," came the cool reply.  "Bring me back an orange."


It'll be a nice world if they ever get it finished.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #4

WITLESS:
	Peter Weir directs Sylvester Stallone in the most challenging role
	of his career.  Stallone plays a Philadelphia police officer on the
	run from corrupt officials.  He is wounded and then nursed back to
	health by Amish Mennonites.  Fearful that they might unwittingly
	reveal his hiding place, he blows them all away.


Fifth Law of Procrastination:
	Procrastination avoids boredom; one never has the feeling that
there is nothing important to do.


The pollution's at that awkward stage.
Too thick to navigate and too thin to cultivate.
		-- Doug Sneyd


Hotels are tired of getting ripped off.  I checked into a hotel and they
had towels from my house.
		-- Mark Guido


Vila:	"I think I have just made the biggest mistake of my life."
Orac:	"It is unlikely.  I would predict there are far greater mistakes
	waiting to be made by someone with your obvious talent for it."


Our sires' age was worse that our grandsires'.
We their sons are more worthless than they:
so in our turn we shall give the world a progeny yet more corrupt.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Both models are identical in performance, functional operation, and
interface circuit details.  The two models, however, are not compatible
on the same communications line connection.
		-- Bell System Technical Reference


WYSIWYG:
	What You See Is What You Get.


To use violence is to already be defeated.
		-- Chinese proverb


I think that I shall never see
A billboard lovely as a tree.
Indeed, unless the billboards fall
I'll never see a tree at all.
		-- Ogden Nash


Food for thought is no substitute for the real thing.
		-- Walt Kelly, "Potluck Pogo"


	"Have you lived here all your life?"
	"Oh, twice that long."


Is your job running?  You'd better go catch it!


A distraught patient phoned her doctor's office.  "Was it true," the woman
inquired, "that the medication the doctor had prescribed was for the rest
of her life?"
	She was told that it was.  There was just a moment of silence before
the woman proceeded bravely on.  "Well, I'm wondering, then, how serious my
condition is.  This prescription is marked `NO REFILLS'".


The duration of passion is proportionate with the original resistance
of the woman.
		-- Honore de Balzac


Don't speak about Time, until you have spoken to him.


QOTD:
	"Like this rose, our love will wilt and die."


I went to a wild party last night.  I tell ya, it was so wild, we played
a new version of Russian roulette.  We passed around six girls and one
of them had V.D.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would
be a merrier world.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


The devil finds work for idle glands.


A person is just about as big as the things that make him angry.


Don't worry about people stealing your ideas.  If your ideas
are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.
		-- Howard Aiken


The Great Bald Swamp Hedgehog:
	The Great Bald Swamp Hedgehog of Billericay displays, in
courtship, his single prickle and does impressions of Holiday Inn desk
clerks.  Since this means him standing motionless for enormous periods
of time he is often eaten in full display by The Great Bald Swamp
Hedgehog Eater.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Life would be much simpler and things would get done much faster if it
weren't for other people.
		-- Blore


	Carol's head ached as she trailed behind the unsmiling Calibrees
along the block of booths.  She chirruped at Kennicott, "Let's be wild!
Let's ride on the merry-go-round and grab a gold ring!"
	Kennicott considered it, and mumbled to Calibree, "Think you folks
would like to stop and try a ride on the merry-go-round?"
	Calibree considered it, and mumbled to his wife, "Think you'd like
to stop and try a ride on the merry-go-round?"
	Mrs. Calibree smiled in a washed-out manner, and sighed, "Oh no,
I don't believe I care to much, but you folks go ahead and try it."
	Calibree stated to Kennicott, "No, I don't believe we care to a
whole lot, but you folks go ahead and try it."
	Kennicott summarized the whole case against wildness: "Let's try
it some other time, Carrie."
	She gave it up.
		-- Sinclair Lewis, "Main Street"


O, it is excellent
To have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous
To use it like a giant.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Measure for Measure", II, 2


You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.


There is only one way to kill capitalism --
by taxes, taxes, and more taxes.
		-- Karl Marx


Duckies are fun!


I believe that Ronald Reagan will someday make this country what it
once was ... an arctic wilderness.
		-- Steve Martin


You have been in Afghanistan, I perceive.
		-- Sherlock Holmes, "A Study in Scarlet"


Parkinson's Fourth Law:
	The number of people in any working group tends to increase
	regardless of the amount of work to be done.


Living in LA is like not having a date on Saturday night.
		-- Candice Bergen


Anger kills as surely as the other vices.


Mistakeholder, n.:
	A person who depends on accidental features or
	implementation errors and so now has a vested
	interest in keeping things from being fixed.
		-- Chip Morningstar


The college graduate is presented with a sheepskin to cover his
intellectual nakedness.
		-- Robert M. Hutchins


Everybody needs a little love sometime;
stop hacking and fall in love!


What did you do when the ship sank?
I grabbed a cake of soap and washed myself ashore.


PAIN:
	One thing, at least it proves that you're alive!


About the only thing on a farm that has an easy time is the dog.


But they'll never mechanize me -- not me!
Said Charlotte, the Louisville harlot.
		-- S.I. Hayakawa


Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
		-- Alexander Pope


Your supervisor is thinking about you.


Disc space -- the final frontier!


Virginity is a bubble on the sea of life,
which takes but one prick to break.
		-- Jordan Sand


All this big deal about white collar crime -- what's WRONG with white collar
crime?  Who enjoys his job today?  You?  Me?  Anybody?  The only satisfying
part of any job is coffee break, lunch hour and quitting time.  Years ago
there was at least the hope of improvement -- eventual promotion -- more
important jobs to come.  Once you can be sold the myth that you may make
president of the company you'll hardly ever steal stamps.  But nobody
believes he's going to be president anymore.  The more people change jobs
the more they realize that there is a direct connection between working for
a living and total stupefying boredom.  So why NOT take revenge?  You're not
going to find ME knocking a guy because he pads an expense account and his
home stationery carries the company emblem.  Take away crime from the white
collar worker and you will rob him of his last vestige of job interest.
		-- J. Feiffer


Whom the mad would destroy, first they make Gods.
		-- Bernard Levin


Your object is to save the world,
while still leading a pleasant life.


And... What in the world ever became of Sweet Jane?
	She's lost her sparkle, you see she isn't the same.
	Livin' on reds, vitamin C, and cocaine
	All a friend can say is "Ain't it a shame?"
		-- The Grateful Dead


Some men love truth so much that they seem to be in continual fear
lest she should catch a cold on overexposure.
		-- Samuel Butler


Which would you rather have, a bursting
planet or an earthquake here and there?
		-- John Joseph Lynch


He who steps on others to reach the top has good balance.


Stupid, n.:
	Losing $25 on the game and $25 on the instant replay.


When one wants to get rid of an unsupportable pressure, one needs hashish.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


A joint is just tea for two.


FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #19

A:	To be or not to be.
Q:	What is the square root of 4b^2?


Be both a speaker of words and a doer of deeds.
		-- Homer


One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible.
Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought,
a rivalry of aim.
		-- Henry Brook Adams


It is dangerous for a national candidate to say things that people might
remember.
		-- Eugene McCarthy


It is difficult to produce a television documentary that is both
incisive and probing when every twelve minutes one is interrupted by
twelve dancing rabbits singing about toilet paper.
		-- Rod Serling


The three best things about going to school are June, July, and August.


Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth.
		-- Erma Bombeck


He who is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.


Sex is what women have and men want.


Competitive fury is not always anger.  It is the true missionary's
courage and zeal in facing the possibility that one's best may not
be enough.
		-- Gene Scott


An actor's a guy who if you ain't talkin' about him, ain't listening.
		-- Marlon Brando


Pauca sed matura.  (Few but excellent.)
		-- Gauss


You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.


Things Charles Darwin did not say:

Nah, it's only a theory - I don't think it should be taught in schools.


There is no likelihood man can ever tap the power of the atom.
		-- Robert Millikan, Nobel Prize in Physics, 1923


Anything labeled "NEW" and/or "IMPROVED" isn't.
The label means the price went up.
The label "ALL NEW", "COMPLETELY NEW", or "GREAT NEW"
means the price went way up.


Murphy's Law of Research:
	Enough research will tend to support your theory.


We seldom repent talking too little, but very often talking too much.
		-- Jean de la Bruyere


Superstitions typically involve seeing order where in fact there is
none, and denial amounts to rejecting evidence of regularities,
sometimes even ones that are staring us in the face.
		-- Murray Gell-Mann, "Quark and the Jaguar"


When asked by an anthropologist what the Indians called America before
the white men came, an Indian said simply "Ours."
		-- Vine Deloria, Jr.


The reason big companies have lots and lots of meetings is because
they can't masturbate.


Beware of a dark-haired man with a loud tie.


I will not play at tug o' war.
I'd rather play at hug o' war,
Where everyone hugs
Instead of tugs,
Where everyone giggles
And rolls on the rug,
Where everyone kisses,
And everyone grins,
And everyone cuddles,
And everyone wins.
		-- Shel Silverstein, "Hug O' War"


Where is John Carson now that we need him?
		-- RLG


If a train station is a place where a train stops, what's a workstation?


Any small object that is accidentally
dropped will hide under a larger object.


Even if you do learn to speak correct
English, whom are you going to speak it to?
		-- Clarence Darrow


The government was contemplating the dispatch of an expedition to Burma,
with a view to taking Rangoon, and a question arose as to who would be the
fittest general to be sent in command of the expedition.  The Cabinet sent
for the Duke of Wellington, and asked his advice.  He instantly replied,
"Send Lord Combermere."
	"But we have always understood that your Grace thought Lord
Combermere a fool."
	"So he is a fool, and a damned fool; but he can take Rangoon."
		-- G. W. E. Russell


Burnt Sienna.  That's the best thing that ever happened to Crayolas.
		-- Ken Weaver


Whenever you find that you are on the
side of the majority, it is time to reform.
		-- Mark Twain


Think twice before speaking, but don't say "think think click click".


Saints should always be judged guilty until they are proved innocent.
		-- George Orwell, "Reflections on Gandhi"


Polymer physicists are into chains.


The mate for beauty should be a man and not a money chest.
		-- Bulwer


Immortality -- a fate worse than death.
		-- Edgar A. Shoaff


One doesn't have a sense of humor.  It has you.
		-- Larry Gelbart


In California, Bill Honig, the Superintendent of Public Instruction, said he
thought the general public should have a voice in defining what an excellent
teacher should know.  "I would not leave the definition of math," Dr. Honig
said, "up to the mathematicians."
		-- The New York Times, October 22, 1985


You don't become a failure until you're satisfied with being one.


Old McDonald had a farm,
E-I-E-I-O!
And on this farm he had some chicks,
E-I-E-I-O!
With a chick-chick here,
And a chick-chick there,
Here a chick,
There a chick,
Everywhere a chick-chick,
Old McDonald lost his farm
'Cause he had too many chicks!


Thank God for the Duchess of Gloucester,
She obliges all who accost her.
	She welcomes the prick
	Of Tom, Harry or Dick,
Or Baldwin, or even Lord Astor.


Do not clog intellect's sluices with bits of knowledge of questionable uses.


If you are not for yourself, who will be for you?
If you are for yourself, then what are you?
If not now, when?


Couldn't we jury-rig the cat to act as an audio switch, and have it yell
at people to save their core images before logging them out?  I'm sure
the cattle prod would be effective in this regard.  In any case, a traverse
mounted iguana, while more perverted, gives better traction, not to mention
being easier to stake.


The only thing we learn from history is that we do not learn.
		-- Earl Warren

That men do not learn very much from history is the most important of all
the lessons that history has to teach.
		-- Aldous Huxley

We learn from history that we do not learn from history.
		-- Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel

HISTORY:  Papa Hegel he say that all we learn from history is that we learn
nothing from history.  I know people who can't even learn from what happened
this morning.  Hegel must have been taking the long view.
		-- Chad C. Mulligan, "The Hipcrime Vocab"


Between grand theft and a legal fee, there only stands a law degree.


Be prepared... that's the Boy Scout's solemn creed.
Be prepared... to be clean in word and deed.
Don't solicit for your sister, that's not nice,
Unless you get a good percentage of her price ...
		-- Tom Lehrer


A person is just about as big as the things that make him angry.


You know you're getting old when you're Dad, and you're measuring your
daughter for camp clothes, and there are certain measurements only her
mother is allowed to take.


If all men were brothers, would you let one marry your sister?


We thrive on euphemism.  We call multi-megaton bombs "Peace-keepers", closet
size apartments "efficient" and incomprehensible artworks "innovative".  In
fact, "euphemism" has become a euphemism for "bald-faced lie".  And now, here
are the euphemisms so colorfully employed in Personal Ads:

EUPHEMISM			REALITY
-------------------		-------------------------
Excited about life's journey	No concept of reality
Spiritually evolved		Oversensitive
Moody				Manic-depressive
Soulful				Quiet manic-depressive
Poet				Boring manic-depressive
Sultry/Sensual			Easy
Uninhibited			Lacking basic social skills
Unaffected and earthy		Slob and lacking basic social skills
Irreverent			Nasty and lacking basic social skills
Very human			Quasimodo's best friend
Swarthy				Sweaty even when cold or standing still
Spontaneous/Eclectic		Scatterbrained
Flexible			Desperate
Aging child			Self-centered adult
Youthful			Over 40 and trying to deny it
Good sense of humor		Watches a lot of television


FEAR:
	What you feel when you see a U-Haul with Texas license plates.


Television is a medium because anything well done is rare.
		-- attributed to both Fred Allen and Ernie Kovacs


Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet depreciate agitation, are
men who want rain without thunder and lightning.  They want the ocean
without the roar of its many waters.
		-- Frederick Douglass


With a gentleman I try to be a gentleman and a half, and with a fraud I
try to be a fraud and a half.
		-- Otto von Bismarck


Practically perfect people never permit
sentiment to muddle their thinking.
		-- Mary Poppins


//GO.SYSIN DD *, DOODAH, DOODAH


Dungeons and Dragons is just a lot of Saxon Violence.


He is no lawyer who cannot take two sides.


Where is John Carson now that we need him?
		-- RLG


Old Mother Hubbard
Went to the cupboard
To get her poor dog a bone.
When she bent over,
Her Rover took over
And she got a bone of her own.
		-- Andrew "Dice" Clay


Odets, where is thy sting?
		-- George S. Kaufman


Some scholars are like donkeys, they merely carry a lot of books.
		-- Folk saying


The hope that springs eternal
Springs right up your behind.
		-- Ian Drury, "This Is What We Find"


I like myself, but I won't say I'm as handsome as the bull
that kidnaped Europa.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero


Clone, n.:
	1. An exact duplicate, as in "our product is a clone of their
	product."  2. A shoddy, spurious copy, as in "their product
	is a clone of our product."


It gets late early out there.
		-- Yogi Berra


Real computer scientists don't comment their code.  The identifiers are
so long they can't afford the disk space.


Beauty, n.:
	The power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain.
		-- Frank Morgan as The Wizard, "The Wizard of Oz"


	A young man asked his father to lend him $50 for a blowjob,
whereupon his father solemnly replied, "When I was young we used to
settle for a kiss."
	The son retorted, "OK, how about $50 for a long low kiss?"


Delores breezed along the surface of her life like a flat stone forever
skipping along smooth water, rippling reality sporadically but oblivious
to it consistently, until she finally lost momentum, sank, and due to an
overdose of fluoride as a child which caused her to suffer from chronic
apathy, doomed herself to lie forever on the floor of her life as useless
as an appendix and as lonely as a five-hundred pound barbell in a
steroid-free fitness center.
		-- Winning sentence, 1990 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest


Ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny.


You get along very well with everyone except animals and people.


VUJA DE:
	The feeling that you've *never*, *ever* been in this situation before.


No question is so difficult as one to which the answer is obvious.


	THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #8: LAIDBACK

This language was developed at the Marin County Center for T'ai Chi,
Mellowness and Computer Programming (now defunct), as an alternative to
the more intense atmosphere in nearby Silicon Valley.

The center was ideal for programmers who liked to soak in hot tubs
while they worked.  Unfortunately few programmers could survive there
because the center outlawed Pizza and Coca-Cola in favor of Tofu and
Perrier.

Many mourn the demise of LAIDBACK because of its reputation as a gentle
and non-threatening language since all error messages are in lower
case.  For example, LAIDBACK responded to syntax errors with the
message:
	"i hate to bother you, but i just can't relate to that.  can
	you find the time to try it again?"


Grub first, then ethics.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


There is more simplicity in a man who eats caviar on impulse than in a
man who eats Grapenuts on principle.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


Oh, I have slipped the surly bonds of earth,
And danced the skies on laughter silvered wings;
Sunward I've climbed and joined the tumbling mirth
Of sun-split clouds and done a hundred things
You have not dreamed of --
Wheeled and soared and swung
High in the sunlit silence.
Hovering there
I've chased the shouting wind along and flung
My eager craft through footless halls of air.
Up, up along delirious, burning blue
I've topped the wind-swept heights with easy grace,
Where never lark, or even eagle flew;
And, while with silent, lifting mind I've trod
The high untrespassed sanctity of space,
Put out my hand, and touched the face of God.
		-- John Gillespie Magee, Jr., "High Flight"


Get your bytes from our backend!
		-- Britton Lee


Well, you see, it's such a transitional creature.  It's a piss-poor reptile
and not very much of a bird.
		-- Melvin Konner, from "The Tangled Wing", quoting a
		   zoologist who has studied the archeopteryx and found it
		   "very much like people".


The person who makes no mistakes does not usually make anything.


