Adler's Distinction:
	Language is all that separates us from the lower animals,
	and from the bureaucrats.


Build a man a fire, and he'll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire,
and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
		-- Terry Pratchett


There are three rules for writing a novel.
Unfortunately, no one knows what they are.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham


LIFE:
	A whim of several billion cells to be you for a while.


It's hard to keep a good girl down -- but lots of fun trying.


Why attack God?  He may be as miserable as we are.
		-- Erik Satie


So it's ai yi yi yi,
Your mother scores more than Wayne Gretzky!
So sing me another verse that worse than the other verse,
And waltz me around by my willie!

	There once was a man from Nantucket!
	Whose cock was so long he could suck it!
		He said with a grin,
		As he wiped off his chin,
	If my ear were a cunt I could fuck it!

So it's ai yi yi yi,
Your sister does squat thrusts on flag poles!
So sing me another verse that worse than the other verse,
And waltz me around by my willie!

	There once was a young man from Boston!
	Who drove around town in an Austin!
		There was room for his ass,
		And a gallon of gas,
	So he hung out his balls and he lost 'em!


Fast, cheap, good: pick two.


REPORTER: Senator, are you for or against the MX missile system?

SENATOR: Bob, the MX missile system reminds me of an old saying that
the country folk in my state like to say.  It goes like this: "You can
carry a pig for six miles, but if you set it down it might run away."
I have no idea why the country folk say this.  Maybe there's some kind
of chemical pollutant in their drinking water.  That is why I pledge to
do all that I can to protect the environment of this great nation of
ours, and put prayer back in the schools, where it belongs.  What we
need is jobs, not empty promises.  I realize I'm risking my political
career by being so outspoken on a sensitive issue such as the MX, but
that's just the kind of straight-talking honest person I am, and I
can't help it.
		-- Dave Barry, "On Presidential Politics"


Ours is a world where people don't know what they
want and are willing to go through hell to get it.


The only thing we learn from history is that we do not learn.
		-- Earl Warren

That men do not learn very much from history is the most important of all
the lessons that history has to teach.
		-- Aldous Huxley

We learn from history that we do not learn from history.
		-- Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel

HISTORY:  Papa Hegel he say that all we learn from history is that we learn
nothing from history.  I know people who can't even learn from what happened
this morning.  Hegel must have been taking the long view.
		-- Chad C. Mulligan, "The Hipcrime Vocab"


Now is the time for all good men to come to.
		-- Walt Kelly


You can't hug a child with nuclear arms.


Although written many years ago, Lady Chatterley's Lover has just been
reissued by the Grove Press, and this pictorial account of the day-to-day
life of an English gamekeeper is full of considerable interest to outdoor
minded readers, as it contains many passages on pheasant-raising, the
apprehending of poachers, ways to control vermin, and other chores and duties
of the professional gamekeeper.  Unfortunately, one is obliged to wade
through many pages of extraneous material in order to discover and savour
those sidelights on the management of a midland shooting estate, and in this
reviewer's opinion the book cannot take the place of J. R. Miller's "Practical
Gamekeeping."
		-- Ed Zern, "Field and Stream" (Nov. 1959)


Early to rise and early to bed makes
a man healthy and wealthy and dead.
		-- James Thurber


Personifiers of the world, unite!
You have nothing to lose but Mr. Dignity!
		-- Bernadette Bosky


Democracy is the name we give the people whenever we need them.
		-- Arman de Caillavet, 1913


If we could sell our experiences for what they cost us, we would
all be millionaires.
		-- Abigail Van Buren


Couples in motion have moments.


A successful [software] tool is one that was used to do something
undreamed of by its author.
		-- S. C. Johnson


History is curious stuff
	You'd think by now we had enough
Yet the fact remains I fear
	They make more of it every year.


Democracy is the worst form of government except all those other
forms that have been tried from time to time.
		-- Winston Churchill


Youth.  It's a wonder that anyone ever outgrows it.


QOTD:
	"One day, I'd like to wake up in the morning to find that every
	gay and lesbian has lavender skin.  On that morning, I will be
	-- mauve."


Try to get all of your posthumous medals in advance.


The streets are safe in Philadelphia, it's only the people who make
them unsafe.
		-- Mayor Frank Rizzo


Any circuit design must contain at least one part which is obsolete, two parts
which are unobtainable, and three parts which are still under development.


Confidant, confidante, n.:
	One entrusted by A with the secrets of B, confided to himself by C.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


We had it tough ... I had to get up at 9 o'clock at night, half an
hour before I went to bed, eat a lump of dry poison, work 29 hours down
mill, and when we came home our Dad would kill us, and dance about on
our grave singing Hallelujah ...
		-- Monty Python


Credit ... is the only enduring testimonial to man's confidence in man.
		-- James Blish


There's nothing wrong with America that a good erection wouldn't cure.
		-- David Mairowitz


Anything created must necessarily be inferior to the essence of the creator.
		-- Claude Shouse

Einstein's mother must have been one heck of a physicist.
		-- Joseph C. Wang


Plagiarize, plagiarize,
Let no man's work evade your eyes,
Remember why the good Lord made your eyes,
Don't shade your eyes,
But plagiarize, plagiarize, plagiarize.
Only be sure to call it research.
		-- Tom Lehrer


Ray's Rule of Precision:
	Measure with a micrometer.  Mark with chalk.  Cut with an axe.


A long memory is the most subversive idea in America.


College football is a game which would be much more interesting if the
faculty played instead of the students, and even more interesting if
the trustees played.  There would be a great increase in broken arms,
legs, and necks, and simultaneously an appreciable diminution in the
loss to humanity.
		-- H. L. Mencken


"Lines that are parallel meet at Infinity!"
Euclid repeatedly, heatedly, urged.

Until he died, and so reached that vicinity:
in it he found that the damned things diverged.
		-- Piet Hein


The lunatic, the lover, and the poet,
Are of imagination all compact...
		-- William Shakespeare, "A Midsummer Night's Dream"


Q:	What's the difference between a cocker spaniel and a doberman
	pinscher humping your leg?
A:	You let the doberman finish.


That Harvard don down at El Djim --
Oh, wasn't it nasty of him,
	With the whole harem randy,
	The sheik himself handy,
To muss up a young camel's quim.


Katz' Law:
	Men and nations will act rationally when
	all other possibilities have been exhausted.

History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have
exhausted all other alternatives.
		-- Abba Eban


Crenna's Law of Political Accountability:
	If you are the first to know about something bad,
	you are going to be held responsible for acting on it,
	regardless of your formal duties.


Atheism is a non-prophet organization.


Nothing lasts forever.
Where do I find nothing?


I'm in Pittsburgh.  Why am I here?
		-- Harold Urey, Nobel Laureate


Nobody really knows what happiness is, until they're married.
And then it's too late.


If two people love each other, there can be no happy end to it.
		-- Ernest Hemingway


Share and enjoy, share and enjoy.
Journey through life with a plastic boy or girl by your side.
Let your pal be your guide.
And when it breaks down or starts to annoy,
	or grinds when it moves and gives you no joy,
	'cause it digs up your hat,
	or has sex with your cat,
	sprays oil on your wall or rips off your door,
	and you get to the point you can't stand any more.
Bring it to us, we won't give a shit.
We'll tell you: "Go stick your head in a pig".


Let he who takes the plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.


She say, Miss Colie, You better hush.  God might hear you.
Let 'im hear me, I say.  If he ever listened to poor colored
women the world would be a different place, I can tell you.
		-- Alice Walker, "The Color Purple"


QOTD:
	"It's been Monday all week today."


Rules for Writers:
	Avoid run-on sentences they are hard to read.  Don't use no double
negatives.  Use the semicolon properly, always use it where it is appropriate;
and never where it isn't.  Reserve the apostrophe for it's proper use and
omit it when its not needed.  No sentence fragments. Avoid commas, that are
unnecessary.  Eschew dialect, irregardless.  And don't start a sentence with
a conjunction.  Hyphenate between sy-llables and avoid un-necessary hyphens.
Write all adverbial forms correct.  Don't use contractions in formal writing.
Writing carefully, dangling participles must be avoided.  It is incumbent on
us to avoid archaisms.  Steer clear of incorrect forms of verbs that have
snuck in the language.  Never, ever use repetitive redundancies.  If I've
told you once, I've told you a thousand times, resist hyperbole.  Also,
avoid awkward or affected alliteration.  Don't string too many prepositional
phrases together unless you are walking through the valley of the shadow of
death.  "Avoid overuse of 'quotation "marks."'"


Remember, UNIX spelled backwards is XINU.
		-- Mt.


Mieux vaut tard que jamais!


You could live a better life, if you
had a better mind and a better body.


69 + 69 = dinner for 4.


Once the realization is accepted that even between the closest human beings
infinite distances continue to exist, a wonderful living side by side can
grow up, if they succeed in loving the distance between them which makes it
possible for each to see each other whole against the sky.
		-- Rainer Rilke


An idealist is one who helps the other fellow to make a profit.
		-- Henry Ford


Everyone knows that dragons don't exist.  But while this simplistic
formulation may satisfy the layman, it does not suffice for the
scientific mind.  The School of Higher Neantical Nillity is in fact
wholly unconcerned with what _d_o_e_s exist.  Indeed, the banality of
existence has been so amply demonstrated, there is no need for us to
discuss it any further here.  The brilliant Cerebron, attacking the
problem analytically, discovered three distinct kinds of dragon: the
mythical, the chimerical, and the purely hypothetical.  They were all,
one might say, nonexistent, but each nonexisted in an entirely
different way ...
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


We are not a loved organization, but we are a respected one.
		-- John Fisher


Life without caffeine is stimulating enough.
		-- Sanka Ad


Don't sweat it -- it's only ones and zeros.
		-- P. Skelly


	THE WOMBAT

The wombat lives across the seas,
Among the far Antipodes.
He may exist on nuts and berries,
Or then again, on missionaries;
His distant habitat precludes
Conclusive knowledge of his moods.
But I would not engage the wombat
In any form of mortal combat.


Picking up a man in a bar is like a snowstorm, you never know when
he's coming, how many inches you'll get or how long he'll stay.


The best things in life go on sale sooner or later.


Beggars should be no choosers.
		-- John Heywood


Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not
become a monster.  And when you look into an abyss, the abyss also looks
into you.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Birthdays are like busses, never the number you want.


I could dance till the cows come home.  On second thought, I'd rather
dance with the cows till you come home.
		-- Groucho Marx


Hear about...
	the female activist who went berserk during a demonstration and
	attacked a karate-trained cop with a deadly weapon.  She ended
	up a chopped libber?


	The programmers of old were mysterious and profound.  We cannot fathom
their thoughts, so all we do is describe their appearance.
	Aware, like a fox crossing the water.  Alert, like a general on the
battlefield.  Kind, like a hostess greeting her guests. Simple, like uncarved
blocks of wood.  Opaque, like black pools in darkened caves.
	Who can tell the secrets of their hearts and minds?
	The answer exists only in the Tao.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Software suppliers are trying to make their software packages more
"user-friendly".  ...  Their best approach, so far, has been to take all
the old brochures, and stamp the words, "user-friendly" on the cover.
		-- Bill Gates, Microsoft, Inc.


When you are about to die, a wombat is better than no company at all.
		-- Roger Zelazny, "Doorways in the Sand"


You know if they ever find a way to harness sarcasm as an energy source,
you people are all going to owe me big.
		-- Bill Paul


Those who claim the dead never return
to life haven't ever been around here at quitting time.


Don't believe everything you hear or anything you say.


If you can't understand it, it is intuitively obvious.


God is an atheist.


Fortune's Guide to Freshman Notetaking:

WHEN THE PROFESSOR SAYS:			YOU WRITE:

Probably the greatest quality of the poetry	John Milton -- born 1608
of John Milton, who was born in 1608, is the
combination of beauty and power.  Few have
excelled him in the use of the English language,
or for that matter, in lucidity of verse form,
'Paradise Lost' being said to be the greatest
single poem ever written."

Current historians have come to			Most of the problems that now
doubt the complete advantageousness		face the United States are
of some of Roosevelt's policies...		directly traceable to the
						bungling and greed of President
						Roosevelt.

... it is possible that we simply do		Professor Mitchell is a
not understand the Russian viewpoint...		communist.


Love does not make the world go around, just up and down a bit.


Pollyanna's Educational Constant:
	The hyperactive child is never absent.


Three women always hang their laundry out in the backyard.  When it rains,
however, the laundry always gets wet.  All the laundry, that is, except
for Laurie's.  Laurie never seems to have her laundry out when it rains.
	So, one day, they are all out in the backyard putting their clothes
on the line when one of the women says to Laurie, "Laurie, how come it
never rains when you have your laundry out?"
	"Well," replies Laurie, "when I wake up in the morning, I check out
my husband Paul.  If his penis is hanging over his right leg, I know it's
going to be a great day.  If his penis is hanging over his left leg, I know
it might rain.  I don't know why it works, but he's never been wrong!"
	"Laurie, what if he has an erection?" asks the other woman.
	"Honey, on a day like *that*, you don't do the *laundry*."


It has long been noticed that juries are pitiless for robbery and full of
indulgence for infanticide.  A question of interest, my dear Sir!  The jury
is afraid of being robbed and has passed the age when it could be a victim
of infanticide.
		-- Edmond About


Lying is an indispensable part of making life tolerable.
		-- Bergan Evans


Kansas state law requires pedestrians crossing the highways at night to
wear tail lights.


				SEMINAR ANNOUNCEMENT

Title:		Are Frogs Turing Compatible?
Speaker:	Don "The Lion" Knuth

				ABSTRACT
	Several researchers at the University of Louisiana have been studying
the computing power of various amphibians, frogs in particular.  The problem
of frog computability has become a critical issue that ranges across all areas
of computer science.  It has been shown that anything computable by an amphi-
bian community in a fixed-size pond is computable by a frog in the same-size
pond -- that is to say, frogs are Pond-space complete.  We will show that
there is a log-space, polywog-time reduction from any Turing machine program
to a frog.  We will suggest these represent a proper subset of frog-computable
functions.
	This is not just a let's-see-how-far-those-frogs-can-jump seminar.
This is only for hardcore amphibian-computation people and their colleagues.
	Refreshments will be served.  Music will be played.


We don't know one millionth of one percent about anything.


Al Gore resembled a Vulcan desperately in need of a blow job.
		-- Bobcat Goldthwait


Obscenity is the crutch of inarticulate motherfuckers.


Boycott meat - suck your thumb.


... like, what do they mean when they say 'feminine protection'?
What's that?  A chartreuse flamethrower?
		-- Opus


Documentation is the castor oil of programming.  Managers know it must
be good because the programmers hate it so much.


All flesh is grass.
		-- Isaiah 40:6
Smoke a friend today.


You will contract a rare disease.


Miller's Slogan:
	Lose a few, lose a few.


You are going to have a new love affair.


One by one the vice-presidents of a large corporation were called into the
boss's office.  Then the junior executives were individually summoned.
Finally the office boy was brought in.
	"I want the truth, Charles," the boss bellowed.  "Have you been
playing around with my secretary?"
	"N-no, sir," the office boy stammered.  "I-I'd never do anything
like that, sir."
	"All right, all right," sighed the boss, "then you fire her."


One small step for man, one giant stumble for mankind.


He:	Do you like Kipling?
She:	Oh, you naughty boy, I don't know!  I've never kippled!


Consider the following axioms carefully:
	"Everything's better when it sits on a Ritz."
	and
	"Everything's better with Blue Bonnet on it."
What happens if one spreads Blue Bonnet margarine on a Ritz cracker?  The
thought is frightening.  Is this how God came into being?  Try not to
consider the fact that "Things go better with Coke".


vacation;look;find;talk;grep;touch;finger;find;flex;unzip;mount;workbone; \
fsck;yes;gasp;fsck;yes;eject;umount;make clean;zip;split;done;exit


Q:	What do you get when you cross a rooster with a telephone pole?
A:	A thirty foot cock that wants to reach out and touch someone!


If you find for your verse there's no call,
And you can't afford paper at all,
	For the true poet born,
	However forlorn,
There is always the lavat'ry wall.


I couldn't possibly fail to disagree with you less.


The elder gods went to Yuggoth, and all you got was this lousy fortune.


Having lost his potency years before, the octogenarian was desperate to
satisfy his new 18-year-old wife.  He visited a gypsy woman with magical
powers.
	After the man downed a foul-tasting potion, the gypsy said, "There.
Now the words beep-beep will give you an enormous erection.  Repeating
the phrase will make it disappear.  But remember," she cautioned, "it will
work only three times.  Make use of them wisely."
	As the old man left, he decided to test her prediction.  "Beep-beep,"
he said, and sure enough, he got the biggest erection of his life.
"Beep-beep", he repeated.  It went away.
	He sped through traffic on his way home.  "Beep-beep," honked a taxi.
The old man gasped as he instantly got hard.
	"Beep-beep," honked a truck.  His erection wilted.
	Pulling into his driveway at last, the frantic man rushed inside
and found his nubile wife lying on the bed reading a novel.
	"Have I got a surprise for you," he said, tearing off his clothes.
"Beep-beep!"
	"Hold on a second," his wife said, eyeing his magnificent erection.
"What's all this beep-beep shit?"


If Jesus Christ were to come today, people would not even crucify him.
They would ask him to dinner, and hear what he had to say, and make
fun of it.
		-- Thomas Carlyle


Oregano, n.:
	The ancient Italian art of pizza folding.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#6

Bathrooms:
	A man has six items in his bathroom -- a toothbrush, toothpaste,
shaving cream, razor, a bar of Dial soap, and a towel from the Holiday Inn.
The average number of items in the typical woman's bathroom is 437.  A man
would not be able to identify most of these items.

Groceries:
	A woman makes a list of things she needs and then goes to the store
and buys these things.  A man waits 'til the only items left in his fridge
are half a lime and a Blue Ribbon.  Then he goes grocery shopping.  He buys
everything that looks good.  By the time a man reaches the checkout counter,
his cart is packed tighter that the Clampett's car on Beverly Hillbillies.
Of course, this will not stop him from entering the 10-items-or-less lane.


The onset and the waning of love make themselves felt
in the uneasiness experienced at being alone together.
		-- Jean de la Bruyere


The fact that people are poor or discriminated against doesn't necessarily
endow them with any special qualities of justice, nobility, charity or
compassion.
		-- Saul Alinsky


I would have promised those terrorists a trip to Disneyland if it would have
gotten the hostages released.  I thank God they were satisfied with the
missiles and we didn't have to go to that extreme.
		-- Oliver North


Two peanuts were walking through the New York.  One was assaulted.


Individualists unite!


I went to my mother and told her I intended to commence a different life.
I asked for and obtained her blessing and at once commenced the career
of a robber.
		-- Tiburcio Vasquez


Old King Cole
Was a merry old soul,
A merry old soul was he!
He called for his pipe,
And he called for his bowl,
And he fiddled with his call girls three!


Deliberation, n.:
	The act of examining one's bread to determine which side it is
	buttered on.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The meek shall inherit the earth; the rest of us will go to the stars.


Official Project Stages:
	1. Uncritical Acceptance
	2. Wild Enthusiasm
	3. Dejected Disillusionment
	4. Total Confusion
	5. Search for the Guilty
	6. Punishment of the Innocent
	7. Promotion of the Non-participants


If just one piece of mail gets lost, well, they'll just think they forgot to
send it.  But if *two* pieces of mail get lost, hell, they'll just think the
other guy hasn't gotten around to answering his mail.  And if *fifty* pieces
of mail get lost, can you imagine it, if *fifty* pieces of mail get lost, why
they'll think something *else* is broken!  And if 1Gb of mail gets lost,
they'll just *know* that uunet is down and think it's a conspiracy to keep
them from their God given right to receive Net Mail ...
		-- Leith (Casey) Leedom, apologies to Arlo Guthrie


Q:	Why did the WASP cross the road?
A:	To get to the middle.


QOTD:
	"Say, you look pretty athletic.  What say we put a pair of tennis
	shoes on you and run you into the wall?"


We've tried each spinning space mote
And reckoned its true worth:
Take us back again to the homes of men
On the cool, green hills of Earth.

The arching sky is calling
Spacemen back to their trade.
All hands!  Standby!  Free falling!
And the lights below us fade.
Out ride the sons of Terra,
Far drives the thundering jet,
Up leaps the race of Earthmen,
Out, far, and onward yet--

We pray for one last landing
On the globe that gave us birth;
Let us rest our eyes on the fleecy skies
And the cool, green hills of Earth.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein, 1941


Double-blind Experiment, n.:
	An experiment in which the chief researcher believes he is
fooling both the subject and the lab assistant.  Often accompanied
by a strong belief in the tooth fairy.


