[It is] best to confuse only one issue at a time.
		-- K&R


Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set:

BBW	Branch Both Ways
BEW	Branch Either Way
BBBF	Branch on Bit Bucket Full
BH	Branch and Hang
BMR	Branch Multiple Registers
BOB	Branch On Bug
BPO	Branch on Power Off
BST	Backspace and Stretch Tape
CDS	Condense and Destroy System
CLBR	Clobber Register
CLBRI	Clobber Register Immediately
CM	Circulate Memory
CMFRM	Come From -- essential for truly structured programming
CPPR	Crumple Printer Paper and Rip
CRN	Convert to Roman Numerals


As in certain cults it is possible to
kill a process if you know its true name.
		-- Ken Thompson and Dennis M. Ritchie


The Wright Brothers weren't the first to fly.
They were just the first not to crash.


Peers's Law:
The solution to a problem changes the nature of the problem.


Duct tape is like the force.  It has a light side,
and a dark side, and it holds the universe together.
		-- Carl Zwanzig


And as we stand on the edge of darkness
Let our chant fill the void
That others may know

	In the land of the night
	The ship of the sun
	Is drawn by
	The grateful dead.
		-- Tibetan "Book of the Dead," ca. 4000 BC.


I never cheated an honest man, only rascals.  They wanted
something for nothing.  I gave them nothing for something.
		-- Joseph "Yellow Kid" Weil


A dream will always triumph over reality, once it is given the chance.
		-- Stanislaw Lem


The first Great Steward, Parrafin the Climber, was employed in King
Chloroplast's kitchen as second scullery boy when the old King met a
tragic death.  He apparently fell backward by accident on a dozen salad
forks.  Simultaneously the true heir, his son Carotene, mysteriously
fled the city, complaining of some sort of plot and a lot of
threatening notes left on his breakfast tray.  At the time, this looked
suspicious what with his father's death, and Carotene was suspected of
foul play.  Then the rest of the King's relatives began to drop dead
one after the other in an odd fashion.  Some were found strangled with
dishrags and some succumbed to food poisoning.  A few were found
drowned in the soup vats, and one was attacked by assailants unknown
and beaten to death with a pot roast.  At least three appear to have
thrown themselves backward on salad forks, perhaps in a noble gesture
of grief over the King's untimely end.  Finally there was no one left
in Minas Troney who was either eligible or willing to wear the accursed
crown, and the rule of Twodor was up for grabs.  The scullery slave
Parrafin bravely accepted the Stewardship of Twodor until that day when
a lineal descendant of Carotene's returns to reclaim his rightful
throne, conquer Twodor's enemies, and revamp the postal system.
		-- Harvard Lampoon, "Bored of the Rings"


If you wish to succeed, consult three old people.


So you think that money is the root of all evil.
Have you ever asked what is the root of money?
		-- Ayn Rand


Tourist, n.:
	A pretty girl in Oklahoma.


Nerd pack, n.:
	Plastic pouch worn in breast pocket to keep pens from soiling
	clothes.  Nerd's position in engineering hierarchy can be
	measured by number of pens, grease pencils, and rulers bristling
	in his pack.


"I thought that you said you were 20 years old!"
"As a programmer, yes," she replied,
"And you claimed to be very near two meters tall!"
"You said you were blonde, but you lied!"
Oh, she was a hacker and he was one, too,
They had so much in common, you'd say.
They exchanged jokes and poems, and clever new hacks,
And prompts that were cute or risque'.
He sent her a picture of his brother Sam,
She sent one from some past high school day,
And it might have gone on for the rest of their lives,
If they hadn't met in L.A.
"Your beard is an armpit," she said in disgust.
He answered, "Your armpit's a beard!"
And they chorused: "I think I could stand all the rest
If you were not so totally weird!"
If she had not said what he wanted to hear,
And he had not done just the same,
They'd have been far more honest, and never have met,
And would not have had fun with the game.
		-- Judith Schrier,
		   "Face to Face After Six Months of Electronic Mail"


Conquering the world on horseback is easy; it is dismounting and
governing that is hard.
		-- Chinggis (Genghis) Khan


Recession is when your neighbor loses his job.  Depression is when you
lose your job.  These economic downturns are very difficult to predict,
but sophisticated econometric modeling houses like Data Resources and
Chase Econometrics have successfully predicted 14 of the last 3 recessions.


It's is not, it isn't ain't, and it's it's, not its, if you mean it is.
If you don't, it's its.  Then too, it's hers.  It isn't her's.  It isn't
our's either.  It's ours, and likewise yours and theirs.
		-- Oxford University Press, "Edpress News"


Government lies, and newspapers lie, but in a democracy they are
different lies.


Q:	What do you get when you stuff a flaming stick down a rabbit-hole?
A:	Hot cross bunnies!


Imagine me going around with a pot belly.
It would mean political ruin.
		-- Adolf Hitler


Food for thought is no substitute for the real thing.
		-- Walt Kelly, "Potluck Pogo"


As you know, birds do not have sexual organs because they would
interfere with flight.  [In fact, this was the big breakthrough for the
Wright Brothers.  They were watching birds one day, trying to figure
out how to get their crude machine to fly, when suddenly it dawned on
Wilbur.  "Orville," he said, "all we have to do is remove the sexual
organs!"  You should have seen their original design.]  As a result,
birds are very, very difficult to arouse sexually.  You almost never
see an aroused bird.  So when they want to reproduce, birds fly up and
stand on telephone lines, where they monitor telephone conversations
with their feet.  When they find a conversation in which people are
talking dirty, they grip the line very tightly until they are both
highly aroused, at which point the female gets pregnant.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sex and the Single Amoeba: What Every
		   Teen Should Know"


	We don't claim Interactive EasyFlow is good for anything -- if you
think it is, great, but it's up to you to decide.  If Interactive EasyFlow
doesn't work: tough.  If you lose a million because Interactive EasyFlow
messes up, it's you that's out the million, not us.  If you don't like this
disclaimer: tough.  We reserve the right to do the absolute minimum provided
by law, up to and including nothing.
	This is basically the same disclaimer that comes with all software
packages, but ours is in plain English and theirs is in legalese.
	We didn't really want to include any disclaimer at all, but our
lawyers insisted.  We tried to ignore them but they threatened us with the
attack shark at which point we relented.
		-- HavenTree Software Limited, "Interactive EasyFlow"


Man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft...
and the only one that can be mass produced with unskilled labor.
		-- Wernher von Braun


You should make a point of trying every experience once -- except
incest and folk-dancing.
		-- A. Bax, "Farewell My Youth"


Economists are still trying to figure out why the
girls with the least principle draw the most interest.


