Like the time I ran away...
And turned around and you were standing close to me.
		-- YES, "Going For The One/Awaken"


An elderly couple were flying to their Caribbean hideaway on a chartered plane
when a terrible storm forced them to land on an uninhabited island.  When
several days passed without rescue, the couple and their pilot sank into a
despondent silence. Finally, the woman asked her husband if he had made his
usual pledge to the United Way Campaign.
	"We're running out of food and water and you ask *that*?" her husband
barked.  "If you really need to know, I not only pledged a half million but
I've already paid them half of it."
	"You owe the U.W.C. a *quarter million*?" the woman exclaimed
euphorically.  "Don't worry, Harry, they'll find us!  They'll find us!"


Not only is God dead, but just try to find a plumber on weekends.
		-- Woody Allen


A hard man is good to find.


You can get much further with a kind word and a
gun than you can with a kind word alone.
		-- Al Capone
		   [Also attributed to Johnny Carson.  Ed.]


Be careful!  UGLY strikes 9 out of 10!


My schoolmates would make love to anything that moved, but I never saw any
reason to limit myself.
		-- Emo Philips


We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
		-- Oscar Wilde


There is only one thing in the world worse than being
talked about, and that is not being talked about.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Russia has abolished God, but so far God has been more tolerant.
		-- John Cameron Swayze


TEAMWORK:
	Having someone to blame.


It gets late early out there.
		-- Yogi Berra


People who fight fire with fire usually end up with ashes.
		-- Abigail Van Buren


Symptom:		Floor blurred.
Fault:			You are looking through bottom of empty glass.
Action Required:	Find someone who will buy you another beer.

Symptom:		Floor moving.
Fault:			You are being carried out.
Action Required:	Find out if you are taken to another bar.  If not,
			complain loudly that you are being kidnaped.

		-- Bar Troubleshooting


Everyone hates me because I'm paranoid.


How much for your women?  I want to buy your
daughter... how much for the little girl?
		-- Jake Blues, "The Blues Brothers"


LIKE:
	When being alive at the same time is a wonderful coincidence.


All hope abandon, ye who enter here!
		-- Dante Alighieri


Time to be aggressive.  Go after a tattooed Virgo.


The carbonyl is polarized,
The delta end is plus.
The nucleophile will thus attack,
The carbon nucleus.
Addition makes an alcohol,
Of types there are but three.
It makes a bond, to correspond,
From C to shining C.
		-- Prof. Frank Westheimer, to "America the Beautiful"


What's on the floor of the old hen-house?
Doo-doo, doo-doo.
		-- Foghorn Leghorn, to "Camptown Ladies"


Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
		-- Carl Sagan


A beautiful man is paradise for the eyes, hell for the soul, and
purgatory for the purse.


It was a Roman who said it was sweet to die for one's country.  The Greeks
never said it was sweet to die for anything.  They had no vital lies.
		-- Edith Hamilton, "The Greek Way"


Denver, n.:
	A smallish city located just below the "O" in Colorado.


A friend of mine received a note through the mail advising him,
	"If you don't stop making love to my wife, I'll kill you."
The trouble is, the note wasn't signed.


Keep cool, but don't freeze.
		-- Hellman's Mayonnaise


During the Reagan-Mondale debates:

Q:	"Do you feel that a person's age affects his ability to
		perform as president?"
Reagan:	"I refuse to make an issue out of my opponent's youth and
		inexperience."


	"Seven years and six months!"  Humpty Dumpty repeated thoughtfully.
"An uncomfortable sort of age.  Now if you'd asked MY advice, I'd have
said 'Leave off at seven' -- but it's too late now."
	"I never ask advice about growing,"  Alice said indignantly.
	"Too proud?" the other enquired.
	Alice felt even more indignant at this suggestion.  "I mean,"
she said, "that one can't help growing older."
	"ONE can't, perhaps," said Humpty Dumpty; "but TWO can.  With
proper assistance, you might have left off at seven."
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


Performance:
	A statement of the speed at which a computer system works.  Or
	rather, might work under certain circumstances.  Or was rumored
	to be working over in Jersey about a month ago.


Q:	How does a single woman in New York get rid of cockroaches?
A:	She asks them for a commitment.


Here I sit, my cheeks a flexin',
Just gave birth to another Texan.


Women waste men's lives and think they have
indemnified them by a few gracious words.
		-- Honore de Balzac


He who enters his wife's dressing room is a philosopher or a fool.
		-- Honore de Balzac


Q:	Why do women love Pacman?
A:	Only place you can get eaten three times for a quarter.


Welcome back, my friends, to the show that never ends!
We're so glad you could attend, come inside, come inside!
There behind the glass there's a real blade of grass,
Be careful as you pass, move along, move along.
Come inside, the show's about to start,
Guaranteed to blow your head apart.
Rest assured, you'll get your money's worth,
Greatest show, in heaven, hell or earth!
You gotta see the show!  It's a dynamo!
You gotta see the show!  It's rock 'n' roll!
		-- ELP, "Karn Evil 9" (1st Impression, Part 2)


Do you mean that you not only want a wrong
answer, but a certain wrong answer?
		-- Tobaben


Earth is a beta site.


The famous politician was trying to save both his faces.


Q:	What do you call a half-dozen Indians with Asian flu?
A:	Six sick Sikhs (sic).


You like to form new friendships and make new acquaintances.


I am getting into abstract painting.  Real abstract -- no brush, no canvas,
I just think about it.  I just went to an art museum where all of the art
was done by children.  All the paintings were hung on refrigerators.
		-- Steven Wright


	A horse breeder has his young colts bottle-fed after they're three
days old.  He heard that a foal and his mummy are soon parted.


A witty saying proves nothing.
		-- Voltaire


I
am
not
very
happy
acting
pleased
whenever
prominent
scientists
overmagnify
intellectual
enlightenment


Eggnog is a traditional holiday drink invented by the English.  Many
people wonder where the word "eggnog" comes from.  The first syllable
comes from the English word "egg", meaning "egg".  I don't know where
the "nog" comes from.

To make eggnog, you'll need rum, whiskey, wine, gin and, if they are in
season, eggs...


Never, ever lie to someone you love unless you're
absolutely sure they'll never find out the truth.


U.S. of A.:
	"Don't speak to the bus driver."
Germany:
	"It is strictly forbidden for passengers to speak to the driver."
England:
	"You are requested to refrain from speaking to the driver."
Scotland:
	"What have you got to gain by speaking to the driver?"
Italy:
	"Don't answer the driver."


Layers are for cakes, not for software.
		-- Bart Smaalders


A good supervisor can step on your toes without messing up your shine.


Bowie's Theorem:
	If an experiment works, you must be using the wrong equipment.


PROBLEM DRINKER:
	A man who never buys.


Hoare's Law of Large Problems:
	Inside every large problem is a small
	problem struggling to get out.


Tom's hungry, time to eat lunch.


If you can survive death, you can probably survive anything.


Upon leaving a hotel bar one evening, an executive noticed a drunk sitting
on the edge of a potted palm in the lobby, crying like a baby.  Because he'd
had a couple himself that night, and was feeling rather sorry for his fellow
man, he asked the inebriated one what the trouble was.
	"I did a terrible thing tonight," sniffled the drunk.  "I sold my
wife to a guy for a bottle of Scotch."
	"That is terrible," said the man, too much under the weather to
muster any real indignation.  "And now that she's gone, you wish you had her
back."
	"Thas right," said the drunk, still sniffling.
	"You're sorry you sold her, because you realize too late that you
love her," sympathized the executive.
	"No, no," said the drunk.  "I wish I had her back because I'm
thirsty again."


Condoms are the feminists' revenge on men for diaphragms.
		-- Robin Williams


Around the turn of this century, a composer named Camille Saint-Saens wrote
a satirical zoological-fantasy called "Le Carnaval des Animaux."  Aside from
one movement of this piece, "The Swan", Saint-Saens didn't allow this work
to be published or even performed until a year had elapsed after his death.
(He died in 1921.)
	Most of us know the "Swan" movement rather well, with its smooth,
flowing cello melody against a calm background; but I've been having this
fantasy...
	What if he had written this piece with lyrics, as a song to be sung?
And, further, what if he had accompanied this song with a musical saw?  (This
instrument really does exist, often played by percussionists!)  Then the
piece would be better known as:
	SAINT-SAENS' SAW SONG "SWAN"!


Get Revenge!  Live long enough to be a problem for your children!


Understanding is always the understanding of a smaller problem
in relation to a bigger problem.
		-- P. D. Ouspensky


Kettering's Observation:
	Logic is an organized way of going wrong with confidence.


Authors (and perhaps columnists) eventually rise to the top of whatever
depths they were once able to plumb.
		-- Stanley Kaufman


The worst thing one can do is not to try, to be aware of what one
wants and not give in to it, to spend years in silent hurt wondering
if something could have materialized -- and never knowing.
		-- David Viscott


A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who has never
learned to walk.
		-- Franklin D. Roosevelt


Eat the rich -- the poor are tough and stringy.


	A sheet of paper crossed my desk the other day and as I read it,
realization of a basic truth came over me.  So simple!  So obvious we couldn't
see it.  John Knivlen, Chairman of Palomar Repeater Club, an amateur radio
group, had discovered how IC circuits work.  He says that smoke is the thing
that makes ICs work because every time you let the smoke out of an IC circuit,
it stops working.  He claims to have verified this with thorough testing.
	I was flabbergasted!  Of course!  Smoke makes all things electrical
work.  Remember the last time smoke escaped from your Lucas voltage regulator
Didn't it quit working?  I sat and smiled like an idiot as more of the truth
dawned.  It's the wiring harness that carries the smoke from one device to
another in your Mini, MG or Jag.  And when the harness springs a leak, it lets
the smoke out of everything at once, and then nothing works.  The starter motor
requires large quantities of smoke to operate properly, and that's why the wire
going to it is so large.
	Feeling very smug, I continued to expand my hypothesis.  Why are Lucas
electronics more likely to leak than say Bosch?  Hmmm...  Aha!!!  Lucas is
British, and all things British leak!  British convertible tops leak water,
British engines leak oil, British displacer units leak hydrostatic fluid, and
I might add British tires leak air, and the British defense unit leaks
secrets... so naturally British electronics leak smoke.
		-- Jack Banton, PCC Automotive Electrical School


Flying saucers on occasion
	Show themselves to human eyes.
Aliens fume, put off invasion
	While they brand these tales as lies.


When the only tool you have is a hammer, every problem starts to look
like a nail.


Dealing with the problem of pure staff accumulation,
all our researches ... point to an average increase of 5.75% per year.
		-- C. N. Parkinson


F:	When into a room I plunge, I
	Sometimes find some VIOLET FUNGI.
	Then I linger, darkly brooding
	On the poison they're exuding.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC


A Christian is a man who feels repentance on Sunday for what he did on
Saturday and is going to do on Monday.
		-- Thomas Ybarra


Yours is not to reason why,
Just to Sail Away.
And when you find you have to throw
Your Legacy away;
Remember life as was it is,
And is as it were;
Chasing sounds across the galaxy
'Till silence is but a blur.
		-- QYX


AQUARIUS (Jan. 20 to Feb. 18)
	A friend will step forward and confide in you about your breath.  Rely
	on your outgoing personality and winning smile to get you into a lot
	of trouble.  Be relaxed, things will change.  Look for a pink slip on
	payday.  Stop wetting your bed.


You give me space to belong to myself yet without separating me
from your own life.  May it all turn out to your happiness.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Flying saucers on occasion
	Show themselves to human eyes.
Aliens fume, put off invasion
	While they brand these tales as lies.


During the next two hours, the system will be going up and down several
times, often with lin~po_~{po       ~poz~ppo\~{ o n~po_~{o[po	 ~y oodsou>#w4k**n~po_~{ol;lkld;f;g;dd;po\~{o


Mystics always hope that science will some day overtake them.
		-- Booth Tarkington


Joe's sister puts spaghetti in her shoes!


Creativity in living is not without its attendant difficulties, for
peculiarity breeds contempt. And the unfortunate thing about being
ahead of your time when people finally realize you were right, they'll
say it was obvious all along.
		-- Alan Ashley-Pitt


The Puritan hated bear-baiting, not because it gave pain to the bear, but
because it gave pleasure to the spectators.
		-- Thomas Macaulay, "History of England"


You will be Told about it Tomorrow.  Go Home and Prepare Thyself.


Bookstores will soon be stocking a volume called "The Unsensuous
Census Taker".  It's about a guy who comes once every ten years.


USENET is like a herd of performing elephants with diarrhea --
massive, difficult to redirect, awe-inspiring, entertaining, and
a source of mind-boggling amounts of excrement when you least
expect it.
		-- Gene Spafford


Only God can make random selections.


An American businessman in London was given special visitor's privileges at an
exclusive men's club.  Striding in one afternoon, the American approached the
only other man in the lounge and tried to strike up a conversation.  "Care
for a cigar?" he asked.
	"No, thank you," the Englishman replied.  "I tried smoking once and
didn't like it."
	"Would you care to join me in the bar for a drink, then?" the
businessman asked.
	"No, thank you.  I tried drinking once and it didn't agree with me."
	"Well, how about a game of billiards?"
	"Sorry.  I tried it once and couldn't seem to get the hang of it."
	As the American started to turn away, the Englishman said, "But my
son will be here shortly, and I'm sure he would enjoy a game with you."
	"Your son?  An only child, I presume."


I will not play at tug o' war.
I'd rather play at hug o' war,
Where everyone hugs
Instead of tugs,
Where everyone giggles
And rolls on the rug,
Where everyone kisses,
And everyone grins,
And everyone cuddles,
And everyone wins.
		-- Shel Silverstein, "Hug O' War"


The nice thing about standards
is that there are so many of them to choose from.
		-- Andrew S. Tanenbaum


Q:	Why do people who live near Niagara Falls have flat foreheads?
A:	Because every morning they wake up thinking "What *is* that noise?
	Oh, right, *of course*!


When all other means of communication fail, try words.


There was a little girl
Who had a little curl
Right in the middle of her forehead.
When she was good, she was very, very good
And when she was bad, she was very, very popular.
		-- Max Miller, "The Max Miller Blue Book"


Sometimes the best medicine is to stop taking something.


A young boy is told by his puritanical father than he should never have
sex with a woman, because a woman has teeth in her vagina and will bite
off his penis.
	The years go by, and the boy finally marries.  After a rather
uninspiring honeymoon his wife finally confronts him and demands that he
tell her why he won't make love to her.
	"Well, honey," he replies.  "You have... teeth... down there."
	"What!?" she replies unbelievingly.  "No I don't!  Honest, darling,
come here and look for yourself."
	The man rather hesitantly examines her very thoroughly.
	"There!" his wife says triumphantly.  "Now do you believe me?"
	"Yes," replied her husband.  "And your gums are in *terrible*
condition."


	Something mysterious is formed, born in the silent void.  Waiting
alone and unmoving, it is at once still and yet in constant motion.  It is
the source of all programs.  I do not know its name, so I will call it the
Tao of Programming.
	If the Tao is great, then the operating system is great.  If the
operating system is great, then the compiler is great.  If the compiler is
greater, then the applications is great.  The user is pleased and there is
harmony in the world.
	The Tao of Programming flows far away and returns on the wind of
morning.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Hear about...
	the drunken midget who walked into a home for girls and kissed
	everybody in the joint?


Confucius say too much.
		-- Recent Chinese proverb


It isn't easy being green.
		-- Kermit the Frog


LSD melts in your mind, not in your hand.


 1.  I'm Not Rudolph; That's Not My Nose
 2.  The Nutcracker Swede
 3.  Santa Goes Round-The-World
 4.  Not-So-Tiny Tim
 5.  Ninja Reindeer Killfest '88
 6.  Yes, Yes, Oh God Yes, Virginia
 7.  Crisco Kringle
 8.  Babes in Boyland
 9.  Santa's Magic Lap
10.  Hot Buttered Elves
		-- David Letterman, "Top Ten Christmas Movies in Times
		   Square"


First Rule of History:
	History doesn't repeat itself --
	historians merely repeat each other.


Dying is easy.  Comedy is difficult.
		-- Actor Edmond Gween, on his deathbed


I saw a man pursuing the Horizon,
'Round and round they sped.
I was disturbed at this,
I accosted the man,
"It is futile," I said.
"You can never--"
"You lie!" He cried,
and ran on.
		-- Stephen Crane


Gibson's Springtime Song (to the tune of "Deck the Halls"):

'Tis the season to chase mousies (Fa la la la la, la la la la)
Snatch them from their little housies (...)
First we chase them 'round the field (...)
Then we have them for a meal (...)

Toss them here and catch them there (...)
See them flying through the air (...)
Watch them fly and hear them squeal (...)
Falling mice have great appeal (...)

See the hunter stretched before us (...)
He's chased the mice in field and forest (...)
Watch him clean his long white whiskers (...)
Of the blood of little critters (...)


If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite
you.  This is the principal difference between a dog and a man.
		-- Mark Twain


Truth is free, but information costs.


	It seems these two guys, George and Harry, set out in a Hot Air
balloon to cross the United States.  After forty hours in the air, George
turned to Harry, and said, "Harry, I think we've drifted off course!  We
need to find out where we are."
	Harry cools the air in the balloon, and they descend to below the
cloud cover.  Slowly drifting over the countryside, George spots a man
standing below them and yells out, "Excuse me!  Can you please tell me
where we are?"
	The man on the ground yells back, "You're in a balloon, approximately
fifty feet in the air!"
	George turns to Harry and says, "Well, that man *must* be a lawyer".
	Replies Harry, "How can you tell?".
	"Because the information he gave us is 100% accurate, and totally
useless!"

That's the end of The Joke, but for you people who are still worried about
George and Harry: they end up in the drink, and make the front page of the
New York Times: "Balloonists Soaked by Lawyer".


	Three women and Feldstein were brought before the presiding judge.
The women had been arrested for soliciting and he'd been was arrested for
selling ties without a license.  "What do you do for a living?" the judge
asked, pointing at the first girl.
	"Your honor, I'm a model," she replied.
	"Thirty days," was the sentence.  The judge turned to the second
girl.  "What do you do for a living?" he asked.
	"Your honor, I'm an actress."
	"Thirty days."  Then he turned to the third girl.  "And how about
you?" he demanded.
	"Well, your honor, I'm a prostitute.  I'm not proud of it, but it's
the only way I can support my mother and my children since my husband's been
laid off."
	"For telling the truth," he said, "I'm going to suspend sentence.
Furthermore, here's $100 to help your family out."  Now he turns to Feldstein,
arrested for selling ties illegally.  "And you," he said, "what do you do
for a living?"
	"Your honor, I'm a prostitute.  I'm not proud..."


The only people who make love all the time are liars.
		-- Louis Jordan


The King named Oedipus Rex
Who started this fuss about sex
	Put the world to great pains
	By the spots and the stains
Which he made on his mother's pubex.


I am looking for a honest man.
		-- Diogenes the Cynic


Forest fires cause Smokey Bears.


You have all eternity to be cautious in when you're dead.
		-- Lois Platford


COMPLEX SYSTEM:
	One with real problems and imaginary profits.


Truly simple systems... require infinite testing.
		-- Norman Augustine


Linus:	Hi!  I thought it was you.
	I've been watching you from way off...  You're looking great!
Snoopy:	That's nice to know.
	The secret of life is to look good at a distance.


The means-and-ends moralists, or non-doers,
always end up on their ends without any means.
		-- Saul Alinsky


Critics are like eunuchs in a harem: they know how it's done, they've
seen it done every day, but they're unable to do it themselves.
		-- Brendan Behan


For knighthood is not in the feats of war,
As for to fight in quarrel right or wrong,
But in a cause which truth cannot defer:
He ought himself for to make sure and strong,
Just to keep mixt with mercy among:
And no quarrel a knight ought to take
But for a truth, or for the common's sake.
		-- Stephen Hawes


The makers may make,
And the users may use,
But the fixers must fix
With but minimal clues.


Sometimes love ain't nothing but a misunderstanding between two fools.


Two Russian friends happen to meet in Red Square.  One of them says, "By
the way, did you hear that Romanov died?"
	"No," replied the other, "I didn't even know he'd been arrested!"


The genius of our ruling class is that it has kept a majority of the
people from ever questioning the inequity of a system where most people
drudge along paying heavy taxes for which they get nothing in return.
		-- Gore Vidal


Feel disillusioned?
I've got some great new illusions, right here!


Obviously the only rational solution to your problem is suicide.


Life, like beer, is merely borrowed.
		-- Don Reed


Mandrell: "You know what I think?"
Doctor:   "Ah, ah that's a catch question.  With a brain your size you
	  don't think, right?"
		-- "Doctor Who"


MSDOS is not dead, it just smells that way.
		-- Henry Spencer


The world has many unintentionally cruel mechanisms that are not
designed for people who walk on their hands.
		-- John Irving, "The World According to Garp"


Every little picofarad has a nanohenry all its own.
		-- Don Vonada


What I've done, of course, is total garbage.
		-- R. Willard, Pure Math 430a


Gossip, n.:
	Hearing something you like about someone you don't.
		-- Earl Wilson


Sex without class consciousness cannot give satisfaction, even if it is
repeated until infinity.
		-- Aldo Brandirali (Secretary of the Italian Marxist-Leninist
		   Party), in a manual of the party's official sex guidelines,
		   1973.


Weinberg's Principle:
	An expert is a person who avoids the small errors while sweeping
	on to the grand fallacy.


If it's not one thing, it's a mother.


Except for 75% of the women, everyone in the whole world wants to have sex.
		-- Ellyn Mustard


Thinks't thou existence doth depend on time?
It doth; but actions are our epochs; mine
Have made my days and nights imperishable,
Endless, and all alike, as sands on the shore,
Innumerable atoms; and one desert,
Barren and cold, on which the wild waves break,
But nothing rests, save carcasses and wrecks,
Rocks, and the salt-surf weeds of bitterness.


Experience teaches you that the man who looks you straight in the eye,
particularly if he adds a firm handshake, is hiding something.
		-- Clifton Fadiman, "Enter Conversing"


	My message is not that biological determinists were bad scientists or
even that they were always wrong.  Rather, I believe that science must be
understood as a social phenomenon, a gutsy, human enterprise, not the work of
robots programmed to collect pure information.  I also present this view as
an upbeat for science, not as a gloomy epitaph for a noble hope sacrificed on
the alter of human limitations.
	I believe that a factual reality exists and that science, though often
in an obtuse and erratic manner, can learn about it.  Galileo was not shown
the instruments of torture in an abstract debate about lunar motion.  He had
threatened the Church's conventional argument for social and doctrinal
stability:  the static world order with planets circling about a central
earth, priests subordinate to the Pope and serfs to their lord.  But the
Church soon made its peace with Galileo's cosmology.  They had no choice; the
earth really does revolve about the sun.
		-- S. J. Gould, "The Mismeasure of Man"


I do not seek the ignorant; the ignorant seek me -- I will instruct them.
I ask nothing but sincerity.  If they come out of habit, they become
tiresome.
		-- I Ching


If he once again pushes up his sleeves in order to compute for 3 days
and 3 nights in a row, he will spend a quarter of an hour before to
think which principles of computation shall be most appropriate.
		-- Voltaire, "Diatribe du docteur Akakia"


Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth.
		-- Erma Bombeck


Modem, adj.:
	Up-to-date, new-fangled, as in "Thoroughly Modem Millie."  An
	unfortunate byproduct of kerning.


No job too big; no fee too big!
		-- Dr. Peter Venkman, "Ghostbusters"


If you explain so clearly that nobody can misunderstand, somebody
will.


Mr. Rockford, this is the Thomas Crown School of Dance and Contemporary
Etiquette.  We aren't going to call again!  Now you want these free
lessons or what?


If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you.


May a deranged midget on a pogo stick
take refuge in your sister's hoop skirt.


Corrupt, adj.:
	In politics, holding an office of trust or profit.


If puns were deli meat, this would be the wurst.


People who take cold baths never have rheumatism, but they have
cold baths.


I hate babies.  They're so human.
		-- H. H. Munro


Real programmers don't write in FORTRAN.  FORTRAN is for pipe stress
freaks and crystallography weenies.  FORTRAN is for wimp engineers who
wear white socks.


A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Portrait of Mr. W. H."


Good news is just life's way of keeping you off balance.


I turned my air conditioner the other way around, and it got cold out.
The weatherman said "I don't understand it.  I was supposed to be 80
degrees today," and I said "Oops."

In my house on the ceilings I have paintings of the rooms above... so
I never have to go upstairs.

I just bought a microwave fireplace... You can spend an evening in
front of it in only eight minutes.
		-- Steven Wright


HARVARD:
Quarterback:
	Sophomore Dave Strewzinski... likes to pass.  And pass he does, with
a record 86 attempts (three completions) in 87 plays....  Though Strewzinski
has so far failed to score any points for the Crimson, his jackrabbit speed
has made him the least sacked quarterback in the Ivy league.
Wide Receiver:
	The other directional signal in Harvard's offensive machine is senior
Phil Yip, who is very fast.  Yip is so fast that he has set a record for being
fast.  Expect to see Yip elude all pursuers and make it into the endzone five
or six times, his average for a game.  Yip, nicknamed "fumblefingers" and "you
asshole" by his teammates, hopes to carry the ball with him at least one of
those times.
YALE:
Defense:
	On the defensive side, Yale boasts the stingiest line in the Ivies.
Primarily responsible are seniors Izzy "Shylock" Bloomberg and Myron
Finklestein, the tightest ends in recent Eli history.  Also contributing to
the powerful defense is junior tackle Angus MacWhirter, a Scotsman who rounds
out the offensive ethnic joke.  Look for these three to shut down the opening
coin toss.
		-- Harvard Lampoon 1988 Program Parody, distributed at The Game


A young man wrote to Mozart and said:

Q: "Herr Mozart, I am thinking of writing symphonies. Can you give me any
   suggestions as to how to get started?"
A: "A symphony is a very complex musical form, perhaps you should begin with
   some simple lieder and work your way up to a symphony."
Q: "But Herr Mozart, you were writing symphonies when you were 8 years old."
A: "But I never asked anybody how."


Q:	What's black and white and red all over?
A:	Two nuns in a chainsaw fight.


There are no answers, only cross-references.
		-- Weiner


Hitchcock's Staple Principle:
	The stapler runs out of staples
	only while you are trying to staple something.


Anything is possible, unless it's not.


Life is a gamble at terrible odds, if it was a bet you wouldn't take it.
		-- Tom Stoppard, "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead"


You know you've been spending too much time on the computer when your
friend misdates a check, and you suggest adding a "++" to fix it.


The denunciation of the young is a necessary part of the hygiene of older
people, and greatly assists in the circulation of the blood.
		-- Logan Pearsall Smith


