Do you know the difference between education and experience?  Education
is when you read the fine print; experience is what you get when you don't.
		-- Pete Seeger


A journey of a thousand miles starts under one's feet.
		-- Lao Tsu


What we need in this country, instead of Daylight Savings Time, which
nobody really understands anyway, is a new concept called Weekday
Morning Time, whereby at 7 a.m. every weekday we go into a space-
launch-style "hold" for two to three hours, during which it just
remains 7 a.m.  This way we could all wake up via a civilized gradual
process of stretching and belching and scratching, and it would still
be only 7 a.m. when we were ready to actually emerge from bed.
		-- Dave Barry, "$#$%#^%!^%&@%@!"


Starkle, starkle, little twink,
Who the hell you are I think
I'm not as drunk as thinkle peep
I'm just a little slort of sheep.
Tee martoonis make a guy,
Feel so woozy, I don't know why.
So mass the pixer and kill my fup
I've all day sober to sunday up.


Girls who throw themselves at men,
are actually taking very careful aim.


Gordon's first law:
	If a research project is not worth doing, it is not worth doing
	well.


Fortune suggests uses for YOUR favorite UNIX commands!

Try:
	ar t "God"
	drink < bottle; opener			(Bourne Shell)
	cat "food in tin cans"			(all but 4.[23]BSD)
	Hey UNIX!  Got a match?			(V6 or C shell)
	mkdir matter; cat > matter		(Bourne Shell)
	rm God
	man: Why did you get a divorce?		(C shell)
	date me					(anything up to 4.3BSD)
	make "heads or tails of all this"
	who is smart
						(C shell)
	If I had a ) for every dollar of the national debt, what would I have?
	sleep with me				(anything up to 4.3BSD)


Arbitrary systems, pl.n.:
	Systems about which nothing general can be said, save "nothing
general can be said."


You know the great thing about TV?  If something important happens
anywhere at all in the world, no matter what time of the day or night,
you can always change the channel.
		-- Jim Ignatowski


She's genuinely bogus.


Do infants have as much fun in infancy as adults do in adultery?


Nobody really knows what happiness is, until they're married.
And then it's too late.


Cigarette, n.:
	A fire at one end, a fool at the other, and a bit of tobacco in
	between.


Top 10 things likely to be overheard if you had a Klingon Programmer:

10) Specifications are for the weak and timid!
 9) You question the worthiness of my code?  I should kill you where you stand!
 8) Indentation?! - I will show you how to indent when I indent your skull!
 7) What is this talk of 'release'?  Klingons do not make software 'releases'.
    Our software 'escapes' leaving a bloody trail of designers and quality
    assurance people in its wake.
 6) Klingon function calls do not have 'parameters' - they have 'arguments'
     - and they ALWAYS WIN THEM.
 5) Debugging?  Klingons do not debug.  Our software does not coddle the weak.
 4) A TRUE Klingon Warrior does not comment his code!
 3) Klingon software does NOT have BUGS.  It has FEATURES, and those features
    are too sophisticated for a Romulan pig like you to understand.
 2) You cannot truly appreciate Dilbert unless you've read it in the
    original Klingon.
 1) Our users will know fear and cower before our software!  Ship it!  Ship
    it and let them flee like the dogs they are!


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #37:

Q:  Did he pick the dog up by the ears?
A:  No.
Q:  What was he doing with the dog's ears?
A:  Picking them up in the air.
Q:  Where was the dog at this time?
A:  Attached to the ears.


First rule of public speaking.
	First, tell 'em what you're goin' to tell 'em;
	then tell 'em;
	then tell 'em what you've tole 'em.


There are four kinds of homicide: felonious, excusable, justifiable,
and praiseworthy ...
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Lawful Dungeon Master -- and they're MY laws!


That all men should be brothers is the dream of people who have no brothers.
		-- Charles Chincholles, "Pensees de tout le monde"


If addiction is judged by how long a dumb animal will sit pressing a lever
to get a "fix" of something, to its own detriment, then I would conclude
that netnews is far more addictive than cocaine.
		-- Rob Stampfli


Fortune's Great Moments in History: #3

August 27, 1949:
	A Hall of Fame opened to honor outstanding members of the
	Women's Air Corp.  It was a WAC's Museum.


Everyone who comes in here wants three things:
	1. They want it quick.
	2. They want it good.
	3. They want it cheap.
I tell 'em to pick two and call me back.
		-- sign on the back wall of a small printing company


40 isn't old.  If you're a tree.


Department chairmen never die, they just lose their faculties.


	It was the next morning that the armies of Twodor marched east
laden with long lances, sharp swords, and death-dealing hangovers.  The
thousands were led by Arrowroot, who sat limply in his sidesaddle,
nursing a whopper.  Goodgulf, Gimlet, and the rest rode by him, praying
for their fate to be quick, painless, and if possible, someone else's.
	Many an hour the armies forged ahead, the war-merinos bleating
under their heavy burdens and the soldiers bleating under their melting
icepacks.
		-- The Harvard Lampoon, "Bored of the Rings"


Since we cannot hope for order, let us withdraw with style from the chaos.
		-- Tom Stoppard


Hedonist for hire... no job too easy!


I am professionally trained in computer science, which is to say
(in all seriousness) that I am extremely poorly educated.
		-- Joseph Weizenbaum, "Computer Power and Human Reason"


Rejection, n.:
	When you're masturbating and your hand falls asleep.


Have you seen the latest Japanese camera?  Apparently it is so fast it can
photograph an American with his mouth shut!


Collaboration, n.:
	A literary partnership based on the false assumption that the
	other fellow can spell.


CHRIST:
	A man who was born at least 5,000 years ahead of his time.


SWEATER:
	A garment worn by a child when their mother feels chilly.


Many companies that have made themselves dependent on [the equipment of a
certain major manufacturer] (and in doing so have sold their soul to the
devil) will collapse under the sheer weight of the unmastered complexity of
their data processing systems.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


World tensions have, if anything, increased in the quarter century
since H. G. Wells uttered his glum warning:  "There is no more evil
thing on earth than race prejudice, none at all.  I write deliberately
-- it is the worst single thing in life now.  It justifies and holds
together more baseness, cruelty and abomination than any other sort of
error in the world."
		-- Sydney Harris


A man who likes to lie in bed can usually
find a girl willing to listen to him.


	THE WOMBAT

The wombat lives across the seas,
Among the far Antipodes.
He may exist on nuts and berries,
Or then again, on missionaries;
His distant habitat precludes
Conclusive knowledge of his moods.
But I would not engage the wombat
In any form of mortal combat.


...the heat come 'round and busted me for smiling on a cloudy day.


I'm not proud.


QOTD:
	"Flash!  Flash!  I love you! ...but we only have fourteen hours to
	save the earth!"


Real computer scientists despise the idea of actual hardware.  Hardware has
limitations, software doesn't.  It's a real shame that Turing machines are
so poor at I/O.


Three great scientific theories of the structure of the universe are
the molecular, the corpuscular and the atomic.  A fourth affirms, with
Haeckel, the condensation or precipitation of matter from ether --
whose existence is proved by the condensation or precipitation ... A
fifth theory is held by idiots, but it is doubtful if they know any
more about the matter than the others.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


After your lover has gone you will still have PEANUT BUTTER!


TRUST ME:
	Get me, give me, buy me, do me.


We the unwilling, led by the ungrateful, are doing the impossible.
We've done so much, for so long, with so little,
that we are now qualified to do something with nothing.


In fiction the recourse of the powerless is murder;
in life the recourse of the powerless is petty theft.


Man's lust for a bust is hardly recent,
Some say not even indecent.
But if you lust,
It's a must!


This quote is taken from the Diamondback, the University of Maryland
student newspaper, of Tuesday, 3/10/87.

	One disadvantage of the Univac system is that it does not use
	Unix, a recently developed program which translates from one
	computer language to another and has a built-in editing system
	which identifies errors in the original program.


Murphy's Law of Research:
	Enough research will tend to support your theory.


The USA is so enormous, and so numerous are its schools, colleges and
religious seminaries, many devoted to special religious beliefs ranging
from the unorthodox to the dotty, that we can hardly wonder at its
yielding a more bounteous harvest of gobbledygook than the rest of the
world put together.
		-- Sir Peter Medawar


Thinks't thou existence doth depend on time?
It doth; but actions are our epochs; mine
Have made my days and nights imperishable,
Endless, and all alike, as sands on the shore,
Innumerable atoms; and one desert,
Barren and cold, on which the wild waves break,
But nothing rests, save carcasses and wrecks,
Rocks, and the salt-surf weeds of bitterness.


Then here's to the City of Boston,
The town of the cries and the groans.
Where the Cabots can't see the Kabotschniks,
And the Lowells won't speak to the Cohns.
		-- Franklin Pierce Adams


It's better to be quotable than to be honest.
		-- Tom Stoppard


It is indeed desirable to be well descended,
but the glory belongs to our ancestors.
		-- Plutarch


What is the difficulty with writing a PDP-8 program to emulate Jerry
Ford?

Figuring out what to do with the other 3K.


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #8

	Idaho state law makes it illegal for a man to give his sweetheart
a box of candy weighing less than fifty pounds.


Dame Catherine of Ashton-on-Lynches
Got on with her grooms and her wenches:
	She went down on the gents,
	And pronged the girl's vents
With a clitoris reaching six inches.


The four building blocks of the universe are fire, water, gravel and
vinyl.
		-- Dave Barry


The means-and-ends moralists, or non-doers,
always end up on their ends without any means.
		-- Saul Alinsky


It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees.


Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.


Gumperson's Law:
	The probability of a given event
	occurring is inversely proportional to its desirability.


No man can have a reasonable opinion of women until he has long lost
interest in hair restorers.
		-- Austin O'Malley


The question is, why are politicians so eager to be president?  What is
it about the job that makes it worth revealing, on national television,
that you have the ethical standards of a slime-coated piece of
industrial waste?
		-- Dave Barry, "On Presidential Politics"


During the Reagan-Mondale debates:

Q:	"Do you feel that a person's age affects his ability to
		perform as president?"
Reagan:	"I refuse to make an issue out of my opponent's youth and
		inexperience."


Life is one long struggle in the dark.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


Anyone who knows history, particularly the history of Europe, will, I think,
recognize that the domination of education or of government by any one
particular religious faith is never a happy arrangement for the people.
		-- Eleanor Roosevelt


How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.


Code rot -- mostly caused by people redefining "fresh".
		-- Wes Peters


CHRISTIAN:
	One who follows the teachings of Christ in so far
	as they are not inconsistent with a life of sin.


His ideas of first-aid stopped short of squirting soda water.
		-- P. G. Wodehouse


Hear about...
	the wild office Christmas party in a completely automated
	company -- the photocopier got drunk and tried to undo the
	typewriter's ribbon?


How is the world ruled, and how do wars start?  Diplomats tell lies to
journalists, and they believe what they read.
		-- Karl Kraus, "Aphorisms and More Aphorisms"


We are on the verge: Today our program proved Fermat's next-to-last
theorem.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


Computer programs expand so as to fill the core available.


I wouldn't be so paranoid if you weren't all out to get me!!


He has not acquired a fortune; the fortune has acquired him.
		-- Bion


Finagle's Eighth Law:
	If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.

Finagle's Ninth Law:
	No matter what results are expected,
	someone is always willing to fake it.

Finagle's Tenth Law:
	No matter what the result someone
	is always eager to misinterpret it.

Finagle's Eleventh Law:
	No matter what occurs, someone believes
	it happened according to his pet theory.


Lemma:  All horses are the same color.
Proof (by induction):
	Case n = 1: In a set with only one horse, it is obvious that all
	horses in that set are the same color.
	Case n = k: Suppose you have a set of k+1 horses.  Pull one of these
	horses out of the set, so that you have k horses.  Suppose that all
	of these horses are the same color.  Now put back the horse that you
	took out, and pull out a different one.  Suppose that all of the k
	horses now in the set are the same color.  Then the set of k+1 horses
	are all the same color.  We have k true => k+1 true; therefore all
	horses are the same color.
Theorem: All horses have an infinite number of legs.
Proof (by intimidation):
	Everyone would agree that all horses have an even number of legs.  It
	is also well-known that horses have forelegs in front and two legs in
	back.  4 + 2 = 6 legs, which is certainly an odd number of legs for a
	horse to have!  Now the only number that is both even and odd is
	infinity; therefore all horses have an infinite number of legs.
	However, suppose that there is a horse somewhere that does not have an
	infinite number of legs.  Well, that would be a horse of a different
	color; and by the Lemma, it doesn't exist.


She's so tough she won't take 'yes' for an answer.


Watch out for a cold wave this week.  (Or maybe a warm WAC.)


The best man for the job is often a woman.


It is better to have loved and lost than just to have lost.


The good die young -- because they see it's no use living if you've got
to be good.
		-- John Barrymore


There's small choice in rotten apples.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"


Westheimer's Discovery:
	A couple of months in the laboratory can
	frequently save a couple of hours in the library.


	"I think my wife may be getting somewhat overweight.
	"Oh, how can you tell?"
	"Well, last night when she sat on my face, I couldn't
hear the stereo."


Through a major bureaucratic error, you are made county coroner.
You seriously consider the job because it gives you:

	1: Lots of unclaimed wedding rings and watches.
	2: Lots of gold fillings and bridges.
	3: Free blood.
	4: A constantly changing array of new friends who aren't at
	   all stuffy about what happens to their genitalia.


Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today.  There might be a
law against it by that time.


You've got to pity New Mexico... so far from heaven and so close to Texas.


Every man is apt to form his notions of things difficult to be apprehended,
or less familiar, from their analogy to things which are more familiar.
Thus, if a man bred to the seafaring life, and accustomed to think and talk
only of matters relating to navigation, enters into discourse upon any other
subject; it is well known, that the language and the notions proper to his
own profession are infused into every subject, and all things are measured
by the rules of navigation: and if he should take it into his head to
philosophize concerning the faculties of the mind, it cannot be doubted,
but he would draw his notions from the fabric of the ship, and would find
in the mind, sails, masts, rudder, and compass.
		-- Thomas Reid, "An Inquiry into the Human Mind", 1764


Once there was this conductor see, who had a bass problem.  You see, during
a portion of Beethoven's Ninth Symphony in which there are no bass violin
parts, one of the bassists always passed a bottle of scotch around.  So,
to remind himself that the basses usually required an extra cue towards the
end of the symphony, the conductor would fasten a piece of string around the
page of the score before the bass cue.  As the basses grew more and more
inebriated, two of them fell asleep.  The conductor grew quite nervous (he
was very concerned about the pitch) because it was the bottom of the ninth;
the score was tied and the basses were loaded with two out.


After all my erstwhile dear,
My no longer cherished,
Need we say it was not love,
Just because it perished?
		-- Edna St. Vincent Millay


Seems to me that both the Democrats and the Republicans should change their
symbols to a contraceptive device; it stands for inflation, inhibits
production, protects a bunch of pricks and gives everyone a false sense of
security while they're being screwed.


A sense of humor keen enough to show a man his own absurdities will keep
him from the commission of all sins, or nearly all, save those that are
worth committing.
		-- Samuel Butler


PURITAN:
	Someone who is deathly afraid that
	someone, somewhere, is having fun.


I like to believe that people in the long run are going to do more to
promote peace than our governments.  Indeed, I think that people want
peace so much that one of these days governments had better get out of
the way and let them have it.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


They can't stop us... we're on a mission from God!
		-- The Blues Brothers


How come financial advisors never seem to be as wealthy as they
claim they'll make you?


Do you suffer painful elimination?
		-- Donald E. Knuth, "Structured Programming with Gotos"

Do you suffer painful recrimination?
		-- Nancy Boxer, "Structured Programming with Come-froms"

Do you suffer painful illumination?
		-- Isaac Newton, "Optics"

Do you suffer painful hallucination?
		-- Don Juan, cited by Carlos Casteneda


Pauca sed matura.  (Few but excellent.)
		-- Gauss


The time is right to make new friends.


Nature and nature's laws lay hid in night,
God said, "Let Newton be," and all was light.

It did not last; the devil howling "Ho!
Let Einstein be!" restored the status quo.


You cannot use your friends and have them too.


If you aren't rich you should always look useful.
		-- Louis-Ferdinand Celine


Death is life's way of telling you you've been fired.
		-- R. Geis


White House carpenters have reworked the master bedroom, remodeling it
so that Ronnie can sleep with his head in the hall.  That way, by the
time he wakes up, somebody will have already shined his hair.


If your mother knew what you're doing,
she'd probably hang her head and cry.


Cheops' Law:
	Nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget.


Q:	What's the difference between a dog and a fox?
A:	About four drinks.


Weed's Axiom:
	Never ask two questions in a business letter.
	The reply will discuss the one in which you are
	least interested and say nothing about the other.


The History of every major Galactic Civilization tends to pass through
three distinct and recognizable phases, those of Survival, Inquiry, and
Sophistication, otherwise known as the How, Why, and Where phases.  For
instance, the first phase is characterized by the question "How can we
eat?" the second by "Why do we eat?" and the third by "Where shall we
have lunch?".
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the End of the Universe"


Power, n.:
	The only narcotic regulated by the SEC instead of the FDA.


You can't judge a book by the way it wears its hair.


No skis take rocks like rental skis!


She asked me, "What's your sign?"
I blinked and answered "Neon,"
I thought I'd blow her mind...


Newton's Fourth Law:  Every action has an equal and opposite satisfaction.


