To defend the Saigon regime is not worth one more human life.
		-- Senator Edmund Muskie


And we heard him exclaim
As he started to roam:
"I'm a hologram, kids,
please don't try this at home!'"
		-- Bob Violence


Ever feel like life was a game and you had the wrong instruction book?


Every man thinks God is on his side.  The rich
and powerful know that he is.
		-- Jean Anouilh, "The Lark"


Not that we needed all that stuff, but when you get locked into a
serious drug collection the tendency is to push it as far as you can.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas"


Space: the final frontier.  These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise.
Its five-year mission: to explore strange new worlds; to seek out new life
and new civilizations; to boldly go where no man has gone before.
		-- Captain James T. Kirk


A tall, dark stranger will have more fun than you.


	"How did you spend the weekend?" asked the pretty brunette secretary
of her blonde companion.
	"Fishing through the ice," she replied.
	"Fishing through the ice?  Whatever for?"
	"Olives."


A private sin is not so prejudicial in the world as a public indecency.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


The reward of a thing well done is to have done it.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Premature ejaculation, n.:
	A spoilspurt.


There's no such thing as a free lunch.
		-- Milton Friendman


Democracy is good.  I say this because other systems are worse.
		-- Jawaharlal Nehru


Normally our rules are rigid; we tend to discretion, if for no other
reason than self-protection.  We never recommend any of our graduates,
although we cheerfully provide information as to those who have failed
their courses.
		-- Jack Vance, "Freitzke's Turn"


	Approaching the gates of the monastery, Hakuin found Ken the Zen
preaching to a group of disciples.
	"Words..." Ken orated, "they are but an illusory veil obfuscating
the absolute reality of --"
	"Ken!" Hakuin interrupted. "Your fly is down!"
	Whereupon the Clear Light of Illumination exploded upon Ken, and he
vaporized.
	On the way to town, Hakuin was greeted by an itinerant monk imbued
with the spirit of the morning.
	"Ah," the monk sighed, a beatific smile wrinkling across his cheeks,
"Thou art That..."
	"Ah," Hakuin replied, pointing excitedly, "And Thou art Fat!"
	Whereupon the Clear Light of Illumination exploded upon the monk,
and he vaporized.
	Next, the Governor sought the advice of Hakuin, crying: "As our
enemies bear down upon us, how shall I, with such heartless and callow
soldiers as I am heir to, hope to withstand the impending onslaught?"
	"US?" snapped Hakuin.
	Whereupon the Clear Light of Illumination exploded upon the
Governor, and he vaporized.
	Then, a redneck went up to Hakuin and vaporized the old Master with
his shotgun.  "Ha! Beat ya' to the punchline, ya' scrawny li'l geek!"


Sex is as honest a product benefit for fragrance [perfume] as taste is
for diet Coke.
		-- Malcolm DacDougall


A man was griping to his friend about how he hated to go home after a
late card games.
	"You wouldn't believe what I go through to avoid waking my wife,"
he said.  "First, I kill the engine a block away from the house and coast
into the garage.  Then I open the door slowly, take off my shoes, and
tiptoe to our room.  But just as I'm about to slide into bed, she always
wakes up and gives me hell."
	"I make a big racket when I go home," his friend replied.
	"You do?"
	"Sure.  I honk the horn, slam the door, turn on all the lights,
stomp up to the bedroom and give my wife a big kiss.  `Hi, Alice,' I say.
`How about a little smooch for your old man?'"
	"And what does she say?" his friend asked in disbelief.
	"She doesn't say anything," his buddy replied.  "She always pretends
she's asleep."


When we understand knowledge-based systems, it will be as before --
except our fingertips will have been singed.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
		-- Lao Tsu


The secret of success is sincerity.  Once you can fake that,
you've got it made.
		-- Jean Giraudoux


Don't wake me up too soon...
Gonna take a ride across the moon...
You and me.


Crush!  Kill!  Destroy!


A farmer is a man outstanding in his field.


Macho, adj.:
	Jogging home from a vasectomy.


When you're dining out and you suspect
something's wrong, you're probably right.


	A novice asked the Master: "Here is a programmer that never designs,
documents, or tests his programs.  Yet all who know him consider him one of
the best programmers in the world.  Why is this?"
	The Master replies: "That programmer has mastered the Tao.  He has
gone beyond the need for design; he does not become angry when the system
crashes, but accepts the universe without concern.  He has gone beyond the
need for documentation; he no longer cares if anyone else sees his code.  He
has gone beyond the need for testing; each of his programs are perfect within
themselves, serene and elegant, their purpose self-evident.  Truly, he has
entered the mystery of the Tao."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Americans' greatest fear is that America will turn out
to have been a phenomenon, not a civilization.
		-- Shirley Hazzard, "Transit of Venus"


We don't have to protect the environment -- the Second Coming is at
hand.
		-- James Watt


	The salesman and the system analyst took off to spend a weekend in the
forest, hunting bear.  They'd rented a cabin, and, when they got there, took
their backpacks off and put them inside.  At which point the salesman turned
to his friend, and said, "You unpack while I go and find us a bear."
	Puzzled, the analyst finished unpacking and then went and sat down
on the porch.  Soon he could hear rustling noises in the forest.  The noises
got nearer -- and louder -- and suddenly there was the salesman, running like
hell across the clearing toward the cabin, pursued by one of the largest and
most ferocious grizzly bears the analyst had ever seen.
	"Open the door!", screamed the salesman.
	The analyst whipped open the door, and the salesman ran to the door,
suddenly stopped, and stepped aside.  The bear, unable to stop, continued
through the door and into the cabin.  The salesman slammed the door closed
and grinned at his friend.  "Got him!", he exclaimed, "now, you skin this
one and I'll go rustle us up another!"


Ritchie's Rule:
	(1) Everything has some value -- if you use the right currency.
	(2) Paint splashes last longer than the paint job.
	(3) Search and ye shall find -- but make sure it was lost.


      /\
     \\ \
  / \ \\ /
 / / \/ / //\	SUN of them wants to use you,
 \//\   \// /	SUN of them wants to be used by you,
  / /  /\  /	SUN of them wants to abuse you,
   /  \\ \	SUN of them wants to be abused ...
     \ \\
      \/
		-- Eurythmics


The giraffe you thought you offended last week is willing to be nuzzled
today.


God is real, unless declared integer.


Always the dullness of the fool is the whetstone of the wits.
		-- William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"


Don't accept rides from strange men -- and remember that all men
are strange as hell.
		-- Robin Morgan, "Sisterhood Is Powerful"


When God saw how faulty was man He tried again and made woman.  As to
why he then stopped there are two opinions.  One of them is woman's.
		-- DeGourmont


Q:	How did the elephant get to the top of the oak tree?
A:	He sat on an acorn and waited for spring.

Q:	But how did he get back down?
A:	He crawled out on a leaf and waited for autumn.


Remember the... the... uhh.....


MONTANA:
	Where forty-three below keeps out the riff-raff.


APL hackers take all they want.


The departing division general manager met a last time with his young
successor and gave him three envelopes.  "My predecessor did this for me,
and I'll pass the tradition along to you," he said.  "At the first sign
of trouble, open the first envelope.  Any further difficulties, open the
second envelope.  Then, if problems continue, open the third envelope.
Good luck."  The new manager returned to his office and tossed the envelopes
into a drawer.
	Six months later, costs soared and earnings plummeted. Shaken, the
young man opened the first envelope, which said, "Blame it all on me."
	The next day, he held a press conference and did just that.  The
crisis passed.
	Six months later, sales dropped precipitously.  The beleaguered
manager opened the second envelope.  It said, "Reorganize."
	He held another press conference, announcing that the division
would be restructured.  The crisis passed.
	A year later, everything went wrong at once and the manager was
blamed for all of it.  The harried executive closed his office door, sank
into his chair, and opened the third envelope.
	"Prepare three envelopes..." it said.


There is one way to find out if a man is honest -- ask him.  If he says
"Yes" you know he is crooked.
		-- Groucho Marx


In the early morning queue,
With a listing in my hand.
With a worry in my heart,	There on terminal number 9,
Waitin' here in CERAS-land.	Pascal run all set to go.
I'm a long way from sleep,	But I'm waitin' in the queue,
How I miss a good meal so.	With this code that ever grows.
In the early mornin' queue,	Now the lobby chairs are soft,
With no place to go.		But that can't make the queue move fast.
				Hey, there it goes my friend,
				I've moved up one at last.
		-- Ernest Adams, "Early Morning Queue", to "Early
		   Morning Rain" by G. Lightfoot


The probability of someone watching you is directly
proportional to the stupidity of your action.


One thing the inventors can't seem to
get the bugs out of is fresh paint.


If you laid all of our laws end to end, there would be no end.
		-- Mark Twain


Bahdges?  We don't need no stinkin' bahdges!
		-- "The Treasure of Sierra Madre"


	Once in a medieval times...there was a King who was getting sort of
bored after dinner one night.  He decided to hold a contest of who at the
court had the mightiest "weapon".  The first knight stood up and proclaimed
that he had the mightiest weapon... he pulled down his pants and tied a 5
pound weight around it.  The weapon doth rose.  The crowds cheered... the
women swooned... the children waved multi-colored banners... and the band
played appropriate music.
	Another knight stood up and claimed that he had the mightiest weapon.
He dropped his pants and tied a 10 pound weight to himself.  The weapon doth
rose. The crowds cheered... the women swooned... the children waved
multi-colored banners...  and the band played appropriate music.
	After several more knights tried to prove their superiority...  the
King finally spoke out. "I have the mightiest weapon of them all!" He dropped
his pants and tied, not a 10 pound, not a 20 pound, not ever a thirty pound,
but a 40 pound weight, plus a coffee pot, to himself. The weapon doth rose.
The crowds cheered...  the women swooned... the children waved multi-colored
banners... and the band played "God Save the Queen."


Do not underestimate the power of the Farce.


There are four stages to a marriage.  First there's the affair, then there's
the marriage, then children and finally the fourth stage, without which you
cannot know a woman, the divorce.
		-- Norman Mailer


I've noticed several design suggestions in your code.


Knowledge without common sense is folly.


People never lie so much as after a hunt, during a war, or before an
election.
		-- Otto von Bismarck


If pro is the opposite of con, what is the opposite of progress?


There are never any bugs you haven't found yet.


Something better...

 1 (obvious): Excuse me.  Is that your nose or did a bus park on your face?
 2 (meteorological): Everybody take cover.  She's going to blow.
 3 (fashionable): You know, you could de-emphasize your nose if you wore
	something larger.  Like ... Wyoming.
 4 (personal): Well, here we are.  Just the three of us.
 5 (punctual): Alright gentlemen.  Your nose was on time but you were fifteen
	minutes late.
 6 (envious): Oooo, I wish I were you.  Gosh.  To be able to smell your
	own ear.
 7 (naughty): Pardon me, Sir.  Some of the ladies have asked if you wouldn't
	mind putting that thing away.
 8 (philosophical): You know.  It's not the size of a nose that's important.
	It's what's in it that matters.
 9 (humorous): Laugh and the world laughs with you.  Sneeze and its goodbye
	Seattle.
10 (commercial): Hi, I'm Earl Schibe and I can paint that nose for $39.95.
11 (polite): Ah.  Would you mind not bobbing your head.  The orchestra keeps
	changing tempo.
12 (melodic): Everybody! "He's got the whole world in his nose."
		-- Steve Martin, "Roxanne"


It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees.


Identify your visitor.


When I said "we", officer, I was referring to
myself, the four young ladies, and, of course, the goat.


You're at the end of the road again.


With clothes the new are best, with friends the old are best.


Children are natural mimics who act like their parents
despite every effort to teach them good manners.


The church saves sinners, but science seeks to stop their manufacture.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


Politics, as a practice, whatever its professions, has always been the
systematic organisation of hatreds.
		-- Henry Adams, "The Education of Henry Adams"


Why do so many foods come packaged in plastic?
It's quite uncanny.


Tell me why the stars do shine,
Tell me why the ivy twines,
Tell me why the sky's so blue,
And I will tell you just why I love you.

	Nuclear fusion makes stars to shine,
	Phototropism makes ivy twine,
	Rayleigh scattering makes sky so blue,
	Sexual hormones are why I love you.


Working here is like a pregnancy.
After nine months you wish you hadn't come.


One day Father O'Malley was walking through the park when he came upon an
enchanting scene.  A beautiful little girl with long blond hair, deep blue
eyes, and a dainty white dress was reading under a tree with her adorable
little dog.
	What a lovely picture, thought the Father to himself.  Walking over,
he asked, "Child, what is your name?"
	"Blossom," she replied.
	"What a fitting name," exclaimed Father O'Malley.  "And how did your
parents come to choose such a pretty name?"
	"Well, one day when I was still in my mommy's tummy she was lying
under this very tree when a blossom fell and landed on her stomach.  She
thought it was a message from God and decided that I would be a girl and my
name would be Blossom," explained the little girl sweetly.
	How charming, thought the priest.  He started to say good-bye and
walk away, then turned back.  "And the name of your little dog?" he
inquired.
	"Porky," was the child's reply.
	Again he asked her how the unusual name had been chosen.
	"Because he likes to fuck pigs."


Wagner's music is better than it sounds.
		-- Mark Twain


THE OLD POOL SHOOTER had won many a game in his life. But now it was time
to hang up the cue. When he did, all the other cues came crashing go the
floor.

"Sorry," he said with a smile.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


I needed the good will of the legislature of four states.  I formed the
legislative bodies with my own money.  I found that it was cheaper that
way.
		-- Jay Gould


Pascal is a language for children wanting to be naughty.
		-- Dr. Kasi Ananthanarayanan


Q:	Why can't Hellen Keller have children?
A:	Because she's dead.


It is Texas law that when two trains meet each other at a railroad
crossing, each shall come to a full stop, and neither shall proceed
until the other has gone.


God help the troubadour who tries to be a star.  The more
that you try to find success, the more that you will fail.
		-- Phil Ochs, on the Second System Effect


Anyone who imagines that all fruits ripen at the same time
as the strawberries, knows nothing about grapes.
		-- Philippus Paracelsus


America is a melting pot.  You know, where those on the bottom get burned,
and the scum rises to the top.
		-- Utah Phillips


You may get an opportunity for advancement today.  Watch it!


The difference between the right word and the almost right word
is the difference between lightning and the lightning bug.
		-- Mark Twain


When someone makes a move		We'll send them all we've got,
Of which we don't approve,		John Wayne and Randolph Scott,
Who is it that always intervenes?	Remember those exciting fighting scenes?
U.N. and O.A.S.,			To the shores of Tripoli,
They have their place, I guess,		But not to Mississippoli,
But first, send the Marines!		What do we do?  We send the Marines!

For might makes right,			Members of the corps
And till they've seen the light,	All hate the thought of war:
They've got to be protected,		They'd rather kill them off by
						peaceful means.
All their rights respected,		Stop calling it aggression--
Till somebody we like can be elected.	We hate that expression!
					We only want the world to know
					That we support the status quo;
					They love us everywhere we go,
					So when in doubt, send the Marines!
		-- Tom Lehrer, "Send The Marines"


You can fool some of the people some of the time,
and some of the people all of the time, and that is sufficient.


After the game the king and the pawn go in the same box.
		-- Italian proverb


So live that you wouldn't be ashamed
to sell the family parrot to the town gossip.


Anarchy may not be the best form of government, but it's better than no
government at all.


It looks like blind screaming hedonism won out.


	Once there lived a village of creatures along the bottom of a great
crystal river.  Each creature in its own manner clung tightly to the twigs
and rocks of the river bottom, for clinging was their way of life, and
resisting the current what each had learned from birth.  But one creature
said at last, "I trust that the current knows where it is going.  I shall
let go, and let it take me where it will.  Clinging, I shall die of boredom."
	The other creatures laughed and said, "Fool!  Let go, and that current
you worship will throw you tumbled and smashed across the rocks, and you will
die quicker than boredom!"
	But the one heeded them not, and taking a breath did let go, and at
once was tumbled and smashed by the current across the rocks.  Yet, in time,
as the creature refused to cling again, the current lifted him free from the
bottom, and he was bruised and hurt no more.
	And the creatures downstream, to whom he was a stranger, cried, "See
a miracle!  A creature like ourselves, yet he flies!  See the Messiah, come
to save us all!"  And the one carried in the current said, "I am no more
Messiah than you.  The river delight to lift us free, if only we dare let go.
Our true work is this voyage, this adventure.
	But they cried the more, "Saviour!" all the while clinging to the
rocks, making legends of a Saviour.
		-- Richard Bach


Syntactic sugar causes cancer of the semicolon.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


I exist, therefore I am paid.


Any philosophy that can be put in a nutshell belongs there.
		-- Sydney J. Harris


	"I need a camel that can go without water for at least three weeks,"
the American said to an Algerian camel merchant.  "Is it possible?"
	"All things are possible," replied the merchant.  He proceeded to
take a camel out of his barn and lead him to a tank of water.  After the
camel had drunk its fill and was about to lift its head out of the tank,
the merchant picked up two nearby bricks, one in each hand, stepped behind
the camel, and smacked his testicles with the bricks.
	The camel let out a gigantic "Whhoooosh!" and sucked up what seemed
like twenty more gallons of water.
	The American stared incredulously at the camel merchant.  "My God,
man!" he exclaimed, "doesn't that hurt?!"
	The merchant shrugged.  "Only if you get your thumbs in between the
bricks."


Captain Hook died of jock itch.


Life is a healthy respect for mother nature laced with greed.


The little pieces of my life I give to you,
with love, to make a quilt to keep away the cold.


It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.
		-- Roger Babson


He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.
		-- Lao Tsu


Wake up and smell the coffee.
		-- Ann Landers


The Worst American Poet
	Julia Moore, "the Sweet Singer of Michigan" (1847-1920) was so bad that
Mark Twain said her first book gave him joy for 20 years.
	Her verse was mainly concerned with violent death -- the great fire
of Chicago and the yellow fever epidemic proved natural subjects for her
pen.
	Whether death was by drowning, by fits or by runaway sleigh, the
formula was the same:
		Have you heard of the dreadful fate
		Of Mr. P. P. Bliss and wife?
		Of their death I will relate,
		And also others lost their life
		(in the) Ashbula Bridge disaster,
		Where so many people died.
	Even if you started out reasonably healthy in one of Julia's poems,
the chances are that after a few stanzas you would be at the bottom of a
river or struck by lightning.  A critic of the day said she was "worse than
a Gatling gun" and in one slim volume counted 21 killed and 9 wounded.
	Incredibly, some newspapers were critical of her work, even
suggesting that the sweet singer was "semi-literate".  Her reply was
forthright: "The Editors that has spoken in this scandalous manner have went
beyond reason."  She added that "literary work is very difficult to do".
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


For flavor, instant sex will never supersede the stuff you have to peel
and cook.
		-- Quentin Crisp


nohup rm -fr /&


Finding out what goes on in the C.I.A. is like performing acupuncture
on a rock.
		-- New York Times, Jan. 20, 1981


The shifts of Fortune test the reliability of friends.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero


QOTD:
	"I used to beat off so much in the shower, I'd get a hard on every
	time it rained."


That's no moon...
		-- Obi-wan Kenobi


The future is a myth created by insurance
salesmen and high school counselors.


It is better to burn out than it is to rust.


QOTD:
	"I met her [his fiance] over lunch on Thursday.  She had a firm
	grip.  He's a lucky man."


Greatness is a transitory experience. It is never consistent.


Q:	Why did the chicken cross the road?
A:	He was giving it last rites.


Lying is an indispensable part of making life tolerable.
		-- Bergan Evans


Rube Walker: "Hey, Yogi, what time is it?"
Yogi Berra:  "You mean now?"


Crucifixes are sexy because there's a naked man on them.
		-- Madonna


The animals are not as stupid as one thinks -- they have neither
doctors nor lawyers.
		-- L. Docquier


You will give someone a piece of your mind, which you can ill afford.


It was a female that drove me to drink
and I didn't even have the kindness to thank her.
		-- R.E. Baber


But Captain -- the engines can't take this much longer!


	There once was a master programmer who wrote unstructured programs.
A novice programmer, seeking to imitate him, also began to write unstructured
programs.  When the novice asked the master to evaluate his progress, the
master criticized him for writing unstructured programs, saying: "What is
appropriate for the master is not appropriate for the novice.  You must
understand the Tao before transcending structure."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


The fact that it works is immaterial.
		-- L. Ogborn


A putt that stops close enough to the cup to inspire such comments as
"you could blow it in" may be blown in.  This rule does not apply if
the ball is more than three inches from the hole, because no one wants
to make a travesty of the game.
		-- Donald A. Metz


PROBLEM DRINKER:
	A man who never buys.


Other people don't give you orgasms; you have them, and they help you
cash them in.


About all some men accomplish in life is to send a son to Harvard.


Don't make a big deal out of everything; just deal with everything.


To be is to do.
		-- I. Kant
To do is to be.
		-- A. Sartre
Do be a Do Bee!
		-- Miss Connie, Romper Room
Do be do be do!
		-- F. Sinatra
Yabba-Dabba-Doo!
		-- F. Flintstone


Never put off till run-time what you can do at compile-time.
		-- D. Gries


Her figure described a set of parabolas that could cause cardiac arrest
in a yak.
		-- Woody Allen


The Law of the Perversity of Nature:
	You cannot determine beforehand which side of the bread to butter.


	"Yes, sir, the bowling ball nipple rings in black.  Will there
be anything else?"


FORTUNE TESTS THE GREAT MANAGERS: #3

You have prepared a proposal for your supervisor.  The success of this
proposal will mean increasing your salary 20%.  In the middle of your
proposal your supervisor leans over to look at your report and spits into
your coffee.  You:

	(a)  Tell him you take your coffee black.
	(b)  Ask him if he has any communicable diseases.
	(c)  Show him who's in command; promptly take a piss in his
		"In" basket.
	(d)  Take a sip and comment how much better it tastes.


The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI", Part IV


	Once upon a time there were three brothers who were knights
in a certain kingdom.  And, there was a Princess in a neighboring kingdom
who was of marriageable age.  Well, one day, in full armour, their horses,
and their page, the three brothers set off to see if one of them could
win her hand.  The road was long and there were many obstacles along the
way, robbers to be overcome, hard terrain to cross.  As they coped with
each obstacle they became more and more disgusted with their page.  He was
not only inept, he was a coward, he could not handle the horses, he was,
in short, a complete flop.  When they arrived at the court of the kingdom,
they found that they were expected to present the Princess with some
treasure.  The two older brothers were discouraged, since they had not
thought of this and were unprepared.  The youngest, however, had the
answer:  Promise her anything, but give her our page.


If the shoe fits, it's ugly.


Never be led astray onto the path of virtue.


I'd love to go out with you, but the last time I went out, I never
came back.


MARRIAGE:
	An old, established institution, entered into by two people deeply
	in love and desiring to make a commitment to each other expressing
	that love.  In short, commitment to an institution.


Fig Newton.


