"The Schizophrenic: An Unauthorized Autobiography"


If someone were to ask me for a short cut to sensuality, I would
suggest he go shopping for a used 427 Shelby-Cobra.  But it is only
fair to warn you that of the 300 guys who switched to them in 1966,
only two went back to women.
		-- Mort Sahl


The weed of crime bears bitter fruit.


We must!  We must!
We must increase our bust!
The bigger the better!
The tighter the sweater!
And the boys will think more of us!


	"My mother," said the sweet young steno, "says there are some things
a girl should not do before twenty."
	"Your mother is right," said the executive, "I don't like a large
audience, either."


Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side?  And hain't that
a big enough majority in any town?
		-- Mark Twain, "Huckleberry Finn"


	During a grouse hunt in North Carolina two intrepid sportsmen were
blasting away at a clump of trees near a stone wall.  Suddenly a red-face
country squire popped his head over the wall and shouted, "Hey, you almost
hit my wife."
	"Did I?" cried one hunter, aghast.  "Terribly sorry.  Have a shot
at mine, over there."


It's only by NOT taking the human race seriously that I retain
what fragments of my once considerable mental powers I still possess.
		-- Roger Noe


The confusion of a staff member is measured by the length of his
memos.
		-- New York Times, Jan. 20, 1981


Dealing with the problem of pure staff accumulation,
all our researches ... point to an average increase of 5.75% per year.
		-- C. N. Parkinson


Bing's Rule:
	Don't try to stem the tide -- move the beach.


Integrity has no need for rules.


We have reason to believe that man first
walked upright to free his hands for masturbation.
		-- Lily Tomlin


This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and
intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to which they
are addressed. If you are not the intended recipient of this
transmission, please delete it immediately.

Obviously, I am the idiot who sent it to you by mistake. Furthermore,
there is no way I can force you to delete it. Worse, by the time you
have reached this disclaimer you have already read the document.
Telling you to forget it would seem absurd. In any event, I have no
legal right to force you to take any action upon this email anyway.

This entire disclaimer is just a waste of everyone's time and
bandwidth. Therefore, let us just forget the whole thing and enjoy a
cold beer instead.
 		-- found on the dovecot mailinglist


Rule #1:
	The Boss is always right.

Rule #2:
	If the Boss is wrong, see Rule #1.


Old Mother Hubbard went to the cupboard
To fetch her poor daughter a dress.
When she got there, the cupboard was bare
And so was her daughter, I guess...


	"My God!  Are we sure he was a liberal?"
	"Pretty sure.  They pulled him from a Volvo."


Q:	How many bureaucrats does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Two.  One to assure everyone that everything possible is being
	done while the other screws the bulb into the water faucet.


I like your game but we have to change the rules.


	Attracted by repeated newspaper advertisements, and realizing that
his waist had gone both East and West despite his daily racquetball, a young
executive appeared at a local health resort.  Looking over the several weight
loss plans offered, he selected one guaranteed to reduce his weight by two
pounds per day.  After a light breakfast, and an almost non-existent lunch, he
was escorted to a large room, where a young, attractive woman told him that
"if he caught her, he could have her".  After an hour of hard running, he
finally gave up; and weighing himself, was comforted to realize that he had
lost just under three pounds.  Returning the next week, he chose the plan that
was to reduce his weight by four pounds per session.  After following the same
regimen, he was again escorted to a large room, but after two hours of running,
he caught the young woman.  Weight loss, just over four pounds.  Returning the
following week, he chose to lose eight pounds in a single day.  He was shown
to the largest room he'd seen, by far, where he was confronted by an extremely
muscular, burly man, who looked him square in the eye, flung his towel into
a corner, and snarled, "You know the rules.  Start running!"


Nine megs for the secretaries fair,
Seven megs for the hackers scarce,
Five megs for the grads in smoky lairs,
Three megs for system source;

One disk to rule them all,
One disk to bind them,
One disk to hold the files
And in the darkness grind 'em.


Fifth Law of Applied Terror:
	If you are given an open-book exam, you will forget your book.
Corollary:
	If you are given a take-home exam, you will forget where you live.


>>> Internal error in fortune program:
>>>	fnum=2987  n=45  flag=1  goose_level=-232323
>>> Please write down these values and notify fortune program administrator.


Here at the Phone Company, we serve all kinds of people;
from Presidents and Kings to the scum of the earth...


God was satisfied with his own work, and that is fatal.
		-- Samuel Butler


At work, the authority of a person is inversely proportional to the
number of pens that person is carrying.


The Bulwer-Lytton fiction contest is held ever year at San Jose State
Univ.  by Professor Scott Rice.  It is held in memory of Edward George
Earle Bulwer-Lytton (1803-1873), a rather prolific and popular (in his
time) novelist.  He is best known today for having written "The Last
Days of Pompeii."

Whenever Snoopy starts typing his novel from the top of his doghouse,
beginning "It was a dark and stormy night..." he is borrowing from Lord
Bulwer-Lytton.  This was the line that opened his novel, "Paul Clifford,"
written in 1830.  The full line reveals why it is so bad:

	It was a dark and stormy night; the rain fell in torrents -- except
	at occasional intervals, when it was checked by a violent gust of
	wind which swept up the streets (for it is in London that our scene
	lies), rattling along the housetops, and fiercely agitating the scanty
	flame of the lamps that struggled against the darkness.


Die?  I should say not, dear fellow.  No Barrymore
would allow such a conventional thing to happen to him.
		-- John Barrymore's dying words


Why do so many foods come packaged in plastic?
It's quite uncanny.


The Bulwer-Lytton fiction contest is held ever year at San Jose State
Univ.  by Professor Scott Rice.  It is held in memory of Edward George
Earle Bulwer-Lytton (1803-1873), a rather prolific and popular (in his
time) novelist.  He is best known today for having written "The Last
Days of Pompeii."

Whenever Snoopy starts typing his novel from the top of his doghouse,
beginning "It was a dark and stormy night..." he is borrowing from Lord
Bulwer-Lytton.  This was the line that opened his novel, "Paul Clifford,"
written in 1830.  The full line reveals why it is so bad:

	It was a dark and stormy night; the rain fell in torrents -- except
	at occasional intervals, when it was checked by a violent gust of
	wind which swept up the streets (for it is in London that our scene
	lies), rattling along the housetops, and fiercely agitating the scanty
	flame of the lamps that struggled against the darkness.


Ronald Reagan -- America's favorite placebo


Sight is a faculty; seeing is an art.


Must I hold a candle to my shames?
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"


Ethnologists up with the Sioux
Wired home for two punts, one canoe.
	The answer next day,
	Said, "Girls on the way,
But what the hell's a `panoe'?"


Politician, n.:
	An eel in the fundamental mud upon which the superstructure of
	organized society is reared.  When he wriggles, he mistakes the
	agitation of his tail for the trembling of the edifice.  As
	compared with the statesman, he suffers the disadvantage of
	being alive.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Any program which runs right is obsolete.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#5

Trust:
	The average woman would really like to be told if her mate is fooling
around behind her back.  This same woman wouldn't tell her best friend if
she knew the best friends' mate was having an affair.  She'll tell all her
OTHER friends, however.  The average man won't say anything if he knows that
one of his friend's mates is fooling around, and he'd rather not know if
his mate is having an affair either, out of fear that it might be with one
of his friends.  He will tell all his friends about his own affairs, though,
so they can be ready if he needs an alibi.

Driving:

	A typical man thinks he's Mario Andretti as soon as he slips behind
the wheel of his car.  The fact that it's an 8-year-old Honda doesn't keep
him from trying to out-accelerate the guy in the Porsche who's attempting
to cut him off; freeway on-ramps are exciting challenges to see who has The
Right Stuff on the morning commute.  Does he or doesn't he?  Only his body
shop knows for sure.  Insurance companies understand this behavior, and
price their policies accordingly.
	A woman will slow down to let a car merge in front of her, and get
rear-ended by another woman who was busy adding the finishing touches to
her makeup.


Mr. Rection, Mr. Hugh G. Rection, please pick up a white courtesy telephone!


Even though they raised the rate for first class mail in the United
States we really shouldn't complain -- it's still only two cents a
day.


Hear about...
	the drunken midget who walked into a home for girls and kissed
	everybody in the joint?


You are standing on my toes.


For those of you how have been looking for evidence that a working
version of "Star Wars" can be built, consider the following proof
offered by Caspar Weinberger:

	"If such a system is so unattainable, why have the Soviets been
	working desperately to get it for over 17 years?"

		-- USA Today, 24 June 1986


After Joan and Max had been married for 25 years, Max became disinterested
in sex, and his libido began to wan dramatically.  In desperation, Joan
hauled him to a marriage counselor, who listened patiently to Joan's complaints
and Max's protestations.  Max claimed that he was being nagged unmercifully
to fulfill Joan's needs, and that after awhile every marriage tended to
become less physical.  Joan said that that wasn't true and that she had
needs and desires that he, as her husband, was expected to fulfill.  Finally,
the counselor issued the verdict. "Max," he said, "Everybody has to give a
little for a marriage to work.  From now on, no matter how you feel at the
time, you must give Joan her conjugal rights at least semi-annually.  And,
remember, do it in a loving, considerate manner; after all, you and your
wife are a partnership of love."  Joan was delighted, and floated out of the
counselor's offices.  On the way downstairs, she nudged Max.
	"So, honey, tell me... how many times a week is semi-annually?"


Money doesn't talk, it swears.
		-- Bob Dylan


Think lucky. If you fall in a pond, check your pockets for fish.
		-- Darrell Royal


Money cannot buy love, nor even friendship.


The secret of happiness is total disregard of everybody.


3 syncs represent the trinity -- init, the child and the eternal zombie
process.  In doing 3, you're paying homage to each and I think such
traditions are important in this shallow, mercurial business we find
ourselves in.
		-- Jordan K. Hubbard


Mary had a little lamb,
She kept it in a bucket.
And every time she let it out,
The bulldog used to
Chase it around the garden.


He:	"If I made love to you, would you yell?"
She:	"What do you want me to yell?"
		-- Benny Hill


A Puritan is someone who is deathly afraid that someone, somewhere, is
having fun.


Shame is an improper emotion invented by
pietists to oppress the human race.
		-- Robert Preston, Toddy, "Victor/Victoria"


He is considered a most graceful speaker
who can say nothing in the most words.


The penis mightier than the sword.


I like myself, but I won't say I'm as handsome as the bull
that kidnaped Europa.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero


Nothing increases your golf score like witnesses.


BOO!  We changed Coke again!  BLEAH!  BLEAH!


The little girl expects no declaration of tenderness from her doll.
She loves it -- and that's all.  It is thus that we should love.
		-- DeGourmont


David Letterman's "Things we can be proud of as Americans":

	* Greatest number of citizens who have actually boarded a UFO
	* Many newspapers feature "JUMBLE"
	* Hourly motel rates
	* Vast majority of Elvis movies made here
	* Didn't just give up right away during World War II
		like some countries we could mention
	* Goatees & Van Dykes thought to be worn only by weenies
	* Our well-behaved golf professionals
	* Fabulous babes coast to coast


You roll my log, and I will roll yours.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca


panic: kernel trap (ignored)


Underlying Principle of Socio-Genetics:
	Superiority is recessive.


All I ask is a chance to prove that money can't make me happy.


I consider a new device or technology to have been
culturally accepted when it has been used to commit a murder.
		-- M. Gallaher


Who took the MMMMMM out of MURINE?


Hear about...
	the swinger who labeled his little black book "Future Shack"?


QOTD:
	"Talk about willing people... over half of them are willing to work
	and the others are more than willing to watch them."


Here is a test to find whether your mission on earth is finished:
if you're alive, it isn't.


Can't open /usr/games/fortunes.  Lid stuck on cookie jar.


The shortest distance between any two puns is a straight line.


I would like to suggest that you not use speed, and here's why:  it is
going to mess up your heart, mess up your liver, your kidneys, rot out
your mind.  In general this drug will make you just like your mother
and father.
		-- Frank Zappa


Two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.


Unix will self-destruct in five seconds... 4... 3... 2... 1...


A man marries to have a home, but also because he doesn't want to be
bothered with sex and all that sort of thing.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham, "The Circle"


The new priest was so nervous about performing his first mass that he could
hardly speak.  He asked his Monsignor how he could relax.  The Monsignor
replied that it might help relax him to add just a bit of vodka to the water
pitcher.  The next Sunday, after following the Monsignor's advice, the priest
returned to the rectory to find a note from that worthy.

	1. Next time sip rather than gulp.
	2. There are ten commandments, not 12.
	3. There are 12 disciples, not 10.
	4. We do not refer to the cross as the "Big T".
	5. The recommended grace before meals is not,
		"Rub-a-dub-dub, thanks for the grub, Yaaaay, God!"
	6. Do not refer to our Saviour, Jesus Christ, and his
		Apostles as "J.C. and the Boys".
	7. David slew Goliath, he did not kick the shit out of him.
	8. The Father, Son, and the Holy Ghost are never referred
		to as, "Big Daddy, Junior, and the Spook".
	9. It is always the Virgin Mary, never The Mary with the Cherry.
	10. Last, but not least, next Wednesday there will be a
		Taffy-Pulling Contest at St.Peter's, not a Peter-Pulling
		Contest at St. Taffy's.


Here is a test to find whether your mission on earth is finished:
if you're alive, it isn't.


Call on God, but row away from the rocks.
		-- Indian proverb


New York now leads the world's great cities in the number of people around
whom you shouldn't make a sudden move.
		-- David Letterman


I just asked myself... what would John DeLorean do?
		-- Raoul Duke


Enzymes are things invented by biologists
that explain things which otherwise require harder thinking.
		-- Jerome Lettvin


Nobody can be as agreeable as an uninvited guest.


Here's to the girl in little red shoes,
She drinks my liquor, she drinks my booze,
She has no cherry, but that's no sin,
She has the box the cherry came in.


Persistence in one opinion has never been considered
a merit in political leaders.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero, "Ad familiares", 1st century BC


It was the Law of the Sea, they said.  Civilization ends at the waterline.
Beyond that, we all enter the food chain, and not always right at the top.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


In practice, failures in system development, like unemployment in Russia,
happens a lot despite official propaganda to the contrary.
		-- Paul Licker


At the end of your life there'll be a good rest,
and no further activities are scheduled.


Politics are almost as exciting as war, and quite as
dangerous.  In war, you can only be killed once.
		-- Winston Churchill


Suburbia is where the developer bulldozes out the trees, then names
the streets after them.
		-- Bill Vaughn


We are stronger than our skin of flesh and metal, for we carry and
share a spectrum of suns and lands that lends us legends as we craft
our immortality and interweave our destinies of water and air,
leaving shadows that gather color of their own, until they outshine
the substance that cast them.


There are no answers, only cross-references.
		-- Weiner


To spot the expert, pick the one who predicts
the job will take the longest and cost the most.


Big book, big bore.
		-- Callimachus


Two nuns, a mother superior and a new nun, are walking home one night from
church when they are attacked by two vicious rapists.  The two men drag the
nuns off into the bushes and proceed to have their way with them.  The mother
superior is very afraid, but she knows that God will protect her.  To show her
strength and trust in God she yells out "Forgive him Father, for he knows not
what he does!"
	To which the young nun replies "Oooooh, mine does!!"


QOTD:
	"I looked out my window, and saw Kyle Pettys' car upside down,
	then I thought `One of us is in real trouble.'"
		-- Davey Allison, on a 150 m.p.h. crash


A young girl once committed suicide because her mother refused her a new
bonnet.  Coroner's verdict: "Death from excessive spunk."
		-- Sacramento Daily Union, September 13, 1860


Credit ... is the only enduring testimonial to man's confidence in man.
		-- James Blish


QUOTE OF THE DAY:

	`



I saw what you did and I know who you are.


The most dangerous organization in America today is:

	a) The KKK
	b) The American Nazi Party
	c) The Delta Frequent Flyer Club


This thing all things devours:
Birds, beasts, trees, flowers;
Gnaws iron, bites steel;
Grinds hard stones to meal;
Slays king, ruins town,
And beats high mountain down.


It is impossible to travel faster than light, and
certainly not desirable, as one's hat keeps blowing off.
		-- Woody Allen


I predict that today will be remembered until tomorrow!


There are very few personal problems that cannot be
solved through a suitable application of high explosives.


Living in Hollywood is like living in a bowl of granola.
What ain't fruits and nuts is flakes.


You will soon meet a person who will play an important role in your life.


I love mankind ... It's people I hate.
		-- Schulz


Great American Axiom:
	Some is good, more is better, too much is just right.


Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men.
		-- Kin Hubbard


The Anglo-Saxon conscience does not prevent the Anglo-Saxon from
sinning, it merely prevents him from enjoying his sin.
		-- Salvador De Madariaga


The beer-cooled computer does not harm the ozone layer.
		-- John M. Ford, a.k.a. Dr. Mike

	[If I can read my notes from the Ask Dr. Mike session at Baycon, I
	 believe he added that the beer-cooled computer uses "Forget Only
	 Memory".  Ed.]


The real reason psychology is hard is that
psychologists are trying to do the impossible.


Most people are unable to write because they are unable to think, and
they are unable to think because they congenitally lack the equipment
to do so, just as they congenitally lack the equipment to fly over the
moon.
		-- H. L. Mencken


No television performance takes as much preparation as an off-the-cuff talk.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


GREAT MOMENTS IN AMERICAN HISTORY (#21):  July 30, 1917

On this day, New York City hotel detectives burst in and caught then
Senator Warren G. Harding in bed with an underage girl.  He bought
them off with a $20 bribe, and later remarked thankfully, "I thought
I wouldn't get out of that under $1000!"  Always one to learn from
his mistakes, in later years President Harding carried on his affairs
in a tiny closet in the White House Cabinet Room while Secret Service
men stood lookout.


Showing up is 80% of life.
		-- Woody Allen


You never learned anything by doing it right.


Thrashing is just virtual crashing.


Do what you can to prolong your life,
in the hope that someday you'll learn what it's for.


Comedy, like Medicine, was never meant to be practiced by the general public.


A rolling disk gathers no MOS.


Avoid gunfire in the bathroom tonight.


Mustgo, n.:
	Any item of food that has been sitting in the refrigerator so
	long it has become a science project.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


GARTER:
	An elastic band intended to keep a woman
	from coming out of her stockings and desolating the country.


LIFE:
	Learning about people the hard way -- by being one.


I used to live in a house by the freeway.  When I went anywhere, I had
to be going 65 MPH by the end of my driveway.

I replaced the headlights in my car with strobe lights.  Now it looks
like I'm the only one moving.

I was pulled over for speeding today.  The officer said, "Don't you know
the speed limit is 55 miles an hour?"  And I said, "Yes, but I wasn't going
to be out that long."

I put a new engine in my car, but didn't take the old one out.  Now
my car goes 500 miles an hour.
		-- Steven Wright


I either want less decadence or more chance to participate in it.


There is no such thing as inner peace.  There is only nervousness or death.
Any attempt to prove otherwise constitutes unacceptable behaviour.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"


If men couldn't fuck there'd be a bounty on their heads.


Democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half
of the people are right more than half of the time.
		-- E. B. White


Meteorologist, n.:
	A man who can look in a woman's eyes and predict whether.


The Ruffed Pandanga of Borneo and Rotherham spreads out his feathers in
his courtship dance and imitates Winston Churchill and Tommy Cooper on
one leg.  The padanga is dying out because the female padanga doesn't
take it too seriously.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


A hypothetical paradox:
	What would happen in a battle between an Enterprise security team,
who always get killed soon after appearing, and a squad of Imperial
Stormtroopers, who can't hit the broad side of a planet?
		-- Tom Galloway


Computers are useless.  They can only give you answers.
		-- Pablo Picasso


You will always get the greatest recognition for the job you least like.


Love is the answer; but while you are waiting for the answer, sex
raises some pretty good questions.
		-- Woody Allen


He heard the snick of a rifle bolt and found himself peering down the muzzle
of a weapon held by a drunken liquor store owner -- "There's a conflict," he
said, "there's a conflict between land and people... the people have to go..."
		-- Stan Ridgeway, "Call of the West"


Be careful!  UGLY strikes 9 out of 10!


No one has a higher opinion of him than he has.
		-- Greg Lehey, FreeBSDcon 1999


Once upon a girl there was a time...


HIGH TECHNOLOGY:
	A California innovation composed
	of equal parts of silicon and marijuana.


... and furthermore ... I don't like your trousers.


Don't look now -- your office mate is a pederast!!!


This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and
intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to which they
are addressed. If you are not the intended recipient of this
transmission, please delete it immediately.

Obviously, I am the idiot who sent it to you by mistake. Furthermore,
there is no way I can force you to delete it. Worse, by the time you
have reached this disclaimer you have already read the document.
Telling you to forget it would seem absurd. In any event, I have no
legal right to force you to take any action upon this email anyway.

This entire disclaimer is just a waste of everyone's time and
bandwidth. Therefore, let us just forget the whole thing and enjoy a
cold beer instead.
 		-- found on the dovecot mailinglist


If you give Congress a chance to vote on
both sides of an issue, it will always do it.
		-- Les Aspin, D, Wisconsin


