Finster's Law:
A closed mouth gathers no feet.


QOTD:
	"I say, and without apology, hang the bitch."


	Once upon a time there were three brothers who were knights
in a certain kingdom.  And, there was a Princess in a neighboring kingdom
who was of marriageable age.  Well, one day, in full armour, their horses,
and their page, the three brothers set off to see if one of them could
win her hand.  The road was long and there were many obstacles along the
way, robbers to be overcome, hard terrain to cross.  As they coped with
each obstacle they became more and more disgusted with their page.  He was
not only inept, he was a coward, he could not handle the horses, he was,
in short, a complete flop.  When they arrived at the court of the kingdom,
they found that they were expected to present the Princess with some
treasure.  The two older brothers were discouraged, since they had not
thought of this and were unprepared.  The youngest, however, had the
answer:  Promise her anything, but give her our page.


	A program should be light and agile, its subroutines connected like a
strings of pearls.  The spirit and intent of the program should be retained
throughout.  There should be neither too little nor too much, neither needless
loops nor useless variables, neither lack of structure nor overwhelming
rigidity.
	A program should follow the "Law of Least Astonishment."  What is this
law?  It is simply that the program should always respond to the user in the
way that astonishes him least.
	A program, no matter how complex, should act as a single unit.  The
program should be directed by the logic within rather than by outward
appearances.
	If the program fails in these requirements, it will be in a state of
disorder and confusion.  The only way to correct this is to rewrite the
program.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Adolescence, n.:
	The stage between puberty and adultery.


An American is a man with two arms and four wheels.
		-- A Chinese child


Sendmail may be safely run set-user-id to root.
		-- Eric Allman, "Sendmail Installation Guide"


No man is useless who has a friend,
and if we are loved we are indispensable.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson


A man fell off a mountain and, as he fell, saw a branch and grabbed for it.
By superhuman effort he was able to get a precarious grip on it.  As he
was hanging there for dear life, he looked up and cried out,
	"Is anybody there?"
A deep majestic voice answered,
	"Yes my son, I am here.  What do you need?"
	"Help me!!" cried the man.
	"I will help you", said the voice, "Just let go of the branch and
you'll be safe.  All you have to do is trust."
The man thought for a moment and cried out:
	"Anybody ELSE up there?"


I've already told you more than I know.


But has any little atom,
	While a-sittin' and a-splittin',
Ever stopped to think or CARE
	That E = m c**2 ?


To be is to be related.
		-- C. J. Keyser


Sun in the night, everyone is together,
Ascending into the heavens, life is forever.
		-- Brand X, "Moroccan Roll/Sun in the Night"


Marriage, n.:
	The evil aye.


There's nothing to writing.  All you do is sit at a typewriter
and open a vein.
		-- Red Smith


My girlfriend's favorite erotic position is bending over my credit cards.


You can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard.


Hear about...
	the farmer who couldn't keep his hands off his wife, so he
	fired them?


Militant agnostic: I don't know, and you don't either.


A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on.
		-- Samuel Goldwyn


Brain on vacation, penis on autopilot.


A is for awk, which runs like a snail, and
B is for biff, which reads all your mail.
C is for cc, as hackers recall, while
D is for dd, the command that does all.
E is for emacs, which rebinds your keys, and
F is for fsck, which rebuilds your trees.
G is for grep, a clever detective, while
H is for halt, which may seem defective.
I is for indent, which rarely amuses, and
J is for join, which nobody uses.
K is for kill, which makes you the boss, while
L is for lex, which is missing from DOS.
M is for more, from which less was begot, and
N is for nice, which it really is not.
O is for od, which prints out things nice, while
P is for passwd, which reads in strings twice.
Q is for quota, a Berkeley-type fable, and
R is for ranlib, for sorting ar table.
S is for spell, which attempts to belittle, while
T is for true, which does very little.
U is for uniq, which is used after sort, and
V is for vi, which is hard to abort.
W is for whoami, which tells you your name, while
X is, well, X, of dubious fame.
Y is for yes, which makes an impression, and
Z is for zcat, which handles compression.
		-- THE ABC'S OF UNIX


All's well that ends.


The seven eyes of Ningauble the Wizard floated back to his hood as he
reported to Fafhrd: "I have seen much, yet cannot explain all.  The Gray
Mouser is exactly twenty-five feet below the deepest cellar in the palace
of Gilpkerio Kistomerces.  Even though twenty-four parts in twenty-five of
him are dead, he is alive.
	Now about Lankhmar.  She's been invaded, her walls breached
everywhere and desperate fighting is going on in the streets, by a fierce
host which out-numbers Lankhamar's inhabitants by fifty to one -- and
equipped with all modern weapons.  Yet you can save the city."
	"How?" demanded Fafhrd.
	Ningauble shrugged.  "You're a hero.  You should know."
		-- Fritz Leiber, "The Swords of Lankhmar"


Q:	Why do Scotsmen wear kilts?
A:	Because a sheep can hear the sound of a zipper from fifty feet away.
		-- Iain MacKintosh, Glasgow folksinger


The eagle may soar, but the weasel never gets sucked into a jet engine.


QOTD:
	"If he learns from his mistakes, pretty soon he'll know everything."


Trouble always comes at the wrong time.


Don't buy a landslide.  I don't want to have to pay for one more vote
than I have to.
		-- Joseph P. Kennedy, on JFK's election strategy


The NY Times is read by the people who run the country.  The Washington Post
is read by the people who think they run the country.  The National Enquirer
is read by the people who think Elvis is alive and running the country.
		-- Robert Woodhead


Calling you stupid is an insult to stupid people!
		-- Wanda, "A Fish Called Wanda"


Very few people do anything creative after the age of thirty-five.  The
reason is that very few people do anything creative before the age of
thirty-five.
		-- Joel Hildebrand


Question:
Man Invented Alcohol,
God Invented Grass.
Who do you trust?


Grief can take care of itself; but to get the full
value of a joy you must have somebody to divide it with.
		-- Mark Twain


Success is something I will dress for when I get there, and not until.


Finagle's Creed:
	Science is true.  Don't be misled by facts.


Under every stone lurks a politician.
		-- Aristophanes


All newspaper editorial writers ever do is come down from
the hills after the battle is over and shoot the wounded.


Mathematicians often resort to something called Hilbert space, which is
described as being n-dimensional.  Like modern sex, any number can
play.
		-- Dr. Thor Wald, in "Beep/The Quincunx of Time", by
		   James Blish


It's the good girls who keep the diaries, the bad girls never have the time.
		-- Tallulah Bankhead


Round Numbers are always false.
		-- Samuel Johnson


Weiler's Law:
	Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it
	himself.


Winning isn't everything.  It's the only thing.
		-- Vince Lombardi


You are without a doubt a rogue, a rascal, a villain, a thief, a scoundrel,
and a mean, dirty, stinking, sniveling, sneaking, pimping, pocketpicking,
thrice double-damned, no-good son-of-a-bitch.


A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
		-- Cervantes


Mencken and Nathan's Sixteenth Law of The Average American:
	Milking a cow is an operation demanding a special talent that
	is possessed only by yokels, and no person born in a large city
	can never hope to acquire it.


Health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.


Ya know, Quaker Oats make you feel good twice!


Everything that you know is wrong, but you can be straightened out.


When I hear a man applauded by the mob I always feel a pang of pity
for him.  All he has to do to be hissed is to live long enough.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Minority Report"


That does not compute.


Your only obligation in any lifetime is to be true to yourself.  Being
true to anyone else or anything else is not only impossible, but the
mark of a fake messiah.  The simplest questions are the most profound.
Where were you born?  Where is your home?  Where are you going?  What
are you doing?  Think about these once in awhile and watch your answers
change.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle if it is
lightly greased.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"


If Ricky Schroder and Gary Coleman had a fight on television with
pool cues, who would win?
	1) Ricky Schroder
	2) Gary Coleman
	3) The television viewing public
		-- David Letterman


He who wonders discovers that this in itself is wonder.
		-- M. C. Escher


Any girl who believes that the way to a man's heart is through
his stomach is obviously setting her standards too high.


Tiddely Quiddely
Edward M. Kennedy
Quite unaccountably
Drove in a stream.

Pleas of amnesia
Incomprehensible
Possibly shattered
Political dream.


Harvard Law:
	Under the most rigorously controlled conditions of pressure,
	temperature, volume, humidity, and other variables, the
	organism will do as it damn well pleases.


In Corning, Iowa, it's a misdemeanor for a man to ask his wife to ride
in any motor vehicle.


When the Ngdanga tribe of West Africa hold their moon love ceremonies,
the men of the tribe bang their heads on sacred trees until they get a
nose bleed, which usually cures them of _t_h_a_t.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Seattle is so wet that people protect their property with watch-ducks.


The man who understands one woman is
qualified to understand pretty well everything.
		-- Yeats


You will get what you deserve.


The groundhog is like most other prophets;
it delivers its message and then disappears.


If you don't like the way I drive, stay off the sidewalk!


	On this morning in August when I was 13, my mother sent us out pick
tomatoes.  Back in April I'd have killed for a fresh tomato, but in August
they are no more rare or wonderful than rocks.  So I picked up one and threw
it at a crab apple tree, where it made a good *splat*, and then threw a tomato
at my brother.  He whipped one back at me.  We ducked down by the vines,
heaving tomatoes at each other.  My sister, who was a good person, said,
"You're going to get it."  She bent over and kept on picking.
	What a target!  She was 17, a girl with big hips, and bending over,
she looked like the side of a barn.
	I picked up a tomato so big it sat on the ground.  It looked like it
had sat there a week.  The underside was brown, small white worms lived in it,
and it was very juicy.  I stood up and took aim, and went into the windup,
when my mother at the kitchen window called my name in a sharp voice.  I had
to decide quickly.  I decided.
	A rotten Big Boy hitting the target is a memorable sound, like a fat
man doing a belly-flop.  With a whoop and a yell the tomatoee came after me
faster than I knew she could run, and grabbed my shirt and was about to brain
me when Mother called her name in a sharp voice.  And my sister, who was a
good person, obeyed and let go -- and burst into tears.  I guess she knew that
the pleasure of obedience is pretty thin compared with the pleasure of hearing
a rotten tomato hit someone in the rear end.
		-- Garrison Keillor, "Lake Wobegon Days"


QOTD:
	"He's on the same bus, but he's sure as hell got a different
	ticket."


Do not do unto others as you would they should do unto you.
Their tastes may not be the same.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Kerr's Three Rules for a Successful College:
	Have plenty of football for the alumni, sex
	for the students, and parking for the faculty.


You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.


Fat Liberation: because a waist is a terrible thing to mind.


Always try to do things in chronological order; it's less confusing
that way.


Who will take care of the world after you're gone?


Kleptomaniac, n.:
	A rich thief.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


I read the newspaper avidly.  It is my one form of continuous fiction.
		-- Aneurin Bevan


I never met a man I didn't want to fight.
		-- Lyle Alzado, professional football lineman


Drinking is not a spectator sport.
		-- Jim Brosnan


There are two kinds of solar-heat systems: "passive" systems collect
the sunlight that hits your home, and "active" systems collect the
sunlight that hits your neighbors' homes, too.
		-- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"


A jury consists of twelve persons chosen to decide who has the better lawyer.
		-- Robert Frost


Acquaintance, n.:
	A person whom we know well enough to borrow from but not well
	enough to lend to.  A degree of friendship called slight when the
	object is poor or obscure, and intimate when he is rich or famous.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Psychotherapy is the theory that the patient will probably get well
anyhow and is certainly a damn fool.
		-- H. L. Mencken


What color is a chameleon on a mirror?


Stock's Observation:
	You no sooner get your head above water
	but what someone pulls your flippers off.


Questionable day.
Ask somebody something.


Being a miner, as soon as you're too old and tired and sick and
stupid to do your job properly, you have to go, where the very
opposite applies with the judges.
		-- Beyond the Fringe


I do desire we may be better strangers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"


Clay's Conclusion:
	Creativity is great, but plagiarism is faster.


Warning: Listening to WXRT on April Fools' Day is not recommended for
those who are slightly disoriented the first few hours after waking
up.
		-- Chicago Reader 4/22/83


You love peace.


You first parent of the human race... who ruined yourself for an apple,
what might you have done for a truffled turkey?
		-- Brillat-Savarin, "Physiologie du go^ut"


Today is the first day of the rest of your life.


Kansas state law requires pedestrians crossing the highways at night to
wear tail lights.


... difference of opinion is advantageous in religion.  The several sects
perform the office of a common censor morum over each other.  Is uniformity
attainable?  Millions of innocent men, women, and children, since the
introduction of Christianity, have been burnt, tortured, fined, imprisoned;
yet we have not advanced one inch towards uniformity.
		-- Thomas Jefferson, "Notes on Virginia"


An engineer is someone who does list processing in FORTRAN.


GENIUS:
	Person clever enough to be born in the right place at the right
	time of the right sex and to follow up this advantage by saying
	all the right things to all the right people.


Skill without imagination is craftsmanship and gives us many useful
objects such as wickerwork picnic baskets.  Imagination without skill
gives us modern art.
		-- Tom Stoppard


Q:	What do you call the scratches that you get when a female
	sheep bites you?
A:	Ewe nicks.


Dear Abby:
	I just met the most terrific girl and we get along fabulously.  I
think she's the one for me.  There's just one problem: I can't remember
from our first date if she told me she had TB or VD.  What should I do?
			-- Confused

Dear Confused:
	If she coughs, fuck her.


Success is like a fart -- only your own smells nice.
		-- James P. Hogan


I have already given two cousins to the war and I stand ready to
sacrifice my wife's brother.
		-- Artemus Ward


If you can't say anything good about someone, sit right here by me.
		-- Alice Roosevelt Longworth


Mathematicians practice absolute freedom.
		-- Henry Adams


Treaties are like roses and young girls -- they last while they last.
		-- Charles DeGaulle


Real computer scientists like having a computer on their desk, else how
could they read their mail?


The trouble with this country is that there are too many politicians
who believe, with a conviction based on experience, that you can fool
all of the people all of the time.
		-- Franklin Adams


Drinking coffee for instant relaxation?  That's like drinking alcohol for
instant motor skills.
		-- Marc Price


Once Again From the Top

Correction notice in the Miami Herald: "Last Sunday, The Herald erroneously
reported that original Dolphin Johnny Holmes had been an insurance salesman
in Raleigh, North Carolina, that he had won the New York lottery in 1982 and
lost the money in a land swindle, that he had been charged with vehicular
homicide, but acquitted because his mother said she drove the car, and that
he stated that the funniest thing he ever saw was Flipper spouting water on
George Wilson.  Each of these items was erroneous material published
inadvertently.  He was not an insurance salesman in Raleigh, did not win the
lottery, neither he nor his mother was charged or involved in any way with
vehicular homicide, and he made no comment about Flipper or George Wilson.
The Herald regrets the errors."
		-- "The Progressive", March, 1987


CF&C stole it, fair and square.
		-- Tim Hahn


And this is good old Boston,
The home of the bean and the cod,
Where the Lowells talk only to Cabots,
And the Cabots talk only to God.


Go climb a gravity well.


Hideously disfigured by an ancient Indian curse?

		WE CAN HELP!

Call (511) 338-0959 for an immediate appointment.


I refuse to consign the whole male sex to the nursery.  I insist on
believing that some men are my equals.
		-- Brigid Brophy


The problem with people who have no vices is that generally you can
be pretty sure they're going to have some pretty annoying virtues.
		-- Elizabeth Taylor


A rich man told me recently that a liberal is a man who tells other
people what to do with their money.
		-- Imamu Amiri Baraka (Leroi Jones)


'Tis more blessed to give than receive; for example, wedding presents.
		-- H. L. Mencken


In an age when the fashion is to be in love with yourself, confessing to
be in love with somebody else is an admission of unfaithfulness to one's
beloved.
		-- Russell Baker


Diplomacy is to do and say, the nastiest thing in the nicest way.
		-- Balfour


Freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose.
		-- Kris Kristofferson, "Me and Bobby McGee"


You have a massage (from the Swedish prime minister).


SEX-CHANGE NUN BECOMES TV WRESTLER!!!
	details at 11!


If a shameless woman expects to be defiled and then dies of her fierce
love because you do not consent, will chastity also be homicide?
		-- Saint Augustine


What pains others pleasures me,
At home am I in Lisp or C;
There i couch in ecstasy,
'Til debugger's poke i flee,
Into kernel memory.
In system space, system space, there shall i fare--
Inside of a VAX on a silicon square.


The only way you'll ever hear from
me is if you're living in the same hell.
		-- Roy Harper


I have often looked at women and committed adultery in my heart.
		-- Jimmy Carter


	Friends were surprised, indeed, when Frank and Jennifer broke their
engagement, but Frank had a ready explanation: "Would you marry someone who
was habitually unfaithful, who lied at every turn, who was selfish and lazy
and sarcastic?"
	"Of course not," said a sympathetic friend.
	"Well," retorted Frank, "neither would Jennifer."


One Saturday afternoon, during the campaign to decide whether or not
there should be a Coastal Commission, I took a helicopter ride from Los
Angeles to San Diego.  We passed several state beaches, some crowded
and some virtually empty.  They had the same facilities, and in some
cases the crowded and the empty beach were within a quarter mile of
each other.  Obviously many beach-goers prefer to be crowded together.
Buying more beaches that people won't go to because they prefer to be
crowded together on one beach is a ridiculous waste of our natural
resources and our taxes.
		-- Ronald Reagan


You've got to pity New Mexico... so far from heaven and so close to Texas.


You might like to know that I looked at a detailed map of NT, and I'm
now able to confirm that in all probability Microsoft NT does not
exist.  If it does, it's so small as to be completely insignificant.
		-- Greg Lehey


I try to keep an open mind, but not so open that my brains fall out.
		-- Judge Harold T. Stone


Owe no man any thing...
		-- Romans 13:8


But I always fired into the nearest hill or, failing that, into blackness.
I meant no harm;  I just liked the explosions.  And I was careful never to
kill more than I could eat.
		-- Raoul Duke


Ideas don't stay in some minds very long because they don't like
solitary confinement.


	Rosenberg wanted to leave the country.  "And what is *your*
reason?" asks the official at the Passport Office.
	"I am told a pogrom is being prepared.  Against the Jews and
the barbers," replies Rosenberg.
	"Why the barbers?"
	"Everybody asks that question.  That's why I want to leave."


Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set:

DC	Divide and Conquer
DMPK	Destroy Memory Protect Key
DO	Divide and Overflow
EMPC	Emulate Pocket Calculator
EPI	Execute Programmer Immediately
EROS	Erase Read Only Storage
EXCE	Execute Customer Engineer
HCF	Halt and Catch Fire
IBP	Insert Bug and Proceed
INSQSW	Insert into queue somewhere (for FINO queues [First in never out])
PBC	Print and Break Chain
PDSK	Punch Disk


Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
		-- John Lennon, "Beautiful Boy"


