Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.


	"So you don't have to, Cindy, but I was wondering if you might
want to go to someplace, you know, with me, sometime."
	"Well, I can think of a lot of worse things, David."
	"Friday, then?"
	"Why not, David, it might even be fun."
		-- Dating in Minnesota


In any world menu, Canada must be considered the vichyssoise of nations --
it's cold, half-French, and difficult to stir.
		-- Stuart Keate


No sooner said than done -- so acts your man of worth.
		-- Quintus Ennius


It is easier to run down a hill than up one.


QOTD:
	"To hell with patience, I'm gonna kill me something!"


And what accomplished villains these old engineers were!  What diabolical
ways to sabotage they found!  Nikolai Karlovich von Meck, of the People's
Commissariat of Railroads ... would hold forth for hours on end about the
economic problems involved in the construction of socialism, and he loved to
give advice.  One such pernicious piece of advice was to increase the size
of freight trains and not worry about heavier than average loads.  The GPU
exposed van Meck, and he was shot: his objective had been to wear out rails
and roadbeds, freight cars and locomotives, so as to leave the Republic
without railroads in case of foreign military intervention!  When, not long
afterward, the new People's Commissar of Railroads ordered that average
loads should be increased, and even doubled and tripled them, the malicious
engineers who protested became known as limiters ... they were rightly
shot for their lack of faith in the possibilities of socialist transport.
		-- Aleksandr I. Solzhenitsyn, "The Gulag Archipelago"


Remember kids, if there's a loaded gun in the room, be sure
that you're the one holding it.
		-- Mr. Greenfatigues


The only real argument for marriage is that it remains the best method
for getting acquainted.
		-- Heywood Broun


Basically my wife was immature.  I'd be at home in the bath and she'd
come in and sink my boats.
		-- Woody Allen


An Aggie farmer was lifting his hogs, one by one, up to the branches of
his apple trees to graze on the apples.  A Texas student walked by and
asked him, "Doesn't that take a lot of time?"
	Replied the Aggie, "What's time to a hog?"


You need only reflect that one of the best ways to get yourself a
reputation as a dangerous citizen these days is to go about repeating
the very phrases which our founding fathers used in the struggle for
independence.
		-- Charles A. Beard


Eat one live toad the first thing in the morning and nothing worse
will happen to you the rest of the day.

[Well, actually, to either of you...  Ed.]


I'm not laughing behind your back; everything funny is in front!
		-- Rodney Dangerfield's wife


You will be audited by the Internal Revenue Service.


A clash of doctrine is not a disaster - it is an opportunity.


Extreme fear can neither fight nor fly.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Rape of Lucrece"


Is a computer language with goto's totally Wirth-less?


You feel a whole lot more like you do
now than you did when you used to.


Goodbye, cool world.


Please stand for the National Anthem:

	Australian's all, let us rejoice,
	For we are young and free.
	We've golden soil and wealth for toil
	Our home is girt by sea.
	Our land abounds in nature's gifts
	Of beauty rich and rare.
	In history's page, let every stage
	Advance Australia Fair.
	In joyful strains then let us sing,
	Advance Australia Fair.

Thank you.  You may resume your seat.


The worst sin towards our fellow creatures is not to hate them,
but to be indifferent to them; that's the essence of inhumanity.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Though a program be but three lines long, someday it will have to
be maintained.
		-- The Tao of Programming


SERENDIPITY:
	The process by which human knowledge is advanced.


Execute every act of thy life as though it were thy last.
		-- Marcus Aurelius


Nurse Donna:	Oh, Groucho, I'm afraid I'm gonna wind up an old maid.
Groucho:	Well, bring her in and we'll wind her up together.
Nurse Donna:	Do you believe in computer dating?
Groucho:	Only if the computers really love each other.


I've been watching you closely to see if you have been good this year;
and since you have, I will be telling my elves to make some goodies for me
to leave under your tree on Christmas.  I was going to bring you all the
gifts from the twelve days of Christmas, but we had a little problem up here.
The twelve fiddlers fiddling have all come down with V.D. from fiddling with
the ten ladies dancing, the eleven lords-a-leaping have knocked up the eight
maids-a-milking, and the nine pipers piping have been arrested for doing
weird things to the seven swans-a-swimming and the six geese-a-laying.  The
four calling birds, three French hens, two turtle doves, and the partridge
in the pear tree have me up to my ass in birdshit.  On top of all this, Mrs.
Claus is going through menopause, eight of my reindeer are in heat, the elves
have joined gay liberation, and those dumb ass Polacks have scheduled
Christmas for the fifth of February.  I'll do what I can.
		Sincerely,
		Santa


God is Dead.
		-- Nietzsche
Nietzsche is Dead.
		-- God
Nietzsche is God.
		-- The Dead


Not every question deserves an answer.


Welcome to Fortune Blackmail!!
	This is the first of a series of revelations which could
	add up to a divorce, premature retirement and possible
	criminal proceedings for a company vice-president in Langley Virginia.
	So, Mr. S*****, $10,000 please to stop us from revealing:
		1: Whose shoulders you were sitting on.
		2: What you were doing.
		3: The names of the three people involved.
		4: The youth organization to which they belonged.
		5: The shop where you bought the equipment.


All wars are civil wars, because all men are brothers ... Each one owes
infinitely more to the human race than to the particular country in
which he was born.
		-- Francois Fenelon


The reason Roman Catholics are allowed to use the
rhythm method of birth control is that it doesn't work.


Everything that can be invented has been invented.
		-- Charles Duell, Director of U.S. Patent Office, 1899


It is not the critic who counts, or how the strong man stumbled, or whether
the doer of deeds could have done them better.  The credit belongs to the
man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and
blood, who strives valiantly, who errs and comes short again and again; who
knows the great enthusiasm, the great devotion, and who spends himself in a
worthy cause, and if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that
he'll never be with those cold and timid souls who never know either victory
or defeat.
		-- Teddy Roosevelt


Fortune presents:
	USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #3.

Kie estas la plej proksima masa^gejo?	Where's the nearest massage parlor?
Vi dolorigas min.			You're hurting me.
Mi deziras viziti usonan kuraciston.	I want to see an American doctor.
Mi deziras a^ceti kontraugraveda^jojn.	I would like to buy some
						contraceptives.
^Cu tiu estis ankau bona por ci?	Was it good for you too?


What do hookers do on their nights off, type?
		-- Elayn Boosler


A sect or party is an elegant incognito devised to save a man from
the vexation of thinking.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Journals" (1831)


The cable TV sex channels don't expand our horizons, don't make us better
people, and don't come in clearly enough.
		-- Bill Maher


Intolerance is the last defense of the insecure.


The seven year itch comes from fooling around during the fourth, fifth,
and sixth years.


We all agree on the necessity of compromise.  We just can't agree on
when it's necessary to compromise.
		-- Larry Wall


In a display of perverse brilliance, Carl the repairman mistakes a room
humidifier for a mid-range computer but manages to tie it into the network
anyway.
		-- The 5th Wave


Connector Conspiracy, n.:
	[probably came into prominence with the appearance of the
KL-10, none of whose connectors match anything else] The tendency of
manufacturers (or, by extension, programmers or purveyors of anything)
to come up with new products which don't fit together with the old
stuff, thereby making you buy either all new stuff or expensive
interface devices.


Weinberg's Principle:
	An expert is a person who avoids the small errors while sweeping
	on to the grand fallacy.


There's one fool at least in every married couple.


In marriage, as in war, it is permitted
to take every advantage of the enemy.


Time as he grows old teaches all things.
		-- Aeschylus


Pardon me while I laugh.


Wanna buy a duck?


Disclaimer: "These opinions are my own, though for a small fee they be
yours too."
		-- Dave Haynie


If you suspect a man, don't employ him.


If you throw a New Year's Party, the worst thing that you can do would be
to throw the kind of party where your guests wake up today, and call you to
say they had a nice time.  Now you'll be expected to throw another party
next year.
	What you should do is throw the kind of party where your guest wake
	up several days from now and call their lawyers to find out if
they've been indicted for anything.  You want your guests to be so anxious
to avoid a recurrence of your party that they immediately start planning
parties of their own, a year in advance, just to prevent you from having
another one ...
	If your party is successful, the police will knock on your door,
unless your party is very successful in which case they will lob tear gas
through your living room window.  As host, your job is to make sure that
they don't arrest anybody.  Or if they're dead set on arresting someone,
your job is to make sure it isn't you ...
		-- Dave Barry


After years of research, scientists recently reported that there is,
indeed, arroz in Spanish Harlem.


Remember kids, if there's a loaded gun in the room, be sure
that you're the one holding it.
		-- Mr. Greenfatigues


Even God lends a hand to honest boldness.
		-- Menander


Real computer scientists admire ADA for its overwhelming aesthetic
value but they find it difficult to actually program in it, as it is
much too large to implement.  Most computer scientists don't notice
this because they are still arguing over what else to add to ADA.


No man is an island if he's on at least one mailing list.


On a tous un peu peur de l'amour, mais on
a surtout peur de souffrir ou de faire souffrir.

[One is always a little afraid of love, but
above all, one is afraid of pain or causing pain.]


To see the butcher slap the steak, before he laid it on the block,
and give his knife a sharpening, was to forget breakfast instantly.  It was
agreeable, too -it really was- to see him cut it off, so smooth and juicy.
There was nothing savage in the act, although the knife was large and keen;
it was a piece of art, high art; there was delicacy of touch, clearness of
tone, skillful handling of the subject, fine shading.  It was the triumph of
mind over matter; quite.
		-- Charles Dickens, "Martin Chuzzlewit"


Q:	What's the difference between George Washington, Richard Nixon
	and Ronald Reagan?
A:	One always told the truth, one always lied, and one can't tell the
	difference.


Fly me away to the bright side of the moon ...


	"What do you do when your real life exceeds your wildest
fantasies?"
	"You keep it to yourself."
		-- Broadcast News


Some men are alive simply because it is against the law to kill them.
		-- Edgar W. Howe


"The subspace _W inherits the other 8 properties of _V. And there aren't
even any property taxes."
		-- J. MacKay, Mathematics 134b


You will lose an important disk file.


Afternoon very favorable for romance.  Try a single person for a change.


Massachusetts has the best politicians money can buy.


When it comes to helping you, some people stop at nothing.


There's a whole WORLD in a mud puddle!
		-- Doug Clifford


The older I grow, the more I distrust the
familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom.
		-- H. L. Mencken


It's a naive, domestic operating system without any
breeding, but I think you'll be amused by its presumption.


Halt!!  Who goes there, friend or enema?


Every man is apt to form his notions of things difficult to be apprehended,
or less familiar, from their analogy to things which are more familiar.
Thus, if a man bred to the seafaring life, and accustomed to think and talk
only of matters relating to navigation, enters into discourse upon any other
subject; it is well known, that the language and the notions proper to his
own profession are infused into every subject, and all things are measured
by the rules of navigation: and if he should take it into his head to
philosophize concerning the faculties of the mind, it cannot be doubted,
but he would draw his notions from the fabric of the ship, and would find
in the mind, sails, masts, rudder, and compass.
		-- Thomas Reid, "An Inquiry into the Human Mind", 1764


To hell with the Prime Directive;
Let's _K_I_L_L something!


The problems with "Medflies" may have hurt Jerry Brown's chances to become a
Senator.  After all, if they won't allow California fruit out of the state,
how is Brown going to get to Washington?


A computer without COBOL and Fortran is like a piece of chocolate
cake without ketchup and mustard.


Leibowitz's Rule:
	When hammering a nail, you will never hit your
	finger if you hold the hammer with both hands.


It just doesn't seem right to go over the river and through the woods
to Grandmother's condo.


The only psychologically damaging thing about masturbation is
that there's nobody else to blame later for persuading you to do it.


QOTD:
	"I drive my car quietly, for it goes without saying."


Since everything in life is but an experience perfect in being what it is,
having nothing to do with good or bad, acceptance or rejection, one may well
burst out in laughter.
		-- Long Chen Pa


Shit happens.


There is no Father Christmas.  It's just a marketing ploy to make low income
parents' lives a misery.  ...  I want you to picture the trusting face of a
child, streaked with tears because of what you just said.  I want you to
picture the face of its mother, because one week's dole won't pay for one
Master of the Universe Battlecruiser!
		-- Filthy Rich and Catflap


Gary Hart's biggest mistake was not getting Teddy Kennedy to drive
Donna Rice home.


Sam:   What do you know there, Norm?
Norm:  How to sit.  How to drink.  Want to quiz me?
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd

Sam:   Hey, how's life treating you there, Norm?
Norm:  Beats me. ...  Then it kicks me and leaves me for dead.
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd

Woody: How would a beer feel, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Pretty nervous if I was in the room.
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd


The most difficult thing about surviving AIDS
is trying to convince your parents that you're Haitian.


Change your thoughts and you change your world.


You are at a business lunch when you are suddenly overcome with an
uncontrollable desire to pick your nose.  Since this is definitely a
no-no, you:

(a) Pretend to wave to someone across the room and with one fluid
    motion, bury your forefinger in your nostril right up to the 4th
    joint.

(b) Get everyone drunk and organize a nose picking contest with a prize
    to the one who makes his nose bleed first.

(c) Drop your napkin on the floor, and when you bend over to pick it up,
    blow your nose on your sock.


****  GROWTH CENTER REPAIR SERVICE

For those who have had too much of Esalen, Topanga, and Kairos.
Tired of being genuine all the time?  Would you like to learn how
to be a little phony again?  Have you disclosed so much that you're
beginning to avoid people?  Have you touched so many people that
they're all beginning to feel the same?  Like to be a little dependent?
Are perfect orgasms beginning to bore you?  Would you like, for once,
not to express a feeling?  Or better yet, not be in touch with it at
all?  Come to us.  We promise to relieve you of the burden of your
great potential.


Interpreter, n.:
	One who enables two persons of different languages to understand
	each other by repeating to each what it would have been to the
	interpreter's advantage for the other to have said.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


What's on the floor of the old hen-house?
Doo-doo, doo-doo.
		-- Foghorn Leghorn, to "Camptown Ladies"


	Bill had just returned from a week of honeymooning, and his best
friend asked him how it went.
	"The first night we did it nine times," Bill said.  "The second
night, eight times.  The third night, seven times.  The fourth night, six
times.  The fifth night, five times.  The sixth night, four times, and the
last night, nothing!"
	"Nothing?" his pal asked.  "How come?"
	"Hey, you ever tried putting a marshmallow in a parking meter?"


The mother of the year should be a sterilized woman with two
adopted children.
		-- Paul Ehrlich


JOHN PAUL ELECTED POPE!!

(George and Ringo miffed.)


Fear is the greatest salesman.
		-- Robert Klein


NOTICE:

-- THE ELEVATORS WILL BE OUT OF ORDER TODAY --

(The nearest working elevator is in the building across the street.)


The last time somebody said, "I find I can write much better with a word
processor.", I replied, "They used to say the same thing about drugs."
		-- Roy Blount, Jr.


You will never know hunger.


Bernard Shaw is an excellent man; he has not an enemy in the world, and
none of his friends like him either.
		-- Oscar Wilde


When I was 16, I thought there was no hope for my father.
By the time I was 20, he had made great improvement.


Time is nature's way of making sure that
everything doesn't happen at once.

Space is nature's way of making sure that
everything doesn't happen to you.


try again


Lighten up, while you still can,
Don't even try to understand,
Just find a place to make your stand,
And take it easy.
		-- The Eagles, "Take It Easy"


My Bonnie looked into a gas tank,
The height of its contents to see!
She lit a small match to assist her,
Oh, bring back my Bonnie to me.


Lucky is he for whom the belle toils.


Grand Master Turing once dreamed that he was a machine.  When he awoke
he exclaimed:
	"I don't know whether I am Turing dreaming that I am a machine,
	or a machine dreaming that I am Turing!"
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


I don't care who you are, Fatso.  Get those reindeer off my roof.


When you don't know what you are doing, do it neatly.


Big book, big bore.
		-- Callimachus


The Government just announced today the creation of the Neutron Bomb II.
Similar to the Neutron Bomb, the Neutron Bomb II not only kills people
and leaves buildings standing, but also does a little light housekeeping.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#15

Sex:
	Women prefer 30-40 minutes of foreplay.  Men prefer 30-40 seconds of
foreplay.  Men consider driving back to her place as part of the foreplay.

Maturity:
	Women mature much faster than men.  Most 17-year-old females can
function as adults.  Most 17-year-old males are still trading baseball cards
and giving each other wedgies after gym class.  This is why high school
romances rarely work out.

Handwriting:
	To their credit, men do not decorate their penmanship.  They just
chicken-scratch.  Women use scented, colored stationary and they dot their
"i's" with circles and hearts.  Women use ridiculously large loops in their
"p's" and "g's".  It is a royal pain to read a note from a woman.  Even
when she's dumping you, she'll put a smiley face at the end of the note.


The study of non-linear physics is like the study of non-elephant
biology.


Ten persons who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent.
		-- Napoleon I


Had I been present at the creation, I would have given some
useful hints for the better ordering of the universe.
		-- Alfonso the Wise

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to operating system initialization.]


Humanity has advanced, when it has advanced, not because it has been sober,
responsible, and cautious, but because it has been playful, rebellious, and
immature.
		-- Tom Robbins


Menage a trois, n.:
	Using both hands to masturbate.


When asked the definition of "pi":
The Mathematician:
	Pi is the number expressing the relationship between the
	circumference of a circle and its diameter.
The Physicist:
	Pi is 3.1415927, plus or minus 0.000000005.
The Engineer:
	Pi is about 3.


A policeman is walking his beat when he finds an inebriated man collapsed
against a building, weeping uncontrollably and holding his car keys in his
hands.  He's moaning something about how "They took my car!"  Seeing that
the man is well-dressed, the officer suspects that he may have a real case
of theft on his hands and attempts to question the man.
	"What happened to your car?"
	"My car, it was right on the end of my key, and those bastards
stole it!  Please officer, get my Porsche back.  My God, it was right on
the end of my key!  Where is it?  They stole it and it was right here;
right on my key!"
	"OK, OK, stand up, we'll see what we can do.  You'll have to come
down to the stat...  Mister, your fly's unzipped and you're exposing
yourself!"
	"Oh my God, they stole my girlfriend!"


Would ye both eat your cake and have your cake?
		-- John Heywood


The sex life of spiders is very interesting.
He fucks her.
She bites his head off.
		-- From a Women's Lib Poster


Authors (and perhaps columnists) eventually rise to the top of whatever
depths they were once able to plumb.
		-- Stanley Kaufman


	"I quite agree with you," said the Duchess; "and the moral of
that is -- `Be what you would seem to be' -- or, if you'd like it put
more simply -- `Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it
might appear to others that what you were or might have been was not
otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be
otherwise.'"
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


They're only trying to make me LOOK paranoid!


I have lots of things in my pockets;
None of them is worth anything.
Sociopolitical whines aside,
Gan you give me, gratis, free,
The price of half a gallon
Of Gallo extra bad
And most of the bus fare home.


Eleventh Law of Acoustics:
	In a minimum-phase system there is an inextricable link between
	frequency response, phase response and transient response, as they
	are all merely transforms of one another.  This combined with
	minimalization of open-loop errors in output amplifiers and correct
	compensation for non-linear passive crossover network loading can
	lead to a significant decrease in system resolution lost.  However,
	of course, this all means jack when you listen to Pink Floyd.


If I'm over the hill, why is it I don't recall ever being on top?
		-- Jerry Muscha


