Old Mother Hubbard went to the cupboard
To fetch her poor daughter a dress.
When she got there, the cupboard was bare
And so was her daughter, I guess...


I stick my neck out for nobody.
		-- Humphrey Bogart, "Casablanca" (1942)


How do you explain school to a higher intelligence?
		-- Elliot, "E.T."


Captain's Log, star date 21:34.5...


Familiarity breeds contempt -- and children.
		-- Mark Twain


Being in the army is like being in the Boy Scouts, except that the
Boy Scouts have adult supervision.
		-- Blake Clark


There *is* no such thing as a civil engineer.


And that's the way it is...
		-- Walter Cronkite


Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of APL, I shall
fear no evil, for I can string six primitive monadic and dyadic
operators together.
		-- Steve Higgins


A man never minds being in the doghouse
as long as he can get his tail outside.


A pessimist is a man who has been compelled to live with an optimist.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


The error of youth is to believe that intelligence is a substitute
for experience, while the error of age is to believe experience is
a substitute for intelligence.
		-- Lyman Bryson


If a man loses his reverence for any part of life,
he will lose his reverence for all of life.
		-- Albert Schweitzer


I don't care how poor and inefficient a little country is; they like to
run their own business.  I know men that would make my wife a better
husband than I am; but, darn it, I'm not going to give her to 'em.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


Who's on first?


In Devon, Connecticut, it is unlawful to walk backwards after sunset.


Plastic...  Aluminum...  These are the inheritors of the Universe!
Flesh and Blood have had their day... and that day is past!
		-- Green Lantern Comics


We're all looking for a woman who can sit in a mini-skirt and talk
philosophy, executing both with confidence and style.


You go down to the pickup station,
	craving warmth and beauty;
You settle for less than fascination --
	a few drinks later you're not so choosy.
And the closing lights strip off the shadows
	on this strange new flesh you've found --
Clutching the night to you like a fig leaf
	you hurry to the blackness
	and the blankets to lay down an impression
	and your loneliness.
		-- Joni Mitchell


The best number for a dinner party is two -- myself and a damn good
head waiter.
		-- Nubar Gulbenkian


We thrive on euphemism.  We call multi-megaton bombs "Peace-keepers", closet
size apartments "efficient" and incomprehensible artworks "innovative".  In
fact, "euphemism" has become a euphemism for "bald-faced lie".  And now, here
are the euphemisms so colorfully employed in Personal Ads:

EUPHEMISM			REALITY
-------------------		-------------------------
Excited about life's journey	No concept of reality
Spiritually evolved		Oversensitive
Moody				Manic-depressive
Soulful				Quiet manic-depressive
Poet				Boring manic-depressive
Sultry/Sensual			Easy
Uninhibited			Lacking basic social skills
Unaffected and earthy		Slob and lacking basic social skills
Irreverent			Nasty and lacking basic social skills
Very human			Quasimodo's best friend
Swarthy				Sweaty even when cold or standing still
Spontaneous/Eclectic		Scatterbrained
Flexible			Desperate
Aging child			Self-centered adult
Youthful			Over 40 and trying to deny it
Good sense of humor		Watches a lot of television


I watch television because you don't know what it will do if you leave it
in the room alone.


Every morning in Africa, a gazelle wakes up.  It knows it must run faster
than the fastest lion or it will be killed.  Every morning a lion wakes up.
It knows it must outrun the slowest gazelle or it will starve to death.
It doesn't matter whether you are a lion or a gazelle: when the sun comes
up, you'd better be running.


I may be getting older, but I refuse to grow up!


No, my friend, the way to have good and safe government, is not to trust it
all to one, but to divide it among the many, distributing to every one exactly
the functions he is competent to.  It is by dividing and subdividing these
republics from the national one down through all its subordinations, until it
ends in the administration of every man's farm by himself; by placing under
every one what his own eye may superintend, that all will be done for the best.
		-- Thomas Jefferson, to Joseph Cabell, 1816


Already the spirit of our schooling is permeated with the feeling that every
subject, every topic, every fact, every professed truth must be submitted
to a certain publicity and impartiality.  All proffered samples of learning
must go to the same assay-room and be subjected to common tests.  It is the
essence of all dogmatic faiths to hold that any such "show-down" is
sacrilegious and perverse.  The characteristic of religion, from their point
of view, is that it is intellectually secret, not public; peculiarly revealed,
not generally known; authoritatively declared, not communicated and tested
in ordinary ways...It is pertinent to point out that, as long as religion
is conceived as it is now by the great majority of professed religionists,
there is something self-contradictory in speaking of education in religion
in the same sense in which we speak of education in topics where the method
of free inquiry has made its way.  The "religious" would be the last to be
willing that either the history of the content of religion should be taught
in this spirit; while those to whom the scientific standpoint is not merely
a technical device, but is the embodiment of the integrity of mind, must
protest against its being taught in any other spirit.
		-- John Dewey, "Democracy in the Schools" (1908)


After his legs had been broken in an accident, Mr. Miller sued for damages,
claiming that he was crippled and would have to spend the rest of his life
in a wheelchair.  Although the insurance-company doctor testified that his
bones had healed properly and that he was fully capable of walking, the
judge decided for the plaintiff and awarded him $500,000.
	When he was wheeled into the insurance office to collect his check,
Miller was confronted by several executives.  "You're not getting away with
this, Miller," one said.  "We're going to watch you day and night.  If you
take a single step, you'll not only repay the damages but stand trial for
perjury.  Here's the money.  What do you intend to do with it?"
	"My wife and I are going to travel," Miller replied.  "We'll go to
Stockholm, Berlin, Rome, Athens and, finally, to a place called Lourdes --
where, gentlemen, you'll see yourselves one hell of a miracle."


The die is cast.
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar


Nature, to be commanded, must be obeyed.
		-- Francis Bacon


PL/I -- "the fatal disease" -- belongs more to the problem set than to the
solution set.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


Chastity is its own punishment.


Life being what it is, one dreams of revenge.
		-- Paul Gauguin


	Shortly after arriving at their honeymoon destination, the
still-nervous groom became worried about the state of his bride's innocence.
Deciding on a direct confrontation, he quickly undressed, pointed at his
exposed manhood and asked his mate, "Do you know what this is?"
	Without hesitation, she blushingly answered, "That's a wee-wee."
	Delighted at the idea of instructing his naive wife in the ways of
love, the husband whispered, "From now on, dearest, this will be called a
prick."
	"Oh, come now," the girl chided.  "I've seen lots of pricks and I
assure you, that's a wee-wee."


Shirley MacLaine died today in a freak psychic collision today.  Two freaks
in a van [Oh no!!  It's the Copyright Police!!]  Her aura-charred body was
laid to rest after a eulogy by Jackie Collins, fellow member of SAFE [Society
of Asinine Flake Entertainers].  Excerpted from some of his more quotable
comments:

	"Truly a woman of the times.  These times, those times..."
	"A Renaissance woman.  Why in 1432..."
	"A man for all seasons.  Really..."

After the ceremony, Shirley thanked her mourners and explained how delightful
it was to "get it together" again, presumably referring to having her now dead
body join her long dead brain.


We don't care.  We don't have to.  We're the Phone Company.


	After sifting through the overwritten remaining blocks of Luke's home
directory, Luke and PDP-1 sped away from /u/lars, across the surface of the
Winchester riding Luke's flying read/write head.  PDP-1 had Luke stop at the
edge of the cylinder overlooking /usr/spool/uucp.
	"Unix-to-Unix Copy Program;" said PDP-1.  "You will never find a more
wretched hive of bugs and flamers.  We must be cautious."
		-- DECWARS


The San Francisco police are nothing if not sensitive to the mood of the
community.  The word is that Dirty Harry has been replaced by Bitchy Gerald.


Them as has, gets.


Eat one live toad the first thing in the morning and nothing worse
will happen to you the rest of the day.

[Well, actually, to either of you...  Ed.]


An apple a day makes 365 apples a year.


It's not so hard to lift yourself by your bootstraps once you're off
the ground.
		-- Daniel B. Luten


We seem to have forgotten the simple truth that reason is never perfect.
Only non-sense attains perfection.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Real class, adj.:
	When you're by yourself, fart, and say "Excuse me."


An acid is like a woman:  a good one will eat through your pants.
		-- Mel Gibson, Saturday Night Live


ANDROPHOBIA:
	Fear of men.


Mary had a little sheep,
And with the sheep she went to sleep,
The sheep turned out to be a ram,
And Mary had a little lamb.


Dear Miss Manners:
	My home economics teacher says that one must never place one's
elbows on the table.  However, I have read that one elbow, in between
courses, is all right.  Which is correct?

Gentle Reader:
	For the purpose of answering examinations in your home
economics class, your teacher is correct.  Catching on to this principle
of education may be of even greater importance to you now than learning
correct current table manners, vital as Miss Manners believes that is.


If one inquires why the American tradition is so strong against any connection
of State and Church, why it dreads even the rudiments of religious teaching
in state-maintained schools, the immediate and superficial answer is not
far to seek. ...  The cause lay largely in the diversity and vitality of the
various denominations, each fairly sure that, with a fair field and no favor,
it could make its own way; and each animated by a jealous fear that, if any
connection of State and Church were permitted, some rival denomination would
get an unfair advantage.
		-- John Dewey, "Democracy in the Schools", 1908


Laughing at you is like drop kicking a wounded humming bird.


If you have to think twice about it, you're wrong.


Lost interest?  It's so bad I've lost apathy.


We are giving instruction to FBI agents in the various Chinese
dialects ... to handle present and likely future contingencies.
		-- J. Hoover


The easiest way to figure the cost of living is to take your income and
add ten percent.


Seleznick's Theory of Holistic Medicine:
	Ice Cream cures all ills.  Temporarily.


When the only tool you have is a hammer, every problem starts to look
like a nail.


You are so boring that when I see you my feet go to sleep.


There is no time like the present
for postponing what you ought to be doing.


Watership Down:
You've read the book.  You've seen the movie.  Now eat the stew!


More people died at Chappaquidick than at 3-mile island.


Who is John Galt?


"Scott, baby," the sexually aggressive girl murmured as she guided
her date's finger to her clitoris, "This bud's for you."


Everything is possible.  Pass the word.
		-- Rita Mae Brown, "Six of One"


To keep your friends treat them kindly;
to kill them, treat them often.


Don't hit the keys so hard, it hurts.


Hunters make the best lovers; they go deeper into the
bush, shoot more often and *always* eat what they shoot.


This life is a test.  It is only a test.  Had this been an
actual life, you would have received further instructions as
to what to do and where to go.


The trouble with some women is that they get all excited about nothing --
and then marry him.
		-- Cher


Laws are like sausages.  It's better not to see them being made.
		-- Otto von Bismarck


				FROM THE DESK OF
				Rapunzel

Dear Prince:

	Use ladder tonight --
	you're splitting my ends.


Never try to keep up with the Joneses; they might be newlyweds.


Lawrence Radiation Laboratory keeps all its data in an old gray trunk.


	A manager was about to be fired, but a programmer who worked for him
invented a new program that became popular and sold well.  As a result, the
manager retained his job.
	The manager tried to give the programmer a bonus, but the programmer
refused it, saying, "I wrote the program because I though it was an interesting
concept, and thus I expect no reward."
	The manager, upon hearing this, remarked, "This programmer, though he
holds a position of small esteem, understands well the proper duty of an
employee.  Lets promote him to the exalted position of management consultant!"
	But when told this, the programmer once more refused, saying, "I exist
so that I can program.  If I were promoted, I would do nothing but waste
everyone's time.  Can I go now?  I have a program that I'm working on."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Brunette bush, n.:
	The dark side of the moon.


A woman forgives the audacity of which
her beauty has prompted us to be guilty.
		-- LeSage


If you understand what you're doing, you're not learning anything.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


A couple more shots of whiskey, women 'round here start looking good.

		[something about a 10 being a 4 after a six-pack?  Ed.]


The best rebuttal to this kind of statistical argument came from the
redoubtable John W. Campbell:

	The laws of population growth tell us that approximately half the
	people who were ever born in the history of the world are now
	dead.  There is therefore a 0.5 probability that this message is
	being read by a corpse.


This week only, all our fiber-fill jackets are marked down!


He who knows others is wise.
He who knows himself is enlightened.
		-- Lao Tsu


A prig is a fellow who is always making you a present of his opinions.
		-- George Eliot


Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet depreciate agitation, are
men who want rain without thunder and lightning.  They want the ocean
without the roar of its many waters.
		-- Frederick Douglass


A woman, especially if she have the misfortune
of knowing anything, should conceal it as well as she can.
		-- Jane Austen


A Parable of Modern Research:

	Bob has lost his keys in a room which is dark except for one
brightly lit corner.
	"Why are you looking under the light, you lost them in the dark!"
	"I can only see here."


UFO's are for real: the Air Force doesn't exist.


Under every stone lurks a politician.
		-- Aristophanes


PROBLEM DRINKER:
	A man who never buys.


The sergeant walked into the shower and caught me giving myself a
dishonorable discharge.  Without missing a beat, I said, "It's my dick
and I can wash it as fast as I want!"


If you don't do the things that are not worth doing, who will?


Even nowadays a man can't step up and kill a woman without feeling
just a bit unchivalrous ...
		-- Robert Benchley


The trouble with incest is that it gets you involved with relatives.
		-- George S. Kaufman


I'm sorry, but after reading this thread, I'm having a hard time
coming up with an explanation for this nonsense which doesn't involve
you being a dumbass.
		-- Bill Paul <wpaul@FreeBSD.org>



	*** System shutdown message from root ***

System going down in 60 seconds




To be wise, the only thing you really need
to know is when to say "I don't know."


The Soviet pre-eminence in chess can be traced to the average Russian's
readiness to brood obsessively over anything, even the arrangement of
some pieces of wood.  Indeed, the Russians' predisposition for quiet
reflection followed by sudden preventive action explains why they led
the field for many years in both chess and ax murders.  It is well
known that as early as 1970, the U.S.S.R., aware of what a defeat at
Reykjavik would do to national prestige, implemented a vigorous program
of preparation and incentive.  Every day for an entire year, a team of
psychologists, chess analysts and coaches met with the top three
Russian grand masters and threatened them with a pointy stick.  That
these tactics proved fruitless is now a part of chess history and a
further testament to the American way, which provides that if you want
something badly enough, you can always go to Iceland and get it from
the Russians.
		-- Marshall Brickman, Playboy, April, 1973


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #5

THE ATOMIC GRANDMOTHER:
	This humorous but heart-warming story tells of an elderly woman
	forced to work at a nuclear power plant in order to help the family
	make ends meet.  At night, granny sits on the porch, tells tales
	of her colorful past, and the family uses her to cook barbecues
	and to power small electrical appliances.  Maureen Stapleton gives
	a glowing performance.


Any stone in your boot always migrates against the pressure gradient to
exactly the point of most pressure.
		-- Milt Barber


War is menstruation envy.


QOTD:
	"If you're looking for trouble, I can offer you a wide selection."


Progress was all right.  Only it went on too long.
		-- James Thurber


I went to the museum where they had all the heads and arms from the
statues that are in all the other museums.
		-- Steven Wright


Moody bitch in search of...
	kind, considerate, loving man.  Objective, love-hate relationship.


Living in Hollywood is like living in a bowl of granola.  What ain't
fruits and nuts is flakes.


Sometimes the light is all shining on me,
Other times I can hardly see.
Lately it occurs to me
What a long strange trip it's been.
		-- The Grateful Dead, "American Beauty"


Character is what you are in the dark!
		-- Lord John Whorfin


If *I* had a hammer, there'd be no more folk singers.


Vatican upholds ban on contraceptives: "To heir is humane," claims the Pope.


Alive without breath,
As cold as death;
Never thirsty, ever drinking,
All in mail ever clinking.


If ignorance is bliss, why aren't there more happy people?


Misery no longer loves company.
Nowadays it insists on it.
		-- Russell Baker


A genius is a queer who can whistle while he works.
		-- Bobby Knight


It is better to have loved and lost -- much better.


Conceptual integrity in turn dictates that the design must proceed
from one mind, or from a very small number of agreeing resonant minds.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


It is illegal to say "Oh, Boy" in Jonesboro, Georgia.


The rich get rich, and the poor get poorer.
The haves get more, the have-nots die.


I have that old biological urge,
I have that old irresistible surge,
I'm hungry.


Advertising is a valuable economic factor because it is the cheapest
way of selling goods, particularly if the goods are worthless.
		-- Sinclair Lewis


To err is human; to admit it, a blunder.


We are all worms.  But I do believe I am a glowworm.
		-- Winston Churchill


He who is intoxicated with wine will be sober again in the course of the
night, but he who is intoxicated by the cupbearer will not recover his
senses until the day of judgment.
		-- Saadi


The system will be down for 10 days for preventative maintenance.


"One basic notion underlying Usenet is that it is a cooperative."

Having been on USENET for going on ten years, I disagree with this.
The basic notion underlying USENET is the flame.
		-- Chuq Von Rospach


This guy makes an appointment with a doctor because his hemorrhoids are
really bothering him.  The doctor gives him some suppositories and tells
him to come back in a week for a checkup.  "How's it going?" he asks
the patient a week later.
	"I gotta tell you the truth, Doc," said the man.  "For all the
good these pills did me, I coulda shoved them up my ass."


Washington, D.C: Fifty square miles almost completely surrounded by reality.


Female ballet dancers are the bravest girls around.  Who else would take a
flying leap into the arms of a homosexual and expect to be caught?
		-- Rita Rudner


I was a cock-teaser at Rooster Rama.
I used to enrage the bantams before the big bouts.
		-- The Firesign Theatre


Einstein argued that there must be simplified explanations of nature, because
God is not capricious or arbitrary.  No such faith comforts the software
engineer.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr.


You're either part of the solution or part of the problem.
		-- Eldridge Cleaver


Drakenberg's Discovery:
	If you can't seem to find your glasses,
	it's probably because you don't have them on.


If you're happy, you're successful.


In the days of old,
When Knights were bold,
	And women were too cautious;
Oh, those gallant days,
When women were women,
	And men were really obnoxious.


The only psychologically damaging thing about masturbation is
that there's nobody else to blame later for persuading you to do it.


	An old Jewish man reads about Einstein's theory of relativity
in the newspaper and asks his scientist grandson to explain it to him.
	"Well, zayda, it's sort of like this.  Einstein says that if
you're having your teeth drilled without Novocain, a minute seems like
an hour.  But if you're sitting with a beautiful woman on your lap, an
hour seems like a minute."
	The old man considers this profound bit of thinking for a
moment and says, "And from this he makes a living?"
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


The best portion of a good man's life, his little,
nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love.
		-- Wordsworth


The only problem with seeing too much is that it makes you insane.
		-- Phaedrus


Oh, the Slithery Dee, he crawled out of the sea.
He may catch all the others, but he won't catch me.
No, he won't catch me, stupid ol' Slithery Dee.
He may catch all the others, but AAAARRRRGGGGHHHH!!!!
		-- The Smothers Brothers


Nine-track tapes and seven-track tapes
And tapes without any tracks;
Stretchy tapes and snarley tapes
And tapes mixed up on the racks --
	Take hold of the tape
	And pull off the strip,
	And then you'll be sure
	Your tape drive will skip.

		-- Uncle Colonel's Cursory Rhymes


Getting Cheryl to shed her apparel
Is like shooting goldfish in a barrel.
	But her genital area
	Is so vast it'll scareya,
And you venture inside at your peril.


The full impact of parenthood doesn't hit you until you multiply the
number of your kids by thirty-two teeth.


People who have what they want are very fond of telling people who haven't
what they want that they don't want it.
		-- Ogden Nash


My mother was a test tube; my father was a knife.
		-- Friday


Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing.


I've built a better model than the one at Data General
For data bases vegetable, animal, and mineral
My OS handles CPUs with multiplexed duality;
My PL/1 compiler shows impressive functionality.
My storage system's better than magnetic core polarity,
You never have to bother checking out a bit for parity;
There isn't any reason to install non-static floor matting;
My disk drive has capacity for variable formatting.

I feel compelled to mention what I know to be a gloating point:
There's lots of room in memory for variables floating-point,
Which shows for input vegetable, animal, and mineral
I've built a better model than the one at Data General.

		-- Steve Levine, "A Computer Song" (To the tune of
		   "Modern Major General", from "Pirates of Penzance",
		   by Gilbert & Sullivan)


Is that really YOU that is reading this?


Love means nothing to a tennis player.


Vegetarians for oral sex -- "The only meat that's fit to eat"


	A cowboy, his horse and his dog were captured by hostile Indians.
This wasn't really a problem for the animals as the Indians can always use
them, but the cowboy is informed that he will be burned at the stake the
following sunrise.  That evening, the Indian chief tells the cowboy that
he can one last wish, within reason, of course, before meeting his fate
the following morning.  The cowboy replies that all he really wants is to
see his faithful dog, Rex, one last time.  When the dog is brought by the
Indians, the cowboy hugs his companion and whispers something into his ear.
At once the dog runs off over the hill.  Amazingly enough, a few hours later,
he returns, accompanied by some two dozen prostitutes from a nearby town.
Needless to say, the braves are delighted and as a reward offer the cowboy
his dog to keep him company through the rest of the night.  When the dog is
brought forth the cowboy again runs his hand over Rex's head and then bends
down to whisper into his ear: "This may be my last chance, Rex, so get it
right this time -- go into town and get the posse!"


Fed some caviar to my girlfriend
She was a virgin tried and true
Now my girlfriend needs no urgin'
There ain't nothin' she won't do!
	Caviar comes from a Virgin Sturgeon -
	Virgin Sturgeon's a very fine fish.
	Virgin Sturgeon needs no urgin'
	That's why caviar is my dish!

Fed some caviar to my Grandpa
He was a man of ninety-three
Shrieks and screams were heard from Grandma
He had chased her up a tree!
	(chorus)


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(29) The Los Angeles Raiders will never be the team they were when they
     called Oakland home.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


We are confronted with insurmountable opportunities.
		-- Walt Kelly, "Pogo"


Consultants are mystical people who ask a
company for a number and then give it back to them.


He used to kiss her on her lips, but it's all over now.


I don't know what Descartes' got,
But booze can do what Kant cannot.
		-- Mike Cross


FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #21

A:	Dr. Livingston I. Presume.
Q:	What's Dr. Presume's full name?


Most people in this society who aren't actively mad are,
at best, reformed or potential lunatics.
		-- Susan Sontag


Pascal is a language for children wanting to be naughty.
		-- Dr. Kasi Ananthanarayanan


You're at Witt's End.


Be independent.
Insult a rich relative today.


I have never understood this liking for war.  It panders to instincts
already catered for within the scope of any respectable domestic
establishment.
		-- Alan Bennett


Squirrels eating squirrels, my God, that's sick.


That does not compute.


Q:	How do you tell if you're making love to a nurse, a schoolteacher,
	or an airline stewardess?
A:	A nurse says: "This won't hurt a bit."
	A schoolteacher says: "We're just going to have to do this over
	and over again until we get it right."
	An airline stewardess says: "Hold this over your mouth and
	nose, and breathe normally."

... and bank tellers say "Substantial penalty for early withdrawal."
... and saleswomen say "Thank you, come again soon!"
... and WASPs say "Do you have that in a bigger size?"
... and piano teachers say "Keep those fingers arched! TEMPO! TEMPO!"


The father, passing through his son's college town late one evening on a
business trip, thought he would pay his boy a surprise visit.  Arriving at the
lad's fraternity house, dad rapped loudly on the door.  After several minutes
of knocking, a sleepy voice drifted down from a second-floor window,
	"Whaddaya want?"
	"Does Ramsey Duncan live here?" asked the father.
	"Yeah," replied the voice.  "Dump him on the front porch."


The fact that it works is immaterial.
		-- L. Ogborn


To be who one is, is not to be someone else.


