	Hack placidly amidst the noisy printers and remember what prizes there
may be in Science.  As fast as possible get a good terminal on a good system.
Enter your data clearly but always encrypt your results.  And listen to others,
even the dull and ignorant, for they may be your customers.  Avoid loud and
aggressive persons, for they are sales reps.
	If you compare your outputs with those of others, you may be surprised,
for always there will be greater and lesser numbers than you have crunched.
Keep others interested in your career, and try not to fumble; it can be a real
hassle and could change your fortunes in time.
	Exercise system control in your experiments, for the world is full of
bugs.  But let this not blind you to what virtue there is; many persons strive
for linearity and everywhere papers are full of approximations.  Strive for
proportionality.  Especially, do not faint when it occurs.  Neither be cyclical
about results; for in the face of all data analysis it is sure to be noticed.
	Take with a grain of salt the anomalous data points.  Gracefully pass
them on to the youth at the next desk.  Nurture some mutual funds to shield
you in times of sudden layoffs.  But do not distress yourself with imaginings
-- the real bugs are enough to screw you badly.  Murphy's Law runs the
Universe -- and whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt <Curl>B*n dS = 0.
	Therefore, grab for a piece of the pie, with whatever proposals you
can conceive of to try.  With all the crashed disks, skewed data, and broken
line printers, you can still have a beautiful secretary.  Be linear.  Strive
to stay employed.
		-- Technolorata, "Analog"


There's a thrill in store for all for we're about to toast
The corporation that we represent.
We're here to cheer each pioneer and also proudly boast,
Of that man of men our sterling president
The name of T. J. Watson means
A courage none can stem
And we feel honored to be here to toast the IBM.
		-- Ever Onward, from the 1940 IBM Songbook


Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States.  Ask
any Indian.
		-- Robert Orben

Immigration is the sincerest form of flattery.
		-- Jack Paar


QOTD:
	"It's a cold bowl of chili, when love don't work out."


You can now buy more gates with less
specifications than at any other time in history.
		-- Kenneth Parker


SCORPIO (Oct. 23 to Nov. 21)
	Friends abound today, seeking repayment of past loans.  Smile.  Check
	for concealed weapons.  Your natural cheerfulness makes others want
	to throw up.  Knock it off.


Support wildlife -- vote for an orgy.


Smoking is, as far as I'm concerned, the entire point of being an adult.
		-- Fran Lebowitz


Do YOU have redeeming social value?


Skinner's Constant (or Flannagan's Finagling Factor):
	That quantity which, when multiplied by, divided by, added to,
	or subtracted from the answer you got, gives you the answer you
	should have gotten.


There are two kinds of solar-heat systems: "passive" systems collect
the sunlight that hits your home, and "active" systems collect the
sunlight that hits your neighbors' homes, too.
		-- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"


To be intoxicated is to feel sophisticated but not be able to say it.


When two people are under the influence of the most violent, most
insane, most delusive, and most transient of passions, they are
required to swear that they will remain in that excited, abnormal, and
exhausting condition continuously until death do them part.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Start the day with a smile.
After that you can be your nasty old self again.


Success is like a fart -- only your own smells nice.
		-- James P. Hogan


The faster we go, the rounder we get.
		-- The Grateful Dead


Infancy, n.:
	The period of our lives when, according to Wordsworth, "Heaven lies
	about us."  The world begins lying about us pretty soon afterward.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Why not? -- What? -- Why not? -- Why should I not send it? -- Why should I
not dispatch it? -- Why not? -- Strange!  I don't know why I shouldn't --
Well, then -- You will do me this favor. -- Why not? -- Why should you not
do it? -- Why not? -- Strange!  I shall do the same for you, when you want
me to.  Why not?  Why should I not do it for you?  Strange!  Why not? --
I can't think why not.
		-- Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, from a letter to his cousin Maria,
		   "The Definitive Biography of PDQ Bach", Peter Schickele


To err is human,
To purr feline.
		-- Robert Byrne


Hit them biscuits with another touch of gravy,
Burn that sausage just a match or two more done.
Pour my black old coffee longer,
While that smell is gettin' stronger
A semi-meal ain't nuthin' much to want.

Loan me ten, I got a feelin' it'll save me,
With an ornery soul who don't shoot pool for fun,
If that coat'll fit you're wearin',
The Lord'll bless your sharin'
A semi-friend ain't nuthin' much to want.

And let me halfway fall in love,
For part of a lonely night,
With a semi-pretty woman in my arms.
Yes, I could halfway fall in deep--
Into a snugglin', lovin' heap,
With a semi-pretty woman in my arms.
		-- Elroy Blunt


Collaboration, n.:
	A literary partnership based on the false assumption that the
	other fellow can spell.


You possess a mind not merely twisted, but actually sprained.


Your mothers ghost stands at your shoulder
Face like ice, a little bit colder
She says "You can't do that it breaks all the rules
You learned in school"
But I don't really see
Why can't we go on as three?
		-- David Crosby, "Triad"


Some women achieve greatness, some have greatness thrust into them.


Executive ability is prominent in your make-up.


You can't start worrying about what's going to happen.
You get spastic enough worrying about what's happening now.
		-- Lauren Bacall


Every paper published in a respectable journal should have a preface by
the author stating why he is publishing the article, and what value he
sees in it.  I have no hope that this practice will ever be adopted.
		-- Morris Kline


Get in touch with your feelings of hostility against the dying light.
		-- Dylan Thomas


	A man was reading The Canterbury Tales one Saturday morning, when his
wife asked "What have you got there?"  Replied he, "Just my cup and Chaucer."


You may be recognized soon.  Hide.


Boycott meat - suck your thumb.


Everything is worth precisely as much as a belch, the difference being
that a belch is more satisfying.
		-- Ingmar Bergman


The bigger the theory the better.


There are only two kinds of tequila.  Good and better.


SCORPIO (Oct. 23 to Nov. 21)
	Friends abound today, seeking repayment of past loans.  Smile.  Check
	for concealed weapons.  Your natural cheerfulness makes others want
	to throw up.  Knock it off.


If you don't go to other men's funerals they won't go to yours.
		-- Clarence Day


Q:	How do you pick up a quarter off of Polk Street?
A:	Kick it over to Van Ness.


Him:	"Your skin is so soft.  Are you a model?"
Her:	"No,"  [blush]  "I'm a cosmetologist."
Him:	"Really? That's incredible...
	It must be very tough to handle weightlessness."
		-- "The Jerk"


It will be advantageous to cross the great stream ... the Dragon is on
the wing in the Sky ... the Great Man rouses himself to his Work.


The fashion wears out more apparel than the man.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Much Ado About Nothing"


While your friend holds you affectionately by both your hands you are
safe, for you can watch both of his.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Mistakes are often the stepping stones to utter failure.


In Christianity neither morality nor religion come into contact with
reality at any point.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Contrary to popular belief, penguins are not the salvation of modern
technology.  Neither do they throw parties for the urban proletariat.


He:	Do you like Kipling?
She:	Oh, you naughty boy, I don't know!  I've never kippled!


You had some happiness once,
but your parents moved away, and you had to leave it behind.


[We] use bad software and bad machines for the wrong things.
		-- R. W. Hamming


Do not count your chickens before they are hatched.
		-- Aesop


Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth.
		-- Erma Bombeck


Whatever women do they must do twice as well as men to be thought half
as good.  Luckily this is not difficult.
		-- Charlotte Whitton


And tomorrow will be like today, only more so.
		-- Isaiah 56:12, New Standard Version


All I ask is a chance to prove that money can't make me happy.


Rule #7: Silence is not acquiescence.
	Contrary to what you may have heard, silence of those present is
not necessarily consent, even the reluctant variety.  They simply may
sit in stunned silence and figure ways of sabotaging the plan after they
regain their composure.


The onset and the waning of love make themselves felt
in the uneasiness experienced at being alone together.
		-- Jean de la Bruyere


Some peoples mouths work faster than their brains.
They say things they haven't even thought of yet.


True to our past we work with an inherited, observed, and accepted vision of
personal futility, and of the beauty of the world.
		-- David Mamet


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #8

	Idaho state law makes it illegal for a man to give his sweetheart
a box of candy weighing less than fifty pounds.


The husband was disturbed by his wife's indifferent attitude towards him
and the marriage counselor suggested he try being more aggressive in his
lovemaking.
	"Act more like a romantic lover and less like a bored spouse," he
was advised.  "When you go home, make love to her as soon as you meet --
even if it's right inside the front door."
	At the next consultation, the adviser was pleased to hear that the
husband had followed his instructions.  "And how did she react this time?"
the consultant asked.
	"Well, to tell you the truth," the husband replied, "she was still
sort of indifferent.  But one thing I've got to admit: her bridge club went
absolutely wild!"


Too much is just enough.
		-- Mark Twain, on whiskey


QOTD:
	"Y'know how s'm people treat th'r body like a TEMPLE?
	Well, I treat mine like 'n AMUSEMENT PARK...  S'great..."


A hacker does for love what others would not do for money.


A government that is big enough to give you all you want is big enough
to take it all away.
		-- Barry Goldwater


	"Daddy?"
	"Yes son."
	"Wha-wha-wha-what does regret mean?"
	"Well, son, a funny thing about regret is that it's better to regret
something you have done, than to regret something you haven't done.  And by
the way, if you see your Mom this weekend, would you be sure and tell her,
`SATAN, SATAN, SATAN!!!'"
		-- Butthole Surfers, "Sweat Loaf"


Just once I would like to persuade the audience not to wear any article of
blue denim.  If only they could see themselves in a pair of brown corduroys
like mine instead of this awful, boring blue denim.  I don't enjoy the sky
or sea as much as I used to because of this Levi character.  If Jesus Christ
came back today, He and I would get into our brown corduroys and go to the
nearest jean store and overturn the racks of blue denim.  Then we'd get
crucified in the morning.
		-- Ian Anderson, of Jethro Tull


Todays title:
	Creative Violence in Sexual Relationships


A bachelor is an unaltared male.


A rolling stone gathers momentum.


Your education begins where what is called your education is over.


You shall be rewarded for a dastardly deed.


If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you.


A beautiful, voluptuous woman goes to see a gynecologist.  The doctor takes
one look at this woman and his professionalism is a thing of the past.  Right
away he tells her to undress.  After she has disrobed he begins to stroke her
thigh.  As he does this he says to the woman, "Do you know what I'm doing?"
	"Yes," she says, "you're checking for any abrasions or dermatological
abnormalities."
	"Correct," says the doctor.  He then begins to fondle her breasts.
"Do you know what I'm doing now?" he says.
	"Yes," says the woman, "you're checking for any lumps or breast
cancer."
	"That's right," replies the doctor.  He then gradually proceeds to
having sexual intercourse with her.  "Do you know," he pants, "what I'm doing
now?"
	"Yes," she says.  "You're getting herpes."


He who laughs, lasts.


Demonstrating once again the importance of the lowly comma, this
telegram was sent from a wife to her husband:
	"NOT GETTING ANY, BETTER COME HOME AT ONCE."


QOTD:
	"The only real difference between men and women is that men are
	crabby all month long."


If God had meant for us to be in the Army,
we would have been born with green, baggy skin.


Quit worrying about your health.  It'll go away.
		-- Robert Orben


You will always get the greatest recognition for the job you least like.


	A man walks into a bar and orders 3 shots and 3 beers.  The
bartender, seeing that the man is distraught, asks what the problem is.
	"I just found out that my brother is gay", he replies.
	About a week later, the same man walks in and orders 6 shots and
6 chasers.  So the bartender inquires, "What's wrong this time?"
	To which the man says, "I just found out that two of my brothers
are lovers."
	Another week goes by and the man comes back to the bar and orders
NINE shots and NINE beers.  The bartenders says "Damn, boy, doesn't anyone
in your family like pussy?"
	"Yeah.  Me and my sister."


A conference is a gathering of important people who singly can
do nothing but together can decide that nothing can be done.
		-- Fred Allen


Yea from the table of my memory
I'll wipe away all trivial fond records.
		-- Hamlet


Gibble gabble gabble gibble gurgle lubble gibble babble beeble triggle
	Lean closer.
Libble gabble gabble ibble gurgle gubble tibble babble feeble riggle
	Smile at her *knowingly*.
Gibble gabble sabble gibble surgle gubble gibble babble beeble giggle
	Nod sympathetically.  Show you're on *her* side.
Bibble gabble gabble babble gurgle gubble gibble tribble beeble figgle
	Touch her hand lightly.  Nobody understands but we two.
Fibble gabble fobble gibble gurgle bubble gibble tabble beeble giggle
	Look sincere.

"Why don't we have the next drink up at MY place?"

	God's gift to women strikes again.
		-- J. Feiffer


WHENEVER ANYBODY SAYS he's struggling to become a human being I have to
laugh because the apes beat him to it by about a million years.  Struggle
to become a parrot or something.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Recently deceased blues guitarist Stevie Ray Vaughan "comes to" after
his death.  He sees Jimi Hendrix sitting next to him, tuning his guitar.
"Holy cow," he thinks to himself, "this guy is my idol."  Over at the
microphone, about to sing, are Jim Morrison and Janis Joplin, and the
bassist is the late Barry Oakley of the Allman Brothers.  So Stevie
Ray's thinking, "Oh, wow!  I've died and gone to rock and roll heaven."
Just then, Karen Carpenter walks in, sits down at the drums, and says:
"'Close to You'.  Hit it, boys!"
		-- Told by Penn Jillette, of magic/comedy duo Penn and Teller


Lighten up, while you still can,
Don't even try to understand,
Just find a place to make your stand,
And take it easy.
		-- The Eagles, "Take It Easy"


Aberdeen was so small that when the family with the car went
on vacation, the gas station and drive-in theatre had to close.


FOR SALE:
	Parachute.  Used once.
	Never opened.  Slightly Stained.


You're all clear now, kid.
Now blow this thing so we can all go home.
		-- Han Solo


Multics is security spelled sideways.


Every time I lose weight, it finds me again!


We are on the verge: Today our program proved Fermat's next-to-last
theorem.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


date; talk; touch; unzip; finger; expand; strip; head; mount; yes; yes; yes;
eject; more; sleep


Self Test for Paranoia:
	You know you have it when you can't think of anything that's
	your own fault.


What segment's this, that, laid to rest
On FHA0, is sleeping?
What system file, lay here a while	This, this is "acct.run,"
While hackers around it were weeping?	Accounting file for everyone.
					Dump, dump it and type it out,
					The file, the highseg of login.
Why lies it here, on public disk
And why is it now unprotected?
A bug in incant, made it thus.		Mount, mount all your DECtapes now
And copy the file somehow, somehow.	The problem has not been corrected.
					Dump, dump it and type it out,
					The file, the highseg of login.
		-- to Greensleeves


I come from a small town whose population never changed.  Each time
a woman got pregnant, someone left town.
		-- Michael Prichard


The price one pays for pursuing any profession, or calling, is an intimate
knowledge of its ugly side.
		-- James Baldwin


And that's the way it is...
		-- Walter Cronkite


My daddy's brains was so scrambled he thought he was Jesus.  They put him
in a nut house for 5 years and when he got out, he didn't think he was
Jesus, he thought he was *God*! ... Which made me Jesus.
		-- T. Bywater


A gangster assembled an engineer, a chemist, and a physicist.  He explained
that he was entering a horse in a race the following week and the three
assembled guys had the job of assuring that the gangster's horse would win.
They were to reconvene the day before the race to tell the gangster how they
each propose to ensure a win.  When they reconvened the gangster started with
the engineer:

Gangster: OK, Mr. engineer, what have you got?
Engineer: Well, I've invented a way to weave metallic threads into the saddle
	  blanket so that they will act as the plates of a battery and provide
	  electrical shock to the horse.
G:	  That's very good!  But let's hear from the chemist.
Chemist:  I've synthesized a powerful stimulant that dissolves
	  into simple blood sugars after ten minutes and therefore
	  cannot be detected in post-race tests.
G:	  Excellent, excellent!  But I want to hear from the physicist before
	  I decide what to do.  Physicist?

Physicist: Well, first consider a spherical horse in simple harmonic motion...


Trust your husband, adore your husband,
and get as much as you can in your own name.
		-- Joan Rivers


A man goes into a hospital for a routine appendectomy.  When he wakes up
from the anesthesia, he sees a large group of doctors gathered anxiously
around his bed.
	"What happened?" he asks worriedly.
	"Well," says one of the doctors, "there was a small clerical error,
and you got mixed-up with another patient.  Instead of an appendectomy, we
performed a sex-change operation.  Your penis has been removed and a vagina
has been crafted into place."
	"WHAT!!!" screams the man.  "That's horrible!  What am I going to
tell my wife?  Can't you reverse it?  This means I'm never going to experience
another erection!"
	"Well, you will, you *will*," reassures the doctor, "but it will, of
course, have to be someone else's."


Once upon a girl there was a time...


The Sixth Commandment of Frisbee:
	The greatest single aid to distance is for the disc to be going
in a direction you did not want.  (Goes the wrong way = Goes a long
way.)
		-- Dan Roddick


The aim of a joke is not to degrade the human being but to remind him that
he is already degraded.
		-- George Orwell


Revenge is sleeping with your enemy's wife.
Sweet revenge is the realization that she's a lousy lay.


I do not know where to find in any literature, whether ancient or modern,
any adequate account of that nature with which I am acquainted.  Mythology
comes nearest to it of any.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


when i die, i'd like to go peacefully.
in my sleep.
like my grandfather.

not screaming,
like the passengers in his car...


	Hardware met Software on the road to Changtse.  Software said: "You
are the Yin and I am the Yang.  If we travel together we will become famous
and earn vast sums of money."  And so the pair set forth together, thinking
to conquer the world.
	Presently, they met Firmware, who was dressed in tattered rags, and
hobbled along propped on a thorny stick.  Firmware said to them: "The Tao
lies beyond Yin and Yang.  It is silent and still as a pool of water.  It does
not seek fame, therefore nobody knows its presence.  It does not seek fortune,
for it is complete within itself.  It exists beyond space and time."
	Software and Hardware, ashamed, returned to their homes.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Have you heard of the lady named Cox
Who had a capacious old box?
	When her lover was in place
	She said, "Please turn your face.
I look like a gal, but I screw like a fox."


The distinction between true and false appears to become
increasingly blurred by... the pollution of the language.
		-- Arne Tiselius


	Never ask your lover if he'd dive in front of an oncoming train for
you.  He doesn't know.  Never ask your lover if she'd dive in front of an
oncoming band of Hell's Angels for you.  She doesn't know.  Never ask how many
cigarettes your lover has smoked today.  Cancer is a personal commitment.
	Never ask to see pictures of your lover's former lovers -- especially
the ones who dived in front of trains.  If you look like one of them, you are
repeating history's mistakes.  If you don't, you'll wonder what he or she saw
in the others.
	While we are on the subject of pictures: You may admire the picture
of your lover cavorting naked in a tidal pool on Maui.  Don't ask who took
it.  The answer is obvious.  A Japanese tourist took the picture.
	Never ask if your lover has had therapy.  Only people who have had
therapy ask if people have had therapy.
	Don't ask about plaster casts of male sex organs marked JIMI, JIM, etc.
Assume that she bought them at a flea  market.
		-- James Peterson and Kate Nolan


As I was walking down the street one dark and dreary day,
I came upon a billboard and much to my dismay,
The words were torn and tattered,
From the storm the night before,
The wind and rain had done its work and this is how it goes,

Smoke Coca-Cola cigarettes, chew Wrigleys Spearmint beer,
Ken-L-Ration dog food makes your complexion clear,
Simonize your baby in a Hershey candy bar,
And Texaco's a beauty cream that's used by every star.

Take your next vacation in a brand new Frigidaire,
Learn to play the piano in your winter underwear,
Doctors say that babies should smoke until they're three,
And people over sixty-five should bathe in Lipton tea.


Buffy:	Am I repulsive?  If there was something repulsive about me, you'd
	tell me right?
Willow:	I'm your friend.  I would call you repulsive in a second.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Harsh Light of Day"
		   Season 1, Episode 3


Just because you like my stuff doesn't mean I owe you anything.
		-- Bob Dylan


TRUST ME:
	Get me, give me, buy me, do me.


If you've seen one redwood, you've seen them all.
		-- Ronald Reagan


Billy:	Mom, you know that vase you said was handed down from
	generation to generation?
Mom:	Yes?
Billy:	Well, this generation dropped it.


Is a person who blows up banks an econoclast?


IN MY OPINION anyone interested in improving himself should not rule out
becoming pure energy.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Must I hold a candle to my shames?
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"


You go down to the pickup station,
	craving warmth and beauty;
You settle for less than fascination --
	a few drinks later you're not so choosy.
And the closing lights strip off the shadows
	on this strange new flesh you've found --
Clutching the night to you like a fig leaf
	you hurry to the blackness
	and the blankets to lay down an impression
	and your loneliness.
		-- Joni Mitchell


The Almighty in His infinite wisdom did not see
fit to create Frenchmen in the image of Englishmen.
		-- Winston Churchill, 1942


First things first -- but not necessarily in that order.
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


Two friends, an Italian boy and a Jewish boy, come of age at the same time.
The Italian boy's father presents him with a brand-new pistol.  On the other
side of town, at his Bar Mitzvah, the Jewish boy receives a beautiful gold
watch.
	The next day, in school, the two boys are showing each other what
they got.  It turns out that each boy likes the other's present better, and
so they trade.
	That night, the Italian boy is at home and his father sees him
looking at his new watch.  "Where did you getta thatta watch?" he asks.
	The boy explains the trade, and the father blows his top.  "Whatta
you?  Stupidda boy?  Whatsa matta you!"
	"Somma day, you maybe gonna getta married.  Then maybe somma day
you gonna comma home and finda you wife inna bed with another man.  Whatta
you gonna do then?  Looka atta you watch and say, `How longa you gonna be?'"


Space is big.  You just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly
big it is.  I mean, you may think it's a long way down the road to the
drug store, but that's just peanuts to space.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


The days just prior to marriage are like a snappy introduction
to a tedious book.


Earth is a beta site.


She's so tough she won't take 'yes' for an answer.


A nubile female virtually never experiences difficulty in finding willing
sexual partners, and in a natural habitat nubile females are probably always
married.  The basic female "strategy" is to obtain the best possible husband,
to be fertilized by the fittest available male (always, of course, taking
risk into account), and to maximize the returns on sexual favors bestowed:
to be sexually aroused by the sight of males would promote random matings,
thus undermining all of these aims, and would also waste time and energy
that could be spent in economically significant activities and in nurturing
children.  A female's reproductive success would be seriously compromised
by the propensity to be sexually aroused by the sight of males.
		-- Donald Symons, "The Evolution of Human Sexuality",
		   attempting to explain the lack of female interest in
		   pornography.


Delay is preferable to error.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Don't stop to stomp ants when the elephants are stampeding.


Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy.
		-- Charlie McCarthy


His great aim was to escape from civilization, and, as soon as he had
money, he went to Southern California.


Whatever women do they must do twice as well as men to be thought half
as good.  Luckily this is not difficult.
		-- Charlotte Whitton


My uncle was the town drunk -- and we lived in Chicago.
		-- George Gobel


QOTD:
	"I'll listen to reason when it comes out on CD."


I've touch'd the highest point of all my greatness;
And from that full meridian of my glory
I haste now to my setting.  I shall fall,
Like a bright exhalation in the evening
And no man see me more.
		-- William Shakespeare


"It's always the same," the girl sighed to her roommate after returning
in the wee, small hours.  "Afterward, I feel so compromised, so cheap, so
soiled... so absolutely wonderful from head to toe!"


Once upon a time there...


You've got to think about tomorrow!

TOMORROW!  I haven't even prepared for *_y_e_s_t_e_r_d_a_y* yet!


Si Dieu n'existait pas, il faudrait l'inventer.
		-- Voltaire


It's a dog-eat-dog world out there, and I'm wearing Milkbone underwear.
		-- Cheers


There is very little future in being right when your boss is wrong.


Men say of women what pleases them; women do with men what pleases them.
		-- DeSegur


At social gatherings, I would amuse everyone by standing uponst the
coffee table and striking meself repeatedly upon the head with a brick.
		-- H. R. Gumby


We should be glad we're living in the time that we are.  If any of us had been
born into a more enlightened age, I'm sure we would have immediately been taken
out and shot.
		-- Strange de Jim


Nature makes boys and girls lovely to look upon so they can be
tolerated until they acquire some sense.
		-- William Phelps


His heart was yours from the first moment that you met.


