Human kind cannot bear very much reality.
		-- T. S. Eliot, "Four Quartets: Burnt Norton"


The Dowager Duchess of Spout
Collapsed at the height of a rout;
	She found strength to say
	As they bore her away:
"I should never have taken the trout."
		-- Edward Gorey


If you want to put yourself on the map, publish your own map.


Gentlemen prefer blondes, but who says blondes prefer gentlemen?
		-- Mae West


The nearer to the church, the further from God.
		-- John Heywood


I drink to make other people interesting.
		-- George Jean Nathan


As me an' me marrer was readin' a tyape,
The tyape gave a shriek mark an' tried tae escyape;
It skipped ower the gyate tae the end of the field,
An' jigged oot the room wi' a spool an' a reel!
Follow the leader, Johnny me laddie,
Follow it through, me canny lad O;
Follow the transport, Johnny me laddie,
Away, lad, lie away, canny lad O!
		-- S. Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


Never trust anybody whose arm is bigger than your leg.


Ink, n.:
	A villainous compound of tannogallate of iron, gum-arabic, and
	water, chiefly used to facilitate the infection of idiocy and
	promote intellectual crime.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Official Project Stages:
	1. Uncritical Acceptance
	2. Wild Enthusiasm
	3. Dejected Disillusionment
	4. Total Confusion
	5. Search for the Guilty
	6. Punishment of the Innocent
	7. Promotion of the Non-participants


CALIFORNIA:
	From Latin 'calor', meaning "heat" (as in English 'calorie' or
	Spanish 'caliente'); and 'fornia', for "sexual intercourse" or
	"fornication." Hence:  Tierra de California, "the land of hot sex."
		-- Ed Moran, Covina, California


Wernher von Braun settled for a V-2 when he coulda had a V-8.


Only two of my personalities are schizophrenic, but one
of them is paranoid and the other one is out to get him.


(null cookie; hope that's ok)


Some changes are so slow, you don't notice them.
Others are so fast, they don't notice you.


Once again dread deed is done.
Canon sleeps,
his all-knowing eye shaded
to human chance and circumstance.
Peace reigns anew o'er Pine Valley,
but Canon's sleep is troubled.

Beware, scant days past the Ides of July.
Impatient hands wait eagerly
to grasp, to hold
scant moments of time
wrested from life in the full
glory of Canon's power;
held captive by his unblinking eye.

Three golden orbs stand watch;
one each to toll the day, hour, minute
until predestiny decrees his reawakening.
When that feared moment arrives,
"Ask not for whom the bell tolls,
It tolls for thee."
		-- "I extended the loan on your Camera, at the Pine
		   Valley Pawn Shop today"


Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States.  Ask
any Indian.
		-- Robert Orben

Immigration is the sincerest form of flattery.
		-- Jack Paar


GNU Make will no longer go into an infinite loop when fed the horrid
trash that passes for makefiles that `imake' produces (so you can
compile X, despite the extreme stubbornness and irrationality of its
maintainers).
		-- GNU Make 3.55 release notes


Life sucks, but death doesn't put out at all.
		-- Thomas J. Kopp


Our informal mission is to improve the love life of operators worldwide.
		-- Peter Behrendt, president of Exabyte


Cox's philosophy:
	Life's a bitch, then you die.


You will be misunderstood by everyone.


SCCS, the source motel!  Programs check in and never check out!
		-- Ken Thompson


I once met a lassie named Ruth
In a long distance telephone booth.
	Now I know the perfection
	Of an ideal connection
Even if somewhat uncouth.


Q:	What's the difference between a dog and a fox?
A:	About four drinks.


In Nature there are neither rewards nor
punishments, there are consequences.
		-- R. G. Ingersoll


But, Mousie, thou art no thy lane,
In proving foresight may be vain:
The best laid schemes o' mice an' men
Gang aft a-gley,
An' lea'e us nought but grief and pain
For promised joy.
		-- Robert Burns, "To a Mouse", 1785


When does summertime come to Minnesota, you ask?
Well, last year, I think it was a Tuesday.


Biology is the only science in which
multiplication means the same thing as division.


	On the occasion of Nero's 25th birthday, he arrived at the Colosseum
to find that the Praetorian Guard had prepared a treat for him in the arena.
There stood 25 naked virgins, like candles on a cake, tied to poles, burning
alive.  "Wonderful!" exclaimed the deranged emperor, "but one of them isn't
dead yet.  I can see her lips moving.  Go quickly and find out what she is
saying."
	The centurion saluted, and hurried out to the virgin, getting as near
the flames as he dared, and listened intently.  Then he turned and ran back
to the imperial box.  "She is not talking," he reported to Nero, "she is
singing."
	"Singing?" said the astounded emperor.  "Singing what?"
	"Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you..."


Where a calculator on the ENIAC is equipped with 18,000 vacuum tubes and
weighs 30 tons, computers in the future may have only 1,000 vacuum tubes
and perhaps weigh 1 1/2 tons.
		-- Popular Mechanics, March 1949


Waldheimers disease is what you have when you can't remember you were a Nazi.


Excessive login messages are a sure sign of senility.


Some men are alive simply because it is against the law to kill them.
		-- Edgar W. Howe


As long as the answer is right, who cares if the question is wrong?


Alimony is a system by which, when two people make a mistake, one of
them keeps paying for it.
		-- Peggy Joyce


I can remember when a good politician had to be 75 percent ability and
25 percent actor, but I can well see the day when the reverse could be
true.
		-- Harry S. Truman


While most peoples' opinions change,
the conviction of their correctness never does.


Don't have good ideas if you aren't willing to be responsible for them.


The good thing about masturbation is that you don't have to dress up for it.
		-- Truman Capote


If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner.
		-- Tallulah Bankhead


Systems programmer:
	A person in sandals who has been in the elevator with the senior
	vice president and is ultimately responsible for a phone call you
	are to receive from your boss.


Belief, n.:
	Something you do not believe.


Gravity brings me down.


You will be awarded a medal for disregarding safety in saving someone.


Q:	What's hard going in and soft and sticky coming out?
A:	Chewing gum.


Yesterday I was a dog.  Today I'm a dog.
Tomorrow I'll probably still be a dog.
Sigh!  There's so little hope for advancement.
		-- Snoopy


Without ice cream life and fame are meaningless.


Dames lie about anything -- just for practice.
		-- Raymond Chandler


QOTD:
	"I was a fifty-four-year-old virgin, but I'm all right now."


Never trust an operating system.


She was only a moonshiner's daughter, but I love her still.


A black cat crossing your path signifies
that the animal is going somewhere.
		-- Groucho Marx


Tonight's the night:  Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.


Hydrogen: A colorless, odorless, lighter than air gas which, given
time, turns into people.
		-- Harlow Shapley


Syntactic sugar causes cancer of the semicolon.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


Q:	Why did Ted Kennedy report the accident 8 hours after Mary
		Jo Kopechne drowned?
A:	Do you have any idea how hard it is to dress a woman underwater?


There is in certain living souls
A quality of loneliness unspeakable,
So great it must be shared
As company is shared by lesser beings.
Such a loneliness is mine; so know by this
That in immensity
There is one lonelier than you.


I'll be comfortable on the couch.  Famous last words.
		-- Lenny Bruce


Lies!  All lies!  You're all lying against my boys!
		-- Ma Barker


Go not to the elves for counsel, for they will say both yes and no.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


Why, Good Morning!  I'm the bluebird of fellatio!


I'm really enjoying not talking to you...
Let's not talk again REAL soon...


I once met a lassie named Ruth
In a long distance telephone booth.
	Now I know the perfection
	Of an ideal connection
Even if somewhat uncouth.


There seems no plan because it is all plan.
		-- C. S. Lewis


It's very glamorous to raise millions of dollars, until it's time for the
venture capitalist to suck your eyeballs out.
		-- Peter Kennedy, chairman of Kraft & Kennedy


What is now proved was once only imagin'd.
		-- William Blake


Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
		-- Albert Einstein


Inform all the troops that communications have completely broken down.


Your picture of the world often changes just before you get it into focus.


Hey, what do you expect from a culture that
*drives* on *parkways* and *parks* on *driveways*?
		-- Gallagher


We can found no scientific discipline, nor a healthy profession on the
technical mistakes of the Department of Defense and IBM.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


About the only thing on a farm that has an easy time is the dog.


If the colleges were better, if they really had it, you would need to get
the police at the gates to keep order in the inrushing multitude.  See in
college how we thwart the natural love of learning by leaving the natural
method of teaching what each wishes to learn, and insisting that you shall
learn what you have no taste or capacity for.  The college, which should
be a place of delightful labor, is made odious and unhealthy, and the
young men are tempted to frivolous amusements to rally their jaded spirits.
I would have the studies elective.  Scholarship is to be created not
by compulsion, but by awakening a pure interest in knowledge.  The wise
instructor accomplishes this by opening to his pupils precisely the
attractions the study has for himself.  The marking is a system for schools,
not for the college; for boys, not for men; and it is an ungracious work to
put on a professor.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #2
	Horses are forbidden to eat fire hydrants in Marshalltown, Iowa.


With a gentleman I try to be a gentleman and a half, and with a fraud I
try to be a fraud and a half.
		-- Otto von Bismarck


		The Three Major Kind of Tools

* Tools for hitting things to make them loose or to tighten them up or
  jar their many complex, sophisticated electrical parts in such a
  manner that they function perfectly.  (These are your hammers, maces,
  bludgeons, and truncheons.)

* Tools that, if dropped properly, can penetrate your foot.  (Awls)

* Tools that nobody should ever use because the potential danger is far
  greater than the value of any project that could possibly result.
  (Power saws, power drills, power staplers, any kind of tool that uses
  any kind of power more advanced than flashlight batteries.)
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Tim and I a hunting went
We found three damsels in a tent,
As they were three, and we were two,
I bucked one and Timbuktu.
		-- the only known poem using the word "Timbuktu"


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #7:

Q:  What happened then?
A:  He told me, he says, "I have to kill you because you can identify
    me."
Q:  Did he kill you?
A:  No.


Q:	What's the difference between a hold-up and a stick-up?
A:	Age.


Q:	What do you call a blind pre-historic animal?
A:	Diyathinkhesaurus.

Q:	What do you call a blind pre-historic animal with a dog?
A:	Diyathinkhesaurus Rex.


Worth seeing?
Yes, but not worth going to see.


If thine eye offends thee, pluck it out.
If thy dick offends thee, whack it off.


Truth will be out this morning.  (Which may really mess things up.)


Woman, n.:
	An animal usually living in the vicinity of Man, and
	having a rudimentary susceptibility to domestication.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The yankees, son, are up north.
The damnyankees are down here.


What I mean (and everybody else means) by the word QUALITY cannot be
broken down into subjects and predicates.  This is not because Quality
is so mysterious but because Quality is so simple, immediate, and direct.
		-- Robert Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"


My Bonnie looked into a gas tank,
The height of its contents to see!
She lit a small match to assist her,
Oh, bring back my Bonnie to me.


"And, you know, I mustn't preach to you, but surely it wouldn't be right for
you to take away people's pleasure of studying your attire, by just going
and making yourself like everybody else.  You feel that, don't you?"  said
he, earnestly.
		-- William Morris, "Notes from Nowhere"


Accept people for what they are -- completely unacceptable.


America, I'm putting my queer shoulder to the wheel.
		-- Allen Ginsberg


This sentence no verb.


With women, I've got a long bamboo pole with a leather loop on the end of
it.  I slip the loop around their necks so they can't get away or come too
close.  Like catching snakes.
		-- Marlon Brando


Really??  What a coincidence, I'm shallow too!!


One thing they don't tell you about doing experimental physics is that
sometimes you must work under adverse conditions... like a state of sheer
terror.
		-- W. K. Hartmann


panic: kernel trap (ignored)


Before marriage the three little words are "I love you," after marriage
they are "Let's eat out."


Charlie Brown:	Why was I put on this earth?
Linus:		To make others happy.
Charlie Brown:	Why were others put on this earth?


San Francisco isn't what it used to be, and it never was.
		-- Herb Caen


It gets late early out there.
		-- Yogi Berra


Man's horizons are bounded by his vision.


We don't have to protect the environment -- the Second Coming is at hand.
		-- James Watt, noted theologian


Wood is highly ecological, since trees are a renewable resource.  If
you cut down a tree, another will grow in its place.  And if you cut
down the new tree, still another will grow.  And if you cut down that
tree, yet another will grow, only this one will be a mutation with
long, poisonous tentacles and revenge in its heart, and it will sit
there in the forest, cackling and making elaborate plans for when you
come back.

Wood heat is not new.  It dates back to a day millions of years ago,
when a group of cavemen were sitting around, watching dinosaurs rot.
Suddenly, lightning struck a nearby log and set it on fire.  One of the
cavemen stared at the fire for a few minutes, then said: "Hey!  Wood
heat!"  The other cavemen, who did not understand English, immediately
beat him to death with stones.  But the key discovery had been made,
and from that day forward, the cavemen had all the heat they needed,
although their insurance rates went way up.
		-- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"


If you ever want to get anywhere in politics, my boy, you're going to
have to get a toehold in the public eye.


There's more than one way to skin a cat:
	#27 -- Use an electric sander.


%DCL-E-MEMBAD, bad memory
-SYSTEM-F-VMSPDGERS, pudding between the ears


That, that is, is.
That, that is not, is not.
That, that is, is not that, that is not.
That, that is not, is not that, that is.


Q:	How many Christians does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Three, but they're really only one.


Rating women on the Budweiser scale; the number
of Clydesdales it would take to pull you off her.


What they say:				What they mean:

A major technological breakthrough...	Back to the drawing board.
Developed after years of research	Discovered by pure accident.
Project behind original schedule due	We're working on something else.
	to unforeseen difficulties
Designs are within allowable limits	We made it, stretching a point or two.
Customer satisfaction is believed	So far behind schedule that they'll be
	assured					grateful for anything at all.
Close project coordination		We're gonna spread the blame, campers!
Test results were extremely gratifying	It works, and boy, were we surprised!
The design will be finalized...		We haven't started yet, but we've got
						to say something.
The entire concept has been rejected	The guy who designed it quit.
We're moving forward with a fresh	We hired three new guys, and they're
	approach				kicking it around.
A number of different approaches...	We don't know where we're going, but
						we're moving.
Preliminary operational tests are	Blew up when we turned it on.
	inconclusive
Modifications are underway		We're starting over.


They went rushing down that freeway,
Messed around and got lost.
They didn't care... they were just dying to get off,
And it was life in the fast lane.
		-- Eagles, "Life in the Fast Lane"


For thee the wonder-working earth puts forth sweet flowers.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


I have that old biological urge,
I have that old irresistible surge,
I'm hungry.


It may be bad manners to talk with your mouth full, but it isn't too
good either if you speak when your head is empty.


You should, without hesitation, pound your typewriter into a
plowshare, your paper into fertilizer, and enter agriculture.
		-- Business Professor, University of Georgia


Lack of money is the root of all evil.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


John Paul II is famous for his touring, and his quaint habit of pressing
his lips to foreign soil on his arrival.  This sparked some wit to remark:
	"The Pope has it backwards: he kisses the ground, and walks on
the women!"


If the shoe fits, it's ugly.


Why marry a virgin?  If she wasn't good enough for the rest of them
then she isn't good enough for you.


What's the use of a good quotation if you can't change it?
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


In Xanadu did Kubla Khan a stately pleasure dome decree
But only if the NFL to a franchise would agree.


"One basic notion underlying Usenet is that it is a cooperative."

Having been on USENET for going on ten years, I disagree with this.
The basic notion underlying USENET is the flame.
		-- Chuq Von Rospach


XML is like violence: if it doesn't solve your problem, you aren't using
enough of it.
		-- XML guru Chris Maden


He that composes himself is wiser than he that composes a book.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


There is a Massachusetts law requiring all dogs to have their hind legs
tied during the month of April.


Don't put too fine a point to your wit for fear it should get blunted.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


I appreciate the fact that this draft was done in haste, but some of the
sentences that you are sending out in the world to do your work for you are
loitering in taverns or asleep beside the highway.
		-- Dr. Dwight Van de Vate, Professor of Philosophy,
		   University of Tennessee at Knoxville


Any given program will expand to fill available memory.


HAPPINESS:
	Having your Herpes (Type II) test come back negative.


Disclaimer: Any resemblance between the above views and those of my
employer, my terminal, or the view out my window are purely
coincidental.  Any resemblance between the above and my own views is
non-deterministic.  The question of the existence of views in the
absence of anyone to hold them is left as an exercise for the reader.
The question of the existence of the reader is left as an exercise for
the second god coefficient.  (A discussion of non-orthogonal,
non-integral polytheism is beyond the scope of this article.)


All wars are civil wars, because all men are brothers ... Each one owes
infinitely more to the human race than to the particular country in
which he was born.
		-- Francois Fenelon


	Once upon a time there was a beautiful young girl taking a stroll
through the woods.  All at once she saw an extremely ugly bull frog seated
on a log and to her amazement the frog spoke to her.  "Maiden," croaked the
frog, "would you do me a favor?  This will be hard for you to believe, but
I was once a handsome, charming prince and then a mean, ugly old witch cast
a spell over me and turned me into a frog."
	"Oh, what a pity!", exclaimed the girl.  "I'll do anything I can to
help you break such a spell."
	"Well," replied the frog, "the only way that this spell can be
taken away is for some lovely young woman to take me home and let me spend
the night under her pillow."
	The young girl took the ugly frog home and placed him beneath her
pillow that night when she retired.  When she awoke the next morning, sure
enough, there beside her in bed was a very young, handsome man, clearly of
royal blood.  And so they lived happily ever after, except that to this day
her father and mother still don't believe her story.


Is it weird in here, or is it just me?
		-- Steven Wright


That's one small step for a man; one giant leap for mankind.
		-- Neil Armstrong


There is no need to do any housework at all.  After the first four years
the dirt doesn't get any worse.
		-- Quentin Crisp


Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	Good children always obey.
	Quit acting so childish.
	Boys don't cry.
	If you keep making faces, someday it'll freeze that way.
	Why do you have to know so much?
	This hurts me more than it hurts you.
	Why?  Because I'm bigger than you.
	Well, you've ruined everything.  Now are you happy?
	Oh, grow up.
	I'm only doing this because I love you.


Life is a game.  In order to have a game, something has to be more
important than something else.  If what already is, is more important
than what isn't, the game is over.  So, life is a game in which what
isn't, is more important than what is.  Let the good times roll.
		-- Werner Erhard


Hear that...
	there's an establishment near the White House that caters to kinky
	tastes?  There's a House whip in attendance, of course?


Afternoon very favorable for romance.  Try a single person for a change.


What sin has not been committed in the name of efficiency?


No matter what happens, there is always someone who knew it would.


A little inaccuracy saves a world of explanation.
		-- C. E. Ayres


It seems that there was this Christian about to be thrown to the lions.  He
was shoved into the middle of the arena and the lion was released.  Being
a good Christian, as the lion approached he knelt and prayed, asking God for
forgiveness for his (few) sins, and begging that the lion might be dissuaded
from eating him for its breakfast.  Much to his dismay, the lion didn't stop
but kept coming, getting faster and faster, now almost running, so the
Christian took off too.  There they were, running around and around the arena,
the lion getting closer and the Christian praying harder and harder between
gasps for breath.  The lions breath was now hot upon his heels and he could
even feel droplets of the lions saliva splashing on his bare feet.  So he
pulled out all the stops, promising God that if the lion will only spare him,
he will devote the rest of his life to spreading the Christian faith,
forsaking all temptation and possessions.  Suddenly he no longer felt the
lions breath, no longer heard the great beast's snarls close behind him.
Slowing to a stop, he turned around and saw the lion on its knees, eyes rolled
upward, paws held together.  The lion appeared to be muttering something so
the Christian approached until he could make out what the lion was saying.
	"Dear Lord, for what I am about to receive..."


Luck, that's when preparation and opportunity meet.
		-- P. E. Trudeau


	... This striving for excellence extends into people's
personal lives as well.  When '80s people buy something, they buy the
best one, as determined by (1) price and (2) lack of availability.
Eighties people buy imported dental floss.  They buy gourmet baking
soda.  If an '80s couple goes to a restaurant where they have made a
reservation three weeks in advance, and they are informed that their
table is available, they stalk out immediately, because they know it is
not an excellent restaurant.  If it were, it would have an enormous
crowd of excellence-oriented people like themselves waiting, their
beepers going off like crickets in the night.  An excellent restaurant
wouldn't have a table ready immediately for anybody below the rank of
Liza Minnelli.
		-- Dave Barry, "In Search of Excellence"


When angry, count four; when very angry, swear.
		-- Mark Twain


	During a grouse hunt in North Carolina two intrepid sportsmen
were blasting away at a clump of trees near a stone wall.  Suddenly a
red-faced country squire popped his head over the wall and shouted,
"Hey, you almost hit my wife."
	"Did I?"  cried the hunter, aghast.  "Terribly sorry.  Have a
shot at mine, over there."


The faster I go, the behinder I get.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #13 -- SLOBOL

	SLOBOL is best known for the speed, or lack of it, of its compiler.
Although many compilers allow you to take a coffee break while they compile,
SLOBOL compilers allow you to travel to Bolivia to pick the beans.  Forty-
three programmers are known to have died of boredom sitting at their terminals
while waiting for a SLOBOL program to compile.  Weary SLOBOL programmers
often turn to a related (but infinitely faster) language, COCAINE.


Women are nothing but machines for producing children.
		-- Napoleon


If only is was as easy to banish hunger by rubbing the belly as it is to
masturbate.
		-- Diogenes the Cynic


Whoever would lie usefully should lie seldom.


You are witty, charming, handsome and above average in length.


Circumstances rule men; men do not rule circumstances.
		-- Herodotus


What's done to children, they will do to society.


Other people don't give you orgasms; you have them, and they help you
cash them in.


I woke up this morning and discovered that everything in my apartment
had been stolen and replaced with an exact replica.  I told my roommate,
"Isn't this amazing?  Everything in the apartment has been stolen and
replaced with an exact replica."  He said, "Do I know you?"
		-- Steven Wright


Fie for shame, you lascivious, lewd, lecherous, libidinous, lustful,
licentious, dirty bum!!


If you wish to live wisely, ignore sayings -- including this one.


Over the shoulder supervision is more a
need of the manager than the programming task.


This system will self-destruct in five minutes.


There's nothing very mysterious about you, except that
nobody really knows your origin, purpose, or destination.


Chance is perhaps the work of God when He did not want to sign.
		-- Anatole France


My love runs by like a day in June,
	And he makes no friends of sorrows.
He'll tread his galloping rigadoon
	In the pathway or the morrows.
He'll live his days where the sunbeams start
	Nor could storm or wind uproot him.
My own dear love, he is all my heart --
	And I wish somebody'd shoot him.
		-- Dorothy Parker, part 3


Good day to avoid cops.  Crawl to school.


According to the obituary notices, a mean and unimportant person never
dies.


The operator's left hand quivered as she gingerly unlatched the
catch to the diskette reader.  Uncontrollably, she reached down,
guiding the sharply pointed diskette into the deep, dark slot.
The floppy diskette nearly folded under the repeated thrusts of
her hand, until finally she could control it no longer, her right
hand instinctively taking an option zero.  And then it all came at
once, thousands upon thousands of data bits flowing from diskette
to disk in a torrent of torrid transfer, as the helpless legs
of the 32 strained to remain on the floor.


Don't be overly suspicious where it's not warranted.


There is a good deal of solemn cant about the common interests of capital
and labour.  As matters stand, their only common interest is that of cutting
each other's throat.
		-- Brooks Atkinson, "Once Around the Sun"


Your love life will be happy and harmonious.


A failure will not appear until a unit has passed final inspection.


O imitators, you slavish herd!
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Everyone wants results, but no one is willing to do what it takes
to get them.
		-- Dirty Harry


Hofstadter's Law:
	It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take
	Hofstadter's Law into account.


A great nation is any mob of people which produces at least one honest
man a century.


All seems condemned in the long run
to approximate a state akin to Gaussian noise.
		-- James Martin


Do students of Zen Buddhism do Om-work?


Is this really happening?


The grass is always greener on the other side of your sunglasses.


Just remember: when you go to court, you are trusting your fate to
twelve people that weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty!


It's raisins that make Post Raisin Bran so raisiny ...


Q:	How many right-to-lifers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Two.  One to screw it in and one to say that light started when the
	screwing began.


I wrecked trains because I like to see people die.  I like to hear
them scream.
		-- Sylvestre Matuschka, "the Hungarian Train Wreck Freak",
		   escaped prison 1937, not heard from since


Hear about...
	the over-eager bride who came, walking down the aisle?


The first riddle I ever heard, one familiar to almost every Jewish
child, was propounded to me by my father:
	"What is it that hangs on the wall, is green, wet -- and
whistles?"
	I knit my brow and thought and thought, and in final perplexity
gave up.
	"A herring," said my father.
	"A herring," I echoed.  "A herring doesn't hang on the wall!"
	"So hang it there."
	"But a herring isn't green!"  I protested.
	"Paint it."
	"But a herring isn't wet."
	"If it's just painted it's still wet."
	"But -- " I sputtered, summoning all my outrage, "-- a herring
doesn't whistle!!"
	"Right, " smiled my father.  "I just put that in to make it
hard."
		-- Leo Rosten, "The Joys of Yiddish"


Of course, most people eventually give up bowling for sex.
The balls are lighter and you don't have to change your shoes.


The best laid plans of mice and men are usually about equal.
		-- Blair


The hope that springs eternal
Springs right up your behind.
		-- Ian Drury, "This Is What We Find"


