Any dramatic series the producers want us to take seriously as a
representation of contemporary reality cannot be taken seriously as a
representation of anything -- except a show to be ignored by anyone
capable of sitting upright in a chair and chewing gum simultaneously.
		-- Richard Schickel


Whether weary or unweary, O man, do not rest,
Do not cease your single-handed struggle.
Go on, do not rest.
		-- An old Gujarati hymn


Well, Jim, I'm not much of an actor either.


If I'd known computer science was going to be like this,
I'd never have given up being a rock 'n' roll star.
		-- G. Hirst


Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust.


If you are a police dog, where's your badge?
		-- Question James Thurber used to drive his German Shepherd
		   crazy.


LOVE:
	When you like to think of someone on days that begin with a morning.


	The old mailman is making his last rounds; he retires at the end of
the week.  As he approaches the Jones' house, Mrs. Jones greets him warmly at
the door.  "Please come in!  We're very grateful for your years of service to
us and our neighborhood.  I've prepared something special for you."
	In walks the mailman, to a graciously appointed dining room, where
Mrs. Jones has prepared a sumptuous lunch.  After dumping his letter satchel
on the couch, he and Mrs. Jones have a charming meal.  As the mailman finished
his last glass of wine, thanking his hostess profusely, she stops him from
leaving and disappears upstairs.  She returns in a moment, in a daring
negligee, and takes the astonished postman to the bedroom, where the elaborate
farewell is consummated between the sheets.
	As he's putting his pants on, Mrs. Jones reaches into her nightstand,
pulls out a dollar bill, and hands it to him.  Reacting to his astonished
look, she says, "Well, I told my husband that you were retiring and that
we should do something for you.  He said 'Fuck him.  Give him a dollar!'"
She pauses and smiles proudly. "The lunch was MY idea."


Perfection is finally attained, not when there is no longer
anything to add, but when there is no longer anything to take away.
		-- Antoine de Saint-Exupery


Q:	What do you do if an Irishman throws a pin at you?
A:	Run like hell, he's got a grenade in his mouth!!


It would save me a lot of time if you just gave up and went mad now.


Little Mary on the ice,
Went out to have a frisk,
Now wasn't little Mary nice,
Her pretty *?


How soon can you have sexual relations after your wife delivers?
Well, depends on if she's in a ward or a private room.


I'm So Miserable Without You It's Almost Like Having You Here
		-- Song title by Stephen Bishop

She Got the Gold Mine, I Got the Shaft
		-- Song title by Jerry Reed

When My Love Comes Back from the Ladies' Room Will I Be Too Old to Care?
		-- Song title by Lewis Grizzard

I Don't Know Whether to Kill Myself or Go Bowling
		-- Unattributed song title

Drop Kick Me, Jesus, Through the Goal Posts of Life
		-- Unattributed song title


Chemist who falls in acid is absorbed in work.


It's fabulous!  We haven't seen anything like it in the last half an hour!
		-- Macy's


Answer a fool according to his folly, lest he be wise in his own conceit.
		-- Proverbs 26:5


An actor's a guy who if you ain't talkin' about him, ain't listening.
		-- Marlon Brando


The only winner in the War of 1812 was Tchaikovsky.
		-- David Gerrold


It does not matter if you fall down as long as you
pick up something from the floor while you get up.


When I was a kid I said to my father one afternoon, "Daddy, will you
take me to the zoo?" He answered, "If the zoo wants you let them come
and get you."
		-- Jerry Lewis


Passion is that funny feeling that drives a man to
bite a woman's neck because she has beautiful legs.


Davis's Dictum:
	Problems that go away by themselves, come back by themselves.


I remember when legal used to mean lawful, now it means some
kind of loophole.
		-- Leo Kessler


Wesley:	I have in fact faced two vampires myself.  Under controlled
	circumstances of course.
Giles:	No danger of finding those here.
Wesley:	Vampires?
Giles:	Controlled circumstances.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Bad Girls"
		   Season 3, Episode 14


In case of fire, yell "FIRE!"


Ducks?  What ducks??


In an organization, each person rises to the level of his own
incompetency
		-- The Peter Principle


Lipstick on your dipstick told a tale on you,
Lipstick on your dipstick said you were untrue.
Bet your bottom dollar you and I are through,
'Cause lipstick on your dipstick told a tale on you.
		-- To the tune of "Lipstick On Your Collar"


A cannibal warrior is experiencing severe gastric distress, so he goes
to his Village Witch Doctor with his complaint.  The VWD examines him
and, concluding that something he ate disagreed with him, began to cross
examine him about his recent diet.
	"Well, I ate a missionary yesterday.  Do you think that could be
the problem?"
	The VWD says "Hmmmm."  (All doctors say "Hmmmm.")  "That could be.
Tell me a bit about this missionary."
	"Well, he was tall for a white man, wearing a brown robe.  He was
walking down the trail, not watching for danger, so I speared him, dragged
him home, cleaned him, boiled him and ate him."
	"Ah-hah!" (All doctors say "Ah-hah!")  There's your problem," smiles
the VWD.  You boiled him, but he was a friar!"


You never learned anything by doing it right.


Remember, God could only create the world in 6 days because he didn't
have an established user base.


Once, I read that a man be never stronger
than when he truly realizes how weak he is.
		-- Jim Starlin, "Captain Marvel #31"


If you don't count some of Jehovah's injunctions, there are no humorists
in the Bible.
		-- Mordecai Richler


I will not forget you.


George's friend Sam had a dog who could recite the Gettysburg Address.  "Let
me buy him from you," pleaded George after a demonstration.
	"Okay," agreed Sam.  "All he knows is that Lincoln speech anyway."
	At his company's Fourth of July picnic, George brought his new pet
and announced that the animal could recite the entire Gettysburg Address.
No one believed him, and they proceeded to place bets against the dog.
George quieted the crowd and said, "Now we'll begin!"  Then he looked at
the dog.  The dog looked back.  No sound.  "Come on, boy, do your stuff."
Nothing.  A disappointed George took his dog and went home.
	"Why did you embarrass me like that in front of everybody?" George
yelled at the dog.  "Do you realize how much money you lost me?"
	"Don't be silly, George," replied the dog.  "Think of the odds we're
gonna get on Labor Day."


Nobody knows the trouble I've been.


Your motives for doing whatever good deed you
may have in mind will be misinterpreted by somebody.


No wonder Clairol makes so much money selling shampoo.
Lather, Rinse, Repeat is an infinite loop!


Swap read error.  You lose your mind.


Passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life.
		-- Eric Hoffer


Academicians care, that's who.


All bridge hands are equally likely, but some are more equally likely
than others.
		-- Alan Truscott


It has long been an article of our folklore that too much knowledge or skill,
or especially consummate expertise, is a bad thing.  It dehumanizes those who
achieve it, and makes difficult their commerce with just plain folks, in whom
good old common sense has not been obliterated by mere book learning or fancy
notions.  This popular delusion flourishes now more than ever, for we are all
infected with it in the schools, where educationists have elevated it from
folklore to Article of Belief.  It enhances their self-esteem and lightens
their labors by providing theoretical justification for deciding that
appreciation, or even simple awareness, is more to be prized than knowledge,
and relating (to self and others), more than skill, in which minimum
competence will be quite enough.
		-- The Underground Grammarian


Come, let us hasten to a higher plane,
Where dyads tread the fairy fields of Venn,
Their indices bedecked from one to _n,
Commingled in an endless Markov chain!
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


For God's sake, stop researching for a while and begin to think!


MANAGEMENT:
	The art of getting other people to do all the work.


You always have the option of pitching baseballs at empty
spray paint cans in a cul-de-sac in a Cleveland suburb.


Don't believe everything you hear or anything you say.


Not that we needed all that stuff, but when you get locked into a
serious drug collection the tendency is to push it as far as you can.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas"


The one sure way to make a lazy man look
respectable is to put a fishing rod in his hand.


Love your neighbour, yet don't pull down your hedge.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


We love our little Johnny
He's the best little boy in all the world
And we wouldn't trade him for anything
That's how much we love him.
No, we couldn't live without him
So that's why, since he died,
We keep him safe in our G.E. freezer.
He's so good, so well-behaved,
Even better than before;
Oh, such a wonderful kid he is.
Alice and me, we'll never be lonely,
Never miss our little Johnny,
He'll never grow up and leave us
That's why we love him like we do.
		-- Mr. Mincemeat


Man's lust for a bust is hardly recent,
Some say not even indecent.
But if you lust,
It's a must!


Some people cause happiness wherever
they go; others, whenever they go.


Get in touch with your feelings of hostility against the dying light.
		-- Dylan Thomas


Power corrupts.  Powerpoint corrupts absolutely.
		-- Vint Cerf


Reality does not exist - yet.


TAKE FORCEFUL ACTION:
	Do something that should have been done a long time ago.


They seem to have learned the habit of cowering before authority even when
not actually threatened.  How very nice for authority.  I decided not to
learn this particular lesson.
		-- Richard Stallman


The trouble with being poor is that it takes up all your time.


I saw what you did and I know who you are.


Well, we're big rock singers, we've got golden fingers,
And we're loved everywhere we go.
We sing about beauty, and we sing about truth,
At ten thousand dollars a show.
We take all kind of pills to give us all kind of thrills,
But the thrill we've never known,
Is the thrill that'll get'cha, when you get your picture,
On the cover of the Rolling Stone.

I got a freaky old lady, name of Cole King Katie,
Who embroiders on my jeans.
I got my poor old gray-haired daddy,
Drivin' my limousine.
Now it's all designed, to blow our minds,
But our minds won't be really be blown;
Like the blow that'll get'cha, when you get your picture,
On the cover of the Rolling Stone.

We got a lot of little, teen-aged, blue-eyed groupies,
Who'll do anything we say.
We got a genuine Indian guru, that's teachin' us a better way.
We got all the friends that money can buy,
So we never have to be alone.
And we keep gettin' richer, but we can't get our picture,
On the cover of the Rolling Stone.
		-- Dr. Hook and the Medicine Show
		   [They eventually DID make the cover of RS. Ed.]


God made machine language; all the rest is the work of man.


The Pope is working on a crossword puzzle one Sunday afternoon.  He stops
for a moment, scratches his forehead, then asks a Cardinal, "Can you think
of a four-letter word for `woman' that ends in `u-n-t'?"
	"Aunt," replies the Cardinal.
	"Say, thanks," says the Pope.  "You got an eraser?"


UNFAIR COMPETITION:
	Selling cheaper than we do.


The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one
persists in trying to adapt the world to himself.  Therefore all
progress depends on the unreasonable man.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Don't abandon hope.
Your Captain Midnight decoder ring arrives tomorrow.


Remember, if it's being done correctly, here or abroad, it's
*not* the U.S. Army doing it!
		-- "Good Morning, Vietnam"


Herth's Law:
	He who turns the other cheek too far gets it in the neck.


Likewise, the national appetizer, brine-cured herring with raw onions,
wins few friends, Germans excepted.
		-- Darwin Porter, "Scandinavia On $50 A Day"


He has been known by many names;  the Prince of Lies, the Director, Lucifer,
Belial, and once, at a party, some obnoxious drunk kept calling him "Dude".
		-- Stig's Inferno


The reason we come up with new versions is not to fix bugs.  It's
absolutely not.
		-- Bill Gates


Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it.
		-- Marvin, from
		   Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


