The capacity of human beings to bore one another seems to be vastly
greater than that of any other animals.  Some of their most esteemed
inventions have no other apparent purpose, for example, the dinner
party of more than two, the epic poem, and the science of metaphysics.
		-- H. L. Mencken


The temperature of Heaven can be rather accurately computed from available
data.  Our authority is Isaiah 30:26, "Moreover, the light of the Moon
shall be as the light of the Sun and the light of the Sun shall be sevenfold,
as the light of seven days."  Thus Heaven receives from the Moon as much
radiation as we do from the Sun, and in addition seven times seven (49) times
as much as the Earth does from the Sun, or fifty times in all.  The light we
receive from the Moon is one ten-thousandth of the light we receive from the
Sun, so we can ignore that.  With these data we can compute the temperature
of Heaven.  The radiation falling on Heaven will heat it to the point where
the heat lost by radiation is just equal to the heat received by radiation,
i.e., Heaven loses fifty times as much heat as the Earth by radiation.  Using
the Stefan-Boltzmann law for radiation, (H/E)^4 = 50, where E is the absolute
temperature of the earth (~300K), gives H as 798K (525C).  The exact
temperature of Hell cannot be computed, but it must be less than 444.6C, the
temperature at which brimstone or sulphur changes from a liquid to a gas.
Revelations 21:8 says "But the fearful, and unbelieving ... shall have their
part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone."  A lake of molten
brimstone means that its temperature must be at or below the boiling point,
or 444.6C  (Above this point it would be a vapor, not a lake.)  We have,
then, that Heaven, at 525C is hotter than Hell at 445C.
		-- "Applied Optics", vol. 11, A14, 1972


Death before dishonor.
But neither before breakfast.


Necessity hath no law.
		-- Oliver Cromwell


Did you hear about the nearsighted fetishist who got off on the wrong foot?


Actor			Real Name

Boris Karloff		William Henry Pratt
Cary Grant		Archibald Leach
Edward G. Robinson	Emmanual Goldenburg
Gene Wilder		Gerald Silberman
John Wayne		Marion Morrison
Kirk Douglas		Issur Danielovitch
Richard Burton		Richard Jenkins, Jr.
Roy Rogers		Leonard Slye
Woody Allen		Allen Stewart Konigsberg


Don't expect people to keep in step--
it's hard enough just staying in line.


If you would understand your own age, read the works
of fiction produced in it.  People in disguise speak freely.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(13) To dictatorships, peace means the absence of opposition.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Don't hate yourself in the morning -- sleep till noon.


Never settle with words what you can accomplish with a flame thrower.


User, n.:
	A programmer who will believe anything you tell him.


She can kill all your files;
She can freeze with a frown.
And a wave of her hand brings the whole system down.
And she works on her code until ten after three.
She lives like a bat but she's always a hacker to me.
		-- Apologies to Billy Joel


The number of feet in a yard is directly proportional to the success
of the barbecue.


Somewhere on this globe, every ten seconds, there is a
woman giving birth to a child.  She must be found and stopped.
		-- Sam Levenson


Bureau Termination, Law of:
	When a government bureau is scheduled to be phased out,
	the number of employees in that bureau will double within
	12 months after the decision is made.


Your first husband was the one you married while firmly believing that
there are more important things in life than great sex.


Automobile, n.:
	A four-wheeled vehicle that runs up hills and down
	pedestrians.


Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"

Whenever one person is found adequate to the discharge of a duty by
close application thereto, it is worse execute by two persons and
scarcely done at all if three or more are employed therein.
		-- George Washington (1732-1799)


Are you a turtle?


RYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRY
RY								RY
RY  WELCOME TO THE BABBAGE ANALYTICAL TIMESHARING SERVICE	RY
RY  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *	RY
RY								RY
RY  PLEASE NOTE THAT THE INTEGRATOR IS CURRENTLY UNAVAILABLE    RY
RY  DUE TO THE WEEKLY GREASING SCHEDULE. WOULD ALL USERS KINDLY RY
RY  RETURN ANY UNUSED PLUGBOARDS, AS THE PROGRAMMING TEAM ARE   RY
RY  RUNNING LOW. DIVISION UNIT 3 WILL BE OUT OF ACTION UNTIL    RY
RY  THURSDAY DUE TO EMERGENCY COG REPLACEMENT - PLEASE ENSURE   RY
RY  THAT YOUR PROGRAM DOES NOT ATTEMPT TO DIVIDE BY ZERO AS	RY
RY  THIS CAN CAUSE SEVERE DAMAGE (INCLUDING SHAFT BREAKAGES).   RY
RY								RY
RYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRY
.
.
SYSTEM READY.
?
		-- Chris Suslowicz


Pity the meek, for they shall inherit the earth.
		-- Don Marquis


I give you the man who -- the man who -- uh, I forgets the man who?
		-- Beauregard Bugleboy


President Reagan has noted that there are too many economic
pundits and forecasters and has decided on an excess prophets tax.


Save a little money each month and at the end of the year you'll be
surprised at how little you have.
		-- Ernest Haskins


Happiness, n.:
	Finding the owner of a lost bikini.


The abuse of greatness is when it disjoins remorse from power.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"


You've been telling me to relax all the way here,
and now you're telling me just to be myself?
		-- The Return of the Secaucus Seven


	When you see someone across the room and suddenly know for a fact
that he's the most wonderful man on earth, you've got instant lust on your
hands.  Something about the way his tie is knotted is infinitely intriguing
to you, and the swell of his bicep causes inner turmoil.  This is a happy
but fleeting state of affairs.  Usually your feelings die about thirty
seconds after you get up the courage to ask him for the time, since almost
invariably he can't speak English, and if he can, he always says, "Why,
sure, little lady, it's eleven-thirty.  Wanna get high?
	Don't bother thinking that instant lust will turn into the real thing.
It may, but then you may also wake up one morning to find you're the Queen of
Romania.
		-- Cynthia Hemiel, "Sex Tips for Girls"


Harvard Law:
	Under the most rigorously controlled conditions of pressure,
	temperature, volume, humidity, and other variables, the
	organism will do as it damn well pleases.


He who hesitates is last.


Everyone in the office is welcome to join the group going to the Columbus
Theater tonight.  Meet in the lobby at 8:30.  The films are "Blue Jennifer"
and "Hot Coed Cheerleaders".


If God had meant for us to be naked, we would have been born that way.


I don't drink, I don't like it, it makes me feel too good.
		-- K. Coates


Plots are like girdles.  Hidden, they hold your interest; revealed, they're
of no interest except to fetishists. Like girdles, they attempt to contain
an uncontainable experience.
		-- R. S. Knapp


'Twas orgy, and the hip and mod		And as in raffish thought he sprawled,
Did groove and trip out at the pad:	The Radcliffe girl, no idle flirt,
All whimsy were the slamming chicks,	Crept past the hippies getting balled
And the Radcliffe undergrad.		And doffed her miniskirt.

"Beware the Radcliffe girl, my son!	One, two!  One, two!  And through
The looks that melt, the claws that		and through
	catch!				The venerable staff went snicker-snack!
Beware the Byrn Mawr deb, and shun	He left her bred, sans maidenhead,
The uppity Wellesleysnatch!"		And went galumphing back.

He took his venerable staff in hand:	"And hast thou laid the Radcliffe girl?
Long time the cool young stuff he	Come to my arms, my horny boy!
	sought --			O spaced-out day!  Calooh!  Callay!"
So rested he among the spree		He cackled in his joy.
And paused to smoke some pot.
					'Twas orgy, and the hip and mod
					Did groove and trip out at the pad:
					All whimsy were the slamming chicks,
					And the Radcliffe undergrad.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#15

Sex:
	Women prefer 30-40 minutes of foreplay.  Men prefer 30-40 seconds of
foreplay.  Men consider driving back to her place as part of the foreplay.

Maturity:
	Women mature much faster than men.  Most 17-year-old females can
function as adults.  Most 17-year-old males are still trading baseball cards
and giving each other wedgies after gym class.  This is why high school
romances rarely work out.

Handwriting:
	To their credit, men do not decorate their penmanship.  They just
chicken-scratch.  Women use scented, colored stationary and they dot their
"i's" with circles and hearts.  Women use ridiculously large loops in their
"p's" and "g's".  It is a royal pain to read a note from a woman.  Even
when she's dumping you, she'll put a smiley face at the end of the note.


I don't mind what Congress does, as long as they don't do it in the
streets and frighten the horses.
		-- Victor Hugo


History has much to say on following the proper procedures.  From a history
of the Mexican revolution:

	"Hildago was later defeated at Guadalajara.  The rebel army was
captured on its way through the mountains.  All were courtmartialed and
shot, except Hildago, because he was a priest.  He was handed over to
the bishop of Durango who excommunicated him and returned him to the
army where he was then executed."


You need only reflect that one of the best ways to get yourself a
reputation as a dangerous citizen these days is to go about repeating
the very phrases which our founding fathers used in the struggle for
independence.
		-- Charles A. Beard


It's lucky you're going so slowly, because
you're going in the wrong direction.


	There was a mad scientist (a mad... social... scientist) who kidnapped
three colleagues, an engineer, a physicist, and a mathematician, and locked
each of them in separate cells with plenty of canned food and water but no
can opener.
	A month later, returning, the mad scientist went to the engineer's
cell and found it long empty.  The engineer had constructed a can opener from
pocket trash, used aluminum shavings and dried sugar to make an explosive,
and escaped.
	The physicist had worked out the angle necessary to knock the lids
off the tin cans by throwing them against the wall.  She was developing a good
pitching arm and a new quantum theory.
	The mathematician had stacked the unopened cans into a surprising
solution to the kissing problem; his desiccated corpse was propped calmly
against a wall, and this was inscribed on the floor:
	Theorem: If I can't open these cans, I'll die.
	Proof: assume the opposite...


When it all boils down to the essence of truth one must live by a dog's
rule of life: if you can't eat it or fuck it, piss on it!


One, two, three, four
What are we fighting for?
Don't ask me I don't give a damn.
Next stop is Vietnam.
Five, six, seven, eight
Open up the pearly gates.
Ain't no time to wonder why
Whoopie!  We're all going to die.
		-- Country Joe and the Fish


Next Friday will not be your lucky day.
As a matter of fact, you don't have a lucky day this year.


Your mode of life will be changed for
the better because of new developments.


Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what do you say to a cold one?
Norm:  See you later, Vera, I'll be at Cheers.
		-- Cheers, Norm's Last Hurrah

Sam:	Well, look at you.  You look like the cat that
	swallowed the canary.
Norm:	And I need a beer to wash him down.
		-- Cheers, Norm's Last Hurrah

Woody:  Would you like a beer, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   No, I'd like a dead cat in a glass.
		-- Cheers, Little Carla, Happy at Last, Part 2


G. B. Shaw to William Douglas Home: "Go on writing plays, my boy.  One
of these days a London producer will go into his office and say to his
secretary, `Is there a play from Shaw this morning?' and when she says
`No,' he will say, `Well, then we'll have to start on the rubbish.' And
that's your chance, my boy."


You're reasoning is excellent -- it's
only your basic assumptions that are wrong.


It's recently come to Fortune's attention that scientists have stopped
using laboratory rats in favor of attorneys.  Seems that there are not
only more of them, but you don't get so emotionally attached.  The only
difficulty is that it's sometimes difficult to apply the experimental
results to humans.

	[Also, there are some things even a rat won't do.  Ed.]


I go the way that Providence dictates.
		-- Adolf Hitler


IV. The time required for an object to fall twenty stories is greater than or
    equal to the time it takes for whoever knocked it off the ledge to
    spiral down twenty flights to attempt to capture it unbroken.
	Such an object is inevitably priceless, the attempt to capture it
	inevitably unsuccessful.
 V. All principles of gravity are negated by fear.
	Psychic forces are sufficient in most bodies for a shock to propel
	them directly away from the earth's surface.  A spooky noise or an
	adversary's signature sound will induce motion upward, usually to
	the cradle of a chandelier, a treetop, or the crest of a flagpole.
	The feet of a character who is running or the wheels of a speeding
	auto need never touch the ground, especially when in flight.
VI. As speed increases, objects can be in several places at once.
	This is particularly true of tooth-and-claw fights, in which a
	character's head may be glimpsed emerging from the cloud of
	altercation at several places simultaneously.  This effect is common
	as well among bodies that are spinning or being throttled.  A "wacky"
	character has the option of self-replication only at manic high
	speeds and may ricochet off walls to achieve the velocity required.
		-- Esquire, "O'Donnell's Laws of Cartoon Motion", June 1980


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(20) There is a God.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


-- THE BATES MOTEL --
					... convenient
					...	clean
					...	cozy

	Norman, knock loudly,
	     I'm in the shower.

		M.


It takes all kinds to fill the freeways.
		-- Crazy Charlie


Cops never say good-bye.  They're always hoping to see you again in the
line-up.
		-- Raymond Chandler


	A proper elderly English couple visiting Australia decided to hire a
car to take a look at the outback.  "We know it's rough country, but it's safe
and decent, isn't it?" the husband inquired of the rental-agency manager.
Upon being assured that it was, the couple drove off.
	Later that day, they returned, upset and angry.  "You said it was
decent country," the Englishwoman upbraided the rental agent, "but we hadn't
driven too far when we saw a man in a field copulating with a kangaroo!"
	"And not too long after that," complained her husband, "a one-legged
aborigine leaning against a tree by the side of the road grinningly waved
at us with one hand while he brazenly masturbated himself with the other!"
	"Guv'nor," responded the Aussie, "yer wouldn't expect a poor bugger
like that, with only one leg, to catch a 'roo, would you?"


From the pages of Open Systems Today - October 13, 1994 ..........

	"The International Standards Organization (ISO) and the
	International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) designated
	October 14 as World Standards Day to recognize those
	volunteers who have worked hard to define international
	standards.......The United States celebrated World Standards
	Day on October 11; Finland celebrated on October 13; and
	Italy celebrated on October 18."


	The way my jeweler explained it, it's like insurance.
	Six months' pay isn't much to keep my wife from sleeping around.

A diamond -- pure, sparkling, natural, flawless, forever.  The way marriage
should be but never quite is.  People grow and change and sometimes want to
take their clothes off with strangers.  So when you invest in a fine piece
of diamond jewelry, you're not only making an investment, you're making a
statement.  You're telling the woman you love that you've just spent a lot
of your hard-earned money on her.  Now she owes you the kind of loyalty that
only precious jewelry can buy.  Isn't she worth it?

	The Honeymoon's Over:			from $ 5000
	The Seven Year Itch:			from $10000
	No More Lunchtime Quickies:		from $15000
	Divorce Would Be More Expensive:	from $42000

			A diamond is for leverage.  BeDears


RYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRY
RY								RY
RY  WELCOME TO THE BABBAGE ANALYTICAL TIMESHARING SERVICE	RY
RY  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *	RY
RY								RY
RY  PLEASE NOTE THAT THE INTEGRATOR IS CURRENTLY UNAVAILABLE    RY
RY  DUE TO THE WEEKLY GREASING SCHEDULE. WOULD ALL USERS KINDLY RY
RY  RETURN ANY UNUSED PLUGBOARDS, AS THE PROGRAMMING TEAM ARE   RY
RY  RUNNING LOW. DIVISION UNIT 3 WILL BE OUT OF ACTION UNTIL    RY
RY  THURSDAY DUE TO EMERGENCY COG REPLACEMENT - PLEASE ENSURE   RY
RY  THAT YOUR PROGRAM DOES NOT ATTEMPT TO DIVIDE BY ZERO AS	RY
RY  THIS CAN CAUSE SEVERE DAMAGE (INCLUDING SHAFT BREAKAGES).   RY
RY								RY
RYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRY
.
.
SYSTEM READY.
?
		-- Chris Suslowicz


QOTD:
	"In the shopping mall of the mind, he's in the toy department."


Art is a lie which makes us realize the truth.
		-- Picasso


Why I am an atheist:

1. Atheists do not believe in higher powers.
2. God is the highest power.
3. Therefore, God must be an atheist.
4. We should all strive to be like God.
5. We should all be atheists.


All hope abandon, ye who enter here!
		-- Dante Alighieri


There are two trees in the forest.  They are very proud trees.  One day
they notice a sapling half-way between them.
	One tree proclaims, "That is a son of beech!"
	"No, that is a son of a birch!" insists the other.
	"A son of a BEECH!"
	"A son of a BIRCH!"
	"Son of a beech!"
	"Son of a birch!"

The fighting attracts a woodpecker who informs them that he can tell what
kind of tree the sapling is by its taste.  First he tastes the beech and
the birch.  Then he tastes the sapling.  "Well now, is that a son of a
beech or a son of a birch?" asks the beech.
	"You're both wrong!" says the bird.  "That's the best piece of ash
I've had my pecker in for a long time!"


To the systems programmer, users and applications serve only to provide
a test load.


I'm just as sad as sad can be!
	I've missed your special date.
Please say that you're not mad at me
	My tax return is late.
		-- Modern Lines for Modern Greeting Cards


If you see an onion ring -- answer it!


Hanson's Treatment of Time:
	There are never enough hours in a day,
	but always too many days before Saturday.


FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #2

	Never goose a wolverine.


He had occasional flashes of silence that made his conversation
perfectly delightful.
		-- Sydney Smith


When a lion meets another with a louder roar,
the first lion thinks the last a bore.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


The future is a myth created by insurance
salesmen and high school counselors.


It was almost closing time when a male patron who had been getting the
frosty treatment from a girl at the end of the bar called to the
bartender and said, "Give that bitchy douche bag over there one on me."
	"We discourage that sort of language here, sir," the bartender
answered sternly.
	"OK, OK. Serve the lady a cocktail with my compliments."
	The bartender approached the female in question.  "The, uh, gentleman
at the other end of the bar would like to buy you a drink, miss.  What would
you like?"
	"Vinegar and water."


If you would keep a secret from an enemy, tell it not to a friend.


A man would still do something out of sheer perversity - he would create
destruction and chaos - just to gain his point... and if all this could in
turn be analyzed and prevented by predicting that it would occur, then man
would deliberately go mad to prove his point.
		-- Feodor Dostoevsky, "Notes From the Underground"


	Youth is not a time of life--it is a state of mind. It is not a
matter of red cheeks, red lips and supple knees. It is a temper of the
will; a quality of the imagination; a vigor of the emotions; it is a
freshness of the deep springs of life.  Youth means a tempermental
predominance of courage over timidity, of the appetite for adventure
over a life of ease.  This often exists in a man of fifty, more than in
a boy of twenty.  Nobody grows old by merely living a number of years;
people grow old by deserting their ideals.

	Years may wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles
the soul.  Worry, doubt, self-distrust, fear and despair--these are the
long, long years that bow the head and turn the growing spirit back to
dust.

	Whether seventy or sixteen, there is in every being's heart a
love of wonder; the sweet amazement at the stars and starlike things and
thoughts; the undaunted challenge of events, the unfailing childlike
appetite for what comes next, and the joy in the game of life.

	You are as young as your faith, as old as your doubt; as young
as your self-confidence, as old as your fear, as young as your hope, as
old as your despair.

	In the central place of your heart there is a wireless station.
So long as it receives messages of beauty, hope, cheer, grandeur,
courage, and power from the earth, from men and from the Infinite--so
long are you young.  When the wires are all down and the central places
of your heart are covered with the snows of pessimism and the ice of
cynicism, then are you grown old, indeed!
		-- Samuel Ullman, "Youth" (1934), as published in
		   The Silver Treasury, Prose and Verse for Every Mood


Q:	If Tarzan was Jewish, and Jane was a princess, what would
	Cheetah be?
A:	A fur coat.


What can you use used tampons for?  Tea bags for vampires.


A huge Rambolike fellow walked into a tavern and took a seat in the middle of
the bar.  After downing a double in one gulp, he glared at the six men to his
right and said, "You're all no-good motherfuckers.  Anyone have a problem with
that?"
	When no one said a word, the brawny fellow ordered another whiskey,
downed it in one gulp, turned to the five men on his left and said, "You're
all cocksuckers.  Anyone have a problem with that?"
	Everybody on the left stared silently into his drink.  Suddenly, a man
on the right stood up and started walking toward the big guy.  "Hey, asshole!"
the thug bellowed.  "You got a problem with what I said?"
	"No problem at all," came the reply.  "I was just sitting at the wrong
end of the bar."


If men couldn't fuck there'd be a bounty on their heads.


Confucius say:
	man who screws near graveyard is fucking near dead.
	man who fishes in other man's well often catch crabs.
	man and mouse the same, both end up in pussy.
	boy who play with himself pulls boner.
	woman who cooks carrots and pees in same pot very unsanitary.
	man who marry girl with no bust has right to feel low down.
	man who sleeps with old hen finds it's better than pullet.
	man with hole in pocket feel cocky all day.
	man who lie under car, get tired
	man who stand behind car, get exhausted.


CONSULTANT:
	[From con "to defraud, dupe, swindle," or, possibly, French con
	(vulgar) "a person of little merit" + sult elliptical form of
	"insult."]  A tipster disguised as an oracle, especially one who
	has learned to decamp at high speed in spite of a large briefcase
	and heavy wallet.


If you have to hate, hate gently.


You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.


You can get *anywhere* in ten minutes if you drive fast enough.


Your boyfriend takes chocolate from strangers.


He who slings mud generally loses ground.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


If God doesn't destroy San Francisco,
He should apologize to Sodom and Gomorrah.


Es brilig war.  Die schlichte Toven
	Wirrten und wimmelten in Waben;
Und aller-m"umsige Burggoven
	Dir mohmen R"ath ausgraben.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


	Once upon a time there were three brothers who were knights
in a certain kingdom.  And, there was a Princess in a neighboring kingdom
who was of marriageable age.  Well, one day, in full armour, their horses,
and their page, the three brothers set off to see if one of them could
win her hand.  The road was long and there were many obstacles along the
way, robbers to be overcome, hard terrain to cross.  As they coped with
each obstacle they became more and more disgusted with their page.  He was
not only inept, he was a coward, he could not handle the horses, he was,
in short, a complete flop.  When they arrived at the court of the kingdom,
they found that they were expected to present the Princess with some
treasure.  The two older brothers were discouraged, since they had not
thought of this and were unprepared.  The youngest, however, had the
answer:  Promise her anything, but give her our page.


To be is to be related.
		-- C. J. Keyser


There are only six Democrats in all of Hinsdale County and you, you son of
a bitch, you ate five of them.
		-- Colorado judge, sentencing Alfred E. Packer for
		   cannibalism in 1874.


Prizes are for children.
		-- Charles Ives,
		   upon being given, but refusing, the Pulitzer prize


	COONDOG MEMORY
	(heard in Rutledge, Missouri, about eighteen years ago)

Now, this dog is for sale, and she can not only follow a trail twice as
old as the average dog can, but she's got a pretty good memory to boot.
For instance, last week this old boy who lives down the road from me, and
is forever stinkmouthing my hounds, brought some city fellow around to
try out ol' Sis here.  So I turned her out south of the house and she made
two or three big swings back and forth across the edge of the woods, set
back her head, bayed a couple of times, cut straight through the woods,
come to a little clearing, jumped about three foot straight up in the air,
run to the other side, and commenced to letting out a racket like she had
something treed.  We went over there with our flashlights and shone them
up in the tree but couldn't catch no shine offa coon's eyes, and my
neighbor sorta indicated that ol' Sis might be a little crazy, `cause she
stood right to the tree and kept singing up into it.  So I pulled off my
coat and climbed up into the branches, and sure enough, there was a coon
skeleton wedged in between a couple of branches about twenty foot up.
Now as I was saying, she can follow a pretty old trail, but this fellow
was still calling her crazy or touched `cause she had hopped up in the
air while she was crossing the clearing, until I reminded him that the
Hawkins' had a fence across there about five years back.  Now, this dog
is for sale.
		-- News that stayed News: Ten Years of Coevolution Quarterly


Chamberlain's Laws:
	1: The big guys always win.
	2: Everything tastes more or less like chicken.


I lay my head on the railroad tracks,
Waitin' for the double E.
The railroad don't run no more.
Poor poor pitiful me.			[chorus]
	Poor poor pitiful me, poor poor pitiful me.
	These young girls won't let me be,
	Lord have mercy on me!
	Woe is me!

Well, I met a girl, West Hollywood,
Well, I ain't naming names.
But she really worked me over good,
She was just like Jesse James.
She really worked me over good,
She was a credit to her gender.
She put me through some changes, boy,
Sort of like a Waring blender.		[chorus]

I met a girl at the Rainbow Bar,
She asked me if I'd beat her.
She took me back to the Hyatt House,
I don't want to talk about it.		[chorus]
		-- Warren Zevon, "Poor Poor Pitiful Me"


Joe's sister puts spaghetti in her shoes!


COMPLIMENT:
	When you say something to another which everyone knows isn't true.


Vail's Second Axiom:
	The amount of work to be done increases in proportion to the
	amount of work already completed.


The little old lady rushed into the taxidermist and unwrapped a package
containing two recently deceased monkeys.  Her instructions to the proprietor
were delivered in a welter of tears.
	"Favorite pets... (blubber,sob)... caught cold... (moan)...  Don't
see how I'll live without them... (weep,sob)... want to have them stuffed...
(blubber,blubber)!"
	"Of course, madam," said the proprietor in an understanding voice,
"and would you care to have them mounted?"
	"Oh, no," she sobbed, "shaking hands.  They were just close friends."


You will be married within a year.


I prefer the most unjust peace to the most righteous war.
		-- Cicero

Even peace may be purchased at too high a price.
		-- Poor Richard


Pound for pound, the amoeba is the most vicious animal on earth.


I'd never join any club that would have the likes of me as a member.
		-- Groucho Marx


Your computer account is overdrawn.  Please see Big Brother.


A classic is something that everybody wants to have read
and nobody wants to read.
		-- Mark Twain quoting Professor Winchester,
		   "The Disappearance of Literature"


You love peace.


For I swore I would stay a year away from her; out and alas!
but with break of day I went to make supplication.
		-- Paulus Silentarius, c. 540 A.D.


There is, in fact, no reason to believe that any given natural phenomenon,
however marvelous it may seem today, will remain forever inexplicable.
Soon or late the laws governing the production of life itself will be
discovered in the laboratory, and man may set up business as a creator
on his own account.  The thing, indeed, is not only conceivable; it is
even highly probable.
		-- H. L. Mencken, 1930


Newlywed groom:
	Honey, I have something to confess to you.  I'm a golfer.
	You'll never see me on Tuesday nights, Thursday nights,
	and weekends.  I'm sorry.
Newlywed bride:
	I have something even worse to confess, dear.  I'm a hooker.
Groom:
	Oh, honey, that's no problem!  Just keep your head low and follow
	through...


Thinks't thou existence doth depend on time?
It doth; but actions are our epochs; mine
Have made my days and nights imperishable,
Endless, and all alike, as sands on the shore,
Innumerable atoms; and one desert,
Barren and cold, on which the wild waves break,
But nothing rests, save carcasses and wrecks,
Rocks, and the salt-surf weeds of bitterness.


question = ( to ) ? be : ! be;
		-- William Shakespeare


He who laughs has not yet heard the bad news.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


The shifts of Fortune test the reliability of friends.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero


Beware of low-flying butterflies.


Getting Cheryl to shed her apparel
Is like shooting goldfish in a barrel.
	But her genital area
	Is so vast it'll scareya,
And you venture inside at your peril.


Oh what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to conceive.
		-- Don Herold


He who foresees calamities suffers them twice over.


Come, every frustum longs to be a cone,
And every vector dreams of matrices.
Hark to the gentle gradient of the breeze:
It whispers of a more ergodic zone.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


Pro is to con as progress is to Congress.


My father was a creole, his father a Negro, and his father a monkey; my
family, it seems, begins where yours left off.
		-- Alexandre Dumas, pere


Every little picofarad has a nanohenry all its own.
		-- Don Vonada


...eighty years later he could still recall with the young pang of his
original joy his falling in love with Ada.
		-- Nabokov


QOTD:
	"Her other car is a broom."


On-line, adj.:
	The idea that a human being should always be accessible to a
	computer.


All kings is mostly rapscallions.
		-- Mark Twain


A New Yorker is riding down the road in his new Mercedes.  So intent is he
on the cocaine in his hand he completely misses a turn and his car plunges
over the five-hundred-foot cliff to be smashed into pieces at the bottom.
As the on-lookers rush to the edge of the cliff they see him fifty feet
from the top of the cliff clinging to a stunted bush with all his strength.
"Dear Lord," he prays, "I never asked you for nothin' before, but I'm askin'
you now: Save me, Lord, save me."
	Booms the Lord: "LET GO OF THE BRANCH."
	"But Lord, if I do that, I'll fall!"
	"TRUST ME, LET GO OF THE BRANCH."
	"But Lord, I'm gonna fall and die..."
	"TRUST ME TO SAVE YOU.  LET GO OF THE BRANCH."
	Okay, Lord, I'll trust you, here I...  here I go!"  And he falls
to his death.
	"DUMB YANKEE."


In order to discover who you are, first learn who everybody else is;
you're what's left.


Tell a man there are 300 billion stars in the universe and he'll
believe you.  Tell him a bench has wet paint on it and he'll have
to touch to be sure.


Never raise your hand to your children -- it leaves your midsection
unprotected.
		-- Robert Orben


Putt's Law:
	Technology is dominated by two types of people:
		Those who understand what they do not manage.
		Those who manage what they do not understand.


Boston State House is the hub of the Solar System.  You couldn't pry
that out of a Boston man if you had the tire of all creation
straightened out for a crowbar.
		-- O. W. Holmes


!07/11 PDP a ni deppart m'I  !pleH


I cannot overemphasize the importance of good grammar.

What a crock.  I could easily overemphasize the importance of good
grammar.  For example, I could say: "Bad grammar is the leading cause
of slow, painful death in North America," or "Without good grammar, the
United States would have lost World War II."
		-- Dave Barry, "An Utterly Absurd Look at Grammar"


Give me Librium or give me Meth.


The worst part of valor is indiscretion.


