He that breaks a thing to find out what it is has left the path of wisdom.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


Q:	What's the difference between a hold-up and a stick-up?
A:	Age.


All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.


Did I say 2?  I lied.


Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.


Not drinking, chasing women, or doing drugs won't
make you live longer -- it just seems that way.


You had mail.
Paul read it, so ask him what it said.


Q:	Why is Poland just like the United States?
A:	In the United States you can't buy anything for zlotys and in
	Poland you can't either, while in the U.S. you can get whatever
	you want for dollars, just as you can in Poland.
		-- being told in Poland, 1987


Inglish Spocken Hier: some mangled translations

	Sign on a cathedral in Spain:
		It is forbidden to enter a woman, even a foreigner if
		dressed as a man.

	Above the entrance to a Cairo bar:
		Unaccompanied ladies not admitted unless with husband
		or similar.

	On a Bucharest elevator:

		The lift is being fixed for the next days.
		During that time we regret that you will be unbearable.

		-- Colin Bowles


Seems like these four rabbis had a series of theological arguments, and three
were always in accord against the fourth.  One day, the odd rabbi out, with
the usual "3 to 1, majority rules" statement that signified that he had lost
again, decided to appeal to a higher authority.  "Oh, God!" he cried.  "I
know in my heart that I am right and they are wrong!  Please show me a sign,
so they too will know that I understand Your laws."
	It was a beautiful, sunny day.  As soon as the rabbi finished his
plaint, a storm cloud moved across the sky above the four.  It rumbled once
and dissolved.  "A sign from God!  See, I'm right, I knew it!"  But the other
three disagreed, pointing out that stormclouds form on hot days.
	So he asked again: "Oh, God, I need a bigger sign to show that I am
right and they are wrong.  So please, God, a bigger sign."
	This time four stormclouds appeared, rushed toward each other to form
one big cloud, and a bolt of lightning knocked down a tree ten feet away from
the rabbis.  The cloud dispersed at once.  "I told you I was right!" insisted
the loner, but the others insisted that nothing had happened that could not
be explained by natural causes.
	The insisting rabbi is all ready to ask for a *very big* sign when
just as he says "Oh God..." the sky turns pitch black, the earth shakes, and
a deep, booming voice intones, "HEEEEEEEE'S RIIIIIIIGHT!"
	The sky returns to normal.  The one rabbi puts his hands on his hips
and snarls, "Well?"  "Okay, okayyyy," replied another, "so now it's 3 to 2!"


I'll burn my books.
		-- Christopher Marlowe


Critic, n.:
	A person who boasts himself hard to please because nobody tries
	to please him.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Life is like a penis: when it's soft you can't beat it, and when it's
hard you get fucked.


All great discoveries are made by mistake.
		-- Young


'Naomi, sex at noon taxes.' I moan.
Never odd or even.
A man, a plan, a canal, Panama.
Madam, I'm Adam.
Sit on a potato pan, Otis.
		-- The Mad Palindromist


Skinner's Constant (or Flannagan's Finagling Factor):
	That quantity which, when multiplied by, divided by, added to,
	or subtracted from the answer you got, gives you the answer you
	should have gotten.


Let me take you a button-hole lower.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"


Blessed is the man who, having nothing to say,
abstains from giving wordy evidence of the fact.
		-- George Eliot


Walk softly and carry a big stick.
		-- Theodore Roosevelt


A Code of Honour: never approach a friend's girlfriend or wife with mischief
as your goal.  There are too many women in the world to justify that sort of
dishonourable behaviour.  Unless she's really attractive.
		-- Bruce J. Friedman, "Sex and the Lonely Guy"


QOTD:
	"I love your outfit, does it come in your size?"


Suaviter in modo, fortiter in re.
Se non e vero, e ben trovato.


Men live for three things, fast cars, fast women and fast food.


Oh, I am a C programmer and I'm okay
	I muck with indices and structs all day
And when it works, I shout hoo-ray
	Oh, I am a C programmer and I'm okay


First law of debate:
	Never argue with a fool.  People might not know the difference.


Pecor's Health-Food Principle:
	Never eat rutabaga on any day of
	the week that has a "y" in it.


What they say:				What they mean:

A major technological breakthrough...	Back to the drawing board.
Developed after years of research	Discovered by pure accident.
Project behind original schedule due	We're working on something else.
	to unforeseen difficulties
Designs are within allowable limits	We made it, stretching a point or two.
Customer satisfaction is believed	So far behind schedule that they'll be
	assured					grateful for anything at all.
Close project coordination		We're gonna spread the blame, campers!
Test results were extremely gratifying	It works, and boy, were we surprised!
The design will be finalized...		We haven't started yet, but we've got
						to say something.
The entire concept has been rejected	The guy who designed it quit.
We're moving forward with a fresh	We hired three new guys, and they're
	approach				kicking it around.
A number of different approaches...	We don't know where we're going, but
						we're moving.
Preliminary operational tests are	Blew up when we turned it on.
	inconclusive
Modifications are underway		We're starting over.


Chance is perhaps the work of God when He did not want to sign.
		-- Anatole France


Breeding rabbits is a hare raising experience.


Howard Cosell's biggest protrusion is his asshole.
		-- John Valby


H. L. Mencken suffers from the hallucination that he is H. L.
Mencken -- there is no cure for a disease of that magnitude.
		-- Maxwell Bodenheim


Hanlon's Razor:
	Never attribute to malice
	that which is adequately explained by stupidity.


All most men really want in life is a wife, a house, two kids and a car,
a cat, no maybe a dog.  Ummm, scratch one of the kids and add a dog.
Definitely a dog.


Virtue does not always demand a heavy sacrifice --
only the willingness to make it when necessary.
		-- Frederick Dunn


An evil mind is a great comfort.


If two men agree on everything, you may be sure that one of them is
doing the thinking.
		-- Lyndon B. Johnson

Jerry Ford is a nice guy, but he played too much football with his
helmet off.
		-- Lyndon B. Johnson

I do not believe that this generation of Americans is willing to resign
itself to going to bed each night by the light of a Communist moon.
		-- Lyndon B. Johnson


QOTD:
	"I'm on a seafood diet -- I see food and I eat it."


If everything is coming your way then you're in the wrong lane.


I tell them to turn to the study of mathematics, for it
is only there that they might escape the lusts of the flesh.
		-- Thomas Mann, "The Magic Mountain"


Any woman is a volume if one knows how to read her.


Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
		-- W. C. Fields


Put another password in,
Bomb it out, then try again.
Try to get past logging in,
We're hacking, hacking, hacking.

Try his first wife's maiden name,
This is more than just a game.
It's real fun, but just the same,
It's hacking, hacking, hacking.


STRAPLESS EVENING GOWN:
	Bust truster.


OCEAN:
	A body of water occupying about two-thirds
	of a world made for man -- who has no gills.


Do not clog intellect's sluices with bits of knowledge of questionable uses.


You've got to think about tomorrow!

TOMORROW!  I haven't even prepared for *_y_e_s_t_e_r_d_a_y* yet!


The fashionable drawing rooms of London have always been happy to accept
outsiders -- if only on their own, albeit undemanding terms.  That is to
say, artists, so long as they are not too talented, men of humble birth,
so long as they have since amassed several million pounds, and socialists
so long as they are Tories.
		-- Christopher Booker


Rembrandt's first name was Beauregard, which is why he never used
it.
		-- Dave Barry


The owner of a large furniture store in the mid-west arrived in France on
a buying trip.  As he was checking into a hotel he struck up an acquaintance
with a beautiful young lady.  However, she only spoke French and he only spoke
English, so each couldn't understand a word the other spoke.  He took out a
pencil and a notebook and drew a picture of a coach.  She smiled, nodded her
head and they went for a ride in the park.  Later, he drew a picture of a
table in a restaurant with a question mark and she nodded, so they went to
dinner.  After dinner he sketched two dancers and she was delighted.  They
went to several nightclubs, drank champagne, danced and had a glorious
evening.  It had gotten quite late when she motioned for the pencil and drew
a picture of a four-poster bed.  He was dumbfounded, and to this day has
never been able to understand how she knew he was in the furniture business.


Science is what happens when preconception meets verification.


Crucifixes are sexy because there's a naked man on them.
		-- Madonna


It took a while to surface, but it appears that a long-distance credit card
may have saved a U.S. Army unit from heavy casualties during the Grenada
military rescue/invasion. Major General David Nichols, Air Force ... said
the Army unit was in a house surrounded by Cuban forces.  One soldier found
a telephone and, using his credit card, called Ft. Bragg, N.C., telling Army
officers there of the perilous situation. The officers in turn called the
Air Force, which sent in gunships to scatter the Cubans and relieve the unit.
		-- Aviation Week and Space Technology


Therefore it is necessary to learn how not to be good, and to use
this knowledge and not use it, according to the necessity of the cause.
		-- Machiavelli


Cats are intended to teach us that not everything in nature has a function.
		-- Garrison Keillor


Q:	How many people from New Jersey does it take to change a light
	bulb?
A:	Three.  One to do it, one to watch, and the third to shoot the
	witness.


/usr/news/gotcha


Honesty is for the most part less profitable than dishonesty.
		-- Plato


Regnant populi.


The Reverend Henry Ward Beecher
Called a hen a most elegant creature.
	The hen, pleased with that,
	Laid an egg in his hat --
And thus did the hen reward Beecher.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


As you know, birds do not have sexual organs because they would
interfere with flight.  [In fact, this was the big breakthrough for the
Wright Brothers.  They were watching birds one day, trying to figure
out how to get their crude machine to fly, when suddenly it dawned on
Wilbur.  "Orville," he said, "all we have to do is remove the sexual
organs!"  You should have seen their original design.]  As a result,
birds are very, very difficult to arouse sexually.  You almost never
see an aroused bird.  So when they want to reproduce, birds fly up and
stand on telephone lines, where they monitor telephone conversations
with their feet.  When they find a conversation in which people are
talking dirty, they grip the line very tightly until they are both
highly aroused, at which point the female gets pregnant.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sex and the Single Amoeba: What Every
		   Teen Should Know"


If you think the problem is bad now, just wait until we've solved it.
		-- Arthur Kasspe


Senor Castro has been accused of communist sympathies, but this means very
little since all opponents of the regime are automatically called communists.
In fact he is further to the right than General Batista.
		-- "Cuba's Rightist Rebel", The Economist, April 26, 1958


/earth: file system full.


I profoundly believe it takes a lot of practice to become a moral slob.
		-- William F. Buckley


Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.


Well thaaaaaaat's okay.


The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax.
		-- Albert Einstein


	An old maid wanted to travel by bus to the pet cemetery with the
remains of her cat.  As she boarded the bus, she whispered to the driver,
"I have a dead pussy."
	The driver pointed to the woman in the seat behind him and said,
"Sit with my wife.  You two have a lot in common."


You're a card which will have to be dealt with.


Q:	Why did Ted Kennedy report the accident 8 hours after Mary
		Jo Kopechne drowned?
A:	Do you have any idea how hard it is to dress a woman underwater?


La-dee-dee, la-dee-dah.


Avec!


Finality is death.
Perfection is finality.
Nothing is perfect.
There are lumps in it.


Fashions have done more harm than revolutions.
		-- Victor Hugo


Experiments must be reproducible; they should all fail in the same way.


The sergeant walked into the shower and caught me giving myself a
dishonorable discharge.  Without missing a beat, I said, "It's my dick
and I can wash it as fast as I want!"


Infatuation, n.:
	When you're in love, there's a lump in your throat.
	When you're infatuated, there's a lump in your pants.


You should not use your fireplace, because scientists now believe that,
contrary to popular opinion, fireplaces actually remove heat from
houses.  Really, that's what scientists believe.  In fact many
scientists actually use their fireplaces to cool their houses in the
summer.  If you visit a scientist's house on a sultry August day,
you'll find a cheerful fire roaring on the hearth and the scientist
sitting nearby, remarking on how cool he is and drinking heavily.
		-- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"


In Duluth there's a hostess, forsooth,
Who doesn't know gin from vermouth,
	But this lubricant lapse
	Isn't noticed, perhaps
Because nobody does in Duluth.


Virtue is its own punishment.
		-- Denniston

Righteous people terrify me ... virtue is its own punishment.
		-- Aneurin Bevan


Depend on the rabbit's foot if you will,
but remember, it didn't help the rabbit.
		-- R. E. Shay


Good judgment comes from experience.
Experience comes from bad judgment.
		-- Jim Horning


A man with no arms walked into a bar and asked for a beer.  The bartender
shoved the foaming glass in front of him.
	"Look," said the customer, "I have no arms -- would you please hold
the glass for me?
	"Sure," said the bartender.
	"If," said the customer, "you'll reach in my right hand coat pocket,
you'll find the money for the beer."
	The bartender got the money and rang up the bill.
	"You've been very kind," said the customer. "Just one thing more.
Where is the men's room?"
	"Up the street to the light," said the bartender, "turn left, walk
two blocks, and there's a gas station on the corner."


Love your neighbour, yet don't pull down your hedge.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Life is too short to be taken seriously.
		-- Oscar Wilde


What on earth would a man do with himself
if something did not stand in his way?
		-- H. G. Wells


Militant agnostic: I don't know, and you don't either.


"Get a load of that chick!"	"Dude -- you gotta ask her out."
"Weellll, I dunno..."		"Look.  The worst she can say, is 'No'!"
"Hey!  You're right!"		"I'm always right!"
"The worst she can say... is 'No'!"

"Idunnoifyou'vebeennoticingmebutI'vebeennoticingyouandIwaswonderingif
you'd like to go out with me!"

Oh my god you little Geek!
Get away before I freak!		You ugly, stupid, zitfaced scum,
I'm a babe and you are not.		You asked me out; you MUST be dumb.
You can't handle what I've got!		Well you can beg until you're blue,
I'm too hot, too hot for you..		But you're not even fit to lick my shoe.
					I'm too hot, too hot for you.
Ha ha ha!  Don't make me laugh!
I want a whole man, not a half.		I've got a bitchin' bod and a killer
You wet your pants, I'm so sure.		face,
Too bad wimp-itis has no cure.		I'm god's gift to the male race.
I'm too hot, too hot for you.		I'm the queen of babes supreme,
					But you'll only see me in you dreams.
"Well?  What'd she say??"		I'm too hot, too hot for you.
"Well, she didn't say no..."
		-- Barry and the Bookbinders, "The Worst She Can Say is No"


The future is going to be boring.
		-- J. G. Ballard


National security is in your hands - guard it well.


If parents would only realize how they bore their children.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


It seems that there was this Christian about to be thrown to the lions.  He
was shoved into the middle of the arena and the lion was released.  Being
a good Christian, as the lion approached he knelt and prayed, asking God for
forgiveness for his (few) sins, and begging that the lion might be dissuaded
from eating him for its breakfast.  Much to his dismay, the lion didn't stop
but kept coming, getting faster and faster, now almost running, so the
Christian took off too.  There they were, running around and around the arena,
the lion getting closer and the Christian praying harder and harder between
gasps for breath.  The lions breath was now hot upon his heels and he could
even feel droplets of the lions saliva splashing on his bare feet.  So he
pulled out all the stops, promising God that if the lion will only spare him,
he will devote the rest of his life to spreading the Christian faith,
forsaking all temptation and possessions.  Suddenly he no longer felt the
lions breath, no longer heard the great beast's snarls close behind him.
Slowing to a stop, he turned around and saw the lion on its knees, eyes rolled
upward, paws held together.  The lion appeared to be muttering something so
the Christian approached until he could make out what the lion was saying.
	"Dear Lord, for what I am about to receive..."


Fun experiments:
	Get a can of shaving cream, throw it in a freezer for about a week.
	Then take it out, peel the metal off and put it where you want...
	bedroom, car, etc.  As it thaws, it expands an unbelievable amount.


I am the wandering glitch -- catch me if you can.


Nobody shot me.
		-- Frank Gusenberg, his last words, when asked by police
		   who had shot him 14 times with a machine gun in the
		   Saint Valentine's Day Massacre.

Only Capone kills like that.
		-- George "Bugs" Moran, on the Saint Valentine's Day Massacre

The only man who kills like that is Bugs Moran.
		-- Al Capone, on the Saint Valentine's Day Massacre


Why, every one as they like; as the good woman said when she
kissed her cow.
		-- Rabelais


Upon leaving a hotel bar one evening, an executive noticed a drunk sitting
on the edge of a potted palm in the lobby, crying like a baby.  Because he'd
had a couple himself that night, and was feeling rather sorry for his fellow
man, he asked the inebriated one what the trouble was.
	"I did a terrible thing tonight," sniffled the drunk.  "I sold my
wife to a guy for a bottle of Scotch."
	"That is terrible," said the man, too much under the weather to
muster any real indignation.  "And now that she's gone, you wish you had her
back."
	"Thas right," said the drunk, still sniffling.
	"You're sorry you sold her, because you realize too late that you
love her," sympathized the executive.
	"No, no," said the drunk.  "I wish I had her back because I'm
thirsty again."


Thank God for the Duchess of Gloucester,
She obliges all who accost her.
	She welcomes the prick
	Of Tom, Harry or Dick,
Or Baldwin, or even Lord Astor.


There are a couple of things about her I greatly admire.


According to convention there is a sweet and a bitter, a hot and a cold,
and according to convention, there is an order.  In truth, there are atoms
and a void.
		-- Democritus, 400 B.C.


Scrubbing floors and emptying bedpans has as much dignity as the
Presidency.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


She sells cshs by the cshore.


Being a mime means never having to say you're sorry.


Q:	What is the difference between snow-men and snow-women?
A:	Snowballs!


You will win success in whatever calling you adopt.


It's so fuckin' great to be alive!


It may not be funny, but it's damned amusing!


He asked me if I knew what time it was -- I said yes, but not right now.
		-- Steven Wright


Many husbands go broke on the money their wives save on sales.


Information Center, n.:
	A room staffed by professional computer people whose job it is
to tell you why you cannot have the information you require.


	"Have you lived here all your life?"
	"Oh, twice that long."


There is no such thing as a problem without a gift for you in its hands.


When I was 16, I thought there was no hope for my father.
By the time I was 20, he had made great improvement.


Keep the number of passes in a compiler to a minimum.
		-- D. Gries


A woman's place is in the house... and in the Senate.


Tomorrow, this will be part of the unchangeable past
but fortunately, it can still be changed today.


So, you better watch out!
You better not cry!
You better not pout!
I'm telling you why,
Santa Claus is coming, to town.

He knows when you've been sleeping,
He know when you're awake.
He knows if you've been bad or good,
He has ties with the CIA.
So...


Even the best of friends cannot attend each other's funeral.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"


Hear that...
	there's an establishment near the White House that caters to kinky
	tastes?  There's a House whip in attendance, of course?


The largest gay community in the U.S. (as a percentage of total population)
is not in San Francisco, but in Iowa Falls, Minnesota (pop. 763), a small
town in which virtually everyone is gay.  In 1976, a group of about 100
gays fleeing persecution in the South settled in the town, and soon won a
majority on the town council.  Ordinances prohibiting heterosexual acts
soon followed.  "After all," said mayor Harry Whalen, "If the Supreme Court
has refused to strike down laws prohibiting homosexual acts, then our
anti-straight laws are equally valid."  Rigorous enforcement of those laws
has resulted in a community that is now almost 100% gay.  Said one long-time
resident: "I've lived here 35 years and didn't want to leave, but I didn't
want to give up sex either.  Then my neighbor Ed came over one night, and
said how about I do it with him, and my wife Millie could do it with his
wife.  Well, I found it wasn't nearly as bad as I thought it was gonna be.
Fact is, I rather like it."


"Art" is the ability to separate the significant from the insignificant.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Your mode of life will be changed to EBCDIC.


For large values of one, one equals two, for small values of two.


Oh, I have slipped the surly bonds of earth,
And danced the skies on laughter silvered wings;
Sunward I've climbed and joined the tumbling mirth
Of sun-split clouds and done a hundred things
You have not dreamed of --
Wheeled and soared and swung
High in the sunlit silence.
Hovering there
I've chased the shouting wind along and flung
My eager craft through footless halls of air.
Up, up along delirious, burning blue
I've topped the wind-swept heights with easy grace,
Where never lark, or even eagle flew;
And, while with silent, lifting mind I've trod
The high untrespassed sanctity of space,
Put out my hand, and touched the face of God.
		-- John Gillespie Magee, Jr., "High Flight"


It's a .88 magnum -- it goes through schools.
		-- Danny Vermin


panic: kernel trap (ignored)


Put your Nose to the Grindstone!
		-- Amalgamated Plastic Surgeons and Toolmakers, Ltd.


No one can put you down without your full cooperation.


I cannot believe that God plays dice with the cosmos.
		-- Albert Einstein, on the randomness of quantum mechanics


Attempting to stop MySQL by buying companies around it is like trying
to kill a dolphin by drinking the ocean.
		-- Marten Mickos


The very first essential for success is a perpetually
constant and regular employment of violence.
		-- Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf"


Profanity is the one language all programmers know best.


I'll give you my opinion of the human race in a nutshell ... their heart's
in the right place, but their head is a thoroughly inefficient organ.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham, "The Summing Up"


I'm for peace -- I've yet to see a man wake up in the morning and say
"I've just had a good war."
		-- Mae West


Occident, n.:
	The part of the world lying west (or east) of the Orient.  It is
	largely inhabited by Christians, powerful sub-tribe of the
	Hypocrites, whose principal industries are murder and cheating,
	which they are pleased to call "war" and "commerce."  These, also,
	are the principal industries of the Orient.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Hlade's Law:
	If you have a difficult task, give it to a lazy person --
	they will find an easier way to do it.


I used to be a rebel in my youth.
This cause... that cause... (chuckle) I backed 'em ALL!  But I learned.
Rebellion is simply a device used by the immature to hide from his own
problems.  So I lost interest in politics.  Now when I feel aroused by
a civil rights case or a passport hearing... I realize it's just a device.
I go to my analyst and we work it out.  You have no idea how much better
I feel these days.
		-- J. Feiffer


	Two Englishmen struck up a conversation with an American in the club
car of a train headed east out of Chicago.
	"I say," queried the younger Englishman, "have you ever been to
London?"
	The American laughed.  "It was my home for two years during the war,"
he said.  "Had some of the wildest times of my life in that old town."
	The older Englishman, a little hard of hearing, asked, "What did
he say, Reggie?"
	"He said he's been to London, father," the younger Englishman
replied.
	After a little lull in the conversation, the young man asked, "You
didn't, by any chance, meet a Hazel Wimbleton in London, did you?"
	The American almost fell off his chair.  "Hot Pants Hazel!" he
exclaimed.  "My God, I shacked up with that horny broad for three months
just before I came back to the States!"
	"What did he say, Reggie?" the older Englishman wanted to know.
	"He says he knows Mother," the younger Englishman responded.


Let my own body be exhausted,
But not the wealth of my state.
Let my mortal body vanish,
But not the power of my state.
		-- Chinggis (Genghis) Khan


As I argued in "Beloved Son", a book about my son Brian and the subject of
religious communes and cults, one result of proper early instruction in the
methods of rational thought will be to make sudden mindless conversions --
to anything -- less likely.  Brian now realizes this and has, after eleven
years, left the sect he was associated with.  The problem is that once the
untrained mind has made a formal commitment to a religious philosophy --
and it does not matter whether that philosophy is generally reasonable and
high-minded or utterly bizarre and irrational -- the powers of reason are
surprisingly ineffective in changing the believer's mind.
		-- Steve Allen


[He] took me into his library and showed me his books, of which he had
a complete set.
		-- Ring Lardner


I GUESS OF ALL MY UNCLES, I liked Uncle Caveman the best. We called him
Uncle Caveman because he lived in a cave and because sometimes he'd eat
one of us.  Later, we found out he was a bear.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


All that glitters has a high refractive index.


Burbulation, v.:
	The obsessive act of opening and closing a refrigerator door in
	an attempt to catch it before the automatic light comes on.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


If dolphins are so smart, why did Flipper work for television?


