Here comes the orator, with his flood of words and his drop of reason.


Microwave oven?  Whaddya mean, it's a microwave oven?  I've been
watching Channel 4 on the thing for two weeks.


Do you know, I think that Dr. Swift was silly to laugh about Laputa.
I believe it is a mistake to make a mock of people, just because they
think.  There are ninety thousand people in this world who do not
think, for every one who does, and these people hate the thinkers
like poison.  Even if some thinkers are fanciful, it is wrong to make
fun of them for it.  Better to think about cucumbers even, than not
to think at all.
		-- T. H. White


Art is anything you can get away with.
		-- Marshall McLuhan


What luck for the rulers that men do not think.
		-- Adolf Hitler


If you had better tools, you could more
effectively demonstrate your total incompetence.


To many, total abstinence is easier than perfect moderation.
		-- St. Augustine


Q:	What is purple and commutes?
A:	A boolean grape.


As in certain cults it is possible to
kill a process if you know its true name.
		-- Ken Thompson and Dennis M. Ritchie


May Allah blow sand in your Preparation H.


TACKY:
	Serving grape Kool-Aid at religious functions.


The only person who always got his work done by Friday was Robinson Crusoe.


A prig is a fellow who is always making you a present of his opinions.
		-- George Eliot


Jim, this is Matty down at Ralph's and Mark's.  Some guy named Angel
Martin just ran up a fifty buck bar tab.  And now he wants to charge it
to you.  You gonna pay it?


Remember: Silly is a state of Mind, Stupid is a way of Life.
		-- Dave Butler


Broad-mindedness, n.:
	The result of flattening high-mindedness out.


Never worry about theory as long as the
machinery does what it's supposed to do.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


PAIN:
	Sliding down a 50-foot razor blade into a bucket of alcohol.


We are drowning in information but starved for knowledge.
		-- John Naisbitt, "Megatrends"


QOTD:
	"Of course there's no reason for it, it's just our policy."


INNOVATE:
	Annoy people.


Unless you love someone, nothing else makes any sense.
		-- e. e. cummings


Politician, n.:
	An eel in the fundamental mud upon which the superstructure of
	organized society is reared.  When he wriggles, he mistakes the
	agitation of his tail for the trembling of the edifice.  As
	compared with the statesman, he suffers the disadvantage of
	being alive.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The Worst Jury
	A murder trial at Manitoba in February 1978 was well advanced, when
one juror revealed that he was completely deaf and did not have the
remotest clue what was happening.
	The judge, Mr. Justice Solomon, asked him if he had heard any
evidence at all and, when there was no reply, dismissed him.
	The excitement which this caused was only equalled when a second
juror revealed that he spoke not a word of English.  A fluent French
speaker, he exhibited great surprised when told, after two days, that he
was hearing a murder trial.
	The trial was abandoned when a third juror said that he suffered
from both conditions, being simultaneously unversed in the English language
and nearly as deaf as the first juror.
	The judge ordered a retrial.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


The good Christian should beware of mathematicians and all those who
make empty prophecies.  The danger already exists that mathematicians
have made a covenant with the devil to darken the spirit and confine
man in the bonds of Hell.
		-- St. Augustine


What is food to one, is to others bitter poison.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


Your depth of comprehension may tend to make you lax in worldly ways.


New release:
	Abortions are becoming so popular in some countries that the waiting
	time to get one is lengthening rapidly. Experts predict that at this
	rate there will soon be an up to a one year wait.


Those who are mentally and emotionally healthy are those who have
learned when to say yes, when to say no and when to say whoopee.
		-- W. S. Krabill


I bet you think you're pretty cool driving around without auto insurance.
You're probably saying to yourself, "I'm beating the system."  But what's
going to happen when you get pulled over and lose your license because
you're not insured.  What girl's going to ride shotgun on a ten-speed on
a Saturday Night?  Yeah, you're going to be beating more than the system...
		-- auto insurance ad, heard on KNAC, Long Beach


Joan of Arc is alive and medium well.


Close the door, let me give you what you've been waiting for!!


Kill a commy for your mommy.


Password:


Do more than anyone expects, and pretty soon everyone will expect more.


Let him choose out of my files, his projects to accomplish.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Coriolanus"


Systems programmer:
	A person in sandals who has been in the elevator with the senior
	vice president and is ultimately responsible for a phone call you
	are to receive from your boss.


As long as there are ill-defined goals, bizarre bugs, and unrealistic
schedules, there will be Real Programmers willing to jump in and Solve
The Problem, saving the documentation for later.


The difference between a Miracle and a Fact is
exactly the difference between a mermaid and a seal.
		-- Mark Twain


I see where we are starting to pay some attention to our neighbors to
the south.  We could never understand why Mexico wasn't just crazy about
us; for we have always had their good will, and oil and minerals, at heart.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


A fractal is by definition a set for which the Hausdorff Besicovitch
dimension strictly exceeds the topological dimension.
		-- Mandelbrot, "The Fractal Geometry of Nature"


Good girls go to heaven, bad girls go everywhere.


What foods these morsels be!


When choosing between two evils, I always
like to take the one I've never tried before.
		-- Mae West, "Klondike Annie"


I never forget a face, but in your case I'll make an exception.
		-- Groucho Marx


Hear about...
	the truck driver who pulled out to avoid a child and fell
	off the sofa?


Al didn't smile for forty years.  You've got to admire a man like that.
		-- from "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman"


Changing husbands/wives is only changing troubles.
		-- Kathleen Norris


Beware of strong drink. It can make you
shoot at tax collectors -- and miss.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough For Love"


The most happy marriage I can imagine to myself would be the union
of a deaf man to a blind woman.
		-- Samuel T. Coleridge


If I had a penis I'd wear it outside,
In cafes and car lots, with pomp and with pride.
If I had a penis I'd pamper it proper
I'd stay in the tub and use me as the stopper.
If I had a penis I'd take it to parties
Stretch it and stroke it and shove it at smarties.
I'd take it to pet shows and teach it to stay.
I'd stuff it in turkeys on Thanksgiving Day.

I'd rival my buddies in sportscars and stick shifts.
I'd shower my spire with girlies and gifts.
I'd peek around corners; I'd aim at my toilet;
I'd poke it at foreigners and soap it and oil it.
If I had a penis I'd run to my mother;
Comb out the hair and compare it to brother.
I'd lance her, I'd knight her, my hands would indulge...
Pants would seem tighter and buckle and bulge.
[Chorus]
	A penis to plunder, a penis to push
	'Cause one in the hand is worth one in the bush.
	A penis to love me, a penis to share,
	To pick up and play with when nobody's there.
		-- Uncle Bonsai, "Penis Envy"


Once you've got them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow.


My travel agent's an Oxford chap
Who rolls his eyes when he speaks.
I asked him about the Isle of Man
For a journey of about six weeks.
And this is what he said to me
As he looked me right in the eye,
"For a far-out trip, try an ice cream dip
Of Elephant Shit On Rye."

A brand-new store just opened its door
At the corner of 5th and Vine
And I happened to be standing right outside
When they turned on their neon sign.
I heard a strange sound, I looked around,
And that's when I almost died,
They nearly knocked me down to be the first in town
To get their Elephant Shit On Rye!


Picking up the pieces of my sweet shattered dream,
I wonder how the old folks are tonight,
Her name was Ann, and I'll be damned if I recall her face,
She left me not knowing what to do.

Carefree Highway, let me slip away on you,
Carefree Highway, you seen better days,
The morning after blues, from my head down to my shoes,
Carefree Highway, let me slip away, slip away, on you...

Turning back the pages to the times I love best,
I wonder if she'll ever do the same,
Now the thing that I call livin' is just bein' satisfied,
With knowing I got noone left to blame.
Carefree Highway, I got to see you, my old flame...

Searching through the fragments of my dream shattered sleep,
I wonder if the years have closed her mind,
I guess it must be wanderlust or tryin' to get free,
From the good old faithful feelin' we once knew.
		-- Gordon Lightfoot, "Carefree Highway"


That boy's about as sharp as a pound of wet liver.
		-- Foghorn Leghorn


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #18:

Q:  Are you married?
A:  No, I'm divorced.
Q:  And what did your husband do before you divorced him?
A:  A lot of things I didn't know about.


WOLF:
	A man who knows all the ankles.


What they said:
	What they meant:

"If you knew this person as well as I know him, you would think as much
of him as I do."
	(Or as little, to phrase it slightly more accurately.)
"Her input was always critical."
	(She never had a good word to say.)
"I have no doubt about his capability to do good work."
	(And it's nonexistent.)
"This candidate would lend balance to a department like yours, which
already has so many outstanding members."
	(Unless you already have a moron.)
"His presentation to my seminar last semester was truly remarkable:
one unbelievable result after another."
	(And we didn't believe them, either.)
"She is quite uniform in her approach to any function you may assign her."
	(In fact, to life in general...)


An interpretation I satisfies a sentence in the table language if and only if
each entry in the table designates the value of the function designated by the
function constant in the upper-left corner applied to the objects designated
by the corresponding row and column labels.
		-- Genesereth & Nilsson,
		   "Logical foundations of Artificial Intelligence"


A gentleman never strikes a lady with his hat on.
		-- Fred Allen


Trust your husband, adore your husband,
and get as much as you can in your own name.
		-- Joan Rivers


Let your conscience be your guide.
		-- Pope


	Listen, Tyrone, you don't know how dangerous that stuff is.
Suppose someday you just plug in and go away and never come back?  Eh?
	Ho, ho!  Don't I wish!  What do you think every electrofreak
dreams about?  You're such an old fuddyduddy!  A-and who sez it's a
dream, huh?  M-maybe it exists.  Maybe there is a Machine to take us
away, take us completely, suck us out through the electrodes out of
the skull 'n' into the Machine and live there forever with all the
other souls it's got stored there.  It could decide who it would suck
out, a-and when.  Dope never gave you immortality.  You hadda come
back, every time, into a dying hunk of smelly meat!  But We can live
forever, in a clean, honest, purified, Electroworld.
		-- Thomas Pynchon, "Gravity's Rainbow"


Paying alimony is like pumping gas into another man's car.


John Birch Society:
	That pathetic manifestation of organized apoplexy.
		-- Edward P. Morgan


Very few things happen at the right time, and the rest do not happen
at all.  The conscientious historian will correct these defects.
		-- Herodotus


Don't take life so serious, son, it ain't nohow permanent.
		-- Walt Kelly


Spagmumps, n.:
	Any of the millions of Styrofoam wads that accompany mail-order
	items.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


You are going to have a new love affair.


Love is not the dying moan of a distant violin -- it's the triumphant
twang of a bedspring.
		-- S.J. Perelman


I have just enough white in me to make my honesty questionable.
		-- Will Rogers


Watch your mouth, kid, or you'll find yourself floating home.
		-- Han Solo


Groundhog Day has been observed only once in Los Angeles because when the
groundhog came out of its hole, it was killed by a mudslide.
		-- Johnny Carson


Bozo is the Brotherhood of Zips and Others.  Bozos are people who band
together for fun and profit.  They have no jobs.  Anybody who goes on a
tour is a Bozo. Why does a Bozo cross the street?  Because there's a Bozo
on the other side. It comes from the phrase vos otros, meaning others.
They're the huge, fat, middle waist.  The archetype is an Irish drunk
clown with red hair and nose, and pale skin.  Fields, William Bendix.
Everybody tends to drift toward Bozoness.  It has Oz in it.  They mean
well.  They're straight-looking except they've got inflatable shoes.  They
like their comforts.  The Bozos have learned to enjoy their free time,
which is all the time.
		-- The Firesign Theatre, "If Bees Lived Inside Your Head"


Sometimes I wonder if I'm in my right mind.
Then it passes off and I'm as intelligent as ever.
		-- Samuel Beckett, "Endgame"


If things don't improve soon, you'd better ask them to stop helping you.


Stealing a rhinoceros should not be attempted lightly.


Be cautious in your daily affairs.


DROP THE DAMN BEAR!!!
		-- The Adventurer


[It is] best to confuse only one issue at a time.
		-- K&R


	"Daddy?"
	"Yes son."
	"Wha-wha-wha-what does regret mean?"
	"Well, son, a funny thing about regret is that it's better to regret
something you have done, than to regret something you haven't done.  And by
the way, if you see your Mom this weekend, would you be sure and tell her,
`SATAN, SATAN, SATAN!!!'"
		-- Butthole Surfers, "Sweat Loaf"


A prisoner of war is a man who tries to kill you and fails, and then
asks you not to kill him.
		-- Sir Winston Churchill, 1952


Murder is always a mistake -- one should never do anything one cannot
talk about after dinner.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Picture of Dorian Gray"


A pretty foot is one of the greatest gifts of nature... please send me your
last pair of shoes, already worn out in dancing... so I can have something
of yours to press against my heart.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Andrea: Unhappy the land that has no heroes.
Galileo: No, unhappy the land that _n_e_e_d_s heroes.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "Life of Galileo"


If atheism is to be used to express the state of mind in which God is
identified with the unknowable, and theology is pronounced to be a
collection of meaningless words about unintelligible chimeras, then
I have no doubt, and I think few people doubt, that atheists are as
plentiful as blackberries.
		-- Leslie Stephen


Q:	Heard about the <ethnic> who couldn't spell?
A:	He spent the night in a warehouse.


"Multiply in your head" (ordered the compassionate Dr. Adams) "365,365,365,
365,365,365 by 365,365,365,365,365,365".  He [ten-year-old Truman Henry
Safford] flew around the room like a top, pulled his pantaloons over the
tops of his boots, bit his hands, rolled his eyes in their sockets, sometimes
smiling and talking, and then seeming to be in an agony, until, in not more
than one minute, said he, 133,491,850,208,566,925,016,658,299,941,583,225!"
An electronic computer might do the job a little faster but it wouldn't be
as much fun to watch.
		-- James R. Newman, "The World of Mathematics"


To err is human, to forgive, infrequent.


	A woman was married to a golfer.  One day she asked, "If I were
to die, would you remarry?"
	After some thought, the man replied, "Yes, I've been very happy in
this marriage and I would want to be this happy again."
	The wife asked, "Would you give your new wife my car?"
	"Yes," he replied.  "That's a good car and it runs well."
	"Well, would you live in this house?"
	"Yes, it is a lovely house and you have decorated it beautifully.
I've always loved it here."
	"Well, would you give her my golf clubs?"
	"No."
	"Why not?"
	"She's left handed."


Sometimes when I get up in the morning, I feel very peculiar.  I feel
like I've just got to bite a cat!  I feel like if I don't bite a cat
before sundown, I'll go crazy!  But then I just take a deep breath and
forget about it.  That's what is known as real maturity.
		-- Snoopy


...the heat come 'round and busted me for smiling on a cloudy day.


We have met the enemy, and he is us.
		-- Walt Kelly


Halt!!  Who goes there, friend or enema?


Don't worry over what other people are thinking about you.
They're too busy worrying over what you are thinking about them.


When I was a young man, I vowed never to marry until I found the ideal
woman.  Well, I found her -- but alas, she was waiting for the ideal man.
		-- Robert Schuman


Oregon, n.:
	Eighty billion gallons of water with no place to go on Saturday
night.


Johnson's First Law:
	When any mechanical contrivance fails, it will do so at the
	most inconvenient possible time.


When a place gets crowded enough to require ID's, social collapse is not
far away.  It is time to go elsewhere.  The best thing about space travel
is that it made it possible to go elsewhere.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein, "Time Enough For Love"


David Letterman's "Things we can be proud of as Americans":

	* Greatest number of citizens who have actually boarded a UFO
	* Many newspapers feature "JUMBLE"
	* Hourly motel rates
	* Vast majority of Elvis movies made here
	* Didn't just give up right away during World War II
		like some countries we could mention
	* Goatees & Van Dykes thought to be worn only by weenies
	* Our well-behaved golf professionals
	* Fabulous babes coast to coast


Madam, there's no such thing as a tough child --
if you parboil them first for seven hours, they always come out tender.
		-- W. C. Fields


	If you do your best the rest of the way, that takes care of
everything. When we get to October 2, we'll add up the wins, and then
we'll either all go into the playoffs, or we'll all go home and play golf.
	Both those things sound pretty good to me.
		-- Sparky Anderson


If he once again pushes up his sleeves in order to compute for 3 days
and 3 nights in a row, he will spend a quarter of an hour before to
think which principles of computation shall be most appropriate.
		-- Voltaire, "Diatribe du docteur Akakia"


Galbraith's Law of Human Nature:
	Faced with the choice between changing one's mind and proving that
	there is no need to do so, almost everybody gets busy on the proof.


Her days were spent in a kind of slow bustle; always busy without
getting on, always behind hand and lamenting it, without altering
her ways; wishing to be an economist, without contrivance or
regularity; dissatisfied with her servants, without skill to make
them better, and whether helping, or reprimanding, or indulging
them, without any power of engaging their respect.
		-- J. Austen


GNU Make will no longer go into an infinite loop when fed the horrid
trash that passes for makefiles that `imake' produces (so you can
compile X, despite the extreme stubbornness and irrationality of its
maintainers).
		-- GNU Make 3.55 release notes


...why should you waste a single moment of *your* life seeming to be something
you don't want to be?  Lord, that's so simple.  If you hate your job, quit it.
If your friends are tedious, go out and find new friends.  You are queer, you
lucky fool, and that makes you one of life's buccaneers, free from the clutter
of 2000 years of Judeo-Christian sermonizing.  Stop feeling sorry for yourself
and start raising your sails.  You haven't a moment to lose.
		-- Edmund Carlevale


"First World" nations are the ones where people drive Japanese cars;
"Second World" nations are where First World residents go on vacation;
and "Third World" nations are the ones where people still dive out of
trees to prove their manhood.
		-- Dave Barry


Who was that masked man?


Would you people stop playing these stupid games?!?!?!!!!


The misnaming of fields of study is so common as to lead to what might be
general systems laws.  For example, Frank Harary once suggested the law that
any field that had the word "science" in its name was guaranteed thereby
not to be a science.  He would cite as examples Military Science, Library
Science, Political Science, Homemaking Science, Social Science, and Computer
Science.  Discuss the generality of this law, and possible reasons for its
predictive power.
		-- Gerald Weinberg, "An Introduction to General Systems
		   Thinking"


Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess is why
several of us died of tuberculosis.
		-- Jack Handey


There's been no top authority saying what marijuana does to you.  I really
don't know that much about it.  I tried it once but it didn't do anything
to me.
		-- John Wayne


There goes the good time that was had by all.
		-- Bette Davis, remarking on a passing starlet


I got tired of listening to the recording on the phone at the movie
theater.  So I bought the album.  I got kicked out of a theater the
other day for bringing my own food in.  I argued that the concession
stand prices were outrageous.  Besides, I hadn't had a barbecue in a
long time.  I went to the theater and the sign said adults $5 children
$2.50.  I told them I wanted 2 boys and a girl.  I once took a cab to
a drive-in movie.  The movie cost me $95.
		-- Steven Wright


Living in LA is like not having a date on Saturday night.
		-- Candice Bergen


I hate mankind, for I think myself one of the best of them,
and I know how bad I am.
		-- Samuel Johnson


But, officer, he's not drunk, I just saw his fingers twitch!


Life is a game.  In order to have a game, something has to be more
important than something else.  If what already is, is more important
than what isn't, the game is over.  So, life is a game in which what
isn't, is more important than what is.  Let the good times roll.
		-- Werner Erhard


The problem that we thought was a problem was, indeed,
a problem, but not the problem we thought was the problem.
		-- Mike Smith


Einstein argued that there must be simplified explanations of nature, because
God is not capricious or arbitrary.  No such faith comforts the software
engineer.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr.


We don't need no education, we don't need no thought control.
		-- Pink Floyd


"Last night,"  said a lassie named Ruth,
"In a long-distance telephone booth,
	I enjoyed the perfection
	Of an ideal connection --
I was screwed, if you must know the truth."


She liked him; he was a man of many qualities, even if most of them
were bad.


Rebellion lay in his way, and he found it.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


Don't put off for tomorrow what you can do today because
if you do it today, you can do it again tomorrow.


Please keep your hands off the secretary's reproducing equipment.


	Bubba, Jim Bob, and Leroy were fishing out on the lake last November,
and, when Bubba tipped his head back to empty the Jim Beam, he fell out of the
boat into the lake.  Jim Bob and Leroy pulled him back in, but as Bubba didn't
look too good, they started up the Evinrude and headed back to the pier.
	By the time they got there, Bubba was turning kind of blue, and his
teeth were chattering like all get out.  Jim Bob said, "Leroy, go run up to
the pickup and get Doc Pritchard on the CB, and ask him what we should do".
	Doc Pritchard, after hearing a description of the case, said "Now,
Leroy, listen closely.  Bubba is in great danger.  He has hy-po-thermia.  Now
what you need to do is get all them wet clothes off of Bubba, and take your
clothes off, and pile your clothes and jackets on top of him.  Then you all
get under that pile, and hug up to Bubba real close so that you warm him up.
You understand me Leroy?  You gotta warm Bubba up, or he'll die."
	Leroy and the Doc 10-4'ed each other, and Leroy came back to the
pier.  "Wh-Wh-What'd th-th-the d-d-doc s-s-say L-L-Leroy?", Bubba chattered.
	"Bubba, Doc says you're gonna die."


The young man-about-town enjoyed luxury but didn't always have the means
to buy it, and so he huffily walked out of the Miami Beach hotel when he
found out the charges for room, meals and golf privileges were $300 a day.
He registered across the street at an equally elegant hotel, where the
rates were only $70.  The following morning he went down to the hotel's
golf course and asked Scotty, the pro, to sell him a couple of golf balls.
"Sure," said Scotty.  "That'll be $25 apiece."
	"What?" screamed the bachelor.  "In the hotel across the street
they only charge $1 a ball!"
	"Naturally," replied the pro.  "Over there they get you by the
rooms."


Cold hands, no gloves.


Q:	Why does an elephant have 4 feet?
A:	Because 8 inches isn't enough.


Only two kinds of witnesses exist.  The first live in a neighborhood where
a crime has been committed and in no circumstances have ever seen anything
or even heard a shot.  The second category are the neighbors of anyone who
happens to be accused of the crime.  These have always looked out of their
windows when the shot was fired, and have noticed the accused person standing
peacefully on his balcony a few yards away.
		-- Sicilian police officer


Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly.
		-- Voltaire


We seem to have forgotten the simple truth that reason is never perfect.
Only non-sense attains perfection.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


It's more than magnificent -- it's mediocre.
		-- Sam Goldwyn


Imagine if every Thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them the
usual way.  This happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody
thinks of complaining.
		-- Jeff Raskin, interviewed in Doctor Dobb's Journal


	"I believe you have the wrong number," said the old gentleman into
the phone.  "You'll have to call the weather bureau for that information."
	"Who was that?" his young wife asked.
	"Some guy wanting to know if the coast was clear."


Mistress Mary, quite contrary,
How does your garden grow?
With silver bells and cockle shells,
And one really fucked-up petunia.


Most rock journalism is people who can't write interviewing people who
can't talk for people who can't read.
		-- Frank Zappa


Mitchell's Law of Committees:
	Any simple problem can be made insoluble
	if enough meetings are held to discuss it.


Writing about music is like dancing about architecture.
		-- Frank Zappa


Couldn't we jury-rig the cat to act as an audio switch, and have it yell
at people to save their core images before logging them out?  I'm sure
the cattle prod would be effective in this regard.  In any case, a traverse
mounted iguana, while more perverted, gives better traction, not to mention
being easier to stake.


If it weren't for the last minute, nothing would ever get done.


Cocaine is nature's way of telling you you have too much money.


Pilots should avoid using illegal drugs.
		-- AOPA's Pilot's Handbook, 1988


Syntactic sugar causes cancer of the semicolon.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


Passwords are implemented as a result of insecurity.


Tonight's the night:  Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.


Don't plan any hasty moves.
You'll be evicted soon anyway.


I love being married.  It's so great to find that one special
person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.
		-- Rita Rudner


A fool and his money are soon popular.


He flung himself on his horse and rode madly off in all directions.
		-- Stephen Leacock


Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature.
		-- Rich Kulawiec


He was a modest, good-humored boy.  It was Oxford that made him
insufferable.


Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


The decision doesn't have to be logical; it was unanimous.


The young stud walked into a bordello.  After he took his clothes off, the
woman was puzzled to see him put a clothespin on his nose, stuff cotton in
his ears, and put a prophylactic on his penis.
	"Hey," she asked, "what the hell are you doing?"
	"Well, ma'am", replied the stud, "there are two things I just can't
stand.  A screaming woman and the smell of burning rubber."


	THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #2: RENE

Named after the famous French philosopher and mathematician Rene
Descartes, RENE is a language used for artificial intelligence.  The
language is being developed at the Chicago Center of Machine Politics
and Programming under a grant from the Jane Byrne Victory Fund.  A
spokesman described the language as "Just as great as dis [sic] city of
ours."

The center is very pleased with progress to date.  They say they have
almost succeeded in getting a VAX to think. However, sources inside the
organization say that each time the machine fails to think it ceases to
exist.


Hope not, lest ye be disappointed.
		-- M. Horner


All the evidence concerning the universe
has not yet been collected, so there's still hope.


If A equals success, then the formula is _A = _X + _Y + _Z.  _X is work.  _Y
is play.  _Z is keep your mouth shut.
		-- Albert Einstein


Finagle's Second Law:
	No matter what the anticipated result, there will always be
	someone eager to (a) misinterpret it, (b) fake it, or
	(c) believe it happened according to his own pet theory.


Politics are almost as exciting as war, and quite as
dangerous.  In war, you can only be killed once.
		-- Winston Churchill


Did you know?
		EVERY TIME A LOAF OF BREAD IS BAKED,
			   APPROXIMATELY
		       150,000,000 YEASTS ARE
			      KILLED

		 Come to the award-winning 1987 film,
		  "The Very Small and Quiet Screams"
	-- a cinematic electromicrograph of yeasts being baked.

A must for those who care about yeast, and especially for those who don't.

			     SPONSORED BY
		Brown Anaerobe Rights Coalition (BARC)
	       Student Bakers for Social Responsibility
	      Coalition for the ELevation of Life (CELL)
		   Campus Crusade for Fetal Matters

Defend all life: "From greatest to least, from human to yeast!"


