If the rich could pay the poor to die for them,
what a living the poor could make!


Keep patting your enemy on the back until a
small bullet hole appears between your fingers.
		-- Joe Bonanno


Bahdges?  We don't need no stinkin' bahdges!
		-- "The Treasure of Sierra Madre"


Lake Erie died for your sins.


The National Short-Sleeved Shirt Association says:
	Support your right to bare arms!


Prizes are for children.
		-- Charles Ives,
		   upon being given, but refusing, the Pulitzer prize


	The devout Jew was beside himself because his son had been dating
a shiksa, so he went to visit his rabbi.  The rabbi listened solemnly to
his problem, took his hand, and said, "Pray to God."
	So the Jew went to the synagogue, bowed his head, and prayed, "God,
please help me.  My son, my favorite son, he's going to marry a shiksa, he
sees nothing but goyim..."
	"Your son," boomed down this voice from the heavens, "you think
you got problems.  What about my son?"


Hark ye, Clinker, you are a most notorious offender.  You stand
convicted of sickness, hunger, wretchedness, and want.
		-- Tobias Smollet


	The Magician of the Ivory Tower brought his latest invention for the
master programmer to examine.  The magician wheeled a large black box into the
master's office while the master waited in silence.
	"This is an integrated, distributed, general-purpose workstation,"
began the magician, "ergonomically designed with a proprietary operating
system, sixth generation languages, and multiple state of the art user
interfaces.  It took my assistants several hundred man years to construct.
Is it not amazing?"
	The master raised his eyebrows slightly. "It is indeed amazing," he
said.
	"Corporate Headquarters has commanded," continued the magician, "that
everyone use this workstation as a platform for new programs.  Do you agree
to this?"
	"Certainly," replied the master, "I will have it transported to the
data center immediately!"  And the magician returned to his tower, well
pleased.
	Several days later, a novice wandered into the office of the master
programmer and said, "I cannot find the listing for my new program.  Do
you know where it might be?"
	"Yes," replied the master, "the listings are stacked on the platform
in the data center."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


If they can make penicillin out of moldy bread, they can sure make
something out of you.
		-- Muhammad Ali


WOLF:
	A man who knows all the ankles.


The Worst Car Hire Service
	When David Schwartz left university in 1972, he set up Rent-a-wreck
as a joke.  Being a natural prankster, he acquired a fleet of beat-up
shabby, wreckages waiting for the scrap heap in California.
	He put on a cap and looked forward to watching people's faces as he
conducted them round the choice of bumperless, dented junkmobiles.
	To his lasting surprise there was an insatiable demand for them and
he now has 26 thriving branches all over America.  "People like driving
round in the worst cars available," he said.  Of course they do.
	"If a driver damages the side of a car and is honest enough to
admit it, I tell him, `Forget it'.  If they bring a car back late we
overlook it.  If they've had a crash and it doesn't involve another vehicle
we might overlook that too."
	"Where's the ashtray?" asked one Los Angeles wife, as she settled
into the ripped interior.  "Honey," said her husband, "the whole car's the
ash tray."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind.
		-- William Shakespeare


A pig is a jolly companion,
Boar, sow, barrow, or gilt --
A pig is a pal, who'll boost your morale,
Though mountains may topple and tilt.
When they've blackballed, bamboozled, and burned you,
When they've turned on you, Tory and Whig,
Though you may be thrown over by Tabby and Rover,
You'll never go wrong with a pig, a pig,
You'll never go wrong with a pig!
		-- Thomas Pynchon, "Gravity's Rainbow"


If you drink, don't park.  Accidents make people.


QOTD:
	"I only touch base with reality on an as-needed basis!"


Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"

Whenever one person is found adequate to the discharge of a duty by
close application thereto, it is worse execute by two persons and
scarcely done at all if three or more are employed therein.
		-- George Washington (1732-1799)


Blithwapping, v.:
	Using anything BUT a hammer to hammer a nail into the
	wall, such as shoes, lamp bases, doorstops, etc.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


...the flaw that makes perfection perfect.


Owe no man any thing...
		-- Romans 13:8


				UNIX Trix

For those of you in the reseller business, here is a helpful tip that will
save your support staff a few hours of precious time.  Before you send your
next machine out to an untrained client, change the permissions on /etc/passwd
to 666 and make sure there is a copy somewhere on the disk.  Now when they
forget the root password, you can easily login as an ordinary user and correct
the damage.  Having a bootable tape (for larger machines) is not a bad idea
either.  If you need some help, give us a call.

		-- CommUNIXque 1:1, ASCAR Business Systems


When the usher noticed a man stretched across three seats in a movie theatre,
he walked over and whispered, "I'm sorry, sir, but you're allowed only a single
seat." The man moaned, but did not budge.  "Sir," the user said more loudly,
"if you don't move, I'll have to call a manager."  The man moaned again but
stayed where he was. The usher left, and returned with the manager, who, after
several more attempts at dislodging the fellow, called the police.
	The cop took a look at the reclining man and said, "All right, boyo,
what's your name?"
	"Samuel," he mumbled.
	"And where're you from, Sam?"
	"The balcony."


	Home centers are designed for the do-it-yourselfer who's
willing to pay higher prices for the convenience of being able to shop
for lumber, hardware, and toasters all in one location.  Notice I say
"shop for", as opposed to "obtain".  This is the major drawback of home
centers: they are always out of everything except artificial Christmas
trees.  The home center employees have no time to reorder merchandise
because they are too busy applying little price stickers to every
object -- every board, washer, nail and screw -- in the entire store ...
	Let's say a piece in your toilet tank breaks, so you remove the
broken part, take it to the home center, and ask an employee if he has
a replacement.  The employee, who has never is his life even seen the
inside of a toilet tank, will peer at the broken part in very much the
same way that a member of a primitive Amazon jungle tribe would look at
an electronic calculator, and then say, "We're expecting a shipment of
these sometime around the middle of next week".
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(12) Freedom is God-given.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Whether you can hear it or not
The Universe is laughing behind your back
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


	Many lower life forms demonstrate qualities that, at first, just don't
seem survival oriented.  For instance, the female praying mantis, after mating
with, well, her mate, will devour him.  For the male praying mantis, however,
it's a catch-22.  If he mates, he gets screwed out of an opportunity to mate
again.  If he doesn't mate, he doesn't reproduce, ending his family tree.  This
suicidal behavior is commonly called the Preying Mantis Syndrome -- and many
life forms are periodically subject to its wrath.  How did the preying mantis
become stuck in such an awful, vicious cycle?  This is probably what happened:
	The male mantis arrives at the residence of the female mantis.  After
some courtship exercises (dinner, a movie, inserting the diaphragm) they mate.
The female mantis, her lust for... lust being satisfied, relaxes while the
male raids the refrigerator and returns home.  This behavior continues until
the male and female (mantissas?) establish a permanent relationship.  Then the
male establishes a new pattern of behavior:  Football on Mondays, baseball on
Tuesdays, happy hour on Wednesdays, uh, well, uh, working-late-at-the-office
on Thursdays, etc. etc.  The female tolerates this for awhile, then files for
a divorce.  After a long court battle, she concludes one thing:  It simplifies
matters tremendously to just eat him when you're done with him.
	Well, through the centuries of evolution, the Preying Mantis Syndrome
has been carried up to the highest life forms, as well as to humans.  That is
why, one week out of every month, the female of the species will feel compelled
to bite the head off of the male.  The Syndrome is inescapable, but when it
occurs in the female of our species, it's best to just avoid them for a while.


O'Brian's Law:
	Everything is always done for the wrong reasons.


Q:	What goes red, white, red, white, pink, pink, pink?
A:	Baby in a blender.

Q:	Why do you put a baby in a blender feet first?
A:	So you can watch the expression on its little face.


Body by Nautilus, Brain by Mattel.


Coding is easy;  All you do is sit staring at a
terminal until the drops of blood form on your forehead.


I don't need no arms around me...
I don't need no drugs to calm me...
I have seen the writing on the wall.
Don't think I need anything at all.
No!  Don't think I need anything at all!
All in all, it was all just bricks in the wall.
All in all, it was all just bricks in the wall.
		-- Pink Floyd, "Another Brick in the Wall", Part III


I'm never through with a girl until I've had her three ways.
		-- J.F. Kennedy


They couldn't hit an elephant at this dist...
		-- Civil War General John Sedgwick, his last words,
		   Battle of Spotsylvania Court House, 1864


IN BOX:
	A catch basin for everything you don't want
	to deal with, but are afraid to throw away.


Two pirates are sitting in a seaside tavern, talking.  One of them has a
hook instead of a hand, and an eye patch.  The other pirate has a wooden
leg.  Over a few beers, they start to tell each other how they received their
injuries.
	"One day," says the first pirate, "we had pulled alongside a merchant
vessel and were boarding her.  I had my sword drawn when suddenly a man with
a saber caught me by surprise and cut my hand off.  So I had this hook put
on.  How did you lose your leg?"
	"From a broadside of grapeshot from an English military vessel, in a
terrific battle off the coast of France.  And how about your eye?"
	"Well, I don't really like to talk about it," said the first pirate.
	"Come on," says the second pirate.  "It doesn't matter after all
these years, does it?"
	"Oh, okay," says the first pirate.  "See, it's pretty embarrassing;
a seagull shit in my eye."
	"A seagull!?  I can see how that would hurt, but I don't see why
you would *lose* the eye..."
	"But," the first pirate says, "it was my first day with the hook."


Let no guilty man escape.
		-- U. S. Grant


For those of you who have been unfortunate enough to never have tasted the
'Great Chieftain O' the Pudden Race' (i.e. haggis) here is an easy to follow
recipe which results in a dish remarkably similar to the above mentioned
protected species.
	Ingredients:
	  1 Sheep's Pluck (heart, lungs, liver) and bag
	  2 teacupsful toasted oatmeal
	  1 teaspoonful salt
	  8 oz. shredded suet
	  2 small onions
	1/2 teaspoonful black pepper

	Scrape and clean bag in cold, then warm, water.  Soak in salt water
overnight.  Wash pluck, then boil for 2 hours with windpipe draining over
the side of pot.  Retain 1 pint of stock.  Cut off windpipe, remove surplus
gristle, chop or mince heart and lungs, and grate best part of liver (about
half only).  Parboil and chop onions, mix all together with oatmeal, suet,
salt, pepper and stock to moisten.  Pack the mixture into bag, allowing for
swelling.  Boil for three hours, pricking regularly all over.  If bag not
available, steam in greased basin covered by greaseproof paper and cloth for
four to five hours.


Eloquence is logic on fire.


Some men are so macho they'll get you pregnant just to kill a rabbit.
		-- Maureen Murphy


The state law of Pennsylvania prohibits singing in the bathtub.


We all know that no one understands anything that isn't funny.


I don't have to take this abuse from you -- I've got
hundreds of people waiting to abuse me.
		-- Bill Murray, "Ghostbusters"


Men aren't attracted to me by my mind.
They're attracted by what I don't mind...
		-- Gypsy Rose Lee


Did you hear about the new German microwave oven?
		... Seats 500.


Politics and the fate of mankind are formed by men without ideals and
without greatness. Those who have greatness within them do not go in
for politics.
		-- Albert Camus


CANCER (June 21 - July 22)
	You are sympathetic and understanding of other people's problems.
	They think you are a sucker.  You are always putting things off.
	That's why you'll never make anything of yourself.  Most welfare
	recipients are Cancer people.


Likewise, the national appetizer, brine-cured herring with raw onions,
wins few friends, Germans excepted.
		-- Darwin Porter, "Scandinavia On $50 A Day"


You look like a million dollars.  All green and wrinkled.


If you lend someone $20 and never see that person again, it was
probably worth it.


Listen, there is no courage or any extra courage that I know of to find out
the right thing to do.  Now, it is not only necessary to do the right thing,
but to do it in the right way and the only problem you have is what is the
right thing to do and what is the right way to do it.  That is the problem.
But this economy of ours is not so simple that it obeys to the opinion of
bias or the pronouncements of any particular individual, even to the President.
This is an economy that is made up of 173 million people, and it reflects
their desires, they're ready to buy, they're ready to spend, it is a thing
that is too complex and too big to be affected adversely or advantageously
just by a few words or any particular -- say, a little this and that, or even
a panacea so alleged.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower, in response to: "Has the
		   government been lacking in courage and boldness in
		   facing up to the recession?"


If your enemy is buried in quicksand up to his neck, pull him out.
If he is buried up to his eyes, step on his head.
		-- Niccolo Machiavelli, "The Prince"


God is real, unless declared integer.


You cannot use your friends and have them too.


With reasonable men I will reason;
with humane men I will plead;
but to tyrants I will give no quarter.
		-- William Lloyd Garrison


How doth the VAX's C-compiler
	Improve its object code.
And even as we speak does it
	Increase the system load.

How patiently it seems to run
	And spit out error flags,
While users, with frustration, all
	Tear all their clothes to rags.


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"A well-written program is its own heaven; a poorly-written program
	is its own hell."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


There are no answers, only cross-references.
		-- Weiner


	"We friends, yes?"  The shoe shine boy put on his hustling smile
and looked into the Sailor's dead, cold, undersea eyes, eyes without a
trace of warmth or lust or hate or any feeling the boy had experienced
in himself or seen in another, at once cold and intense, impersonal and
predatory.
	The Sailor leaned forward and put a finger on the boy's inner arm
at the elbow.  He spoke in his dead junky whisper.  "With veins like that,
Kid, I'd have myself a time!"
		-- William Burroughs


Worth seeing?
Yes, but not worth going to see.


Adult, n.:
	One old enough to know better.


If happiness is in your destiny, you need not be in a hurry.
		-- Chinese proverb


Politicians are the same everywhere.  They promise
to build a bridge even where there is no river.
		-- Nikita Khrushchev


The Microsoft Exchange MTA Stacks service depends on the Microsoft Exchange
System Attendant service which failed to start because of the following
error:

The operation completed successfully.

For more information, see Help and Support Center at
http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/events.asp.


Research is to see what everybody else has seen,
and think what nobody else has thought.


You are here:
		***
		***
	     *********
	      *******
	       *****
		***
		 *

		 But you're not all there.


The porcupine with the sharpest quills gets stuck on a tree more
often.


The greatest disloyalty one can offer to great pioneers
is to refuse to move an inch from where they stood.


I'm not stupid, I'm not expendable, and I'M NOT GOING!


When the going gets tough, the tough get empirical.
		-- Jon Carroll


Keep cool, but don't freeze.
		-- Hellman's Mayonnaise


There are three things men can do with women:
love them, suffer for them, or turn them into literature.
		-- Stephen Stills


Now I lay me back to sleep.
The speaker's dull; the subject's deep.
If he should stop before I wake,
Give me a nudge for goodness' sake.
		-- Anonymous


If the Lord God Almighty had consulted me before embarking upon the Creation,
I would have recommended something simpler.
		-- Alfonso the Wise, 13th Century King of Castile,
		   Commenting on the Almagest, by Ptolemy.


All a man needs out of life is a place to sit 'n' spit in the fire.


IBM had a PL/I,
Its syntax worse than JOSS;
And everywhere this language went,
It was a total loss.


I think pop music has done more for oral intercourse than anything else
that has ever happened, and vice versa.
		-- Frank Zappa


I haven't lost my mind -- it's backed up on tape somewhere.


	The only real game in the world, I think, is baseball...
You've got to start way down, at the bottom, when you're six or seven years
old. You can't wait until you're fifteen or sixteen.  You've got to let it
grow up with you, and if you're successful and you try hard enough, you're
bound to come out on top, just like these boys have come to the top now.
		-- Babe Ruth, in his 1948 farewell speech at Yankee Stadium


If scientific reasoning were limited to the logical processes of
arithmetic, we should not get very far in our understanding of the physical
world.  One might as well attempt to grasp the game of poker entirely by
the use of the mathematics of probability.
		-- Vannevar Bush


	A man walks into a bar with a Leprechaun on his shoulder.  He walks
up to the bar and sits down, ordering a beer for himself and one for the
little Leprechaun.
	After a few beers, the Leprechaun jumps down off the guy's shoulder,
struts down the bar and comes to a stop in front of a rather large construction
worker.  Looking the guy right in the eye, he gives him a rather large, damp,
Bronx cheer.  And trots back to sit on his buddy's shoulder.  The worker is
pretty upset, but decides to shine on this rather offensive breach of manners.
	After another beer and a half though, the Leprechaun hops down and
walks over to his previous victim and goes "PPPPHHHHHHHBBBBTTTTTT" again.
Well, that's too much, and the victim knocks the Leprechaun off the bar and,
after walking over to stand very close to the Leprechaun's escort, tells him
in a rather overloud voice, that if it happens again, he's going to "cut off
his little dick!"
	Replies the escort, "Leprechauns don't have dicks."
	"Yeah?  Well, then," asks the big man, how does he take a piss?"
	"PPPPHHHHHHHBBBBTTTTTT!!!!"


Lots of folks confuse bad management with destiny.
		-- Frank Hubbard


... Let me tell you who the actual "front-runners" are.  On one side,
you have George Bush, who is currently going through a sort of
fraternity hazing wherein he has to perform a series of humiliating
stunts to win the approval of the Republican Right.  For example, they
had him make a speech oozing praise all over William Loeb, deceased
publisher of the Manchester (N.H.) Union Leader and Slime Journalist.
Loeb had dumped viciously all over George in the 1980 New Hampshire
primary.  But when the Right held a big tribute for Loeb, George came
back to the fold, like a man with a bungee cord wrapped around his
neck.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Twinkie and the Squid"


What the hell, go ahead and put all your eggs in one basket.


Ignorance is never out of style.  It was in fashion yesterday, it is the
rage today, and it will set the pace tomorrow.
		-- Franklin K. Dane


The weed of crime bears bitter fruit.


Miller's Slogan:
	Lose a few, lose a few.


Research is the best place to be: you work your buns off, and if it works
you're a hero; if it doesn't, well -- nobody else has done it yet either,
so you're still a valiant nerd.


Meanehwael, baccat meaddehaele, monstaer lurccen;
Fulle few too many drincce, hie luccen for fyht.
[D]en Hreorfneorht[d]hwr, son of Hrwaerow[p]heororthwl,
AEsccen aewful jeork to steop outsyd.
[P]hud!  Bashe!  Crasch!  Beoom!  [D]e bigge gye
Eallum his bon brak, byt his nose offe;
Wicced Godsylla waeld on his asse.
Monstaer moppe fleor wy[p] eallum men in haelle.
Beowulf in bacceroome fonecall bemaccen waes;
Hearen sond of ruccus saed, "Hwaet [d]e helle?"
Graben sheold strang ond swich-blaed scharp
Sond feorth to fyht [d]e grimlic foe.
"Me," Godsylla saed, "mac [d]e minsemete."
Heoro cwyc geten heold wi[p] faemed half-nelson
Ond flyng him lic frisbe bac to fen.
Beowulf belly up to meaddehaele bar,
Saed, "Ne foe beaten mie faersom cung-fu."
Eorderen cocca-colha yce-coeld, [d]e reol [p]yng.


	Are you a Young Urban Professional Woman?  If so, you know how
Yuppie women are; cold, ruthless bitches with no time for love, and only
an occasional weekend for sex.  Your one "hot date" with Joe Fastrack,
rising corporate star, ended in disaster.  Yesterday you heard him telling
a friend over lunch, "The woman must masturbate with popsicles!"  Well,
all is not lost!  SofSqueeze can change your nickname to Electrolux in just
15 minutes a day!
	SofSqueeze is a pressure sensitive device (divided into appropriate
sections) that plugs into the serial port of most home computers.  Through
the magic of biofeedback, SofSqueeze teaches you control over your vaginal
muscles.  With our exciting, easy-to-follow software you'll master the
"Cincinnati Squeeze", the "Irresistible", the "California Crusher", and,
of course, the perennial favorite, "Milking Time Down on the Farm".  Or,
using our exclusive Interactive Mode, invent your own!
	SofSqueeze is made of sturdy ABS plastic, and is completely
immersible for easy cleaning.  SofSqueeze's flesh-toned exterior is finely
textured for a realistic effect.  Requires 4K RAM, a DB25 serial port and
limited graphics capability.  Comes fully assembled, with 4 AA batteries.


A Nixon [is preferable to] a Dean Rusk -- who will be passionately
wrong with a high sense of consistency.
		-- J. K. Galbraith


Support the right of unborn males to bear arms!
		-- A public service announcement from Phyllis Schlafly,
		   the Catholic Church, and the National Rifle
		   Association


Hugh Hefner is a virgin.


You will give someone a piece of your mind, which you can ill afford.


The correct way to punctuate a sentence that starts: "Of course it is
none of my business, but --" is to place a period after the word "but."
Don't use excessive force in supplying such a moron with a period.
Cutting his throat is only a momentary pleasure and is bound to get you
talked about.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"


A long-forgotten loved one will appear soon.
Buy the negatives at any price.


Bones: "The man's DEAD, Jim!"


The surest sign that a man is in love is when he divorces his wife.


A woman can never be too rich or too thin.


You will gain money by an immoral action.


History repeats itself -- the first time as a tragi-comedy, the second
time as bedroom farce.


There once was a king who ruled his country long, wisely, and well.  The
king had a son whom he hoped would someday rule the land.  He also wished
in his heart that the son would be wise and compassionate.  One day he said
to the prince:
	"If you promised that you would give a certain woman anything, even
half of your kingdom, and then she demanded the life of your best friend,
what would your decision be, my son?"
	The young prince thought for a moment and then said, "I would tell
her that the life of my best friend did not lie in the half of the kingdom
that I had promised."
	The king knew that his son would be a great king.


Avoid Quiet and Placid persons unless you are in Need of Sleep.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


	Dallas Cowboys Official Schedule

	Sept 14		Pasadena Junior High
	Sept 21		Boy Scout Troop 049
	Sept 28		Blind Academy
	Sept 30		World War I Veterans
	Oct 5		Brownie Scout Troop 041
	Oct 12		Sugarcreek High Cheerleaders
	Oct 26		St. Thomas Boys Choir
	Nov 2		Texas City Vet Clinic
	Nov 9		Korean War Amputees
	Nov 15		VA Hospital Polio Patients


How can you think and hit at the same time?
		-- Yogi Berra


Lubarsky's Law of Cybernetic Entomology:
	There's always one more bug.


AMOEBIT:
	Amoeba/rabbit cross; it can multiply
	and divide at the same time.


Dear Lord: Please make my words sweet and tender, for tomorrow I may
have to eat them.


	One night when his charge was pretty high, Micro-Farad decided to
seek out a cute little coil to let him discharge.  He picked up Milli-Amp
and took her for a ride on his Megacycle.  They rode across the Wheatstone
bridge, around the sine waves, and stopped in the magnetic field by the
flowing current.  Micro-Farad, attracted by Milli-Amp's characteristic curves,
soon had her fully charged and excited, her resistance to a minimum.  He laid
her on the ground potential, raised her frequency, and lowered her reluctance.
He pulled out his high voltage probe and inserted it into her socket,
connecting them in parallel and began short circuiting her resistance shunt.
Fully excited, Milli-Amp mumbled:  "OHM-OHM-OHM."
	With his tube operating at a maximum and her field vibrating with
his current flow, it caused her shunt to overheat, and Micro-Farad was rapidly
discharged and drained of every electron.  They Fluxed all night trying
various connections and sockets until his magnet had a soft core and lost
all of its field strength.
	Afterwards, Milli-Amp tried self-induction and damaged her solenoids.
With his battery fully discharged, Micro-Farad was unable to excite his field,
so they spent the night reversing polarity and blowing each others fuses.
		-- Eddie Currents, "The Sex Life of an Electron"


A beautiful woman is a picture which drives all beholders nobly mad.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Reappraisal, n.:
	An abrupt change of mind after being found out.


SCORPIO (Oct 23 - Nov 21)
	You are shrewd in business and cannot be trusted.  You will achieve
	the pinnacle of success because of your total lack of ethics.  Most
	Scorpio people are murdered.


America, how can I write a holy litany in your silly mood?
		-- Allen Ginsberg


Largest Number of Driving Test Failures
	By April 1970 Mrs. Miriam Hargrave had failed her test thirty-nine
times.  In the eight preceding years she had received two hundred and
twelve driving lessons at a cost of L300.  She set the new record while
driving triumphantly through a set of red traffic lights in Wakefield,
Yorkshire.  Disappointingly, she passed at the fortieth attempt (3 August
1970) but eight years later she showed some of her old magic when she was
reported as saying that she still didn't like doing right-hand turns.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Old Mother Hubbard lived in a shoe,
She had so many children,
She didn't know what to do.
So she moved to Atlanta.


It's a recession when your neighbor loses his job; it's a depression
when you lose yours.
		-- Harry S. Truman


Dark and lonely on a summer night
	Kill my landlord,
	Kill my landlord.
The watchdog barkin'
Do he bite?
	Kill my landlord,
	Kill my landlord.
Slip in his window.
Break his neck.
Then his house I start to wreck
Got no reason,
What the heck?
	Kill my landlord,
	Kill my landlord.
	C-I-L-L my landlord!
		-- "Images" by Tyrone Green, SNL


Eat prune yogurt for that "get up and go" feeling.


Distributed Systems people do it loosely coupled.


Never tell people how to do things.  Tell them WHAT to
do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.
		-- Gen. George S. Patton, Jr.


The explanation requiring the fewest assumptions
is the most likely to be correct.
		-- William of Occam


