O, it is excellent
To have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous
To use it like a giant.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Measure for Measure", II, 2


Watership Down:
You've read the book.  You've seen the movie.  Now eat the stew!


A Scotsman clad in kilts left a bar one evening fair.
One could tell by how he walked, he'd drunk more than his share.
He staggered on until he could no longer keep his feet.
So he stumbled off into the grass to sleep beside the street.

Later on two young and lovely girls just happened by.
One says to the other, with a twinkle in her eye.
"See yon sleeping Scotsman so young and handsome built?"
"I wonder if it's true what they don't wear beneath their kilts?"

They stepped up to the Scotsman, so young and fancy free.
They lifted up his kilt above the waist so they could see.
And there behold for them the view beneath his Scottish skirt,
Was nothing more than God had graced him with upon his birth.

They marveled for a moment, then one said, "Best be gone."
"Let's leave a present for our friend before we move along."
As a gift they left a blue ribbon tied into a bow,
Around the bonny star of the Scot's kilt lifting show.

The Scot awoke to nature's call and stumbled to the trees.
Behind a bush he lifts his kilt and gawks at what he sees.
Then in a startled voice he says to what's before his eyes,
"Och, lad I dinna know whar' ya been, but I see ya won first prize."
		-- Mike Cross, "The Scotsman"


To thine own self be true.
(If not that, at least make some money.)


While having never invented a sin,
I'm trying to perfect several.


Sanity and insanity overlap a fine grey line.


The best man for the job is often a woman.


A New Way of Taking Pills
	A physician one night in Wisconsin being disturbed by a burglar, and
having no ball or shot for his pistol, noiselessly loaded the weapon with
small, hard pills, and gave the intruder a "prescription" which he thinks
will go far towards curing the rascal of a very bad ailment.
		-- Nevada Morning Transcript, January 30, 1861


Not only is this incomprehensible, but the ink is
ugly and the paper is from the wrong kind of tree.
		-- Professor W., EECS, George Washington University

I'm looking forward to working with you on this next year.
		-- Professor, Harvard, on a senior thesis


If you live in a country run by committee, be on the committee.
		-- Graham Summer


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(22) Morality is not defined by individual choice.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
		-- Martin Luther King, Jr.


Bad men live that they may eat and drink,
whereas good men eat and drink that they may live.
		-- Socrates


Progress was all right.  Only it went on too long.
		-- James Thurber


Miller's Slogan:
	Lose a few, lose a few.


The solution of problems is the most characteristic
and peculiar sort of voluntary thinking.
		-- William James


Ginsburg's Law:
	At the precise moment you take off your shoe in a shoe store, your
	big toe will pop out of your sock to see what's going on.


It was on the tip of my tongue to tell them about the deer, but I ended up
not doing it.  That was one thing I kept to myself.  I've never spoken or
written of it until just now, today.  And I have to tell you that it seems
a lesser thing written down, damn near inconsequential.  But for me it was
the best part of that trip, the cleanest part, and it was a moment I found
myself returning to, almost helplessly, when there was trouble in my life --
my first day in the bush in Vietnam, and this fellow walked into the clearing
where we were with his hand over his nose and when he took his hand away there
was no nose there because it had been shot off; the time the doctor told us
our youngest son might be hydrocephalic (he turned out just to have an
oversized head, thank God); the long crazy weeks before my mother died.  I
would find my thoughts turning back to that morning, the scuffed suede of
her ears, the white flash of her tail.  But eight hundred million Red Chinese
don't give a shit, right?  The most important things are the hardest to say,
because words diminish them.  It's hard to make strangers care about the
good things in your life.
		-- Stephen King, "The Body"


Fuck art; let's dance!


There's no point in being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes.
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


You're almost as happy as you think you are.


IBM had a PL/I,
Its syntax worse than JOSS;
And everywhere this language went,
It was a total loss.


If you fail to plan, plan to fail.


I don't know anything about music.  In my line you don't have to.
		-- Elvis Presley


Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Cleveland?
Yes, I spent a week there one day.


Q:	Do you think the idea of "one tool doing one job" has been
	abandoned? ...
A:	Those days are dead and gone and the eulogy was delivered by
	Perl.
		-- Rob Pike


Two rights don't make a wrong, they make an airplane.


Marijuana is nature's way of saying, "Hi!".


Benny Hill:	Would you like a peanut?
Girl:		No, thank you, I don't want to be under obligation.
Benny Hill:	You won't be under obligation for a peanut.
		It's not as if it were a chocolate bar or something.


In reply to a message by Scott Long:

> Note: this amounts to life support for floppies.  The end IS coming.

Say it ain't so!  If you establish a dangerous trend like this in
your support for floppy booting, the next thing you know, some
computer manufacturer will start shipping machines without ANY FLOPPY
DRIVE AT ALL, leading to the infocalypse, the four horsemen pouring
their vials upon the earth, the birth of the anti-christ (or PERL 6,
whichever comes first), dogs and cats living together, etc.

It's the end of days, I tell you!  The end!  Can the FreeBSD/NetBSD
merger be that far off?
		-- Jordan Hubbard (31 January 2006)


Love means never having to say you're sorry.
		-- Eric Segal, "Love Story"

That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard.
		-- Ryan O'Neill, "What's Up Doc?"


Said crew girl Angelica Bauer:
"The captain's withdrawn, cold, and sour."
	Uhura said, "No,
	At night that's not so--
He doesn't withdraw for an hour."


It's hard to outrun dead people because they don't have to breathe.
		-- Hokey, describing "Night of the Living Dead"


He hated to mend, so young Ned
Called in a cute neighbor instead.
	Her husband said, "Vi,
	When you stitched up his torn fly,
Did you have to bite off the thread?"


One who does not know a burro from a burrow does not know
his ass from a hole in the ground!


Driving in Texas is simple.  For the first 100 miles you swerve to
avoid jackrabbits.  For the second 100 miles you hit whatever
jackrabbits get in the way.  After that you chase off into the
brush after them.


Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day
Fritter and waste the hours in an offhand way
Kicking around on a piece of ground in your hometown
Waiting for someone or something to show you the way

Tired of lying in the sunshine		And then one day you find
Staying home to watch the rain		Ten years have got behind you
You are young and life is long		No one told you when to run
And there is time to kill today		You missed the starting gun

And you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it's sinking
And racing around to come up behind you again
The sun is the same in a relative way but you're older
Shorter of breath and one day closer to death

Every year is getting shorter		Hanging on in quiet desperation
						is the English way
Never seem to find the time		The time is gone, the song is over
Plans that either come to nought	Thought I'd something more to say...
Or half a page of scribbled lines
		-- Pink Floyd, "Time"


Sam:  What's new, Norm?
Norm: Most of my wife.
		-- Cheers, The Spy Who Came in for a Cold One

Coach: Beer, Norm?
Norm:  Naah, I'd probably just drink it.
		-- Cheers, Now Pitching, Sam Malone

Coach:	What's doing, Norm?
Norm:	Well, science is seeking a cure for thirst.  I happen
	to be the guinea pig.
		-- Cheers, Let Me Count the Ways


			Pittsburgh driver's test
10: Potholes are
	a) extremely dangerous.
	b) patriotic.
	c) the fault of the previous administration.
	d) all going to be fixed next summer.
The correct answer is b.
Potholes destroy unpatriotic, unamerican, imported cars, since the holes
are larger than the cars.  If you drive a big, patriotic, American car
you have nothing to worry about.


Power and ignorance is a detestable cocktail.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Both models are identical in performance, functional operation, and
interface circuit details.  The two models, however, are not compatible
on the same communications line connection.
		-- Bell System Technical Reference


Brady's First Law of Problem Solving:
	When confronted by a difficult problem, you can solve it more
	easily by reducing it to the question, "How would the Lone Ranger
	have handled this?"


While having never invented a sin,
I'm trying to perfect several.


They ought to make butt-flavored cat food.
		-- Gallagher


November, n.:
	The eleventh twelfth of a weariness.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Negotiate my ass, let's kill something!


QOTD:
	"It's been Monday all week today."


A new 'chutist had just jumped from the plane at 10,000 feet, and soon
discovered that all his lines were hopelessly tangled.  At about 5,000 feet,
still struggling, he noticed someone coming up from the ground at about the
same speed as he was going towards the ground.  As they passed each other at
3,000 feet, the 'chutist yells, "HEY! DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT PARACHUTES?"
	The reply came, fading towards the end, "NO!  DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT COLEMAN STOVES?"


In an organization, each person rises to the level of his own
incompetency
		-- The Peter Principle


... But we've only fondled the surface of that subject.
		-- Virginia Masters


I never expected to see the day when girls would get sunburned in the
places they do today.
		-- Will Rogers


Mother Earth is not flat!


The truth is what is; what should be is a dirty lie.
		-- Lenny Bruce


'Tis the dream of each programmer,
Before his life is done,
To write three lines of APL,
And make the damn things run.


The worst cliques are those which consist of one man.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Time goes, you say?
Ah no!
Time stays, *we* go.
		-- Austin Dobson


Send some filthy mail.


God gave man two ears and one tongue so
that we listen twice as much as we speak.
		-- Arab proverb


	Vice-President Hubert Humphrey's loquacity is legendary, and Barry
Goldwater notes that "Hubert has been clocked at 275 words a minute with gusts
up to 340."

	On the campaign trail during 1964, Republican nominee Barry Goldwater
stated, "The immediate task before us is to cut the Federal Government down
to size... we must take Lyndon's credit card away from him."

	A favorite 1964 campaign stunt of Barry Goldwater's was to poke a
finger through a pair of lensless blackrimmed glasses, saying, "These glasses
are just like [Lyndon Johnson's] programs.  They look good but they don't
work."
		-- Bill Adler, "The Washington Wits"


Since I hurt my pendulum
My life is all erratic.
My parrot who was cordial
Is now transmitting static.
The carpet died, a palm collapsed,
The cat keeps doing poo.
The only thing that keeps me sane
Is talking to my shoe.
		-- My Shoe


An American scientist once visited the offices of the great Nobel prize
winning physicist, Niels Bohr, in Copenhagen.  He was amazed to find that
over Bohr's desk was a horseshoe, securely nailed to the wall, with the
open end up in the approved manner (so it would catch the good luck and not
let it spill out).  The American said with a nervous laugh,
	"Surely you don't believe the horseshoe will bring you good luck,
do you, Professor Bohr?  After all, as a scientist --"
Bohr chuckled.
	"I believe no such thing, my good friend.  Not at all.  I am
scarcely likely to believe in such foolish nonsense.  However, I am told
that a horseshoe will bring you good luck whether you believe in it or not."


Katz' Law:
	Men and nations will act rationally when
	all other possibilities have been exhausted.

History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have
exhausted all other alternatives.
		-- Abba Eban


Once upon a time there was a sperm named Stanley.  He'd do pushups and
somersaults and limber up all the time, while the other sperm just lay around
on their fat asses not doing a thing.  One day, one of them became curious
enough to ask Stanley why he exercised all day.  Stanley said,
	"Look, only one sperm gets a woman pregnant and when the right
time comes, I am going to be that one."
A few days later, the all felt themselves getting hotter and hotter, and they
knew that it was getting to be their time to go.  They were released abruptly
and, sure enough, there was Stanley swimming far ahead of all the others.
All of a sudden, Stanley stopped, turned around, and began to swim back with
all his might.
	"Go back! Go back!" he screamed.  "It's a blow job!"


1st graffitiest: QUESTION AUTHORITY!

2nd graffitiest: Why?


When I say the magic word to all these people, they will vanish forever.
I will then say the magic words to you, and you, too, will vanish -- never
to be seen again.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., "Between Time and Timbuktu"


When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever
remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
		-- Sherlock Holmes, "The Sign of Four"


Where you stand depends on where you sit.
		-- Rufus Miles, HEW


Then here's to the City of Boston,
The town of the cries and the groans.
Where the Cabots can't see the Kabotschniks,
And the Lowells won't speak to the Cohns.
		-- Franklin Pierce Adams


The way some people find fault, you'd think there was some kind of reward.


Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company.
		-- Mark Twain


It is a sobering thought that when Mozart was
my age, he had been dead for 2 years.
		-- Tom Lehrer


Sacred cows make great hamburgers.


FORTUNE TESTS THE GREAT MANAGERS: #5

You have just returned from a trip to Green Bay, Wisconsin in January and
tell your boss that nobody but ladies of the evening and football players
live there.  He mentions that his wife is from Green Bay.  You:

	(a)  Pretend you are suffering from amnesia and don't
		remember your name.
	(b)  Ask what position she played.
	(c)  Ask if she is still working the streets.
	(d)  Pull lacy underwear from your raincoat pocket and ask
		if he recognizes the label.


David was just a shepherd who liked to get his rocks off in leather.


Beauty, brains, availability, personality; pick any two.


I disagree with what you say, but will defend
to the death your right to tell such LIES!


The quality of a blow-job is determined by the
length of sheet you have to pull out of your ass.


You do not have mail.


Q:	Why does an elephant have 4 feet?
A:	Because 8 inches isn't enough.


Nachman's Rule:
	When it comes to foreign food, the less authentic the better.
		-- Gerald Nachman


It was a virgin forest, a place where the Hand of Man had never set
foot.


Snakes.  Why did it have to be snakes?


For the next hour, WE will control all that you see and hear.


I always choose my friends for their good looks and my enemies for their
good intellects.  Man cannot be too careful in his choice of enemies.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Picture of Dorian Gray"


In this vale
Of toil and sin
Your head grows bald
But not your chin.
		-- Burma Shave


(1)	Office employees will daily sweep the floors, dust the
	furniture, shelves, and showcases.
(2)	Each day fill lamps, clean chimneys, and trim wicks.
	Wash the windows once a week.
(3)	Each clerk will bring a bucket of water and a scuttle of
	coal for the day's business.
(4)	Make your pens carefully.  You may whittle nibs to your
	individual taste.
(5)	This office will open at 7 a.m. and close at 8 p.m. except
	on the Sabbath, on which day we will remain closed.  Each
	employee is expected to spend the Sabbath by attending
	church and contributing liberally to the cause of the Lord.
		-- "Office Worker's Guide", New England Carriage
		    Works, 1872


The only really good place to buy lumber is at a store where the lumber
has already been cut and attached together in the form of furniture,
finished, and put inside boxes.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Try to have as good a life as you can under the circumstances.


It is easier to run down a hill than up one.


Ed Sullivan will be around as long as someone else has talent.
		-- Fred Allen


Out of the crooked timber of humanity no straight thing can ever be made.
		-- Immanuel Kant


Man is an animal that makes bargains: no other animal does this--
no dog exchanges bones with another.
		-- Adam Smith


It is a wise father that knows his own child.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"


The first time, it's a KLUDGE!
The second, a trick.
Later, it's a well-established technique!
		-- Mike Broido, Intermetrics


* UNIX is a Trademark of Bell Laboratories.


God wanted to have a holiday, so He asked St. Peter for suggestions on
where to go.
	"Why not go to Jupiter?" asked St. Peter.
	"No, too much gravity, too much stomping around," said God.
	"Well, how about Mercury?"
	"No, it's too hot there."
	"Okay," said St. Peter, "What about Earth?"
	"No," said God, "They're such horrible gossips.  When I was
there 2000 years ago, I had an affair with a Jewish woman, and they're
still talking about it."


QOTD:
	"I may not be able to walk, but I drive from the sitting position."


Jesus Saves,
Moses Invests,
But only Buddha pays Dividends.


SCORPIO (Oct.24 - Nov.21)
	You will receive word today that you are eligible to win a million
	dollars in prizes.  It will be from a magazine trying to get you to
	subscribe, and you're just dumb enough to think you've got a chance
	to win.  You never learn.


Remember, even if you win the rat race -- you're still a rat.


Stalin was dying, and summoned Khruschev to his bedside.  Wheezing his last
words with difficulty, Stalin tells Khruschev, "The reins of the country are
now in your hands.  But before I go, I want to give you some advice."
	"Yes, yes, what is it?" says Khruschev, impatiently.  Reaching under
his pillow, Stalin produced two envelopes labeled #1 and #2.
	"Take these letters," he tells Khruschev. "Keep them safely -- don't
open them.  Only if the country is in turmoil and things aren't going well,
open the first one.  That'll give you some advice on what to do.  And, if
after that, if things start getting REALLY bad, open the second one."  And
with a gasp Stalin breathed his last.
	Well, within a few years Khruschev started having problems --
unemployment increased, crops failed, people became restless.  He decided it
was time to open the first letter.  All it said was: "Blame everything on me!"
So Khruschev launched a massive deStalinization campaign, and blamed Stalin
for all the excesses and purges and ills of the present system.
	But things continued on the downslide, and, finally, after much
deliberation, Khruschev opened the second letter.
	All it said was: "Write two letters."


Drop the vase and it will become a Ming of the past.
		-- The Adventurer


			Pittsburgh driver's test
8: Pedestrians are
	a) irrelevant.
	b) communists.
	c) a nuisance.
	d) difficult to clean off the front grille.
The correct answer is a.  Pedestrians are not in cars, so they
are totally irrelevant to driving, and you should ignore them
completely.


Crito, I owe a cock to Asclepius; will you remember to pay the debt?
		-- Socrates' last words


Q:	What does a WASP Mom make for dinner?
A:	A crisp salad, a hearty soup, a lovely entree, followed by
	a delicious dessert.


Speak softly and carry a +6 two-handed sword.


The past always looks better than it was.
It's only pleasant because it isn't here.
		-- Finley Peter Dunne (Mr. Dooley)


Football is a game designed to keep coal miners off the streets.
		-- Jimmy Breslin


Man and wife make one fool.


You see, I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty
attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose.  A fool
takes in all the lumber of every sort he comes across, so that the knowledge
which might be useful to him gets crowded out, or at best is jumbled up with
a lot of other things, so that he has difficulty in laying his hands upon it.
Now the skillful workman is very careful indeed as to what he takes into his
brain-attic.  He will have nothing but the tools which may help him in doing
his work, but of these he has a large assortment, and all in the most perfect
order.  It is a mistake to think that that little room has elastic walls and
can distend to any extent.  Depend upon it there comes a time when for every
addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before.  It is of
the highest importance, therefore, not to have useless facts elbowing out
the useful ones.
		-- Sherlock Holmes


Comparing information and knowledge is like asking whether the fatness
of a pig is more or less green than the designated hitter rule."
		-- David Guaspari


When I was 16, I thought there was no hope for my father.
By the time I was 20, he had made great improvement.


Little Fly,
Thy summer's play		If thought is life
My thoughtless hand		And strength & breath,
Has brush'd away.		And the want
				Of thought is death,
Am not I
A fly like thee?		Then am I
Or art not thou			A happy fly
A man like me?			If I live
				Or if I die.

For I dance
And drink & sing,
Till some blind hand
Shall brush my wing.
		-- William Blake, "The Fly"


Those who express random thoughts to legislative committees are often
surprised and appalled to find themselves the instigators of law.
		-- Mark B. Cohen


Alone, adj.:
	In bad company.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


In the days of old,
When Knights were bold,
	And women were too cautious;
Oh, those gallant days,
When women were women,
	And men were really obnoxious.


It's better to be quotable than to be honest.
		-- Tom Stoppard


In the future, there will be fewer but better Russians.
		-- Joseph Stalin


With the end of the football season, a star player for the college team
celebrated the relaxation of team curfew by attending a late-night campus
party.  Soon after arriving, he became captivated by a beautiful coed and
eased into a conversation with her by asking if she met many dates at
parties.
	"Oh, I have a three point eight, so I'm much more attracted to the
strong academic types than to the dumb party animals," she said.  "What's
your G.P.A.?"
	Grinning ear to ear, the jock boasted, "I get about twenty-five in
the city and forty on the highway."


Regardless of whether a mission expands or contracts,
administrative overhead continues to grow at a steady rate.


As many of you know, I am taking a class here at UNC on Personality.
One of the tests to determine personality in our book was so incredibly
useful and interesting, I just had to share it.

Answer each of the following items "true" or "false"

 1. I salivate at the sight of mittens.
 2. If I go into the street, I'm apt to be bitten by a horse.
 3. Some people never look at me.
 4. Spinach makes me feel alone.
 5. My sex life is A-okay.
 6. When I look down from a high spot, I want to spit.
 7. I like to kill mosquitoes.
 8. Cousins are not to be trusted.
 9. It makes me embarrassed to fall down.
10. I get nauseous from too much roller skating.
11. I think most people would cry to gain a point.
12. I cannot read or write.
13. I am bored by thoughts of death.
14. I become homicidal when people try to reason with me.
15. I would enjoy the work of a chicken flicker.
16. I am never startled by a fish.
17. My mother's uncle was a good man.
18. I don't like it when somebody is rotten.
19. People who break the law are wise guys.
20. I have never gone to pieces over the weekend.


There was this New Yorker that had a lifelong ambition to be a Texan.
Fortunately, he had a Texan friend and went to him for advice.  "Mike,
you know I've always wanted to be a Texan.  You're a *real* Texan, what
should I do?"
	"Well," answered Mike, "The first thing you've got to do is look
like a Texan.  That means you have to dress right.  The second thing
you've got to do is speak in a southern drawl."
	"Thanks, Mike, I'll give it a try," replied the New Yorker.
	A few weeks passed and the New Yorker saunters into a store dressed
in a ten-gallon hat, cowboy boots, Levi jeans and a bandanna.  "Hey, there,
pardner, I'd like some beef, not too rare, and some of them fresh biscuits,"
he tells the counterman.
	The guy behind the counter takes a long look at him and then says,
"You must be from New York."
	The New Yorker blushes, and says, "Well, yes, I am.  How did
you know?"
	"Because this is a hardware store."


Vila:	"I think I have just made the biggest mistake of my life."
Orac:	"It is unlikely.  I would predict there are far greater mistakes
	waiting to be made by someone with your obvious talent for it."


QOTD:
	"I love your outfit, does it come in your size?"


Boys are beyond the range of anybody's sure understanding, at least
when they are between the ages of 18 months and 90 years.
		-- James Thurber


Modeling paged and segmented memories is tricky business.
		-- P. J. Denning


XLVII:
	Two-thirds of the Earth's surface is covered with water.  The other
	third is covered with auditors from headquarters.
XLVIII:
	The more time you spend talking about what you have been doing, the
	less time you have to spend doing what you have been talking about.
	Eventually, you spend more and more time talking about less and less
	until finally you spend all your time talking about nothing.
XLIX:
	Regulations grow at the same rate as weeds.
L:
	The average regulation has a life span one-fifth as long as a
	chimpanzee's and one-tenth as long as a human's -- but four times
	as long as the official's who created it.
LI:
	By the time of the United States Tricentennial, there will be more
	government workers than there are workers.
LII:
	People working in the private sector should try to save money.
	There remains the possibility that it may someday be valuable again.
		-- Norman Augustine


From too much love of living,
From hope and fear set free,
We thank with brief thanksgiving,
Whatever gods may be,
That no life lives forever,
That dead men rise up never,
That even the weariest river winds somewhere safe to sea.
		-- Swinburne


Commit the oldest sins the newest kind of ways.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


How come if you're horny it's lust, but if she's horny it's affection?


And Bezel saideth unto Sham: "Sham," he saideth, "Thou shalt goest
unto the town of Begorrah, and there thou shalt fetcheth unto thine
bosom 35 talents, and also shalt thou fetcheth a like number of cubits,
provideth that they are nice and fresh."
		-- Dave Barry, "Getting Religion"


Sally:	C'mon, Ted, all I'm asking you to do is share your feelings
		with me.
Ted:	ALL?  Do you realize what you're asking?  Men aren't trained
		to share.  We're trained to protect ourselves by not
		letting anyone too close.  Good grief, if I go around
		sharing everything with you, you could hang me out to dry.
Sally:	It's called "trust," Ted.
Ted:	"Sharing"?  "Trust"?  You're really asking me to sail into
		uncharted waters here.
		-- Sally Forth


Literature is mostly about sex and not much about having children and life
is the other way round.
		-- David Lodge, "The British Museum is Falling Down"


