Very few things actually get manufactured these days, because in an
infinitely large Universe, such as the one in which we live, most things one
could possibly imagine, and a lot of things one would rather not, grow
somewhere.  A forest was discovered recently in which most of the trees grew
ratchet screwdrivers as fruit.  The life cycle of the ratchet screwdriver is
quite interesting.  Once picked it needs a dark dusty drawer in which it can
lie undisturbed for years.  Then one night it suddenly hatches, discards its
outer skin that crumbles into dust, and emerges as a totally unidentifiable
little metal object with flanges at both ends and a sort of ridge and a hole
for a screw.  This, when found, will get thrown away.  No one knows what the
screwdriver is supposed to gain from this.  Nature, in her infinite wisdom,
is presumably working on it.


You can be replaced by this computer.


All the big corporations depreciate their possessions, and you can,
too, provided you use them for business purposes.  For example, if you
subscribe to the Wall Street Journal, a business-related newspaper, you
can deduct the cost of your house, because, in the words of U.S.
Supreme Court Chief Justice Warren Burger in a landmark 1979 tax
decision: "Where else are you going to read the paper?  Outside?  What
if it rains?"
		-- Dave Barry, "Sweating Out Taxes"


Lee's Law:
	Mother said there would be days like this,
	but she never said that there'd be so many!


The older I grow, the less important the comma becomes.
Let the reader catch his own breath.
		-- Elizabeth Clarkson Zwart


FORTRAN rots the brain.
		-- John McQuillin


Reception area, n.:
	The purgatory where office visitors are condemned to spend
	innumerable hours reading dog-eared back issues of trade
	magazines like Modern Plastics, Chain Saw Age, and Chicken World,
	while the receptionist blithely reads her own trade magazine --
	Cosmopolitan.


I'm an artist.
But it's not what I really want to do.
What I really want to do is be a shoe salesman.
I know what you're going to say --
"Dreamer!  Get your head out of the clouds."
All right!  But it's what I want to do.
Instead I have to go on painting all day long.

The world should make a place for shoe salesmen.
		-- J. Feiffer


Blood is thicker than water, and much tastier.


One of the signs of Napoleon's greatness is the fact that he
once had a publisher shot.
		-- Siegfried Unseld


You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.


Seems like this duck waddles into a pharmacy, waddles up to the prescription
counter and rings the bell.  The pharmacist walks up and asks, "Can I help
you?".
	The duck replies, "Yes, I'd like a box of condoms, please."
	"Certainly", says the pharmacist, "will that be cash or would
you like me to put it on your bill?"
	Snarls the duck, "Just what kind of duck do you think I am?"


If a man loses his reverence for any part of life,
he will lose his reverence for all of life.
		-- Albert Schweitzer


Board the windows, up your car insurance, and don't leave any booze in plain
sight.  It's St. Patrick's day in Chicago again.  The legend has it that St.
Patrick drove the snakes out of Ireland.  In fact, he was arrested for drunk
driving.  The snakes left because people kept throwing up on them.


Being a miner, as soon as you're too old and tired and sick and
stupid to do your job properly, you have to go, where the very
opposite applies with the judges.
		-- Beyond the Fringe


The heart is wiser than the intellect.


Half the posts to this group are about masturbation and the other half
are about penis size.  And what I want to know is, if all you're doing
is jerking off, why do you care how big it is?
		-- From alt.sex


The Great Movie Posters:

KATHERINE HEPBURN as the lying, stealing, singing, preying witch girl
of the Ozarks... "Low down white trash"?  Maybe so -- but let her hear
you say it and she'll break your head to prove herself a lady!
		-- Spitfire (1934)

Do Native Women Live With Apes?
		-- Love Life of a Gorilla (1937)

JUNGLE KISS!!
	When she looked into his eyes, felt his arms around her -- she
was no longer Tura, mysterious white goddess of the jungle tribes --
she was no longer the frozen-hearted high priestess under whose hypnotic
spell the worshipers of the great crocodile god meekly bowed -- she
was a girl in love!
	SEE the ravening charge of the hundred scared CROCODILES!
		-- Her Jungle Love (1938)

LOVE! HATE! JOY! FEAR! TORMENT! PANIC! SHAME! RAGE!
		-- Intermezzo (1939)


QOTD:
	"I thought I saw a unicorn on the way over, but it was just a
	horse with one of the horns broken off."


She often gave herself very good advice
(though she very seldom followed it).
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


You must include all income you receive in the form of money, property
and services if it is not specifically exempt.  Report property (goods)
and services at their fair market values.  Examples include income from
bartering or swapping transactions, side commissions, kickbacks, rent
paid in services, illegal activities (such as stealing, drugs, etc.),
cash skimming by proprietors and tradesmen, "moonlighting" services,
gambling, prizes and awards.  Not reporting such income can lead to
prosecution for perjury and fraud.
		-- Excerpt from Taxachussettes income tax forms


	A man sank into the psychiatrist's couch and said, "I have a
terrible problem, Doctor.  I have a son at Harvard and another son at
Princeton; I've just gifted each of them with a new Ferrari; I've got
homes in Beverly Hills, Palm Beach, and a co-op in New York; and I've
got a thriving ranch in Venezuela.  My wife is a gorgeous young actress
who considers my two mistresses to be her best friends."
	The psychiatrist looked at the patient, confused.  "Did I miss
something?  It sounds to me like you have no problems at all."
	"But, Doctor, I only make $175 a week."


The worst cliques are those which consist of one man.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


MARRIAGE:
	An old, established institution, entered into by two people deeply
	in love and desiring to make a commitment to each other expressing
	that love.  In short, commitment to an institution.


There is only one way to be happy by means of the heart -- to have none.
		-- Paul Bourget


The only alliance I would make with the Women's Liberation Movement is in bed.
		-- Abbey Hoffman


In any world menu, Canada must be considered the vichyssoise of nations --
it's cold, half-French, and difficult to stir.
		-- Stuart Keate


America: born free and taxed to death.


Udall's Fourth Law:
	Any change or reform you make
	is going to have consequences you don't like.


The salary of the chief executive of the large corporation is not a market
award for achievement.  It is frequently in the nature of a warm personal
gesture by the individual to himself.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith, "Annals of an Abiding Liberal"


Ever wondered about the origins of the term "bugs" as applied to computer
technology?  U.S. Navy Capt. Grace Murray Hopper has firsthand explanation.
The 74-year-old captain, who is still on active duty, was a pioneer in
computer technology during World War II.  At the C. W. Post Center of Long
Island University, Hopper told a group of Long Island public school adminis-
trators that the first computer "bug" was a real bug--a moth.  At Harvard
one August night in 1945, Hopper and her associates were working on the
"granddaddy" of modern computers, the Mark I.  "Things were going badly;
there was something wrong in one of the circuits of the long glass-enclosed
computer," she said.  "Finally, someone located the trouble spot and, using
ordinary tweezers, removed the problem, a two-inch moth.  From then on, when
anything went wrong with a computer, we said it had bugs in it."  Hopper
said that when the veracity of her story was questioned recently, "I referred
them to my 1945 log book, now in the collection of the Naval Surface Weapons
Center, and they found the remains of that moth taped to the page in
question."
		[actually, the term "bug" had even earlier usage in
		regard to problems with radio hardware.  Ed.]


Pelorat sighed.
	"I will never understand people."
	"There's nothing to it.  All you have to do is take a close look
at yourself and you will understand everyone else.  How would Seldon have
worked out his Plan -- and I don't care how subtle his mathematics was --
if he didn't understand people; and how could he have done that if people
weren't easy to understand?  You show me someone who can't understand
people and I'll show you someone who has built up a false image of himself
-- no offense intended."
		-- Isaac Asimov, "Foundation's Edge"


Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.


Dammit, how many times do I have to tell you?  _F_I_R_S_T you rape,
_T_H_E_N you pillage!!


The secret of success is sincerity.  Once you can fake that,
you've got it made.
		-- Jean Giraudoux


If sarcasm were posted on Usenet, would anybody notice?
		-- James Nicoll


Modesty is a vastly overrated virtue.
		-- J. K. Galbraith


Slow day.
Practice crawling.


If your sexual fantasies were truly of interest to others, they would no
longer be fantasies.
		-- Fran Lebowitz


	Concerning the war in Vietnam, Senator George Aiken of Vermont noted
in January, 1966, "I'm not very keen for doves or hawks.  I think we need more
owls."
		-- Bill Adler, "The Washington Wits"


Go not to the elves for counsel, for they will say both yes and no.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


He who is intoxicated with wine will be sober again in the course of the
night, but he who is intoxicated by the cupbearer will not recover his
senses until the day of judgment.
		-- Saadi


Those parts of the system that you can hit with a hammer (not advised)
are called hardware; those program instructions that you can only curse
at are called software.
		-- Levitating Trains and Kamikaze Genes: Technological
		   Literacy for the 1990's.


The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be
taken seriously.
		-- Hubert H. Humphrey


Life is like a diaper - short and loaded.


It occurred to me lately that nothing has occurred to me lately.


Two young men seated in a restaurant were watching a customer busily
disposing of a plate of oysters on the half shell.  One of the young
men remarked to his friend,
	"Did you ever hear that business about raw oysters being
good for a man's virility?"
	"Yes, why?" the friend replied.
	"Well, take it from me, that's a lot of foolishness.  I ate a
dozen of them the other night, and only nine worked."


A prig is a fellow who is always making you a present of his opinions.
		-- George Eliot


Well, we've come full circle, Lord; I'd like to think there's some
higher meaning to all this.  It would certainly reflect well on you.


Well, I don't know where they come from but they sure do come,
I hope they comin' for me!
And I don't know how they do it but they sure do it good,
I hope they doin' it for free!
They give me cat scratch fever... cat scratch fever!
First time that I got it I was just ten years old,
Got it from the kitty next door...
I went to see the doctor and he gave me the cure,
I think I got it some more!
Got a bad scratch fever...
		-- Ted Nugent, "Cat Scratch Fever"


Drew's Law of Highway Biology:
	The first bug to hit a clean windshield
	lands directly in front of your eyes.


I'm free -- and freedom tastes of reality.


Nothing is finished until the paperwork is done.


[Prime Minister MacDonald] has the gift of compressing the
largest amount of words into the smallest amount of thought.
		-- Winston Churchill


I never failed to convince an audience that the best thing they
could do was to go away.


Bizoos, n.:
	The millions of tiny individual bumps that make up a
	basketball.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


The algorithm to do that is extremely nasty.  You might want to mug
someone with it.
		-- M. Devine, Computer Science 340


Universe, n.:
	The problem.


Hodie natus est radici frater.


Confucius say:
	man who screws near graveyard is fucking near dead.
	man who fishes in other man's well often catch crabs.
	man and mouse the same, both end up in pussy.
	boy who play with himself pulls boner.
	woman who cooks carrots and pees in same pot very unsanitary.
	man who marry girl with no bust has right to feel low down.
	man who sleeps with old hen finds it's better than pullet.
	man with hole in pocket feel cocky all day.
	man who lie under car, get tired
	man who stand behind car, get exhausted.


I'm not even going to *bother* comparing C to BASIC or FORTRAN.
		-- L. Zolman, creator of BDS C


You can't judge a book by the way it wears its hair.


A programming language is low level
when its programs require attention to the irrelevant.


New Jersey is not the armpit of the nation;
it's the asshole of the universe.
		-- Jonathan Michael Smith


I never said all Democrats were saloonkeepers;
what I said was all saloonkeepers were Democrats.


A man with no arms walked into a bar and asked for a beer.  The bartender
shoved the foaming glass in front of him.
	"Look," said the customer, "I have no arms -- would you please hold
the glass for me?
	"Sure," said the bartender.
	"If," said the customer, "you'll reach in my right hand coat pocket,
you'll find the money for the beer."
	The bartender got the money and rang up the bill.
	"You've been very kind," said the customer. "Just one thing more.
Where is the men's room?"
	"Up the street to the light," said the bartender, "turn left, walk
two blocks, and there's a gas station on the corner."


The clergy successfully preached the doctrines of patience and pusillanimity;
the active virtues of society were discouraged; and the last remains of a
military spirit were buried in the cloister: a large portion of public and
private wealth was consecrated to the specious demands of charity and devotion;
and the soldiers' pay was lavished on the useless multitudes of both sexes
who could only plead the merits of abstinence and chastity.
		-- Edward Gibbons, "The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire"


New members urgently required for SUICIDE CLUB, Watford area.
		-- Monty Python's Big Red Book


Don't lose
Your head
To gain a minute
You need your head
Your brains are in it.
		-- Burma Shave


When a shepherd goes to kill a wolf, and takes his dog along to see
the sport, he should take care to avoid mistakes.  The dog has certain
relationships to the wolf the shepherd may have forgotten.
		-- Robert Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"


He used to kiss her on her lips, but it's all over now.


If once a man indulges himself in murder, very soon he comes to think little
of robbing; and from robbing he next comes to drinking and Sabbath-breaking,
and from that to incivility and procrastination.
		-- Thomas De Quincey (1785-1859)


Agree with them now, it will save so much time.


"I don't really mind her being unfaithful," sighed the man to his
marriage counselor, "but I just can't sleep three in a bed."


The Anarchists' [national] anthem is an international anthem that consists
of 365 raspberries blown in very quick succession to the tune of "Camptown
Races".  Nobody has to stand up for it, nobody has to listen to it, and,
even better, nobody has to play it.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


She begged and she pleaded for more.
I said, "We've already had four,
	And I'm sure that you've heard,
	Though it's somewhat absurd,
That eros spelt backwards is sore."


VUJA DE:
	The feeling that you've *never*, *ever* been in this situation before.


Quit worrying about your health.  It'll go away.
		-- Robert Orben


Who took the MMMMMM out of MURINE?


Truth has no special time of its own.  Its hour is now -- always.
		-- Albert Schweitzer


OK, now let's look at four dimensions on the blackboard.
		-- Dr. Joy


SYSTEM-INDEPENDENT:
	Works equally poorly on all systems.


As long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its fascination.
When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "Intentions"


Q:	If Tarzan was Jewish, and Jane was a princess, what would
	Cheetah be?
A:	A fur coat.


It's not so hard to lift yourself by your bootstraps once you're off
the ground.
		-- Daniel B. Luten


	"The best thing for being sad," replied Merlin, beginning to puff
and blow, "is to learn something.  That's the only thing that never fails.
You may grow old and trembling in your anatomies, you may lie awake at
night listening to the disorder of your veins, you may miss your only love,
you may see the world about you devastated by evil lunatics, or know your
honour trampled in the sewers of baser minds. There is only one thing for
it then -- to learn.  Learn why the world wags and what wags it.  That is
the only thing which the mind can never exhaust, never alienate, never be
tortured by, never fear or distrust, and never dream of regretting.  Learning
is the only thing for you.  Look what a lot of things there are to learn."
		-- T. H. White, "The Once and Future King"


If women ran the military complex, would the missiles be shaped differently?


The Net interprets censorship as damage and routes around it.
		-- John Gilmore


He who findeth sensuous pleasures in the bodies of lush, hot, pink
damsels is not righteous, but he can have a lot more fun.


Such efforts are almost always slow, laborious, political,
petty, boring, ponderous, thankless, and of the utmost criticality.
		-- Leonard Kleinrock, on standards efforts


Now I lay me down to sleep
I pray the double lock will keep;
May no brick through the window break,
And, no one rob me till I awake.


Where will it all end?
Probably somewhere near where it all began.


Why do seagulls live near the sea?
'Cause if they lived near the bay, they'd be called baygulls.


QOTD:
	"He's on the same bus, but he's sure as hell got a different
	ticket."


Better dead than mellow.


A man who cannot seduce men cannot save them either.
		-- S. A. Kierkegaard (1813-1855)


Murphy's Law, that brash proletarian restatement of Godel's Theorem.
		-- Thomas Pynchon, "Gravity's Rainbow"


Well, you almost got it right.  The only problem is, you're doing it exactly
backwards!  Just reverse the motions you described and your partner will
experience an incredibly intense orgasm.  One trouble with this technique,
though, is that it works so well.  Believe me, word will get around about
your newfound prowess and you'll be inundated by prospective sexual partners.
So try to be discreet.  I prefer maple syrup to pineapple/apricot lotion, but
that's a matter of personal preference.  Also, I'd advise against the syrup,
or using honey, if you're outside, because the insects it attracts tend to
distract the quail.  You can substitute crazy glue (but obviously not thumb
tacks!) for the masking tape, but only if you don't want to use the piano for
awhile.


Example is not the main thing in influencing others.
It is the only thing.
		-- Albert Schweitzer


The net is like a vast sea of lutefisk with tiny dinosaur brains embedded
in it here and there. Any given spoonful will likely have an IQ of 1, but
occasional spoonfuls may have an IQ more than six times that!
		-- James "Kibo" Parry


	So Richard and I decided to try to catch [the small shark].  With
a great deal of strategy and effort and shouting, we managed to maneuver
the shark, over the course of about a half-hour, to a sort of corner of the
lagoon, so that it had no way to escape other than to flop up onto the land
and evolve.  Richard and I were inching toward it, sort of crouched over,
when all of a sudden it turned around and -- I can still remember the
sensation I felt at that moment, primarily in the armpit area -- headed
right straight toward us.
	Many people would have panicked at this point.  But Richard and I
were not "many people."  We were experienced waders, and we kept our heads.
We did exactly what the textbook says you should do when you're unarmed and
a shark that is nearly two feet long turns on you in water up to your lower
calves: We sprinted I would say 600 yards in the opposite direction, using
a sprinting style such that the bottoms of our feet never once went below
the surface of the water.  We ran all the way to the far shore, and if we
had been in a Warner Brothers cartoon we would have run right INTO the beach,
and you would have seen these two mounds of sand racing across the island
until they bonked into trees and coconuts fell onto their heads.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wonders of Sharks on TV"


Winning isn't everything, but losing isn't anything.


While you recently had your problems on the run,
they've regrouped and are making another attack.


Old men are fond of giving good advice to console themselves for being
no longer in a position to give bad examples.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld, "Maxims"


Things will be bright in P.M.
A cop will shine a light in your face.


Don't get to bragging.


Battle, n.:
	A method of untying with the teeth a political knot that
	will not yield to the tongue.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


And I alone am returned to wag the tail.


Woman is: finally screwing and your groin and buttocks and thighs ache like
hell and you're all wet and maybe bloody and it wasn't like a Hollywood
movie at all but Jesus at least you're not a virgin any more but is this
what it's all about?  And meanwhile, he's asking "Did you come?"
		-- Robin Morgan, "Sisterhood Is Powerful"


No use getting too involved in life --
you're only here for a limited time.


It was a warm, sunny Sunday, and a man and his wife decided to take in the zoo.
They spent the day, and at closing time they walked past the gorilla cage, and
the man noticed the gorilla looking at his wife.  "That gorilla is getting
excited just looking at your tits," he said.  "Why don't you take your blouse
off and we'll see what he does?"
	At first she refused.  But finally persuaded by her husband, she took
off her blouse and bra.  The gorilla went nuts.  He started grunting and
jumping up and down.
	"Hey," the husband said, "let's really blow his mind.  Take off all
your clothes and we'll see what he does."
	Again she said no and again he persuaded her.  This time the ape
really went bananas!  He climbed up and down the bars, did flips, ran around
in circles and tossed his food all over the cage.  The husband went over to
the cage, opened the door and pushed his wife in.
	"Now," said the husband, "tell that motherfucker you have a headache!"


Message will arrive in the mail.
Destroy, before the FBI sees it.


Men are those creatures with two legs and eight hands.
		-- Jayne Mansfield


As part of an ongoing effort to keep you, the Fortune reader, abreast of
the valuable information the daily crosses the USENET, Fortune presents:

News articles that answer *your* questions, #1:

	Newsgroups: comp.sources.d
	Subject: how do I run C code received from sources
	Keywords: C sources
	Distribution: na

	I do not know how to run the C programs that are posted in the
	sources newsgroup.  I save the files, edit them to remove the
	headers, and change the mode so that they are executable, but I
	cannot get them to run.  (I have never written a C program before.)

	Must they be compiled?  With what compiler?  How do I do this?  If
	I compile them, is an object code file generated or must I generate
	it explicitly with the > character?  Is there something else that
	must be done?


Equality is not when a female Einstein gets promoted to assistant
professor; equality is when a female schlemiel moves ahead as fast as a
male schlemiel.
		-- Ewald Nyquist


To be the kind of girl designed to be kissed between the thighs.


A good scapegoat is hard to find.


3rd Law of Computing:
	Anything that can go wr
fortune: Segmentation violation -- Core dumped


We are giving instruction to FBI agents in the various Chinese
dialects ... to handle present and likely future contingencies.
		-- J. Hoover


It was a female that drove me to drink
and I didn't even have the kindness to thank her.
		-- R.E. Baber


You possess a mind not merely twisted, but actually sprained.


One morning after an evening of particularly heavy drinking, a man awoke
and upon rolling over in bed saw one of the ugliest women he had ever
seen.  As he was about to get out of bed, he looked on the floor and saw
another woman even less appealing than the first.  Seeing his look of
wide-eyed amazement, the woman on the floor snapped, "Don't look at me
like that, I was only the bridesmaid."


The problem with people who have no vices is that generally you can
be pretty sure they're going to have some pretty annoying virtues.
		-- Elizabeth Taylor


An acid is like a woman:  a good one will eat through your pants.
		-- Mel Gibson, Saturday Night Live


Never invest your money in anything that eats or needs repainting.
		-- Billy Rose


	A ranger was walking through the forest and encountered a hunter
carrying a shotgun and a dead loon.  "What in the world do you think you're
doing?  Don't you know that the loon is on the endangered species list?"
	Instead of answering, the hunter showed the ranger his game bag,
which contained twelve more loons.
	"Why would you shoot loons?", the ranger asked.
	"Well, my family eats them and I sell the plumage."
	"What's so special about a loon?  What does it taste like?"
	"Oh, somewhere between an American Bald Eagle and a Trumpeter Swan."


The personal computer market is about the same size as the total potato chip
market.  Next year it will be about half the size of the pet food market and
is fast approaching the total worldwide sales of pantyhose"
		-- James Finke, Commodore Int'l Ltd., 1982


Newlan's Truism:
	An "acceptable" level of unemployment means that the
	government economist to whom it is acceptable still has a job.


Well, he didn't know what to do, so he decided to look at the government,
to see what they did, and scale it down and run his life that way.
		-- Laurie Anderson


I'm unbuttoning your shirt, unzipping your jeans ...

Oh, I can feel your fingers on the keys, baby,
	I'm getting WARM ...

I am getting there, oh yes,.  Oh, my. OH YES... OHHHH!
	...!!!rrrrrgh!!!!!

Honey, that was *really* terrific, but, next time,
couldn't you please input a little SLOWER?


Don't despair; your ideal lover is waiting for you around the corner.


COMPLEX SYSTEM:
	One with real problems and imaginary profits.


For flavor, instant sex will never supersede the stuff you have to peel
and cook.
		-- Quentin Crisp


I have never been one to sacrifice
my appetite on the altar of appearance.
		-- A. M. Readyhough


May the Fleas of a Thousand Camels infest one of your Erogenous Zones.


	"What are we going to do?"
	"Me, I'm examining the major Western religions.  I'm looking
for something that's soft on morality, generous with holidays, and has a
short initiation period."
		-- Maddie and David, "Moonlighting"


	It is a profoundly erroneous truism, repeated by all copy-books and
by eminent people when they are making speeches, that we should cultivate
the habit of thinking about what we are doing.  The precise opposite is the
case.  Civilization advances by extending the numbers of important operations
which we can perform without thinking about them.  Operations of thought are
like cavalry charges in battle -- they are strictly limited in number, they
require fresh horses, and must only be made at decisive moments.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead


Haggis, n.:
	Haggis is a kind of stuff black pudding eaten by the Scots and
considered by them to be not only a delicacy but fit for human
consumption.  The minced heart, liver and lungs of a sheep, calf or
other animal are mixed with oatmeal, sealed and boiled in maw in the sheep's
intestinal stomach-bag and ... Excuse me a minute ...


