The IRS spends God knows how much of your tax money on these toll-free
information hot lines staffed by IRS employees, whose idea of a
dynamite tax tip is that you should print neatly.  If you ask them a
real tax question, such as how you can cheat, they're useless.

So, for guidance, you want to look to big business.  Big business never
pays a nickel in taxes, according to Ralph Nader, who represents a big
consumer organization that never pays a nickel in taxes...
		-- Dave Barry, "Sweating Out Taxes"


I just know I'm a better manager when I have Joe DiMaggio in center field.
		-- Casey Stengel


May you have many beautiful and obedient daughters.


Stuckness shouldn't be avoided.  It's the psychic predecessor of all
real understanding.  An egoless acceptance of stuckness is a key to an
understanding of all Quality, in mechanical work as in other endeavors.
		-- Robert Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"


The water was not fit to drink.
To make it palatable, we had to add whiskey.
By diligent effort, I learned to like it.
		-- Winston Churchill


A lot of people I know believe in positive thinking,
and so do I.  I believe everything positively stinks.
		-- Lew Col


LEARNING CURVE:
	An astonishing new theory, discovered by management consultants
	in the 1970's, asserting that the more you do something the
	quicker you can do it.


Concept, n.:
	Any "idea" for which an outside consultant billed you more than
	$25,000.


And so, men, we can see that human skin is an even more complex and
fascinating organ than we thought it was, and if we want to keep it
looking good, we have to care for it as though it were our own.  One
approach is to undergo a painful surgical procedure wherein your skin
is turned inside-out, so the young cells are on the outside, but then
of course you have the unpleasant side effect that your insides
gradually fill up with dead old cells and you explode.  So this
procedure is pretty much limited to top Hollywood stars for whom
youthful beauty is a career necessity, such as Elizabeth Taylor and
Orson Welles.
		-- Dave Barry, "Saving Face"


In the Spring, I have counted 136
different kinds of weather inside of 24 hours.
		-- Mark Twain, on New England weather


Arithmetic is being able to count up to twenty without taking off your shoes.
		-- Mickey Mouse


It is difficult to produce a television documentary that is both
incisive and probing when every twelve minutes one is interrupted by
twelve dancing rabbits singing about toilet paper.
		-- Rod Serling


			Pittsburgh driver's test
9: Roads are salted in order to
	a) kill grass.
	b) melt snow.
	c) help the economy.
	d) prevent potholes.
The correct answer is c.
Road salting employs thousands of persons directly, and millions more
indirectly, for example, salt miners and rustproofers.  Most important,
salting reduces the life spans of cars, thus stimulating the car and
steel industries.


A bad marriage is like a horse with a broken leg, you can shoot
the horse, but it don't fix the leg.


The use of anthropomorphic terminology when dealing with computing systems
is a symptom of professional immaturity.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


====================
Inter-Dwarf Memo
To: Dwarf-list
From: Happy
Re: S. White

	Let it be noted that if she whistles that goddamned song one
more time I'm gonna rip her fuckin' lips off.  Have a nice day.


We promise according to our hopes, and perform according to our fears.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(30) The United States will again go to war.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


On a paper submitted by a physicist colleague:

This isn't right.  This isn't even wrong.
		-- Wolfgang Pauli


But what we need to know is, do people want nasally-insertable
computers?


If ignorance is bliss, why aren't there more happy people?


Q:	What goes: Sis!  Boom!  Baaaaah!
A:	Exploding sheep.


A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS:

1. DO NOT EXPECT YOUR DOCTOR TO SHARE YOUR DISCOMFORT.
	Involvement with the patient's suffering might cause him to lose
	valuable scientific objectivity.

2. BE CHEERFUL AT ALL TIMES.
	Your doctor leads a busy and trying life and requires all the
	gentleness and reassurance he can get.

3. TRY TO SUFFER FROM THE DISEASE FOR WHICH YOU ARE BEING TREATED.
	Remember that your doctor has a professional reputation to uphold.


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #7:

Q:  What happened then?
A:  He told me, he says, "I have to kill you because you can identify
    me."
Q:  Did he kill you?
A:  No.


When there are two conflicting versions of the story, the wise course
is to believe the one in which people appear at their worst.
		-- H. Allen Smith, "Let the Crabgrass Grow"


We are the unwilling... led by the unqualified...
to do the unnecessary... for the ungrateful...
		-- GI in Vietnam, 1970


God said it, I believe it and that's all there is to it.


THIS IS PLEDGE WEEK FOR THE FORTUNE PROGRAM

If you like the fortune program, why not support it now with your
contribution of a pithy fortune, clean or obscene?  We cannot continue
without your support.  Less than 14% of all fortune users are
contributors.  That means that 86% of you are getting a free ride.  We
can't go on like this much longer.  Federal cutbacks mean less money
for fortunes, and unless user contributions increase to make up the
difference, the fortune program will have to shut down between midnight
and 8 a.m.  Don't let this happen.  Mail your fortunes right now to
"fortune".  Just type in your favorite pithy saying.  Do it now before
you forget.  Our target is 300 new fortunes by the end of the week.
Don't miss out.  All fortunes will be acknowledged.  If you contribute
30 fortunes or more, you will receive a free subscription to "The
Fortune Hunter", our monthly program guide.  If you contribute 50 or
more, you will receive a free "Fortune Hunter" coffee mug ...


Immanuel Kant was a real pissant who was very rarely stable.
Heidegger, Heidegger was a boozy beggar who could think you under the table.
David Hume could out-consume Schopenhauer and Hegel,
And Wittgenstein was a beery swine who was just as schloshed as Schlegel.
There's nothing Nietzsche couldn't teach ya 'bout the raising of the wrist.
Socrates, himself, was permanently pissed!

John Stuart Mill, of his own free will,
On half a pint of shandy was particularly ill.
Plato, they say, could stick it away, half a crate of whiskey every day.
Aristotle, Aristotle was a bugger for the bottle,
Hobbes was fond of his dram,
And Rene Descartes was a drunken fart: "I drink, therefore I am".
Yes, Socrates, himself, is particularly missed;
A lovely little thinker but a bugger when he's pissed!
		-- Monty Python, "The Philosopher's Drinking Song"


I just asked myself... what would John DeLorean do?
		-- Raoul Duke


It is the wisdom of crocodiles, that shed tears when they would devour.
		-- Francis Bacon


Ken Thompson has an automobile which he helped design.  Unlike most
automobiles, it has neither speedometer, nor gas gauge, nor any of the
numerous idiot lights which plague the modern driver.  Rather, if the
driver makes any mistake, a giant "?" lights up in the center of the
dashboard.  "The experienced driver", he says, "will usually know
what's wrong."


MEMO:
	An interoffice communication too often written more for
	the benefit of the person who sends it than the person
	who receives it.


Two heads are more numerous than one.


I am, in point of fact, a particularly haughty and exclusive person,
of pre-Adamite ancestral descent.  You will understand this when I tell
you that I can trace my ancestry back to a protoplasmal primordial
atomic globule.  Consequently, my family pride is something
inconceivable.  I can't help it.  I was born sneering.
		-- Pooh-Bah, "The Mikado", Gilbert & Sullivan


Reach out and fuck someone.


I think the world is ready for the story of an ugly duckling, who grew up to
remain an ugly duckling, and lived happily ever after.
		-- Chick


FreeBSD: everything but the fairings


When people have trouble communicating,
the least they can do is to shut up.
		-- Tom Lehrer


The difference between a good haircut and a bad one is seven days.


	"Why did you spend so much time parked in that fellow's car last
night?" demanded the irate mother.
"I could hear the giggling and squealing for a good half hour."
	"But, Mom," answered her daughter, "if a fellow takes you to the
movies you ought to at least kiss him good night."
	"I thought you went to the Stork Club?" countered the mother.
	"We did."


"God gives burdens; also shoulders."

Jimmy Carter cited this Jewish saying in his concession speech at the
end of the 1980 election.  At least he said it was a Jewish saying; I
can't find it anywhere.  I'm sure he's telling the truth though; why
would he lie about a thing like that?
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


In the course of reading Hadamard's "The Psychology of Invention in the
Mathematical Field", I have come across evidence supporting a fact
which we coffee achievers have long appreciated:  no really creative,
intelligent thought is possible without a good cup of coffee.  On page
14, Hadamard is discussing Poincare's theory of fuchsian groups and
fuchsian functions, which he describes as "... one of his greatest
discoveries, the first which consecrated his glory ..."  Hadamard refers
to Poincare having had a "... sleepless night which initiated all that
memorable work ..." and gives the following, very revealing quote:

	"One evening, contrary to my custom, I drank black coffee and
	could not sleep.  Ideas rose in crowds;  I felt them collide
	until pairs interlocked, so to speak, making a stable
	combination."

Too bad drinking black coffee was contrary to his custom.  Maybe he
could really have amounted to something as a coffee achiever.


Hindsight is always 20:20.
		-- Billy Wilder


Common sense is the most evenly distributed quantity in the world.
Everyone thinks he has enough.
		-- Rene Descartes, 1637


No guest is so welcome in a friend's house that
he will not become a nuisance after three days.
		-- Titus Maccius Plautus


You can get used to living at a nudist camp.
The first three days are the hardest.
		-- R. Dreiser


Love is like a friendship caught on fire.  In the beginning a flame, very
pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering.  As love
grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning
and unquenchable.
		-- Bruce Lee


I have to convince you, or at least snow you ...
		-- Prof. Romas Aleliunas, CS 435


Food for thought is no substitute for the real thing.
		-- Walt Kelly, "Potluck Pogo"


I attribute my success to intelligence, guts, determination, honesty,
ambition, and having enough money to buy people with those qualities.


Poverty must have its satisfactions, else there would not be so many
poor people.
		-- Don Herold


Most people feel that everyone is entitled to their opinion.


Oh pity the prince, Montezuma
He tried to make love to a puma.
	Seems the puma, in play,
	Tore his testes away -
- An example of animal huma.


Corrupt, adj.:
	In politics, holding an office of trust or profit.


The courtroom was pregnant (pun intended) with anxious silence as the
judge solemnly considered his verdict in the paternity suit before him.
Suddenly, he reached into the folds of his robes, drew out a cigar and
ceremoniously handed it to the defendant.
	"Congratulations!" declaimed the jurist.  "You have just become a
father!"


Acting is an art which consists of keeping the audience from coughing.


Illinois isn't exactly the land that God forgot:
it's more like the land He's trying to ignore.


Cunnilingus is next to godliness.


The perfect woman:
	Four feet tall, no teeth and a flat head so you can rest
	your drink.

	[Pistol-grip ears?  Ed.]


From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back.
That is the point that must be reached.
		-- F. Kafka


He walks as if balancing the family tree on his nose.


Would you please have another look at my nose and put in that cocaine
stuff ...
		-- Adolf Hitler, quoted by Dr. Giesing in Nuremberg
		   trial testimony, 1947


There's a tendency today to absolve individuals from moral responsibility and
treat them as victims of social circumstance.  You buy that, you pay with your
soul.  It's not men who limit women, it's not straights who limit gays, it's
not whites who limit blacks.  What limits people is lack of character.  What
limits people is that they don't have the fucking nerve or imagination to star
in their own movie, let alone direct it.
		-- Bernard Mickey Wrangle


Anyone who has attended a USENIX conference in a fancy hotel can tell you
that a sentence like "You're one of those computer people, aren't you?"
is roughly equivalent to "Look, another amazingly mobile form of slime
mold!" in the mouth of a hotel cocktail waitress.
		-- Elizabeth Zwicky


Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper.
		-- Francis Bacon


The Public is merely a multiplied "me."
		-- Mark Twain


Handy hint:
	A tea bag or two can be a dandy substitute
	when you're out of tampons.


Anyone who has had a bull by the tail
knows five or six more things than someone who hasn't.
		-- Mark Twain


I think she must have been very strictly brought up, she's so
desperately anxious to do the wrong thing correctly.
		-- H. H. Munro, a.k.a. Saki, "Reginald on Worries"


Knowledge Engineering:

A combination of:

Engineering, n.:
	The application of science and mathematics by which the properties
of matter and the sources of energy in nature are made useful to man in
structures, machines, products, systems and processes.

and

Knowledge, n.:
	Sexual intercourse.

See also: Prostitution, Grantsmanship.


I am, in point of fact, a particularly haughty and exclusive person,
of pre-Adamite ancestral descent.  You will understand this when I tell
you that I can trace my ancestry back to a protoplasmal primordial
atomic globule.  Consequently, my family pride is something
inconceivable.  I can't help it.  I was born sneering.
		-- Pooh-Bah, "The Mikado", Gilbert & Sullivan


The language of politics is poetry, not prose.  Jackson is poetry.
Cuomo is poetry.  Dukakis is a word processor.
		-- Richard M. Nixon, on Meet the Press, April, 1988


I don't wish to appear overly inquisitive, but are you still alive?


As failures go, attempting to recall the past is like trying to grasp
the meaning of existence.  Both make one feel like a baby clutching at
a basketball: one's palms keep sliding off.
		-- Joseph Brodsky


Everyone has the right, without exception, to equal pay for equal work.
Except for women.


Buffy:	It was exactly you Will, every detail.  Except for your not being
	a dominatrix, as far as we know.
Willow:	Oh right, me and Oz play, "Mistress of Pain" every night.
Xander:	Did anyone else just go to a scary visual place?
Buffy:	Oh yeah.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Dopplegangland"
		   Season 3, Episode 16


Real Time, adj.:
	Here and now, as opposed to fake time, which only occurs there
	and then.


I put up my thumb... and it blotted out the planet Earth.
		-- Neil Armstrong


Egotism is the anesthetic which numbs the pain of stupidity.


The mome rath isn't born that could outgrabe me.
		-- Nicol Williamson


A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into
superstition, and art into pedantry.  Hence University education.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Satire is what closes Saturday night.
		-- George Kaufman


You are wise, witty, and wonderful,
but you spend too much time reading this sort of trash.


Counting in octal is just like counting
in decimal -- if you don't use your thumbs.
		-- Tom Lehrer


Q:	How many Marxists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	None:  The lightbulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.


Never reveal your best argument.


Don't compare floating point numbers solely for equality.


	Well, he thought, since neither Aristotelian Logic nor the disciplines
of Science seemed to offer much hope, it's time to go beyond them...
	Drawing a few deep even breaths, he entered a mental state practiced
only by Masters of the Universal Way of Zen.  In it his mind floated freely,
able to rummage at will among the bits and pieces of data he had absorbed,
undistracted by any outside disturbances.  Logical structures no longer
inhibited him. Pre-conceptions, prejudices, ordinary human standards vanished.
All things, those previously trivial as well as those once thought important,
became absolutely equal by acquiring an absolute value, revealing relationships
not evident to ordinary vision.  Like beads strung on a string of their own
meaning, each thing pointed to its own common ground of existence, shared by
all.  Finally, each began to melt into each, staying itself while becoming
all others.  And Mind no longer contemplated Problem, but became Problem,
destroying Subject-Object by becoming them.
	Time passed, unheeded.
	Eventually, there was a tentative stirring, then a decisive one, and
Nakamura arose, a smile on his face and the light of laughter in his eyes.
		-- Wayfarer


Mankind's yearning to engage in sports is older than recorded history,
dating back to the time millions of years ago, when the first primitive
man picked up a crude club and a round rock, tossed the rock into the
air, and whomped the club into the sloping forehead of the first
primitive umpire.

What inner force drove this first athlete?  Your guess is as good as
mine.  Better, probably, because you haven't had four beers.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sports is a Drag"


Fudd's First Law of Opposition:
	Push something hard enough and it will fall over.


Matter will be damaged in direct proportion to its value.


I'll pretend to trust you if you'll pretend to trust me.


A diplomatic husband said to his wife, "How do you expect me to remember
your birthday when you never look any older?"


They are cold-blooded. They are completely ruthless about protecting
what they have. The only thing they connect to is the money aspect of
life.  Let's face it: That's the American way.
		-- Jeffrey M. Johnson, regional chairman of the District
		   of Columbia United Way, speaking of drug dealers.


The last person that quit or was fired will be held responsible for
everything that goes wrong -- until the next person quits or is fired.


Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow you may work.


To stay young requires unceasing cultivation
of the ability to unlearn old falsehoods.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough For Love"


If at first you fricassee, fry, fry again.


	The Martian landed his saucer in Manhattan, and immediately upon
emerging was approached by a panhandler.  "Mister," said the man, "can I
have a quarter?"
	The Martian asked, "What's a quarter?"
	The panhandler thought a minute, brightened, then said, "You're
right!  Can I have a dollar?"


Lazlo's Chinese Relativity Axiom:
	No matter how great your triumphs or how tragic your defeats --
	approximately one billion Chinese couldn't care less.


One girl can be pretty -- but a dozen are only a chorus.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald, "The Last Tycoon"


That's the most fun I've had without laughing.
		-- Woody Allen, on sex


Said sneering Mohammed el-Din:
"Only infidel dogs put it in.
	Back home in Arabia
	We nibble the labia
Till the juice dribbles off of our chin."


Watch all-night Donna Reed reruns until your mind resembles oatmeal.


Consequences, Schmonsequences, as long as I'm rich.
		-- "Ali Baba Bunny" [1957, Chuck Jones]


The important thing is not to stop questioning.


Optimist, n.:
	Someone who goes down to the marriage
	bureau to see if his license has expired.


In California, Bill Honig, the Superintendent of Public Instruction, said he
thought the general public should have a voice in defining what an excellent
teacher should know.  "I would not leave the definition of math," Dr. Honig
said, "up to the mathematicians."
		-- The New York Times, October 22, 1985


Finagle's Third Law:
	In any collection of data, the figure most obviously correct,
	beyond all need of checking, is the mistake.

Corollaries:
	1. Nobody whom you ask for help will see it.
	2. The first person who stops by, whose advice you really
	   don't want to hear, will see it immediately.


De Hispanice puella verumque
Simplex oris verborumque
	Tulit potens vagina
	Hominum agmina
Iterum iterum iterumque.


	"I need a camel that can go without water for at least three weeks,"
the American said to an Algerian camel merchant.  "Is it possible?"
	"All things are possible," replied the merchant.  He proceeded to
take a camel out of his barn and lead him to a tank of water.  After the
camel had drunk its fill and was about to lift its head out of the tank,
the merchant picked up two nearby bricks, one in each hand, stepped behind
the camel, and smacked his testicles with the bricks.
	The camel let out a gigantic "Whhoooosh!" and sucked up what seemed
like twenty more gallons of water.
	The American stared incredulously at the camel merchant.  "My God,
man!" he exclaimed, "doesn't that hurt?!"
	The merchant shrugged.  "Only if you get your thumbs in between the
bricks."


Every night my prayers I say,
	And get my dinner every day;
And every day that I've been good,
	I get an orange after food.
The child that is not clean and neat,
	With lots of toys and things to eat,
He is a naughty child, I'm sure--
	Or else his dear papa is poor.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson


Little Herbie had been blind since birth.  One day at bedtime, his mother
told him that the next day was a very special one.  If he prayed extra
hard, he'd be able to see when he woke up the next morning.  The next
morning she came into Herbie's room and asked him if he'd prayed hard
the night before.
	"Yes, Mommie," was his reply, "all night long!"
	"Well, then," she said, "open your eyes and you'll know that
your prayers have been answered."
Little Herbie opened his eyes, only to cry out,
	"Mother! Mother! I still can't see!"
	"I know, dear," said his mother, "April Fool."


90% of the work takes 90% of the time.
The remaining 10% takes the other 90% of the time.


They also serve who only stand and wait.
		-- John Milton


