Swipple's Rule of Order:
	He who shouts the loudest has the floor.


Hear about...
	the truck driver who pulled out to avoid a child and fell
	off the sofa?


You always have the option of pitching baseballs at empty
spray paint cans in a cul-de-sac in a Cleveland suburb.


Seems to me that both the Democrats and the Republicans should change their
symbols to a contraceptive device; it stands for inflation, inhibits
production, protects a bunch of pricks and gives everyone a false sense of
security while they're being screwed.


Maj. Bloodnok:	Seagoon, you're a coward!
Seagoon:	Only in the holiday season.
Maj. Bloodnok:	Ah, another Noel Coward!


Oh what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to conceive.
		-- Don Herold


	The programmers of old were mysterious and profound.  We cannot fathom
their thoughts, so all we do is describe their appearance.
	Aware, like a fox crossing the water.  Alert, like a general on the
battlefield.  Kind, like a hostess greeting her guests. Simple, like uncarved
blocks of wood.  Opaque, like black pools in darkened caves.
	Who can tell the secrets of their hearts and minds?
	The answer exists only in the Tao.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Why does man kill?  He kills for food.
And not only food: frequently there must be a beverage.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


What scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch?
		-- J. D. Farley


Cabbage, n.:
	A familiar kitchen-garden vegetable about as large and wise as
	a man's head.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


University politics are vicious precisely because the stakes are so small.
		-- Henry Kissinger


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #3

MIRACLE ON 42ND STREET:
	Santa Claus, in the off season, follows his heart's desire and
	tries to make it big on Broadway.  Santa sings and dances his way
	into your heart.


	People of all sorts of genders are reporting great difficulty,
these days, in selecting the proper words to refer to those of the female
persuasion.
	"Lady," "woman," and "girl" are all perfectly good words, but
misapplying them can earn one anything from the charge of vulgarity to a good
swift smack.  We are messing here with matters of deference, condescension,
respect, bigotry, and two vague concepts, age and rank.  It is troubling
enough to get straight who is really what.  Those who deliberately misuse
the terms in a misbegotten attempt at flattery are asking for it.
	A woman is any grown-up female person.  A girl is the un-grown-up
version.  If you call a wee thing with chubby cheeks and pink hair ribbons a
"woman," you will probably not get into trouble, and if you do, you will be
able to handle it because she will be under three feet tall.  However, if you
call a grown-up by a child's name for the sake of implying that she has a
youthful body, you are also implying that she has a brain to match.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #8

THE SMURFS AND THE CUISINART (1986)
	The lovable little blue Smurfs encounter a lovable little kitchen
	appliance, which invites them to play.  The Smurfs learn a valuable
	(if sometimes fatal) lesson.

THE SMURFS AND THE CARBON-DIOXIDE INDUSTRIAL LASER (1987)
	The inevitable sequel.  The lovable and somewhat mangled surviving
	Smurfs team up with the Care Bears to encounter a cute, lovable piece
	of high-tech welding equipment, which teaches them the magic of
	becoming rather greasy smoke.  Heartwarming fun for the entire family.


A robin redbreast in a cage
Puts all Heaven in a rage.
		-- Blake


How come financial advisors never seem to be as wealthy as they
claim they'll make you?


A truly great man will neither trample on a worm nor sneak to an emperor.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Woody: How are you feeling today, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Poor.
Woody: Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
Norm:  No, I meant `pour'.
		-- Cheers, Strange Bedfellows, Part 3

Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what's the story?
Norm:  Boy meets beer.  Boy drinks beer.  Boy gets another beer.
		-- Cheers, The Proposal

Paul:  Hey Norm, how's the world been treating you?
Norm:  Like a baby treats a diaper.
		-- Cheers, Tan 'n Wash


A Smith & Wesson beats four aces.


Don't wake me up too soon...
Gonna take a ride across the moon...
You and me.


Q:	How can we get the Beatles to reunite for one more concert?
A:	With three more bullets.


Gravity is an unforgiving motherfucker.


For perfect happiness, remember two things:
	(1) Be content with what you've got.
	(2) Be sure you've got plenty.


Kaufman's First Law of Party Physics:
	Population density is inversely proportional
	to the square of the distance from the keg.


Taken from actual police car videos:

(15) Relax!  The handcuffs are tight because they're new.  They'll
     stretch out after you wear them awhile.
(14) Take your hands off the car and I'll make your birth certificate
     a worthless document.
(13) If you run you'll only go to jail tired.
(12) Can you run faster than 1200 feet per second?  In case you didn't
     know that's the average speed of a 9 mm bullet fired from my gun.
(11) So you don't know how fast you were going.  I guess that means I
     can write anything I want on the ticket, huh?
(10) Yes, sir, you can talk to the shift supervisor, but I don't think
     it will help.  Oh, did I mention that I AM the shift supervisor?
(9)  Warning? You want a warning?  OK, I'm warning you not to do that
     again or I'll give you another ticket.
(8)  The answer to this last question will determine whether you are
     drunk or not.  Is Mickey Mouse a cat or a dog?


All the big corporations depreciate their possessions, and you can,
too, provided you use them for business purposes.  For example, if you
subscribe to the Wall Street Journal, a business-related newspaper, you
can deduct the cost of your house, because, in the words of U.S.
Supreme Court Chief Justice Warren Burger in a landmark 1979 tax
decision: "Where else are you going to read the paper?  Outside?  What
if it rains?"
		-- Dave Barry, "Sweating Out Taxes"


It takes less time to do a thing right
than it does to explain why you did it wrong.
		-- H. W. Longfellow


Well, you see there was this neighborhood that had a priest, a minister, and
a rabbi who lived near each other.  One summer afternoon the priest went out
and bought himself a new car, and the minister and rabbi, not to be outdone,
did the same.
	The next day the priest went out and blessed his car.  The minister
hired a crane and baptized his car in a swimming pool.  The rabbi, after
thinking seriously for a bit, got a hacksaw and cut three inches off the end
of the tail pipe.


What we wish, that we readily believe.
		-- Demosthenes


This system will self-destruct in five minutes.


Freedom from incrustation of grime is contiguous to rectitude.


The Queen is most anxious to enlist every one who can speak or write to
join in checking this mad, wicked folly of "Woman's Rights", with all its
attendant horrors, on which her poor feeble sex is bent, forgetting every
sense of womanly feeling and propriety.  Lady-- ought to get a good
whipping.  It is a subject which makes the Queen so furious that she cannot
contain herself.  God created men and women different -- then let them
remain each in their own position.
		-- Letter to Sir Theodore Martin, 29 May 1870, from
		   Queen Victoria


Unprovided with original learning, unformed in the habits of thinking,
unskilled in the arts of composition, I resolved to write a book.
		-- Edward Gibbon


Murray's Rule:
	Any country with "democratic" in the title isn't.


THE WORST HOMING PIGEON

This historic bird was released in Pembrokeshire in June 1953 and was
expected to reach its base that evening.  It was returned by post, dead,
in a cardboard box eleven years later from Brazil.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


A Mormon is a man that has the bad taste and the religion to do what a
good many other people are restrained from doing by conscientious
scruples and the police.
		-- Mr. Dooley


After the last of 16 mounting screws has been removed from an access
cover, it will be discovered that the wrong access cover has been removed.


When in panic, fear and doubt,
Drink in barrels, eat, and shout.


I just asked myself... what would John DeLorean do?
		-- Raoul Duke


Astrology... just a bunch of Taurus.


Identify your visitor.


One thought driven home is better than three left on base.


	A domineering man married a mere wisp of a girl.  He came back from
his honeymoon a chastened man.  He'd become aware of the will of the wisp.


It's not just a computer -- it's your ass.
		-- Cal Keegan


I doubt, therefore I might be.


Knights are hardly worth it.
I mean, all that shell and so little meat...


Stenderup's Law:
	The sooner you fall behind, the more time you will have to catch up.


This is a country where people are free to practice their religion,
regardless of race, creed, color, obesity, or number of dangling keys...


If we men married the women we deserved, we should have a very bad time
of it.
		-- Oscar Wilde


I stood on the leading edge,
The eastern seaboard at my feet.
"Jump!" said Yoko Ono
I'm too scared and good-looking, I cried.
Go on and give it a try,
Why prolong the agony, all men must die.
		-- Roger Waters, "The Pros and Cons of Hitchhiking"


The duck hunter trained his retriever to walk on water.  Eager to show off
this amazing accomplishment, he asked a friend to go along on his next
hunting trip.  Saying nothing, he fired his first shot and, as the duck fell,
the dog walked on the surface of the water, retrieved the duck and returned
it to his master.
	"Notice anything?" the owner asked eagerly.
	"Yes," said his friend, "I see that fool dog of yours can't swim."


How can you think and hit at the same time?
		-- Yogi Berra


fortune: No such file or directory


OK, so you're a Ph.D.  Just don't touch anything.


"Algorithms" is an anagram for "Hilt orgasm".  Maybe this explains
the popularity of this field of study in computer science.


A conservative is a man
with two perfectly good legs who has never learned to walk.
		-- Franklin D. Roosevelt


Remember, DESSERT is spelled with two `s's while DESERT is spelled
with one, because EVERYONE wants two desserts, but NO ONE wants two
deserts.
		-- Miss Oglethorp, Gr. 5, PS. 59


If it ain't broke, don't fix it.


The speed of anything depends on the flow of everything.


X windows:
	The ultimate bottleneck.
	Flawed beyond belief.
	The only thing you have to fear.
	Somewhere between chaos and insanity.
	On autopilot to oblivion.
	The joke that kills.
	A disgrace you can be proud of.
	A mistake carried out to perfection.
	Belongs more to the problem set than the solution set.
	To err is X windows.
	Ignorance is our most important resource.
	Complex nonsolutions to simple nonproblems.
	Built to fall apart.
	Nullifying centuries of progress.
	Falling to new depths of inefficiency.
	The last thing you need.
	The de facto substandard.

Elevating brain damage to an art form.
	X windows.


A great nation is any mob of people which produces at least one honest
man a century.


The way to make a small fortune in the
commodities market is to start with a large fortune.


Two midgets arrived at the convent door and asked to speak with the Mother
Superior.  Led into her office, the first one asked respectfully "Excuse
me, your holiness, but are there any midget nuns in this convent?"
	Receiving a reply to the negative, he asked whether any midget
nuns were to be found in any of the neighboring parish.  Again the reply
was no.
	The tiny man scratched his head and posed a final question.  "Beggin'
your pardon, Mother Superior, but would you know of *any* midget nuns at
all, anywhere?"  The nun shook her head.
	At which the first midget turned to the second midget, put his hand
on his shoulder, and said, "You see, I told you you fucked a penguin!"


Somewhere on this globe, every ten seconds, there is a
woman giving birth to a child.  She must be found and stopped.
		-- Sam Levenson


Support your local police force -- steal!!


From the Pointless Comparison Collection:

	To give you an idea of how sensitive these antennas are,
	if we were to "listen" to one spacecraft in the outer solar
	system by Jupiter or Saturn for 1 billion years and add up
	all the signal we collected, it would be enough power to
	set off the flash bulb on your camera once.

		-- Peter Doms, manager of the Deep Space Network
		   systems program at JPL


Although we modern persons tend to take our electric lights, radios,
mixers, etc., for granted, hundreds of years ago people did not have
any of these things, which is just as well because there was no place
to plug them in.  Then along came the first Electrical Pioneer,
Benjamin Franklin, who flew a kite in a lighting storm and received a
serious electrical shock.  This proved that lighting was powered by the
same force as carpets, but it also damaged Franklin's brain so severely
that he started speaking only in incomprehensible maxims, such as "A
penny saved is a penny earned."  Eventually he had to be given a job
running the post office.
		-- Dave Barry, "What is Electricity?"


Let me not to the marriage of true minds
Admit impediments.  Love is not love
Which alters when it alteration finds,
Or bends with the remover to remove.
O, no! it is an ever-fixed mark,
That looks on tempests and is never shaken;
It is the star to every wandering bark,
Whose worth's unknown, although his height be taken.
Love's not Time's fool, though rosy lips and cheeks
Within his bending sickle's compass come;
Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks,
But bears it out even to the edge of doom.
    If this be error and upon me proved,
    I never writ, nor no man ever loved.
		-- William Shakespeare, Sonnet CXVI


The Marines:
	The few, the proud, the not very bright.


Mike:	"The Fourth Dimension is a shambles?"
Bernie:	"Nobody ever empties the ashtrays.  People are SO
	inconsiderate."
		-- Gary Trudeau, "Doonesbury"


If I traveled to the end of the rainbow
As Dame Fortune did intend,
Murphy would be there to tell me
The pot's at the other end.
		-- Bert Whitney


Pain is just God's way of hurting you.


His life was formal; his actions seemed ruled with a ruler.


Bureaucrat, n.:
	A person who cuts red tape sideways.
		-- J. McCabe


If you want to understand your government, don't begin by reading the
Constitution.  It conveys precious little of the flavor of today's statecraft.
Instead, read selected portions of the Washington telephone directory
containing listings for all the organizations with titles beginning with
the word "National".
		-- George Will


Hear that...
	bookstores will soon be stocking a volume called "The Unsensuous
	Census Taker".  It's about a guy who comes once every ten years?


Jogger, n.:
	An odd sort of person with a thing for pain.


Insanity is hereditary.  You get it from your kids.


It occurred to me lately that nothing has occurred to me lately.


Sixteen'll get you twenty.


God instructs the heart, not by ideas,
but by pains and contradictions.
		-- De Caussade


You have been selected for a secret mission.


I've only got 12 cards.


Don't change the reason, just change the excuses!
		-- Joe Cointment


When women kiss it always reminds one of prize fighters shaking hands.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Sententiae"


Back in the early 60's, touch tone phones only had 10 buttons.  Some
military versions had 16, while the 12 button jobs were used only by people
who had "diva" (digital inquiry, voice answerback) systems -- mainly banks.
Since in those days, only Western Electric made "data sets" (modems) the
problems of terminology were all Bell System.  We used to struggle with
written descriptions of dial pads that were unfamiliar to most people
(most phones were rotary then.)  Partly in jest, some AT&T engineering
types (there was no marketing in the good old days, which is why they were
the good old days) made up the term "octalthorpe" (note spelling) to denote
the "pound sign."  Presumably because it has 8 points sticking out.  It
never really caught on.


Comparing software engineering to classical engineering assumes that software
has the ability to wear out.  Software typically behaves, or it does not.  It
either works, or it does not.  Software generally does not degrade, abrade,
stretch, twist, or ablate.  To treat it as a physical entity, therefore, is
misapplication of our engineering skills.  Classical engineering deals with
the characteristics of hardware; software engineering should deal with the
characteristics of *software*, and not with hardware or management.
		-- Dan Klein


FORTUNE'S GUIDE TO DEALING WITH REAL-LIFE SCIENCE FICTION: #6
What to do...
    if a starship, equipped with an FTL hyperdrive lands in your backyard?
	First of all, do not run after your camera.  You will not have any
	film, and, given the state of computer animation, noone will believe
	you anyway.  Be polite.  Remember, if they have an FTL hyperdrive,
	they can probably vaporize you, should they find you to be rude.
	Direct them to the White House lawn, which is where they probably
	wanted to land, anyway.  A good road map should help.

    if you wake up in the middle of the night, and discover that your
    closet contains an alternate dimension?
	Don't walk in.  You almost certainly will not be able to get back,
	and alternate dimensions are almost never any fun.  Remain calm
	and go back to bed.  Close the door first, so that the cat does not
	wander off.  Check your closet in the morning.  If it still contains
	an alternate dimension, nail it shut.


Well, you see there was this neighborhood that had a priest, a minister, and
a rabbi who lived near each other.  One summer afternoon the priest went out
and bought himself a new car, and the minister and rabbi, not to be outdone,
did the same.
	The next day the priest went out and blessed his car.  The minister
hired a crane and baptized his car in a swimming pool.  The rabbi, after
thinking seriously for a bit, got a hacksaw and cut three inches off the end
of the tail pipe.


Too much of everything is just enough.
		-- Bob Wier


	What is involved in such [close] relationships is a form of emotional
chemistry, so far unexplained by any school of psychiatry I am aware of, that
conditions nothing so simple as a choice between the poles of attraction and
repulsion.  You can meet some people thirty, forty times down the years, and
they remain amiable bystanders, like the shore lights of towns that a sailor
passes at stated times but never calls at on the regular run.  Conversely,
all considerations of sex aside, you can meet some other people once or twice
and they remain permanent influences on your life.
	Everyone is aware of this discrepancy between the acquaintance seen
as familiar wallpaper or instant friend.  The chemical action it entails is
less worth analyzing than enjoying.  At any rate, these six pieces are about
men with whom I felt an immediate sympat - to use a coining of Max Beerbohm's
more satisfactory to me than the opaque vogue word "empathy".
		-- Alistair Cooke, "Six Men"


Do not clog intellect's sluices with bits of knowledge of questionable uses.


The First Rule of Program Optimization:
	Don't do it.

The Second Rule of Program Optimization (for experts only!):
	Don't do it yet.
		-- Michael Jackson


[Norm comes in with an attractive woman.]

Coach:  Normie, Normie, could this be Vera?
Norm:   With a lot of expensive surgery, maybe.
		-- Cheers, Norman's Conquest

Coach:  What's up, Normie?
Norm:   The temperature under my collar, Coach.
		-- Cheers, I'll Be Seeing You (Part 2)

Coach:  What would you say to a nice beer, Normie?
Norm:   Going down?
		-- Cheers, Diane Meets Mom


Using [Windows] for any sort of serious work is like playing an old
text-based adventure game.  You're five feet from making it to your
goal, when bup-POW! a ten ton rock falls on your head.  Because you
didn't disarm the trap three hours before.  [...]

I always hated those adventure games.
		-- David Gerard


Do not underestimate the power of the Farce.


Entropy requires no maintenance.
		-- Markoff Chaney


Happy feast of the pig!


MAC user's dynamic debugging list evaluator?  Never heard of that.


The net is like a vast sea of lutefisk with tiny dinosaur brains embedded
in it here and there. Any given spoonful will likely have an IQ of 1, but
occasional spoonfuls may have an IQ more than six times that!
		-- James "Kibo" Parry


The tao that can be tar(1)ed
is not the entire Tao.
The path that can be specified
is not the Full Path.

We declare the names
of all variables and functions.
Yet the Tao has no type specifier.

Dynamically binding, you realize the magic.
Statically binding, you see only the hierarchy.

Yet magic and hierarchy
arise from the same source,
and this source has a null pointer.

Reference the NULL within NULL,
it is the gateway to all wizardry.


Power corrupts.  And atomic power corrupts atomically.


I may be getting older, but I refuse to grow up!


In the land of the dark the Ship of the
Sun is driven by the Grateful Dead.
		-- Egyptian Book of the Dead


Check me if I'm wrong, Sandy, but if I kill all the golfers...
they're gonna lock me up and throw away the key!


If someone were to ask me for a short cut to sensuality, I would
suggest he go shopping for a used 427 Shelby-Cobra.  But it is only
fair to warn you that of the 300 guys who switched to them in 1966,
only two went back to women.
		-- Mort Sahl


Denver, n.:
	A smallish city located just below the "O" in Colorado.


QOTD:
	"If I could walk that way, I wouldn't need the aftershave."


AQUARIUS (Jan. 20 to Feb. 18)
	A friend will step forward and confide in you about your breath.  Rely
	on your outgoing personality and winning smile to get you into a lot
	of trouble.  Be relaxed, things will change.  Look for a pink slip on
	payday.  Stop wetting your bed.


Question: Is it better to abide by the rules until
they're changed or help speed the change by breaking them?


What happened last night can happen again.


LEO (July 23 - Aug 22)
	You consider yourself a born leader.  Others think you are pushy.
	Most Leo people are bullies.  You are vain and dislike honest
	criticism.  Your arrogance is disgusting.  Leo people are thieves.


Death is nature's way of saying `Howdy'.


It cannot be seen, cannot be felt,
Cannot be heard, cannot be smelt.
It lies behind starts and under hills,
And empty holes it fills.
It comes first and follows after,
Ends life, kills laughter.


Man has made his bedlam; let him lie in it.
		-- Fred Allen


If opportunity came disguised as temptation, one knock would be enough.


In Brooklyn, we had such great pennant races, it
made the World Series just something that came later.
		-- Walter O'Malley, Dodgers owner


Q:	Heard about the <ethnic> who couldn't spell?
A:	He spent the night in a warehouse.


SAGDEEV CALLED ON THE U.S. TO MAKE A RECIPROCAL GESTURE:

	In a recent speech in London, the irrepressible former head of the
Soviet Space Research Institute noted that the Soviet Government has offered
to convert its gigantic Krasnoyarsk radar in Siberia into an international
space research facility in response to U.S. complaints that the radar would
violate the ABM treaty.  Sagdeev suggested that the U.S. reciprocate by
turning the unfinished U.S. embassy in Moscow into a nuclear crisis reduction
center.  The communication system, he pointed out, is already in place.


If you want to be ruined, marry a rich woman.
		-- Michelet


Did you hear about the model who sat
on a broken bottle and cut a nice figure?


Non-Reciprocal Laws of Expectations:
	Negative expectations yield negative results.
	Positive expectations yield negative results.


Cynic, n.:
	One who looks through rose-colored glasses with a jaundiced
	eye.


If you give a man enough rope, he'll claim he's tied up at the office.


Great Lover, n.:
	A man who can breathe through his ears.


Spelling is a lossed art.


I'll turn over a new leaf.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


Evangelists do it with Him watching.


What sin has not been committed in the name of efficiency?


A beer delayed is a beer denied.


Get forgiveness now -- tomorrow you may no longer feel guilty.


Function reject.


Owe no man any thing...
		-- Romans 13:8


The world is an 8000 mile in diameter spherical pile of shit.


The office brown-noser named Bunky
Would claim he was nobody's flunky.
	But when the chips were all down,
	His proboscis was brown,
And there hung many strands which were gunky.


Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what's up?
Norm:  The warranty on my liver.
		-- Cheers, Breaking In Is Hard to Do

Sam:  What can I do for you, Norm?
Norm: Open up those beer taps and, oh, take the day off, Sam.
		-- Cheers, Veggie-Boyd

Woody: What's going on, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Another layer for the winter, Wood.
		-- Cheers, It's a Wonderful Wife


Probable-Possible, my black hen,
She lays eggs in the Relative When.
She doesn't lay eggs in the Positive Now
Because she's unable to postulate How.
		-- Frederick Winsor


HR 3128.  Omnibus Budget Reconciliation, Fiscal 1986.  Martin, R-Ill., motion
that the House recede from its disagreement to the Senate amendment making
changes in the bill to reduce fiscal 1986 deficits.  The Senate amendment
was an amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the House
amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill.  The original Senate amendment
was the conference agreement on the bill.  Agreed to.
		-- Albuquerque Journal


Hear about...
	the poor Greek fisherman who got his upper torso wedged into
	a porthole and couldn't get out to save his ass?


A penny saved is ridiculous.


The two couples were enjoying their vacation together at a resort hotel.  They
were in the middle of a game of Scrabble in the lobby when a thunderstorm cut
off the hotel's electricity, leaving little to do but retire to their rooms.
Bill was a rather devout man, so before getting into bed with his companion,
he said his prayers.  As he got under the covers, the lightning suddenly
flashed through the window and he discovered that he was in the wrong room.
He instantly jumped up and started to dash for the hallway.  "It's too late,
called the girl from the bed, "my guy doesn't pray."


