MAC user's dynamic debugging list evaluator?  Never heard of that.


The idle mind knows not what it is it wants.
		-- Quintus Ennius


Don't despair; your ideal lover is waiting for you around the corner.


Don't get even, get odd.


To love is good, love being difficult.


My brother-in-law has found a way to make ends meet.  He goes around
with his head stuck up his ass.


Hatcheck girl:
	"Goodness!  What lovely diamonds!"
Mae West:
	"Goodness had nothin' to do with it, dearie."
		-- "Night After Night", 1932


... it is easy to be blinded to the essential uselessness of them by the
sense of achievement you get from getting them to work at all.  In other
words... their fundamental design flaws are completely hidden by their
superficial design flaws.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
		   on the products of the Sirius Cybernetics Corporation


Better by far you should forget and
smile than that you should remember and be sad.
		-- Christina Rossetti


It is said an Eastern monarch once charged his wise men to invent him a
sentence to be ever in view, and which should be true and appropriate
in all times and situations.  They presented him the words: "And this,
too, shall pass away."
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Welcome to the Zoo!


The meek shall inherit the earth -- they are too weak to refuse.


I'm defending her honor, which is more than she ever did.


There will always be beer cans rolling on the floor of your car when
the boss asks for a lift home from the office.


Oh, I have slipped the surly bonds of earth,
And danced the skies on laughter silvered wings;
Sunward I've climbed and joined the tumbling mirth
Of sun-split clouds and done a hundred things
You have not dreamed of --
Wheeled and soared and swung
High in the sunlit silence.
Hovering there
I've chased the shouting wind along and flung
My eager craft through footless halls of air.
Up, up along delirious, burning blue
I've topped the wind-swept heights with easy grace,
Where never lark, or even eagle flew;
And, while with silent, lifting mind I've trod
The high untrespassed sanctity of space,
Put out my hand, and touched the face of God.
		-- John Gillespie Magee, Jr., "High Flight"


It is better to be bow-legged than no-legged.


While walking down a crowded
City street the other day,
I heard a little urchin
To a comrade turn and say,
"Say, Chimmey, lemme tell youse,
I'd be happy as a clam
If only I was de feller dat
Me mudder t'inks I am.

"She t'inks I am a wonder,		My friends, be yours a life of toil
An' she knows her little lad		Or undiluted joy,
Could never mix wit' nuttin'		You can learn a wholesome lesson
Dat was ugly, mean or bad.		From that small, untutored boy.
Oh, lot o' times I sit and t'ink	Don't aim to be an earthly saint
How nice, 'twould be, gee whiz!		With eyes fixed on a star:
If a feller was de feller		Just try to be the fellow that
Dat his mudder t'inks he is."		Your mother thinks you are.
		-- Will S. Adkin, "If I Only Was the Fellow"


TV is chewing gum for the eyes.
		-- Frank Lloyd Wright


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #3:

Q:  When he went, had you gone and had she, if she wanted to and were
    able, for the time being excluding all the restraints on her not to
    go, gone also, would he have brought you, meaning you and she, with
    him to the station?
MR. BROOKS:  Objection.  That question should be taken out and shot.


There is only one word for aid that is genuinely without strings,
and that word is blackmail.
		-- Colm Brogan


Life is a game.  In order to have a game, something has to be more
important than something else.  If what already is, is more important
than what isn't, the game is over.  So, life is a game in which what
isn't, is more important than what is.  Let the good times roll.
		-- Werner Erhard


If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner.
		-- Tallulah Bankhead


He grabbed me by my slender neck,
I could not call or scream.
He dragged me to his tiny room,
Where we could not be seen.
He tore away my filmy wrap,
And gazed upon my form.
I so cold and frightened,
While he so strong and warm.
He pressed me to his thirsty lips,
I gave him every drop.
He drained me of my very self,
I could not make him stop!
And that is why you see me here,
An empty, broken bottle of beer...


Where do you go to get anorexia?
		-- Shelley Winters


Have a taco.
		-- P. S. Beagle


	It was in a bar in midtown Manhattan and the Frenchman and the
American were talking about love over some dry Martinis.  "Deed you know,
sir," the Frenchman said, "that een my country thair are 79 different
ways how to make the REAL, passionate luff?"
	"Do tell?" said the American.  "Well, that's amazing.  In this
country there's only one."
	"Just one?" the Frenchman said, condescendingly.  "And what eez
that?"
	"Well, there's a man and a woman, and --"
	"Sacre bleu!!" exclaimed the Frenchman.  "Numbair 80!"


When you're away, I'm restless, lonely
Wretched, bored, dejected, only
Here's the rub, my darling dear,
I feel the same when you are near.
		-- Samuel Hoffenstein, "Poems in Praise of Practically Nothing"


A conservative is a man
with two perfectly good legs who has never learned to walk.
		-- Franklin D. Roosevelt


Machines have less problems.  I'd like to be a machine.
		-- Andy Warhol


Q:	What is the last thing a Kansas stripper takes off?
A:	Her bowling shoes.


	"Darling", said the young bride, "tell me what's bothering you.
We promised to share all our joys and sorrows, remember?"
	"But this is different," protested her husband.
	"Together, darling," she insisted, "we will bear the burden.
Now tell me what our problem is."
	"Well," said the husband, "we've just become the father of a
bastard child."


For a house-to-house salesman named Moore,
Getting housewives' attention's no chore:
	He's endowed with a dong
	That is 12 inches long,
So he wedges his foot in the door.


Ona day Ima gonna to Detroit to a bigga hotel.  Ina morning I go down to
eat breakfast.  I tella waitress I wanna two piss's toast.  She bringa me
only one piss.  I tella her I wanna two piss ona my plate.  She says you
better no piss on the plate, you sonna bitch.  I don't even know the lady
and she call me sonna bitch.  Later I go out to eat at the bigga restaurant.
The waitress bring me a spoon and a knife but no fock.  I tell her I wanna
fock.  She tells me everone wanna fock.  I tell her "you no understand", I
wanna fock on the table.  She say you better not fock on the table, you
sonna bitch.  So I go back to my room ina hotel and there isa no shits ona
my bed.  I calla the manager and tella him I wanna shit.  He tella me to go
to the toilet.  I say "you no understand", I wanna shit on the bed.  He say
you better no shit ona bed, you sonna bitch.  I go to check out and the man
at the desk say "peace to you".  I say piss on you too, you sonna bitch.  I
gonna back to Italy.


It's the same old story; boy meets beer, boy drinks beer...
boy gets another beer.
		-- Cheers


It is bad luck to be superstitious.
		-- Andrew W. Mathis


It is bad luck to be superstitious.
		-- Andrew W. Mathis


Education is learning what you didn't even know you didn't know.
		-- Daniel J. Boorstin


Weinberg's Second Law:
	If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs,
	then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization.
		-- Gerald Weinberg


In the Garden of Eden sat Adam,
Massaging the bust of his madam,
	He chuckled with mirth,
	For he knew that on earth,
There were only two boobs and he had 'em.


Fortune's Law of the Week (this week, from Kentucky):
	No female shall appear in a bathing suit at any airport in this
State unless she is escorted by two officers or unless she is armed
with a club.  The provisions of this statute shall not apply to females
weighing less than 90 pounds nor exceeding 200 pounds, nor shall it
apply to female horses.


If you suspect a man, don't employ him.


Bureaucrat, n.:
	A politician who has tenure.


In a museum in Havana, there are two skulls of Christopher Columbus,
"one when he was a boy and one when he was a man."
		-- Mark Twain


If you guys have a beef with her, that's her problem.  Don't lay it on
me.  The old lady has to take care of her own weight.
		-- Herbie Sperling, convicted heroin dealer, on being
		   arrested for narcotics possession at his mother's house.


An actor's a guy who if you ain't talkin' about him, ain't listening.
		-- Marlon Brando


Disease can be cured; fate is incurable.
		-- Chinese proverb


The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions.
		-- Alfred Adler


The Ten Commandments for Technicians:
	1:  Beware the lightening that lurketh in the undischarged
	    capacitor, lest it cause thee to bounce upon thy buttocks in a
	    most untechnician-like manner.

	7: Work thou not on energized equipment, for if thou dost, thy
	    fellow workers will surely buy beers for thy widow and console
	    her in other ways.


Halley's Comet: It came, we saw, we drank.


Let us treat men and women well;
Treat them as if they were real;
Perhaps they are.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Contemporary American feminism's simplistic psychology is illustrated by
the new cliche of the date-rape furor:  "`No' always means `no'."  Will
we ever graduate from the Girl Scouts?  "No" has always been, and always
will be, part of the dangerous alluring courtship ritual of sex and
seduction, observable even in the animal kingdom.
		-- Camille Paglia, NY Times, Dec. 14 1990, Op Ed.


Joe Cool always spends the first two weeks at college sailing his Frisbee.
		-- Snoopy


IF I HAD A MINE SHAFT, I don't think I would just abandon it.  There's
got to be a better way.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Life is like arriving late for a movie, having to figure out what was
going on without bothering everybody with a lot of questions, and then
being unexpectedly called away before you find out how it ends.


And so it was, later,
As the miller told his tale,
That her face, at first just ghostly,
Turned a whiter shade of pale.
		-- Procol Harum


If opportunity came disguised as temptation, one knock would be enough.


	In what can only be described as a surprise move, God has officially
announced His candidacy for the U.S. presidency.  During His press conference
today, the first in over 4000 years, He is quoted as saying, "I think I have
a chance for the White House if I can just get my campaign pulled together
in time.  I'd like to get this country turned around; I mean REALLY turned
around!  Let's put Florida up north for awhile, and let's get rid of all
those annoying mountains and rivers.  I never could stand them!"
	There apparently is still some controversy over the Almighty's
citizenship and other qualifications for the Presidency.  God replied to
these charges by saying, "Come on, would the United States have anyone other
than a citizen bless their country?"


In the shade of the old apple tree
Where between her fat legs I could see
	A little brown spot
	With the hair in a knot,
And it certainly looked good to me.

I asked as I tickled her tit
If she thought that my big thing would fit.
	She said it would do
	So we had a good screw		In the shade of the old apple tree
In the shade of the old apple tree.	I got all that was coming to me.
						In the soft dewy grass
I could hear the dull buzz of the bee		I had a fine piece of ass
As he sunk his grub hooks into me.	From a maiden that was fine to see.
	Her ass it was fine
	But you should have seen mine
In the shade of the old apple tree.


The executioner is, I hear, very expert, and my neck is very slender.
		-- Anne Boleyn


Pascal is a language for children wanting to be naughty.
		-- Dr. Kasi Ananthanarayanan


A man can sleep around, no questions asked, but if a woman makes nineteen
or twenty mistakes she's a tramp.
		-- Joan Rivers


When in calling, plain speaking is out;
When the ladies (God bless 'em) are milling about,
You may wet, make water, or empty the glass;
You can powder your nose, or the "johnny" will pass.
It's a drain for the lily, or man about dog
When everyone's drunk, it's condensing the fog;
But sure as the devil, that word with a hiss
It's only in Shakespeare that characters ____.
		-- Ogden Nash


Californians are a strange people.  They'll put every chemical known to God
and man up their nostrils and then laugh at you for putting sugar in your
coffee.


To keep your friends treat them kindly;
to kill them, treat them often.


Seems there was this traveling salesman who wandered into a brothel and
asked the madam for a woman who would give him the absolutely worst blow-job
imaginable.  Not horny, just homesick.


I can't quite put my finger on it, but something about you pisses me off.
		-- Peter Knight


If this fortune didn't exist, somebody would have invented it.


Many pages make a thick book, except for pocket Bibles which are on very
thin paper.


The outraged husband discovered his wife in bed with another man.
	"What is the meaning of this?" he demanded.  "Who is this fellow?"
	"That seems like a fair question," said the wife, rolling over.
"What IS your name?"


A [golf] ball sliced or hooked into the rough shall be lifted and placed in
the fairway at a point equal to the distance it carried or rolled into the
rough.  Such veering right or left frequently results from friction between
the face of the club and the cover of the ball and the player should not be
penalized for the erratic behavior of the ball resulting from such
uncontrollable physical phenomena.
		-- Donald A. Metz


Water?  Never touch the stuff!  Fish fuck in it.
		-- W. C. Fields


Stay together, drag each other down.


It follows that any commander in chief who undertakes to carry out a plan
which he considers defective is at fault; he must put forth his reasons,
insist of the plan being changed, and finally tender his resignation rather
than be the instrument of his army's downfall.
		-- Napoleon, "Military Maxims and Thought"


If the colleges were better, if they really had it, you would need to get
the police at the gates to keep order in the inrushing multitude.  See in
college how we thwart the natural love of learning by leaving the natural
method of teaching what each wishes to learn, and insisting that you shall
learn what you have no taste or capacity for.  The college, which should
be a place of delightful labor, is made odious and unhealthy, and the
young men are tempted to frivolous amusements to rally their jaded spirits.
I would have the studies elective.  Scholarship is to be created not
by compulsion, but by awakening a pure interest in knowledge.  The wise
instructor accomplishes this by opening to his pupils precisely the
attractions the study has for himself.  The marking is a system for schools,
not for the college; for boys, not for men; and it is an ungracious work to
put on a professor.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


The person who marries for money usually earns every penny of it.


The shifts of Fortune test the reliability of friends.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero


If it's worth hacking on well, it's worth hacking on for money.


Be not anxious about what you have, but about what you are.
		-- Pope St. Gregory I


It is through symbols that man consciously or unconsciously
lives, works and has his being.
		-- Thomas Carlyle


	Work Hard.
	Rock Hard.
	Eat Hard.
	Sleep Hard.
	Grow Big.
	Wear Glasses If You Need 'Em.
		-- The Webb Wilder Credo


Fear and loathing, my man, fear and loathing.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


It is a profitable thing, if one is wise, to seem foolish.
		-- Aeschylus


Advice is a dangerous gift; be cautious about giving and receiving it.


Seems like these four rabbis had a series of theological arguments, and three
were always in accord against the fourth.  One day, the odd rabbi out, with
the usual "3 to 1, majority rules" statement that signified that he had lost
again, decided to appeal to a higher authority.  "Oh, God!" he cried.  "I
know in my heart that I am right and they are wrong!  Please show me a sign,
so they too will know that I understand Your laws."
	It was a beautiful, sunny day.  As soon as the rabbi finished his
plaint, a storm cloud moved across the sky above the four.  It rumbled once
and dissolved.  "A sign from God!  See, I'm right, I knew it!"  But the other
three disagreed, pointing out that stormclouds form on hot days.
	So he asked again: "Oh, God, I need a bigger sign to show that I am
right and they are wrong.  So please, God, a bigger sign."
	This time four stormclouds appeared, rushed toward each other to form
one big cloud, and a bolt of lightning knocked down a tree ten feet away from
the rabbis.  The cloud dispersed at once.  "I told you I was right!" insisted
the loner, but the others insisted that nothing had happened that could not
be explained by natural causes.
	The insisting rabbi is all ready to ask for a *very big* sign when
just as he says "Oh God..." the sky turns pitch black, the earth shakes, and
a deep, booming voice intones, "HEEEEEEEE'S RIIIIIIIGHT!"
	The sky returns to normal.  The one rabbi puts his hands on his hips
and snarls, "Well?"  "Okay, okayyyy," replied another, "so now it's 3 to 2!"


I went to my mother and told her I intended to commence a different life.
I asked for and obtained her blessing and at once commenced the career
of a robber.
		-- Tiburcio Vasquez


Had I been present at the creation, I would have given some
useful hints for the better ordering of the universe.
		-- Alfonso the Wise

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to operating system initialization.]


In America today ... we have Woody Allen, whose humor has become so
sophisticated that nobody gets it any more except Mia Farrow.  All
those who think Mia Farrow should go back to making movies where the
devil gets her pregnant and Woody Allen should go back to dressing up
as a human sperm, please raise your hands.  Thank you.
		-- Dave Barry, "Why Humor is Funny"


The street preacher looked so baffled
When I asked him why he dressed
With forty pounds of headlines
Stapled to his chest.
But he cursed me when I proved to him
I said, "Not even you can hide.
You see, you're just like me.
I hope you're satisfied."
		-- Bob Dylan


Politics is supposed to be the second oldest profession.  I have come to
realize that it bears a very close resemblance to the first.
		-- Ronald Reagan


Q:	How many IBM CPUs does it take to do a logical right shift?
A:	33.  1 to hold the bits and 32 to push the register.


Cunnilingus is next to cleanliness.


History shows that the human mind, fed by constant accessions of knowledge,
periodically grows too large for its theoretical coverings, and bursts them
asunder to appear in new habiliments, as the feeding and growing grub, at
intervals, casts its too narrow skin and assumes another...  Truly the imago
state of Man seems to be terribly distant, but every moult is a step gained.
		-- Charles Darwin, from "Origin of the Species"


Viennese Oyster: Lady who can cross her feet behind her head, lying on her
back, of course.  When she has done so, you hold her tightly round each instep
with your full hand and squeeze, lying on her full-length.  Don't try to put
an unsupple partner into this position -- it can't be achieved by brute force.
You can get a very similar sensation -- unique rocking pelvic movement -- with
less expertise if she crosses her ankles on her tummy, knees to shoulders, and
you lie on her crossed ankles with your full weight.  Why "Viennese" we don't
know.  Tolerable for short periods only but gives tremendous genital pressure
for both.
		-- The Joy of Sex


I don't understand what all the fuss was about in Los Angeles.
It's not like we looted Brooks Brothers when Oliver North got off.
		-- P.J. O'Rourke


Did you know that there are 71.9 acres of nipple tissue in the U.S.?


After all, what is your hosts' purpose in having a party?  Surely not for
you to enjoy yourself; if that were their sole purpose, they'd have simply
sent champagne and women over to your place by taxi.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


Another nun joke!!!
	You see, three nuns were walking down the street, when suddenly
this flasher jumped out in front of them and opened his trench coat,
exposing his all to the sisters.  Well, two of the nuns had strokes right
there, but the third nun wouldn't touch it.


Si jeunesse savait, si vieillesse pouvait.
[If youth but knew, if old age but could.]
		-- Henri Estienne


The primary function of the design engineer is to make things
difficult for the fabricator and impossible for the serviceman.


A continuing flow of paper is sufficient to continue the flow of paper.
		-- Dyer


Real computer scientists admire ADA for its overwhelming aesthetic
value but they find it difficult to actually program in it, as it is
much too large to implement.  Most computer scientists don't notice
this because they are still arguing over what else to add to ADA.


Well, it's hard for a mere man to believe that woman doesn't have equal
rights.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


Many are called, few are chosen.
Fewer still get to do the choosing.


Plots are like girdles.  Hidden, they hold your interest; revealed, they're
of no interest except to fetishists. Like girdles, they attempt to contain
an uncontainable experience.
		-- R. S. Knapp


The world is a comedy to those who think,
and a tragedy to those who feel.
		-- Horace Walpole


Sure banking is Biblical!

How about when Onan received a substantial penalty for early withdrawal?
Or when Pharaoh's daughter went into the bulrushes and came out with a
little prophet?  And it was Moses who led the Children of Israel to the
Banks of the Jordan!


Genius is the talent of a person who is dead.


With a rubber duck, one's never alone.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set:

DC	Divide and Conquer
DMPK	Destroy Memory Protect Key
DO	Divide and Overflow
EMPC	Emulate Pocket Calculator
EPI	Execute Programmer Immediately
EROS	Erase Read Only Storage
EXCE	Execute Customer Engineer
HCF	Halt and Catch Fire
IBP	Insert Bug and Proceed
INSQSW	Insert into queue somewhere (for FINO queues [First in never out])
PBC	Print and Break Chain
PDSK	Punch Disk


Lonely men seek companionship.
Lonely women sit at home and wait. They never meet.


You've always made the mistake of being yourself.
		-- Eugene Ionesco


GEORGIA:
	Where kinky sex means getting laid.


This is the way the world ends,
This is the way the world ends,
This is the way the world ends,
Not with a bang but with a whimper.
		-- T. S. Eliot, "The Hollow Men"


'Twas brillig, and the slithy toves
Did gyre and gimble in the wabe.	"Beware the Jabberwock, my son!
All mimsy were the borogroves		The jaws that bite, the claws
And the mome raths outgrabe.			that catch!
					Beware the Jubjub bird,
He took his vorpal sword in hand	And shun the frumious Bandersnatch!"
Long time the manxome foe he sought.
So rested he by the tumtum tree		And as in uffish thought he stood
And stood awhile in thought.		The Jabberwock, with eyes aflame
					Came whuffling through the tulgey wood
One! Two! One! Two!  And through and	And burbled as it came!
	through
The vorpal blade went snicker-snack.	"Hast thou slain the Jabberwock?
He left it dead, and took its head,	Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
And went galumphing back.		Oh frabjous day!  Calooh!  Callay!"
					He chortled in his joy.
'Twas brillig, and the slithy toves
Did gyre and gimble in the wabe.
All mimsy were the borogroves
And the mome raths outgrabe.
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Jabberwocky"


Force it!!!
If it breaks, well, it wasn't working anyway...
No, don't force it, get a bigger hammer.


Like punning, programming is a play on words.


A stitch in time saves nine.


What happened last night can happen again.


I think that I shall never see
A billboard lovely as a tree.
Indeed, unless the billboards fall
I'll never see a tree at all.
		-- Ogden Nash


Sic transit gloria Monday!


Better to use medicines at the outset than at the last moment.


I have a theory that it's impossible to prove anything,
but I can't prove it.


	Churchill was known to drain a glass or two and, after one
particularly convivial evening, he chanced to encounter Miss Bessie Braddock,
a Socialist member of the House of Commons, who, upon seeing his condition,
said, "Winston, you're drunk."  Mustering all his dignity, Churchill drew
himself up to his full height, cocked an eyebrow and rejoined, "Shove it up
your ass, you ugly cunt."
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


With reasonable men I will reason;
with humane men I will plead;
but to tyrants I will give no quarter.
		-- William Lloyd Garrison


The world is coming to an end...  SAVE YOUR BUFFERS!!


The greatest joy a man can know is to conquer his enemies and drive them
before him.  To ride their horses and take away their possessions.  To see
the faces of those who were dear to them bedewed with tears, and to clasp
their wives and daughters to his arms.
		-- Chinggis (Genghis) Khan


You will be awarded some great honor.


Man who falls in vat of molten optical glass makes spectacle of self.


GEMINI (May 21 to Jun. 20)
	Good news and bad news highlighted.  Enjoy the good news while you
	can; the bad news will make you forget it.  You will enjoy praise
	and respect from those around you; everybody loves a sucker.  A short
	trip is in the stars, possibly to the men's room.


David Sarnoff, 1964: "The computer will become the hub of a vast network of
remote data stations and information banks feeding into the machine at
a transmission rate of a billion or more bits of information a
second. Laser channels will vastly increase both data capacity and the
speeds with which it will be transmitted.  Eventually, a global
communications network handling voice, data and facsimile will
instantly link man to machine--or machine to machine--by land, air,
underwater, and space circuits. [The computer] will affect man's
ways of thinking, his means of education, his relationship to his physical
and social environment, and it will alter his ways of living...
[Before the end of this century, these forces] will coalesce into what
unquestionably will become the greatest adventure of the human mind."
		-- Eugene Lyons, "David Sarnoff" 1966


nohup rm -fr /&


Reichel's Law:
	A body on vacation tends to remain on vacation unless acted upon by
	an outside force.


Q:	How do you know your elephant had her period?
A:	There's a nickel on your dresser and your mattress is missing.


It is bad luck to be superstitious.
		-- Andrew W. Mathis


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(18) There is no such thing as "war atrocities." War is an atrocity.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Good day for business affairs.
Make a pass at that the new file clerk.


Virginity is a bubble on the sea of life,
which takes but one prick to break.
		-- Jordan Sand


It has been said [by Anatole France], "it is not by amusing oneself
that one learns," and, in reply: "it is *_o_n_l_y* by amusing oneself that
one can learn."
		-- Edward Kasner and James R. Newman


Picking up a man in a bar is like a snowstorm, you never know when
he's coming, how many inches you'll get or how long he'll stay.


Give all orders verbally.  Never write anything down
that might go into a "Pearl Harbor File".


There may be said to be two classes of people in the world; those who
constantly divide the people of the world into two classes and those
who do not.
		-- Robert Benchley


Communicate!  It can't make things any worse.


Some circumstantial evidence is very strong,
as when you find a trout in the milk.
		-- Thoreau


The smiling Spring comes in rejoicing,
And surly Winter grimly flies.
Now crystal clear are the falling waters,
And bonnie blue are the sunny skies.
Fresh o'er the mountains breaks forth the morning,
The ev'ning gilds the oceans's swell:
All creatures joy in the sun's returning,
And I rejoice in my bonnie Bell.

The flowery Spring leads sunny Summer,
The yellow Autumn presses near;
Then in his turn come gloomy Winter,
Till smiling Spring again appear.
Thus seasons dancing, life advancing,
Old Time and Nature their changes tell;
But never ranging, still unchanging,
I adore my bonnie Bell.
		-- Robert Burns, "My Bonnie Bell"


Nothing increases your golf score like witnesses.


I didn't know he was dead; I thought he was British.


Science is what happens when preconception meets verification.


And let me the canakin clink, clink;
and let me the canakin clink.
	A soldier's a man;
	O, man's life's but a span,
Why then, let a soldier drink.


I would like to know
What I was fencing in
And what I was fencing out.
		-- Robert Frost


Just weigh your own hurt against the hurt
of all the others, and then do what's best.
		-- Lovers and Other Strangers


The young lady had an unusual list,
Linked in part to a structural weakness.
She set no preconditions.


People seem to think that the blanket phrase, "I only work here,"
absolves them utterly from any moral obligation in terms of the
public -- but this was precisely Eichmann's excuse for his job in
the concentration camps.


... indifference is a militant thing ... when it goes away it leaves
smoking ruins, where lie citizens bayonetted through the throat.  It is
not a children's pastime like mere highway robbery.
		-- Stephen Crane


Higgins:	Doolittle, you're either an honest man or a rogue.
Doolittle:	A little of both, Guv'nor.  Like the rest of us, a
		little of both.
		-- Shaw, "Pygmalion"


Every improvement in communication makes the bore more terrible.
		-- Frank Moore Colby


John			Dame May		Oscar
Was Gay			Was Whitty		Was Wilde
But Gerard Hopkins	But John Greenleaf	But Thornton
Was Manley		Was Whittier		Was Wilder
		-- Willard Espy


GEMINI (May 21 - June 20)
	You are a quick and intelligent thinker.  People like you because
you are bisexual.  However, you are inclined to expect too much for too
little.  This means you are cheap.  Geminis are known for committing incest.


If people drank ink instead of Schlitz, they'd be better off.
		-- Edward E. Hippensteel

[What brand of ink?  Ed.]


QOTD:
	"Every morning I read the obituaries; if my name's not there,
	I go to work."


