I'd love to go out with you, but I never go out on days that end in
"Y".


If little else, the brain is an educational toy.
		-- Tom Robbins


Girls really do know just what they want -- you to figure it out for
yourself!


QOTD:
	"Talk about willing people... over half of them are willing to work
	and the others are more than willing to watch them."


It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli


There are no rules for March.  March is spring, sort
of, usually, March means maybe, but don't bet on it.


It's our fault.  We should have given him better parts.
		-- Jack Warner, on hearing that Reagan had been
		   elected governor of California.

[Warner is also reported to have said, when told of Reagan's candidacy
for governor, "No, Jimmy Stewart for Governor; Reagan for best friend."]


Ring around the collar.


All I want is a girl made of wood,
With fine-grained hair and carven knee.
She wouldn't drink and wouldn't smoke,
Oh, wooden tit be loverly?
		-- Pinocchio


The way to make a small fortune in the
commodities market is to start with a large fortune.


A bug in the code is worth two in the documentation.


He was part of my dream, of course --
but then I was part of his dream too.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


I'd rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy.


A would-be disciple came to Nasrudin's hut on the mountain-side.  Knowing
that every action of such an enlightened one is significant, the seeker
watched the teacher closely.  "Why do you blow on your hands?"  "To warm
myself in the cold."  Later, Nasrudin poured bowls of hot soup for himself
and the newcomer, and blew on his own.  "Why are you doing that, Master?"
"To cool the soup."  Unable to trust a man who uses the same process
to arrive at two different results -- hot and cold -- the disciple departed.


Have an adequate day.


The pleasure is transitory, the cost
prohibitive, and the position ridiculous.
		-- Disraeli, on sex


Fortune presents:
	USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #5.

Mi ^cevalovipus vin se mi havus		I'd horsewhip you if I had a horse.
	^cevalon.
Vere vi ^sercas.			You must be kidding.
Nu, parDOOOOOnu min!			Well exCUUUUUSE me!
Kiu invitis vin?			Who invited you?
Kion vi diris pri mia patrino?		What did you say about my mother?
Bu^so^stopu min per kulero.		Gag me with a spoon.


	In "King Henry VI, Part II," Shakespeare has Dick Butcher suggest to
his fellow anti-establishment rabble-rousers, "The first thing we do, let's
kill all the lawyers."  That action may be extreme but a similar sentiment
was expressed by Thomas K. Connellan, president of The Management Group, Inc.
Speaking to business executives in Chicago and quoted in Automotive News,
Connellan attributed a measure of America's falling productivity to an excess
of attorneys and accountants, and a dearth of production experts.  Lawyers
and accountants "do not make the economic pie any bigger; they only figure
out how the pie gets divided.  Neither profession provides any added value
to product."
	According to Connellan, the highly productive Japanese society has
10 lawyers and 30 accountants per 100,000 population.  The U.S. has 200
lawyers and 700 accountants.  This suggests that "the U.S. proportion of
pie-bakers and pie-dividers is way out of whack."  Could Dick Butcher have
been an efficiency expert?
		-- Motor Trend, May 1983


Don't feed the bats tonight.


Stability itself is nothing else than a more sluggish motion.


Marriage is not merely sharing the fettuccine, but sharing the
burden of finding the fettuccine restaurant in the first place.
		-- Calvin Trillin


This is an unauthorized cybernetic announcement.


You see things; and you say "Why?"
But I dream things that never were; and I say "Why not?"
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "Back to Methuselah"
		   [No, it wasn't John F. Kennedy.  Ed.]


What I want is all of the power and none of the responsibility.


If only you knew she loved you, you could
face the uncertainty of whether you love her.


The Vet Who Surprised A Cow
	In the course of his duties in August 1977, a Dutch veterinary
surgeon was required to treat an ailing cow.  To investigate its internal
gases he inserted a tube into that end of the animal not capable of facial
expression and struck a match.  The jet of flame set fire first to some
bales of hay and then to the whole farm causing damage estimate at L45,000.
The vet was later fined L140 for starting a fire in a manner surprising to
the magistrates.  The cow escaped with shock.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


You are a tower of strength in the office, but only so-so in bed.


Death is Nature's way of recycling human beings.


The objective of all dedicated employees should be to thoroughly analyze
all situations, anticipate all problems prior to their occurrence, have
answers for these problems, and move swiftly to solve these problems
when called upon.
	However...
When you are up to your ass in alligators it is difficult to remind
yourself your initial objective was to drain the swamp.


Croll's Query:
	If tin whistles are made of tin, what are foghorns made of?


Sorry.  Nice try.


What is good?  Everything that heightens the feeling of power in man, the
will to power, power itself.  What is bad?  Everything that is born of
weakness.  Not contentedness but more power; not peace but war; not virtue
but fitness.  The weak and the failures shall perish: first principle of
our love of man.  And they shall even be given every possible assistance.
What is more harmful than any vice?  Active pity for all the failures and
all the weak: Christianity.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Do not use the blue keys on this terminal.


	"My God!  Are we sure he was a liberal?"
	"Pretty sure.  They pulled him from a Volvo."


Spring is here, spring is here,
Life is skittles and life is beer.


The first marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence,
and the second the triumph of hope over experience.


Going to church does not make a person religious, nor does going to school
make a person educated, any more than going to a garage makes a person a car.


Allen's Axiom:
	When all else fails, read the instructions.


Isn't it nice that people who prefer Los Angeles to San Francisco live
there?
		-- Herb Caen


	"In this replacement Earth we're building they've given me Africa
to do and of course I'm doing it with all fjords again because I happen to
like them, and I'm old-fashioned enough to think that they give a lovely
baroque feel to a continent.  And they tell me it's not equatorial enough.
Equatorial!"  He gave a hollow laugh.  "What does it matter?  Science has
achieved some wonderful things, of course, but I'd far rather be happy than
right any day."
	"And are you?"
	"No.  That's where it all falls down, of course."
	"Pity," said Arthur with sympathy.  "It sounded like quite a good
life-style otherwise."
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


The greatest disloyalty one can offer to great pioneers
is to refuse to move an inch from where they stood.


	He had been bitten by a dog, but didn't give it much thought
until he noticed that the wound was taking a remarkably long time to
heal.  Finally, he consulted a doctor who took one look at it and
ordered the dog brought in.  Just as he had suspected, the dog had
rabies.  Since it was too late to give the patient serum, the doctor
felt he had to prepare him for the worst.  The poor man sat down at the
doctor's desk and began to write.  His physician tried to comfort him.
"Perhaps it won't be so bad," he said. "You needn't make out your will
right now."
	"I'm not making out any will," relied the man.  "I'm just writing
out a list of people I'm going to bite!"


Buffy:	It was exactly you Will, every detail.  Except for your not being
	a dominatrix, as far as we know.
Willow:	Oh right, me and Oz play, "Mistress of Pain" every night.
Xander:	Did anyone else just go to a scary visual place?
Buffy:	Oh yeah.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Dopplegangland"
		   Season 3, Episode 16


All I want is a girl made of wood,
With fine-grained hair and carven knee.
She wouldn't drink and wouldn't smoke,
Oh, wooden tit be loverly?
		-- Pinocchio


They have been at a great feast of languages, and stolen the scraps.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"


Hello, friend!  You say things aren't going too well?  You say you have a
date with your favorite girl when it starts raining so hard you can't see?
And you're out on some back road when the car stalls and won't start, so
you set off across the fields, and 50 feet of barbed wire hits you right
smack in the puss?  And then there's a big explosion behind you and you
don't hear your girl screaming any more?

	Well, take a walk in the sun and hold your head up high!
	You'll show the world; you'll tell them where to get off!
	You'll never give up, never give up, never give up -- that ship!


A professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep.


Politics, n.:
	A strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles.
	The conduct of public affairs for private advantage.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


On one hot dusty day in 1860, a lone Mexican bandit crossed the border into
Texas.  After robbing a small bank and shooting up the town, he led the posse
on a merry chase through the desert.  On the sixth day of the chase he was
apprehended.
	Sheriff-to-interpreter:	"Ask him where the money is."
	Interpreter-to-bandit:	"He wants to know where you hid the money."
	Bandit-to-interpreter:	"I'll never tell, never!"
	Interpreter-to-sheriff:	"He says he'll never tell, senor."
At this point, the sheriff loses his cool.  His town has been shot up, his
bank robbed, he's spent a week in the desert tracking this guy, and now he
says he'll never tell.  So he takes his pistol, jams it under the bandits'
chin, and, with the veins standing out on his neck, screams "Tell him to tell
me where the money is, or I'm gonna blow his brains all over the desert!"
	Interpreter-to-bandit:	"He says if you don't tell him where the
		money is right now, he will kill you here."
	Bandit-to-interpreter:	"Do not kill me, senor, the money is hidden
		under the big tree at the pass!"
	Interpreter-to-sheriff:	"He says you ain't got the balls..."


The notes blatted skyward as the rose over the Canada geese, feathered
rumps mooning the day, webbed appendages frantically pedaling unseen
bicycles in their search for sustenance, driven by cruel Nature's maxim,
'Ya wanna eat, ya gotta work,' and at last I knew Pittsburgh.
		-- Winning sentence, 1987 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest


Death is nature's way of telling you to slow down.


Only Irish coffee provides in a single glass all four
essential food groups -- alcohol, caffeine, sugar, and fat.
		-- Alex Levine

[Oh come on, everybody knows that the four basic food groups are
hot sugar, cold sugar, carbohydrates and grease.  Ed.]


If all the world's economists were laid end to end,
we wouldn't reach a conclusion.
		-- William Baumol


Is knowledge knowable?  If not, how do we know that?


A reactionary is a man whose political opinions always manage to keep
up with yesterday.


Sometimes a man who deserves to be looked down upon because he is a
fool is despised only because he is a lawyer.
		-- Montesquieu


The possession of a book becomes a substitute for reading it.
		-- Anthony Burgess


A farmer is a man outstanding in his field.


Women come and go, but BSD is forever.
		-- Derek Young


For every bloke who makes his mark,
there's half a dozen waiting to rub it out.
		-- Andy Capp


Tuesday is the Wednesday of the rest of your life.


No one can put you down without your full cooperation.


A soft answer turneth away wrath; but grievous words stir up anger.
		-- Proverbs 15:1


A person who has nothing looks at all there is and wants something.
A person who has something looks at all there is and wants all the rest.


Do not despair of life.  You have no doubt force enough to overcome
your obstacles.  Think of the fox prowling through wood and field in
a winter night for something to satisfy his hunger.  Notwithstanding
cold and hounds and traps, his race survives.  I do not believe any
of them ever committed suicide.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


Any priest or shaman must be presumed guilty until proved innocent.
		-- Lazarus Long


Some of us are becoming the men we wanted to marry.
		-- Gloria Steinem


Arguments with furniture are rarely productive.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"


I don't care where I sit as long as I get fed.
		-- Calvin Trillin


It was on the tip of my tongue to tell them about the deer, but I ended up
not doing it.  That was one thing I kept to myself.  I've never spoken or
written of it until just now, today.  And I have to tell you that it seems
a lesser thing written down, damn near inconsequential.  But for me it was
the best part of that trip, the cleanest part, and it was a moment I found
myself returning to, almost helplessly, when there was trouble in my life --
my first day in the bush in Vietnam, and this fellow walked into the clearing
where we were with his hand over his nose and when he took his hand away there
was no nose there because it had been shot off; the time the doctor told us
our youngest son might be hydrocephalic (he turned out just to have an
oversized head, thank God); the long crazy weeks before my mother died.  I
would find my thoughts turning back to that morning, the scuffed suede of
her ears, the white flash of her tail.  But eight hundred million Red Chinese
don't give a shit, right?  The most important things are the hardest to say,
because words diminish them.  It's hard to make strangers care about the
good things in your life.
		-- Stephen King, "The Body"


You have acquired a scroll entitled 'irk gleknow mizk'(n).--More--

This is an IBM Manual scroll.--More--

You are permanently confused.
		-- Dave Decot


In California, Bill Honig, the Superintendent of Public Instruction, said he
thought the general public should have a voice in defining what an excellent
teacher should know.  "I would not leave the definition of math," Dr. Honig
said, "up to the mathematicians."
		-- The New York Times, October 22, 1985


In case of fire, yell "FIRE!"


It was Penguin lust... at its ugliest.


Maybe if the guy who developed Twinkies hadn't had such a low
opinion of himself they would have been an inch or two longer!


Do you smoke after sex?
Why, do you know, I've never looked!


Isn't it strange that the same people that
laugh at gypsy fortune tellers take economists seriously?


Did you hear about the model who sat
on a broken bottle and cut a nice figure?


Women are always anxious to urge bachelors to matrimony; is it
from charity, or revenge?
		-- Gustave Vapereau


The luck that is ordained for you will be coveted by others.


	One fine day, the bus driver went to the bus garage, started his bus,
and drove off along the route.  No problems for the first few stops -- a few
people got on, a few got off, and things went generally well.  At the next
stop, however, a big hulk of a guy got on.  Six feet eight, built like a
wrestler, arms hanging down to the ground.  He glared at the driver and said,
"Big John doesn't pay!" and sat down at the back.
	Did I mention that the driver was five feet three, thin, and basically
meek?  Well, he was.  Naturally, he didn't argue with Big John, but he wasn't
happy about it.  Well, the next day the same thing happened -- Big John got on
again, made a show of refusing to pay, and sat down.  And the next day, and the
one after that, and so forth.  This grated on the bus driver, who started
losing sleep over the way Big John was taking advantage of him.  Finally he
could stand it no longer. He signed up for bodybuilding courses, karate, judo,
and all that good stuff.  By the end of the summer, he had become quite strong;
what's more, he felt really good about himself.
	So on the next Monday, when Big John once again got on the bus
and said "Big John doesn't pay!," the driver stood up, glared back at the
passenger, and screamed, "And why not?"
	With a surprised look on his face, Big John replied, "Big John has a
bus pass."


Bierman's Laws of Contracts:
	(1) In any given document, you can't cover all the "what if's".
	(2) Lawyers stay in business resolving all the unresolved "what if's".
	(3) Every resolved "what if" creates two unresolved "what if's".


It was Penguin lust... at its ugliest.


It is difficult to legislate morality in the absence of moral legislators.


A hand in the bush is worth two on the bird.


Your wise men don't know how it feels
To be thick as a brick.
		-- Jethro Tull, "Thick As A Brick"


We demand rigidly defined areas of doubt and uncertainty!
		-- Vroomfondel


It cannot be seen, cannot be felt,
Cannot be heard, cannot be smelt.
It lies behind starts and under hills,
And empty holes it fills.
It comes first and follows after,
Ends life, kills laughter.


A cannibal warrior is experiencing severe gastric distress, so he goes
to his Village Witch Doctor with his complaint.  The VWD examines him
and, concluding that something he ate disagreed with him, began to cross
examine him about his recent diet.
	"Well, I ate a missionary yesterday.  Do you think that could be
the problem?"
	The VWD says "Hmmmm."  (All doctors say "Hmmmm.")  "That could be.
Tell me a bit about this missionary."
	"Well, he was tall for a white man, wearing a brown robe.  He was
walking down the trail, not watching for danger, so I speared him, dragged
him home, cleaned him, boiled him and ate him."
	"Ah-hah!" (All doctors say "Ah-hah!")  There's your problem," smiles
the VWD.  You boiled him, but he was a friar!"


Hartley's First Law:
	You can lead a horse to water, but if you can
	get him to float on his back, you've got something.


You know it's going to be a long day when you get up, shave and shower,
start to get dressed and your shoes are still warm.
		-- Dean Webber


Common sense is instinct, and enough of it is genius.
		-- Josh Billings


Illinois isn't exactly the land that God forgot:
it's more like the land He's trying to ignore.


What good is having someone who can walk on water if you don't follow
in his footsteps?


Law of Communications:
	The inevitable result of improved and enlarged communications
	between different levels in a hierarchy is a vastly increased
	area of misunderstanding.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(6) Ours is a world governed by the aggressive use of force.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


King Louis gave a lesson in class,
One time while enjoying a lass.
	When she used the word "Damn"
	He rebuked her: "Please ma'am,
Keep a more civil tongue in my ass."


When one wants to get rid of an unsupportable pressure, one needs hashish.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


HAPPINESS:
	Having your Herpes (Type II) test come back negative.


My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior
spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive
with our frail and feeble mind.
		-- Albert Einstein


Visits always give pleasure: if not on arrival, then on the departure.
		-- Edouard Le Berquier, "Pensees des Autres"


		     JACK AND THE BEANSTACK
			  by Mark Isaak

	Long ago, in a finite state far away, there lived a JOVIAL
character named Jack.  Jack and his relations were poor.  Often their
hash table was bare.  One day Jack's parent said to him, "Our matrices
are sparse.  You must go to the market to exchange our RAM for some
BASICs."  She compiled a linked list of items to retrieve and passed it
to him.
	So Jack set out.  But as he was walking along a Hamilton path,
he met the traveling salesman.
	"Whither dost thy flow chart take thou?" prompted the salesman
in high-level language.
	"I'm going to the market to exchange this RAM for some chips
and Apples," commented Jack.
	"I have a much better algorithm.  You needn't join a queue
there; I will swap your RAM for these magic kernels now."
	Jack made the trade, then backtracked to his house.  But when
he told his busy-waiting parent of the deal, she became so angry she
started thrashing.
	"Don't you even have any artificial intelligence?  All these
kernels together hardly make up one byte," and she popped them out the
window ...


Kitten with a whip,	Teddy bear in chains,	Puss in leather boots,
tail, swish swish,	spread on a bed;	rising thigh high;
take what you will,	fantasy games,		black rubber suits;
get what you wish.	deep in your head.	making him cry.

Squirm from the blows,	Now pussy's all hot,	Teddy bear sighs;
writhe from the pain;	from the power trip;	kitty's on top;
but teddy bear knows,	ready or not,		there's fire in her eyes,
that he wants it again.	next swing's from	and the cat won't stop.
				the hip.

The world explodes,	Teddy's still tied;	Kitten with a whip,
her claws dig in;	lying all alone;	tail, swish swish,
then kitty cat goes,	even if he tried,	take what you will,
cause she's through	he couldn't go home.	get what you wish.
	with him.
		-- Kitten With A Whip


If you need anything just whistle.
You know how to whistle, don't you, Steve?
Just put your lips together and blow.
		-- Lauren Bacall, "To Have and Have Not"


This door is baroquen, please wiggle Handel.
(If I wiggle Handel, will it wiggle Bach?)
		-- Found on a door in the MSU music building


FreeBSD: putting the horse before the cart since 1992.
		-- Warner Losh


Maybe we should think of this as one perfect week... where we found each
other, and loved each other... and then let each other go before anyone
had to seek professional help.


Any member introducing a dog into the Society's premises shall be
liable to a fine of one pound.  Any animal leading a blind person shall
be deemed to be a cat.
		-- Rule 46, Oxford Union Society, London


My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four.
Unless there are three other people.
		-- Orson Welles


Well, you almost got it right.  The only problem is, you're doing it exactly
backwards!  Just reverse the motions you described and your partner will
experience an incredibly intense orgasm.  One trouble with this technique,
though, is that it works so well.  Believe me, word will get around about
your newfound prowess and you'll be inundated by prospective sexual partners.
So try to be discreet.  I prefer maple syrup to pineapple/apricot lotion, but
that's a matter of personal preference.  Also, I'd advise against the syrup,
or using honey, if you're outside, because the insects it attracts tend to
distract the quail.  You can substitute crazy glue (but obviously not thumb
tacks!) for the masking tape, but only if you don't want to use the piano for
awhile.


The NY Times is read by the people who run the country.  The Washington Post
is read by the people who think they run the country.  The National Enquirer
is read by the people who think Elvis is alive and running the country.
		-- Robert Woodhead


Save the bales!


Van Roy's Law:
	An unbreakable toy is useful for breaking other toys.


Scott's second Law:
	When an error has been detected and corrected, it will be found
to have been wrong in the first place.

Corollary:
	After the correction has been found in error, it will be
impossible to fit the original quantity back into the equation.


We invented a new protocol and called it Kermit, after Kermit the Frog,
star of "The Muppet Show." [3]

[3]  Why?  Mostly because there was a Muppets calendar on the wall when we
were trying to think of a name, and Kermit is a pleasant, unassuming sort of
character.  But since we weren't sure whether it was OK to name our protocol
after this popular television and movie star, we pretended that KERMIT was an
acronym; unfortunately, we could never find a good set of words to go with the
letters, as readers of some of our early source code can attest.  Later, while
looking through a name book for his forthcoming baby, Bill Catchings noticed
that "Kermit" was a Celtic word for "free", which is what all Kermit programs
should be, and words to this effect replaced the strained acronyms in our
source code (Bill's baby turned out to be a girl, so he had to name her Becky
instead).  When BYTE Magazine was preparing our 1984 Kermit article for
publication, they suggested we contact Henson Associates Inc. for permission
to say that we did indeed name the protocol after Kermit the Frog.  Permission
was kindly granted, and now the real story can be told.  I resisted the
temptation, however, to call the present work "Kermit the Book."
		-- Frank da Cruz, "Kermit - A File Transfer Protocol"


When you go into court you are putting your fate into the hands of twelve
people who weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty.
		-- Norm Crosby


LEO (Jul. 23 to Aug. 22)
	Your presence, poise, charm and good looks won't even help you today.
	Look over your shoulder; an ugly person may be following you.  Be on
	your toes.  Brush your teeth.  Take Geritol.


In case of atomic attack, all work rules will be temporarily suspended.


	I paid a visit to my local precinct in Greenwich Village and
asked a sergeant to show me some rape statistics.  He politely obliged.
That month there had been thirty-five rape complaints, an advance of ten
over the same month for the previous year.  The precinct had made two
arrests.
	"Not a very impressive record," I offered.
	"Don't worry about it," the sergeant assured me.  "You know what
these complaints represent?"
	"What do they represent?" I asked.
	"Prostitutes who didn't get their money," he said firmly,
closing the book.
		-- Susan Brownmiller, "Against Our Will"


Software suppliers are trying to make their software packages more
"user-friendly".  ...  Their best approach, so far, has been to take all
the old brochures, and stamp the words, "user-friendly" on the cover.
		-- Bill Gates, Microsoft, Inc.


Don't assume that every sad-eyed woman has loved and lost -- she may
have got him.


She was good at playing abstract confusion in the same way a midget is
good at being short.
		-- Clive James, on Marilyn Monroe


Mollison's Bureaucracy Hypothesis:
	If an idea can survive a bureaucratic review
	and be implemented it wasn't worth doing.


WORK:
	The blessed respite from screaming kids and
	soap operas for which you actually get paid.


I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.
I want to achieve immortality through not dying.
		-- Woody Allen


When you're bored with yourself, marry, and be bored with someone else.
		-- David Pryce-Jones


Much as they like to persuade us differently, lawyers are simply hired
consultants, and at some point you time them out.
		-- Craig Partridge


Did you know that Spiro Agnew is an anagram of "Grow a Penis"?


Il y avait un plombier, Francois,
Qui plombait sa femme dans le Bois.
	Dit-elle, "Arretez!
	J'entends quelqu'un venait."
Dit le plombier, en plombant, "C'est moi."


	An old maid wanted to travel by bus to the pet cemetery with the
remains of her cat.  As she boarded the bus, she whispered to the driver,
"I have a dead pussy."
	The driver pointed to the woman in the seat behind him and said,
"Sit with my wife.  You two have a lot in common."


Attempting to stop MySQL by buying companies around it is like trying
to kill a dolphin by drinking the ocean.
		-- Marten Mickos


"I don't understand," said the scientist, "why you lemmings all rush down
to the sea and drown yourselves."

"How curious," said the lemming. "The one thing I don't understand is why
you human beings don't."
		-- James Thurber


Flying is the second greatest feeling you can have.  The greatest feeling?
Landing...  Landing is the greatest feeling you can have.


To craunch a marmoset.
		-- Pedro Carolino, "English as She is Spoke"


No house is childproofed unless the little darlings are in straitjackets.


The universe is ruled by letting things take their course.
It cannot be ruled by interfering.
		-- Chinese proverb


If you had any brains, you'd be dangerous.


