All syllogisms have three parts, therefore this is not a syllogism.


Perplexed, a shy virgin named Plummer
Asked, "what's there to do in the summer?"
	She declined and declined
	Till approached from behind...
When her summer turned out quite a bummer!


Freedom of the press is for those who happen to own one.


Eat as much as you like -- just don't swallow it.
		-- Harry Secombe's diet


Reality is nothing but a collective hunch.
		-- Lily Tomlin


Seems like this guy wanders into a rural outfitting store in Alaska,
and starts talking to a rather grizzled old man sitting by the cash
register.
	"Hear ya got a lotta' bears 'round here?"
	"Yeah, you could say that," answers the old man.
	"GRIZZLIES?!?!"
	"A few."
	"Got any bear bells?"
	"What's that?"
	"You know, them little dingle-bells ya put on yer backpack so
bears know yer there so's they can run away ...  I'll take one fer black
bears, and one fer them grizzlies.  Say, how do you know yer in grizzly
country, anyhow?"
	"Look fer scat.  Grizzly scat's different from black bear scat."
	"Well now, what's IN grizzly scat that's different?"
	"Bear bells."


Crusade for Cthulhu!  It Found ME!


A sinking ship gathers no moss.
		-- Donald Kaul


I wish I was a fascinating lady
With a past that was cheap and a future that was shady
I'd sleep all day and I'd work all night
I'd live in a house with a little red light
And once a month I'd take a small vacation
And leave all the men to their imagination
And once in a while I'd go all wild
And have myself an illegitimate child
I wish I were a fascinating lady
Instead I'm the minister's child


Q:	What's black and white and red all over?
A:	Half a nun.


It takes little strain and no art
To bang out an echoing fart.
	The reaction is hearty
	When you fart at a party,
But the sensitive persons depart.


Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature.
		-- Rich Kulawiec


Everyone wants results, but no one is willing to do what it takes
to get them.
		-- Dirty Harry


Q:	Heard about the <ethnic> who couldn't spell?
A:	He spent the night in a warehouse.


Hewett's Observation:
	The rudeness of a bureaucrat is inversely proportional to his or
	her position in the governmental hierarchy and to the number of
	peers similarly engaged.


You can't depend on the man who made the mess to clean it up.
		-- Richard M. Nixon (1952)


It takes less time to do a thing right
than it does to explain why you did it wrong.
		-- H. W. Longfellow


Don't tell me how hard you work.  Tell me how much you get done.
		-- James J. Ling


Pension, n.:
	A federally insured chain letter.


Most people have two reasons for doing anything --
a good reason, and the real reason.


Dreams are free, but you get soaked on the connect time.


Its failings notwithstanding, there is much to be said in favor of journalism
in that by giving us the opinion of the uneducated, it keeps us in touch with
the ignorance of the community.
		-- Oscar Wilde


As for Carter being for registration but against the draft, isn't that
sort of being like for putting it in and not taking it out?  Even if it
was possible not to follow through, you'd still be getting screwed.


British education is probably the best in the world, if you can survive
it.  If you can't there is nothing left for you but the diplomatic corps.
		-- Peter Ustinov


CANCER (June 21 - July 22)
	You are sympathetic and understanding of other people's problems.
	They think you are a sucker.  You are always putting things off.
	That's why you'll never make anything of yourself.  Most welfare
	recipients are Cancer people.


Others can stop you temporarily, only you can do it permanently.


If I'd known computer science was going to be like this,
I'd never have given up being a rock 'n' roll star.
		-- G. Hirst


Jesus Saves,
Moses Invests,
But only Buddha pays Dividends.


The sex was nice, but confusing.  The whole situation kept going di-polar
on Sta-Hi.  One instant Misty would seem like a lovely warm girl who'd
survived a terrible injury, like a lost puppy to be stroked, a lonely
woman to be husbanded.  But then he'd start thinking of the wires behind
her eyes, and he'd be screwing a machine, an inanimate object, a public
toilet.  Just like with any other woman for him, really.
		-- Rudy Rucker, "Software"


Never try to explain computers to a layman.  It's easier to explain
sex to a virgin.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein

(Note, however, that virgins tend to know a lot about computers.)


That's where the money was.
		-- Willie Sutton, on being asked why he robbed a bank

It's a rather pleasant experience to be alone in a bank at night.
		-- Willie Sutton


When the usher noticed a man stretched across three seats in a movie theatre,
he walked over and whispered, "I'm sorry, sir, but you're allowed only a single
seat." The man moaned, but did not budge.  "Sir," the user said more loudly,
"if you don't move, I'll have to call a manager."  The man moaned again but
stayed where he was. The usher left, and returned with the manager, who, after
several more attempts at dislodging the fellow, called the police.
	The cop took a look at the reclining man and said, "All right, boyo,
what's your name?"
	"Samuel," he mumbled.
	"And where're you from, Sam?"
	"The balcony."


Aquadextrous, adj.:
	Possessing the ability to turn the bathtub
	faucet on and off with your toes.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


The discerning person is always at a disadvantage.


Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke


Truth never comes into the world but like a bastard, to the ignominy
of him that brought her birth.
		-- Milton


Q:	How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Whereas the party of the first part, also known as "Lawyer",
	and the party of the second part, also known as "Light Bulb",
	do hereby and forthwith agree to a transaction wherein the
	party of the second part shall be removed from the current
	position as a result of failure to perform previously agreed
	upon duties, i.e., the lighting, elucidation, and otherwise
	illumination of the area ranging from the front (north) door,
	through the entryway, terminating at an area just inside the
	primary living area, demarcated by the beginning of the carpet,
	any spillover illumination being at the option of the party of
	the second part and not required by the aforementioned agreement
	between the parties.

	The aforementioned removal transaction shall include, but not
	be limited to, the following.  The party of the first part
	shall, with or without elevation at his option, by means of a
	chair, stepstool, ladder or any other means of elevation, grasp
	the party of the second part and rotate the party of the second
	part in a counter-clockwise direction, this point being tendered
	non-negotiable.  Upon reaching a point where the party of the
	second part becomes fully detached from the receptacle, the
	party of the first part shall have the option of disposing of
	the party of the second part in a manner consistent with all
	relevant and applicable local, state and federal statutes.

	Once separation and disposal have been achieved, the party of
	the first part shall have the option of beginning installation.
	Aforesaid installation shall occur in a manner consistent with
	the reverse of the procedures described in step one of this
	self-same document, being careful to note that the rotation
	should occur in a clockwise direction, this point also being
	non-negotiable.

	The above described steps may be performed, at the option of
	the party of the first part, by any or all agents authorized
	by him, the objective being to produce the most possible
	revenue for the Partnership.


"Good health" is merely the slowest rate at which one can die.


Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


"You are old," said the youth, "as I mentioned before,
	And have grown most uncommonly fat;
Yet you turned a back-somersault in at the door --
	Pray what is the reason of that?"

"In my youth," said the sage, as he shook his grey locks,
	"I kept all my limbs very supple
By the use of this ointment -- one shilling the box --
	Allow me to sell you a couple?"
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


A Puritan is someone who is deathly afraid that someone, somewhere, is
having fun.


The thought of being President frightens me and I do not think I
want the job.
		-- Ronald Reagan in 1973

Reagan won because he ran against Jimmy Carter.  Had he run unopposed he
would have lost.
		-- Mort Sahl

Ronald Reagan is a triumph of the embalmer's art.
		-- Gore Vidal

Ronald Reagan's platform seems to be: Hey, I'm a big good-looking guy and
I need a lot of sleep.
		-- Roy G. Blount, Jr.

You've got to be careful quoting Ronald Reagan, because when you quote him
accurately it's called mudslinging.
		-- Walter Mondale


	The doctor had just finished giving the young man a thorough
physical examination.  "The best thing for you to do," the M.D. said,
"is give up drinking, give up smoking, get to bed early and stay away
from women."
	"Doc, I don't deserve the best," pleaded his patient.  "What's
second best?"


	Them Toad Suckers

How 'bout them toad suckers, ain't they clods?
Sittin' there suckin' them green toady frogs!

Suckin' them hop toads, suckin' them chunkers,
Suckin' them a leapy type, suckin' them flunkers.

Look at them toad suckers, ain't they snappy?
Suckin' them bog frogs sure make's 'em happy!

Them hugger mugger toad suckers, way down south,
Stickin' them sucky toads in they mouth!

How to be a toad sucker, no way to duck it,
Get yourself a toad, rear back, and suck it!
		-- Mason Williams


When operating the diopter adjustment knob with your eye to the view-
finder, be careful not to put your fingers or fingernails in your eye.
		-- found in the users manual of the Nikon D2x camera,
		   a camera for professional photographers


We are Microsoft.  Unix is irrelevant.
Openness is futile.  Prepare to be assimilated.


It's not hard to admit errors that are [only] cosmetically wrong.
		-- J. K. Galbraith


Aleph-null bottles of beer on the wall,
Aleph-null bottles of beer,
	You take one down, and pass it around,
Aleph-null bottles of beer on the wall.


A person who has nothing looks at all there is and wants something.
A person who has something looks at all there is and wants all the rest.


It is not every question that deserves an answer.
		-- Publilius Syrus


Norm:  Gentlemen, start your taps.
		-- Cheers, The Coach's Daughter

Coach: How's life treating you, Norm?
Norm:  Like it caught me in bed with his wife.
		-- Cheers, Any Friend of Diane's

Coach: How's life, Norm?
Norm:  Not for the squeamish, Coach.
		-- Cheers, Friends, Romans, and Accountants


Lagnaf, n.:
	Let's All Get Naked And Fuck!


Everyone is more or less mad on one point.
		-- Rudyard Kipling


Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness consists in
the ability to stick to one thing till it gets there.
		-- Josh Billings


There were the Scots
Who kept the Sabbath
And everything else they could lay their hands on.
Then there were the Welsh
Who prayed on their knees and their neighbors.
Thirdly there were the Irish
Who never knew what they wanted
But were willing to fight for it anyway.
Lastly there were the English
Who considered themselves a self-made nation
Thus relieving the Almighty of a dreadful responsibility.


Courage, n.:
	Two cannibals having oral sex.


Drakenberg's Discovery:
	If you can't seem to find your glasses,
	it's probably because you don't have them on.


After I run your program, let's make love like crazed weasels, OK?


You can have peace.  Or you can have freedom.
Don't ever count on having both at once.
		-- Lazarus Long


Given my druthers, I'd druther not.


It used to be the fun was in
The capture and kill.
In another place and time
I did it all for thrills.
		-- Lust to Love


The first half of our lives is ruined by our parents,
and the second half by our children.
		-- Clarence Darrow


Of all men's miseries, the bitterest is this:
to know so much and have control over nothing.
		-- Herodotus


try again


Some men are all right in their place -- if they only the knew the right
places!
		-- Mae West


What do you give a man who has everything?  Penicillin.
		-- Jerry Lester


What's so funny?


Once harm has been done, even a fool understands it.
		-- Homer


Work smarter, not harder, and be careful of your speling.


I'm not stupid, I'm not expendable, and I'M NOT GOING!


It [marriage] happens as with cages: the birds without despair
to get in, and those within despair of getting out.
		-- Michel Eyquem de Montaigne


The human brain is a wonderful thing.  It starts working the moment
you are born, and never stops until you stand up to speak in public.
		-- Sir George Jessel


A freelancer is one who gets paid by the word -- per piece or perhaps.
		-- Robert Benchley


The difference between like and love is the
same as the difference between a spit and a swallow.


HEY KIDS!  ANN LANDERS SAYS:
	A great way to prevent the tragedy of unwanted pregnancy is to
become a homosexual.  Every year, millions of young men and women, just
like you, are making the clean change to worry-free homosexuality.
They're having more sex than ever, and more fun than ever.  Send 50 cents
today for my leaflet "Gay sexual techniques".  Be sure to specify the
male or female edition.


I try not to break the rules but merely to test their elasticity.
		-- Bill Veeck


The most difficult years of marriage are those following the wedding.


Dear Emily:
	I'm having a serious disagreement with somebody on the net. I
tried complaints to his sysadmin, organizing mail campaigns, called for
his removal from the net and phoning his employer to get him fired.
Everybody laughed at me.  What can I do?
		-- A Concerned Citizen

Dear Concerned:
	Go to the daily papers.  Most modern reporters are top-notch computer
experts who will understand the net, and your problems, perfectly.  They
will print careful, reasoned stories without any errors at all, and surely
represent the situation properly to the public.  The public will also all
act wisely, as they are also fully cognizant of the subtle nature of net
society.
	Papers never sensationalize or distort, so be sure to point out things
like racism and sexism wherever they might exist.  Be sure as well that they
understand that all things on the net, particularly insults, are meant
literally.  Link what transpires on the net to the causes of the Holocaust, if
possible.  If regular papers won't take the story, go to a tabloid paper --
they are always interested in good stories.


You should never wear your best trousers
when you go out to fight for freedom and liberty.
		-- Henrik Ibsen


You'd like to do it instantaneously, but that's too slow.


IF A KID ASKS YOU where rain comes from, I think a cute thing to tell him
is, "God is crying."  And if he asks why God is crying, another cute thing
to tell him is, "Probably because of something you did."
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


A visit to a strange place will bring fresh work.


The church is near but the road is icy,
the bar is far away but I will walk carefully.
		-- Russian Proverb


What makes the Universe so hard to comprehend
is that there's nothing to compare it with.


Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid all together.


The future is a myth created by insurance
salesmen and high school counselors.


Kath: Can he be present at the birth of his child?
Ed: It's all any reasonable child can expect if the dad is present
	at the conception.
		-- Joe Orton, "Entertaining Mr. Sloane"


A would-be disciple came to Nasrudin's hut on the mountain-side.  Knowing
that every action of such an enlightened one is significant, the seeker
watched the teacher closely.  "Why do you blow on your hands?"  "To warm
myself in the cold."  Later, Nasrudin poured bowls of hot soup for himself
and the newcomer, and blew on his own.  "Why are you doing that, Master?"
"To cool the soup."  Unable to trust a man who uses the same process
to arrive at two different results -- hot and cold -- the disciple departed.


The goal of science is to build better mousetraps.
The goal of nature is to build better mice.


Frankly, Scarlett, I don't have a fix.
		-- Rhett Buggler


	On this morning in August when I was 13, my mother sent us out pick
tomatoes.  Back in April I'd have killed for a fresh tomato, but in August
they are no more rare or wonderful than rocks.  So I picked up one and threw
it at a crab apple tree, where it made a good *splat*, and then threw a tomato
at my brother.  He whipped one back at me.  We ducked down by the vines,
heaving tomatoes at each other.  My sister, who was a good person, said,
"You're going to get it."  She bent over and kept on picking.
	What a target!  She was 17, a girl with big hips, and bending over,
she looked like the side of a barn.
	I picked up a tomato so big it sat on the ground.  It looked like it
had sat there a week.  The underside was brown, small white worms lived in it,
and it was very juicy.  I stood up and took aim, and went into the windup,
when my mother at the kitchen window called my name in a sharp voice.  I had
to decide quickly.  I decided.
	A rotten Big Boy hitting the target is a memorable sound, like a fat
man doing a belly-flop.  With a whoop and a yell the tomatoee came after me
faster than I knew she could run, and grabbed my shirt and was about to brain
me when Mother called her name in a sharp voice.  And my sister, who was a
good person, obeyed and let go -- and burst into tears.  I guess she knew that
the pleasure of obedience is pretty thin compared with the pleasure of hearing
a rotten tomato hit someone in the rear end.
		-- Garrison Keillor, "Lake Wobegon Days"


Old age and treachery will overcome youth and skill.


The wise man seeks everything in himself;
the ignorant man tries to get everything from somebody else.


Osborn's Law:
	Variables won't; constants aren't.


America may be unique in being a country which has leapt
from barbarism to decadence without touching civilization.
		-- John O'Hara


Nondeterminism means never having to say you are wrong.


Take your Senator to lunch this week.


The primary cause of failure in electrical appliances is an expired
warranty.  Often, you can get an appliance running again simply by
changing the warranty expiration date with a 15/64-inch felt-tipped
marker.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


"I don't understand," said the scientist, "why you lemmings all rush down
to the sea and drown yourselves."

"How curious," said the lemming. "The one thing I don't understand is why
you human beings don't."
		-- James Thurber


Tom's hungry, time to eat lunch.


Hors d'oeuvres -- a ham sandwich cut into forty pieces.
		-- Jack Benny


Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
		-- Seneca


What goes up must come down.  But don't expect it to come down
where you can find it.  Murphy's Law applied to Newton's.


A fool must now and then be right by chance.


When I get real bored, I like to drive downtown and get a great parking spot,
then sit in my car and count how many people ask me if I'm leaving.
		-- Steven Wright


Blood flows down one leg and up the other.


Radicalism:
	The conservatism of tomorrow injected into the affairs of today.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


Expedience is the best teacher.


Now a Jew, in the dictionary, is one who is descended from the ancient
tribes of Judea ... but you and I know what a Jew is -- one who killed
Our Lord ... A lot of people say to me "Why did you kill Christ?"  What
can I say?  It was an accident.  It was one of those parties that got out
of hand, you know...  We killed him because he didn't want to become
a doctor, that's why we killed him.
		-- Lenny Bruce


What is a magician but a practicing theorist?
		-- Obi-Wan Kenobi


Life is a series of rude awakenings.
		-- R. V. Winkle


The perfect man is the true partner.  Not a bed partner nor a fun partner,
but a man who will shoulder burdens equally with [you] and possess that
quality of joy.
		-- Erica Jong


I can see him a'comin'
With his big boots on,
With his big thumb out,
He wants to get me.
He wants to hurt me.
He wants to bring me down.
But some time later,
When I feel a little straighter,
I'll come across a stranger
Who'll remind me of the danger,
And then.... I'll run him over.
Pretty smart on my part!
To find my way... In the dark!
		-- Phil Ochs


Any road followed to its end leads precisely nowhere.
Climb the mountain just a little to test it's a mountain.
From the top of the mountain, you cannot see the mountain.
		-- Bene Gesserit proverb, "Dune"


