Pereant, inquit, qui ante nos nostra dixerunt.
[Confound those who have said our remarks before us.]
or
[May they perish who have expressed our bright ideas before us.]
		-- Aelius Donatus


Oh don't the days seem lank and long
When all goes right and none goes wrong,
And isn't your life extremely flat
With nothing whatever to grumble at!


If clear thinking created sparks, we could safely store dynamite in James
Watt's office.
		-- Wayne Shannon


Q:	What's more fearsome than a grizzly bear with AIDS?
A:	The guy he got it from.


I gained nothing at all from Supreme Enlightenment, and for that very
reason it is called Supreme Enlightenment.
		-- Gautama Buddha


Brontosaurus Principle:
	Organizations can grow faster than their brains can manage them
in relation to their environment and to their own physiology:  when
this occurs, they are an endangered species.
		-- Thomas K. Connellan


Never let someone who says it cannot be done
interrupt the person who is doing it.


If I don't see you in the future, I'll see you in the pasture.


Bringing your mate to a convention is like taking a game warden hunting.


Hope not, lest ye be disappointed.
		-- M. Horner


QED.


Special tonight, the best toot in town at prices you won't believe!!
Also, the finest dope, brought all the way from Columbia by spirited
young adventurers.  All available tonight, as usual, in the graduate
students bullpen from 11: pm on, usual terms and conditions.
Faculty members especially welcome.


The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men
of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding.
		-- Justice Louis D. Brandeis


Truth is stranger than fiction, because fiction has to make sense.


I was part of that strange race of people aptly described as spending
their lives doing things they detest to make money they don't want to
buy things they don't need to impress people they dislike.
		-- Emile Henry Gauvreay


Welcome to the Zoo!


IT IS IN PROCESS:
	So wrapped up in red tape that the situation is almost hopeless.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(23) Evolution cannot explain creation.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Hear that...
	there's an establishment near the White House that caters to kinky
	tastes?  There's a House whip in attendance, of course?


Your boss climbed the corporate ladder, wrong by wrong.


No one born with a mouth and a need is "innocent".
		-- Greg Bear


Jogger, n.:
	An odd sort of person with a thing for pain.


Easiest Color to Solve on a Rubik's Cube:
	Black.  Simply remove all the little colored stickers on the
cube, and each of side of the cube will now be the original color of
the plastic underneath -- black.  According to the instructions, this
means the puzzle is solved.
		-- Steve Rubenstein


I give you the man who -- the man who -- uh, I forgets the man who?
		-- Beauregard Bugleboy


FEAR:
	What you feel when you see a U-Haul with Texas license plates.


He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.
		-- Lao Tsu


Do you know Montana?


They sentenced me to twenty years of boredom for trying to change the
system from within.  I'm coming now I'm coming to reward them.  First
we take Manhattan, then we take Berlin.

I'm guided by a signal in the heavens.  I'm guided by this birthmark on
my skin.  I'm guided by the beauty of our weapons.  First we take Manhattan,
then we take Berlin.

I'd really like to live beside you, baby.  I love your body and your spirit
and your clothes.  But you see that line there moving through the station?
I told you I told you I told you I was one of those.
		-- Leonard Cohen, "First We Take Manhattan"


As you will see, I told them, in no uncertain terms, to see Figure one.
		-- Dave "First Strike" Pare


It's hard to keep your shirt on when
you're getting something off your chest.


ACADEMY:
	A modern school where football is taught.
INSTITUTE:
	An archaic school where football is not taught.


A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any other invention,
with the possible exceptions of handguns and Tequila.
		-- Mitch Ratcliffe


A man's best friend is his dogma.


...before I could come to any conclusion it occurred to me that my speech
or my silence, indeed any action of mine, would be a mere futility.  What
did it matter what anyone knew or ignored?  What did it matter who was
manager?  One gets sometimes such a flash of insight. The essentials of
this affair lay deep under the surface, beyond my reach, and beyond my
power of meddling.
		-- Joseph Conrad


There are only two kinds of tequila.  Good and better.


Q:	What's the difference between a duck and an elephant?
A:	You can't get down off an elephant.


Snow White has become a camera buff.  She spends hours and hours
shooting pictures of the seven dwarfs and their antics.  Then she
mails the exposed film to a cut rate photo service.  It takes weeks
for the developed film to arrive in the mail, but that is all right
with Snow White.  She clears the table, washes the dishes and sweeps
the floor, all the while singing "Someday my prints will come."


FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #21

A:	Dr. Livingston I. Presume.
Q:	What's Dr. Presume's full name?


A baby is God's opinion that the world should go on.
		-- Carl Sandburg


Illinois isn't exactly the land that God forgot:
it's more like the land He's trying to ignore.


Eat shit and die a virgin!


Coitus is punishment for the happiness of being together.  Live as
ascetically as possible... that is the only possible way for me to
endure marriage.  But she?
		-- Franz Kafka


One person's error is another person's data.


HERE LIES LESTER MOORE
SHOT 4 TIMES WITH A .44
NO LES
NO MOORE
		-- tombstone, in Tombstone, AZ


I can't believe that out of 100,000 sperm, you were the quickest.
		-- Steven Pearl


Q:	What is the worst story Helen Keller ever read?
A:	A cheese grater.


Q:	What do you have when you have a lawyer buried up to his neck in sand?
A:	Not enough sand.


Ever wonder if taxation without representation might have been cheaper?


FreeBSD Trivia:
	Did you know that successive security officers take
control by beheading their predecessor?
		-- Robert Watson


What good is a ticket to the good life,
if you can't find the entrance?


Software production is assumed to be a line function, but it is run
like a staff function."
		-- Paul Licker


Yes, but every time I try to see things your way, I get a headache.


Anything more than three shakes is for fun.


As part of an equal opportunity project, a memo was sent to all the offices
within External Affairs asking for "A list of all employees broken down by
sex."
	One of the memos was returned with the notation: "I'm sorry: we
know of nobody in this office who fits your criteria.  We do, however,
have two alcoholics."


Why attack God?  He may be as miserable as we are.
		-- Erik Satie


Waste not fresh tears over old griefs.
		-- Euripides


Beer & Pretzels -- Breakfast of Champions.


Fine day to work off excess energy.  Steal something heavy.


The first marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence,
and the second the triumph of hope over experience.


The fashionable drawing rooms of London have always been happy to accept
outsiders -- if only on their own, albeit undemanding terms.  That is to
say, artists, so long as they are not too talented, men of humble birth,
so long as they have since amassed several million pounds, and socialists
so long as they are Tories.
		-- Christopher Booker


Some things have to be believed to be seen.


Suddenly, Professor Liebowitz realizes he has come to the seminar
without his duck ...


Every why hath a wherefore.
		-- William Shakespeare, "A Comedy of Errors"


If you want to know how old a man is, ask his brother-in-law.


Our congratulations go to a Burlington Vermont civilian employee of the
local Army National Guard base.  He recently received a substantial cash
award from our government for inventing a device for optical scanning.
His device reportedly will save the government more than $6 million a year
by replacing a more expensive helicopter maintenance tool with his own,
home-made, hand-held model.

Not surprisingly, we also have a couple of money-saving ideas that we submit
to the Pentagon free of charge:

	a. Don't kill anybody.
	b. Don't build things that do.
	c. And don't pay other people to kill anybody.

We expect annual savings to be in the billions.
		-- Sojourners


[It is] best to confuse only one issue at a time.
		-- K&R


Coincidences are spiritual puns.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


You know you've been sitting in front of your Lisp machine too long
when you go out to the junk food machine and start wondering how to
make it give you the CADR of Item H so you can get that yummie
chocolate cupcake that's stuck behind the disgusting vanilla one.


I'm sorry, but after reading this thread, I'm having a hard time
coming up with an explanation for this nonsense which doesn't involve
you being a dumbass.
		-- Bill Paul <wpaul@FreeBSD.org>


The only real advantage to punk music is that nobody can whistle it.


VMS, n.:
	The world's foremost multi-user adventure game.


Instead of thinking of spam as a disease that might be eliminated,
it is more useful to think of it like crime, war and cockroaches.
It is not realistic to expect to eliminate any of these, no matter
how much anyone might wish otherwise. Therefore the best we can
hope to accomplish is to bring spam under reasonable control...
		-- Dave Crocker


Printers do it without wrinkling the sheets.


	The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy has a few things to say on
the subject of towels.
	A towel, it says, is about the most massively useful thing an
interstellar hitchhiker can have.  Partly it has great practical value.
You can wrap it around you for warmth as you bound across the cold moons
of Jaglan Beta; you can lie on it on the brilliant marble-sanded beaches
of Santraginus V ... use it to sail a miniraft down the slow heavy River
Moth; wave your towel in emergencies, and, of course, dry yourself off
with it if it still seems to be clean enough.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


I always had a repulsive need to be something more than human.
		-- David Bowie


MOCK APPLE PIE (No Apples Needed)

  Pastry to two crust 9-inch pie	36 RITZ Crackers
2 cups water				 2 cups sugar
2 teaspoons cream of tartar		 2 tablespoons lemon juice
  Grated rind of one lemon		   Butter or margarine
  Cinnamon

Roll out bottom crust of pastry and fit into 9-inch pie plate.  Break
RITZ Crackers coarsely into pastry-lined plate.  Combine water, sugar
and cream of tartar in saucepan, boil gently for 15 minutes.  Add lemon
juice and rind.  Cool.  Pour this syrup over Crackers, dot generously
with butter or margarine and sprinkle with cinnamon.  Cover with top
crust.  Trim and flute edges together.  Cut slits in top crust to let
steam escape.  Bake in a hot oven (425 F) 30 to 35 minutes, until crust
is crisp and golden.  Serve warm.  Cut into 6 to 8 slices.
		-- Found lurking on a Ritz Crackers box


There is hardly a thing in the world that some man can
not make a little worse and sell a little cheaper.


Of all men's miseries, the bitterest is this:
to know so much and have control over nothing.
		-- Herodotus


Romeo wasn't bilked in a day.
		-- Walt Kelly, "Ten Ever-Lovin' Blue-Eyed Years With
		   Pogo"


The basic idea behind malls is that they are more convenient than
cities.  Cities contain streets, which are dangerous and crowded and
difficult to park in.  Malls, on the other hand, have parking lots,
which are also dangerous and crowded and difficult to park in, but --
here is the big difference -- in mall parking lots, THERE ARE NO
RULES.  You're allowed to do anything.  You can drive as fast as you
want in any direction you want.  I was once driving in a mall parking
lot when my car was struck by a pickup truck being driven backward by a
squat man with a tattoo that said "Charlie" on his forearm, who got out
and explained to me, in great detail, why the accident was my fault,
his reasoning being that he was violent and muscular, whereas I was
neither.  This kind of reasoning is legally valid in mall parking
lots.
		-- Dave Barry, "Christmas Shopping: A Survivor's Guide"


The feeling persists that no one can simultaneously be a respectable writer
and understand how a refrigerator works, just as no gentleman wears a brown
suit in the city.  Colleges may be to blame.  English majors are encouraged,
I know, to hate chemistry and physics, and to be proud because they are not
dull and creepy and humorless and war-oriented like the engineers across the
quad.  And our most impressive critics have commonly been such English majors,
and they are squeamish about technology to this very day.  So it is natural
for them to despise science fiction.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., "Science Fiction"


Sooner or later you must pay for your sins.  (Those who have already
paid may disregard this fortune).


I have defined the hundred per cent American as ninety-nine per
cent an idiot.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


What we see depends on mainly what we look for.
		-- John Lubbock


Teddy Kennedy:	A Blond in Every Pond!


(1)	Office employees will daily sweep the floors, dust the
	furniture, shelves, and showcases.
(2)	Each day fill lamps, clean chimneys, and trim wicks.
	Wash the windows once a week.
(3)	Each clerk will bring a bucket of water and a scuttle of
	coal for the day's business.
(4)	Make your pens carefully.  You may whittle nibs to your
	individual taste.
(5)	This office will open at 7 a.m. and close at 8 p.m. except
	on the Sabbath, on which day we will remain closed.  Each
	employee is expected to spend the Sabbath by attending
	church and contributing liberally to the cause of the Lord.
		-- "Office Worker's Guide", New England Carriage
		    Works, 1872


Mencken and Nathan's Ninth Law of The Average American:
	The quality of a champagne is judged by the amount of noise the
	cork makes when it is popped.


Buffy:	No!  You guys are gonna have a prom.  The kind of prom that
	everyone should have.  I'm going to give you all a nice, fun,
	normal evening; if I have to kill every single person on the
	face of the earth to do it!
Xander:	Yay.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Prom"
		   Season 3, Episode 20


I respect faith, but doubt is what gives you an education.
		-- Wilson Mizner


Never eat at a place called Mom's.  Never play cards with a man named Doc.
And never lie down with a woman who's got more troubles than you.
		-- Nelson Algren, "What Every Young Man Should Know"


The computer gets faster! --Moore--


Nature, to be commanded, must be obeyed.
		-- Francis Bacon


LOVE:
	Love ties in a knot in the end of the rope.


The quality of a blow-job is determined by the
length of sheet you have to pull out of your ass.


Q:	Why do women have vaginas?
A:	So when they're drunk, you can carry them like a six-pack.


	I said, "Preacher, give me strength for round 5."
	He said, "What you need is to grow up, son."
	I said, "Growin' up leads to growin' old, And then to dying, and
to me that don't sound like much fun.
		-- John Cougar, "The Authority Song"


What I want is all of the power and none of the responsibility.


We are going to give a little something, a few little years more, to
socialism, because socialism is defunct.  It dies all by itself.  The bad
thing is that socialism, being a victim of its ... Did I say socialism?
		-- Fidel Castro


Accidents cause History.

If Sigismund Unbuckle had taken a walk in 1426 and met Wat Tyler, the
Peasant's Revolt would never have happened and the motor car would not
have been invented until 2026, which would have meant that all the oil
could have been used for lamps, thus saving the electric light bulb and
the whale, and nobody would have caught Moby Dick or Billy Budd.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Science is like sex: sometimes something useful comes
out, but that is not the reason we are doing it
		-- Richard Feynman


