It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one.


You will be aided greatly by a person
whom you thought to be unimportant.


What the world *really* needs is a good Automatic Bicycle Sharpener.


Lend money to a bad debtor and he will hate you.


Linus:	I guess it's wrong always to be worrying about tomorrow.
	Maybe we should think only about today.
Charlie Brown:
	No, that's giving up.  I'm still hoping that yesterday
	will get better.


You attempt things that you do not even plan
because of your extreme stupidity.


curtation n. The enforced compression of a string in the fixed-length field
environment.
	The problem of fitting extremely variable-length strings such as names,
addresses, and item descriptions into fixed-length records is no trivial
matter.  Neglect of the subtle art of curtation has probably alienated more
people than any other aspect of data processing.  You order Mozart's "Don
Giovanni" from your record club, and they invoice you $24.95 for MOZ DONG.
The witless mapping of the sublime onto the ridiculous!  Equally puzzling is
the curtation that produces the same eight characters, THE BEST, whether you
order "The Best of Wagner", "The Best of Schubert", or "The Best of the Turds".
Similarly, wine lovers buying from computerized wineries twirl their glasses,
check their delivery notes, and inform their friends, "A rather innocent,
possibly overtruncated CAB SAUV 69 TAL."  The squeezing of fruit into 10
columns has yielded such memorable obscenities as COX OR PIP.  The examples
cited are real, and the curtational methodology which produced them is still
with us.

MOZ DONG n.
	Curtation of Don Giovanni by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Lorenzo da
Ponte, as performed by the computerized billing ensemble of the Internat'l
Preview Society, Great Neck (sic), N.Y.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


America's best buy for a quarter is a telephone call to the right person.


				FROM THE DESK OF
				Dorothy Gale

	Auntie Em:
		Hate you.
		Hate Kansas.
		Taking the dog.
			Dorothy


"Good health" is merely the slowest rate at which one can die.


Stay together, drag each other down.


Your education begins where what is called your education is over.


The seven eyes of Ningauble the Wizard floated back to his hood as he
reported to Fafhrd: "I have seen much, yet cannot explain all.  The Gray
Mouser is exactly twenty-five feet below the deepest cellar in the palace
of Gilpkerio Kistomerces.  Even though twenty-four parts in twenty-five of
him are dead, he is alive.
	Now about Lankhmar.  She's been invaded, her walls breached
everywhere and desperate fighting is going on in the streets, by a fierce
host which out-numbers Lankhamar's inhabitants by fifty to one -- and
equipped with all modern weapons.  Yet you can save the city."
	"How?" demanded Fafhrd.
	Ningauble shrugged.  "You're a hero.  You should know."
		-- Fritz Leiber, "The Swords of Lankhmar"


APPENDIX:
	A portion of a book, for which nobody yet has discovered any use.


When you speak to others for their own good it's advice;
when they speak to you for your own good it's interference.


When women kiss it always reminds one of prize fighters shaking hands.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Sententiae"


To teach is to learn.


	Approaching the gates of the monastery, Hakuin found Ken the Zen
preaching to a group of disciples.
	"Words..." Ken orated, "they are but an illusory veil obfuscating
the absolute reality of --"
	"Ken!" Hakuin interrupted. "Your fly is down!"
	Whereupon the Clear Light of Illumination exploded upon Ken, and he
vaporized.
	On the way to town, Hakuin was greeted by an itinerant monk imbued
with the spirit of the morning.
	"Ah," the monk sighed, a beatific smile wrinkling across his cheeks,
"Thou art That..."
	"Ah," Hakuin replied, pointing excitedly, "And Thou art Fat!"
	Whereupon the Clear Light of Illumination exploded upon the monk,
and he vaporized.
	Next, the Governor sought the advice of Hakuin, crying: "As our
enemies bear down upon us, how shall I, with such heartless and callow
soldiers as I am heir to, hope to withstand the impending onslaught?"
	"US?" snapped Hakuin.
	Whereupon the Clear Light of Illumination exploded upon the
Governor, and he vaporized.
	Then, a redneck went up to Hakuin and vaporized the old Master with
his shotgun.  "Ha! Beat ya' to the punchline, ya' scrawny li'l geek!"


The most important things, each person must do for himself.


Actor			Real Name

Boris Karloff		William Henry Pratt
Cary Grant		Archibald Leach
Edward G. Robinson	Emmanual Goldenburg
Gene Wilder		Gerald Silberman
John Wayne		Marion Morrison
Kirk Douglas		Issur Danielovitch
Richard Burton		Richard Jenkins, Jr.
Roy Rogers		Leonard Slye
Woody Allen		Allen Stewart Konigsberg


Far back in the mists of ancient time, in the great and glorious days of the
former Galactic Empire, life was wild, rich and largely tax free.

Mighty starships plied their way between exotic suns, seeking adventure and
reward among the furthest reaches of Galactic space.  In those days, spirits
were brave, the stakes were high, men were real men, women were real women
and small furry creatures from Alpha Centauri were real small furry creatures
from Alpha Centauri.  And all dared to brave unknown terrors, to do mighty
deeds, to boldly split infinitives that no man had split before -- and thus
was the Empire forged.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Satire is what closes Saturday night.
		-- George Kaufman


Ladies and Gentlemen, Hobos and Tramps,
Cross-eyed mosquitos and bowlegged ants,
I come before you to stand behind you
To tell you of something I know nothing about.
Next Thursday (which is good Friday),
There will be a convention held in the
Women's Club which is strictly for Men.
Admission is free, pay at the door,
Pull up a chair, and sit on the floor.
It was a summer's day in winter,
And the snow was raining fast,
As a barefoot boy with shoes on,
Stood sitting in the grass.
Oh, that bright day in the dead of night,
Two dead men got up to fight.
Three blind men to see fair play,
Forty mutes to yell "Hooray"!
Back to back, they faced each other,
Drew their swords and shot each other.
A deaf policeman heard the noise,
Came and arrested those two dead boys.


LIFE:
	Learning about people the hard way -- by being one.


		OUTCONERR
Twas FORTRAN as the doloop goes
	Did logzerneg the ifthen block
All kludgy were the function flows
	And subroutines adhoc.

Beware the runtime-bug my friend
	squrooneg, the false goto
Beware the infiniteloop
	And shun the inprectoo.


Extract from Official Sweepstakes Rules:

		NO PURCHASE REQUIRED TO CLAIM YOUR PRIZE

To claim your prize without purchase, do the following: (a) Carefully
cut out your computer-printed name and address from upper right hand
corner of the Prize Claim Form. (b) Affix computer-printed name and
address -- with glue or cellophane tape (no staples or paper clips) --
to a 3x5 inch index card.  (c) Also cut out the "No" paragraph (lower
left hand corner of Prize Claim Form) and affix it to the 3x5 card
below your address label. (d) Then print on your 3x5 card, above your
computer-printed name and address the words "CARTER & VAN PEEL
SWEEPSTAKES" (Use all capital letters.)  (e) Finally place 3x5 card
(without bending) into a plain envelope [NOTE: do NOT use the
Official Prize Claim and CVP Perfume Reply Envelope or you may be
disqualified], and mail to: CVP, Box 1320, Westbury, NY 11595.  Print
this address correctly.  Comply with above instructions carefully and
completely or you may be disqualified from receiving your prize.


Women, when they have made a sheep of a man,
always tell him that he is a lion with a will of iron.
		-- Honore de Balzac


13. ...  r-q1


My uncle was the town drunk -- and we lived in Chicago.
		-- George Gobel


Q:	Why do Scotsmen wear kilts?
A:	Because a sheep can hear the sound of a zipper from fifty feet away.
		-- Iain MacKintosh, Glasgow folksinger


QOTD:
	"I sprinkled some baking powder over a couple of potatoes, but it
	didn't work."


Crenna's Law of Political Accountability:
	If you are the first to know about something bad,
	you are going to be held responsible for acting on it,
	regardless of your formal duties.


Mistrust first impulses; they are always right.


It was wonderful to find America, but it
would have been more wonderful to miss it.
		-- Mark Twain


I learned to play guitar just to get the girls, and anyone who says they
didn't is just lyin'!
		-- Willie Nelson


A woman forgives the audacity of which
her beauty has prompted us to be guilty.
		-- LeSage


TRANSACTION CANCELED - FARECARD RETURNED


Nine out of ten men who preferred Camels have switched back to women.


I see the eigenvalue in thine eye,
I hear the tender tensor in thy sigh.
Bernoulli would have been content to die
Had he but known such _a-squared cos 2(phi)!
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


Small change can often be found under seat cushions.


Likewise, the national appetizer, brine-cured herring with raw onions,
wins few friends, Germans excepted.
		-- Darwin Porter, "Scandinavia On $50 A Day"


Computerfirm nymphomaniac, n.:
	Hot Apple pie.


THE BEATLES:
	Paul McCartney's old back-up band.


The most difficult thing in the world is to know how to do a thing and
to watch someone else do it wrong without comment.
		-- Theodore H. White


I called my parents the other night, but I forgot about the time difference.
They're still living in the fifties.
		-- Strange de Jim


The greatest griefs are those we cause ourselves.
		-- Sophocles


Bore, n.:
	A person who talks when you wish him to listen.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Educational television should be absolutely forbidden.  It can only lead
to unreasonable disappointment when your child discovers that the letters
of the alphabet do not leap up out of books and dance around with
royal-blue chickens.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


There is no hunting like the hunting of man, and those who have hunted
armed men long enough and liked it, never care for anything else thereafter.
		-- Ernest Hemingway


No self-made man ever did such a good job
that some woman didn't want to make some alterations.
		-- Kin Hubbard


If you are a police dog, where's your badge?
		-- Question James Thurber used to drive his German Shepherd
		   crazy.


Wake up all you citizens, hear your country's call,
Not to arms and violence, But peace for one and all.
Crush out hate and prejudice, fear and greed and sin,
Help bring back her dignity, restore her faith again.

Work hard for a common cause, don't let our country fall.
Make her proud and strong again, democracy for all.
Yes, make our country strong again, keep our flag unfurled.
Make our country well again, respected by the world.

Make her whole and beautiful, work from sun to sun.
Stand tall and labor side by side, because there's so much to be done.
Yes, make her whole and beautiful, united strong and free,
Wake up, all you citizens, It's up to you and me.
		-- Pansy Myers Schroeder


FEAR:
	What you feel when you see a U-Haul with Texas license plates.


The passionate young thing was having a difficult time getting across what
she wanted from her rather dense boyfriend.  Finally she asked,
	"Would you like to see where I was operated on for appendicitis?"
	"Gosh, no!" he replied.  "I hate hospitals."


Promise her anything, but give her Exxon unleaded.


Plastic...  Aluminum...  These are the inheritors of the Universe!
Flesh and Blood have had their day... and that day is past!
		-- Green Lantern Comics


Coffee without caffeine.  Beer without alcohol.  Milk without fat.
What's next?  Bridal suites with bunk beds?
		-- Orben's Current Comedy


Cynic, n.:
	One who looks through rose-colored glasses with a jaundiced
	eye.


Some of the management around here are the final proof that the Indians
fucked the buffalo.


Hackers are just a migratory life form with a tropism for computers.


It's the same old story; boy meets beer, boy drinks beer...
boy gets another beer.
		-- Cheers


If all men were brothers, would you let one marry your sister?


Never miss a good chance to shut up.


It must be admitted that we English have sex on the brain, which is a
very unfortunate place to have it.
		-- Malcolm Muggeridge


Did you hear about...
	the plastic surgeon who hung himself?


Time and tide wait for no man.


Corry's Law:
	Paper is always strongest at the perforations.


Real computer scientists admire ADA for its overwhelming aesthetic
value but they find it difficult to actually program in it, as it is
much too large to implement.  Most computer scientists don't notice
this because they are still arguing over what else to add to ADA.


TCP/IP Slang Glossary, #1:

Gong, n: Medieval term for privvy, or what passed for them in that era.
Today used whimsically to describe the aftermath of a bogon attack. Think
of our community as the Galapagos of the English language.

Vogons may read you bad poetry, but bogons make you study obsolete RFCs.
		-- Dave Mills


Who will take care of the world after you're gone?


Remember, drive defensively!  And of course, the best defense is a good
offense!


Very few profundities can be expressed in less than 80 characters.


A bachelor is an unaltared male.


INNOVATE:
	Annoy people.


The founding fathers tried to set up a judicial system where the accused
received a fair trial, not a system to insure an acquittal on technicalities.


Answer a fool according to his folly, lest he be wise in his own conceit.
		-- Proverbs 26:5


fortune: cpu time/usefulness ratio too high -- core dumped.


In the beginning was the word.
But by the time the second word was added to it,
there was trouble.
For with it came syntax ...
		-- John Simon


Foolproof Operation:
	No provision for adjustment.


I think we're all Bozos on this bus.
		-- The Firesign Theatre


Q:	What is the last thing a Kansas stripper takes off?
A:	Her bowling shoes.


We had it tough ... I had to get up at 9 o'clock at night, half an
hour before I went to bed, eat a lump of dry poison, work 29 hours down
mill, and when we came home our Dad would kill us, and dance about on
our grave singing Hallelujah ...
		-- Monty Python


In Xanadu did Kubla Khan a stately pleasure dome decree
But only if the NFL to a franchise would agree.


I had another dream the other day about music critics.  They were small
and rodent-like with padlocked ears, as if they had stepped out of a
painting by Goya.
		-- Stravinsky


Logic is a pretty flower that smells bad.


I think the Mormon prophet
Was a very funny man.
I wonder how his wives enjoyed
His Prophet Sharing Plan.


Save a forest -- eat a beaver!


Don't hit a man when he's down -- kick him; it's easier.


	This guy is taking a leak in a public men's room when a man enters
with his arms held out from his sides, bent at the elbows with his hands
dangling awkwardly, and comes over to him.
	"Would you do me a favor and unzip my fly?" he asks.
	Figuring the man to be a poor cripple, perhaps an accident victim,
the guy obliges, not without a flush of embarrassment when the man next
requests that he take out his prick and hold it in the appropriate position.
	"Shake it off" is the next instruction, then "zip me up," and the
guy follows orders, wincing at his own embarrassment and at the shame of
being so helpless.
	"Say, thanks," says the man, flouncing to the door.  "I can't do a
*thing* 'til my nails dry!"


A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any other invention,
with the possible exceptions of handguns and Tequila.
		-- Mitch Ratcliffe


The five rules of Socialism:

	1. Don't think.
	2. If you do think, don't speak.
	3. If you think and speak, don't write.
	4. If you think, speak and write, don't sign.
	5. If you think, speak, write and sign, don't be surprised.

		-- being told in Poland, 1987


The night passes quickly when you're asleep
But I'm out shufflin' for something to eat
...
Breakfast at the Egg House,
Like the waffle on the griddle,
I'm burnt around the edges,
But I'm tender in the middle.
		-- Adrian Belew


Never promise more than you can perform.
		-- Publilius Syrus


Any girl who believes that the way to a man's heart is through
his stomach is obviously setting her standards too high.


Hollerith, v.:
	What thou doest when thy phone is on the fritzeth.


If you suspect a man, don't employ him.


A truly wise woman never plays leapfrog with a unicorn.


BASIC, n.:
	A programming language.  Related to certain social diseases in
	that those who have it will not admit it in polite company.


You have an unusual understanding of
the problems of human relationships.


====================
Inter-Dwarf Memo
To: Dwarf-list
From: Happy
Re: S. White

	Let it be noted that if she whistles that goddamned song one
more time I'm gonna rip her fuckin' lips off.  Have a nice day.


Life is like an analogy.


Seleznick's Theory of Holistic Medicine:
	Ice Cream cures all ills.  Temporarily.


Don't compare floating point numbers solely for equality.


Pushing 40 is exercise enough.


Q:	How many members of the U.S.S. Enterprise does it take to change a
	light bulb?
A:	Seven.  Scotty has to report to Captain Kirk that the light bulb in
	the Engineering Section is getting dim, at which point Kirk will send
	Bones to pronounce the bulb dead (although he'll immediately claim
	that he's a doctor, not an electrician).  Scotty, after checking
	around, realizes that they have no more new light bulbs, and complains
	that he "canna" see in the dark.  Kirk will make an emergency stop at
	the next uncharted planet, Alpha Regula IV, to procure a light bulb
	from the natives, who, are friendly, but seem to be hiding something.
	Kirk, Spock, Bones, Yeoman Rand and two red shirt security officers
	beam down to the planet, where the two security officers are promptly
	killed by the natives, and the rest of the landing party is captured.
	As something begins to develop between the Captain and Yeoman Rand,
	Scotty, back in orbit, is attacked by a Klingon destroyer and must
	warp out of orbit.  Although badly outgunned, he cripples the Klingon
	and races back to the planet in order to rescue Kirk et. al. who have
	just saved the natives' from an awful fate and, as a reward, been
	given all lightbulbs they can carry.  The new bulb is then inserted
	and the Enterprise continues on its five year mission.


There are strange things done in the midnight sun
	By the men who moil for gold;
The Arctic trails have their secret tales
	That would make your blood run cold;
The Northern Lights have seen queer sights,
	But the queerest they ever did see
Was that night on the marge of Lake Lebarge
	I cremated Sam McGee.
		-- Robert W. Service


The best things in life go on sale sooner or later.


It is far better to be deceived than to be undeceived by those we love.


When you jump for joy, beware that no-one
moves the ground from beneath your feet.
		-- Stanislaw J. Lec, "Unkempt Thoughts"


Timesharing, n.:
	An access method whereby one computer abuses many people.


I have now come to the conclusion never again to think of marrying,
and for this reason: I can never be satisfied with anyone who would
be blockhead enough to have me.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


A beautiful woman is a blessing from Heaven, but a good cigar is a smoke.
		-- Kipling


Duct tape is like the force.  It has a light side,
and a dark side, and it holds the universe together.
		-- Carl Zwanzig


For every credibility gap, there is a gullibility fill.
		-- R. Clopton


It is impossible for an optimist to be pleasantly surprised.


The difference between graffiti and philosophy is the word "fuck".


Ignorance is when you don't know anything and somebody finds it out.


I tell ya, gambling never agreed with me.  Last week I went to the track
and they shot my horse with the opening gun.

Well, just last week I was at a Chinese restaurant and when I opened my
fortune cookie I found the guy's check sitting at the next table.  I said,
"Hey, buddy, I got your check", he said, "Thanks."
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


The Pig, if I am not mistaken,
Gives us ham and pork and Bacon.
Let others think his heart is big,
I think it stupid of the Pig.
		-- Ogden Nash


Mittsquinter, adj.:
	A ballplayer who looks into his glove after missing the ball,
	as if, somehow, the cause of the error lies there.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


After this was written there appeared a remarkable posthumous memoir that
throws some doubt on Millikan's leading role in these experiments.  Harvey
Fletcher (1884-1981), who was a graduate student at the University of Chicago,
at Millikan's suggestion worked on the measurement of electronic charge for
his doctoral thesis, and co-authored some of the early papers on this subject
with Millikan.  Fletcher left a manuscript with a friend with instructions
that it be published after his death; the manuscript was published in
Physics Today, June 1982, page 43.  In it, Fletcher claims that he was the
first to do the experiment with oil drops, was the first to measure charges on
single droplets, and may have been the first to suggest the use of oil.
According to Fletcher, he had expected to be co-authored with Millikan on
the crucial first article announcing the measurement of the electronic
charge, but was talked out of this by Millikan.
		-- Steven Weinberg, "The Discovery of Subatomic Particles"

Robert Millikan is generally credited with making the first really
precise measurement of the charge on an electron and was awarded the
Nobel Prize in 1923.


Man's reach must exceed his grasp, for why else the heavens?


Invest in physics -- own a piece of Dirac!


I will honour Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the
year.  I will live in the Past, the Present, and the Future.  The
Spirits of all Three shall strive within me.  I will not shut out
the lessons that they teach.  Oh, tell me that I may sponge away the
writing on this stone!
		-- Charles Dickens


Flappity, floppity, flip
The mouse on the m"obius strip;
	The strip revolved,
	The mouse dissolved
In a chronodimensional skip.


Like private parts to the Gods are we,
they play with us for their sport.
		-- Lord Melchett (Blackadder 2)


BACHELOR:
	A man who chases women and never Mrs. one.


Nothing, adj.:
	A man with an erection who walks into a wall and breaks his nose.


IBM had a PL/I,
Its syntax worse than JOSS;
And everywhere this language went,
It was a total loss.


I can't stand this proliferation of paperwork.  It's useless to fight the
forms.  You've got to kill the people producing them.
		-- Vladimir Kabaidze, general director of the Ivanovo Machine
		   Building Works (near Moscow) in a speech to the Communist
		   Party Conference


Pouring out his troubles to his best friend over a couple of triple martinis,
Brad had to confess that things weren't going too well at home.  "My wife and
I just don't hit it off at night," he was saying to Bart.  "I hate to admit
it, but I'm afraid I just don't know how to make her happy."
	"Hell, boy," said Bart, "there's really nothing to it.  Let me
give you some advice.  At bedtime, switch on a new Sinatra platter, turn
all the lights low and spray some perfume around the room.  Next, tell
your wife to get into her sheerest nightie; then make sure you raise the
bottom window."
	"Then what do I do?" asked Brad.
	"Just whistle."
	"Whistle?"
	"That's right.  I'll be waiting outside the window.  When I hear
you whistle, I'll come right up and finish the job."


It was almost closing time when a male patron who had been getting the
frosty treatment from a girl at the end of the bar called to the
bartender and said, "Give that bitchy douche bag over there one on me."
	"We discourage that sort of language here, sir," the bartender
answered sternly.
	"OK, OK. Serve the lady a cocktail with my compliments."
	The bartender approached the female in question.  "The, uh, gentleman
at the other end of the bar would like to buy you a drink, miss.  What would
you like?"
	"Vinegar and water."


	"Uncle Cosmo ... why do they call this a word processor?"
	"It's simple, Skyler ... you've seen what food processors do to
food, right?"
		-- MacNelley, "Shoe"


Male, n.:
	Life support system for a cock.


No is no negative in a woman's mouth.
		-- Sidney


From the cradle to the coffin underwear comes first.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


Banectomy, n.:
	The removal of bruises on a banana.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


As goatherd learns his trade by goat, so writer learns his trade by wrote.


New members urgently required for SUICIDE CLUB, Watford area.
		-- Monty Python's Big Red Book


You get what you pay for.
		-- Gabriel Biel


There are no answers, only cross-references.
		-- Weiner


Paprika Measure:

	2 dashes    ==  1 smidgen
	2 smidgens  ==  1 pinch
	3 pinches   ==  1 soupcon
	2 soupcons  ==  too much paprika


There are bad times just around the corner,
There are dark clouds hurtling through the sky
And it's no good whining
About a silver lining
For we know from experience that they won't roll by...
		-- Noel Coward


When the prick stands up, the brains get buried in the ground.
		-- Old Jewish saying

[How come there aren't ever any "New Jewish sayings?"  Ed.]


Useful Farsi phrases for Americans traveling to Iran:

AUTO ARRAREGH DAVATEMAN MANO SEPAHEH-HAST.
	It is exceptionally kind of you to allow me to
	travel in the trunk of your car.

FASHAL-EH TUPEHMAN NA DEGAT MANO
GOFTAM CHEESHAYEH MOHEMA RAJEBEH KESHVAREHMAN.
	If you will do me the kindness of not harming my genital
	appendages I will gladly reciprocate by betraying my
	country in public.

KHREL, JEPAHEH MANEH VA JAYEH AMRIKAHEY.
	I will tell you the names and addresses of
	many American spies traveling as reporters.


Woman was taken out of man -- not out of his head, to rule over him; nor
out of his feet, to be trampled under by him; but out of his side, to be
equal to him -- under his arm, that he might protect her, and near his heart
that he might love her.
		-- Henry


To iterate is human, to recurse, divine.
		-- Robert Heller


This is not the age of pamphleteers. It is the age of the engineers.  The
spark-gap is mightier than the pen.  Democracy will not be salvaged by men
who talk fluently, debate forcefully and quote aptly.
		-- Lancelot Hogben, Science for the Citizen, 1938


Molecule, n.:
	The ultimate, indivisible unit of matter.  It is distinguished from
	the corpuscle, also the ultimate, indivisible unit of matter, by a
	closer resemblance to the atom, also the ultimate, indivisible unit
	of matter...  The ion differs from the molecule, the corpuscle and
	the atom in that it is an ion...
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


If you can't say anything good about someone, sit right here by me.
		-- Alice Roosevelt Longworth


Genius, n.:
	A chemist who discovers a laundry additive that rhymes with
	"bright".


It is easy when we are in prosperity to give advice to the afflicted.
		-- Aeschylus


Everything new stalls because there is precedence for the old.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


If there is no God, who pops up the next Kleenex?
		-- Art Hoppe


... which reminds me of the Carrot family: Ma Carrot, Pa Carrot, and Baby
Carrot.  One fine spring day they decided to go out for a picnic.  They all
piled into their carrot-mobile and drive out to the country.  But Pa Carrot
wasn't watching where he was going and alas, he hit an oil slick and skidded
right into a tree.  Ma and Pa Carrot escaped with a few cuts and bruises, but
poor Baby Carrot got broken in two.  They frantically rushed him to the
hospital and immediately the doctors started operating in a desperate attempt
to save Baby Carrot's life.  Ma and Pa Carrot were beside themselves with
anxiety ... would poor little Baby Carrot make it?
	After hours of waiting the doctor finally emerges, bleary-eyed and
barely able to walk.
	"Is he all right, is he all right?" Pa Carrot frantically stammers.
	"Well, I have some good news and some bad news," replies the doctor.
	Ma and Pa Carrot look at each other and blurt out, nearly in unison,
"The good news first!"
	"All right, the good news is that Baby Carrot will live."
	"And the bad news?  What's the bad news about our Baby Carrot?"
The doctor puts his hand on Pa Carrot's shoulder and solemnly looks him in
the eye.  "Your son will live... but... he'll be a vegetable for the rest of
his life."


Blessed is he who has reached the point of no return and knows it,
for he shall enjoy living.
		-- W. C. Bennett


