It seems a little silly now, but this country
was founded as a protest against taxation.


For example, if \thinmskip = 3mu, this makes \thickmskip = 6mu.  But if
you also want to use \skip12 for horizontal glue, whether in math mode or
not, the amount of skipping will be in points (e.g., 6pt).  The rule is
that glue in math mode varies with the size only when it is an \mskip;
when moving between an mskip and ordinary skip, the conversion factor
1mu=1pt is always used.  The meaning of '\mskip\skip12' and
'\baselineskip=\the\thickmskip' should be clear.
		-- Donald E. Knuth, TeX 82 -- Comparison with TeX80


Q:	How can you tell when a Burroughs salesman is lying?
A:	When his lips move.


Maybe Computer Science should be in the College of Theology.
		-- R. S. Barton


When one burns one's bridges, what a very nice fire it makes.
		-- Dylan Thomas


None love the bearer of bad news.
		-- Sophocles


Avoid gunfire in the bathroom tonight.


Clark Kent is a transvestite.


Q:	How did the regular expression cross the road?
A:	^.*$


The dangerous Lego Bomb, which targets shag rugs and scatters pieces of
plastic that hurt like hell when you step on them is banned entirely....
Hiring David Copperfield to pretend to saw the missiles in half will not
be permitted...  In order to reduce risk of accidental war, both sides
agree to ban the popular but dangerous "Simon Says" training drill at
nuclear launch sites...  Under no circumstances will either side reveal
that it hammered out the treaty in one afternoon, but spent the last nine
years arguing the Monty Hall and the three doors problem.
		-- Little known provisions of the START treaty by James Lileks


Son, someday a man is going to walk up to you with a deck of cards on which
the seal is not yet broken.  And he is going to offer to bet you that he can
make the Ace of Spades jump out of the deck and squirt cider in your ears.
But son, do not bet this man, for you will end up with an ear full of cider.
		-- Sky Masterson's Father


STRATEGY:
	A comprehensive plan of inaction.


The five-alarm fire had been raging out of control for hours, pouring thick,
black smoke over the street.  At last the blaze was under control and the
fire chief began accounting for his men.  Two were missing, so he ordered
a search.  Captain Kelly finally rounded a fire truck parked in an alley
and found, to his shock, one fireman with his trousers down leaning over a
garbage can and another fireman screwing him in the ass.
	"What's the meaning of this!", the captain roared.
	"Jones here had passed out from smoke inhalation," the fireman on
top panted.
	"You're supposed to give mouth to mouth resuscitation for that!"
the captain yelled.
	"I know.  That's what started this," the fireman replied.


In these matters the only certainty is that there is nothing certain.
		-- Pliny the Elder


Coitus interruptus, n.:
	A jerky movement following the words (by either sex partner)
	"I want to have your child."


Never test for an error condition you don't know how to handle.
		-- Steinbach


Hear about...
	one penile desensitizer that's so effective that you
	have to stroke the tube for five minutes to get the cap off?


What happens to a dream deferred?
Does it dry up
Like a raisin in the sun?
Or fester like a sore --
And then run?
Does it stink like rotten meat?
Or crust and sugar over --
Like a syrupy sweet?

Maybe it just sags
Like a heavy load.

Or does it explode?
		-- Langston Hughes


How come everyone's going so slow if it's called rush hour?


It's very glamorous to raise millions of dollars, until it's time for the
venture capitalist to suck your eyeballs out.
		-- Peter Kennedy, chairman of Kraft & Kennedy


BASIC is the Computer Science equivalent of "Scientific Creationism."


You had some happiness once,
but your parents moved away, and you had to leave it behind.


The human mind treats a new idea the way the
body treats a strange protein: it rejects it.
		-- P. Medawar


This is National Non-Dairy Creamer Week.


Support your right to arm bears!!


Kime's Law for the Reward of Meekness:
	Turning the other cheek merely ensures two bruised cheeks.


