Black shiny mollies and bright colored guppies,
Shy little angels as gentle as puppies,
Swimming and diving with scarcely a swish,
They were just some of my tropical fish.

Then I got mantas that sting in the water,
Deadly piranhas that itch for a slaughter,
Savage male betas that bite with a squish,
Now I have many less tropical fish.

	If you think that
	Fish are peaceful
	That's an empty wish.
	Just dump them together
	And leave them alone,
	And soon you will have -- no fish.
		-- To My Favorite Things


Normal times may possibly be over forever.


A tall, dark stranger will have more fun than you.


I have had my television aerials removed.  It's the moral equivalent
of a prostate operation.
		-- Malcolm Muggeridge


When among apes, one must play the ape.


	A program should be light and agile, its subroutines connected like a
strings of pearls.  The spirit and intent of the program should be retained
throughout.  There should be neither too little nor too much, neither needless
loops nor useless variables, neither lack of structure nor overwhelming
rigidity.
	A program should follow the "Law of Least Astonishment."  What is this
law?  It is simply that the program should always respond to the user in the
way that astonishes him least.
	A program, no matter how complex, should act as a single unit.  The
program should be directed by the logic within rather than by outward
appearances.
	If the program fails in these requirements, it will be in a state of
disorder and confusion.  The only way to correct this is to rewrite the
program.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


You see, wire telegraph is a kind of a very, very long cat.  You pull
his tail in New York and his head is meowing in Los Angeles.  Do you
understand this?  And radio operates exactly the same way:  you send
signals here, they receive them there.  The only difference is that
there is no cat.
		-- Albert Einstein, when asked to describe radio


Real software engineers don't debug programs, they verify correctness.
This process doesn't necessarily involve execution of anything on a
computer, except perhaps a Correctness Verification Aid package.


Q:	Why did God invent booze?
A:	So ugly men could get laid too.


Jones' Second Law:
	The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone
	to blame it on.


Break into jail and claim police brutality.


What with chromodynamics and electroweak too
Our Standardized Model should please even you,
Tho' once you did say that of charm there was none
It took courage to switch as to say Earth moves not Sun.
Yet your state of the union penultimate large
Is the last known haunt of the Fractional Charge,
And as you surf in the hot tub with sourdough roll
Please ponder the passing of your sole Monopole.
Your Olympics were fun, you should bring them all back
For transsexual tennis or Anamalon Track,
But Hollywood movies remain sinfully crude
Whether seen on the telly or Remotely Viewed.
Now fasten your sunbelts, for you've done it once more,
You said it in Leipzig of the thing we adore,
That you've built an incredible crystalline sphere
Whose German attendants spread trembling and fear
Of the death of our theory by Particle Zeta
Which I'll bet is not there say your article, later.
		-- Sheldon Glashow, Physics Today, December, 1984


Gerrold's Laws of Infernal Dynamics:
	1) An object in motion will always be headed in the wrong direction.
	2) An object at rest will always be in the wrong place.
	3) The energy required to change either one of these states
	   will always be more than you wish to expend, but never so
	   much as to make the task totally impossible.


	An architect's first work is apt to be spare and clean.  He knows
he doesn't know what he's doing, so he does it carefully and with great
restraint.
	As he designs the first work, frill after frill and embellishment
after embellishment occur to him.  These get stored away to be used "next
time".  Sooner or later the first system is finished, and the architect,
with firm confidence and a demonstrated mastery of that class of systems,
is ready to build a second system.
	This second is the most dangerous system a man ever designs.  When
he does his third and later ones, his prior experiences will confirm each
other as to the general characteristics of such systems, and their differences
will identify those parts of his experience that are particular and not
generalizable.
	The general tendency is to over-design the second system, using all
the ideas and frills that were cautiously sidetracked on the first one.
The result, as Ovid says, is a "big pile".
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


Dear Lord:
	I just want *_o_n_e* one-armed manager so I never have to hear "On
the other hand", again.


You have a strong appeal for members of your own sex.


Cried Miss Pratt: "What are you staring at?
I know - you don't have to say that!
	All you guys want of me
	Is a poke where I pee,
And it's pounding my ass mighty flat!"


Whatever the missing mass of the universe is, I hope it's not
cockroaches!
		-- Mom


Q:	Why do mountain climbers rope themselves together?
A:	To prevent the sensible ones from going home.


The best number for a dinner party is two -- myself and a damn good
head waiter.
		-- Nubar Gulbenkian


Ban the bomb.  Save the world for conventional warfare.


Alcohol is like love: the first kiss is magic, the second is intimate,
the third is routine.  After that you just take the girl's clothes off.
		-- Raymond Chandler


DEFAULT:
	The hardware's, of course.


You notice that after Ginzburg admitted he had tried marijuana everyone
got in line to admit it, too.  But you also notice they all said they
"experimented" with marijuana.  The didn't "use" it; they "experimented"
with it.  Let me tell you something -- Jonas Salk "experiments"; these
guys were getting stoned!
		-- Johnny Carson


We are all so much together and yet we are all dying of loneliness.
		-- Albert Schweitzer


It doesn't much signify whom one marries, for one is sure to find out
next morning it was someone else.
		-- Rogers


Coyote love, n.:
	Coyote love is a nebulous term.  Basically, what it involves is
	the taking of a member of the preferred sex home from a singles
	bar.  Then, when you wake up the next morning, they're sleeping
	on your arm.  So, rather than wake them up as you escape, you
	chew off your arm at the shoulder.

Coyote ugly, adj.:
	When you chew off the other arm 'cause she'll be looking for
	a one-armed man!

See also proof that average instantaneous beauty increases monotonically
as alcohol consumption increases and time, t, approaches last call.


QOTD:
	"It wouldn't have been anything, even if it were gonna be a thing."


fortune: cpu time/usefulness ratio too high -- core dumped.


Political history is far too criminal a subject to be a fit thing to
teach children.
		-- W. H. Auden


Probable-Possible, my black hen,
She lays eggs in the Relative When.
She doesn't lay eggs in the Positive Now
Because she's unable to postulate How.
		-- Frederick Winsor


Television has brought back murder into the home -- where it belongs.
		-- Alfred Hitchcock


I couldn't remember when I had been so disappointed.  Except perhaps the
time I found out that M&Ms really DO melt in your hand.
		-- Peter Oakley


Last week's pet, this week's special.


A bureaucrat's idea of cleaning up his files
is to make a copy of everything before he destroys it.


	The programmers of old were mysterious and profound.  We cannot fathom
their thoughts, so all we do is describe their appearance.
	Aware, like a fox crossing the water.  Alert, like a general on the
battlefield.  Kind, like a hostess greeting her guests. Simple, like uncarved
blocks of wood.  Opaque, like black pools in darkened caves.
	Who can tell the secrets of their hearts and minds?
	The answer exists only in the Tao.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


We have not inherited the earth from our parents, we've borrowed it from
our children.


It's fabulous!  We haven't seen anything like it in the last half an hour!
		-- Macy's


Research is the best place to be: you work your buns off, and if it works
you're a hero; if it doesn't, well -- nobody else has done it yet either,
so you're still a valiant nerd.


When you live in a sick society,
just about everything you do is wrong.


Rattling around the back of my head is a disturbing image of something I
saw at the airport...  Now I'm remembering, those giant piles of computer
magazines right next to "People" and "Time" in the airport store.  Does it
bother anyone else that half the world is being told all of our hard-won
secrets of computer technology?  Remember how all the lawyers cried foul
when "How to Avoid Probate" was published?  Are they taking no-fault
insurance lying down?  No way!  But at the current rate it won't be long
before there are stacks of the "Transactions on Information Theory" at the
A&P checkout counters.  Who's going to be impressed with us electrical
engineers then?  Are we, as the saying goes, giving away the store?
		-- Robert W. Lucky, IEEE president


If the meanings of "true" and "false" were switched,
then this sentence would not be false.


You can tell the ideals of a nation by its advertisements.
		-- Norman Douglas


If I had a penis I'd wear it outside,
In cafes and car lots, with pomp and with pride.
If I had a penis I'd pamper it proper
I'd stay in the tub and use me as the stopper.
If I had a penis I'd take it to parties
Stretch it and stroke it and shove it at smarties.
I'd take it to pet shows and teach it to stay.
I'd stuff it in turkeys on Thanksgiving Day.

I'd rival my buddies in sportscars and stick shifts.
I'd shower my spire with girlies and gifts.
I'd peek around corners; I'd aim at my toilet;
I'd poke it at foreigners and soap it and oil it.
If I had a penis I'd run to my mother;
Comb out the hair and compare it to brother.
I'd lance her, I'd knight her, my hands would indulge...
Pants would seem tighter and buckle and bulge.
[Chorus]
	A penis to plunder, a penis to push
	'Cause one in the hand is worth one in the bush.
	A penis to love me, a penis to share,
	To pick up and play with when nobody's there.
		-- Uncle Bonsai, "Penis Envy"


In breeding cattle you need one bull for every twenty-five cows, unless
the cows are known sluts.
		-- Johnny Carson


It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli


So many women, and so little time!


QOTD:
	"It's hard to tell whether he has an ace up his sleeve or if
	the ace is missing from his deck altogether."


Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can read.
		-- Mark Twain


Q:	What's the Blonde's cheer?
A:	I'm blonde, I'm blonde, I'm B.L.O.N... ah, oh well..
	I'm blonde, I'm blonde, yea yea yea...

Q:	What do you call it when a blonde dies their hair brunette?
A:	Artificial intelligence.

Q:	How do you make a blonde's eyes light up?
A:	Shine a flashlight in their ear.


You can pick your friends, and you can pick your nose, but you can't
pick your friend's nose.


What a man enjoys most about a woman's clothes are his fantasies of how
she would look without them.
		-- Brendan Francis


Uppers are no longer stylish, methedrine is almost as rare as pure acid
or DMT.  "Consciousness Expansion" went out with LBJ and it is worth
noting, historically, that downers came in with Nixon.
		-- Dr. Hunter S. Thompson


Youth is when you blame all your troubles on your parents; maturity is
when you learn that everything is the fault of the younger generation.


Never try to explain computers to a layman.  It's easier to explain
sex to a virgin.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein

(Note, however, that virgins tend to know a lot about computers.)


So much food, and so little time!


Most people want either less corruption
or more of a chance to participate in it.


I'd walk a mile for a Camel, two for a hump.


Suggest you just sit there and wait till life gets easier.


Al didn't smile for forty years.  You've got to admire a man like that.
		-- from "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman"


I'm not laughing behind your back; everything funny is in front!
		-- Rodney Dangerfield's wife


Earth Destroyed by Solar Flare -- film clips at eleven.


LITTLE DEATH: (la petite mort) Some women do indeed pass right out, the
'little death' of French poetry.  Men occasionally do the same.  The
experience is not unpleasant, but it can scare an inexperienced partner
cold.  A friend of ours had this happen with the first girl he ever slept
with.  On recovery she explained, "I am awfully sorry, but I always do that."
By then he had called the police and an ambulance.  So there is no cause
for alarm, any more than over the yells, convulsions, hysterical laughter,
or sobbing, or any of the other quite unexpected reactions that go along
with complete orgasm in some people.  By contrast others simply shut their
eyes, but enjoy it no less.  Sound and fury can be a flattering testimony
to a partners skills, but a fallacious one, because they don't depend on the
intensity of feeling, nor it upon them.
		-- The Joy of Sex


A box without hinges, key, or lid,
Yet golden treasure inside is hid.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


Innocence ends when one is stripped of the delusion that one
likes oneself.
		-- Joan Didion, "On Self Respect"


An attorney was defending his client against a charge of first-degree
murder.  "Your Honor, my client is accused of stuffing his lover's
mutilated body into a suitcase and heading for the Mexican border.
Just north of Tijuana a cop spotted her hand sticking out of the
suitcase.  Now, I would like to stress that my client is *not* a
murderer.  A sloppy packer, maybe..."


A dream will always triumph over reality, once it is given the chance.
		-- Stanislaw Lem


The plural of spouse is spice.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


Living in New York City gives people real incentives
to want things that nobody else wants.
		-- Andy Warhol


This generation doesn't have emotional baggage.
We have emotional moving vans.
		-- Bruce Feirstein


Latin is a language,
As dead as can be.
First it killed the Romans,
And now it's killing me.


The worst sin towards our fellow creatures is not to hate them,
but to be indifferent to them; that's the essence of inhumanity.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


One is not superior merely because one sees the world as odious.
		-- Chateaubriand (1768-1848)


More are taken in by hope than by cunning.
		-- Vauvenargues


Women complain about sex more than men.  Their gripes fall into two
categories: (1) Not enough and (2) Too much.
		-- Ann Landers


A committee is a life form with six or more legs and no brain.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough For Love"


He's gallantry personified, in fact, his brochures ought to
read satisfaction guaranteed, or your virginity returned intact.


Love means nothing to a tennis player.


Many people are unenthusiastic about their work.


QOTD:
	"I won't say he's untruthful, but his wife has to call the
	dog for dinner."


Most men would never get laid if it weren't for the pity fuck.


If Ricky Schroder and Gary Coleman had a fight on television with
pool cues, who would win?
	1) Ricky Schroder
	2) Gary Coleman
	3) The television viewing public
		-- David Letterman


The best things in life go on sale sooner or later.


PARTY:
	A gathering where you meet people who drink
	so much you can't even remember their names.


THE MX IS GOOD FOR THE ECONOMY.  One important reason we have a Defense
Department is that when we give it money, it spends it, which creates
jobs, whereas if we left the money in the hands of civilians, we don't
know what they'd do with it.  Probably put it in open trenches and set
it on fire.  The MX will create an especially large number of jobs
because of the number of warheads it carries.  It carries a total of 10
warheads.  This creates a great deal of employment, because you have
your Warhead Makers, your Warhead Lifters, your Persons Who Tap the
Warheads Gently with Rubber Mallets to Wedge Them All Snugly Into the
Nose Cone, your Persons Who Just Walk Around Playing Soothing Cassettes
by Recording Artists such as Perry Como So We Don't Have Any More
Episodes Where a Worker Who is Experiencing Some Strain Sticks a
Warhead in the Employee Cafeteria Microwave and Sets It On Roast, etc.
We are talking about a lot of jobs.
		-- Dave Barry, "At Last, the Ultimate Deterrent Against
		   Political Fallout"


Happiness is the greatest good.


Man who falls in vat of molten optical glass makes spectacle of self.


Feature, n.:
	A surprising property of a program.  Occasionally documented.  To
	call a property a feature sometimes means the author did not
	consider that case, and the program makes an unexpected, though
	not necessarily wrong response.  See BUG.  "That's not a bug, it's
	a feature!"  A bug can be changed to a feature by documenting it.


The thrill is here, but it won't last long
You'd better have your fun before it moves along...


A woman occasionally is quite a serviceable substitute for masturbation.
It takes an abundance of imagination, to be sure.
		-- Karl Kraus, "Die Fackel"


I once met a lassie named Ruth
In a long distance telephone booth.
	Now I know the perfection
	Of an ideal connection
Even if somewhat uncouth.


I have discovered the art of deceiving diplomats.
I tell them the truth and they never believe me.
		-- Camillo Di Cavour


In fact, S. M. Simpson, eventually devised an efficient 24-point Fourier
transform, which was a precursor to the Cooley-Tukey fast Fourier transform
in 1965.  The FFT made all of Simpson's efficient autocorrelation and
spectrum programs instantly obsolete, on which he had worked half a lifetime.
		-- Proc. IEEE, Sept. 1982, p.900


We'll pivot at warp 2 and bring all tubes to bear, Mr. Sulu!


The most winning woman I ever knew was hanged for poisoning three little
children for their insurance money.
		-- Sherlock Holmes


A wizard cannot do everything; a fact most magicians are reticent to admit,
let alone discuss with prospective clients.  Still, the fact remains that
there are certain objects, and people, that are, for one reason or another,
completely immune to any direct magical spell.  It is for this group of
beings that the magician learns the subtleties of using indirect spells.
It also does no harm, in dealing with these matters, to carry a large club
near your person at all times.
		-- The Teachings of Ebenezum, Volume VIII


If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.
		-- Woody Allen


The butcher, the baker, the candlestick make her, why can't I?


Gentlemen,
	Whilst marching from Portugal to a position which commands the approach
to Madrid and the French forces, my officers have been diligently complying
with your requests which have been sent by H.M. ship from London to Lisbon and
thence by dispatch to our headquarters.
	We have enumerated our saddles, bridles, tents and tent poles, and all
manner of sundry items for which His Majesty's Government holds me accountable.
I have dispatched reports on the character, wit, and spleen of every officer.
Each item and every farthing has been accounted for, with two regrettable
exceptions for which I beg your indulgence.
	Unfortunately the sum of one shilling and ninepence remains unaccounted
for in one infantry battalion's petty cash and there has been a hideous
confusion as to the number of jars of raspberry jam issued to one cavalry
regiment during a sandstorm in western Spain.  This reprehensible carelessness
may be related to the pressure of circumstance, since we are war with France, a
fact which may come as a bit of a surprise to you gentlemen in Whitehall.
	This brings me to my present purpose, which is to request elucidation of
my instructions from His Majesty's Government so that I may better understand
why I am dragging an army over these barren plains.  I construe that perforce it
must be one of two alternative duties, as given below.  I shall pursue either
one with the best of my ability, but I cannot do both:
	1. To train an army of uniformed British clerks in Spain for the benefit
of the accountants and copy-boys in London or perchance:
	2. To see to it that the forces of Napoleon are driven out of Spain.
		-- Duke of Wellington, to the British Foreign Office,
		   London, 1812


Virtue does not always demand a heavy sacrifice --
only the willingness to make it when necessary.
		-- Frederick Dunn


It is all right to hold a conversation,
but you should let go of it now and then.
		-- Richard Armour


Sweet April showers do spring May flowers.
		-- Thomas Tusser


In a country where the sole employer is the State, opposition means death
by slow starvation.  The old principle: Who does not work shall not eat,
has been replaced by a new one: Who does not obey shall not eat.
		-- Leon Trotsky, 1937


	"Don't you think what we're doing is wrong?"
	"Of course it's wrong!  It's illegal!"
	"Well, I've never done anything illegal before."
	"... I thought you said you were an accountant."


You will feel hungry again in another hour.


Don't get suckered in by the comments -- they
can be terribly misleading.  Debug only code.
		-- Dave Storer


Mr. Rection, Mr. Hugh G. Rection, please pick up a white courtesy telephone!


Did Detroit invent the back seat to destroy the morals of America?
		-- Ed Sanders


You are farsighted, a good planner,
an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.


Q:	Do you think the idea of "one tool doing one job" has been
	abandoned? ...
A:	Those days are dead and gone and the eulogy was delivered by
	Perl.
		-- Rob Pike


Prince Absalom lay with his sister
And bundled and nibbled and kissed her,
	But the kid was so tight,
	And it was deep night --
Though he shot at the target, he missed her.


If Carter is the answer, it must have been a VERY silly question.


Man 1:	Ask me.  "What is the most important thing about telling a good
	joke?"

Man 2:	OK, what is the most impo --

Man 1:	_T_I_M_I_N_G!


Love is the delusion that one woman differs from another.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Goldfish... what stupid animals.  Even Wayne Cody stops
eating before he bursts.


Paul's Law:
	You can't fall off the floor.


There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX.
We don't believe this to be a coincidence.
		-- Jeremy S. Anderson


When you're bored with yourself, marry, and be bored with someone else.
		-- David Pryce-Jones


You will gain money by an immoral action.


The end of labor is to gain leisure.


It's useless to try to hold some people to anything they say while they're
madly in love, drunk, or running for office.


If it wasn't for Newton, we wouldn't have to eat bruised apples.


Either I'm dead or my watch has stopped.
		-- Groucho Marx' last words


There is a limit to the admiration we may hold for a man who spends
his waking hours poking the contents of chickens with a stick.
		-- Tom Robbins, "Jitterbug Perfume"


The rich get rich, and the poor get poorer.
The haves get more, the have-nots die.


I've seen, I SAY, I've seen better heads on a mug of beer.
		-- Senator Claghorn


The Wright Brothers weren't the first to fly.
They were just the first not to crash.


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #17 -- DOGO

	Developed at the Massachusetts Institute of Obedience Training, DOGO
DOGO heralds a new era of computer-literate pets.  DOGO commands include
SIT, STAY, HEEL, and ROLL OVER.  An innovative feature of DOGO is "puppy
graphics", a small cocker spaniel that occasionally leaves a deposit as
it travels across the screen.


I used to live in a house by the freeway.  When I went anywhere, I had
to be going 65 MPH by the end of my driveway.

I replaced the headlights in my car with strobe lights.  Now it looks
like I'm the only one moving.

I was pulled over for speeding today.  The officer said, "Don't you know
the speed limit is 55 miles an hour?"  And I said, "Yes, but I wasn't going
to be out that long."

I put a new engine in my car, but didn't take the old one out.  Now
my car goes 500 miles an hour.
		-- Steven Wright


There are no manifestos like cannon and musketry.
		-- The Duke of Wellington


Incest, n.:
	Sibling revelry; a sport the whole family can enjoy.


Gold coast slave ship bound for cotton fields
Sold in a market down in New Orleans
Scarred old slaver knows he's doing alright
Hear him whip the women, just around midnight

Ah, brown sugar how come you taste so good?
Ah, brown sugar just like a young girl should

Drums beating cold English blood runs hot
Lady of the house wonderin' where it's gonna stop
House boy knows that he's doing alright
You should a heard him just around midnight.
...
I bet your mama was tent show queen
And all her girlfriends were sweet sixteen
I'm no school boy but I know what I like
You should have heard me just around midnight.
		-- Rolling Stones, "Brown Sugar"


Let the people think they govern and they will be governed.
		-- William Penn, founder of Pennsylvania


Rule #7: Silence is not acquiescence.
	Contrary to what you may have heard, silence of those present is
not necessarily consent, even the reluctant variety.  They simply may
sit in stunned silence and figure ways of sabotaging the plan after they
regain their composure.


Nuclear war would really set back cable.
		-- Ted Turner


