The better part of valor is discretion.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


Come quickly, I am tasting stars!
		-- Dom Perignon, upon discovering champagne


You've got to think about tomorrow!

TOMORROW!  I haven't even prepared for *_y_e_s_t_e_r_d_a_y* yet!


You can't push on a string.


The most unsatisfactory men are those who pride themselves on their
virility and regard sex as if it were some form of athletics at which
you win cups. It is a woman's spirit and mood which a man has to
stimulate in order to make sex interesting.  The real lover is the
man who can thrill you by just touching your head or smiling into
your eyes - or just by staring into space.
		-- Marilyn Monroe


It's easier to take it apart than to put it back together.
		-- Washlesky


Coitus is punishment for the happiness of being together.  Live as
ascetically as possible... that is the only possible way for me to
endure marriage.  But she?
		-- Franz Kafka


Q:	Why is Poland just like the United States?
A:	In the United States you can't buy anything for zlotys and in
	Poland you can't either, while in the U.S. you can get whatever
	you want for dollars, just as you can in Poland.
		-- being told in Poland, 1987


I am fairly unrepentant about her poetry.  I really think that three
quarters of it is gibberish.  However, I must crush down these thoughts
otherwise the dove of peace will shit on me.
		-- Noel Coward on Edith Sitwell


They went rushing down that freeway,
Messed around and got lost.
They didn't care... they were just dying to get off,
And it was life in the fast lane.
		-- Eagles, "Life in the Fast Lane"


We have met the enemy, and he is us.
		-- Walt Kelly


Football builds self-discipline.  What else would induce
a spectator to sit out in the open in subfreezing weather?


NAPOLEON: What shall we do with this soldier, Giuseppe?  Everything he
	  says is wrong.
GIUSEPPE: Make him a general, Excellency, and then everything he says
	  will be right.
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "The Man of Destiny"


Everyone's in a high place when you're on your knees.


I knew one thing: as soon as anyone said you didn't need a gun, you'd better
take one along that worked.
		-- Raymond Chandler


Brain, v. [as in "to brain"]:
	To rebuke bluntly, but not pointedly; to dispel a source
	of error in an opponent.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


David was just a shepherd who liked to get his rocks off in leather.


Everyone in the office is welcome to join the group going to the Columbus
Theater tonight.  Meet in the lobby at 8:30.  The films are "Blue Jennifer"
and "Hot Coed Cheerleaders".


It shall be unlawful for any suspicious person to be within the
municipality.
		-- Local ordinance, Euclid Ohio


What sin has not been committed in the name of efficiency?


The two men feigned friendship but secretly hated each other's guts and took
great pleasure in giving one another the needle on any and all occasions.
This particular evening they met, quite by accident, at a popular bar.
The conversation started innocently enough; then one, with sudden inspiration,
ran his hand over the other's bald head and exclaimed,
	"By God, Fred, that feels just like my wife's ass!"
The other ran his own hand over his head and nonchalantly retorted,
	"Well, I'll be damned, Jim, so it does, so it does!"


Vitamin C deficiency is apauling.


	One night the captain of a tanker saw a light dead ahead.  He
directed his signalman to flash a signal to the light which went...
	"Change course 10 degrees South."
	The reply was quickly flashed back...
	"You change course 10 degrees North."
	The captain was a little annoyed at this reply and sent a further
message.....
	"I am a captain.  Change course 10 degrees South."
	Back came the reply...
	"I am an able-seaman.  Change course 10 degrees North."
	The captain was outraged at this reply and send a message....
"I am a 240,000 tonne tanker.  CHANGE course 10 degrees South!"
	Back came the reply...
	"I am a LIGHTHOUSE.  Change course 10 degrees North!!!!"
		-- Cruising Helmsman, "On The Right Course"


... though his invention worked superbly -- his theory was a crock of sewage
from beginning to end.
		-- Vernor Vinge, "The Peace War"


In English, every word can be verbed.  Would that it were so in our
programming languages.


Give all orders verbally.  Never write anything down
that might go into a "Pearl Harbor File".


The Great Movie Posters:

When You're Six Tons -- And They Call You Killer -- It's Hard To Make
Friends...
		-- Namu, the Killer Whale (1966)

Meet the Girls with the Thermo-Nuclear Navels!
		-- Dr. Goldfoot and the Girl Bombs (1966)

A GHASTLY TALE DRENCHED WITH GOUTS OF BLOOD SPURTING FROM THE VICTIMS
OF A CRAZED MADMAN'S LUST.
		-- A Taste of Blood (1967)


Maturity is only a short break in adolescence.
		-- Jules Feiffer


Washington, D.C: Wasting your money since 1810.


Never call a man a fool.  Borrow from him.


Buffy:	Am I repulsive?  If there was something repulsive about me, you'd
	tell me right?
Willow:	I'm your friend.  I would call you repulsive in a second.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Harsh Light of Day"
		   Season 1, Episode 3


Long ago I proposed that unsuccessful candidates for the Presidency
be quietly hanged, as a matter of public sanitation and decorum.
The sight of their grief must have a very evil effect upon the young.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "A Carnival of Buncombe"


Zisla's Law:
	If you're asked to join a parade, don't march behind the elephants.


Dr. Fritzkee's Lucky Astrology Diet

The problem with the diets of today is that most women who do achieve
that magic weight, seventy-six pounds, are still fat.  Dr. Fritzkee's
Lucky Astrology Diet is a sure-fire method of reducing with the added
luxury that you never feel hungry.

Here's how the diet works:

	FOODS ALLOWED
First Month:	One egg
Second Month:	A raisin
Third Month:	Pumpkin pie with whipped cream and chocolate sauce.

If after the third month you haven't gotten to your dream weight, try
lopping off parts of your body until those scales tip just right for you.


I used to think that the brain was the most wonderful organ in
my body.  Then I realized who was telling me this.
		-- Emo Phillips


Kinkler's First Law:
	Responsibility always exceeds authority.

Kinkler's Second Law:
	All the easy problems have been solved.


Blessed is he who has reached the point of no return and knows it,
for he shall enjoy living.
		-- W. C. Bennett


Hear about...
	the fun-loving young lady who insists she won't even consider
	marriage until she's gotten some experience under her belt?


Q:	Why did the programmer call his mother long distance?
A:	Because that was her name.


better !pout !cry
better watchout
lpr why
santa claus <north pole >town

cat /etc/passwd >list
ncheck list
ncheck list
cat list | grep naughty >nogiftlist
cat list | grep nice >giftlist
santa claus <north pole >town

who | grep sleeping
who | grep awake
who | egrep 'bad|good'
for (goodness sake) {
	be good
}


Please don't recommend me to your friends--
it's difficult enough to cope with you alone.


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #17 -- SARTRE

	Named after the late existential philosopher, SARTRE is an extremely
unstructured language.  Statements in SARTRE have no purpose; they just are.
Thus SARTRE programs are left to define their own functions.  SARTRE
programmers tend to be boring and depressed, and are no fun at parties.


First there was Dial-A-Prayer, then Dial-A-Recipe, and even Dial-A-Footballer.
But the south-east Victorian town of Sale has produced one to top them all.
Dial-A-Wombat.
	It all began early yesterday when Sale police received a telephone
call: "You won't believe this, and I'm not drunk, but there's a wombat in the
phone booth outside the town hall," the caller said.
	Not firmly convinced about the caller's claim to sobriety, members of
the constabulary drove to the scene, expecting to pick up a drunk.
	But there it was, an annoyed wombat, trapped in a telephone booth.
	The wombat, determined not to be had the better of again, threw its
bulk into the fray. It was eventually lassoed and released in a nearby scrub.
	Then the officers received another message ... another wombat in
another phone booth.
	There it was: *Another* angry wombat trapped in a telephone booth.
	The constables took the miffed marsupial into temporary custody and
released it, too, in the scrub.
	But on their way back to the station they happened to pass another
telephone booth, and -- you guessed it -- another imprisoned wombat.
	After some serious detective work, the lads in blue found a suspect,
and after questioning, released him to be charged on summons.
	Their problem ... they cannot find a law against placing wombats in
telephone booths.
		-- "Newcastle Morning Herald", NSW Australia, Aug 1980


Chicago, n.:
	Where the dead still vote ... early and often!


Perhaps, after all, America never has been discovered.
I myself would say that it had merely been detected.
		-- Oscar Wilde


There are few people more often in the wrong
than those who cannot endure to be thought so.


Cerebus:	I'd love to lick apricot brandy out of your navel.
Jaka:		Look, Cerebus -- Jaka has to tell you ... something
Cerebus:	If Cerebus had a navel, would you lick apricot brandy
		out of it?
Jaka:		Ugh!
Cerebus:	You don't like apricot brandy?
		-- Cerebus #6, "The Secret"


And he climbed with the lad up the Eiffelberg Tower.  "This," cried the Mayor,
"is your town's darkest hour!  The time for all Whos who have blood that is red
to come to the aid of their country!" he said.  "We've GOT to make noises in
greater amounts!  So, open your mouth, lad!  For every voice counts!"  Thus he
spoke as he climbed.  When they got to the top, the lad cleared his throat and
he shouted out, "YOPP!"
	And that Yopp...  That one last small, extra Yopp put it over!
Finally, at last!  From the speck on that clover their voices were heard!
They rang out clear and clean.  And they elephant smiled.  "Do you see what
I mean?" They've proved they ARE persons, no matter how small.  And their
whole world was saved by the smallest of All!"
	"How true!  Yes, how true," said the big kangaroo.  "And, from now
on, you know what I'm planning to do?  From now on, I'm going to protect
them with you!"  And the young kangaroo in her pouch said, "ME TOO!  From
the sun in the summer.  From rain when it's fall-ish, I'm going to protect
them.  No matter how small-ish!"
		-- Dr. Seuss, "Horton Hears a Who"


Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
		-- Albert Einstein


A Fortran compiler is the hobgoblin of little minis.


The Law of the Letter:
	The best way to inspire fresh thoughts is to seal the envelope.


Incest, n.:
	Sibling revelry; a sport the whole family can enjoy.


We ARE as gods and might as well get good at it.
		-- Whole Earth Catalog


The startling truth finally became apparent, and it was this: Numbers
written on restaurant checks within the confines of restaurants do not
follow the same mathematical laws as numbers written on any other pieces
of paper in any other parts of the Universe.  This single statement took
the scientific world by storm.  So many mathematical conferences got held
in such good restaurants that many of the finest minds of a generation
died of obesity and heart failure, and the science of mathematics was put
back by years.
		-- Douglas Adams, "Life, The Universe and Everything"


Even moderation ought not to be practiced to excess.


QOTD:
	"I'm not a nerd -- I'm 'socially challenged.'"


Haggis, n.:
	Haggis is a kind of stuff black pudding eaten by the Scots and
considered by them to be not only a delicacy but fit for human
consumption.  The minced heart, liver and lungs of a sheep, calf or
other animal are mixed with oatmeal, sealed and boiled in maw in the sheep's
intestinal stomach-bag and ... Excuse me a minute ...


A great empire, like a great cake, is most easily diminished at the edges.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Supervisor: Do you think you understand the basic ideas of Quantum Mechanics?
Supervisee: Ah! Well, what do we mean by "to understand" in the context of
	    Quantum Mechanics?
Supervisor: You mean "No", don't you?
Supervisee: Yes.
		-- Overheard at a supervision


You are absolute plate-glass. I see to the very back of your mind.
		-- Sherlock Holmes


Only a fool has no doubts.


While he was in New York on location for _Bronco Billy_ (1980), Clint
Eastwood agreed to a television interview.  His host, somewhat hostile,
began by defining a Clint Eastwood picture as a violent, ruthless,
lawless, and bloody piece of mayhem, and then asked Eastwood himself to
define a Clint Eastwood picture.  "To me," said Eastwood calmly, "what
a Clint Eastwood picture is, is one that I'm in."
		-- Boller and Davis, "Hollywood Anecdotes"


The founding fathers tried to set up a judicial system where the accused
received a fair trial, not a system to insure an acquittal on technicalities.


I had to hit him -- he was starting to make sense.


To get back on your feet, miss two car payments.


The wages of sin are high but you get your money's worth.


There's been no top authority saying what marijuana does to you.  I really
don't know that much about it.  I tried it once but it didn't do anything
to me.
		-- John Wayne


There is a new model of car being sold in San Francisco --
the pervertible.  The top doesn't go down, but the driver does.


Like private parts to the Gods are we,
they play with us for their sport.
		-- Lord Melchett (Blackadder 2)


Why do seagulls live near the sea?
'Cause if they lived near the bay, they'd be called baygulls.


Blessed is the man who, having nothing to say,
abstains from giving wordy evidence of the fact.
		-- George Eliot


We are all born equal... just some of us are more equal than others.


I never met a piece of chocolate I didn't like.


If he had only learnt a little less, how
infinitely better he might have taught much more!


"God is as real as I am," the old man said.  My faith was restored, for
I knew that Santa would never lie.


Shame is an improper emotion invented by
pietists to oppress the human race.
		-- Robert Preston, Toddy, "Victor/Victoria"


HOLY MACRO!


Either I'm dead or my watch has stopped.
		-- Groucho Marx' last words


Whip it, whip it good!


Ok, note to all reading this: if I ask for information and you don't
have the information available, don't bother sending me an e-mail
just to tell me that you don't have the information available. Wait
until you do have the information available, and then e-mail me. You'll
save precious time and electrons.
		-- Bill Paul


No poet or novelist wishes he was the only one who ever lived, but most of
them wish they were the only one alive, and quite a number fondly believe
their wish has been granted.
		-- W. H. Auden, "The Dyer's Hand"


Am I ranting?  I hope so.  My ranting gets raves.


Prior to this year's Rock & Roll Hall of Fame ceremony, [Cash] went to
the bathroom.  "I was standing at the urinal, and Keith Richards walked
in...  He said, 'Look at this, I'm pissing with Johnny Cash. We need a
picture of this.'  I said, 'No, Keith, we *don't* need a picture of this.'"
		-- Rolling Stone interview with Johnny Cash


Horace's best ode would not please a young woman as much
as the mediocre verses of the young man she is in love with.
		-- Moore


Reading is thinking with someone else's head instead of one's own.


I want to marry a girl just like the girl that married dear old dad.
		-- Freud


Do you suffer painful elimination?
		-- Donald E. Knuth, "Structured Programming with Gotos"

Do you suffer painful recrimination?
		-- Nancy Boxer, "Structured Programming with Come-froms"

Do you suffer painful illumination?
		-- Isaac Newton, "Optics"

Do you suffer painful hallucination?
		-- Don Juan, cited by Carlos Casteneda


When in doubt, do what the President does -- guess.


I know what you're thinking -- "Did he fire six shots or only five?"
Well, to tell you the truth, in all the excitement, I kind of lost track
myself.  But being this is a .44 Magnum, the most powerful handgun in the
world, and would blow your head clean off, you've got to ask yourself
one question: "Do I feel lucky?"  Well, do you, punk?
		-- Harry Callahan, badge #2211


Good day for overcoming obstacles.  Try a steeplechase.


What is status?
	Status is when the President calls you for your opinion.

Uh, no...
	Status is when the President calls you in to discuss a
	problem with him.

Uh, that still ain't right...
	STATUS is when you're in the Oval Office talking to the President,
	and the phone rings.  The President picks it up, listens for a
	minute, and hands it to you, saying, "It's for you."


Baseball is a skilled game.  It's America's game -- it, and high taxes.
		-- Will Rogers


	"Verily and forsooth," replied Goodgulf darkly.  "In the past year
strange and fearful wonders I have seen.  Fields sown with barley reap
crabgrass and fungus, and even small gardens reject their artichoke hearts.
There has been a hot day in December and a blue moon.  Calendars are made with
a month of Sundays and a blue-ribbon Holstein bore alive two insurance
salesmen.  The earth splits and the entrails of a goat were found tied in
square knots.  The face of the sun blackens and the skies have rained down
soggy potato chips."
	"But what do all these things mean?" gasped Frito.
	"Beats me," said Goodgulf with a shrug,
"but I thought it made good copy."
		-- Harvard Lampoon, "Bored of the Rings"


Were there no women, men might live like gods.
		-- Thomas Dekker


Try the Moo Shu Pork.  It is especially good today.


Brigands will demand your money or
your life, but a woman will demand both.
		-- Samuel Butler


There's nothing wrong with teenagers that
reasoning with them won't aggravate.


VACATION:
	A two-week binge of rest and relaxation so intense that
	it takes another 50 weeks of your restrained workaday
	life-style to recuperate.


I found out why my car was humming.  It had forgotten the words.


Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious.
		-- Oscar Wilde


For some reason a glaze passes over people's faces when you say
"Canada".  Maybe we should invade South Dakota or something.
		-- Sandra Gotlieb, wife of the Canadian ambassador to the U.S.


A conclusion is simply the place where someone got tired of thinking.


Where there is much light there is also much shadow.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


He who makes a beast of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man.
		-- Dr. Johnson


Justice, n.:
	A decision in your favor.


			Get GUMMed
			--- ------
The Gurus of Unix Meeting of Minds (GUMM) takes place Wednesday, April
1, 2076 (check THAT in your perpetual calendar program), 14 feet above
the ground directly in front of the Milpitas Gumps.  Members will grep
each other by the hand (after intro), yacc a lot, smoke filtered
chroots in pipes, chown with forks, use the wc (unless uuclean), fseek
nice zombie processes, strip, and sleep, but not, we hope, od.  Three
days will be devoted to discussion of the ramifications of whodo.  Two
seconds have been allotted for a complete rundown of all the user-
friendly features of Unix.  Seminars include "Everything You Know is
Wrong", led by Tom Kempson, "Batman or Cat:man?" led by Richie Dennis
"cc C?  Si!  Si!" led by Kerwin Bernighan, and "Document Unix, Are You
Kidding?" led by Jan Yeats.  No Reader Service No. is necessary because
all GUGUs (Gurus of Unix Group of Users) already know everything we
could tell them.
		-- Dr. Dobb's Journal, June '84


Let us go, through certain half-deserted streets,
The muttering retreats
Of restless nights in one-night cheap hotels
And sawdust restaurants with oyster-shells:
Streets that follow like a tedious argument
Of insidious intent
To lead you to an overwhelming question...
Oh, do not ask, "What is it?"
		-- T. S. Eliot, "Love song of J. Alfred Prufrock"


Somewhere on this globe, every ten seconds, there is a
woman giving birth to a child.  She must be found and stopped.
		-- Sam Levenson


Real Users find the one combination of bizarre input values that shuts
down the system for days.


Up against the net, redneck mother,
Mother who has raised your son so well;
He's seventeen and hackin' on a Macintosh,
Flaming spelling errors and raisin' hell...


Luser, n.:
	Someone who picks up a female
	hitch-hiker walking home from a date.


Remember, if it's being done correctly, here or abroad, it's
*not* the U.S. Army doing it!
		-- "Good Morning, Vietnam"


You'll feel much better once you've given up hope.


Nonsense.  Space is blue and birds fly through it.
		-- Heisenberg


Getting Cheryl to shed her apparel
Is like shooting goldfish in a barrel.
	But her genital area
	Is so vast it'll scareya,
And you venture inside at your peril.


LOVE:
	I'll let you play with my life if you'll let me play with yours.


All possibility of understanding is rooted in the ability to say no.
		-- Susan Sontag


The bogosity meter just pegged.


The human race is a race of cowards; and I am not only marching in that
procession but carrying a banner.
		-- Mark Twain


If wishes were horses, then beggars would be thieves.


One of the airlines recently introduced a special half-fare rate for wives
accompanying their husbands on business trips.  Anticipating some valuable
testimonials, the publicity department of the airline sent out letters to
all the wives of businessmen who used the special rates, asking how they
enjoyed their trip.  Responses are still pouring in asking,
	"What trip?"


QOTD:
	"What I like most about myself is that I'm so understanding
	when I mess things up."


Kin, n.:
	An affliction of the blood.


If an average person on the subway turns to you, like an ancient mariner,
and starts telling you her tale, you turn away or nod and hope she stops,
not just because you fear she might be crazy.  If she tells her tale on
camera, you might listen.  Watching strangers on television, even
responding to them from a studio audience, we're disengaged - voyeurs
collaborating with exhibitionists in rituals of sham community.  Never
have so many known so much about people for whom they cared so little.
		-- Wendy Kaminer commenting on testimonial television
		   in "I'm Dysfunctional, You're Dysfunctional".


A witty saying proves nothing.
		-- Voltaire


STANDARDS:
	The principles we use to reject other people's code.


Mr. Salter's side of the conversation was limited to expressions of assent.
When Lord Copper was right he said "Definitely, Lord Copper"; when he was
wrong, "Up to a point."
	"Let me see, what's the name of the place I mean?  Capital of Japan?
Yokohama isn't it?"
	"Up to a point, Lord Copper."
	"And Hong Kong definitely belongs to us, doesn't it?"
	"Definitely, Lord Copper."
		-- Evelyn Waugh, "Scoop"


"Well, I took your advice, Doc", said Knopp,
"And told my wife to try it on top.
	She bounced for an hour,
	Till she ran out of power,
And the kids, who'd grown bored, made us stop."


The country girl who became a city madam
has obviously gone from rags to rigids.


Excellent day for drinking heavily.
Spike the office water cooler.


Experience is not what happens to you;
it is what you do with what happens to you.
		-- Aldous Huxley


Being owned by someone used to be called
slavery -- now it's called commitment.


Going the speed of light is bad for your age.


Give a woman an inch and she'll park a car in it.


If time heals all wounds, how come the belly button stays the same?


God created woman.
And boredom did indeed cease from that moment --
but many other things ceased as well.
Woman was God's second mistake.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Try to divide your time evenly to keep others happy.


Patageometry, n.:
	The study of those mathematical properties that are invariant
under brain transplants.


Conquering the world on horseback is easy; it is dismounting and
governing that is hard.
		-- Chinggis (Genghis) Khan


Don't talk to me about naval tradition.  It's nothing but rum,
sodomy and the lash.
		-- Winston Churchill


A great empire, like a great cake, is most easily diminished at the edges.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


You're not my type.  For that matter, you're not even my species!!!


MODESTY:
	Being comfortable that others will discover your greatness.


Day of inquiry.  You will be subpoenaed.


Fond of equestrians, Mabel
Looked for true love in the stable.
	But she found the studs,
	For her were all duds,
Now she's out with the leg of a table.


	A hard-luck actor who appeared in one colossal disaster after another
finally got a break, a broken leg to be exact.  Someone pointed out that it's
the first time the poor fellow's been in the same cast for more than a week.


Successful cunnilingus, n.:
	When you wake up the next morning with a face like a
	frosted doughnut.


I went home with a waitress,
The way I always do.
How I was I to know?
She was with the Russians too.

I was gambling in Havana,
I took a little risk.
Send lawyers, guns, and money,
Dad, get me out of this.
		-- Warren Zevon, "Lawyers, Guns and Money"


In 1869 the waffle iron was invented for people who had wrinkled
waffles.


QOTD:
	"All I want is a little more than I'll ever get."


Workers of the world, arise!  You have nothing to lose but your
chairs.


We may hope that machines will eventually compete with men in all purely
intellectual fields.  But which are the best ones to start with?  Many people
think that a very abstract activity, like the playing of chess, would be
best.  It can also be maintained that it is best to provide the machine with
the best sense organs that money can buy, and then teach it to understand
and speak English.
		-- Alan M. Turing


	The FIELD GUIDE to NORTH AMERICAN MALES

SPECIES:	Cranial Males
SUBSPECIES:	The Hacker (homo computatis)
Description:
	Gangly and frail, the hacker has a high forehead and thinning hair.
	Head disproportionately large and crooked forward, complexion wan and
	sightly gray from CRT illumination.  He has heavy black-rimmed glasses
	and a look of intense concentration, which may be due to a software
	problem or to a pork-and-bean breakfast.
Feathering:
	HOMO COMPUTATIS saw a Brylcreem ad fifteen years ago and believed it.
	Consequently, crest is greased down, except for the cowlick.
Song:
	A rather plaintive "Is it up?"


Like my parents, I have never been a regular church member or churchgoer.
It doesn't seem plausible to me that there is the kind of God who watches
over human affairs, listens to prayers, and tries to guide people to follow
His precepts -- there is just too much misery and cruelty for that.  On the
other hand, I respect and envy the people who get inspiration from their
religions.
		-- Benjamin Spock


