Life is an exciting business, and most
exciting when it is lived for others.


She always believed in the old adage -- leave them while you're looking
good.
		-- Anita Loos, "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes"


H. L. Mencken's Law:
	Those who can -- do.
	Those who can't -- teach.

Martin's Extension:
	Those who cannot teach -- administrate.

		[No, those who can't teach, teach here.  Ed.]


Speaking as someone who has delved into the intricacies of PL/I, I am sure
that only Real Men could have written such a machine-hogging, cycle-grabbing,
all-encompassing monster.  Allocate an array and free the middle third?
Sure!  Why not?  Multiply a character string times a bit string and assign the
result to a float decimal?  Go ahead!  Free a controlled variable procedure
parameter and reallocate it before passing it back?  Overlay three different
types of variable on the same memory location?  Anything you say!  Write a
recursive macro?  Well, no, but Real Men use rescan.  How could a language
so obviously designed and written by Real Men not be intended for Real Man use?


But Officer, I stopped for the last one, and it was green!


I am a computer.
I am dumber than any human and smarter than any administrator.


It's a recession when your neighbor loses his job; it's a depression
when you lose yours.
		-- Harry S. Truman


I was appalled by this story of the destruction of a member of a valued
endangered species.  It's all very well to celebrate the practicality of
pigs by ennobling the porcine sibling who constructed his home out of
bricks and mortar.  But to wantonly destroy a wolf, even one with an
excessive taste for porkers, is unconscionable in these ecologically
critical times when both man and his domestic beasts continue to maraud
the earth.
		Sylvia Kamerman, "Book Reviewing"


	"Reintegration complete," ZORAC advised.  "We're back in the
universe again..."  An unusually long pause followed, "...but I don't
know which part.  We seem to have changed our position in space."  A
spherical display in the middle of the floor illuminated to show the
starfield surrounding the ship.
	"Several large, artificial constructions are approaching us,"
ZORAC announced after a short pause.  "The designs are not familiar, but
they are obviously the products of intelligence.  Implications: we have
been intercepted deliberately by a means unknown, for a purpose unknown,
and transferred to a place unknown by a form of intelligence unknown.
Apart from the unknowns, everything is obvious."
		-- James P. Hogan, "Giants Star"


If I had a penis I'd wear it outside,
In cafes and car lots, with pomp and with pride.
If I had a penis I'd pamper it proper
I'd stay in the tub and use me as the stopper.
If I had a penis I'd take it to parties
Stretch it and stroke it and shove it at smarties.
I'd take it to pet shows and teach it to stay.
I'd stuff it in turkeys on Thanksgiving Day.

I'd rival my buddies in sportscars and stick shifts.
I'd shower my spire with girlies and gifts.
I'd peek around corners; I'd aim at my toilet;
I'd poke it at foreigners and soap it and oil it.
If I had a penis I'd run to my mother;
Comb out the hair and compare it to brother.
I'd lance her, I'd knight her, my hands would indulge...
Pants would seem tighter and buckle and bulge.
[Chorus]
	A penis to plunder, a penis to push
	'Cause one in the hand is worth one in the bush.
	A penis to love me, a penis to share,
	To pick up and play with when nobody's there.
		-- Uncle Bonsai, "Penis Envy"


Stop!  There was first a game of blindman's buff.  Of course there was.
And I no more believe Topper was really blind than I believe he had eyes
in his boots.  My opinion is, that it was a done thing between him and
Scrooge's nephew; and that the Ghost of Christmas Present knew it.  The
way he went after that plump sister in the lace tucker, was an outrage
on the credulity of human nature.


Be prepared... that's the Boy Scout's solemn creed.
Be prepared... to be clean in word and deed.
Don't solicit for your sister, that's not nice,
Unless you get a good percentage of her price ...
		-- Tom Lehrer


I will make you shorter by the head.
		-- Elizabeth I


Aboard the good ship Venus,		The cabin boy, the captain's joy,
The mast it was a penis,		A cunning little nipper,
	Her figurehead				They filled his ass,
	A whore in bed,				With broken glass,
Good grief you should have seen us!	And circumcised the skipper.

The first mate's name was Higgins,	The captain's daughter Mabel,
And Higgins was a biggins,		They screwed when they were able,
	Once round the deck,			They nailed her tits,
	Twice up the mast,			Those nasty shits,
And the rest was used for riggins'!	Right to the captain's table.

The engineer's name was Carter,		The second mate's name was Andy,
And Carter was a farter,		By God, he was a dandy,
	When the wind wouldn't blow,		They broke his cock,
	And the ship couldn't go,		With chunks of rock,
Carter the farter would start her!	For conking in the brandy!


I do not believe in the creed professed by the Jewish Church, by the Roman
Church, by the Greek Church, by the Turkish Church, by the Protestant Church,
nor by any Church that I know of.  My own mind is my own Church.
		-- Thomas Paine


He dove down overweighted with lead.
Passed one hundred and flat lost his head.
	He flapped and he flailed,
	Spit his hose and he wailed,
Swallowed water and found himself dead.


The more laws and order are made prominent,
the more thieves and robbers there will be.
		-- Lao Tsu


Tomorrow will be canceled due to lack of interest.


As for Carter being for registration but against the draft, isn't that
sort of being like for putting it in and not taking it out?  Even if it
was possible not to follow through, you'd still be getting screwed.


ALASKA:
	A prelude to "No."


You know very well that whether you are on page one or page thirty depends
on whether [the press] fear you.  It is just as simple as that.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Credit ... is the only enduring testimonial to man's confidence in man.
		-- James Blish


Speed is subsittute fo accurancy.


The fact that boys are allowed to exist at all is evidence of a
remarkable Christian forbearance among men.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


A pain in the ass of major dimensions.
		-- C. A. Desoer, on the solution of non-linear circuits


Girls really do know just what they want -- you to figure it out for
yourself!


If men could get pregnant, abortion would be a sacrament.


Pecor's Health-Food Principle:
	Never eat rutabaga on any day of
	the week that has a "y" in it.


QOTD:
	"Are you into casual sex, or should I dress up?"


Only adults have difficulty with childproof caps.


The only difference between your current lover and a doorknob is
that a doorknob warms up when you hold it.


If in doubt, mumble.


The other day I... uh, no, that wasn't me.
		-- Steven Wright


Pedaeration, n.:
	The perfect body heat achieved by having one leg under the
	sheet and one hanging off the edge of the bed.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


If swimming is so good for your figure, how come whales look the
way they do?


Hell, if you don't try to remake someone,
how are they supposed to know you care?


FreeBSD Trivia:
	Did you know that successive security officers take
control by beheading their predecessor?
		-- Robert Watson


I will make you shorter by the head.
		-- Elizabeth I


My girlfriend and I sure had a good time at the beach last summer.  First
she'd bury me in the sand, then I'd bury her.  This summer I'm going to go
back and dig her up.


f u cn rd ths, u r prbbly a lsy spllr.


Why did the Roman Empire collapse?  What is the Latin for office
automation?


Hear about...
	the sultan who had ten wives, nine of them had it soft.


	"Hello, Mrs. Premise!"
	"Oh, hello, Mrs. Conclusion!  Busy day?"
	"Busy? I just spent four hours burying the cat."
	"Four hours to bury a cat!?"
	"Yes, he wouldn't keep still: wrigglin' about, 'owlin'..."
	"Oh, it's not dead then."
	"Oh no, no, but it's not at all a well cat, and as we're
goin' away for a fortnight I thought I'd better bury it just to be
on the safe side."
	"Quite right.  You don't want to come back from Sorrento
to a dead cat, do you?"
		-- Monty Python


Where there are visible vapors, having their prevenance
in ignited carbonaceous materials, there is conflagration.


I am so optimistic about beef prices that I've just leased a pot roast
with an option to buy.


Etiquette is for those with no breeding;
fashion for those with no taste.


Although it is still a truism in industry that "no one was ever fired for
buying IBM," Bill O'Neil, the chief technology officer at Drexel Burnham
Lambert, says he knows for a fact that someone has been fired for just that
reason.  He knows it because he fired the guy.
	"He made a bad decision, and what it came down to was, 'Well, I
bought it because I figured it was safe to buy IBM,'"  Mr. O'Neil says.
"I said, 'No.  Wrong.  Game over.  Next contestant, please.'"
		-- The Wall Street Journal, December 6, 1989


Dr. Jekyll had something to Hyde.


In the eyes of my dog, I'm a man.
		-- Martin Mull


Chaste makes waste.


MSDOS is not dead, it just smells that way.
		-- Henry Spencer


Beat your son every day; you may not know why, but he will.


IBM Advanced Systems Group -- a bunch of mindless jerks,
who'll be first against the wall when the revolution comes...
		-- with regrets to Douglas Adams


	An old Jewish man reads about Einstein's theory of relativity
in the newspaper and asks his scientist grandson to explain it to him.
	"Well, zayda, it's sort of like this.  Einstein says that if
you're having your teeth drilled without Novocain, a minute seems like
an hour.  But if you're sitting with a beautiful woman on your lap, an
hour seems like a minute."
	The old man considers this profound bit of thinking for a
moment and says, "And from this he makes a living?"
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


Most people in this society who aren't actively mad are,
at best, reformed or potential lunatics.
		-- Susan Sontag


It was kinda like stuffing the wrong card in a computer,
when you're stickin' those artificial stimulants in your arm.
		-- Dion, noted computer scientist


You will be awarded some great honor.


Nice guys don't finish nice.


	The Lord and I are in a sheep-shepherd relationship, and I am in
a position of negative need.
	He prostrates me in a green-belt grazing area.
	He conducts me directionally parallel to non-torrential aqueous
liquid.
	He returns to original satisfaction levels my psychological makeup.
	He switches me on to a positive behavioral format for maximal
prestige of His identity.
	It should indeed be said that notwithstanding the fact that I make
ambulatory progress through the umbrageous inter-hill mortality slot, terror
sensations will no be initiated in me, due to para-etical phenomena.
	Your pastoral walking aid and quadrupic pickup unit introduce me
into a pleasurific mood state.
	You design and produce a nutriment-bearing furniture-type structure
in the context of non-cooperative elements.
	You act out a head-related folk ritual employing vegetable extract.
	My beverage utensil experiences a volume crisis.
	It is an ongoing deductible fact that your inter-relational
empathetical and non-ventious capabilities will retain me as their
target-focus for the duration of my non-death period, and I will possess
tenant rights in the housing unit of the Lord on a permanent, open-ended
time basis.


SWEATER:
	A garment worn by a child when their mother feels chilly.


Nostalgia is living life in the past lane.


Cohen's Law:
	There is no bottom to worse.


Lucky is he for whom the belle toils.


QOTD:
	"I'm not really for apathy, but I'm not against it either..."


Opinions are like assholes -- everyone's got one, but nobody wants to
look at the other guy's.
		-- Hal Hickman


Minnesota --
	home of the blonde hair and blue ears.
	mosquito supplier to the free world.
	come fall in love with a loon.
	where visitors turn blue with envy.
	one day it's warm, the rest of the year it's cold.
	land of many cultures -- mostly throat.
	where the elite meet sleet.
	glove it or leave it.
	many are cold, but few are frozen.
	land of the ski and home of the crazed.
	land of 10,000 Petersons.


A man who fishes for marlin in ponds
will put his money in Etruscan bonds.


Don't despair; your ideal lover is waiting for you around the corner.


"My code is elegant", "Your code is sneaky", "His code is an ugly hack"
		-- Colin Percival on irregular verbs


Little Mary on the ice,
Went out to have a frisk,
Now wasn't little Mary nice,
Her pretty *?


Senor Castro has been accused of communist sympathies, but this means very
little since all opponents of the regime are automatically called communists.
In fact he is further to the right than General Batista.
		-- "Cuba's Rightist Rebel", The Economist, April 26, 1958


Missionary Position:
	The missionary on top.


An economist is a man who would marry
Farrah Fawcett-Majors for her money.


You are deeply attached to your friends and acquaintances.


This is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
And now you know why.


If people say that here and there someone has been taken away and maltreated,
I can only reply: You can't make an omelette without breaking eggs.
		-- Hermann Goering


And prively he caughte hire by the queynte,
And heeld hire harde by the haunche-bones.
		-- Geoffrey Chaucer, "The Miller's Tale"


You know you are getting old when you think you should drive the speed limit.
		-- E. A. Gilliam


Almost anything derogatory you could say
about today's software design would be accurate.
		-- K. E. Iverson


Your own qualities will help prevent your advancement in the world.


Unbearably lovely music is heard as the curtain rises, and we see the
woods on a summer afternoon.  A fawn dances on and nibbles at some
leaves.  He drifts lazily through the soft foliage.  Soon he starts
coughing and drops dead.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


Any woman is a volume if one knows how to read her.


Age and treachery will always overcome youth and skill.


Naeser's Law:
	You can make it foolproof, but you can't make it damnfoolproof.


A pain in the ass of major dimensions.
		-- C. A. Desoer, on the solution of non-linear circuits


Kissing your hand may make you feel very good, but a diamond and
sapphire bracelet lasts for ever.
		-- Anita Loos, "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes"


A long-forgotten loved one will appear soon.
Buy the negatives at any price.


There's nothing wrong with teenagers that
reasoning with them won't aggravate.


If your happiness depends on what somebody else does,
I guess you do have a problem.
		-- Richard Bach, "Illusions"


F:	When into a room I plunge, I
	Sometimes find some VIOLET FUNGI.
	Then I linger, darkly brooding
	On the poison they're exuding.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC


This sentence no verb.


A young man wrote to Mozart and said:

Q: "Herr Mozart, I am thinking of writing symphonies. Can you give me any
   suggestions as to how to get started?"
A: "A symphony is a very complex musical form, perhaps you should begin with
   some simple lieder and work your way up to a symphony."
Q: "But Herr Mozart, you were writing symphonies when you were 8 years old."
A: "But I never asked anybody how."


One learns to itch where one can scratch.
		-- Ernest Bramah


A few hours grace before the madness begins again.


What do you give a man who has everything?  Penicillin.
		-- Jerry Lester


When some people decide it's time for everyone to make
big changes, it means that they want you to change first.


Callgirl, n.:
	A negotiable blond.


Disclaimer: "These opinions are my own, though for a small fee they be
yours too."
		-- Dave Haynie


10. Not everybody looks good naked.
 9. Joe Garagiola was a hell of an emcee.
 8. Joe Cocker really should stick with decaffeinated coffee.
 7. Fringe!  Fringe!  Fringe!
 6. If you've got 72 hours to kill, you can probably find room for Sha Na Na.
 5. Never attend an event with a 50,000 to 1 person to Port-A-San ratio.
 4. Bellbottoms will never go out of style.
 3. A drum solo cannot be too long.
 2. I, David Letterman, will never rent out my farm again.
 1. We are stardust.  We are golden.  We are going to look really stupid to
	future generations.
		-- David Letterman, "Top Ten Lessons of Woodstock"


COLORADO:
	Where they don't buy M & M's, 'cause they're so hard to peel.


We're fantastically incredibly sorry for all these extremely unreasonable
things we did.  I can only plead that my simple, barely-sentient friend
and myself are underprivileged, deprived and also college students.
		-- Waldo D. R. Dobbs


IF A KID ASKS YOU where rain comes from, I think a cute thing to tell him
is, "God is crying."  And if he asks why God is crying, another cute thing
to tell him is, "Probably because of something you did."
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


To believe your own thought, to believe that what is true for
you in your private heart is true for all men -- that is genius.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Look at it this way:
Your daughter just named the fresh turkey you brought
home "Cuddles", so you're going out to buy a canned ham.
And you're still drinking ordinary scotch?


If you wish to succeed, consult three old people.


There is no education that is not political.  An apolitical
education is also political because it is purposely isolating.


I went to the museum where they had all the heads and arms from the
statues that are in all the other museums.
		-- Steven Wright


	"Do you think there's a God?"
	"Well, SOMEbody's out to get me!"
		-- Calvin and Hobbs


Imagine there's no heaven... it's easy if you try.
		-- John Lennon, "Imagine"


While away at a convention, an executive happened to meet a young woman who
was pretty, chic, and intelligent.  When he persuaded her to disrobe in his
hotel room, he found out she had a superb body as well.  Unfortunately, as
will happen, the executive sadly found himself unable to perform.
	On his first night home, the executive padded naked from the shower
into the bedroom to find his wife swathed in a rumpled bathrobe, her hair
curled, her face creamed, munching candy loudly as she pored through a movie
magazine.  And then, without warning, he felt the onset of a magnificent
erection.
	Looking down at his throbbing member, he snarled, "Why you ungrateful,
mixed-up, son-of-a-bitch!  Now I know why they call you a prick!"


It is equally bad when one speeds on the guest unwilling to go, and when he
holds back one who is hastening.  Rather one should befriend the guest who
is there, but speed him when he wishes.
		-- Homer, "The Odyssey"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to scheduling.]


Little Miss Muffet,
Sat on her tuffet,
Smoking some THC.
Along came a narc'er who sat down beside her
And said, "So... what's in the bag, bitch?!"


When I first arrived in this country I had only fifteen cents in my pocket
and a willingness to compromise.
		-- Weber cartoon caption


Bad men live that they may eat and drink,
whereas good men eat and drink that they may live.
		-- Socrates


Gross, adj.:
	When your bloody mary still has the string in it.


A blind rabbit was hopping through the woods, tripping over logs and crashing
into trees.  At the same time, a blind snake was slithering through the same
forest, with identical results.  They chanced to collide head-on in a clearing.
	"Please excuse me, sir, I'm blind and I bumped into you accidentally,"
apologized the rabbit.
	"That's quite all right," replied the snake, "I have the same
problem!"
	"All my life I've been wondering what I am," said the rabbit, "Do
you think you could help me find out?"
	"I'll try," said the snake.  He gently coiled himself around the
rabbit. "Well, you're covered with soft fur, you have a little fluffy tail
and long ears.  You're... hmmm... you're probably a bunny rabbit!"
	"Great!" said the rabbit.  "Thanks, I really owe you one!"
	"Well," replied the snake, "I don't know what I am, either.  Do you
suppose you could try and tell me?"
	The rabbit ran his paws all over the snake.  "Well, you're low, cold
and slimey..."  And, as he ran one paw underneath the snake, "and you have
no balls.  You must be an attorney!"


I don't discriminate on the basis of sex.
		-- Bisexuality, 101
		[An equal opportunity lover?  Ed.]


	A Scotsman was strolling across High Street one day wearing his kilt.
As he neared the far curb, he noticed two young blondes in a red convertible
eyeing him and giggling.  One of them called out, "Hey, Scotty!  What's worn
under the kilt?"
	He strolled over to the side of the car and asked, "Ach, lass, are you
SURE you want to know?"  Somewhat nervously, the blonde replied yes, she did
really want to know.
	The Scotsman leaned closer and confided, "Why, lass, nothing's worn
under the kilt, everything's in perfect workin' order!"


We found on St. Paul's only two kinds of birds -- the booby and the noddy...
Both are of a tame and stupid disposition, and are so unaccustomed to
visitors, that I could have killed any number of them with my geological
hammer.
		-- Charles Darwin


System checkpoint complete.


Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm.
		-- Publilius Syrus


Never insult an alligator until you've crossed the river.


It'll be just like Beggars Canyon back home.
		-- Luke Skywalker


Passion is that funny feeling that drives a man to
bite a woman's neck because she has beautiful legs.


	Harry, a golfing enthusiast if there ever was one, arrived home
from the club to an irate, ranting wife.
	"I'm leaving you, Harry," his wife announced bitterly.  "You
promised me faithfully that you'd be back before six and here it is almost
nine.  It just can't take that long to play 18 holes of golf."
	"Honey, wait," said Harry.  "Let me explain.  I know what I promised
you, but I have a very good reason for being late.  Fred and I tee'd off
right on time and everything was fine for the first three holes.  Then, on
the fourth tee Fred had a stroke.  I ran back to the clubhouse but couldn't
find a doctor.  And, by the time I got back to Fred, he was dead.  So, for
the next 15 holes, it was hit the ball, drag Fred, hit the ball, drag Fred...


Wiker's Law:
	Government expands to absorb all
	available revenue and then some.


I was in Vegas last week. I was at the roulette table, having a
lengthy argument about what I considered an Odd number.
		-- Steven Wright


About all some men accomplish in life is to send a son to Harvard.


"Good health" is merely the slowest rate at which one can die.


Boy, I sure wish that I could be in the
'Advanced Systems Development' group!


Two men came before Nasrudin when he was magistrate.  The first man said,
"This man has bitten my ear -- I demand compensation."  The second man said,
"He bit it himself."  Nasrudin withdrew to his chambers, and spent an hour
trying to bite his own ear.  He succeeded only in falling over and bruising
his forehead.  Returning to the courtroom, Nasrudin pronounced, "Examine
the man whose ear was bitten.  If his forehead is bruised, he did it himself
and the case is dismissed.  If his forehead is not bruised, the other man
did it and must pay three silver pieces."


If you perceive that there are four possible ways in which a procedure
can go wrong, and circumvent these, then a fifth way will promptly
develop.


How much of their influence on you is a result of your influence on them?


NOTICE:
	Anyone seen smoking will be assumed to be on fire and will
	be summarily put out.


It has long been noticed that juries are pitiless for robbery and full of
indulgence for infanticide.  A question of interest, my dear Sir!  The jury
is afraid of being robbed and has passed the age when it could be a victim
of infanticide.
		-- Edmond About


Does a one-legged duck swim in a circle?


If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.


Pediddel, n.:
	A car with only one working headlight.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


May all your Emus lay soft boiled eggs, and may all your
Kangaroos be born with iPods already fitted.
		-- Aussie New Years wish, found on hasselbladinfo.com


