There is no realizable power that man cannot, in time, fashion the
tools to attain, nor any power so secure that the naked ape will not
abuse it.  So it is written in the genetic cards -- only physics and
war hold him in check.  And also the wife who wants him home by five,
of course.
		-- Encyclopedia Apocryphia, 1990 ed.


There are no data that cannot be plotted on a straight line if the axes
are chosen correctly.


A male gynecologist is like an auto mechanic who has never owned a car.
		-- Carrie Snow


Hang gliders come down very slowly.


Eat shit and die a virgin!


Lions in the street and roaming,
Dogs in heat, rabid, foaming,
A beast caged in the heart of the city.
The body of his mother lying in the summer ground,
He fled the town.
Went down south across the border,
Left the chaos and disorder
Back there, over his shoulder.
One morning he awoke in a green hotel,
A strange creature groaning beside him.
Sweat oozed from its shiny skin.
Is everybody in?  The ceremony is about to begin.
		-- Jim Morrison, "Celebration of the Lizard"


No one gets too old to learn a new way of being stupid.


Some circumstantial evidence is very strong,
as when you find a trout in the milk.
		-- Thoreau


One monk said to the other, "The fish has flopped out of the net! How
will it live?"  The other said, "When you have gotten out of the net,
I'll tell you."


A man rushed into a bar and breathlessly asked the bartender to pour him
three straight scotches.  The bartender complied, and watched as he downed
them one after another.
	"Why three scotches?" the bartender asked as he paused for breath.
	"Well, to be honest, I'm celebrating my first blow-job."
	"Hell, congratulations, the next one's on me."
	"No, thanks," the young man replied, "if the first three didn't get
the taste out of my mouth, I don't think another one will."


A blind rabbit was hopping through the woods, tripping over logs and crashing
into trees.  At the same time, a blind snake was slithering through the same
forest, with identical results.  They chanced to collide head-on in a clearing.
	"Please excuse me, sir, I'm blind and I bumped into you accidentally,"
apologized the rabbit.
	"That's quite all right," replied the snake, "I have the same
problem!"
	"All my life I've been wondering what I am," said the rabbit, "Do
you think you could help me find out?"
	"I'll try," said the snake.  He gently coiled himself around the
rabbit. "Well, you're covered with soft fur, you have a little fluffy tail
and long ears.  You're... hmmm... you're probably a bunny rabbit!"
	"Great!" said the rabbit.  "Thanks, I really owe you one!"
	"Well," replied the snake, "I don't know what I am, either.  Do you
suppose you could try and tell me?"
	The rabbit ran his paws all over the snake.  "Well, you're low, cold
and slimey..."  And, as he ran one paw underneath the snake, "and you have
no balls.  You must be an attorney!"


Old programmers never die, they just branch to a new address.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(9) Americans opposing America is not always sacred nor courageous ...
    it is sometimes dangerous.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Woman is: finally screwing and your groin and buttocks and thighs ache like
hell and you're all wet and maybe bloody and it wasn't like a Hollywood
movie at all but Jesus at least you're not a virgin any more but is this
what it's all about?  And meanwhile, he's asking "Did you come?"
		-- Robin Morgan, "Sisterhood Is Powerful"


667 -- The neighbor of the beast.


Ed Sullivan will be around as long as someone else has talent.
		-- Fred Allen


You'll never see all the places, or read all the
books, but fortunately, they're not all recommended.


Q:	How many WASPs does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	One.


Reach into the thoughts of friends,
And find they do not know your name.
Squeeze the teddy bear too tight,
And watch the feathers burst the seams.
Touch the stained glass with your cheek,
And feel its chill upon your blood.
Hold a candle to the night,
And see the darkness bend the flame.
Tear the mask of peace from God,
And hear the roar of souls in hell.
Pluck a rose in name of love,
And watch the petals curl and wilt.
Lean upon the western wind,
And know you are alone.
		-- Dru Mims


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #14
	According to Kentucky state law, every person must take a bath
at least once a year.


If everything seems to be going well,
you have obviously overlooked something.


Women are wiser than men because they know less and understand more.
		-- Stephens


No one gets sick on Wednesdays.


Paranoids are people, too; they have their own problems.  It's easy
to criticize, but if everybody hated you, you'd be paranoid too.
		-- D. J. Hicks


Truth is free, but information costs.


***** Special AI Seminar (abstract)

It has been widely recognized that AI programs require expert knowledge
in order to perform well in complex domains.  But knowledge alone is not
sufficient for some applications; wisdom is needed as well.  Accordingly,
we have developed a new approach to artificial intelligence which we call
"wisdom engineering".  As a test of our ideas, we have written IMMANUEL, a
wisdom based system for the task domain of western philosophical thought.
IMMANUEL was supplied initially with 200 wisdom units which contained wisdom
about such elementary concepts as mind, matter, being, nothingness, and so
forth.  IMMANUEL was then allowed to run freely, guided by the heuristic
rules contained in its heterarchically organized meta wisdom base.  IMMANUEL
succeeded in rediscovering most of the important philosophical ideas developed
in western culture over the course of the last 25 centuries, including those
underlying Plato's theory of government, Kant's metaphysics, Nietzsche's theory
of value, and Husserl's phenomenology.  In this seminar, we will describe
IMMANUEL's achievements and internal architecture.  We will also briefly
discuss our recent efforts to apply wisdom engineering to oil exploration.


Why, when no honest man will deny in private that every ultimate problem is
wrapped in the profoundest mystery, do honest men proclaim in pulpits that
unhesitating certainty is the duty of the most foolish and ignorant?  Is it
not a spectacle to make the angels laugh?  We are a company of ignorant
beings, feeling our way through mists and darkness, learning only be
incessantly repeated blunders, obtaining a glimmering of truth by falling
into every conceivable error, dimly discerning light enough for our daily
needs, but hopelessly differing whenever we attempt to describe the ultimate
origin or end of our paths; and yet, when one of us ventures to declare that
we don't know the map of the universe as well as the map of our infinitesimal
parish, he is hooted, reviled, and perhaps told that he will be damned to all
eternity for his faithlessness.
		-- Leslie Stephen, "An Agnostic's Apology",
		   Fortnightly Review, 1876


Rembrandt is not to be compared in the painting of character with our
extraordinarily gifted English artist, Mr. Rippingille.
		-- John Hunt, British editor, scholar and art critic
		   Cerf/Navasky, "The Experts Speak"


I have a map of the United States.  It's actual size.
I spent last summer folding it.
People ask me where I live, and I say, "E6".
		-- Steven Wright


A woman can never be too rich or too thin.


They have been at a great feast of languages, and stolen the scraps.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #13 -- SLOBOL

	SLOBOL is best known for the speed, or lack of it, of its compiler.
Although many compilers allow you to take a coffee break while they compile,
SLOBOL compilers allow you to travel to Bolivia to pick the beans.  Forty-
three programmers are known to have died of boredom sitting at their terminals
while waiting for a SLOBOL program to compile.  Weary SLOBOL programmers
often turn to a related (but infinitely faster) language, COCAINE.


	A pushy romeo asked a gorgeous elevator operator, "Don't all
these stops and starts get you pretty worn out?"
	"It isn't the stops and starts that get on my nerves, it's the
jerks."


Jack be nimble, Jack be quick,
Jack jumped over the candle stick.
But Jack wasn't so nimble,
Jack wasn't so quick,
So Jack's in the hospital, with a burned up dick!


I consider the day misspent that I am not
either charged with a crime, or arrested for one.
		-- "Ratsy" Tourbillon


The church is near but the road is icy,
the bar is far away but I will walk carefully.
		-- Russian Proverb


	A manager went to his programmers and told them: "As regards to your
work hours: you are going to have to come in at nine in the morning and leave
at five in the afternoon."  At this, all of them became angry and several
resigned on the spot.
	So the manager said: "All right, in that case you may set your own
working hours, as long as you finish your projects on schedule."  The
programmers, now satisfied, began to come in a noon and work to the wee
hours of the morning.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Take a look around you, tell me what you see,
A girl who thinks she's ordinary lookin' she has got the key.
If you can get close enough to look into her eyes
There's something special right behind the bitterness she hides.
	And you're fair game,
	You never know what she'll decide, you're fair game,
	Just relax, enjoy the ride.
Find a way to reach her, make yourself a fool,
But do it with a little class, disregard the rules.
'Cause this one knows the bottom line, couldn't get a date.
The ugly duckling striking back, and she'll decide her fate.
	(chorus)
The ones you never notice are the ones you have to watch.
She's pleasant and she's friendly while she's looking at your crotch.
Try your hand at conversation, gossip is a lie,
And sure enough she'll take you home and make you wanna die.
	(chorus)
		-- Crosby, Stills, Nash, "Fair Game"


It takes leather balls to play rugby.
	(Blood makes the grass grow!)


And on the seventh day, He exited from append mode.


Life is a series of rude awakenings.
		-- R. V. Winkle


This generation doesn't have emotional baggage.
We have emotional moving vans.
		-- Bruce Feirstein


Inglish Spocken Hier: some mangled translations

	Various signs in Poland:

		Right turn toward immediate outside.

		Go soothingly in the snow, as there lurk the ski demons.

		Five o'clock tea at all hours.

	In a men's washroom in Sidney:

		Shake excess water from hands, push button to start,
		rub hands rapidly under air outlet and wipe hands
		on front of shirt.

		-- Colin Bowles, San Francisco Chronicle


I steal.
		-- Sam Giancana, explaining his livelihood to his draft board

Easy.  I own Chicago.  I own Miami.  I own Las Vegas.
		-- Sam Giancana, when asked what he did for a living


After an evening at the theatre and several nightcaps at an intimate little
bistro, the young man whispered to his date, "How do you feel about making
love to men?"
	"That's MY business," she snapped.
	"Ah," he said.  "A professional."


You want to know why I kept getting promoted?
Because my mouth knows more than my brain.
		-- W. G.


Here comes the orator, with his flood of words and his drop of reason.


I wouldn't mind dying -- it's that business of having to stay dead that
scares the shit out of me.
		-- R. Geis


It is easier to be a "humanitarian" than to render your own country its
proper due; it is easier to be a "patriot" than to make your community a
better place to live in; it is easier to be a "civic leader" than to treat
your own family with loving understanding; for the smaller the focus of
attention, the harder the task.
		-- Sydney J. Harris


Love -- the last of the serious diseases of childhood.


Antonio Antonio
Was tired of living alonio
He thought he would woo			Antonio Antonio
Miss Lucamy Lu,				Rode off on his polo ponio
Miss Lucamy Lucy Molonio.		And found the maid
					In a bowery shade,
					Sitting and knitting alonio.
Antonio Antonio
Said if you will be my ownio
I'll love you true			Oh nonio Antonio
And buy for you				You're far too bleak and bonio
An icery creamry conio.			And all that I wish
					You singular fish
					Is that you will quickly begonio.
Antonio Antonio
Uttered a dismal moanio
And went off and hid
Or I'm told that he did
In the Antarctical Zonio.


Be not anxious about what you have, but about what you are.
		-- Pope St. Gregory I


It does not do to leave a live dragon out of your calculations.


The most serious doubt that has been thrown on the authenticity of the
biblical miracles is the fact that most of the witnesses in regard to
them were fishermen.
		-- Arthur Binstead


Robustness, adj.:
	Never having to say you're sorry.


Machines that have broken down will work perfectly when the
repairman arrives.


People need good lies.  There are too many bad ones.
		-- Bokonon, "Cat's Cradle" by Kurt Vonnegut, Jr.


The eyes of taxes are upon you.


Berkeley had what we called "copycenter," which is "take it down
to the copy center and make as many copies as you want."
		-- Kirk McKusick


Recipe for a Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster:
	(1) Take the juice from one bottle of Ol' Janx Spirit
	(2) Pour into it one measure of water from the seas of
		Santraginus V (Oh, those Santraginean fish!)
	(3) Allow 3 cubes of Arcturan Mega-gin to melt into the
		mixture (properly iced or the benzine is lost.)
	(4) Allow four liters of Fallian marsh gas to bubble through it.
	(5) Over the back of a silver spoon, float a measure of
		Qualactin Hypermint extract.
	(6) Drop in the tooth of an Algolian Suntiger.  Watch it dissolve.
	(7) Sprinkle Zamphuor.
	(8) Add an olive.
	(9) Drink... but... very carefully...
		-- Douglas Adams


The Army needs leaders the way a foot needs a big toe.
		-- Bill Murray


We thrive on euphemism.  We call multi-megaton bombs "Peace-keepers", closet
size apartments "efficient" and incomprehensible artworks "innovative".  In
fact, "euphemism" has become a euphemism for "bald-faced lie".  And now, here
are the euphemisms so colorfully employed in Personal Ads:

EUPHEMISM			REALITY
-------------------		-------------------------
Independent thinker		Crazy
High spirited			Crazy and hyperactive
Free spirited			Crazy and irresponsible
Outrageous			Crazy and obnoxious
Exotic				Crazy with a pierced nose/nipple
Cuddly				Overweight
Huggable/Zaftig/Rubenesque	Fat (there's a lot to love)
Big and beautiful		Really Fat
Fat 'n' sassy			Really Fat and loud
Svelte/Slender			Anorexic
Dynamic				Pushy
Assertive			Pushy with a mean streak
Feisty/Ambitious		Would kill own mother for next corporate rung
Demanding			Will make your life a living hell
Looking for Mr./Ms. Right	Looking for Mr./Ms. Rich


Last night I dreamed I ate a ten-pound marshmallow, and when I woke up
the pillow was gone.
		-- Tommy Cooper


One good turn deserves another.
		-- Gaius Petronius


Double-blind Experiment, n.:
	An experiment in which the chief researcher believes he is
fooling both the subject and the lab assistant.  Often accompanied
by a strong belief in the tooth fairy.


Plastic...  Aluminum...  These are the inheritors of the Universe!
Flesh and Blood have had their day... and that day is past!
		-- Green Lantern Comics


Lubarsky's Law of Cybernetic Entomology:
	There's always one more bug.


Everything is controlled by a small evil group
to which, unfortunately, no one we know belongs.


The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two
chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed.
		-- Carl G. Jung


The primary theme of SoupCon is communication.  The acronym "LEO"
represents the secondary theme:

	Law Enforcement Officials

The overall theme of SoupCon shall be:

	Avoiding Communication with Law Enforcement Officials
		-- M. Gallaher


Doing gets it done.


If thine eye offends thee, pluck it out.
If thy dick offends thee, whack it off.


Never say you know a man until you have divided an inheritance with him.


Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.


You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
		-- Indira Gandhi


A Hollywood producer calls a friend, another producer on the phone.
	"Hello?" his friend answers.
	"Hi!" says the man.  "This is Bob, how are you doing?"
	"Oh," says the friend, "I'm doing great!  I just sold a screenplay
for two hundred thousand dollars.  I've started a novel adaptation and the
studio advanced me fifty thousand dollars on it.  I also have a television
series coming on next week, and everyone says it's going to be a big hit!
I'm doing *great*!  How are you?"
	"Okay," says the producer, "give me a call when he leaves."


LIBRA (Sep. 23 to Oct. 22)
	Your desire for justice and truth will be overshadowed by your desire
	for filthy lucre and a decent meal.  Be gracious and polite.  Someone
	is watching you, so stop staring like that.


Love is two minutes and fifty-two seconds of squishy sounds.
		-- Johnny Rotten


Vandalism On The Upswing!
	Last night, windows were broken and graffiti was sprayed over the
	front of the local sex shop, Le Sex Boutique, causing several hundred
	dollars in damage.  In a later anonymous phone call, the provisional
	wing of the Salvation Army claimed responsibility.


Me father makes book on the corner,
Me mother makes second hand gin,
Me sister makes love for a dollar,
And that's how the money rolls in!

	Rolls in, rolls in, just look how the money rolls in!
		(Rolls in!)
	Rolls in, rolls in, just look how the money rolls in!

Me father sells cheap prophylactics,
Me mum pokes the tips with a pin,
Me sister performs the abortions,
And that's how the money rolls in!

Me uncle's a poor missionary,
He saves fallen women from sin.
He'll save you a blonde for five dollars,
And that's how the money rolls in.


One can't proceed from the informal to the formal by formal means.


Somewhere, just out of sight, the unicorns are gathering.


	"You have heard me speak of Professor Moriarty?"
	"The famous scientific criminal, as famous among crooks as --"
	"My blushes, Watson," Holmes murmured, in a deprecating voice.  "I
was about to say 'as he is unknown to the public.'"
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "The Valley of Fear"


Remember -- only 10% of anything can be in the top 10%.


What makes us so bitter against people who outwit us
is that they think themselves cleverer than we are.


The police were investigating the mysterious death of a prominent businessman
who had jumped from a window of his 11th story office.  His voluptuous private
secretary could offer no explanation for the action but said that her boss had
been acting peculiarly ever since she started working for him a month ago.
	"After my very first week on the job," she said, "I received a
twenty-dollar raise.  At the end of the second week he called me into his
private office, gave me a lovely black nightie, five pairs of nylon stockings
and said, 'These are for a beautiful, efficient secretary.'  At the end of the
third week he gave me a gorgeous mink stole.  Then, this afternoon, he called me
into his private office again, presented me with this fabulous diamond bracelet
and asked me if I would consider making love to him and what it would cost.
I told him I would, and because he had been so nice to me, he could have it
for five dollars, although I was charging all the other boys in the office ten
dollars.  That's when he jumped out the window."


Jacquin's Postulate on Democratic Government:
	No man's life, liberty, or property are safe while the
	legislature is in session.


Secretary's Revenge:
	Filing almost everything under "the".


A complex system that works is invariably
found to have evolved from a simple system that works.


If we see the light at the end of the tunnel
It's the light of an oncoming train.
		-- Robert Lowell


If that makes any sense to you, you have a big problem.
		-- C. Durance, Computer Science 234


Any circuit design must contain at least one part which is obsolete, two parts
which are unobtainable, and three parts which are still under development.


That's one small step for a man; one giant leap for mankind.
		-- Neil Armstrong


The only way you'll ever hear from
me is if you're living in the same hell.
		-- Roy Harper


I must Create a System, or be enslav'd by another Man's;
I will not Reason and Compare; my business is to Create.
		-- William Blake, "Jerusalem"


Don't tell me I'm burning the candle at both ends -- tell me where to
get more wax!!


Shaw's Principle:
	Build a system that even a fool can use, and only a fool will
	want to use it.


Today is gonna be one helluva week!


In a consumer society there are inevitably two kinds of slaves:
the prisoners of addiction and the prisoners of envy.


Life, like beer, is merely borrowed.
		-- Don Reed


Well, we'll really have a party,
but we've gotta post a guard outside.
		-- Eddie Cochran, "Come On Everybody"


He was so ugly hookers used to tell him, "Not on the first date."


Well, he didn't know what to do, so he decided to look at the government,
to see what they did, and scale it down and run his life that way.
		-- Laurie Anderson


Dammit Jim, I'm an actor not a doctor.


Being the #2 man in the Justice Department under Ed Meese is akin to
standing next to a lamp post infested with pigeons.
		-- unnamed Justice Department official


Hurewitz's Memory Principle:
	The chance of forgetting something is directly proportional
	to... to... uh.....


American business long ago gave up on demanding that prospective
employees be honest and hardworking.  It has even stopped hoping for
employees who are educated enough that they can tell the difference
between the men's room and the women's room without having little
pictures on the doors.
		-- Dave Barry, "Urine Trouble, Mister"


	The new patron was amazed by the cleanliness of the restaurant.  A
waiter approached the table.  "Good afternoon, sir.  What may I serve you?"
	"I'll have the steak dinner," the man answered.
	As the waiter headed for the kitchen, the diner noticed that he
wore a spotless white apron and clean white gloves.  Soon the waiter
returned, bearing a casserole dish on a cart which he uncovered to reveal
two tempting filet mignons.  From a covered pocket in his apron he produced
a small pair of shining silver tongs and with them he transferred the meat
from the steaming casserole to the diner's plate.  "We never touch anything
with our hands," he explained.
	The waiter continued serving.  "Confidentially," he said, "we even
have a special set of rules about visiting the lavatory.  Do you see this
little piece of string attached to my apron?"
	"Yes," the diner replied.  "I noticed that all the aprons had one."
	The waiter put a large browned potato on the plate with his tongs.
"Well," he began, "if I should have to go to the bathroom, that string
comes in very handily.  I simply unzip my pants and take it out with that
piece of string.  That way everything stays sanitary."
	"But how do you put it back?"
	"Well, I don't know about the other guys," the waiter confided, "but
I use the tongs."


Welcome to Fortune Blackmail!!
	This is the first of a series of revelations which could
	add up to a divorce, premature retirement and possible
	criminal proceedings for a company vice-president in Langley Virginia.
	So, Mr. S*****, $10,000 please to stop us from revealing:
		1: Whose shoulders you were sitting on.
		2: What you were doing.
		3: The names of the three people involved.
		4: The youth organization to which they belonged.
		5: The shop where you bought the equipment.


Toni's Solution to a Guilt-Free Life:
	If you have to lie to someone, it's their fault.


I think your opinions are reasonable,
except for the one about my mental instability.
		-- Psychology Professor, Fairfield University


The heart is wiser than the intellect.


Zippity doo dah, zippity ay,
I just gave my sister's cherry away!
To a couple of truckers from Erie P.A.,
Zippity doo dah, zippity ay.
		-- John Valby


Virginia law forbids bathtubs in the house; tubs must be kept in the
yard.


A stunning blonde, but probably all bean dip above the eyebrows.


CAPRICORN (Dec. 22 to Jan. 19)
	Follow your instincts.  You are much too scatterbrained to do anything
	else, such as think.  Romance is in the air, but not for you, so forget
	it.  That pimple on the end of your nose will get worse.


Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a
wise person to be able to sell it.


Women's virtue is man's greatest invention.
		-- Cornelia Otis Skinner


Life is too important to take seriously.
		-- Corky Siegel


I have a rock garden.  Last week three of them died.
		-- Richard Diran


User friendly software searching for friendly Hardware to interface with.
Hardware may present itself in floppy format as software has capability to
upgrading same to full size firm.  Size is not all that important; but byte
sized bandwidth required -- header width is of more concern.  Joystick should
be able to toggle in different speeds and for some duration.  Software is
looking for system willing to perform intensive manipulation of keyboard as
well as preparing the mainframe and disk drives.  Fingering of all files
permitted, and encouraged, before thrusting joystick into drive.  Software
is programmed not to copy; there is no need for removing joystick before
completed execution of program.  Program may be run several times per day...
especially if special features and options are utilized.


Have at you!


68:
	Do me now and I'll owe you one.


BE A LOOF!  (There has been a recent population explosion of lerts.)


Oh, I could while away the hours,
Smoking herbs and flowers,
Shooting up my veins,
	De-dum, De-dum, De-dum
Tell you, I've been a-thinkin'
I could drive a shiny Lincoln,
If I dealt in good cocaine.
		-- To "If I Only Had A Brain" from "The Wizard of Oz"


Violence is a sword that has no handle -- you have to hold the blade.


Finding out what goes on in the C.I.A. is like performing acupuncture
on a rock.
		-- New York Times, Jan. 20, 1981


Success is the sole earthly judge of right and wrong.
		-- Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf"


Money will say more in one moment than
the most eloquent lover can in years.


I went into a general store ... they wouldn't sell me anything specific.
		-- Steven Wright


It takes all kinds to fill the freeways.
		-- Crazy Charlie


Possessions increase to fill the space available for their storage.
		-- Ryan


Turnaucka's Law:
	The attention span of a computer is only as long as its
	electrical cord.


For some reason, this fortune reminds everyone of Marvin Zelkowitz.


Don't worry about the world coming to an end today.
It's already tomorrow in Australia.
		-- Charles Schultz


Tell you what," the haberdasher said to a persistent job applicant.  "I've
got one suit I can't sell -- that purple, green and yellow number over there.
If you can make that sale, you've not only got the job, you've got it for
life."
	Then the store owner left for lunch.  When he returned, he was shocked
to see the young man's clothes in tatters and his hands and face bleeding.
	"My God, what happened to you?"
	"I sold the suit!  I sold the suit!" the young man shouted, a smile
on his bloodied lips.
	"Congratulations," the haberdasher said.  "You've got the job.  But
what happened?  Did the customer start a fight?"
	"Oh, no," the new salesman replied.  "But his Seeing Eye dog was
*pissed*."


The Pig, if I am not mistaken,
Gives us ham and pork and Bacon.
Let others think his heart is big,
I think it stupid of the Pig.
		-- Ogden Nash


For I swore I would stay a year away from her; out and alas!
but with break of day I went to make supplication.
		-- Paulus Silentarius, c. 540 A.D.


Today is a good day to bribe a high-ranking public official.


