Tomorrow's computers some time next month.
		-- DEC


They are ill discoverers that think there is no land,
when they can see nothing but sea.
		-- Francis Bacon


Then there was the Scoutmaster who got a fantastic deal on this case of
Tates brand compasses for his troop; only $1.25 each!  Only problem was,
when they got them out in the woods, the compasses were all stuck pointing
to the "W" on the dial.

Moral:
	He who has a Tates is lost!


Review Questions

1:	If Nerd on the planet Nutley starts out in his spaceship at 20 KPH,
	and his speed doubles every 3.2 seconds, how long will it be before
	he exceeds the speed of light?  How long will it be before the
	Galactic Patrol picks up the pieces of his spaceship?

2:	If Roger Rowdy wrecks his car every week, and each week he breaks
	twice as many bones as before, how long will it be before he breaks
	every bone in his body?  How long will it be before they cut off
	his insurance?  Where does he get a new car every week?

3:	If Johnson drinks one beer the first hour (slow start), four beers
	the next hour, nine beers the next, etc., and stacks the cans in
	a pyramid, how soon will Johnson's pyramid be larger than King
	Tut's?  When will it fall on him?  Will he notice?


The good thing about masturbation is that you don't have to dress up for it.
		-- Truman Capote


Infatuation, n.:
	When you're in love, there's a lump in your throat.
	When you're infatuated, there's a lump in your pants.


...all the modern inconveniences...
		-- Mark Twain


Put your brain in gear before starting your mouth in motion.


How can you work when the system's so crowded?


The truth of a proposition has nothing to do with its credibility.
And vice versa.


BASIC is the Computer Science equivalent of "Scientific Creationism."


The course of true anything never does run smooth.
		-- Samuel Butler


Atlanta makes it against the law to tie a giraffe to a telephone pole
or street lamp.


Age, n.:
	That period of life in which we compound for the vices that we
	still cherish by reviling those that we no longer have the
	enterprise to commit.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


A tautology is a thing which is tautological.


It's only by NOT taking the human race seriously that I retain
what fragments of my once considerable mental powers I still possess.
		-- Roger Noe


There's nothing like good food, good wine, and a bad girl.


Q:	What is the last thing a Kansas stripper takes off?
A:	Her bowling shoes.


Until Eve arrived, this was a man's world.
		-- Richard Armour


I'm So Miserable Without You It's Almost Like Having You Here
		-- Song title by Stephen Bishop

She Got the Gold Mine, I Got the Shaft
		-- Song title by Jerry Reed

When My Love Comes Back from the Ladies' Room Will I Be Too Old to Care?
		-- Song title by Lewis Grizzard

I Don't Know Whether to Kill Myself or Go Bowling
		-- Unattributed song title

Drop Kick Me, Jesus, Through the Goal Posts of Life
		-- Unattributed song title


Unix is the worst operating system; except for all others.
		-- Berry Kercheval


So much
depends
upon
a red

wheel
barrow
glazed with

rain
water
beside
the white
chickens.
		-- William Carlos Williams, "The Red Wheel Barrow"


Air Force Inertia Axiom:
	Consistency is always easier to defend than correctness.


I have sacrificed time, health, and fortune, in the desire to complete these
Calculating Engines.  I have also declined several offers of great personal
advantage to myself.  But, notwithstanding the sacrifice of these advantages
for the purpose of maturing an engine of almost intellectual power, and
after expending from my own private fortune a larger sum than the government
of England has spent on that machine, the execution of which it only
commenced, I have received neither an acknowledgment of my labors, nor even
the offer of those honors or rewards which are allowed to fall within the
reach of men who devote themselves to purely scientific investigations...
	If the work upon which I have bestowed so much time and thought were
a mere triumph over mechanical difficulties, or simply curious, or if the
execution of such engines were of doubtful practicability or utility, some
justification might be found for the course which has been taken; but I
venture to assert that no mathematician who has a reputation to lose will
ever publicly express an opinion that such a machine would be useless if
made, and that no man distinguished as a civil engineer will venture to
declare the construction of such machinery impracticable...
	And at a period when the progress of physical science is obstructed
by that exhausting intellectual and manual labor, indispensable for its
advancement, which it is the object of the Analytical Engine to relieve, I
think the application of machinery in aid of the most complicated and abstruse
calculations can no longer be deemed unworthy of the attention of the country.
In fact, there is no reason why mental as well as bodily labor should not
be economized by the aid of machinery.
		-- Charles Babbage, "The Life of a Philosopher"


Type louder, please.


Now hatred is by far the longest pleasure;
Men love in haste, but they detest at leisure.
		-- George Gordon, Lord Byron, "Don Juan"


Democracy is a form of government that substitutes election by the
incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Don't let your mouth write no check that your tail can't cash.
		-- Bo Diddley


A debugged program is one for which you have
not yet found the conditions that make it fail.
		-- Jerry Ogdin


Your mode of life will be changed to ASCII.


Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral?
It is because we are not the person involved.
		-- Mark Twain


Men -- can't live with 'em, can't leave
'em by the curb when you're done.


This is the _L_A_S_T time I take travel suggestions from Ray Bradbury!


Dorothy:	How can you talk if you haven't got a brain?
Scarecrow:	I don't know.  But some people without brains do an
		awful lot of talking, don't they?
		-- Judy Garland and Ray Bolger, "The Wizard of Oz"


As me an' me marrer was readin' a tyape,
The tyape gave a shriek mark an' tried tae escyape;
It skipped ower the gyate tae the end of the field,
An' jigged oot the room wi' a spool an' a reel!
Follow the leader, Johnny me laddie,
Follow it through, me canny lad O;
Follow the transport, Johnny me laddie,
Away, lad, lie away, canny lad O!
		-- S. Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


Somehow, the world always affects you more than you affect it.


My advice to the women's clubs of America is to raise more hell and fewer
dahlias.
		-- William Allen White


When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt.
		-- Henry J. Kaiser


Biz is better.


If you think things can't get worse it's probably only because you
lack sufficient imagination.


Prof:    So the American government went to IBM to come up with a data
	 encryption standard and they came up with ...
Student: EBCDIC!


The world is coming to an end!
Repent and return those library books!


There's a handsome boy who tells me how I've changed his past.  He buys me
a brandy...  Could it be he's really just after my ass?
		-- Pete Townshend, "How Many Friends"


Does it rape elephants?
		-- Brent Byer


All constants are variables.


HE:	Let's end it all, bequeathin' our brains to science.
SHE:	What?!?  Science got enough trouble with their OWN brains.
		-- Walt Kelley


You will feel hungry again in another hour.


Try to be the best of whatever you are, even if what you are is no good.


Never delay the ending of a meeting or the beginning of a cocktail hour.


There is no such thing as pure pleasure;
some anxiety always goes with it.


Chastity is its own punishment.


He thought he saw an albatross
That fluttered 'round the lamp.
He looked again and saw it was
A penny postage stamp.
"You'd best be getting home," he said,
"The nights are rather damp."


Nothing endures but change.
		-- Heraclitus
	[Yeah, yeah, "Everything changes but change itself." --JFK Ed.]


Never say you know a man until you have divided an inheritance with him.


Meteorologist, n.:
	A man who can look in a woman's eyes and predict whether.


My calculator is my shepherd, I shall not want
It maketh me accurate to ten significant figures,
	and it leadeth me in scientific notation to 99 digits.
It restoreth my square roots and guideth me along paths of floating
	decimal points for the sake of precision.
Yea, tho I walk through the valley of surprise quizzes,
	I will fear no prof, for my calculator is there to hearten me.
It prepareth a log table to comfort me, it prepareth an
	arc sin for me in the presence of my teachers.
It anoints my homework with correct solutions, my interpolations are
	over.
Surely, both precision and accuracy shall follow me all the days of my
	life, and I shall dwell in the house of Texas instruments forever.


A bureaucrat's idea of cleaning up his files
is to make a copy of everything before he destroys it.


MSDOS is not dead, it just smells that way.
		-- Henry Spencer


	... with liberty and justice for all who can afford it.


Naches (rhymes with Bach' us, with "Bach" pronounced like the composer)
is what every Jewish parent wants from their children, lots of good
returns, good grades, good spouse, good grandchildren.

So, now that you all understand naches, the joke:

Two Jewish women are sitting having coffee.
	"So, how's your daughter?"
	"Oh, Rachel!  She's fine, she just married a dentist!"
	"Really?  Isn't she the one that married the lawyer?"
	"Yes, that's my Rachel."
	"That's... that's nice.  But isn't she the same one that married
		the doctor?"
	"Yes, that's her!"
	"But didn't she marry a bank executive before that?"
	"Yes, yes!"
	"Ahhh.  So much naches from one child!"


IOT trap -- core dumped


My doctorate's in Literature, but it seems like a pretty good pulse to me.


Progress was all right.  Only it went on too long.
		-- James Thurber


	An old Jewish man reads about Einstein's theory of relativity
in the newspaper and asks his scientist grandson to explain it to him.
	"Well, zayda, it's sort of like this.  Einstein says that if
you're having your teeth drilled without Novocain, a minute seems like
an hour.  But if you're sitting with a beautiful woman on your lap, an
hour seems like a minute."
	The old man considers this profound bit of thinking for a
moment and says, "And from this he makes a living?"
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


LAZY:
	Marrying a pregnant woman.


Opium is very cheap considering you don't
feel like eating for the next six days.
		-- Taylor Mead, famous transvestite


A bore is someone who persists in holding his
own views after we have enlightened him with ours.


Distributed Systems people do it loosely coupled.


We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
		-- Oscar Wilde


The English have no respect for their language, and will not teach
their children to speak it.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


A university is what a college becomes
when the faculty loses interest in students.
		-- John Ciardi


To be the kind of girl designed to be kissed between the thighs.


To a Californian, the basic difference between the people and the pigeons
in New York is that the pigeons don't shit on each other.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


Success is like a fart -- only your own smells nice.
		-- James P. Hogan


Rome was not built in one day.
		-- John Heywood


TEAMWORK:
	Having someone to blame.


Yea from the table of my memory
I'll wipe away all trivial fond records.
		-- Hamlet


Drinking coffee for instant relaxation?  That's like drinking alcohol for
instant motor skills.
		-- Marc Price


Sometimes, at the end of the day, when I'm
smiling and shaking their hands, I want to kick them.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


We boggies are a hairy folk		Ever hungry, ever thirsting,
Who like to eat until we choke.		Never stop till belly's bursting.
Loving all like friend and brother,	Chewing chop and pork and muttons,
And hardly ever eat each other.		A merry race of boring gluttons.

Sing: GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE.

Boggies gather 'round the table,	Anything edible, we've got dibs on,
Eat as much as you are able.		And hope we all die with our bibs on.
Gorge yourselves from moon till noon	Ever gay, we'll never grow up,
(Don't forget your plate and spoon.)	Come! And sing and play and throw-up!

Sing: GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE!
		-- Bored of the Rings, "The Hobbits National Anthem"


When speculation has done its worst, two plus two still equals four.
		-- S. Johnson


But if it's 80% glucose, then why does it taste salty?
		-- Anonymous med school student


No matter how celebrated the beauty of a woman, I would never spend a night
with her.  The only celebrity with whom I would share a night is Max Planck.
But he is dead.  So I live like a monk, aside from a little self gratification
in the afternoons.
		-- Salvador Dali


Female ballet dancers are the bravest girls around.  Who else would take a
flying leap into the arms of a homosexual and expect to be caught?
		-- Rita Rudner


Your education begins where what is called your education is over.


QOTD:
	"He's on the same bus, but he's sure as hell got a different
	ticket."


f u cn rd ths, u r prbbly a lsy spllr.


I'm really enjoying not talking to you...
Let's not talk again REAL soon...


Your mind is the part of you that says,
	"Why'n'tcha eat that piece of cake?"
... and then, twenty minutes later, says,
	"Y'know, if I were you, I wouldn't have done that!"
		-- Steven and Ondrea Levine


Courage is fear that has said its prayers.


Man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft...
and the only one that can be mass produced with unskilled labor.
		-- Wernher von Braun


The only certainty is that nothing is certain.
		-- Pliny the Elder


Class, that's the only thing that counts in life.  Class.
Without class and style, a man's a bum; he might as well be dead.
		-- "Bugsy" Siegel


The die is cast.
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar


date; talk; touch; unzip; finger; expand; strip; head; mount; yes; yes; yes;
eject; more; sleep


I CAN'T come back, I don't know how it works.
		-- Frank Morgan as The Wizard, "The Wizard of Oz"


The absence of labels [in ECL] is probably a good thing.
		-- T. Cheatham


"Oh, he [a big dog] hunts with papa," she said. "He says Don Carlos [the
dog] is good for almost every kind of game.  He went duck hunting one time
and did real well at it.  Then Papa bought some ducks, not wild ducks but,
you know, farm ducks.  And it got Don Carlos all mixed up.  Since the
ducks were always around the yard with nobody shooting at them he knew he
wasn't supposed to kill them, but he had to do something.  So one morning
last spring, when the ground was still soft, he took all the ducks and
buried them."  "What do you mean, buried them?"  "Oh, he didn't hurt them.
He dug little holes all over the yard and picked up the ducks in his mouth
and put them in the holes.  Then he covered them up with mud except for
their heads.  He did thirteen ducks that way and was digging a hole for
another one when Tony found him.  We talked about it for a long time.  Papa
said Don Carlos was afraid the ducks might run away, and since he didn't
know how to build a cage he put them in holes.  He's a smart dog."
		-- R. Bradford, "Red Sky At Morning"


It is one of the superstitions of the human mind
to have imagined that virginity could be a virtue.
		-- Voltaire


What an author likes to write most is his signature on the
back of a cheque.
		-- Brendan Francis


All my friends and I are crazy.
That's the only thing that keeps us sane.


If we were meant to get up early, God would have created us
with alarm clocks.


FORTUNE PRESENTS FAMOUS LAST WORDS:	#4

Socrates:		I DRANK WHAT!?!?
Tarzan:			Who greased the grape viiiiiiiiiiiinnnneee........
Al Capone:		There's a violin in my violin case!
Pilot, TWA Fl. #343:	What's a mountain goat doing 'way up here?


A [golf] ball hitting a tree shall be deemed not to have hit the tree.
Hitting a tree is simply bad luck and has no place in a scientific game.
The player should estimate the distance the ball would have traveled if it
had not hit the tree and play the ball from there, preferably atop a nice
firm tuft of grass.
		-- Donald A. Metz


You know what I wish?  I wish all the scum of the Earth had one throat
and I had my hands about it.
		-- Rorschach, "Watchmen"


If you meet somebody who tells you that he loves you more than anybody
in the whole wide world, don't trust him.  It means he experiments.


I am not now, nor have I ever been, a member of the demigodic party.
		-- Dennis M. Ritchie


A log may float in a river, but that does not make it a crocodile.


She made a thing of soft leather,
And topped off the end with a feather.
	When she poked it inside her
	She took off like a glider,
And gave up her lover forever.


I'm willing to sacrifice anything for this cause, even other people's
lives.


I DON'T THINK I'M ALONE when I say I'd like to see more and more planets
fall under the ruthless domination of our solar system.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Heaven and earth were created all together in the same instant,
on October 23rd, 4004 B.C. at nine o'clock in the morning.
		-- Dr. John Lightfoot,
		   Vice-chancellor of Cambridge University


Step back, unbelievers!
Or the rain will never come.
Somebody keep the fire burning, someone come and beat the drum.
You may think I'm crazy, you may think that I'm insane,
But I swear to you, before this day is out,
	you folks are gonna see some rain!


The Reverend Henry Ward Beecher
Called a hen a most elegant creature.
	The hen, pleased with that,
	Laid an egg in his hat --
And thus did the hen reward Beecher.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


If you are shooting under 80 you are neglecting your business;
over 80 you are neglecting your golf.
		-- Walter Hagen


Soap and education are not as sudden as a
massacre, but they are more deadly in the long run.
		-- Mark Twain


In Minnesota they ask why all football fields in Iowa have artificial turf.
It's so the cheerleaders won't graze during the game.


We cannot put the face of a person on a stamp unless said person is
deceased.  My suggestion, therefore, is that you drop dead.
		-- James E. Day, Postmaster General


