Higgledy Piggledy		Coeducational
Yale University			Extracurricular
Gave up misogyny		Heterosexual
Opened its door.		Fun is in store.


The Phone Booth Rule:
	A lone dime always gets the number nearly right.


It is explained that all relationships require a little give and take.  This
is untrue.  Any partnership demands that we give and give and give and at the
last, as we flop into our graves exhausted, we are told that we didn't give
enough.
		-- Quentin Crisp, "How to Become a Virgin"


A shy young man, preparing himself for what he hoped would be the ultimate sex
act with a pretty young lady, went into a drugstore to inquire about sizes and
styles of condoms.  The lusty proprietress, a buxom widow, saw an opportunity
for fun at the lad's expense.
	"Come in the back and try some on for size," she said, taking his hand.
The widow unzipped the youth's fly and watched the small instrument grow in
her hand as she measured it.  When the weapon had unfurled to a rosy seven and
a half inches, the young man, unable to contain himself, had an orgasm with a
tremendous discharge.  After recovering, he asked the widow if she could now
give him the proper size.
	"I'll do more than that," she said.  "I'll give you free meals and a
half interest in the store."


... and the fully armed nuclear warheads are of course merely a
courtesy detail.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


It is not wise to make love more than once in the morning.
You never know who you'll meet later in the day.


The Golden Rule of Arts and Sciences:
	He who has the gold makes the rules.


Beam me up, Scotty!  It ate my phaser!


Some changes are so slow, you don't notice them.
Others are so fast, they don't notice you.


A black cat crossing your path signifies
that the animal is going somewhere.
		-- Groucho Marx


While vacationing last summer in the North Woods, a young fellow thought it
might be a good idea to write his girl.  He had brought no stationery with
him, however; so he had to walk into town for some.  Entering the one and
only general store, he discovered that the clerk was a young, full-blown farm
girl with languorous eyes.
	"Do you keep stationery?" he asked.
	"Well," she giggled, "I do until the last few seconds, and then I
just go wild."


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #12

	Those who can, do.  Those who can't, write the instructions.


A Hollywood producer calls a friend, another producer on the phone.
	"Hello?" his friend answers.
	"Hi!" says the man.  "This is Bob, how are you doing?"
	"Oh," says the friend, "I'm doing great!  I just sold a screenplay
for two hundred thousand dollars.  I've started a novel adaptation and the
studio advanced me fifty thousand dollars on it.  I also have a television
series coming on next week, and everyone says it's going to be a big hit!
I'm doing *great*!  How are you?"
	"Okay," says the producer, "give me a call when he leaves."


Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
		-- Thomas Alva Edison


State license plates we'd like to see:

	ALABAMA					ARIZONA
	IC1 NOW					120  F
THE UFO SIGHTING STATE			THE HEAT PROSTRATION STATE

	CONNECTICUT				MISSISSIPPI
	 5:36  EXP				  4I4S2PS
WHERE THE SMART NY WORK FORCE LIVES	THE MOST OFTEN MISSPELLED STATE

	TEXAS					FLORIDA
      1-2-3 HIKE				ZON KED
PLAY FOOTBALL OR DIE			AMERICA'S DRUG DEALER


Programmers do it bit by bit.


Oh this age!  How tasteless and ill-bred it is.
		-- Gaius Valerius Catullus


Support your local Search and Rescue unit -- get lost.


A Dublin lawyer died in poverty and many barristers of the city subscribed to
a fund for his funeral.  The Lord Chief Justice of Orbury was asked to donate
a shilling.  "Only a shilling?" exclaimed the man. "Only a shilling to bury
an attorney?  Here's a guinea; go and bury twenty of them."


		NEW ADDITION TO THE LIBRARY:
"Sally", the department's new inflatable doll, is available on a
short-term removal basis only -- please sign her out and return her
promptly to avoid extended waits.  (We are still awaiting shipment of
our "Big John" doll.)


Layers are for cakes, not for software.
		-- Bart Smaalders


Consequences, Schmonsequences, as long as I'm rich.
		-- "Ali Baba Bunny" [1957, Chuck Jones]


Life, like beer, is merely borrowed.
		-- Don Reed


Honesty is for the most part less profitable than dishonesty.
		-- Plato


It is better to have Uranus in Cancer than to have Cancer in Uranus.


We don't know who it was that discovered water, but we're pretty sure
that it wasn't a fish.
		-- Marshall McLuhan


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #12

O.E.D.:				David Lean, 1969, 3 hours 30 min.

	Lean's version of the Oxford Dictionary has been accused of
	shallowness in its treatment of a complete work.  Omar Sharif
	tends to overact as aardvark, but Alec Guinness is solid in
	the role of abbacy.  As usual, the photography is stunning.
	With Julie Christie.


Distance doesn't make you any smaller,
but it does make you part of a larger picture.


If you MUST get married, it is always advisable to marry beauty.
Otherwise, you'll never find anybody to take her off your hands.


It is only the great men who are truly obscene.  If they had not dared
to be obscene, they could never have dared to be great.
		-- Havelock Ellis


One reason why George Washington
Is held in such veneration:
He never blamed his problems
On the former Administration.
		-- George O. Ludcke


Fain would I climb, yet fear I to fall.
		-- Sir Walter Raleigh


Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel.
		-- S. Johnson, "The Life of Samuel Johnson" by J. Boswell

In Dr. Johnson's famous dictionary patriotism is defined as the last
resort of the scoundrel.  With all due respect to an enlightened but
inferior lexicographer I beg to submit that it is the first.
		-- Ambrose Bierce

When Dr. Johnson defined patriotism as the last refuge of a scoundrel,
he ignored the enormous possibilities of the word reform.
		-- Sen. Roscoe Conkling

Public office is the last refuge of a scoundrel.
		-- Boies Penrose


Hi!  I'm Larry.  This is my brother Bob, and this is my other brother
Jimbo.  We thought you might like to know the names of your assailants.


Stay together, drag each other down.


It's easier to be a liberal a long way from home.
		-- Don Price


Haste makes waste.
		-- John Heywood


Q:	What's the difference between "Oooh" and "Aaah"?
A:	About three inches.


Give your very best today.
Heaven knows it's little enough.


They call them "squares" because it's the
most complicated shape they can deal with.


	Exxon's "Universe of Energy" tends to the peculiar rather than the
humorous ... After [an incomprehensible film montage about wind and sun and
rain and strip mines and] two or three minutes of mechanical confusion, the
seats locomote through a short tunnel filled with clock-work dinosaurs.
The dinosaurs are depicted without accuracy and too close to your face.
	"One of the few real novelties at Epcot is the use of smell to
aggravate illusions.  Of course, no one knows what dinosaurs smelled like,
but Exxon has decided they smelled bad.
	"At the other end of Dino Ditch ... there's a final, very addled
message about facing challengehood tomorrow-wise.  I dozed off during this,
but the import seems to be that dinosaurs don't have anything to do with
energy policy and neither do you."
		-- P. J. O'Rourke, "Holidays in Hell"


Hear about...
	the Californian terrorist that tried to blow up a bus?
	Burned his lips on the exhaust pipe.


Green light in A.M. for new projects.
Red light in P.M. for traffic tickets.


Electrocution, n.:
	Burning at the stake with all the modern improvements.


So, how's your love life?
Still holding your own?


Give all orders verbally.  Never write anything down
that might go into a "Pearl Harbor File".


Who loves not wisely but too well
Will look on Helen's face in hell,
But he whose love is thin and wise
Will view John Knox in Paradise.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Spirtle, n.:
	The fine stream from a grapefruit that always lands right in
	your eye.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Corry's Law:
	Paper is always strongest at the perforations.


	Penn's aunts made great apple pies at low prices.  No one else in
town could compete with the pie rates of Penn's aunts.
	During the American Revolution, a Britisher tried to raid a farm.  He
stumbled across a rock on the ground and fell, whereupon an aggressive Rhode
Island Red hopped on top.  Seeing this, the farmer commented, "Chicken catch
a Tory!"
	A wife started serving chopped meat, Monday hamburger, Tuesday meat
loaf, Wednesday tartar steak, and Thursday meatballs.  On Friday morning her
husband snarled, "How now, ground cow?"
	A journalist, thrilled over his dinner, asked the chef for the recipe.
Retorted the chef, "Sorry, we have the same policy as you journalists, we
never reveal our sauce."
	A new chef from India was fired a week after starting the job.  He
kept favoring curry.
	A couple of kids tried using pickles instead of paddles for a Ping-Pong
game.  They had the volley of the Dills.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #11

MONOPOLI:
	Peter Weir's classic film examining the false heroism of parlour
	games.  The powerful ending of the film sees one young man after
	another charge toward GO, only to senselessly lose his life on the
	Boardwalk property.


After a few steamy dances and a few more drinks, the pickup couple
are back at his place tearing their clothes off.  Things are really
starting to heat up when he leaps out of bed and starts frantically
rummaging through a dresser drawer.
	"What are you doing?" she asks.
	"Just a second, honey, I'm trying to find my lucky rubber."


Absentee, n.:
	A person with an income who has had the forethought
	to remove himself from the sphere of exaction.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


It's better to be quotable than to be honest.
		-- Tom Stoppard


Every person, all the events in your life are there because you have
drawn them there.  What you choose to do with them is up to you.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


There's one consolation about matrimony.  When you look around you can
always see somebody who did worse.
		-- Warren H. Goldsmith


Man in stall:
	Hey, buddy?  Is there any toilet paper out there?
Man at sink:
	No, I don't see any.  Just a second...  Nope, none in
	any of the other stalls either.
A minute passes.
Man in stall:
	Say, buddy?
Man at sink:
	Yeah?
Man in stall:
	You got change for a ten?


Sweater, n.:
	A garment worn by a child when its mother feels chilly.


For most men life is a search for the proper manila envelope in which to
get themselves filed.
		-- Clifton Fadiman


news: gotcha


A girl's conscience doesn't really keep her from doing anything wrong--
it merely keeps her from enjoying it.


Women reason with the heart and are much less often wrong
than men who reason with the head.
		-- DeLescure


This isn't true in practice -- what we've missed out is Stradivarius's
constant.  And then the aside: "For those of you who don't know, that's
been called by others the fiddle factor..."
		-- From a 1B Electrical Engineering lecture


A woman shouldn't have to buy her own perfume.
		-- Maurine Lewis


Conservative, n.:
	A statesman who is enamored of existing evils, as distinguished
	from the Liberal who wishes to replace them with others.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


A myth is a religion in which no-one any longer believes.
		-- James Feibleman, "Understanding Philosophy"


Let's remind ourselves that last year's fresh idea is today's cliche.
		-- Austen Briggs


A Norse god decides to assume human form, come down from Valhalla, and check
out the local action.  He finds himself in the piano bar of Caesar's Boardwalk
Regency in Atlantic City, and sits down to sip an Acquavit or two.  After a few
minutes, an extremely attractive young woman, having been taken with his form
and features, sends a drink down to him, then joins him.  The chemistry between
them is immediate and total.  They have the next drink in her room, and spend
the night repeatedly making passionate love.  The woman has no idea of her
partner's true identity; all she knows is he's driving her mad.  In the
morning, the Norse god jumps into the shower.  Reflecting on the previous
night he decides that he wants to be honest with his new lover.  Without even
bothering to wrap himself in a towel, he leaps from the shower into the room,
where the woman is still in bed, exhausted.  He kneels beside the bed, looks
deep into her eyes and says, "Honey, I have something very important to tell
you -- I'm Thor!".
	The woman looks at him.  "You're Thor?", she says. "My inthides feel
like grated cheeth!"


If you can survive death, you can probably survive anything.


There are only two kinds of men -- the dead and the deadly.
		-- Helen Rowland


You are fairminded, just and loving.


Old McDonald had a farm,
E-I-E-I-O!
And on this farm he had some chicks,
E-I-E-I-O!
With a chick-chick here,
And a chick-chick there,
Here a chick,
There a chick,
Everywhere a chick-chick,
Old McDonald lost his farm
'Cause he had too many chicks!


Bi now, gay later!


As long as there are ill-defined goals, bizarre bugs, and unrealistic
schedules, there will be Real Programmers willing to jump in and Solve
The Problem, saving the documentation for later.


Never settle with words what you can accomplish with a flame thrower.


	Once there was a marine biologist who loved dolphins. He spent his
time trying to feed and protect his beloved creatures of the sea.  One day,
in a fit of inventive genius, he came up with a serum that would make
dolphins live forever!
	Of course he was ecstatic. But he soon realized that in order to mass
produce this serum he would need large amounts of a certain compound that was
only found in nature in the metabolism of a rare South American bird.  Carried
away by his love for dolphins, he resolved that he would go to the zoo and
steal one of these birds.
	Unbeknownst to him, as he was arriving at the zoo an elderly lion was
escaping from its cage.  The zookeepers were alarmed and immediately began
combing the zoo for the escaped animal, unaware that it had simply lain down
on the sidewalk and had gone to sleep.
	Meanwhile, the marine biologist arrived at the zoo and procured his
bird.  He was so excited by the prospect of helping his dolphins that he
stepped absentmindedly stepped over the sleeping lion on his way back to his
car.  Immediately, 1500 policemen converged on him and arrested him for
transporting a myna across a staid lion for immortal porpoises.


A man who cannot seduce men cannot save them either.
		-- S. A. Kierkegaard (1813-1855)


... proper attention to Earthly needs of the poor, the depressed and the
downtrodden, would naturally evolve from dynamic, articulate, spirited
awareness of the great goals for Man and the society he conspired to erect.
		-- David Baker, paraphrasing Harold Urey, in
		   "The History of Manned Space Flight"


Nasrudin walked into a shop one day, and the owner came forward to serve
him.  Nasrudin said, "First things first.  Did you see me walk into your
shop?"
	"Of course."
	"Have you ever seen me before?"
	"Never."
	"Then how do you know it was me?"


I didn't do it! Nobody saw me do it! Can't prove anything!
		-- Bart Simpson


Carswell's Corollary:
	Whenever man comes up with a better mousetrap,
	nature invariably comes up with a better mouse.


	A novice asked the master: "In the east there is a great tree-structure
that men call 'Corporate Headquarters'.  It is bloated out of shape with
vice-presidents and accountants.  It issues a multitude of memos, each saying
'Go, Hence!' or 'Go, Hither!' and nobody knows what is meant.  Every year new
names are put onto the branches, but all to no avail.  How can such an
unnatural entity exist?"
	The master replies: "You perceive this immense structure and are
disturbed that it has no rational purpose.  Can you not take amusement from
its endless gyrations?  Do you not enjoy the untroubled ease of programming
beneath its sheltering branches?  Why are you bothered by its uselessness?"
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Nature abhors a hero.  For one thing, he violates the law of conservation
of energy.  For another, how can it be the survival of the fittest when the
fittest keeps putting himself in situations where he is most likely to be
creamed?
		-- Solomon Short


As long as the answer is right, who cares if the question is wrong?


I'd walk a mile for a Camel, two for a hump.


Instead of loving your enemies, treat your friends a little better.
		-- Edgar W. Howe


Do you realize the responsibility I carry?  I'm the only person standing
between Nixon and the White House.
		-- John F. Kennedy, in 1960


With a gentleman I try to be a gentleman and a half, and with a fraud I
try to be a fraud and a half.
		-- Otto von Bismarck


Ruling a big country is like cooking a small fish.
		-- Lao Tsu


There's little in taking or giving,
	There's little in water or wine:
This living, this living, this living,
	Was never a project of mine.
Oh, hard is the struggle, and sparse is
	The gain of the one at the top,
For art is a form of catharsis,
	And love is a permanent flop,
And work is the province of cattle,
	And rest's for a clam in a shell,
So I'm thinking of throwing the battle --
	Would you kindly direct me to hell?
		-- Dorothy Parker


Unprovided with original learning, unformed in the habits of thinking,
unskilled in the arts of composition, I resolved to write a book.
		-- Edward Gibbon


How apt the poor are to be proud.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Twelfth-Night"


Cutler Webster's Law:
	There are two sides to every argument, unless a person
	is personally involved, in which case there is only one.


A sense of desolation and uncertainty, of futility, of the baselessness
of aspirations, of the vanity of endeavor, and a thirst for a life giving
water which seems suddenly to have failed, are the signs in consciousness
of this necessary reorganization of our lives.

It is difficult to believe that this state of mind can be produced by the
recognition of such facts as that unsupported stones always fall to the
ground.
		-- J. W. N. Sullivan


	"I need a camel that can go without water for at least three weeks,"
the American said to an Algerian camel merchant.  "Is it possible?"
	"All things are possible," replied the merchant.  He proceeded to
take a camel out of his barn and lead him to a tank of water.  After the
camel had drunk its fill and was about to lift its head out of the tank,
the merchant picked up two nearby bricks, one in each hand, stepped behind
the camel, and smacked his testicles with the bricks.
	The camel let out a gigantic "Whhoooosh!" and sucked up what seemed
like twenty more gallons of water.
	The American stared incredulously at the camel merchant.  "My God,
man!" he exclaimed, "doesn't that hurt?!"
	The merchant shrugged.  "Only if you get your thumbs in between the
bricks."


Drink Canada Dry!  You might not succeed, but it *_i_s* fun trying.


I always choose my friends for their good looks and my enemies for their
good intellects.  Man cannot be too careful in his choice of enemies.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Picture of Dorian Gray"


Zisla's Law:
	If you're asked to join a parade, don't march behind the elephants.


Carswell's Corollary:
	Whenever man comes up with a better mousetrap,
	nature invariably comes up with a better mouse.


No, "Eureka" is Greek for "This bath is too hot."
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


	Two buddies had been out drinking for hours when their money finally
ran out.  "I have an idea," croaked Al.  "Lesh go over to my housh and borrow
shum money from my wife."
	The two of them reeled into Al's living room, snapped on the light,
and lo and behold, there was Al's wife making love on the sofa to another man.
This state of affairs considerably unnerved Al's friend but didn't seem to
affect the husband.
	"Shay, dear, you have any money for your ever-lovin' hushban?" he
asked.
	"Yes, yes," she snapped.  "Take my purse from the mantle, and for
Pete's sake, turn off those lights."
	Outside they examined the purse, and Al proudly announced, "There's
enough here for a pint for you and a pint for me.  Pretty good, eh, old buddy?"
	"But, Al," protested his friend, somewhat sobered by the spectacle
he'd just witnessed, "what about that fellow back there with your wife?"
	"The hell with him," replied Al.  "Let him buy his own pint."


Nature abhors a hero.  For one thing, he violates the law of conservation
of energy.  For another, how can it be the survival of the fittest when the
fittest keeps putting himself in situations where he is most likely to be
creamed?
		-- Solomon Short


Under the wide and starry sky,
Dig my grave and let me lie,
Glad did I live and gladly die,
And laid me down with a will,
And this be the verse that you grave for me,
Here he lies where he longed to be,
Home is the sailor home from the sea,
And the hunter home from the hill.
		-- R. Kipling


Dealing with failure is easy:
	Work hard to improve.
Success is also easy to handle:
	You've solved the wrong problem.  Work hard to improve.


Love is the process of my leading you gently back to yourself.
		-- Antoine de Saint-Exupery


You will be married within a year, and divorced within two.


People who claim they don't let little things bother
them have never slept in a room with a single mosquito.


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

The garbage collector now works.  In addition a new, experimental garbage
collection algorithm has been installed.  With SI:%DSK-GC-QLX-BITS set to 17,
(NOT the default) the old garbage collection algorithm remains in force; when
virtual storage is filled, the machine cold boots itself.  With SI:%DSK-GC-
QLX-BITS set to 23, the new garbage collector is enabled.  Unlike most garbage
collectors, the new gc starts its mark phase from the mind of the user, rather
than from the obarray.  This allows the garbage collection of significantly
more Qs.  As the garbage collector runs, it may ask you something like "Do you
remember what SI:RDTBL-TRANS does?", and if you can't give a reasonable answer
in thirty seconds, the symbol becomes a candidate for GCing.  The variable
SI:%GC-QLX-LUSER-TM governs how long the GC waits before timing out the user.


This novel is not to be tossed lightly aside, but to be hurled with
great force.
		-- Dorothy Parker


In every country and every age, the priest has been hostile to Liberty.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


QOTD:
	"You're so dumb you don't even have wisdom teeth."


The intelligence of any discussion diminishes with the square of the
number of participants.
		-- Adam Walinsky


Limericks are art forms complex,
Their topics run chiefly to sex.
	They usually have virgins,
	And masculine urgin's,
And other erotic effects.


Promising costs nothing, it's the delivering that kills you.


A pessimist is a man who has been compelled to live with an optimist.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


A place for everything and everything in its place.
		-- Isabella Mary Beeton, "The Book of Household Management"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to memory management system services.]


Always draw your curves, then plot your reading.


Love the sea?  I dote upon it -- from the beach.


I myself have dreamed up a structure intermediate between Dyson spheres
and planets.  Build a ring 93 million miles in radius -- one Earth orbit
-- around the sun.  If we have the mass of Jupiter to work with, and if
we make it a thousand miles wide, we get a thickness of about a thousand
feet for the base.

And it has advantages.  The Ringworld will be much sturdier than a Dyson
sphere.  We can spin it on its axis for gravity.  A rotation speed of 770
m/s will give us a gravity of one Earth normal.  We wouldn't even need to
roof it over.  Place walls one thousand miles high at each edge, facing the
sun.  Very little air will leak over the edges.

Lord knows the thing is roomy enough.  With three million times the surface
area of the Earth, it will be some time before anyone complains of the
crowding.
		-- Larry Niven, "Ringworld"


