Next, upon a stool, we've a sight to make you drool.
Seven virgins and a mule, keep it cool, keep it cool.
		-- ELP, "Karn Evil 9" (1st Impression, Part 2)


White House carpenters have reworked the master bedroom, remodeling it
so that Ronnie can sleep with his head in the hall.  That way, by the
time he wakes up, somebody will have already shined his hair.


A language that doesn't have everything is
actually easier to program in than some that do.
		-- Dennis M. Ritchie


Everybody knows that the dice are loaded.  Everybody rolls with their
fingers crossed.  Everybody knows the war is over.  Everybody knows the
good guys lost.  Everybody knows the fight was fixed: the poor stay
poor, the rich get rich.  That's how it goes.  Everybody knows.

Everybody knows that the boat is leaking.  Everybody knows the captain
lied.  Everybody got this broken feeling like their father or their dog
just died.

Everybody talking to their pockets.  Everybody wants a box of chocolates
and long stem rose.  Everybody knows.

Everybody knows that you love me, baby.  Everybody knows that you really
do.  Everybody knows that you've been faithful, give or take a night or
two.  Everybody knows you've been discreet, but there were so many people
you just had to meet without your clothes.  And everybody knows.

And everybody knows it's now or never.  Everybody knows that it's me or you.
And everybody knows that you live forever when you've done a line or two.
Everybody knows the deal is rotten: Old Black Joe's still pickin' cotton
for you ribbons and bows.  And everybody knows.
		-- Leonard Cohen, "Everybody Knows"


Handel's Proverb:
	You can't produce a baby in one month by impregnating 9 women!


Your friends will know you better in the first minute you
meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.
		-- Richard Bach, "Illusions"


Little known fact about Middle Earth: The Hobbits had a very
sophisticated computer network!  It was a Tolkien Ring...


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(24) Feminism was established so that unattractive women could have
     easier access to the mainstream of society.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Q:	How many Bell Labs Vice Presidents does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	That's proprietary information.  Answer available from AT&T on payment
	of license fee (binary only).


To make tax forms true they should
read "Income Owed Us" and "Incommode You".


Real Users hate Real Programmers.


Ankh if you love Isis.


Hitler used methods against white men in Europe, which by tacit
agreement between the cultural European nations were only to be
used against the coloured.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Every improvement in communication makes the bore more terrible.
		-- Frank Moore Colby


Q:	Where can you buy black lace crotchless panties for sheep?
A:	Fredrick's of Ithaca, New York.


God may be subtle, but He isn't plain mean.
		-- Albert Einstein


Mandrell: "You know what I think?"
Doctor:   "Ah, ah that's a catch question.  With a brain your size you
	  don't think, right?"
		-- "Doctor Who"


Reality is just a convenient measure of complexity.
		-- Alvy Ray Smith


Who will take care of the world after you're gone?


The cable TV sex channels don't expand our horizons, don't make us better
people, and don't come in clearly enough.
		-- Bill Maher


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #3:

Q:  When he went, had you gone and had she, if she wanted to and were
    able, for the time being excluding all the restraints on her not to
    go, gone also, would he have brought you, meaning you and she, with
    him to the station?
MR. BROOKS:  Objection.  That question should be taken out and shot.


Some of the management around here are the final proof that the Indians
fucked the buffalo.


To err is human -- but it feels divine.
		-- Mae West


Be open to other people -- they may enrich your dream.


It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you place the blame.


It's so beautifully arranged on the plate -- you know someone's fingers
have been all over it.
		-- Julia Child on nouvelle cuisine


18th Rule of Friendship:
	A friend will let you hold the ladder while he goes up on the roof
	to install your new aerial, which is the biggest son-of-a-bitch you
	ever saw.
		-- Esquire, May 1977


	A woman was in love with fourteen soldiers, it was clearly platoonic.


All life evolves by the differential survival of replicating entities.
		-- Richard Dawkins


Apathy Club meeting this Friday.
If you want to come, you're not invited.


We have no scorched earth policy.
We have a policy of scorched Communists.
		-- General Efrain Rios Montt, President of Guatemala, 1982


Bumper sticker:
	All the parts falling off this car are
	of the very finest British manufacture.


You can do very well in speculation where
land or anything to do with dirt is concerned.


<< WAIT >>


The Phone Booth Rule:
	A lone dime always gets the number nearly right.


QOTD:
	"I get girls because of who I am... a rapist."


Romance, like alcohol, should be enjoyed, but should not be allowed to
become necessary.
		-- Edgar Friedenberg


	The master programmer moves from program to program without fear.  No
change in management can harm him.  He will not be fired, even if the project
is canceled.  Why is this?  He is filled with the Tao.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


A new taste had been acquired and a new appetite began to grow.  The time
had long since arrived to crush the technical intelligentsia, which had
come to regard itself as too irreplaceable and had not gotten used to
catching instructions on the wing.  In other words, we never did trust
the engineers - and from the very first years of the Revolution we saw to
it that those lackeys and servants of former capitalist bosses were kept
in line by healthy suspicion and surveillance by the workers.
		-- Aleksandr I. Solzhenitsyn, "The Gulag Archipelago"


When I heated my home with oil, I used an average of 800 gallons a
year.  I have found that I can keep comfortably warm for an entire
winter with slightly over half that quantity of beer.
		-- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"


[FORTRAN] will persist for some time --
probably for at least the next decade.
		-- T. Cheatham


Without love intelligence is dangerous;
without intelligence love is not enough.
		-- Ashley Montagu


Priority:
	A statement of the importance of a user or a program.  Often
	expressed as a relative priority, indicating that the user doesn't
	care when the work is completed so long as he is treated less
	badly than someone else.


Vini, vidi, vici.
[I came, I saw, I conquered].
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar


	The Split-Atom Blues

Gimme Twinkies, gimme wine,
    Gimme jeans by Calvin Klein ...
But if you split those atoms fine,
    Mama keep 'em off those genes of mine!

Gimme zits, take my dough,
    Gimme arsenic in my jelly roll ...
Call the devil and sell my soul,
    But Mama keep dem atoms whole!
		-- Milo Bloom, "Bloom County"


Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
		-- A. H. Weiler


A journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance from Sam.


Dry fucking: that's man on top of woman, the action is the same as fucking,
but you're dressed.  It's great for the girl... you're hitting and rubbing
exactly the area that you ought to be... I still like that.
		-- Grace Slick


If you don't do it, you'll never know what
would have happened if you had done it.


There are two jazz musicians who are great buddies.  They hang out and play
together for years, virtually inseparable.  Unfortunately, one of them is
struck by a truck and killed.  About a week later his friend wakes up in
the middle of the night with a start because he can feel a presence in the
room.  He calls out, "Who's there?  Who's there?  What's going on?"
	"It's me -- Bob," replies a faraway voice.
	Excitedly he sits up in bed.  "Bob!  Bob!  Is that you?  Where are
you?"
	"Well," says the voice, "I'm in heaven now."
	"Heaven!  You're in heaven!  That's wonderful!  What's it like?"
	"It's great, man.  I gotta tell you, I'm jamming up here every day.
I'm playing with Bird, and 'Trane, and Count Basie drops in all the time!
Man it is smokin'!"
	"Oh, wow!" says his friend. "That sounds fantastic, tell me more,
tell me more!"
	"Let me put it this way," continues the voice.  "There's good news
and bad news.  The good news is that these guys are in top form.  I mean
I have *never* heard them sound better.  They are *wailing* up here."
	"The bad news is that God has this girlfriend that sings..."


I Don't Mind If You Lie to Me, As Long As I Ain't Lyin' Alone
I Wouldn't Take You to a Dog Fight Even If I Thought You Could Win
If You Leave Me, Walk Out Backwards So I'll Think You're Comin' In
Since You Learned to Lip-Sync, I'm At Your Disposal
My John Deere Was Breaking Your Field, While Your Dear John Was
	Breaking My Heart
Don't Cry, Little Darlin', You're Waterin' My Beer
Tennis Must Be Your Racket, 'Cause Love Means Nothin' to You
When You Say You Love Me, You're Full of Prunes, 'Cause Living
	With You Is the Pits
I Wanted Your Hand in Marriage but All I Got Was the Finger
		-- proposed Country-Western song titles from "Wordplay"


A woman is like a dresser ... some man always goin' through her
drawers.
		-- Blind Lemon Pledge


A Law of Computer Programming:
	Make it possible for programmers to write in English
	and you will find that programmers cannot write in English.


The young man-about-town enjoyed luxury but didn't always have the means
to buy it, and so he huffily walked out of the Miami Beach hotel when he
found out the charges for room, meals and golf privileges were $300 a day.
He registered across the street at an equally elegant hotel, where the
rates were only $70.  The following morning he went down to the hotel's
golf course and asked Scotty, the pro, to sell him a couple of golf balls.
"Sure," said Scotty.  "That'll be $25 apiece."
	"What?" screamed the bachelor.  "In the hotel across the street
they only charge $1 a ball!"
	"Naturally," replied the pro.  "Over there they get you by the
rooms."


Her figure described a set of parabolas that could cause cardiac arrest
in a yak.
		-- Woody Allen


The problem with graduate students, in general, is that they have
to sleep every few days.


   It is either through the influence of narcotic potions, of which all
primitive peoples and races speak in hymns, or through the powerful approach
of spring, penetrating with joy all of nature, that those Dionysian stirrings
arise, which in their intensification lead the individual to forget himself
completely. ... Not only does the bond between man and man come to be forged
once again by the magic of the Dionysian rite, but alienated, hostile, or
subjugated nature again celebrates her reconciliation with her prodigal son,
man.
		-- Fred Nietzsche, The Birth of Tragedy


Court, n.:
	A place where they dispense with justice.
		-- Arthur Train


Maiden, n.:
	A young person of the unfair sex addicted to clewless conduct and
	views that madden to crime.  The genus has a wide geographical
	distribution, being found wherever sought and deplored wherever found.
	The maiden is not altogether unpleasing to the eye, nor (without her
	piano and her views) insupportable to the ear, though in respect to
	comeliness distinctly inferior to the rainbow, and, with regard to
	the part of her that is audible, beaten out of the field by the
	canary -- which, also, is more portable.

Male, n.:
	A member of the unconsidered, or negligible sex.  The male of the
	human race is commonly known to the female as Mere Man.  The genus
	has two varieties:  good providers and bad providers.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


A hacker does for love what others would not do for money.


The cruelest of creatures' the crab
With claws that can pinch you or stab,
	And then when you dine
	On crab and white wine
It gets you as well with the tab.


I'd rather have fingers than toes,
I'd rather have ears than a nose,
	And a happy erection
	Brought just to perfection
Makes me terribly sad when it goes.


1 bulls, 3 cows.


To be is to be related.
		-- C. J. Keyser


Hideously disfigured by an ancient Indian curse?

		WE CAN HELP!

Call (511) 338-0959 for an immediate appointment.


Once Law was sitting on the bench
	And Mercy knelt a-weeping.
"Clear out!" he cried, "disordered wench!
	Nor come before me creeping.
Upon your knees if you appear,
'Tis plain you have no standing here."

Then Justice came.  His Honor cried:
	"YOUR states? -- Devil seize you!"
"Amica curiae," she replied --
	"Friend of the court, so please you."
"Begone!" he shouted -- "There's the door --
I never saw your face before!"
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Newman's Discovery:
	Your best dreams may not come true;
	fortunately, neither will your worst dreams.


We've got things well in hand.
		-- Master Byte Software, Los Gatos California


Don't accept rides from strange men -- and remember that all men
are strange as hell.
		-- Robin Morgan, "Sisterhood Is Powerful"


Cerebus:	I'd love to lick apricot brandy out of your navel.
Jaka:		Look, Cerebus -- Jaka has to tell you ... something
Cerebus:	If Cerebus had a navel, would you lick apricot brandy
		out of it?
Jaka:		Ugh!
Cerebus:	You don't like apricot brandy?
		-- Cerebus #6, "The Secret"


Gosh that takes me back... or is it forward?  That's the trouble with
time travel, you never can tell.
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who: Androids of Tara"


I consider a new device or technology to have been
culturally accepted when it has been used to commit a murder.
		-- M. Gallaher


I'm so miserable without you, it's almost like you're here.


Beware of low-flying butterflies.


If you are afraid of loneliness, don't marry.
		-- Anton Chekov


In the space of one hundred and seventy-six years the Mississippi has
shortened itself two hundred and forty-two miles.  Therefore ... in the Old
Silurian Period the Mississippi River was upward of one million three hundred
thousand miles long ... seven hundred and forty-two years from now the
Mississippi will be only a mile and three-quarters long.  ... There is
something fascinating about science.  One gets such wholesome returns of
conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact.
		-- Mark Twain


Weinberg, as a young grocery clerk, advised the grocery manager to get
rid of rutabagas which nobody every bought.  He did so. "Well, kid, that
was a great idea," said the manager. Then he paused and asked the killer
question, "NOW what's the least popular vegetable?"

Law: Once you eliminate your #1 problem, #2 gets a promotion.
		-- Gerald Weinberg, "The Secrets of Consulting"


I am the mother of all things, and all things should wear a sweater.


	"Well, it's a little rough... it might not be necessary to drag him 40
blocks.  Maybe just four.  You could put him in the trunk for the first 36
blocks, then haul him out and drag him the last four; that would certainly
scare the piss out of him, bumping alone the street, feeling all his skin being
ripped off..."
	"He'd be a bloody mess.  They might think he was just some drunk and
let him lie there all night."
	"Don't worry about that.  They have a guard station in front of the
White House that's open 24 hours a day.  The guards would recognize Colson...
and by that time of course his wife would have called the cops and reported
that a bunch of thugs had kidnapped him."
	"Wouldn't it be a little kinder if you drove about four more blocks
and stopped at a phone box to ring the hospital and say, 'Would you mind going
around to the front of the White House?  There's a naked man lying outside
in the street, bleeding to death...'"
	"... and we think it's Mr. Colson."
	"It would be quite a story for the newspapers, wouldn't it?"
	"Yeah, I think it's safe to say we'd see some headlines on that one."
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, talking to R. Steadman on C. Colson,
		   ex-Marine captain, now born again, of Watergate fame.


After repeatedly warding off her date's amorous advances during the evening,
the pretty young thing decided to put her foot down: "See here," she shouted
indignantly.  "This is positively the last time I'm going to tell you `no'."
	"Splendid!" exclaimed her date.  "Now we can start making some
progress."


The VFW represents many who died to give this country a second chance
to make it what it is supposed to be -- God's guest house on earth.
		-- John Wayne


	"Fantasies are free."
	"NO!! NO!! It's the thought police!!!!"


	"What do you give a man who has everything?" the pretty teenager
asked her mother.
	"Encouragement, dear," she replied.


There is a time in the tides of men,
Which, taken at its flood, leads on to success.
On the other hand, don't count on it.
		-- T. K. Lawson


Life being what it is, one dreams of revenge.
		-- Paul Gauguin


QOTD:
	"I'd drag my dick a mile over broken glass just to masturbate in
	her shadow!"


Life is not a cabaret.
It's a fucking circus.


Too Late
	A large number of turkies [sic] went to San Francisco yesterday by
the two o'clock boats.  If their object in going down was to participate in
the Thanksgiving festivities of that city, they would arrive "the day after
the affair," and of course be sadly disappointed thereby.
		-- Sacramento Daily Union, November 29, 1861


I'm a gay man trapped in a lesbian's body!
		-- The Queer Gospels of Madonna the Sloppily Conceived


	The FIELD GUIDE to NORTH AMERICAN MALES

SPECIES:	Cranial Males
SUBSPECIES:	The Hacker (homo computatis)
Courtship & Mating:
	Due to extreme deprivation, HOMO COMPUTATIS maintains a near perpetual
	state of sexual readiness.  Courtship behavior alternates between
	awkward shyness and abrupt advances.  When he finally mates, he
	chooses a female engineer with an unblinking stare, a tight mouth, and
	a complete collection of Campbell's soup-can recipes.
Track:
	Trash cans full of pale green and white perforated paper and old
	copies of the Allen-Bradley catalog.
Comments:
	Extremely fond of bad puns and jokes that need long explanations.


	"The pyramid is opening!"
	"Which one?"
	"The one with the ever-widening hole in it!"
		-- The Firesign Theatre,
		   "How Can You Be In Two Places At
		   Once When You're Not Anywhere At All"


Like all young men, you greatly exaggerate
the difference between one young woman and another.
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "Major Barbara"


It is explained that all relationships require a little give and take.  This
is untrue.  Any partnership demands that we give and give and give and at the
last, as we flop into our graves exhausted, we are told that we didn't give
enough.
		-- Quentin Crisp, "How to Become a Virgin"


FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #23

	Don't cut off a police car when making an illegal U-turn.


All that glitters is not gold; all that wander are not lost.


I don't know why women get so upset, they have half the
money and all the pussy.
		-- Gary Bussy, "DC Cab"


Then there was the Scot that wanted to rob a jewelry store -- he tossed a
brick through the show window and ran off with a king's ransom.  They
caught him when he came back for the brick.


Tim and I a hunting went
We found three damsels in a tent,
As they were three, and we were two,
I bucked one and Timbuktu.
		-- the only known poem using the word "Timbuktu"


A Hollywood producer calls a friend, another producer on the phone.
	"Hello?" his friend answers.
	"Hi!" says the man.  "This is Bob, how are you doing?"
	"Oh," says the friend, "I'm doing great!  I just sold a screenplay
for two hundred thousand dollars.  I've started a novel adaptation and the
studio advanced me fifty thousand dollars on it.  I also have a television
series coming on next week, and everyone says it's going to be a big hit!
I'm doing *great*!  How are you?"
	"Okay," says the producer, "give me a call when he leaves."


A celebrity is a person who is known for his well-knownness.


	People who claim to know jackrabbits will tell you they are primarily
motivated by Fear, Stupidity and Craziness.  But I have spent enough time in
jackrabbit country to know that most of them lead pretty dull lives; they are
bored with their daily routines:  eat, fuck, sleep, hop around a bush now and
then... No wonder some of them drift over the line into cheap thrills once in
a while; there has to be a powerful adrenaline rush in crouching by the side of
a road, waiting for the next set of headlights to come along, then streaking
out of the bushes with split-second timing and making it across to the other
side just inches in front of the speeding front wheels.
	Why not?  Anything that gets the adrenaline moving like a 440 volt
blast in a copper bathtub is good for the reflexes and keeps the veins free
of cholesterol ...  but too many adrenaline rushes in any given time-span has
the same bad effect on the nervous system as too many electro-shock treatments
are said to have on the brain:  after a while you start burning out the
circuits.
	When a jackrabbit gets addicted to road running, it is only a matter
of time before he gets smashed -- and when a journalist turns into a politics
junkie he will sooner or later start raving and babbling in print about things
that only a person who has Been There can possibly understand.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing:
		   On the Campaign Trail"


Bell Labs Unix -- Reach out and grep someone.


When one woman was asked how long she had been going to symphony concerts,
she paused to calculate and replied, "Forty-seven years -- and I find I mind
it less and less."
		-- Louise Andrews Kent


Staff meeting in the conference room in 3 minutes.


The difference between us is not very far,
cruising for burgers in daddy's new car.


The intelligence of any discussion diminishes with the square of the
number of participants.
		-- Adam Walinsky


My godda bless, never I see sucha people.
		-- Signor Piozzi, quoted by Cecilia Thrale


If you want to be ruined, marry a rich woman.
		-- Michelet


Wanna buy a duck?


Performance:
	A statement of the speed at which a computer system works.  Or
	rather, might work under certain circumstances.  Or was rumored
	to be working over in Jersey about a month ago.


Mum's the word.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


I never met a man I didn't want to fight.
		-- Lyle Alzado, professional football lineman


System restarting, wait...


In a recent survey on why some men are homosexual, 82 percent of the gay
chaps responding said that either genetics or home environment was the
principal factor.  The remaining 18 percent revealed that they had been
sucked into it.


Robot, n.:
	Someone who's been made by a scientist.


Psychics will soon lead dogs to your body.


A Catholic and a Methodist were carpooling to work one morning, when a brick
fell out of the sky, which startled the driver and caused him to swerve off
the road and into a telephone pole, totaling the car.
	The two stumbled out of the wreckage, both feeling quite fortunate
to be alive.  The Catholic crossed himself.  Then the Protestant crossed
himself in an accentuated manner.
	"Hey," said the Catholic, "Why did you cross yourself, you're not
Catholic!"
	"Just checking," replied his friend, crossing himself again,
"spectacles, testicles, wallet, pen."


Hindsight is always 20:20.
		-- Billy Wilder


Biggest security gap -- an open mouth.


Rule of Feline Frustration:
	When your cat has fallen asleep on your lap and looks utterly
	content and adorable, you will suddenly have to go to the
	bathroom.


Per buck you get more computing action with the small computer.
		-- R. W. Hamming


They went rushing down that freeway,
Messed around and got lost.
They didn't care... they were just dying to get off,
And it was life in the fast lane.
		-- Eagles, "Life in the Fast Lane"


Don't worry about avoiding temptation -- as you grow older, it starts
avoiding you.
		-- The Old Farmer's Almanac


Joe sat as his dying wife's bedside.
Her voice was little more than a whisper.
	"Joe, darling," she breathed, "I've got a confession to make
before I go.  I ... I'm the one who took the $10,000 from your safe...
I spent it on a fling with your best friend, Charles.  And it was I who
forced your mistress to leave the city.  And I am the one who reported
your income-tax evasion to the I.R.S..."
	"That's all right, dearest, don't give it a second thought,"
whispered Joe. "I'm the one who poisoned you."


Trying to establish voice contact ... please _y_e_l_l into keyboard.


Adolescence, n.:
	The stage between puberty and adultery.


Ye've also got to remember that ... respectable people do the most
astonishin' things to preserve their respectability.  Thank God
I'm not respectable.
		-- Ruthven Campbell Todd


It is dangerous for a national candidate to say things that people might
remember.
		-- Eugene McCarthy


Largest Number of Driving Test Failures
	By April 1970 Mrs. Miriam Hargrave had failed her test thirty-nine
times.  In the eight preceding years she had received two hundred and
twelve driving lessons at a cost of L300.  She set the new record while
driving triumphantly through a set of red traffic lights in Wakefield,
Yorkshire.  Disappointingly, she passed at the fortieth attempt (3 August
1970) but eight years later she showed some of her old magic when she was
reported as saying that she still didn't like doing right-hand turns.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


A real friend isn't someone you use once and then throw away.
A real friend is someone you can use over and over again.


The opposite of talking isn't listening.  The opposite of talking is
waiting.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


We must die because we have known them.
		-- Ptah-hotep, 2000 B.C.


Life is not a cabaret.
It's a fucking circus.


If it ain't broke, don't fix it.


Who dat who say "who dat" when I say "who dat"?
		-- Hattie McDaniel


Q:	Why is Poland just like the United States?
A:	In the United States you can't buy anything for zlotys and in
	Poland you can't either, while in the U.S. you can get whatever
	you want for dollars, just as you can in Poland.
		-- being told in Poland, 1987


In my experience, if you have to keep the lavatory door shut by extending
your left leg, it's modern architecture.
		-- Nancy Banks Smith


Long were the days of pain I have spent within its walls, and
long were the nights of aloneness; and who can depart from his
pain and his aloneness without regret?
		-- Kahlil Gibran, "The Prophet"


DALLAS:
	The city that chose Astroturf to
	keep the cheerleaders from grazing.


If you can survive death, you can probably survive anything.


I distrust a man who says when.  If he's got to be careful not to drink
too much, it's because he's not to be trusted when he does.
		-- Sidney Greenstreet, "The Maltese Falcon"


Life sucks, but death doesn't put out at all.
		-- Thomas J. Kopp


At any given moment, an arrow must be either where it is or where it is
not.  But obviously it cannot be where it is not.  And if it is where
it is, that is equivalent to saying that it is at rest.
		-- Zeno's paradox of the moving (still?) arrow


Total strangers need love, too; and I'm stranger than most.


We're deep into the holiday gift-giving season, as you can tell from
the fact that everywhere you look, you see jolly old St. Nick urging
you to purchase things, to the point where you want to slug him right
in his bowl full of jelly.
		-- Dave Barry, "Simple, Homespun Gifts"


If you make a mistake you right it
immediately to the best of your ability.


(6)	Men employees will be given time off each week for courting
	purposes, or two evenings a week if they go regularly to church.
(7)	After an employee has spent his thirteen hours of labor in the
	office, he should spend the remaining time reading the Bible
	and other good books.
(8)	Every employee should lay aside from each pay packet a goodly
	sum of his earnings for his benefit during his declining years,
	so that he will not become a burden on society or his betters.
(9)	Any employee who smokes Spanish cigars, uses alcoholic drink
	in any form, frequents pool tables and public halls, or gets
	shaved in a barber's shop, will give me good reason to suspect
	his worth, intentions, integrity and honesty.
(10)	The employee who has performed his labours faithfully and
	without a fault for five years, will be given an increase of
	five cents per day in his pay, providing profits from the
	business permit it.
		-- "Office Worker's Guide", New England Carriage
		    Works, 1872


The chief enemy of creativity is "good" sense.
		-- Picasso


You can have peace.  Or you can have freedom.
Don't ever count on having both at once.
		-- Lazarus Long


The trouble with opportunity is that it
always comes disguised as hard work.
		-- Herbert V. Prochnow


Taxes are going up so fast, the government is likely to price itself
out of the market.


I asked a teacher what the opposite of a miracle was and she, without
thinking, I assume, said it was an act of God.
			-- Terry Prachett (Daily Mail 21 june 2008)


Who cares if it doesn't do anything?  It was made with
our new Triple-Iso-Bifurcated-Krypton-Gate-MOS process...


You are destined to become the commandant of the
fighting men of the department of transportation.


Many a town that didn't have enough work to support a single lawyer
can easily support two or more.


Nobody knows what goes between his cold toes and his warm ears.
		-- Roy Harper


LIFE:
	Learning about people the hard way -- by being one.


We'll pivot at warp 2 and bring all tubes to bear, Mr. Sulu!


Half the posts to this group are about masturbation and the other half
are about penis size.  And what I want to know is, if all you're doing
is jerking off, why do you care how big it is?
		-- From alt.sex


Higgins:	Doolittle, you're either an honest man or a rogue.
Doolittle:	A little of both, Guv'nor.  Like the rest of us, a
		little of both.
		-- Shaw, "Pygmalion"


Q:	How do you shoot a blue elephant?
A:	With a blue-elephant gun.

Q:	How do you shoot a pink elephant?
A:	Twist its trunk until it turns blue, then shoot it with
	a blue-elephant gun.


Speed is subsittute fo accurancy.


OCEAN:
	A body of water occupying about two-thirds
	of a world made for man -- who has no gills.


The trouble with the rat-race is that even if you win, you're still a rat.
		-- Lily Tomlin


68:
	Do me now and I'll owe you one.


Resisting temptation is easier when you
think you'll probably get another chance later on.


History shows that the human mind, fed by constant accessions of knowledge,
periodically grows too large for its theoretical coverings, and bursts them
asunder to appear in new habiliments, as the feeding and growing grub, at
intervals, casts its too narrow skin and assumes another...  Truly the imago
state of Man seems to be terribly distant, but every moult is a step gained.
		-- Charles Darwin, from "Origin of the Species"


	One evening he spoke.  Sitting at her feet, his face raised to her,
he allowed his soul to be heard.  "My darling, anything you wish, anything
I am, anything I can ever be...  That's what I want to offer you -- not the
things I'll get for you, but the thing in me that will make me able to get
them.  That thing -- a man can't renounce it -- but I want to renounce it --
so that it will be yours -- so that it will be in your service -- only for
you."
	The girl smiled and asked: "Do you think I'm prettier than Maggie
Kelly?"
	He got up.  He said nothing and walked out of the house.  He never
saw that girl again.  Gail Wynand, who prided himself on never needing a
lesson twice, did not fall in love again in the years that followed.
		-- Ayn Rand, "The Fountainhead"


What is a magician but a practicing theorist?
		-- Obi-Wan Kenobi


HEAD CRASH!!  FILES LOST!!
Details at 11.


Important letters which contain no errors will develop errors in the
mail.  Corresponding errors will show up in the duplicate while the
Boss is reading it.


An engineer, a physicist and a mathematician find themselves in an
anecdote, indeed an anecdote quite similar to many that you have no doubt
already heard.  After some observations and rough calculations the
engineer realizes the situation and starts laughing.  A few minutes later
the physicist understands too and chuckles to himself happily as he now
has enough experimental evidence to publish a paper.  This leaves the
mathematician somewhat perplexed, as he had observed right away that he
was the subject of an anecdote, and deduced quite rapidly the presence of
humour from similar anecdotes, but considers this anecdote to be too
trivial a corollary to be significant, let alone funny.


Love is the desire to prostitute oneself.  There is, indeed, no exalted
pleasure that cannot be related to prostitution.
		-- Charles Baudelaire


If a system is administered wisely,
its users will be content.
They enjoy hacking their code
and don't waste time implementing
labor-saving shell scripts.
Since they dearly love their accounts,
they aren't interested in other machines.
There may be telnet, rlogin, and ftp,
but these don't access any hosts.
There may be an arsenal of cracks and malware,
but nobody ever uses them.
People enjoy reading their mail,
take pleasure in being with their newsgroups,
spend weekends working at their terminals,
delight in the doings at the site.
And even though the next system is so close
that users can hear its key clicks and biff beeps,
they are content to die of old age
without ever having gone to see it.


Crime does not pay... as well as politics.
		-- A. E. Neuman


