The lawgiver, of all beings, most owes the law allegiance.  He of all men
should behave as though the law compelled him.  But it is the universal
weakness of mankind that what we are given to administer we presently imagine
we own.
		-- H. G. Wells


This must be morning.  I never could get the hang of mornings.


Dear Abby:
	I have two brothers.  One was sent to the electric chair when I was
a child.  My mother died in an insane asylum.  My father is a pimp and my
sister is a very successful and highly paid prostitute.  My other brother
is a graduate student attending Purdue University.
	Recently I met a wonderful girl who has just been released from prison
for murdering her illegitimate child with a Zip-loc sandwich bag.  We're very
much in love and want to be married after her venereal disease is cured.
	My problem is this: should I tell her about my brother at Purdue?

		Sincerely,
		Undecided.


Two friends, an Italian boy and a Jewish boy, come of age at the same time.
The Italian boy's father presents him with a brand-new pistol.  On the other
side of town, at his Bar Mitzvah, the Jewish boy receives a beautiful gold
watch.
	The next day, in school, the two boys are showing each other what
they got.  It turns out that each boy likes the other's present better, and
so they trade.
	That night, the Italian boy is at home and his father sees him
looking at his new watch.  "Where did you getta thatta watch?" he asks.
	The boy explains the trade, and the father blows his top.  "Whatta
you?  Stupidda boy?  Whatsa matta you!"
	"Somma day, you maybe gonna getta married.  Then maybe somma day
you gonna comma home and finda you wife inna bed with another man.  Whatta
you gonna do then?  Looka atta you watch and say, `How longa you gonna be?'"


Bozo is the Brotherhood of Zips and Others.  Bozos are people who band
together for fun and profit.  They have no jobs.  Anybody who goes on a
tour is a Bozo. Why does a Bozo cross the street?  Because there's a Bozo
on the other side. It comes from the phrase vos otros, meaning others.
They're the huge, fat, middle waist.  The archetype is an Irish drunk
clown with red hair and nose, and pale skin.  Fields, William Bendix.
Everybody tends to drift toward Bozoness.  It has Oz in it.  They mean
well.  They're straight-looking except they've got inflatable shoes.  They
like their comforts.  The Bozos have learned to enjoy their free time,
which is all the time.
		-- The Firesign Theatre, "If Bees Lived Inside Your Head"


In the eyes of my dog, I'm a man.
		-- Martin Mull


While away at a convention, an executive happened to meet a young woman who
was pretty, chic, and intelligent.  When he persuaded her to disrobe in his
hotel room, he found out she had a superb body as well.  Unfortunately, as
will happen, the executive sadly found himself unable to perform.
	On his first night home, the executive padded naked from the shower
into the bedroom to find his wife swathed in a rumpled bathrobe, her hair
curled, her face creamed, munching candy loudly as she pored through a movie
magazine.  And then, without warning, he felt the onset of a magnificent
erection.
	Looking down at his throbbing member, he snarled, "Why you ungrateful,
mixed-up, son-of-a-bitch!  Now I know why they call you a prick!"


LETTERS TO THE EDITOR (The Times of London)

Dear Sir,

I am firmly opposed to the spread of microchips either to the home or
to the office.  We have more than enough of them foisted upon us in
public places.  They are a disgusting Americanism, and can only result
in the farmers being forced to grow smaller potatoes, which in turn
will cause massive unemployment in the already severely depressed
agricultural industry.

Yours faithfully,
	Capt. Quinton D'Arcy, J. P.
	Sevenoaks


If you refuse to accept anything but the best you very often get it.


For the sores on his prick he used Dial.
That failed; he gave Lava a trial.
	But the one remedy
	For contagious V.D.
Is the wonder drug sulfa-denial.


A Chicago salesman was about to check into a St. Louis hotel when he noticed
a very charming woman staring admiringly at him.  He walked over and spoke
with her for a few minutes, then returned to the front desk, where they checked
in as Mr. and Mrs.
	After a very pleasurable three-day stay, the man approached the front
desk and told the clerk he was checking out.  In a few minutes, he was handed
a bill for $2500.
	"There must be some mistake," the salesman said.  "I've been here for
only three days."
	"Yes, sir," the clerk replied.  "But your wife has been here a month
and a half."


A modest woman, dressed out in all her finery,
is the most tremendous object in the whole creation.
		-- Goldsmith


Associate with well-mannered persons and your manners will improve.  Run
with decent folk and your own decent instincts will be strengthened.  Keep
the company of bums and you will become a bum.  Hang around with rich people
and you will end by picking up the check and dying broke.
		-- Stanley Walker


All men are mortal.  Socrates was mortal.  Therefore, all men are
Socrates.
		-- Woody Allen


Silence is the only virtue you have left.


A likely impossibility is always preferable to an unconvincing possibility.
		-- Aristotle


He played the king as if afraid someone else would play the ace.
		-- John Mason Brown, drama critic


If you would understand your own age, read the works
of fiction produced in it.  People in disguise speak freely.


Mankind is poised midway between the gods and the beasts.
		-- Plotinus


If you love someone, set them free.
If they don't come back, then call them up when you're drunk.


You will be a winner today.  Pick a fight with a four-year-old.


Bondage, or as the French call it, ligottage, is the gentle art of tying up
your sex partner --- not to overcome reluctance but to boost orgasm.  It's
one unscheduled sex technique which a lot of people find extremely exciting
but are scared to try, and a venerable human resource for increasing sexual
feeling, partly because it's a harmless expression of sexual aggression --
something we badly need, our culture being very uptight about it -- and more
because of its physical affects: slow orgasm when unable to move is a
mind-blowing experience for anyone not too frightened of their own aggressive
self to try it.
		-- The Joy of Sex


	All I really need to know about how to live and what to do and
how to be I learned in kindergarten.  Wisdom was not at the top of the
graduate-school mountain, but there in the sandpile at Sunday School.
These are the things I learned:
	Share everything.
	Play fair.
	Don't hit people.
	Put things back where you found them.
	Clean up your own mess.
	Don't take things that aren't yours.
	Say you're sorry when you hurt someone.
	Wash your hands before you eat.
	Flush.
	Warm cookies and cold milk are good for you.
	Live a balanced life -- learn some and think some and draw and
paint and sing and dance and play and work every day some.
	Take a nap every afternoon.
	When you go out into the world, watch for traffic, hold hands,
and stick together.
	Be aware of wonder.  Remember the little seed in the Styrofoam
cup:  The roots go down and the plant goes up and nobody really knows
how or why, but we are all like that.
	Goldfish and hamsters and white mice and even the little seed in
the Styrofoam cup -- they all die.  So do we.
	And then remember the Dick-and-Jane books and the first word you
learned -- the biggest word of all -- LOOK.
	Everything you need to know is in there somewhere.  The Golden
Rule and love and basic sanitation.  Ecology and politics and equality
and sane living.
	[...] Think what a better world it would be if we all -- the
whole world -- had cookies and milk about three o'clock every afternoon
and then lay down with our blankets for a nap.  Or if all governments
had as a basic policy to always put things back where they found them
and to clean up their own mess.
	And it is still true, no matter how old you are -- when you go
out into the world, it is best to hold hands and stick together.
		-- Robert Fulghum, "All I Ever Really Needed to Know
		   I Learned in Kindergarten"


It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.
		-- Roger Babson


No character, however upright, is a match for
constantly reiterated attacks, however false.
		-- Alexander Hamilton


Some men are discovered; others are found out.


Turn on, tune in, and take over.
		-- Tim Leary


The camel died quite suddenly on the second day, and Selena fretted
sullenly and, buffing her already impeccable nails -- not for the first
time since the journey began -- pondered snidely if this would dissolve
into a vignette of minor inconveniences like all the other holidays spent
with Basil.
		-- Winning sentence, 1983 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest


QOTD:
	"I am not sure what this is, but an `F' would only dignify it."


The Illiterati Programus Canto 1:
	A program is a lot like a nose:
	Sometimes it runs, and sometimes it blows.


There are a couple of things about her I greatly admire.


Chorus:
	I don't want to join the army, I don't want to go to war,
	I'd rather sit around, pickin' dillies off the ground,
	And livin' off the favors of an 'igh-born lady.
	I don't want a bullet up me arse 'ole,
	I don't want me pecker blown away,
	I'd rather live in England, in jolly, sunny, England,
	And fornicate me bloody life away!!

Monday I touched her on the ankle,
Tuesday I touched her on the knee,
And Wednesday after Mass, I lifted up her dress,
And Thursday I saw you know what,
Friday I put me 'and upon it,
Saturday she gave me balls a tweak [tweak, tweak]
And Sunday after supper, I ran me fucker up 'er,
And now she pays me forty quid a week!
Oh, blimey...

[chorus]


My soul is crushed, my spirit sore
I do not like me anymore,
I cavil, quarrel, grumble, grouse,
I ponder on the narrow house
I shudder at the thought of men
I'm due to fall in love again.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Enough Rope"


RADIO SHACK LEVEL II BASIC
READY
>_


If everybody minded their own business, the world would go
around a deal faster.
		-- The Duchess; Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


Getting Cheryl to shed her apparel
Is like shooting goldfish in a barrel.
	But her genital area
	Is so vast it'll scareya,
And you venture inside at your peril.


Two men are in a hot-air balloon.  Soon, they find themselves lost in a
canyon somewhere.  One of the three men says, "I've got an idea.  We can
call for help in this canyon and the echo will carry our voices to the
end of the canyon.  Someone's bound to hear us by then!"
	So he leans over the basket and screams out, "Helllloooooo!  Where
are we?"  (They hear the echo several times).
	Fifteen minutes later, they hear this echoing voice: "Helllloooooo!
You're lost!"
	The shouter comments, "That must have been a mathematician."
	Puzzled, his friend asks, "Why do you say that?"
	"For three reasons.  First, he took a long time to answer, second,
he was absolutely correct, and, third, his answer was absolutely useless."


Do you realize the responsibility I carry?  I'm the only person standing
between Nixon and the White House.
		-- John F. Kennedy, in 1960


Why is Mrs. Carter always on top when she and Jimmy make love?
Because all Jimmy Carter can do is fuck up.


He who hesitates is last.


Don't knock masturbation -- it's sex with someone I love.
		-- Woody Allen


I BET WHEN NEANDERTHAL KIDS would make a snowman, someone would always
end up saying, "Don't forget the thick heavy brows."  Then they would get
embarrassed because they remembered they had the big hunky brows too, and
they'd get mad and eat the snowman.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


If you know the answer to a question, don't ask.
		-- Petersen Nesbit


This hot and dusty cowboy rode in from the mesa, filthy and exhausted.  He
obviously had had nothing but his horse for company for a couple of weeks
and was looking forward to a couple of cold beers in the saloon.  Swinging
off his horse and hitching it to the rail, the cowboy gave his horse an
affectionate slap on the neck.  Then he astonished an old cowhand lounging
on the porch by moving around to the horse's hindquarters, lifting up its
tail and planting a demure kiss on its asshole.
	"What'd you do that for?" asked the cowhand, completely repulsed.
	"Chapped lips," said the cowboy, heading for the saloon doors.
	"Wait a minute," said the old guy.  "Whaddaya mean, chapped lips?"
	"Keeps ya from lickin' 'em," explained the cowboy.


I know what you're thinking -- "Did he fire six shots or only five?"
Well, to tell you the truth, in all the excitement, I kind of lost track
myself.  But being this is a .44 Magnum, the most powerful handgun in the
world, and would blow your head clean off, you've got to ask yourself
one question: "Do I feel lucky?"  Well, do you, punk?
		-- Harry Callahan, badge #2211


You never gain something but that you lose something.
		-- Thoreau


Large cats can be dangerous, but a little pussy never hurt anyone.


Lobster:
  Everyone loves these delectable crustaceans, but many cooks are squeamish
  about placing them into boiling water alive, which is the only proper
  method of preparing them.  Frankly, the easiest way to eliminate your
  guilt is to establish theirs by putting them on trial before they're
  cooked.  The fact is, lobsters are among the most ferocious predators on
  the sea floor, and you're helping reduce crime in the reefs.  Grasp the
  lobster behind the head, look it right in its unmistakably guilty
  eyestalks and say, "Where were you on the night of the 21st?", then
  flourish a picture of a scallop or a sole and shout, "Perhaps this will
  refresh that crude neural apparatus you call a memory!"  The lobster will
  squirm noticeably.  It may even take a swipe at you with one of its claws.
  Incorrigible.  Pop it into the pot.  Justice has been served, and shortly
  you and your friends will be, too.
		-- Dave Barry, Cooking: The Art of Turning Appliances
			and Utensils into Excuses and Apologies


This is the theory that Jack built.
This is the flaw that lay in the theory that Jack built.
This is the palpable verbal haze that hid the flaw that lay in...


Have a nice day!


"It's easier said than done."

... and if you don't believe it, try proving that it's easier done than
said, and you'll see that "it's easier said that `it's easier done than
said' than it is done", which really proves that "it's easier said than
done".


When the cup is full, carry it level.


I don't care for the Sugar Smacks commercial.  I don't like the idea of
a frog jumping on my Breakfast.
		-- Lowell, Chicago Reader 10/15/82


We're happy little Vegemites,
	As bright as bright can be.
We all enjoy our Vegemite
	For breakfast, lunch and tea.


	All he did was take the ball and run every time they called his
number -- which came to be more and more often, and in the Super Bowl Thomas
was the whole show.  But the season is now over; the purse is safe in the
vault; and Duane Thomas is facing two to twenty for possession.  Nobody really
expects him to serve time, but nobody seems to think he'll be playing for
Dallas next year either, and a few sporting people who claim to know how the
NFL works say he won't be playing for ANYBODY next year; that the Commissioner
is outraged at this mockery of all those Government-sponsored "Beware of Dope"
TV shots that dressed up the screen last autumn.
	We all enjoyed those spots, but not everyone found them convincing.
Here was a White House directive saying several million dollars would be spent
to drill dozens of Name Players to stare at the camera and try to stop grinding
their teeth long enough to say they hate drugs of any kind... and then the best
running back in the world turns out to be a goddamn uncontrollable drugsucker.
	But not for long.  There is not much room for freaks in the National
Football League.  Joe Namath was saved by the simple blind luck of getting
drafted by a team in New York City, a place where social outlaws are not
always viewed as criminals.  But Namath would have had a very different trip
if he'd been drafted by the St. Louis Cardinals.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


[Prime Minister Joseph] Chamberlain loves
the working man, he loves to see him work.
		-- Winston Churchill


Useful Farsi phrases for Americans traveling to Iran:

AKBAR KHALI-KILI HAFTIR LOTFAN.
	Thank you for showing me your marvelous gun.

FEKR GABUL CARDAN DAVAT PAEH GUSH DIVAR.
	I am delighted to accept your kind invitation to lie down
	on the floor with my arms above my head and my legs apart.

SHOMAEH FEKR TAMOMEH QEH GOFTEH BANDE.
	I agree with everything you have ever said or thought in your life.


Jesus Saves,
Moses Invests,
But only Buddha pays Dividends.


When users see one GUI as beautiful,
other user interfaces become ugly.
When users see some programs as winners,
other programs become lossage.

Pointers and NULLs reference each other.
High level and assembler depend on each other.
Double and float cast to each other.
High-endian and low-endian define each other.
While and until follow each other.

Therefore the Guru
programs without doing anything
and teaches without saying anything.
Warnings arise and he lets them come;
processes are swapped and he lets them go.
He has but doesn't possess,
acts but doesn't expect.
When his work is done, he deletes it.
That is why it lasts forever.


Give me the avowed, the erect, the manly foe,
Bold I can meet -- perhaps may turn his blow!
But of all plagues, good Heaven, thy wrath can send,
Save me, oh save me from the candid friend.
		-- George Canning


Man is by nature a political animal.
		-- Aristotle


Never trust a computer you can't repair yourself.


* * * * * THIS TERMINAL IS IN USE * * * * *


Young men think old men are fools;
but old men know young men are fools.
		-- George Chapman


	Phil [Record] was known as the Hat because he always wore a felt
snap brim.  It was the standard uniform for police reporters, for one
reason: it made it easier for them to pass themselves off as detectives.
We had an informal code of ethics then; we never lied about who we were.
But if people mistook us for the police, that was their problem, not ours.
If they thought they were giving confidential information to an investigator,
well, that was their problem, too.  As we understood the First Amendment,
everyone had a right to talk to the _Star-Telegram_, even if they didn't
know they were talking to the _Star-Telegram_.
		-- Bob Schieffer, "This Just In"


The only two things that motivate me and that matter to me are revenge
and guilt.
		-- Elvis Costello


Under the wide and heavy VAX
Dig my grave and let me relax
Long have I lived, and many my hacks
And I lay me down with a will.
These be the words that tell the way:
"Here he lies who piped 64K,
Brought down the machine for nearly a day,
And Rogue playing to an awful standstill."


Mathematicians do it in theory.


It's not against any religion to want to dispose of a pigeon.
		-- Tom Lehrer


As long as there are ill-defined goals, bizarre bugs, and unrealistic
schedules, there will be Real Programmers willing to jump in and Solve
The Problem, saving the documentation for later.


You just know when a relationship is about to end.  My girlfriend called me
at work and asked me how you change a lightbulb in the bathroom.  "It's very
simple," I said. "You start by filling up the bathtub with water..."


I'd love to go out with you, but the man on television told me to stay
tuned.


Even a man who is pure at heart,
And says his prayers at night
Can become a wolf when the wolfbane blooms,
And the moon is full and bright.
		-- The Wolf Man, 1941


GEMINI (May 21 - June 20)
	A day to take the initiative.  Put the garbage out, for
	instance, and pick up the stuff at the dry cleaners.  Watch
	the mail carefully, although there won't be anything good
	in it today, either.


We have ears, earther...FOUR OF THEM!


There appears before you a threatening figure clad all over in heavy black
armor.  His legs seem like the massive trunk of the oak tree.  His broad
shoulders and helmeted head loom high over your own puny frame and you
realize that his powerful arms could easily crush the very life from your
body.  There hangs from his belt a veritable arsenal of deadly weapons:
sword, mace, ball and chain, dagger, lance, and trident.
He speaks with a commanding voice:

		"YOU SHALL NOT PASS"

As he grabs you by the neck all grows dim about you.


Davis's Dictum:
	Problems that go away by themselves, come back by themselves.


Beware of a tall dark man with a spoon up his nose.


I'm really enjoying not talking to you...
Let's not talk again REAL soon...


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #6

RAZORBACK:			Paul Harbride, 1984, 2 hours 25 min.
	One of the great Australian films of the early 1980's,
	and arguably the best movie ever made about a large,
	man-eating hog.  Some violence.  With Gregory Harrison.


[Norm returns from the hospital.]

Coach:  What's up, Norm?
Norm:   Everything that's supposed to be.
		-- Cheers, Diane Meets Mom

Sam:	What's new, Normie?
Norm:	Terrorists, Sam.  They've taken over my stomach.
	They're demanding beer.
		-- Cheers, The Heart is a Lonely Snipehunter

Coach: What'll it be, Normie?
Norm:  Just the usual, Coach.  I'll have a froth of beer and a snorkel.
		-- Cheers, King of the Hill


Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	Are you sure you're telling the truth?  Think hard.
	Does it make you happy to know you're sending me to an early grave?
	If all your friends jumped off the cliff, would you jump too?
	Do you feel bad?  How do you think I feel?
	Aren't you ashamed of yourself?
	Don't you know any better?
	How could you be so stupid?
	If that's the worst pain you'll ever feel, you should be thankful.
	You can't fool me.  I know what you're thinking.
	If you can't say anything nice, say nothing at all.


A man is driving down the road on his way to Salerno.  By the roadside he
sees a man hitchhiking and stops to pick him up.  As the man gets into his
car he suddenly pulls out a gun and makes the driver get out of the car.
	"All right, buddy," says the man, "I want to you jerk off."
	"What!?" says the man, disbelievingly.
	"Go ahead, do it!" says the hitchhiker.
	So the driver masturbates, and when he is through, says, "All right,
I did what you wanted, can I go now?"
	"Nope," says the hijacker.  "Do it again."
	"Again?" the driver exclaims.  "I just did it."
	"Do it again."
	It takes a little longer this time, but he manages to come again.
Panting, he turns to his tormenter and again asks if he can leave.
	"Yes," the man replies, "but only after you've done it one more
time."
	The guy is really scared now; he's starting to sweat.  It takes him
twenty minutes, this time, but he finally comes a third time.
	"Listen, buddy, can I please leave now?"
	"Yeah," says the man, lowering his gun.  "And this is my daughter;
I want you to drive her into Salerno."


No matter what other nations may say about the United States,
immigration is still the sincerest form of flattery.


Words must be weighed, not counted.


I used to work in a fire hydrant factory.  You couldn't park anywhere near
the place.
		-- Steven Wright


But the greatest Electrical Pioneer of them all was Thomas Edison, who
was a brilliant inventor despite the fact that he had little formal
education and lived in New Jersey.  Edison's first major invention in
1877, was the phonograph, which could soon be found in thousands of
American homes, where it basically sat until 1923, when the record was
invented.  But Edison's greatest achievement came in 1879, when he
invented the electric company.  Edison's design was a brilliant
adaptation of the simple electrical circuit: the electric company sends
electricity through a wire to a customer, then immediately gets the
electricity back through another wire, then (this is the brilliant
part) sends it right back to the customer again.

This means that an electric company can sell a customer the same batch
of electricity thousands of times a day and never get caught, since
very few customers take the time to examine their electricity closely.
In fact the last year any new electricity was generated in the United
States was 1937; the electric companies have been merely re-selling it
ever since, which is why they have so much free time to apply for rate
increases.
		-- Dave Barry, "What is Electricity?"


The mark of the immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause,
while the mark of a mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one.
		-- Wilhelm Stekel


Blood is thicker than water, and much tastier.


The course of true anything never does run smooth.
		-- Samuel Butler


The broad mass of a nation... will more easily
fall victim to a big lie than to a small one.
		-- Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf"


The way to a man's stomach is through his esophagus.


Overflow on /dev/null: please empty the bit bucket.


The Czechs announced after Sputnik that they, too, would launch
a satellite.  Of course, it would orbit Sputnik, not Earth!


Be sure to evaluate the bird-hand/bush ratio.


You can fool some of the people all of the time and all
of the people some of the time, but you can never fool your Mom.


Chorus:
	Grandma got run over by a reindeer,
	Walking home from our house Christmas eve.
	You can say there's no such thing as Santa,
	But as for me and Grandpa, we believe!
She'd been drinking too much eggnog,
And we begged her not to go.
But she'd forgot her medication,	When we found her Christmas morning,
And she staggered through the door	At the scene of the attack.
	out in the snow.		She had hoofprints on her forehead,
					And incriminating claus-marks on her
Now we're all so proud of Grandpa,		back.
He's been taking this so well.
See him in there watching football.	I've warned all my friends and
Drinking beer and playing cards			neighbors,
	with cousin Mel.		Better watch out for yourselves!
					They should never give a license,
					To a man who drives a sleigh and
						plays with elves!
		-- Elmo and Patsy, "Grandma Got Run Over by a Reindeer"


Glib's Fourth Law of Unreliability:
	Investment in reliability will increase until it exceeds the
	probable cost of errors, or until someone insists on getting
	some useful work done.


	"Seven years and six months!"  Humpty Dumpty repeated thoughtfully.
"An uncomfortable sort of age.  Now if you'd asked MY advice, I'd have
said 'Leave off at seven' -- but it's too late now."
	"I never ask advice about growing,"  Alice said indignantly.
	"Too proud?" the other enquired.
	Alice felt even more indignant at this suggestion.  "I mean,"
she said, "that one can't help growing older."
	"ONE can't, perhaps," said Humpty Dumpty; "but TWO can.  With
proper assistance, you might have left off at seven."
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


People in general do not willingly read
if they have anything else to amuse them.
		-- S. Johnson


Quickie, n.:
	A moment's piece.


Going the speed of light is bad for your age.


Depend on the rabbit's foot if you will,
but remember, it didn't help the rabbit.
		-- R. E. Shay


Don't take life seriously, you'll never get out alive.


The final screw holding up a rackmount server is always possessed by demons.


Old mail has arrived.


Safety Third.


An Aggie farmer was lifting his hogs, one by one, up to the branches of
his apple trees to graze on the apples.  A Texas student walked by and
asked him, "Doesn't that take a lot of time?"
	Replied the Aggie, "What's time to a hog?"


Some of you ... may have decided that, this year, you're going to
celebrate it the old-fashioned way, with your family sitting around
stringing cranberries and exchanging humble, handmade gifts, like on
"The Waltons".  Well, you can forget it.  If everybody pulled that kind
of subversive stunt, the economy would collapse overnight.  The
government would have to intervene: it would form a cabinet-level
Department of Holiday Gift-Giving, which would spend billions and
billions of tax dollars to buy Barbie dolls and electronic games, which
it would drop on the populace from Air Force jets, killing and maiming
thousands.  So, for the good of the nation, you should go along with
the Holiday Program.  This means you should get a large sum of money
and go to a mall.
		-- Dave Barry, "Christmas Shopping: A Survivor's Guide"


Now the Lord God planted a garden East of Whittier in a place called
Yorba Linda, and out of the ground he made to grow orange trees that
were good for food and the fruits thereof he labeled SUNKIST ...
		-- "The Begatting of a President"


The price of seeking to force our beliefs on others is that someday
they might force their beliefs on us.
		-- Mario Cuomo


Q:	What do you call a WASP who doesn't work for his father, isn't a
	lawyer, and believes in social causes?
A:	A failure.


The sun was shining on the sea,
Shining with all his might:
He did his very best to make
The billows smooth and bright --
And this was very odd, because it was
The middle of the night.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


IBM:
	[International Business Machines Corp.]  Also known as Itty Bitty
	Machines or The Lawyer's Friend.  The dominant force in computer
	marketing, having supplied worldwide some 75% of all known hardware
	and 10% of all software.  To protect itself from the litigious envy
	of less successful organizations, such as the US government, IBM
	employs 68% of all known ex-Attorneys' General.


The worst is enemy of the bad.


The time was the 19th of May, 1780.  The place was Hartford, Connecticut.
The day has gone down in New England history as a terrible foretaste of
Judgment Day.  For at noon the skies turned from blue to grey and by
mid-afternoon had blackened over so densely that, in that religious age,
men fell on their knees and begged a final blessing before the end came.
The Connecticut House of Representatives was in session.  And, as some of
the men fell down and others clamored for an immediate adjournment, the
Speaker of the House, one Col. Davenport, came to his feet.  He silenced
them and said these words: "The day of judgment is either approaching or
it is not.  If it is not, there is no cause for adjournment.  If it is, I
choose to be found doing my duty.  I wish therefore that candles may be
brought."
		-- Alistair Cooke


The bad reputation UNIX has gotten is totally undeserved, laid on by
people who don't understand, who have not gotten in there and tried
anything.
		-- Jim Joyce, owner of Jim Joyce's UNIX Bookstore


And yet, seasons must be taken with a grain of salt, for they too have a
sense of humor, as does history.  Corn stalks comedy, comedy stalks tragedy,
and this too is historic.  And yet, still, when corn meets tragedy face to
face, we have politics.
		-- Dalglish, Larsen and Sutherland,
		   "Root Crops and Ground Cover"


Macho, adj.:
	Jogging home from a vasectomy.


One day on a busy street corner a huge, burly looking man walked up to a police
officer and asks, "Thcuse me offither, can you tell me where thidee-thid, and
thacramento ith?"
	The police officer didn't reply at all, but just looked away.
	The large man then asked again, but still no reply.  After a few more
attempts which the police officer studiously ignored, the frustrated man
walked away.  An onlooking pedestrian then walked up to the officer and asked,
"Officer, why didn't you tell that man where thirty-third and Sacramento was?"  The police officer replied,
	"Thure, thure, and dit the thit ticked out of me!"


He keeps differentiating, flying off on a tangent.


Norm:  Gentlemen, start your taps.
		-- Cheers, The Coach's Daughter

Coach: How's life treating you, Norm?
Norm:  Like it caught me in bed with his wife.
		-- Cheers, Any Friend of Diane's

Coach: How's life, Norm?
Norm:  Not for the squeamish, Coach.
		-- Cheers, Friends, Romans, and Accountants


Continental breakfast, n.:
	A roll in bed with some honey.


You can get there from here, but why on earth would you want to?


According to a recent and unscientific national survey, smiling is something
everyone should do at least 6 times a day.  In an effort to increase the
national average (the US ranks third among the world's superpowers in
smiling), Xerox has instructed all personnel to be happy, effervescent, and
most importantly, to smile.  Xerox employees agree, and even feel strongly
that they can not only meet but surpass the national average...  except for
Tubby Ackerman.  But because Tubby does such a fine job of racing around
parking lots with a large butterfly net retrieving floating IC chips, Xerox
decided to give him a break.  If you see Tubby in a parking lot he may have
a sheepish grin.  This is where the expression, "Service with a slightly
sheepish grin" comes from.


His great aim was to escape from civilization, and, as soon as he had
money, he went to Southern California.


All the passions make us commit faults; love makes us commit the most
ridiculous ones.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


Be different: conform.


It is better to have a positive Wasserman than never to have loved at all.


DATA:
	Computerspeak for "information".  Properly pronounced
	the way Bostonians pronounce the word for a female child.


He that teaches himself has a fool for a master.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Against Idleness and Mischief

How doth the little busy bee		How skillfully she builds her cell!
Improve each shining hour,		How neat she spreads the wax!
And gather honey all the day		And labours hard to store it well
From every opening flower!		With the sweet food she makes.

In works of labour or of skill		In books, or work, or healthful play,
I would be busy too;			Let my first years be passed,
For Satan finds some mischief still	That I may give for every day
For idle hands to do.			Some good account at last.
		-- Isaac Watts (1674-1748)


I know the answer!  The answer lies within the heart of all mankind!
The answer is twelve?  I think I'm in the wrong building.
		-- Charles Schulz


Porsche; there simply is no substitute.
		-- Risky Business


FORTUNE REMEMBERS THE GREAT MOTHERS: #6

	"Johnny, if you fall and break your leg, don't come running to me!"
		-- Mrs. Emily Barstow, June 16, 1954


All your files have been destroyed (sorry).  Paul.


He who is intoxicated with wine will be sober again in the course of the
night, but he who is intoxicated by the cupbearer will not recover his
senses until the day of judgment.
		-- Saadi


Minnesota --
	home of the blonde hair and blue ears.
	mosquito supplier to the free world.
	come fall in love with a loon.
	where visitors turn blue with envy.
	one day it's warm, the rest of the year it's cold.
	land of many cultures -- mostly throat.
	where the elite meet sleet.
	glove it or leave it.
	many are cold, but few are frozen.
	land of the ski and home of the crazed.
	land of 10,000 Petersons.


Even if you do learn to speak correct
English, whom are you going to speak it to?
		-- Clarence Darrow


Doing gets it done.


Banectomy, n.:
	The removal of bruises on a banana.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


TOO BAD YOU CAN'T BUY a voodoo globe so that you could make the earth spin
real fast and freak everybody out.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


The whole world is a tuxedo and you are a pair of brown shoes.
		-- George Gobel


The longest part of the journey is said to be the passing of the gate.
		-- Marcus Terentius Varro


Churchill's Commentary on Man:
	Man will occasionally stumble over the truth,
	but most of the time he will pick himself up and continue on.


The optimist thinks that this is the best of all possible worlds,
and the pessimist knows it.
		-- J. Robert Oppenheimer, "Bulletin of Atomic Scientists"

Yet creeds mean very little, Coth answered the dark god, still speaking
almost gently.  The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all
possible worlds; and the pessimist fears this is true.
		-- James Cabell, "The Silver Stallion"


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(19) Regardless of the pain in our memories, nostalgia only reminds us
     of the good times in our past.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


In /users3 did Kubla Kahn
A stately pleasure dome decree,
Where /bin, the sacred river ran
Through Test Suites measureless to Man
Down to a sunless C.


Oh Dad!  We're ALL Devo!


Men have a much better time of it than women; for one
thing they marry later; for another thing they die earlier.
		-- H. L. Mencken


I couldn't possibly fail to disagree with you less.


Agnes' Law:
	Almost everything in life is easier to get into than out of.


Virginity is a bubble on the sea of life,
which takes but one prick to break.
		-- Jordan Sand


A GOOD WAY TO THREATEN somebody is to light a stick of dynamite.  Then you
call the guy and hold the burning fuse to the phone.  "Hear that?" you say.
"That's dynamite, baby."
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Zeus gave Leda the bird.


Beat me, bite me, whip me, fuck me, make me write bad checks!


Q:	How did Hellen Keller burn the side of her face?
A:	She answered the iron.

Q:	How did she burn the other side of her face?
A:	They called back.


Good day to avoid cops.  Crawl to work.


Actor:	"I'm a smash hit.  Why, yesterday during the last act, I had
	everyone glued in their seats!"
Oliver Herford:	"Wonderful!  Wonderful!  Clever of you to think of
	it!"


	And Jesus said unto them, "And whom do you say that I am?"
	They replied, "You are the eschatological manifestation of the
ground of our being, the ontological foundation of the context of our
very selfhood revealed."
	And Jesus replied, "What?"


When it is not necessary to make a decision,
it is necessary not to make a decision.


It is not enough to have great qualities,
we should also have the management of them.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


Mother is the invention of necessity.


If life isn't what you wanted, have you asked for anything else?


U:	There's a U -- a Unicorn!
	Run right up and rub its horn.
	Look at all those points you're losing!
	UMBER HULKS are so confusing.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC


It is only people of small moral stature who have to stand on their
dignity.


Dessert is probably the most important stage of the meal, since it will
be the last thing your guests remember before they pass out all over
the table.
		-- The Anarchist Cookbook


This sentence no verb.


I never met a piece of chocolate I didn't like.


A fool is a man who worries about whether or not his lover has integrity.
A wise man, on the other hand, busies himself with deeper attributes.


Friendships last when each friend thinks he has a slight superiority
over the other.
		-- Honore de Balzac


To say that UNIX is doomed is pretty rabid, OS/2 will certainly play a role,
but you don't build a hundred million instructions per second multiprocessor
micro and then try to run it on OS/2.  I mean, get serious.
		-- William Zachmann, International Data Corp


Well, we've come full circle, Lord; I'd like to think there's some
higher meaning to all this.  It would certainly reflect well on you.


Cleveland?
Yes, I spent a week there one day.


Come, every frustum longs to be a cone,
And every vector dreams of matrices.
Hark to the gentle gradient of the breeze:
It whispers of a more ergodic zone.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


