I have an existential map.  It has "You are here" written all over it.
		-- Steven Wright


	Something mysterious is formed, born in the silent void.  Waiting
alone and unmoving, it is at once still and yet in constant motion.  It is
the source of all programs.  I do not know its name, so I will call it the
Tao of Programming.
	If the Tao is great, then the operating system is great.  If the
operating system is great, then the compiler is great.  If the compiler is
greater, then the applications is great.  The user is pleased and there is
harmony in the world.
	The Tao of Programming flows far away and returns on the wind of
morning.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


That naughty old Sappho of Greece
Said: "What I prefer to a piece
	Is to have my pudenda
	Rubbed hard by the enda
The little pink nose of my niece."


If you stew apples like cranberries,
they taste more like prunes than rhubarb does.
		-- Groucho Marx


When the Apple IIc was introduced, the informative copy led off with a couple
of asterisked sentences:

	It weighs less than 8 pounds.*
	And costs less than $1,300.**

In tiny type were these "fuller explanations":

      * Don't asterisks make you suspicious as all get out?  Well, all
	this means is that the IIc alone weights 7.5 pounds. The power
	pack, monitor, an extra disk drive, a printer and several bricks
	will make the IIc weigh more. Our lawyers were concerned that you
	might not be able to figure this out for yourself.

     ** The FTC is concerned about price fixing. You can pay more if
	you really want to.  Or less.
		-- Forbes


Power corrupts.  Absolute power is kind of neat.
		-- John Lehman, Secretary of the Navy, 1981-1987


An artist should be fit for the best society and keep out of it.


Talking much about oneself can also be a means to conceal oneself.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Why, Good Morning!  I'm the bluebird of fellatio!


A rolling stone gathers momentum.


Adam's Law:
	(1)  Women don't know what they want;
	     they don't like what they have got.
	(2)  Men know very well what they want;
	     having got it, they begin to lose interest.


Persons attempting to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted;
persons attempting to find a moral in it will be banished; persons attempting
to find a plot in it will be shot.  By Order of the Author
		-- Mark Twain, "Tom Sawyer"


I don't remember it, but I have it written down.


Asked by reporters about his upcoming marriage to a forty-two-year-old
woman, director Roman Polanski told reporters, "The way I look at it,
she's the equivalent of three fourteen-year-olds."
		-- David Letterman


Coach: What would you say to a beer, Normie?
Norm:  Daddy wuvs you.
		-- Cheers, The Mail Goes to Jail

Sam:  What'd you like, Normie?
Norm: A reason to live.  Gimme another beer.
		-- Cheers, Behind Every Great Man

Sam:	What will you have, Norm?
Norm:	Well, I'm in a gambling mood, Sammy.  I'll take a glass
	of whatever comes out of that tap.
Sam:	Oh, looks like beer, Norm.
Norm:	Call me Mister Lucky.
		-- Cheers, The Executive's Executioner


In outer space, nobody can hear you fart.


Ban the bomb.  Save the world for conventional warfare.


What's the matter with the world?  Why, there ain't but one thing wrong
with every one of us - and that's "selfishness."
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #31

A:	Chicken Teriyaki.
Q:	What is the name of the world's oldest kamikaze pilot?


	"The Good Ship Enterprise" (to the tune of "The Good Ship Lollipop")

On the good ship Enterprise
Every week there's a new surprise
Where the Romulans lurk
And the Klingons often go berserk.

Yes, the good ship Enterprise
There's excitement anywhere it flies
Where Tribbles play
And Nurse Chapel never gets her way.

	See Captain Kirk standing on the bridge,
	Mr. Spock is at his side.
	The weekly menace, ooh-ooh
	It gets fried, scattered far and wide.

It's the good ship Enterprise
Heading out where danger lies
And you live in dread
If you're wearing a shirt that's red.
		-- Doris Robin and Karen Trimble of The L.A. Filkharmonics


A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS:

7. PAY YOUR MEDICAL BILLS PROMPTLY AND WILLINGLY.
	You should consider it a privilege to contribute, however modestly,
	to the well-being of physicians and other humanitarians.

8. DO NOT SUFFER FROM AILMENTS THAT YOU CANNOT AFFORD.
	It is sheer arrogance to contract illnesses that are beyond your means.

9. NEVER REVEAL ANY OF THE SHORTCOMINGS THAT HAVE COME TO LIGHT IN THE COURSE
   OF TREATMENT BY YOUR DOCTOR.
	The patient-doctor relationship is a privileged one, and you have a
	sacred duty to protect him from exposure.

10. NEVER DIE WHILE IN YOUR DOCTOR'S PRESENCE OR UNDER HIS DIRECT CARE.
	This will only cause him needless inconvenience and embarrassment.


Generally speaking, the Way of the warrior is resolute acceptance of death.
		-- Miyamoto Musashi, 1645


With a gentleman I try to be a gentleman and a half, and with a fraud I
try to be a fraud and a half.
		-- Otto von Bismarck


The world is not octal despite DEC.


Q:	What is green and comes in Brownies?
A:	Boy Scouts.


Any clod can have the facts, but having opinions is an art.
		-- Charles McCabe


What happens when you cut back the jungle?  It recedes.


None of our men are "experts."  We have most unfortunately found it necessary
to get rid of a man as soon as he thinks himself an expert -- because no one
ever considers himself expert if he really knows his job.  A man who knows a
job sees so much more to be done than he has done, that he is always pressing
forward and never gives up an instant of thought to how good and how efficient
he is.  Thinking always ahead, thinking always of trying to do more, brings a
state of mind in which nothing is impossible. The moment one gets into the
"expert" state of mind a great number of things become impossible.
		-- From Henry Ford Sr., "My Life and Work"


The ultimate game show will be the one
where somebody gets killed at the end.
		-- Chuck Barris, creator of "The Gong Show"


Paster Crosstalk:	What items are specifically mentioned by GOD as being
	unclean?  Now did you know... preying birds... praying mantises...
	All birds of prey, all carrion eaters, fish eaters -- no good, can't
	eat those.  Nothing that does not have both fins and scales.  Most
	CREEPING things...
Alvarado:	How 'bout caterpillars?
P:	A caterpillar doesn't have a backbone.  Nothing without a backbone
	can get in.
A:	How do you know?  You char a caterpillar, it gets real stiff!
P:	Well, I don't think that the Lord meant us to eat CHARRED
	CATERPILLARS!
[...]
P:	The hog, the squirrel... little squirrels.  Who would want to eat
	a LITTLE SQUIRREL?
A:	If you're starving.  If you're starving in the park one day.
P:	You'd probably just CHAR 'em to get 'em stiff, wouldn't ya?
A:	No, you SINGE 'em.  You SINGE 'em and eat 'em.  *I* read about the
	Donner Pass, I know what man does when he's hungry.
P:	Squirrels eating squirrels -- my GOD, that's sick!
A:	That's sick, SURE.  But a MAN eating a squirrel -- that's (heh, heh)
	par for the course, Charlie.
		-- The Firesign Theatre


Many people feel that they deserve some kind of
recognition for all the bad things they haven't done.


The trouble with doing something right the first
time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.


Gimme that old bisexuality,
Gimme that old bisexuality,
Gimme that old bisexuality,
'Cause it's good enough for me!

It was good for David Bowie,
It was good for David Bowie,
It was good for David Bowie,
And it's good enough for me!


Damn braces.
		-- William Blake, "Proverbs of Hell"


COMPUTER:
	An electronic entity which performs sequences of useful steps in a
	totally understandable, rigorously logical manner.  If you believe
	this, see me about a bridge I have for sale in Manhattan.


Prunes give you a run for your money.


Any man can work when every stroke of his hand brings down the fruit
rattling from the tree to the ground; but to labor in season and out
of season, under every discouragement, by the power of truth -- that
requires a heroism which is transcendent.
		-- Henry Ward Beecher


I have no right, by anything I do or say, to demean a human being in his
own eyes.  What matters is not what I think of him; it is what he thinks
of himself.  To undermine a man's self-respect is a sin.
		-- Antoine de Saint-Exupery


Then there was the girl whose boyfriend didn't smoke, drink or
swear, and never, ever made a pass at her.  He also made his own dresses.


In marriage, as in war, it is permitted
to take every advantage of the enemy.


We demand rigidly defined areas of doubt and uncertainty!
		-- Vroomfondel


	A farmer decides that his three sows should be bred, and contacts a
buddy down the road, who owns several boars.  They agree on a stud fee, and
the farmer puts the sows in his pickup and takes them down the road to the
boars.  He leaves them all day, and when he picks them up that night, asks
the man how he can tell if it "took" or not.  The breeder replies that if,
the next morning, the sows were grazing on grass, they were pregnant, but if
they were rolling in the mud as usual, they probably weren't.
	Comes the morn, the sows are rolling in the mud as usual, so the
farmer puts them in the truck and brings them back for a second full day of
frolic.  This continues for a week, since each morning the sows are rolling
in the mud.
	Around the sixth day, the farmer wakes up and tells his wife, "I
don't have the heart to look again.  This is getting ridiculous.  You check
today."  With that, the wife peeks out the bedroom window and starts to laugh.
	"What is it?" asks the farmer excitedly.  "Are they grazing at last?"
	"Nope." replies his wife.  "Two of them are jumping up and down in
the back of your truck, and the other one is honking the horn!"


Men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it
from religious conviction.
		-- Blaise Pascal, "Pens'ees", 1670


For your penance, say five Hail Marys and one loud BLAH!


Hear about...
	the fellow who maintains a special register of particularly
	accommodating girls?  He refers to it as his little blew book.


Science is built up of facts, as a house is with stones.  But a
collection of facts is no more a science than a heap of stones
is a house.
		-- Jules Henri Poincar'e


You have literary talent that you should take pains to develop.


Political speeches are like steer horns.  A point
here, a point there, and a lot of bull in between.
		-- Alfred E. Neuman


The sun was shining on the sea,
Shining with all his might:
He did his very best to make
The billows smooth and bright --
And this was very odd, because it was
The middle of the night.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


Desist from enumerating your fowl
prior to their emergence from the shell.


Picking up the pieces of my sweet shattered dream,
I wonder how the old folks are tonight,
Her name was Ann, and I'll be damned if I recall her face,
She left me not knowing what to do.

Carefree Highway, let me slip away on you,
Carefree Highway, you seen better days,
The morning after blues, from my head down to my shoes,
Carefree Highway, let me slip away, slip away, on you...

Turning back the pages to the times I love best,
I wonder if she'll ever do the same,
Now the thing that I call livin' is just bein' satisfied,
With knowing I got noone left to blame.
Carefree Highway, I got to see you, my old flame...

Searching through the fragments of my dream shattered sleep,
I wonder if the years have closed her mind,
I guess it must be wanderlust or tryin' to get free,
From the good old faithful feelin' we once knew.
		-- Gordon Lightfoot, "Carefree Highway"


QOTD:
	"Do you smell something burning or is it me?"
		-- Joan of Arc


Said President Jobcock one day:
"War's better than love, I should say.
	Instead of a virgin,
	It's murder I'm urgin'--
You get lots more blood that-a-way."


There once was a king who ruled his country long, wisely, and well.  The
king had a son whom he hoped would someday rule the land.  He also wished
in his heart that the son would be wise and compassionate.  One day he said
to the prince:
	"If you promised that you would give a certain woman anything, even
half of your kingdom, and then she demanded the life of your best friend,
what would your decision be, my son?"
	The young prince thought for a moment and then said, "I would tell
her that the life of my best friend did not lie in the half of the kingdom
that I had promised."
	The king knew that his son would be a great king.


IT MAKES ME MAD when I go to all the trouble of having Marta cook up about
a hundred drumsticks, then the guy at Marineland says, "You can't throw
that chicken to the dolphins. They eat fish."

Sure they eat fish if that's all you give them!  Man, wise up.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Those who have had no share in the good fortunes of the mighty
Often have a share in their misfortunes.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "The Caucasian Chalk Circle"


One Saturday afternoon, during the campaign to decide whether or not
there should be a Coastal Commission, I took a helicopter ride from Los
Angeles to San Diego.  We passed several state beaches, some crowded
and some virtually empty.  They had the same facilities, and in some
cases the crowded and the empty beach were within a quarter mile of
each other.  Obviously many beach-goers prefer to be crowded together.
Buying more beaches that people won't go to because they prefer to be
crowded together on one beach is a ridiculous waste of our natural
resources and our taxes.
		-- Ronald Reagan


What time is it?
I don't know, it keeps changing.


The poor little doe
Crawled out of the woods,
Tired, bedraggled and blue.
"Look," she said, "What I did for a buck,
I should have asked for two!"


It appears that PL/I (and its dialects) is, or will be, the
most widely used higher level language for systems programming.
		-- J. Sammet


	page 46
...a report citing a study by Dr. Thomas C. Chalmers, of the Mount Sinai
Medical Center in New York, which compared two groups that were being used
to test the theory that ascorbic acid is a cold preventative.  "The group
on placebo who thought they were on ascorbic acid," says Dr. Chalmers,
"had fewer colds than the group on ascorbic acid who thought they were
on placebo."
	page 56
The placebo is proof that there is no real separation between mind and body.
Illness is always an interaction between both.  It can begin in the mind and
affect the body, or it can begin in the body and affect the mind, both of
which are served by the same bloodstream.  Attempts to treat most mental
diseases as though they were completely free of physical causes and attempts
to treat most bodily diseases as though the mind were in no way involved must
be considered archaic in the light of new evidence about the way the human
body functions.
		-- Norman Cousins,
		   "Anatomy of an Illness as Perceived by the Patient"


A boss with no humor is like a job that's no fun.


Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company.
		-- Mark Twain


The avocation of assessing the failures of better men can be turned
into a comfortable livelihood, providing you back it up with a Ph.D.
		-- Nelson Algren, "Writers at Work"


I have an existential map.  It has "You are here" written all over it.
		-- Steven Wright


Hate the sin and love the sinner.
		-- Mahatma Gandhi


There is never enough time to do it right the first time, but there is
always enough time to do it over.


Might as well be frank, monsieur.  It would take a miracle to
get you out of Casablanca and the Germans have outlawed miracles.
		-- Signor Ferrari, "Casablanca" (1942)


Being a woman is of special interest only to aspiring male transsexuals.
To actual women it is merely a good excuse not to play football.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"


What George Washington did for us was to throw out the British, so
that we wouldn't have a fat, insensitive government running our
country. Nice try anyway, George.
		-- Disk Jockey on KSFO/KYA


And on the third day, Christ arose, pushed aside the rock that had served
as the tomb door, and walked again on the earth.
	And as he departed, a passer-by pointed at the door Jesus had left
open.  "What's the matter with you?" he said. "Born in a barn?"


The hater of property and of government takes care to have his warranty
deed recorded, and the book written against fame and learning has the
author's name on the title page.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Journals" (1831)


Next, upon a stool, we've a sight to make you drool.
Seven virgins and a mule, keep it cool, keep it cool.
		-- ELP, "Karn Evil 9" (1st Impression, Part 2)


Computer programs expand so as to fill the core available.


Have you heard of the lady named Cox
Who had a capacious old box?
	When her lover was in place
	She said, "Please turn your face.
I look like a gal, but I screw like a fox."


In the Halls of Justice the only justice is in the halls.
		-- Lenny Bruce


A wise man can see more from a mountain top
than a fool can from the bottom of a well.


God gives us relatives; thank goodness we can chose our friends.


Kiss me twice.  I'm schizophrenic.


Iowa State -- the high school after high school!
		-- Crow T. Robot


The wise and intelligent are coming belatedly to realize that alcohol, and
not the dog, is man's best friend.  Rover is taking a beating -- and he
should.
		-- W. C. Fields


	If I kiss you, that is a psychological interaction.
	On the other hand, if I hit you over the head with a brick,
that is also a psychological interaction.
	The difference is that one is friendly and the other is not
so friendly.
	The crucial point is if you can tell which is which.
		-- Dolph Sharp, "I'm O.K., You're Not So Hot"


Gumperson's Law:
	The probability of a given event
	occurring is inversely proportional to its desirability.


Tell me what to think!!!


I acted to show my love for Jodie Foster.
		-- John Hinckley


Hangover, n.:
	The wrath of grapes.


Not to laugh, not to lament, not to curse, but to understand.
		-- Spinoza


Miksch's Law:
	If a string has one end, then it has another end.


Trust everybody, but cut the cards.
		-- Finley Peter Dunne, "Mr. Dooley's Philosophy"


Already the spirit of our schooling is permeated with the feeling that every
subject, every topic, every fact, every professed truth must be submitted
to a certain publicity and impartiality.  All proffered samples of learning
must go to the same assay-room and be subjected to common tests.  It is the
essence of all dogmatic faiths to hold that any such "show-down" is
sacrilegious and perverse.  The characteristic of religion, from their point
of view, is that it is intellectually secret, not public; peculiarly revealed,
not generally known; authoritatively declared, not communicated and tested
in ordinary ways...It is pertinent to point out that, as long as religion
is conceived as it is now by the great majority of professed religionists,
there is something self-contradictory in speaking of education in religion
in the same sense in which we speak of education in topics where the method
of free inquiry has made its way.  The "religious" would be the last to be
willing that either the history of the content of religion should be taught
in this spirit; while those to whom the scientific standpoint is not merely
a technical device, but is the embodiment of the integrity of mind, must
protest against its being taught in any other spirit.
		-- John Dewey, "Democracy in the Schools" (1908)


You are in a maze of little twisting passages, all different.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(26) The only difference between Mikhail Gorbachev and previous Soviet
     leaders is that he is alive.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Murphy's Discovery:
	Do you know Presidents talk to the country the way men talk
	to women?  They say, "Trust me, go all the way with me, and
	everything will be all right."  And what happens?  Nine
	months later, you're in trouble!


Never accept an invitation from a stranger unless he gives you candy.
		-- Linda Festa


Beef stroganoff, n.:
	A bull masturbating.


Where there's a will, there's a relative.


We may not return the affection of those who like us,
but we always respect their good judgment.


Conjecture: All odd numbers are prime.

	Mathematician's Proof:
		3 is prime.  5 is prime.  7 is prime.  By induction, all
		odd numbers are prime.
	Physicist's Proof:
		3 is prime.  5 is prime.  7 is prime.  9 is experimental
		error.  11 is prime.  13 is prime ...
	Engineer's Proof:
		3 is prime.  5 is prime.  7 is prime.  9 is prime.
		11 is prime.  13 is prime ...
	Computer Scientist's Proof:
		3 is prime.  3 is prime.  3 is prime.  3 is prime...


Q:	Why did Hellen Keller go all the way on her first date?
A:	She'd never been taught to say no.


None love the bearer of bad news.
		-- Sophocles


	"Do you think there's a God?"
	"Well, SOMEbody's out to get me!"
		-- Calvin and Hobbs


A yawn is a silent shout.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


			It's grad exam time...
MEDICINE
	You have been provided with a razor blade, a piece of gauze, and a
bottle of Scotch.  Remove your appendix.  Do not suture until your work has
been inspected.  (You have 15 minutes.)

HISTORY
	Describe the history of the papacy from its origins to the present
day, concentrating especially, but not exclusively, on its social, political,
economic, religious and philosophical impact upon Europe, Asia, America, and
Africa.  Be brief, concise, and specific.

BIOLOGY
	Create life.  Estimate the differences in subsequent human culture
if this form of life had been created 500 million years ago or earlier, with
special attention to its probable effect on the English parliamentary system.


My mother once said to me, "Elwood," (she always called me Elwood)
"Elwood, in this world you must be oh so smart or oh so pleasant."
For years I tried smart.  I recommend pleasant.
		-- Elwood P. Dowde, "Harvey"


Trap full -- please empty.


The eagle may soar, but the weasel never gets sucked into a jet engine.


Parts that positively cannot be assembled in improper order will be.


We laugh at the Indian philosopher, who to account for the support
of the earth, contrived the hypothesis of a huge elephant, and to support
the elephant, a huge tortoise.  If we will candidly confess the truth, we
know as little of the operation of the nerves, as he did of the manner in
which the earth is supported: and our hypothesis about animal spirits, or
about the tension and vibrations of the nerves, are as like to be true, as
his about the support of the earth.  His elephant was a hypothesis, and our
hypotheses are elephants.  Every theory in philosophy, which is built on
pure conjecture, is an elephant; and every theory that is supported partly
by fact, and partly by conjecture, is like Nebuchadnezzar's image, whose
feet were partly of iron, and partly of clay.
		-- Thomas Reid, "An Inquiry into the Human Mind", 1764


The relative importance of files depends on their cost
in terms of the human effort needed to regenerate them.
		-- T. A. Dolotta


