Mental power tended to corrupt, and absolute intelligence tended to
corrupt absolutely, until the victim eschewed violence entirely in
favor of smart solutions to stupid problems.
		-- Piers Anthony


A man arrived home early to find his wife in the arms of his best friend,
who swore how much they were in love.  To quiet the enraged husband, the
lover suggested, "Friends shouldn't fight, let's play gin rummy.  If I win,
you get a divorce so I can marry her.  If you win, I promise never to see
her again.  Okay?"
	"Alright," agreed the husband.  "But how about a quarter a point
on the side to make it interesting?"


Real computer scientists don't write code.  They occasionally tinker with
`programming systems', but those are so high level that they hardly count
(and rarely count accurately; precision is for applications).


Everything will be just tickety-boo today.


When it comes to helping you, some people stop at nothing.


WYSIWYG:
	What You See Is What You Get.


Gravity is an unforgiving motherfucker.


Freedom is nothing else but the chance to do better.
		-- Camus


I bet you have fun chasing the soap around the bathtub.
		-- Princess Diana, to a one-armed war veteran during
		   a visit to a London veterans hospital


The difference between sentiment and sentimentality is easy to see.  When
you avoid killing somebody's pet on the glazeway, that's sentiment.  If you
swerve to avoid the pet and that causes you to kill pedestrians, THAT is
sentimentality.
		-- Frank Herbert, "Chapterhouse: Dune"


Alcohol is the anesthesia by which we endure the operation of life.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


You will never know hunger.


Well, Jim, I'm not much of an actor either.


There is no TRUTH.  There is no REALITY.  There is no CONSISTENCY.
There are no ABSOLUTE STATEMENTS.  I'm very probably wrong.


Three minutes' thought would suffice to find this out; but thought
is irksome and three minutes is a long time.
		-- A. E. Housman


Fill what's empty, empty what's full, scratch where it itches.
		-- Alice Roosevelt Longworth


QOTD:
	"... was it a dream where you see yourself standing in sort-of
	Sun-God robes, on a pyramid, with a thousand naked women screaming
	and throwing little pickles at you?  ...  Why am I the only one
	who has that dream?"


You mean you didn't *know* she was off
making lots of little phone companies?


After the last of 16 mounting screws has been removed from an access
cover, it will be discovered that the wrong access cover has been removed.


Petribar, n.:
	Any sun-bleached prehistoric candy that has been sitting in
	the window of a vending machine too long.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


By all means marry: If you get a good wife, you'll become happy; if you
get a bad one, you'll become a philosopher.
		-- Socrates


It's odd, and a little unsettling, to reflect upon the fact that English is
the only major language in which "I" is capitalized; in many other languages
"You" is capitalized and the "i" is lower case.
		-- Sydney J. Harris


A doctor calls his patient to give him the results of his tests.  "I have
some bad news," says the doctor, "and some worse news."  The bad news is
that you only have six weeks to live."
	"Oh, no," says the patient.  "What could possibly be worse than
that?"
	"Well," the doctor replies, "I've been trying to reach you since
last Monday."


Federal grants are offered for... research into the recreation
potential of interplanetary space travel for the culturally
disadvantaged.


If you catch a man, throw him back.
		-- Woman's Liberation Slogan, c. 1975


I remember Ulysses well...  Left one day for the post office
to mail a letter, met a blonde named Circe on the streetcar,
and didn't come back for 20 years.


Misfortunes arrive on wings and leave on foot.


Woman would be more charming if one could
fall into her arms without falling into her hands.
		-- DeGourmont


Don't eat yellow snow.


Actresses will happen in the best regulated families.
		-- Addison Mizner and Oliver Herford,
		   "The Entirely New Cynic's Calendar", 1905


Dibble's First Law of Sociology:
	Some do, some don't.


Joe Cool always spends the first two weeks at college sailing his Frisbee.
		-- Snoopy


Noise proves nothing.  Often a hen who has
merely laid an egg cackles as if she laid an asteroid.
		-- Mark Twain


	As a general rule of thumb, never trust anybody who's been in therapy
for more than 15 percent of their life span.  The words "I am sorry" and "I
am wrong" will have totally disappeared from their vocabulary.  They will stab
you, shoot you, break things in your apartment, say horrible things to your
friends and family, and then justify this abhorrent behavior by saying:
	"Sure, I put your dog in the microwave.  But I feel *better*
for doing it."
		-- Bruce Feirstein, "Nice Guys Sleep Alone"


She stood there and peeled off her clothes,
And begged for a bang: goodness knows
	I am surely impure
	And I sizzled to scrure,
But the push had gone out of my hose.


Whoever named it "necking" was a poor judge of anatomy.
		-- Groucho Marx


Mr. Cole's Axiom:
	The sum of the intelligence on the planet is a constant; the
	population is growing.


One man tells a falsehood, a hundred repeat it as true.


We prefer to speak evil of ourselves
rather than not speak of ourselves at all.


System checkpoint complete.


Self Test for Paranoia:
	You know you have it when you can't think of anything that's
	your own fault.


Normal times may possibly be over forever.


Great Lover, n.:
	A man who can breathe through his ears.


CURSOR:
	One whose program will not run.
		-- Robb Russon


Q:	How do you play religious roulette?
A:	You stand around in a circle and blaspheme and see who gets struck
	by lightning first.


Liberty is always dangerous, but it is the safest thing we have.
		-- Harry Emerson Fosdick


When I was little, I went into a pet shop and they asked how big I'd get.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


War is menstruation envy.


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #17 -- SARTRE

	Named after the late existential philosopher, SARTRE is an extremely
unstructured language.  Statements in SARTRE have no purpose; they just are.
Thus SARTRE programs are left to define their own functions.  SARTRE
programmers tend to be boring and depressed, and are no fun at parties.


Oh, when I was in love with you,
	Then I was clean and brave,
And miles around the wonder grew
	How well did I behave.

And now the fancy passes by,
	And nothing will remain,
And miles around they'll say that I
	Am quite myself again.
		-- A. E. Housman


The man who has never been flogged has never been taught.
		-- Menander


We laugh at the Indian philosopher, who to account for the support
of the earth, contrived the hypothesis of a huge elephant, and to support
the elephant, a huge tortoise.  If we will candidly confess the truth, we
know as little of the operation of the nerves, as he did of the manner in
which the earth is supported: and our hypothesis about animal spirits, or
about the tension and vibrations of the nerves, are as like to be true, as
his about the support of the earth.  His elephant was a hypothesis, and our
hypotheses are elephants.  Every theory in philosophy, which is built on
pure conjecture, is an elephant; and every theory that is supported partly
by fact, and partly by conjecture, is like Nebuchadnezzar's image, whose
feet were partly of iron, and partly of clay.
		-- Thomas Reid, "An Inquiry into the Human Mind", 1764


Tuesday After Lunch is the cosmic time of the week.


A government that is big enough to give you all you want is big enough
to take it all away.
		-- Barry Goldwater


A woman went into a hospital one day to give birth.  Afterwards, the doctor
came to her and said, "I have some... odd news for you."
	"Is my baby all right?" the woman anxiously asked.
	"Yes, he is," the doctor replied, "but we don't know how.  Your son
(we assume) was born with no body.  He only has a head."
	Well, the doctor was correct.  The Head was alive and well, though no
one knew how.  The Head turned out to be fairly normal, ignoring his lack of
a body, and lived for some time as typical a life as could be expected under
the circumstances.
	One day, about twenty years after the fateful birth, the woman got a
phone call from another doctor.  The doctor said, "I have recently perfected
an operation.  Your son can live a normal life now: we can graft a body onto
his head!"
	The woman, practically weeping with joy, thanked the doctor and hung
up.  She ran up the stairs saying, "Johnny, Johnny, I have a *wonderful*
surprise for you!"
	"Oh no," cried The Head, "not another HAT!"


I do not know myself and God forbid that I should.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Success is like a fart -- only your own smells nice.
		-- James P. Hogan


Intolerance is the last defense of the insecure.


I DON'T THINK I'M ALONE when I say I'd like to see more and more planets
fall under the ruthless domination of our solar system.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


A mighty creature is the germ,
Though smaller than the pachyderm.
His customary dwelling place
Is deep within the human race.
His childish pride he often pleases
By giving people strange diseases.
Do you, my poppet, feel infirm?
You probably contain a germ.
		-- Ogden Nash


Where do I find the time for not reading so many books?
		-- Karl Kraus


The bogosity meter just pegged.


Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.


Dungeons and Dragons is just a lot of Saxon Violence.


Don't hit a man when he's down -- kick him; it's easier.


Any excuse will serve a tyrant.
		-- Aesop


She was only:
	a coal digger's daughter, but she'll always be mine.
	a statistician's daughter, but she knew all the standard deviations.
	a wrestler's daughter, but you should have seen her box.
	a moonshiner's daughter, but I loved her still.
	a chimney sweep's daughter, but she sure knew how to haul ash.
	a fireman's daughter, but her face was a cause for alarm.
	a banker's daughter, but she opened her drawers for cash.


Why are you so hard to ignore?


A dream will always triumph over reality, once it is given the chance.
		-- Stanislaw Lem


If you put garbage in a computer nothing comes out but garbage.  But
this garbage, having passed through a very expensive machine, is
somehow ennobled and none dare criticize it.


You can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard.


Tehee quod she, and clapte the wyndow to.
		-- Geoffrey Chaucer


They have been at a great feast of languages, and stolen the scraps.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"


The right to revolt has sources deep in our history.
		-- Supreme Court Justice William O. Douglas


Love cannot be much younger than the lust for murder.
		-- Sigmund Freud


Magpie, n.:
	A bird whose thievish disposition suggested
	to someone that it might be taught to talk.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Time to be aggressive.  Go after a tattooed Virgo.


The most popular labor-saving device today is still a husband with money.
		-- Joey Adams, "Cindy and I"


Girls marry for love.  Boys marry because of a chronic irritation
that causes them to gravitate in the direction of objects with
certain curvilinear properties.
		-- Ashley Montagu


BE A LOOF!  (There has been a recent population explosion of lerts.)


Sex appeal is 50% what you've got and 50% what people think you've got.
		-- Sophia Loren


Absentee, n.:
	A person with an income who has had the forethought
	to remove himself from the sphere of exaction.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


If a nation expects to be ignorant and free,
... it expects what never was and never will be.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Why I Can't Go Out With You:

I'd LOVE to, but...
	-- I have to floss my cat.
	-- I've dedicated my life to linguini.
	-- I need to spend more time with my blender.
	-- It wouldn't be fair to the other Beautiful People.
	-- It's my night to pet the dog/ferret/goldfish/radio.
	-- I'm going downtown to try on some gloves.
	-- I have to check the freshness dates on my dairy products.
	-- I'm due at the bakery to watch the buns rise.
	-- I have an appointment with a cuticle specialist.
	-- I have some really hard words to look up.


INCENTIVE PROGRAM:
	The system of long and short-term rewards that a corporation uses
	to motivate its people.  Still, despite all the experimentation with
	profit sharing, stock options, and the like, the most effective
	incentive program to date seems to be "Do a good job and you get to
	keep it."


Systems programmers are the high priests of a low cult.
		-- R. S. Barton


Dave has an aeroplane,
In which he likes to frisk.
Oh what a foolish boy,
His silly *.


Q:	Why was Cinderella banished from the Magic Kingdom?
A:	For sitting on Pinocchio's face and screaming, "Tell the truth!
	Tell a lie!  Tell the truth!  Tell a lie!"


My mother once said to me, "Elwood," (she always called me Elwood)
"Elwood, in this world you must be oh so smart or oh so pleasant."
For years I tried smart.  I recommend pleasant.
		-- Elwood P. Dowde, "Harvey"


I'm a lover not a dancer!
I'm a lover not a dancer!
Don't want to be on my feet,
When I can be on my back,
Don't want to be on the floor,
When I can be in the sack!
I'm a lover not a dancer!
I'm a lover not a dancer!
I'm just a little bit tired
If you know what I mean,
Don't want to be in a crowd
When I can be in a dream!
I'm a lover not a dancer!
Baby!
And, baby, let me prove it to you,
Baby, let me prove it to you!
		-- Jim Steinman, "Dance in my Pants"


The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost.


Once harm has been done, even a fool understands it.
		-- Homer


He who hesitates is sometimes saved.


Those who are mentally and emotionally healthy are those who have
learned when to say yes, when to say no and when to say whoopee.
		-- W. S. Krabill


Once a word has been allowed to escape, it cannot be recalled.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


If you give a man enough rope, he'll claim he's tied up at the office.


Don't confuse things that need action
with those that take care of themselves.


Beam me up, Scotty!


A man walks into the doctor's office and the doctor says to him, "I've got
some good news and some bad news."
	"Tell me the good news first" the patient replies.
	"The good news is that your penis is going to be about two inches
longer and about an inch wider," the doctor says.
	"That's great!" says his patient.  "What's the bad news?"
	"Malignant."


If you love something set it free.  If it doesn't
come back to you, hunt it down and kill it.


The other day I... uh, no, that wasn't me.
		-- Steven Wright


Goldfish... what stupid animals.  Even Wayne Cody stops
eating before he bursts.


Best of all is never to have been born.
Second best is to die soon.


If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail.
		-- Maslow


You will be the last person to buy a Chrysler.


To fear love is to fear life, and those
who fear life are already three parts dead.
		-- Bertrand Russell


Mickey Mouse has a long talk one day with a psychiatrist, after which
the psychiatrist interviews Minnie Mouse.  A few days later Mickey meets
with the psychiatrist, and the following conversation ensues:

Sigmund: I talked with Minnie after talking with you.
Mickey:  Oh?
Sigmund: I couldn't find anything wrong with her -- she isn't insane.
Mickey:  Idiot!  I didn't say she was insane -- I said she was
	 fuckin' Goofy.


F:	When into a room I plunge, I
	Sometimes find some VIOLET FUNGI.
	Then I linger, darkly brooding
	On the poison they're exuding.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC


Ignorance is the Mother of Devotion.
		-- Robert Burton


Life should not be a journey to the grave with the intention
of arriving safely in a pretty and well preserved body, but
rather to skid in broadside, thoroughly used up, totally worn out,
and loudly proclaiming --WOW---What A RIDE!!


Yea from the table of my memory
I'll wipe away all trivial fond records.
		-- Hamlet


She just came in, pounced around this thing with me for a few
years, enjoyed herself, gave it a sort of beautiful quality and
left.  Excited a few men in the meantime.
		-- Patrick Macnee, reminiscing on Diana Rigg's
		   involvement in "The Avengers".


The worst thing about some men is that when they are not drunk they
are sober.
		-- William Butler Yeats


Whoever tells a lie cannot be pure in heart -- and only the
pure in heart can make a good soup.
		-- Ludwig van Beethoven


The sheep died in the wool.


During the Reagan-Mondale debates:

Q:	"Do you feel that a person's age affects his ability to
		perform as president?"
Reagan:	"I refuse to make an issue out of my opponent's youth and
		inexperience."


Luke, I'm yer father, eh.  Come over to the dark side, you hoser.
		-- Dave Thomas, "Strange Brew"


In every hierarchy the cream rises until it sours.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


It's better to burn out than to fade away.


"We maintain that the very foundation of our way of life is what we call
free enterprise," said Cash McCall, "but when one of our citizens
show enough free enterprise to pile up a little of that profit, we do
our best to make him feel that he ought to be ashamed of himself."
		-- Cameron Hawley


There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly
what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly
disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and
inexplicable.

There is another theory which states that this has already happened.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the End of the Universe"


	Electricity is actually made up of extremely tiny particles,
called electrons, that you cannot see with the naked eye unless you
have been drinking.  Electrons travel at the speed of light, which in
most American homes is 110 volts per hour.  This is very fast.  In the
time it has taken you to read this sentence so far, an electron could
have traveled all the way from San Francisco to Hackensack, New Jersey,
although God alone knows why it would want to.
	The five main kinds of electricity are alternating current,
direct current, lightning, static, and European.  Most American homes
have alternating current, which means that the electricity goes in one
direction for a while, then goes in the other direction.  This prevents
harmful electron buildup in the wires.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


When your conscious becomes unconscious, you are drunk.
When your unconscious becomes conscious, you are stoned.


Regression analysis:
	Mathematical techniques for trying to understand why things are
	getting worse.


You are absolute plate-glass. I see to the very back of your mind.
		-- Sherlock Holmes


The trouble with incest is that it gets you involved with relatives.
		-- George S. Kaufman


Seems to me that both the Democrats and the Republicans should change their
symbols to a contraceptive device; it stands for inflation, inhibits
production, protects a bunch of pricks and gives everyone a false sense of
security while they're being screwed.


when i die, i'd like to go peacefully.
in my sleep.
like my grandfather.

not screaming,
like the passengers in his car...


Rocky's Lemma of Innovation Prevention
	Unless the results are known in advance,
	funding agencies will reject the proposal.


Ambition, n.:
	An overmastering desire to be vilified by enemies while
	living and made ridiculous by friends when dead.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The world wants to be deceived.
		-- Sebastian Brant


I stick my neck out for nobody.
		-- Humphrey Bogart, "Casablanca" (1942)


Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.
		-- Sigmund Freud


It is November first 1940; in the famous sound stage of THE WIZARD OF OZ on
the MGM lot, a little man is lying face-up on the yellow brick road.  His
wide eyes stare upward into the blinding stage lights.  He is wearing a
kind of comic soldier's uniform with a yellow coat and puffy sleeves and
big fez-like blue and yellow hat with a feather on top.  His yellow hair
and beard are the phony straw color of Hollywood.  He could pass for some
kind of cute in the typical tinsel-town way if it wasn't for the knife
sticking out of his chest.  *Someone had murdered a Munchkin.*
		-- Stuart Kaminsky, "Murder on the Yellow Brick Road"


It gets late early out there.
		-- Yogi Berra


QOTD:
	"If you're looking for trouble, I can offer you a wide selection."


CONFUSION:
	One woman plus one left turn.
EXCITEMENT:
	Two women plus one secret.
BEDLAM:
	Three women plus one bargain.
CHAOS:
	Four women plus one luncheon check.


The best way to preserve a right is to exercise it, and the right to
smoke is a right worth dying for.


