Without life, Biology itself would be impossible.


Fremen add life to spice!


Experiments must be reproducible; they should all fail in the same way.


Halt!!  Who goes there, friend or enema?


There are more ways of killing a cat than choking her with cream.


Rule 46, Oxford Union Society, London:
	Any member introducing a dog into the Society's premises shall
be liable to a fine of one pound.  Any animal leading a blind person
shall be deemed to be a cat.


In Pocataligo, Georgia, it is a violation for a woman over 200 pounds
and attired in shorts to pilot or ride in an airplane.


You're a good example of why some animals eat their young.
		-- Jim Samuels to a heckler

Ah, yes.  I remember my first beer.
		-- Steve Martin to a heckler

When your IQ rises to 28, sell.
		-- Professor Irwin Corey to a heckler


One thing the inventors can't seem to
get the bugs out of is fresh paint.


Kliban's First Law of Dining:
	Never eat anything bigger than your head.


QOTD:
	"Flash!  Flash!  I love you! ...but we only have fourteen hours to
	save the earth!"


There are two problems with a major hangover.  You feel
like you are going to die and you're afraid that you won't.


Hackers have kernel knowledge.


I don't understand what all the fuss was about in Los Angeles.
It's not like we looted Brooks Brothers when Oliver North got off.
		-- P.J. O'Rourke


The other day I... uh, no, that wasn't me.
		-- Steven Wright


It is the quality rather than the quantity that matters.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca


Nuke the gay, unborn, baby whales for Jesus.


The man with the best job in the country is the Vice President.  All he has
to do is get up every morning and say, "How's the President?"
		-- Will Rogers

The vice-presidency ain't worth a pitcher of warm spit.
		-- Vice President John Nance Garner


It proves what they say, give the public what they want to see and
they'll come out for it.
		-- Red Skelton, surveying the funeral of Hollywood
		   mogul Harry Cohn


The only psychologically damaging thing about masturbation is
that there's nobody else to blame later for persuading you to do it.


Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.
		-- Hector Berlioz


Be free and open and breezy!  Enjoy!
Things won't get any better so get used to it.


I was a cock-teaser at Rooster Rama.
I used to enrage the bantams before the big bouts.
		-- The Firesign Theatre


Ignorance is the Mother of Devotion.
		-- Robert Burton


When things go wrong as they usually will,
And your daily road seems all uphill,
When funds are low and debts are high,
When you try to smile, but can only cry --
And you really feel you'd like to quit,
Don't talk to me; I don't give a shit.


Hardly a pure science, history is closer to animal husbandry than it is
to mathematics, in that it involves selective breeding.  The principal
difference between the husbandryman and the historian is that the
former breeds sheep or cows or such, and the latter breeds (assumed)
facts.  The husbandryman uses his skills to enrich the future; the
historian uses his to enrich the past.  Both are usually up to their
ankles in bullshit.
		-- Tom Robbins


Quack!
	Quack!! Quack!!


Reality is just a crutch for people who can't handle science fiction.


Last night I dreamed I ate a ten-pound marshmallow, and when I woke up
the pillow was gone.
		-- Tommy Cooper


Never settle with words what you can accomplish with a flame thrower.


Share, n.:
	To give in, endure humiliation.


Don't be overly suspicious where it's not warranted.


It is not enough that I should succeed.  Others must fail.
		-- Ray Kroc, founder of McDonald's
		   [Also attributed to David Merrick.  Ed.]

It is not enough to succeed.  Others must fail.
		-- Gore Vidal
		   [Great minds think alike?  Ed.]


KERNEL:
	A part of an operating system that preserves the medieval
	traditions of sorcery and black art.


Is knowledge knowable?  If not, how do we know that?


You know, Callahan's is a peaceable bar, but if
you ask that dog what his favorite formatter is,
and he says "roff! roff!", well, I'll just have to...


If you had any brains, you'd be dangerous.


It's bad enough that life is a rat-race,
but why do the rats always have to win?


When the bosses talk about improving productivity, they are never talking
about themselves.


Always try to do things in chronological order; it's less confusing
that way.


There are new messages.


You can grovel with a lover, you can grovel with a friend,
You can grovel with your boss, and it never has to end.

(chorus)	Grovel, grovel, grovel, every night and every day,
		Grovel, grovel, grovel, in your own peculiar way.

You can grovel in a hallway, you can grovel in a park,
You can grovel in an alley with a mugger after dark.
(chorus)

You can grovel with your uncle, you can grovel with your aunt,
You can grovel with your Apple, even though you say you can't.
(chorus)


Meanwhile back at the oasis, the Ay-rabs wuz busy a-eatin' their dates!


Write a wise saying and your name will live forever.
		-- Anonymous


The major sin is the sin of being born.
		-- Samuel Beckett


An algorithm must be seen to be believed.
		-- Donald E. Knuth


FORTUNE EXPLAINS WHAT JOB REVIEW CATCH PHRASES MEAN:	#9

Has management potential:
	Because of his intimate relationship with inanimate objects, the
	reviewee has been appointed to the critical position of department
	pencil monitor.

Inspirational:
	A true inspiration to others.  ("There, but for the grace of God,
	go I.")

Adapts to stress:
	Passes wind, water, or out depending upon the severity of the
	situation.

Goal oriented:
	Continually sets low goals for himself, and usually fails
	to meet them.


What makes us so bitter against people who outwit us
is that they think themselves cleverer than we are.


A CONS is an object which cares.
		-- Bernie Greenberg


Sometimes the best medicine is to stop taking something.


Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it.
		-- Marvin, from
		   Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions.
		-- Alfred Adler


Before I knew the best part of my life had come, it had gone.


Mustgo, n.:
	Any item of food that has been sitting in the refrigerator so
	long it has become a science project.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


If Helen Keller is alone in a forest and falls, does she make a sound?


If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars.
		-- J. Paul Getty


Q:	How does a hacker fix a function which
	doesn't work for all of the elements in its domain?
A:	He changes the domain.


Kirkland, Illinois, law forbids bees to fly over the village or through
any of its streets.


If you float on instinct alone, how can you
calculate the buoyancy for the computed load?
		-- Christopher Hodder-Williams


Put your brain in gear before starting your mouth in motion.


	"What are we going to do?"
	"Me, I'm examining the major Western religions.  I'm looking
for something that's soft on morality, generous with holidays, and has a
short initiation period."
		-- Maddie and David, "Moonlighting"


Celebrate Hannibal Day this year.  Take an elephant to lunch.


The cost of living hasn't affected its popularity.


I'd love to kiss you, but I just washed my hair.
		-- Bette Davis, "Cabin in the Cotton"


Women -- can't live with 'em, can't leave 'em by the curb when you're done.


Advice from an old carpenter: measure twice, saw once.


Life is like an onion: you peel it off
one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep.
		-- Carl Sandburg


The greatest disloyalty one can offer to great pioneers
is to refuse to move an inch from where they stood.


You've been telling me to relax all the way here,
and now you're telling me just to be myself?
		-- The Return of the Secaucus Seven


Harry came into work on Monday feeling absolutely fine, and so was astonished
when his secretary urged him to lie down on the sofa; even more so when his
boss took one look at him and ordered him to take the day, if not the week,
off.  Even his poker buddies wouldn't have anything to do with him, insisting
that he go straight to bed.  Finally, tired of resisting everyone's advice,
he went to see his doctor, who took one look at him and rushed over with
a stretcher.
	"But doctor," he protested, "I feel fine."
Well, this was a puzzler, conceded the doctor, who proceeded to refer to the
enormous reference tomes behind his desk, muttering to himself.
	"Looks good, feels good...  No, you look like hell.  Looks good,
feels terrible...  Nah, you feel fine, right?"
Thumbing furiously through another volume, he said,
	"Looks terrible, feels terrible...  Nope, that won't do it either."
Finally, "Looks terrible, feels terrific... Aha!!  You're a vagina!"


If you resist reading what you disagree with, how will you ever acquire
deeper insights into what you believe?  The things most worth reading
are precisely those that challenge our convictions.


	One fine day, the bus driver went to the bus garage, started his bus,
and drove off along the route.  No problems for the first few stops -- a few
people got on, a few got off, and things went generally well.  At the next
stop, however, a big hulk of a guy got on.  Six feet eight, built like a
wrestler, arms hanging down to the ground.  He glared at the driver and said,
"Big John doesn't pay!" and sat down at the back.
	Did I mention that the driver was five feet three, thin, and basically
meek?  Well, he was.  Naturally, he didn't argue with Big John, but he wasn't
happy about it.  Well, the next day the same thing happened -- Big John got on
again, made a show of refusing to pay, and sat down.  And the next day, and the
one after that, and so forth.  This grated on the bus driver, who started
losing sleep over the way Big John was taking advantage of him.  Finally he
could stand it no longer. He signed up for bodybuilding courses, karate, judo,
and all that good stuff.  By the end of the summer, he had become quite strong;
what's more, he felt really good about himself.
	So on the next Monday, when Big John once again got on the bus
and said "Big John doesn't pay!," the driver stood up, glared back at the
passenger, and screamed, "And why not?"
	With a surprised look on his face, Big John replied, "Big John has a
bus pass."


ALBRECHT'S LAW:
	Social innovations tend to the level
	of minimum tolerable well-being.


A computer science student and a practical hacker are discussing problems
the computer science student has run in to.

CS Student:	I have this singularly linked tail-queued list and I'm trying
		to make it O(1) to go backwards an item, instead of O(n)...
		What's the best way to go about that?  Should I just use a
		cached hash of each item and put it into a sorted lookup
		table, and cache the hash of the last item in the current
		queue entry and then go to its place in the hash table and
		get the pointer value from there?
Hacker:		No, you should add an item to the structure named 'prev' and
		make it point to the previous item.
CS Student:	But we already have a structure element with that identifier
		and structure elements must have unique names within that
		scope!
Hacker:		So call it 'previous'.

And then the CS Student was enlightened.


Higher education helps your earning capacity.  Ask any college professor.


For men use, if they have an evil turn, to write it in marble:
and whoso doth us a good turn we write it in dust.
		-- Sir Thomas More


The income tax has made more liars out of the American people than golf
has.  Even when you make a tax form out on the level, you don't know
when it's through if you are a crook or a martyr.
		-- Will Rogers


Reactor error - core dumped!


Stellar rays prove fibbing never pays.
Embezzlement is another matter.


If we don't survive, we don't do anything else.
		-- John Sinclair


I don't object to sex before marriage, but two minutes before?!?


Es giebt ein Arbeiter von Tinz,
Er schlaft mit ein Madel von Linz.
	Sie sagt, "Halt sein' plummen,
	Ich hore Mann kommen."
"Jacht, jacht," sagt der Plummer, "Ich binz."


Beggars should be no choosers.
		-- John Heywood


"Twas bergen and the eirie road
Did mahwah into patterson:		"Beware the Hopatcong, my son!
All jersey were the ocean groves,	The teeth that bite, the nails
And the red bank bayonne.			that claw!
					Beware the bound brook bird, and shun
He took his belmar blade in hand:	The kearney communipaw."
Long time the folsom foe he sought
Till rested he by a bayway tree		And, as in nutley thought he stood,
And stood a while in thought.		The Hopatcong with eyes of flame,
					Came whippany through the englewood,
One, two, one, two, and through		And garfield as it came.
	and through
The belmar blade went hackensack!	"And hast thou slain the Hopatcong?
He left it dead and with it's head	Come to my arms, my perth amboy!
He went weehawken back.			Hohokus day!  Soho!  Rahway!"
					He caldwell in his joy.
Did mahwah into patterson:
All jersey were the ocean groves,
And the red bank bayonne.
		-- Paul Kieffer


QOTD:
	"Silence is the only virtue he has left."


QOTD:
	"I looked out my window, and saw Kyle Pettys' car upside down,
	then I thought `One of us is in real trouble.'"
		-- Davey Allison, on a 150 m.p.h. crash


Through a major bureaucratic error, you are made county coroner.
You seriously consider the job because it gives you:

	1: Lots of unclaimed wedding rings and watches.
	2: Lots of gold fillings and bridges.
	3: Free blood.
	4: A constantly changing array of new friends who aren't at
	   all stuffy about what happens to their genitalia.


To be happy one must be a) well fed, unhounded by sordid cares, at ease in
Zion, b) full of a comfortable feeling of superiority to the masses of one's
fellow men, and c) delicately and unceasingly amused according to one's taste.
It is my contention that, if this definition be accepted, there is no country
in the world wherein a man constituted as I am -- a man of my peculiar
weaknesses, vanities, appetites, and aversions -- can be so happy as he can
be in the United States.  Going further, I lay down the doctrine that it is
a sheer physical impossibility for such a man to live in the United States
and not be happy.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "On Being An American"


Old mail has arrived.


	Churchill was given to reading in the bathtub and, while staying at
the White House, he once became so engrossed in an account of the Battle of
Fonteney that he forgot President Roosevelt was due to drop by to discuss the
upcoming conference in Yalta.  At the appointed hour, the President was
wheeled into Churchill's quarters only to be informed that the Prime Minister
had not finished bathing.  Roosevelt was about to apologize for the intrusion
and depart when Churchill, puffing his customary cigar, strode into the room
stark naked and greeted the nonplussed world leader with a terse, "What are
you staring at, homo?"
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


	In the beginning, God created the Earth and he said, "Let there be
mud."
	And there was mud.
	And God said, "Let Us make living creatures out of mud, so the mud
can see what we have done."
	And God created every living creature that now moveth, and one was
man.  Mud-as-man alone could speak.
	"What is the purpose of all this?" man asked politely.
	"Everything must have a purpose?" asked God.
	"Certainly," said man.
	"Then I leave it to you to think of one for all of this," said God.
	And He went away.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., "Between Time and Timbuktu"


Is sex dirty?  Only if it's done right.
		-- Woody Allen, "All You Ever Wanted To Know About Sex"


SUGAR DADDY:
	A man who can afford to raise cain.


I tell ya, drugs never worked out for me.  The first time I tried smoking
pot I didn't know what I was doing.  I smoked half the joint, got the
munchies, and ate the other half.

Well, the first time I tried coke I was so embarrassed.  I kept getting the
bottle stuck up my nose.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


A mighty creature is the germ,
Though smaller than the pachyderm.
His customary dwelling place
Is deep within the human race.
His childish pride he often pleases
By giving people strange diseases.
Do you, my poppet, feel infirm?
You probably contain a germ.
		-- Ogden Nash


Love means having to say you're sorry every five minutes.


Vini, vidi, vici.
[I came, I saw, I conquered].
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar


What we see depends on mainly what we look for.
		-- John Lubbock


Courage is grace under pressure.


Remember, God could only create the world in 6 days because he didn't
have an established user base.


Filibuster, n.:
	Throwing your wait around.


I must have slipped a disk -- my pack hurts!


Then there was the girl whose boyfriend didn't smoke, drink or
swear, and never, ever made a pass at her.  He also made his own dresses.


Don't assume that every sad-eyed woman has loved and lost -- she may
have got him.


Common sense is the most evenly distributed quantity in the world.
Everyone thinks he has enough.
		-- Rene Descartes, 1637


I try to keep an open mind, but not so open that my brains fall out.
		-- Judge Harold T. Stone


We were so poor that we thought new clothes meant someone had died.


Be cautious in your daily affairs.


Life exists for no known purpose.


One of the first things school children in Texas learn is how to
compose a simple declarative sentence without the word "shit" in it.


Morton's Law:
	If rats are experimented upon, they will develop cancer.


Lord, defend me from my friends; I can account for my enemies.
		-- Charles D'Hericault


The computing field is always in need of new cliches.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


EARL GREY PROFILES

NAME:		Jean-Luc Perriwinkle Picard
OCCUPATION:	Starship Big Cheese
AGE:		94
BIRTHPLACE:	Paris, Terra Sector
EYES:		Grey
SKIN:		Tanned
HAIR:		Not much
LAST MAGAZINE READ:
		Lobes 'n' Probes, the Ferengi-Betazoid Sex Quarterly
TEA:		Earl Grey.  Hot.

EARL GREY NEVER VARIES.


Unfortunately, most programmers like to play with new toys.  I have many
friends who, immediately upon buying a snakebite kit, would be tempted to
throw the first person they see to the ground, tie the tourniquet on him,
slash him with the knife, and apply suction to the wound.
		-- Jon Bentley


Quality control:
	Assuring that the quality of a product does not get out of hand
	and add to the cost of its manufacture or design.


Celestial navigation is based on the premise that the Earth is the center
of the universe.  The premise is wrong, but the navigation works.  An
incorrect model can be a useful tool.
		-- Kelvin Throop III


	"And what will you do when you grow up to be as big as me?"
asked the father of his little son.
	"Diet."


If you work for a man, in heaven's name, work for him.
If he pays you wages which supply you bread and butter, work for him; speak
	well of him; stand by him, and by the institution he represents.
If put to a pinch, an ounce of loyalty is worth a pound of cleverness.
If you must vilify, condemn and eternally find disparage -- resign your
	position, and when you are outside, damn to your heart's content...
	but, as long as you are part of the institution do not condemn it.
If you do that, you are loosening the tendrils that are holding you to the
	institution, and at the first high wind that comes along, you will
	be uprooted and blown away, and probably will never know the reason
	why.


Q:	Are we not men?
A:	We are Vaxen.


Kill Kill,
Hate Hate,
Murder, Maim, and Mutilate!


The rules:

1:  Thou shalt not worship other computer systems.
2:  Thou shalt not impersonate Liberace or eat watermelon while sitting at
	the console keyboard.
3:  Thou shalt not slap users on the face, nor staple their silly little
	card decks together.
4:  Thou shalt not get physically involved with the computer system,
	especially if you're already married.
5:  Thou shalt not use magnetic tapes as Frisbees, nor use a disk pack as
	a stool to reach another disk pack.
6:  Thou shalt not stare at the blinking lights for more than one 8 hour
	shift.
7:  Thou shalt not tell users that you accidentally destroyed their
	files/backup just to see the look on their little faces.
8:  Thou shalt not enjoy canceling a job.
9:  Thou shalt not display firearms in the computer room.
10: Thou shalt not push buttons "just to see what happens".


Each man is his own prisoner, in solitary confinement for life.


Isn't it strange that the same people that
laugh at gypsy fortune tellers take economists seriously?


This is your fortune.


Philosophy is to the real world as masturbation is to sex.
		-- Karl Marx


Women waste men's lives and think they have
indemnified them by a few gracious words.
		-- Honore de Balzac


... a thing called Ethics, whose nature was confusing but if you had it you
were a High-Class Realtor and if you hadn't you were a shyster, a piker and
a fly-by-night.  These virtues awakened Confidence and enabled you to handle
Bigger Propositions.  But they didn't imply that you were to be impractical
and refuse to take twice the value for a house if a buyer was such an idiot
that he didn't force you down on the asking price.
		-- Sinclair Lewis, "Babbitt"


He was so gay he'd never lean his ass on a baseball bat --
scared it'd get serious.


Competence, like truth, beauty, and contact lenses,
is in the eye of the beholder.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


Never put off till run-time what you can do at compile-time.
		-- D. Gries


sillema sillema nika su
[translation: look it up...hint-fin]


We seldom repent talking too little, but very often talking too much.
		-- Jean de la Bruyere


It's not hard to admit errors that are [only] cosmetically wrong.
		-- J. K. Galbraith


Welcome to Fortune Blackmail!!
	This is the first of a series of revelations which could
	add up to a divorce, premature retirement and possible
	criminal proceedings for a company vice-president in Langley Virginia.
	So, Mr. S*****, $10,000 please to stop us from revealing:
		1: Whose shoulders you were sitting on.
		2: What you were doing.
		3: The names of the three people involved.
		4: The youth organization to which they belonged.
		5: The shop where you bought the equipment.


I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
		-- Mark Twain


One good turn asketh another.
		-- John Heywood


Fortunate is he for whom the belle toils.


Don't try to outweird me, three-eyes.  I get stranger things than you free
with my breakfast cereal.
		-- Zaphod Beeblebrox


The woman you buy -- and she is the least expensive -- takes a great
deal of money.  The woman who gives herself takes all your time.
		-- Honore de Balzac


Everywhere you go you'll see them searching,
Everywhere you turn you'll feel the pain,
Everyone is looking for the answer,
Well look again.
		-- Moody Blues, "Lost in a Lost World"


To whom the mornings are like nights,
What must the midnights be!
		-- Emily Dickinson (on hacking?)


Dieters live life in the fasting lane.


It's important that people know what you stand for.
It's more important that they know what you won't stand for.


		(to "The Caissons Go Rolling Along")
Scratch the disks, dump the core,	Shut it down, pull the plug
Roll the tapes across the floor,	Give the core an extra tug
And the system is going to crash.	And the system is going to crash.
Teletypes smashed to bits.		Mem'ry cards, one and all,
Give the scopes some nasty hits		Toss out halfway down the hall
And the system is going to crash.	And the system is going to crash.
And we've also found			Just flip one switch
When you turn the power down,		And the lights will cease to twitch
You turn the disk readers into trash.	And the tape drives will crumble
						in a flash.
Oh, it's so much fun,			When the CPU
Now the CPU won't run			Can print nothing out but "foo,"
And the system is going to crash.	The system is going to crash.


I do not take drugs -- I am drugs.
		-- Salvador Dali


If entropy is increasing, where is it coming from?


A "practical joker" deserves applause for his wit according to its quality.
Bastinado is about right.  For exceptional wit one might grant keelhauling.
But staking him out on an anthill should be reserved for the very wittiest.
		-- Lazarus Long


The majority of the stupid is invincible and guaranteed for all time.
The terror of their tyranny, however, is alleviated by their lack of
consistency.
		-- Albert Einstein


General notions are generally wrong.
		-- Lady M. W. Montagu


God votes Republican.


The only thing which separates man from child is all the values
he has lost over the years.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


I think, therefore I am... I think.


Always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid back.


He who walks on burning coals is sure to get burned.
		-- Sinbad


	A secretary entered her boss's office with the announcement: "I have
some good news and some bad news."
	He muttered, "It's quarterly report day, Sally -- just the good news."
	She replied, "You're not sterile."


In defeat, unbeatable; in victory, unbearable.
		-- Winston Churchill, on General Montgomery


Far duller than a serpent's tooth it is to spend a quiet youth.


And then there was the lawyer that stepped in cow manure and thought
he was melting...


McQuillan was on the stand. The case involved a railroad and several of
the passengers who were injured.
	"You say," thundered the counsel for the railroad, "that you saw
the two trains crash head on while doing sixty miles an hour.  What did you
think when you saw this happen?"
	"I thought," replied the Irishman, "this is one *helluva* way to run
a railroad."


Brisk talkers are usually slow thinkers.  There is, indeed, no wild beast
more to be dreaded than a communicative man having nothing to communicate.
If you are civil to the voluble, they will abuse your patience; if
brusque, your character.
		-- Jonathan Swift


And all that the Lorax left here in this mess
was a small pile of rocks with the one word, "unless."
Whatever THAT meant, well, I just couldn't guess.
That was long, long ago, and each day since that day,
I've worried and worried and worried away.
Through the years as my buildings have fallen apart,
I've worried about it with all of my heart.

"BUT," says the Oncler, "now that you're here,
the word of the Lorax seems perfectly clear!
UNLESS someone like you cares a whole awful lot,
nothing is going to get better - it's not.
So... CATCH!" cries the Oncler.  He lets something fall.
"It's a truffula seed.  It's the last one of all!

"You're in charge of the last of the truffula seeds.
And truffula trees are what everyone needs.
Plant a new truffula -- treat it with care.
Give it clean water and feed it fresh air.
Grow a forest -- protect it from axes that hack.
Then the Lorax and all of his friends may come back!"
		-- Dr. Seuss, "The Lorax"


Some marriages are made in heaven -- but so are thunder and lightning.


If you want to understand your government, don't begin by reading the
Constitution.  It conveys precious little of the flavor of today's statecraft.
Instead, read selected portions of the Washington telephone directory
containing listings for all the organizations with titles beginning with
the word "National".
		-- George Will


There is no doubt that my lawyer is honest.  For example, when he
filed his income tax return last year, he declared half of his salary
as "unearned income."
		-- Michael Lara


When you live in a sick society,
just about everything you do is wrong.


Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	Do as I say, not as I do.
	Do me a favour and don't tell me about it.  I don't want to know.
	What did you do *this* time?
	If it didn't taste bad, it wouldn't be good for you.
	When I was your age...
	I won't love you if you keep doing that.
	Think of all the starving children in India.
	If there's one thing I hate, it's a liar.
	I'm going to kill you.
	Way to go, clumsy.
	If you don't like it, you can lump it.


Folks, what can I tell you about my next guest.  This cat allowed himself
to be adored, but not loved. And his success in show business was matched
by failure in his personal relationship bag, now that's where he really
bombed.  And he came to believe that work, show business, love, his whole
life, even himself and all that jazz was bullshit.  He became numero uno
gameplayer.  Uh, to the point where he didn't know where the games ended
and the reality began.  Like to this cat, the only reality... is death, man.
Ladies and gentlemen, let me lay on you, a so-so entertainer, not much of
a humanitarian, and this cat was never nobody's friend.  In his final
appearance on the great stage of life, uh, you can applaud if you want to,
Mr. Joe Gideon!!
		-- All That Jazz


Fucking is a filthy deed. -- I like it.
It satisfies a normal need. -- I like it.
	It makes you sick, it makes you well,
	It turns your spine to fucking jell,
It damns your soul to Eternal Hell! -- I like it.


The speed of anything depends on the flow of everything.


Piece of cake!
		-- G. S. Koblas


Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt.
		-- Herbert Hoover


Jim, this is Matty down at Ralph's and Mark's.  Some guy named Angel
Martin just ran up a fifty buck bar tab.  And now he wants to charge it
to you.  You gonna pay it?


The less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag.
		-- Kin Hubbard


