Wait for that wisest of all counselors, Time.
		-- Pericles


Always leave room to add an explanation if it doesn't work out.


Burnt Sienna.  That's the best thing that ever happened to Crayolas.
		-- Ken Weaver


If little else, the brain is an educational toy.
		-- Tom Robbins


Well, he went down to dinner in his Sunday best,
Excitable boy, they all said!
And he rubbed the pot roast all over his chest,
Excitable boy, they all said!  (Well, he's just an excitable boy.)

He took in the 4am show at the Clark,
Excitable boy, they all said!
And he bit the usherette's leg in the dark,
Excitable boy, they all said!  (Well, he's just an excitable boy.)

He took little Susie to the junior prom,
Excitable boy, they all said!
And he raped her and killed her, then he took her home,
Excitable boy, they all said!  (Well, he's just an excitable boy!)

After ten long years they let him out of the home,
Excitable boy, they all said!
And he dug up her grave and built a cage with her bones,
Excitable boy, they all said!  (Well, he's just an excitable boy.)
		-- Warren Zevon, "Excitable Boy"


The computing field is always in need of new cliches.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


He flung himself on his horse and rode madly off in all directions.
		-- Stephen Leacock


It's difficult to see the picture when you are inside the frame.


A rich man told me recently that a liberal is a man who tells other
people what to do with their money.
		-- Imamu Amiri Baraka (Leroi Jones)


	"You are *so* lovely."
	"Yes."
	"Yes!  And you take a compliment, too!  I like that in a goddess."


This is the way the world ends,
This is the way the world ends,
This is the way the world ends,
Not with a bang but with a whimper.
		-- T. S. Eliot, "The Hollow Men"


Say!  You've struck a heap of trouble--
Bust in business, lost your wife;
No one cares a cent about you,
You don't care a cent for life;
Hard luck has of hope bereft you,
Health is failing, wish you'd die--
Why, you've still the sunshine left you
And the big blue sky.
		-- R. W. Service


He is considered a most graceful speaker
who can say nothing in the most words.


In war it is not men, but the man who counts.
		-- Napoleon


When I was in college, there were a lot of four-letter words you couldn't
say in front of girls.  Now you can say them.  But you can't say "girls".


	"How do you know she is a unicorn?" Molly demanded.  "And why
were you afraid to let her touch you?  I saw you.  You were afraid of her."
	"I doubt that I will feel like talking for very long," the cat
replied without rancor.  "I would not waste time in foolishness if I were
you.  As to your first question, no cat out of its first fur can ever be
deceived by appearances.  Unlike human beings, who enjoy them.  As for your
second question --"  Here he faltered, and suddenly became very interested
in washing; nor would he speak until he had licked himself fluffy and then
licked himself smooth again.  Even then he would not look at Molly, but
examined his claws.
	"If she had touched me," he said very softly, "I would have been
hers and not my own, not ever again."
		-- Peter S. Beagle, "The Last Unicorn"


Shall we make a new rule of life from tonight:
always to try to be a little kinder than is necessary?
		-- J. M. Barrie


Last night the power went out.  Good thing my camera had a flash....
The neighbors thought it was lightning in my house, so they called the cops.
		-- Steven Wright


Strange things are done to be number one
In selling the computer			The Druids were entrepreneurs,
IBM has their strategem			And they built a granite box
Which steadily grows acuter,		It tracked the moon, warned of monsoons,
And Honeywell competes like Hell,	And forecast the equinox
But the story's missing link		Their price was right, their future
Is the system old at Stonemenge sold		bright,
By the firm of Druids, Inc.		The prototype was sold;
					From Stonehenge site their bits and byte
					Would ship for Celtic gold.
The movers came to crate the frame;
It weighed a million ton!
The traffic folk thought it a joke	The man spoke true, and thus to you
(the wagon wheels just spun);		A warning from the ages;
"They'll nay sell that," the foreman	Your stock will slip if you can't ship
	spat,				What's in your brochure's pages.
"Just leave the wild weeds grow;	See if it sells without the bells
"It's Druid-kind, over-designed,	And strings that ring and quiver;
"And belly up they'll go."		Druid repute went down the chute
					Because they couldn't deliver.
		-- Edward C. McManus, "The Computer at Stonehenge"


A countryman between two lawyers is like a fish between two cats.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


His mind is like a steel trap: full of mice.
		-- Foghorn Leghorn


We tried to close Ohio's borders and ran into a Constitutional problem.
There's a provision in the Constitution that says you can't close your
borders to interstate commerce, and garbage is a form of interstate commerce.
		-- Ohio Lt. Governor Paul Leonard


Work is of two kinds: first, altering the position of matter at or near
the earth's surface relative to other matter; second, telling other people
to do so.
		-- Bertrand Russell


Don't dip your wick in a WAC,
Don't ride the breast of a WAVE,
	Just sit in the sand
	And do it by hand,
And buy bonds with the money you save.


Age and treachery will always overcome youth and skill.


QOTD:
	"I tried buying a goat instead of a lawn tractor; had to return
	it though.  Couldn't figure out a way to connect the snow blower."


Paprika Measure:

	2 dashes    ==  1 smidgen
	2 smidgens  ==  1 pinch
	3 pinches   ==  1 soupcon
	2 soupcons  ==  too much paprika


Don't I know you?


Gold coast slave ship bound for cotton fields
Sold in a market down in New Orleans
Scarred old slaver knows he's doing alright
Hear him whip the women, just around midnight

Ah, brown sugar how come you taste so good?
Ah, brown sugar just like a young girl should

Drums beating cold English blood runs hot
Lady of the house wonderin' where it's gonna stop
House boy knows that he's doing alright
You should a heard him just around midnight.
...
I bet your mama was tent show queen
And all her girlfriends were sweet sixteen
I'm no school boy but I know what I like
You should have heard me just around midnight.
		-- Rolling Stones, "Brown Sugar"


The day will come when the mystical generation of Jesus, by the Supreme Being
as his Father, in the womb of a virgin will be classified with the fable of
the generation of Minerva in the brain of Jupiter.  But we may hope that the
dawn of reason and freedom of thought in these United States will do away with
this artificial scaffolding and restore to us the primitive and genuine
doctrines of this most venerated Reformer of human errors.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


HERMIT:
	A man who'd rather get off by himself.


We may not return the affection of those who like us,
but we always respect their good judgment.


(1)	Office employees will daily sweep the floors, dust the
	furniture, shelves, and showcases.
(2)	Each day fill lamps, clean chimneys, and trim wicks.
	Wash the windows once a week.
(3)	Each clerk will bring a bucket of water and a scuttle of
	coal for the day's business.
(4)	Make your pens carefully.  You may whittle nibs to your
	individual taste.
(5)	This office will open at 7 a.m. and close at 8 p.m. except
	on the Sabbath, on which day we will remain closed.  Each
	employee is expected to spend the Sabbath by attending
	church and contributing liberally to the cause of the Lord.
		-- "Office Worker's Guide", New England Carriage
		    Works, 1872


Microbiology Lab:  Staph Only!


A man without a God is like a fish without a bicycle.


In cosmetics, there's cases of revolutionary Venus Envy Hair Spray;
Legette Hair Fastener Heat Bags; Lady O' Spain Self-Blinding Eye Shadow
with Magic Puncture Pencil; Sanitary Napkin Rings in Little Miss, Moon
Maid and Stuck Pig Strength; and deported Italian Napagel Balls for
soaking or eating; and they're all slash-priced with the lady in mind...
		-- The Firesign Theatre


She was only a moonshiner's daughter, but I love her still.


Just give Alice some pencils and she will stay busy for hours.


I don't drink, I don't like it, it makes me feel too good.
		-- K. Coates


How can you work when the system's so crowded?


The man who follows the crowd will usually get no further than the crowd.
The man who walks alone is likely to find himself in places no one has ever
been.
		-- Alan Ashley-Pitt


Meanwhile back at the oasis, the Ay-rabs wuz busy a-eatin' their dates!


But Officer, I stopped for the last one, and it was green!


I Can't Get Over You, So I Get Up and Go Around to the Other Side
If You Won't Leave Me Alone, I'll Find Someone Who Will
I Knew That You'd Committed a Sin When You Came Home Late With
	Your Socks Outside-in
I'm a Rabbit in the Headlights of Your Love
Don't Kick My Tires If You Ain't Gonna Take Me For a Ride
I Liked You Better Before I Knew You So Well
I Still Miss You, Baby, But My Aim's Gettin' Better
I've Got Red Eyes From Your White Lies and I'm Blue All the Time
		-- proposed Country-Western song titles from "Wordplay"


Every cloud engenders not a storm.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


Most of the fear that spoils our life comes from attacking
difficulties before we get to them.
		-- Dr. Frank Crane


It is your concern when your neighbor's wall is on fire.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
		-- Winston Churchill


You can get much further with a kind word and a
gun than you can with a kind word alone.
		-- Al Capone
		   [Also attributed to Johnny Carson.  Ed.]


If the American dream is for Americans only, it will remain our dream
and never be our destiny.
		-- Ren'e de Visme Williamson


When your conscious becomes unconscious, you are drunk.
When your unconscious becomes conscious, you are stoned.


Madison's Inquiry:
	If you have to travel on the Titanic, why not go first class?


Give me a sleeping pill and tell me your troubles.


It is considered normal to consecrate virginity in the
general and lust for its destruction in the particular.


To craunch a marmoset.
		-- Pedro Carolino, "English as She is Spoke"


The goys have proven the following theorem...
		-- Physicist John von Neumann, at the start of a classroom
		lecture.


Is that a pistol in your pocket or are you just glad to see me?
		-- Mae West


Q:	What's a JAP's (Jewish American Princess) dream house?
A:	Fourteen rooms in Scarsdale, no kitchen, no bedroom.


A Smith & Wesson beats four aces.


Some things have to be believed to be seen.


In Denver it is unlawful to lend your vacuum cleaner to your next-door
neighbor.


RADIO SHACK LEVEL II BASIC
READY
>_


Sex and drugs and rock and roll,
Is all my brain and body need.
Sex and drugs and rock and roll,
Are very good indeed.

Take your silly ways,
Throw them out the window,
The wisdom of your ways,
I've been there and I know,
Lots of other ways...
		-- Ian Drury, "New Boots and Panties"


Show me a good loser in professional sports and I'll show you an idiot.
Show me a good sportsman and I'll show you a player I'm looking to trade.
		-- Leo Durocher


The moving finger having writ... gestures.


The solution of problems is the most characteristic
and peculiar sort of voluntary thinking.
		-- William James


I didn't believe in reincarnation in any of my other lives.  I don't see why
I should have to believe in it in this one.
		-- Strange de Jim


Men will fuck mud.
		-- Lenny Bruce


A hundred years from now it is very likely that [of Twain's works] "The
Jumping Frog" alone will be remembered.
		-- Harry Thurston Peck (Editor of "The Bookman"), January 1901


Pardon this fortune.  Database under reconstruction.


If you notice that a person is deceiving you,
they must not be deceiving you very well.


The difference between women and girls
is as much as twenty years in some states.


The primary function of the design engineer is to make things
difficult for the fabricator and impossible for the serviceman.


At the hospital, a doctor is training an intern on how to announce bad news
to the patients.  The doctor tells the intern "This man in 305 is going to
die in six months.  Go in and tell him."  The intern boldly walks into the
room, over to the man's bedside and tells him "Seems like you're gonna die!"
The man has a heart attack and is rushed into surgery on the spot.  The doctor
grabs the intern and screams at him, "What!?!? are you some kind of moron?
You've got to take it easy, work your way up to the subject.  Now this man in
213 has about a week to live.  Go in and tell him, but, gently, you hear me,
gently!"
	The intern goes softly into the room, humming to himself, cheerily
opens the drapes to let the sun in, walks over to the man's bedside, fluffs
his pillow and wishes him a "Good morning!"  "Wonderful day, no?  Say...
guess who's going to die soon!"


Condense soup, not books!


There once was a king who ruled his country long, wisely, and well.  The
king had a son whom he hoped would someday rule the land.  He also wished
in his heart that the son would be wise and compassionate.  One day he said
to the prince:
	"If you promised that you would give a certain woman anything, even
half of your kingdom, and then she demanded the life of your best friend,
what would your decision be, my son?"
	The young prince thought for a moment and then said, "I would tell
her that she was my best friend, and then cut off her head."
	The king knew that his son would be a great king.


If every kid had a funny tooth to bite down on whenever the world disappointed
him, prussic acid could solve our population problems in one generation.
		-- G. C. Edmonson's Albert, "The Man Who Corrupted Earth"


The older a man gets, the farther he had to walk to school as a boy.


The answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe, and Everything was
released with the kind permission of the Amalgamated Union of Philosophers,
Sages, Luminaries, and Other Professional Thinking Persons.


Showerbath: Natural venue for sexual adventures -- wash together, make love
together: only convenient overhead point in most apartments or hotel rooms
to attach a partner's hands.  Don't pull down the fixture, however -- it
isn't weightbearing.  See Discipline.
		-- The Joy of Sex


Your spooning days are over,
	And your pilot light is out;
When what used to be your sex appeal
	Is now your water spout!


For they starve the frightened little child
Till it weeps both night and day:
And they scourge the weak, and flog the fool,
And gibe the old and grey,
And some grow mad, and all grow bad,
And none a word may say.

Each narrow cell in which we dwell
Is a foul and dark latrine,
And the fetid breath of living Death
Chokes up each grated screen,
And all, but Lust, is turned to dust
In Humanity's machine.

And all men kill the thing they love,
By all let this be heard,
Some do it with a bitter look,
Some with a flattering word,
The coward does it with a kiss,
The brave man with a sword.
		-- Oscar Wilde


I use technology in order to hate it more properly.
		-- Nam June Paik


Coyote love, n.:
	Coyote love is a nebulous term.  Basically, what it involves is
	the taking of a member of the preferred sex home from a singles
	bar.  Then, when you wake up the next morning, they're sleeping
	on your arm.  So, rather than wake them up as you escape, you
	chew off your arm at the shoulder.

Coyote ugly, adj.:
	When you chew off the other arm 'cause she'll be looking for
	a one-armed man!

See also proof that average instantaneous beauty increases monotonically
as alcohol consumption increases and time, t, approaches last call.


Beware of the man who knows the answer before he understands the question.


The Utah version of this joke goes:
	One of the Council of the Twelve runs breathlessly into the Presidents'
office one day.  The President looks up and says "Brother, what is so important
that you ran all the way here, losing your breath?"
	The Council member finally regains his breath, and says "The Savior is
in the lobby!!"
	The President immediate starts for the door, crying "It has come!  The
prophecies are fulfilled!  We are all about to be uplifted!"
	The Council member says "Wait!  You didn't let me finish!  She's...
black, and SHE IS PISSED!"


As for Carter being for registration but against the draft, isn't that
sort of being like for putting it in and not taking it out?  Even if it
was possible not to follow through, you'd still be getting screwed.


You don't sew with a fork, so I see no
reason to eat with knitting needles.
		-- Miss Piggy, on eating Chinese Food


I know what you're thinking -- "Did he fire six shots or only five?"
Well, to tell you the truth, in all the excitement, I kind of lost track
myself.  But being this is a .44 Magnum, the most powerful handgun in the
world, and would blow your head clean off, you've got to ask yourself
one question: "Do I feel lucky?"  Well, do you, punk?
		-- Harry Callahan, badge #2211


I never vote for anyone.  I always vote against.
		-- W. C. Fields


Sleep -- the most beautiful experience in life -- except drink.
		-- W. C. Fields


Real software engineers don't like the idea of some inexplicable and
greasy hardware several aisles away that may stop working at any
moment.  They have a great distrust of hardware people, and wish that
systems could be virtual at *_a_l_l* levels.  They would like personal
computers (you know no one's going to trip over something and kill your
DFA in mid-transit), except that they need 8 megabytes to run their
Correctness Verification Aid packages.


You must include all income you receive in the form of money, property
and services if it is not specifically exempt.  Report property (goods)
and services at their fair market values.  Examples include income from
bartering or swapping transactions, side commissions, kickbacks, rent
paid in services, illegal activities (such as stealing, drugs, etc.),
cash skimming by proprietors and tradesmen, "moonlighting" services,
gambling, prizes and awards.  Not reporting such income can lead to
prosecution for perjury and fraud.
		-- Excerpt from Taxachussettes income tax forms


It now costs more to amuse a child than it once did to educate his father.


It is perfectly permissible for every system call to fail with [ENOTADUCK]
unless the first five bytes of the caller's address space contain the
word "quack".
		-- Garrett Wollman


Murder is always a mistake -- one should never do anything one cannot
talk about after dinner.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Picture of Dorian Gray"


	Will Rogers, having paid too much income tax one year, tried in
vain to claim a rebate.  His numerous letters and queries remained
unanswered.  Eventually the form for the next year's return arrived.  In
the section marked "DEDUCTIONS," Rogers listed: "Bad debt, US Government
-- $40,000."


A New Yorker was driving through Berkeley when he saw a big crowd gathered
by the side of the street.  Curiosity got the better of him and he leaned
out of his window to ask an onlooker what was going on.  The fellow explained
that a protestor against the U.S. position in South America had doused
himself with gasoline and set himself on fire.  "That's terrible," gasped
the man.  "But why is everyone still standing around?"
	"Well, they're taking up a collection for his wife and kids," the
onlooker explained.  "Would you be willing to help?"
	"Well, sure," replied the New Yorker.  "I suppose I could spare a
gallon or two."


Language is a virus from another planet.
		-- William Burroughs


QOTD:
	"What would the world be like without men?  A lot of fat,
	happy women."


Oh, I don't blame Congress.  If I had $600 billion at my disposal, I'd
be irresponsible, too.
		-- Lichty & Wagner


Ask five economists and you'll get five different explanations (six if
one went to Harvard).
		-- Edgar R. Fiedler


He played the king as if afraid someone else would play the ace.
		-- John Mason Brown, drama critic


	The programmers of old were mysterious and profound.  We cannot fathom
their thoughts, so all we do is describe their appearance.
	Aware, like a fox crossing the water.  Alert, like a general on the
battlefield.  Kind, like a hostess greeting her guests. Simple, like uncarved
blocks of wood.  Opaque, like black pools in darkened caves.
	Who can tell the secrets of their hearts and minds?
	The answer exists only in the Tao.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Girls who throw themselves at men,
are actually taking very careful aim.


Your spooning days are over,
	And your pilot light is out;
When what used to be your sex appeal
	Is now your water spout!


To every Ph.D. there is an equal and opposite Ph.D.
		-- B. Duggan


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(35) Rather than feel guilty as some do, you should thank God for making
     you an American.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Excessive login or logout messages are a sure sign of senility.


People who fight fire with fire usually end up with ashes.
		-- Abigail Van Buren


Chocolate Chip.


A system admin's life is a sorry one.  The only advantage he has over
Emergency Room doctors is that malpractice suits are rare.  On the
other hand, ER doctors never have to deal with patients installing
new versions of their own innards!
		-- Michael O'Brien


Hear that...
	the Pope's next pronouncement on birth control is to be titled
	"Paul's Epistle to the Fallopians"?


November, n.:
	The eleventh twelfth of a weariness.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


* * * * * THIS TERMINAL IS IN USE * * * * *


Q:	Are we not men?
A:	We are Vaxen.


To give happiness is to deserve happiness.


There are twenty-five people left in the world,
and twenty-seven of them are hamburgers.
		-- Ed Sanders


It is so very hard to be an on-your-own-take-care-of-
yourself-because-there-is-no-one-else-to-do-it-for-you grown up.


Hi!  I'm Larry.  This is my brother Bob, and this is my other brother
Jimbo.  We thought you might like to know the names of your assailants.


The purpose of Physics 7A is to make the engineers realize that they're
not perfect, and to make the rest of the people realize that they're not
engineers.


I don't get no respect.


Some scholars are like donkeys, they merely carry a lot of books.
		-- Folk saying


Fortune Documents the Great Legal Decisions:

It is a rule of evidence deduced from the experience of mankind and
supported by reason and authority that positive testimony is entitled to
more weight than negative testimony, but by the latter term is meant
negative testimony in its true sense and not positive evidence of a
negative, because testimony in support of a negative may be as positive
as that in support of an affirmative.
		-- 254 Pac. Rep. 472


All theoretical chemistry is really physics;
and all theoretical chemists know it.
		-- Richard P. Feynman


Then there was the Formosan bartender named Taiwan-On.


	A Pole, a Soviet, an American, an Englishman and a Canadian were lost
in a forest in the dead of winter.  As they were sitting around a fire, they
noticed a pack of wolves eyeing them hungrily.
	The Englishman volunteered to sacrifice himself for the rest of the
party.  He walked out into the night.
	The American, not wanting to be outdone by an Englishman, offered to
be the next victim.  The wolves eagerly accepted his offer, and devoured him,
too.
	The Soviet, believing himself to be better than any American, turned
to the Pole and says, "Well, comrade, I shall volunteer to give my life to
save a fellow socialist."  He leaves the shelter and goes out to be killed by
the wolf pack.
	At this point, the Pole opened his jacket and pulls out a machine gun.
He takes aim in the general direction of the wolf pack and in a few seconds
has killed them all.
	The Canadian asked the Pole, "Why didn't you do that before the others
went out to be killed?
	The Pole pulls a bottle of vodka from the other side of his jacket.
He smiles and replies, "Five men on one bottle -- too many."


One has to look out for engineers -- they begin with sewing machines
and end up with the atomic bomb.
		-- Marcel Pagnol


Having the fewest wants, I am nearest to the gods.
		-- Socrates


New York:
	Where men are men, sheep enjoy it, and lepers laugh their heads off.


What time is it?
I don't know, it keeps changing.


When we write programs that "learn",
it turns out we do and they don't.


In good speaking, should not the mind of the speaker
know the truth of the matter about which he is to speak?
		-- Plato


