Higgeldy Piggeldy,
Hamlet of Elsinore
Ruffled the critics by dropping this bomb:
"Phooey on Freud and his Psychoanalysis --
Oedipus, Shmoedipus, I just loved Mom."


...the flaw that makes perfection perfect.


People say I live in my own little fantasy world... well, at least they
*know* me there!
		-- D. L. Roth


Portable, adj.:
	Survives system reboot.


There must be at least 500,000,000 rats in the United
States; of course, I never heard the story before.


Paralysis through analysis.


The day advanced as if to light some work of mine; it was morning,
and lo! now it is evening, and nothing memorable is accomplished.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


If 10 years from now, when you are doing something quick
and dirty, you suddenly visualize that I am looking over your
shoulders and say to yourself, "Dijkstra would not have liked this",
well that would be enough immortality for me.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


... the privileged being which we call human is distinguished from
other animals only by certain double-edged manifestations which in
charity we can only call "inhuman."
		-- R. A. Lafferty


He who laughs, lasts.


When a person goes on a diet, the first thing he loses is his temper.


There is something in the pang of change
More than the heart can bear,
Unhappiness remembering happiness.
		-- Euripides


The possession of a book becomes a substitute for reading it.
		-- Anthony Burgess


CChheecckk  yyoouurr  dduupplleexx  sswwiittcchh..


Some women should be beaten regularly, like gongs.
		-- Noel Coward


Real programmers don't write in FORTRAN.  FORTRAN is for pipe stress
freaks and crystallography weenies.  FORTRAN is for wimp engineers who
wear white socks.


The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality
of functions performed by private citizens.
		-- Alexis de Tocqueville


They are relatively good but absolutely terrible.
		-- Alan Kay, commenting on Apollos


Under any conditions, anywhere, whatever you are doing, there is some
ordinance under which you can be booked.
		-- Robert D. Sprecht, Rand Corp.


Love is what you've been through with somebody.
		-- James Thurber


Q:	What do you call a nun who has had a sex change operation?
A:	A transistor.


A motion to adjourn is always in order.


Maturity is only a short break in adolescence.
		-- Jules Feiffer


The future is going to be boring.
		-- J. G. Ballard


The tree of research must from time to time
be refreshed with the blood of bean counters.
		-- Alan Kay


If just one piece of mail gets lost, well, they'll just think they forgot to
send it.  But if *two* pieces of mail get lost, hell, they'll just think the
other guy hasn't gotten around to answering his mail.  And if *fifty* pieces
of mail get lost, can you imagine it, if *fifty* pieces of mail get lost, why
they'll think something *else* is broken!  And if 1Gb of mail gets lost,
they'll just *know* that uunet is down and think it's a conspiracy to keep
them from their God given right to receive Net Mail ...
		-- Leith (Casey) Leedom, apologies to Arlo Guthrie


God shows his contempt for wealth by the kind of person he selects
to receive it.
		-- Austin O'Malley


You will have a head crash on your private pack.


Pile driver, n.:
	Local drink; two parts vodka, one part prune juice.


Life is like an onion: you peel off layer after
layer and then you find there is nothing in it.
		-- James Huneker


You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.


I wonder what my wife will want tonight;
Wonder if the wife will fuss and fight?
	I wonder can she tell
	That I've been raising hell;
Wonder if she'll know that I've been tight?

My wife is just as nice as can be,
I hope she doesn't feel too nice toward me.
	For an afternoon of joy,
	Is hell on the old boy,
I wonder what the wife will want tonight!


Have at you!


The Poems, all three hundred of them,
may be summed up in one of their phrases:
"Let our thoughts be correct".
		-- Confucius


Angels we have heard on High
Tell us to go out and Buy.
		-- Tom Lehrer


Most men would never get laid if it weren't for the pity fuck.


	What is involved in such [close] relationships is a form of emotional
chemistry, so far unexplained by any school of psychiatry I am aware of, that
conditions nothing so simple as a choice between the poles of attraction and
repulsion.  You can meet some people thirty, forty times down the years, and
they remain amiable bystanders, like the shore lights of towns that a sailor
passes at stated times but never calls at on the regular run.  Conversely,
all considerations of sex aside, you can meet some other people once or twice
and they remain permanent influences on your life.
	Everyone is aware of this discrepancy between the acquaintance seen
as familiar wallpaper or instant friend.  The chemical action it entails is
less worth analyzing than enjoying.  At any rate, these six pieces are about
men with whom I felt an immediate sympat - to use a coining of Max Beerbohm's
more satisfactory to me than the opaque vogue word "empathy".
		-- Alistair Cooke, "Six Men"


Given the choice between accomplishing something and just lying around, I'd
rather lie around.  No contest.
		-- Eric Clapton


After spending a forbidden night on the town, two young nuns were trying
to sneak through the fence surrounding their Convent.
	"You know," giggled one as she held the wire apart for the other
to crawl through, "I feel like a Marine."
	"So do I," the other nun sighed, "but where are we going to
find one at three in the morning?"


A certain bartender decided to try to get a few new customers into his bar
by starting a gimmick involving a horse.  His claim was that if anyone could
get the horse to laugh, he would give them drinks on the house.  The idea
worked well and business improved until one night a young man walked in and
whispered in the horse's ear.  The horse immediately burst into hysterical
laughter and the man won the contest.  The next night the same thing
happened: the man whispered in the horse's ear and the horse burst out
laughing.  The next night, the bartender decided to change the rules.  Now,
a person had to get the horse to cry in order to win the drinks on the
house.  Later on that night, the same guy came in and said "Can I take the
horse into the bathroom for a minute?  I promise I'll make him cry."  The
bartender agreed and sure enough, when the man came out leading the horse,
the horse was crying his eyes out.  The bartender could take it no more and
said, "How did you make him laugh the other two nights?"
	"I told him that my dick was bigger than his", replied the man.
	"How did you make him cry tonight?"
	"I proved it."


Earth is a beta site.


Rome was not built in one day.
		-- John Heywood


We will follow Zarathustra,		We will worship like the Druids,
Zarathustra like we use to,		Dancing naked in the woods,
I'm a Zarathustra booster,		Drinking strange fermented fluids,
And he's good enough for me!		And it's good enough for me!
(chorus)				(chorus)

In the church of Aphrodite,
The priestess wears a see through nightie,
She's a mighty righteous sightie,
And she's good enough for me!
(chorus)

CHORUS:	Give me that old time religion,
	Give me that old time religion,
	Give me that old time religion,
	'Cause it's good enough for me!


He's like a function -- he returns a value, in the form of
his opinion.  It's up to you to cast it into a void or not.
		-- Phil Lapsley


For I swore I would stay a year away from her; out and alas!
but with break of day I went to make supplication.
		-- Paulus Silentarius, c. 540 A.D.


The San Francisco police are nothing if not sensitive to the mood of the
community.  The word is that Dirty Harry has been replaced by Bitchy Gerald.


Most people have a furious itch to talk about themselves and are restrained
only by the disinclination of others to listen.  Reserve is an artificial
quality that is developed in most of us as the result of innumerable rebuffs.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham


You will find me drinking gin
In the lowest kind of inn,
Because I am a rigid Vegetarian.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


To err is human, but I can REALLY foul things up.


How come we never talk anymore?


Mr. Rockford, this is the Thomas Crown School of Dance and Contemporary
Etiquette.  We aren't going to call again!  Now you want these free
lessons or what?


"I don't really mind her being unfaithful," sighed the man to his
marriage counselor, "but I just can't sleep three in a bed."


A real friend isn't someone you use once and then throw away.
A real friend is someone you can use over and over again.


Learning at some schools is like drinking from a firehose.


Give me a Plumber's friend the size of the Pittsburgh
dome, and a place to stand, and I will drain the world.


It's not easy being green.
		-- Kermit


The orders come down and they march us away.
There's a battle outside and we join in the fray.
God, it's hell when you know this could be your last day,
But it's better than working for Xerox.
		-- Frank Hayes, "Don't Ask"


A man's gotta know his limitations.
		-- Clint Eastwood, "Dirty Harry"


QOTD:
	"It seems to me that your antenna doesn't bring in too many
	stations anymore."


Now is the time for drinking;
now the time to beat the earth with unfettered foot.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


An evil mind is a great comfort.


This file will self-destruct in five minutes.


I always pass on good advice.  It is the only thing to do with it.
It is never any good to oneself.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "An Ideal Husband"


In a display of perverse brilliance, Carl the repairman mistakes a room
humidifier for a mid-range computer but manages to tie it into the network
anyway.
		-- The 5th Wave


Seize the day, put no trust in the morrow!
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Finster's Law:
A closed mouth gathers no feet.


1/2 oz. gin
1/2 oz. vodka
1/2 oz. rum (preferably dark)
3/4 oz. tequila
1/2 oz. triple sec
1/2 oz. orange juice
3/4 oz. sour mix
1/2 oz. cola
shake with ice and strain into frosted glass.
		Long Island Iced Tea


You know very well that whether you are on page one or page thirty depends
on whether [the press] fear you.  It is just as simple as that.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Program, n.:
	A magic spell cast over a computer allowing it to turn one's input
	into error messages.  tr.v. To engage in a pastime similar to banging
	one's head against a wall, but with fewer opportunities for reward.


Q:	Why did the chicken cross the road?
A:	He was giving it last rites.


XIIdigitation, n.:
	The practice of trying to determine the year a movie was made
	by deciphering the Roman numerals at the end of the credits.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


No man can have a reasonable opinion of women until he has long lost
interest in hair restorers.
		-- Austin O'Malley


If I don't drive around the park,
I'm pretty sure to make my mark.
If I'm in bed each night by ten,
I may get back my looks again.
If I abstain from fun and such,
I'll probably amount to much;
But I shall stay the way I am,
Because I do not give a damn.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Never get into fights with ugly people because they have nothing to lose.


Hear about...
	the fine, upstanding young woman who's wonderful laying down?


Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
		-- A. H. Weiler


Argue for your limitations, and sure enough, they're yours.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


Old McDonald had a farm,
E-I-E-I-O!
And on this farm he had some chicks,
E-I-E-I-O!
With a chick-chick here,
And a chick-chick there,
Here a chick,
There a chick,
Everywhere a chick-chick,
Old McDonald lost his farm
'Cause he had too many chicks!


The algorithm for finding the longest path in a graph is NP-complete.
For you systems people, that means it's *real slow*.
		-- Bart Miller


Weinberg's Second Law:
	If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs,
	then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization.
		-- Gerald Weinberg


The opposite of talking isn't listening.  The opposite of talking is
waiting.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


A woman, especially if she have the misfortune
of knowing anything, should conceal it as well as she can.
		-- Jane Austen


I went over to my friend, he was eatin' a pickle.
I said "Hi, what's happenin'?"
He said "Nothin'."
Try to sing this song with that kind of enthusiasm;
As if you just squashed a cop.
		-- Arlo Guthrie, "Motorcycle Song"


Hypocrite, n.:
	A man who says he likes cats, but won't eat pussy.


	THE WOMBAT

The wombat lives across the seas,
Among the far Antipodes.
He may exist on nuts and berries,
Or then again, on missionaries;
His distant habitat precludes
Conclusive knowledge of his moods.
But I would not engage the wombat
In any form of mortal combat.


Q:	What is the difference between Texas and yogurt?
A:	Yogurt has culture.


What you want, what you're hanging around in the world waiting for, is for
something to occur to you.
		-- Robert Frost

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to AST's.]


What will happen when the 32-bit Unix date goes negative in mid-January
2038 does not bear thinking about.
		-- Henry Spencer


I don't want to say that she had big tits, but one day I asked her
	just how big they was, and she said, "7 and 7/8".
I said, "7 and 7/8?!  What did you measure 'em with?"
And she replied, "A Stetson."


Hedonist for hire... no job too easy!


Girls who put out are tramps.  Girls who don't are ladies.  This is,
however, a rather archaic use of the word.  Should one of you boys happen
upon a girl who doesn't put out, do not jump to the conclusion that you
have found a lady.  What you have probably found is a lesbian.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"


First rule of public speaking.
	First, tell 'em what you're goin' to tell 'em;
	then tell 'em;
	then tell 'em what you've tole 'em.


The Law of the Letter:
	The best way to inspire fresh thoughts is to seal the envelope.


I've never been hurt by anything I didn't say.
		-- Calvin Coolidge


God must love assholes -- She made so many of them.


Going the speed of light is bad for your age.


You see, I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty
attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose.  A fool
takes in all the lumber of every sort he comes across, so that the knowledge
which might be useful to him gets crowded out, or at best is jumbled up with
a lot of other things, so that he has difficulty in laying his hands upon it.
Now the skillful workman is very careful indeed as to what he takes into his
brain-attic.  He will have nothing but the tools which may help him in doing
his work, but of these he has a large assortment, and all in the most perfect
order.  It is a mistake to think that that little room has elastic walls and
can distend to any extent.  Depend upon it there comes a time when for every
addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before.  It is of
the highest importance, therefore, not to have useless facts elbowing out
the useful ones.
		-- Sherlock Holmes


Madam, there's no such thing as a tough child --
if you parboil them first for seven hours, they always come out tender.
		-- W. C. Fields


When the only tool you have is a hammer, every problem starts to look
like a nail.


Watch out for a cold wave this week.  (Or maybe a warm WAC.)


More people are flattered into virtue than bullied out of vice.
		-- R. S. Surtees


One day, in a bar, a young man walks in with a little dwarf about one foot
tall on his shoulder and orders a beer.  The bartender serves the man a beer;
to his astonishment, the little guy walks down the man's arm, takes a swallow
of the brew and spits it in his face.  After a few minutes the customer
orders another beer and the exact same thing happens.  Well, by this time,
the bartender is getting pretty upset; he figures that the man should take
care of the dwarf.  So he asks the guy, "Why are you letting that guy drink
all your beer and spit it in my face?"
	"Well, sir, when I was on a contract in Saudi Arabia I met this genie
and he granted me three wishes.  I asked for a million dollars, the most
beautiful woman in the world, and a twelve-inch prick.


The human animal differs from the lesser
primates in his passion for lists of "Ten Best".
		-- H. Allen Smith


It's sweet to be remembered, but it's often cheaper to be forgotten.


In my world, there are people in chains and we can ride them like ponies.
		-- Evil Willow, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Doppelgangland"
		   Season 3, Episode 16


