If a nation values anything more than freedom, it will lose its freedom;
and the irony of it is that if it is comfort or money it values more, it
will lose that, too.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham


Theorem: All programs are dull.

Proof: Assume the contrary; i.e., the set of interesting programs is
nonempty.  Arrange them (or it) in order of interest (note that all
sets can be well ordered, so do it properly).  The minimal element is
the "least interesting program", the obvious dullness of which provides
the contradictory denouement we so devoutly seek.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


You're not my type.  For that matter, you're not even my species!!!


Hear about...
	the fun-loving young lady who insists she won't even consider
	marriage until she's gotten some experience under her belt?


Sight is a faculty; seeing is an art.


Rev. Jim:	What does an amber light mean?
Bobby:		Slow down.
Rev. Jim:	What...   does...  an...  amber...  light...  mean?
Bobby:		Slow down.
Rev. Jim:	What....     does....     an....     amber....     light....


The discerning person is always at a disadvantage.


			Pittsburgh driver's test
9: Roads are salted in order to
	a) kill grass.
	b) melt snow.
	c) help the economy.
	d) prevent potholes.
The correct answer is c.
Road salting employs thousands of persons directly, and millions more
indirectly, for example, salt miners and rustproofers.  Most important,
salting reduces the life spans of cars, thus stimulating the car and
steel industries.


MOTHER:
	Half a word.


He missed an invaluable opportunity to hold his tongue.
		-- Andrew Lang


	I made it a rule to forbear all direct contradictions to the sentiments
of others, and all positive assertion of my own.  I even forbade myself the use
of every word or expression in the language that imported a fixed opinion, such
as "certainly", "undoubtedly", etc.  I adopted instead of them "I conceive",
"I apprehend", or "I imagine" a thing to be so or so; or "so it appears to me
at present".
	When another asserted something that I thought an error, I denied
myself the pleasure of contradicting him abruptly, and of showing him
immediately some absurdity in his proposition.  In answering I began by
observing that in certain cases or circumstances his opinion would be right,
but in the present case there appeared or seemed to me some difference, etc.
	I soon found the advantage of this change in my manner; the
conversations I engaged in went on more pleasantly.  The modest way in which I
proposed my opinions procured them a readier reception and less contradiction.
I had less mortification when I was found to be in the wrong, and I more easily
prevailed with others to give up their mistakes and join with me when I
happened to be in the right.
		-- Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin


I haven't lost my mind; I know exactly where I left it.


SOMETIMES THE BEAUTY OF THE WORLD is so overwhelming, I just want to throw
back my head and gargle. Just gargle and gargle and I don't care who hears
me because I am beautiful.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


You can never trust a woman; she may be true to you.


When two people are under the influence of the most violent, most
insane, most delusive, and most transient of passions, they are
required to swear that they will remain in that excited, abnormal, and
exhausting condition continuously until death do them part.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Since before the Earth was formed and before the sun burned hot in space,
cosmic forces of inexorable power have been working relentlessly toward
this moment in space-time -- your receiving this fortune.


CHRISTMAS:
	A day set apart by some as a time for turkey, presents, cranberry
	salads, family get-togethers; for others, noted as having the best
	response time of the entire year.


If I traveled to the end of the rainbow
As Dame Fortune did intend,
Murphy would be there to tell me
The pot's at the other end.
		-- Bert Whitney


Cleveland still lives.  God MUST be dead.


Q:	What goes
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
A:	Stevie Wonder doing the Rubik's Cube.


Bank error in your favor.  Collect $200.


So, good night, you moonlit ladies,
Rock-a-bye sweet baby James.
Deep greens and blues are the colors I choose,
Won't you let me go down in my dreams?
And rock-a-bye sweet baby James.
		-- James Taylor, "Rock-a-bye Sweet Baby James"


Which is worse: ignorance or apathy?  Who knows?  Who cares?


Death to all fanatics!


IOT trap -- mos dumped


The majority of the stupid is invincible and guaranteed for all time.
The terror of their tyranny, however, is alleviated by their lack of
consistency.
		-- Albert Einstein


What does it mean if there is no fortune for you?


Earth is a beta site.


Cogito ergo I'm right and you're wrong.
		-- Blair Houghton


She been married so many times
she got rice marks all over her face.
		-- Tom Waits


Women, when they are not in love, have all
the cold blood of an experienced attorney.
		-- Honore de Balzac


The glances over cocktails
That seemed to be so sweet
Don't seem quite so amorous
Over Shredded Wheat


Hi, I'm Preston A. Mantis, president of Consumers Retail Law Outlet.
As you can see by my suit and the fact that I have all these books of
equal height on the shelves behind me, I am a trained legal attorney.
Do you have a car or a job?  Do you ever walk around?  If so, you
probably have the makings of an excellent legal case.  Although of
course every case is different, I would definitely say that based on my
experience and training, there's no reason why you shouldn't come out
of this thing with at least a cabin cruiser.

Remember, at the Preston A. Mantis Consumers Retail Law Outlet, our
motto is:  "It is very difficult to disprove certain kinds of pain."
		-- Dave Barry, "Pain and Suffering"


Do not handicap your children by making their lives easy.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


All the big corporations depreciate their possessions, and you can,
too, provided you use them for business purposes.  For example, if you
subscribe to the Wall Street Journal, a business-related newspaper, you
can deduct the cost of your house, because, in the words of U.S.
Supreme Court Chief Justice Warren Burger in a landmark 1979 tax
decision: "Where else are you going to read the paper?  Outside?  What
if it rains?"
		-- Dave Barry, "Sweating Out Taxes"


If at first you don't succeed, you're doing about average.
		-- Leonard Levinson


"You would do well not to imagine profundity," he said.  "Anything that seems
of momentous occasion should be dwelt upon as though it were of slight note.
Conversely, trivialities must be attended to with the greatest of care.
Because death is momentous, give it no thought; because victory is important,
give it no thought; because the method of achievement and discovery is less
momentous than the effect, dwell always upon the method.  You will strengthen
yourself in this way."
		-- Jessica Salmonson, "The Swordswoman"


I've been watching you closely to see if you have been good this year;
and since you have, I will be telling my elves to make some goodies for me
to leave under your tree on Christmas.  I was going to bring you all the
gifts from the twelve days of Christmas, but we had a little problem up here.
The twelve fiddlers fiddling have all come down with V.D. from fiddling with
the ten ladies dancing, the eleven lords-a-leaping have knocked up the eight
maids-a-milking, and the nine pipers piping have been arrested for doing
weird things to the seven swans-a-swimming and the six geese-a-laying.  The
four calling birds, three French hens, two turtle doves, and the partridge
in the pear tree have me up to my ass in birdshit.  On top of all this, Mrs.
Claus is going through menopause, eight of my reindeer are in heat, the elves
have joined gay liberation, and those dumb ass Polacks have scheduled
Christmas for the fifth of February.  I'll do what I can.
		Sincerely,
		Santa


Said a modest young miss to de Sade,
I'm simply too shy and afraid
	To take part in your pranks.
	But to show you my thanks,
I'd just love to become your first aide.


There are people so addicted to exaggeration
that they can't tell the truth without lying.
		-- Josh Billings


... the Mayo Clinic, named after its founder, Dr. Ted Clinic ...
		-- Dave Barry


	If the tao is great, then the operating system is great.  If the
operating system is great, then the compiler is great.  If the compiler
is great, then the application is great.  If the application is great, then
the user is pleased and there is harmony in the world.
	The tao gave birth to machine language.  Machine language gave birth
to the assembler.
	The assembler gave birth to the compiler.  Now there are ten thousand
languages.
	Each language has its purpose, however humble.  Each language
expresses the yin and yang of software.  Each language has its place within
the tao.
	But do not program in Cobol or Fortran if you can help it.


May all your PUSHes be POPped.


Said a lesbian lady, "It's sad;
Of all the girls that I've had,
	None gave me the thrill
	Of real rapture until
I learned how to be a tribade."


I have already given two cousins to the war and I stand ready to
sacrifice my wife's brother.
		-- Artemus Ward


It's the sighs that count.


When I heated my home with oil, I used an average of 800 gallons a
year.  I have found that I can keep comfortably warm for an entire
winter with slightly over half that quantity of beer.
		-- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"


Arguments are extremely vulgar, for everyone
in good society holds exactly the same opinion.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Before borrowing money from a friend, decide which you need more.
		-- Addison H. Hallock


Perplexed, a shy virgin named Plummer
Asked, "what's there to do in the summer?"
	She declined and declined
	Till approached from behind...
When her summer turned out quite a bummer!


It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry
a tune.
		-- Woody Allen


My best argument against discrimination is quite simple:

Does it really matter if the ABC people are inferior to the DEF people if
they can tell one end of a gun from the other?


Infatuation, n.:
	When you're in love, there's a lump in your throat.
	When you're infatuated, there's a lump in your pants.


Why does man kill?  He kills for food.
And not only food: frequently there must be a beverage.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


What would you do with a brain if you had one?
		-- Judy Garland as Dorothy Gale, "The Wizard of Oz"


... this is an awesome sight.  The entire rebel resistance buried under six
million hardbound copies of "The Naked Lunch."
		-- The Firesign Theatre


In order to discover who you are, first learn who everybody else is;
you're what's left.


The moving finger having writ... gestures.


A pessimist is a man who has been compelled to live with an optimist.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


Not all who own a harp are harpers.
		-- Marcus Terentius Varro


There were the Scots
Who kept the Sabbath
And everything else they could lay their hands on.
Then there were the Welsh
Who prayed on their knees and their neighbors.
Thirdly there were the Irish
Who never knew what they wanted
But were willing to fight for it anyway.
Lastly there were the English
Who considered themselves a self-made nation
Thus relieving the Almighty of a dreadful responsibility.


ELECTRIC JELL-O

2   boxes JELL-O brand gelatin	2 packages Knox brand unflavored gelatin
2   cups fruit (any variety)	2+ cups water
1/2 bottle Everclear brand grain alcohol

Mix JELL-O and Knox gelatin into 2 cups of boiling water.  Stir 'til
	fully dissolved.
Pour hot mixture into a flat pan.  (JELL-O molds won't work.)
Stir in grain alcohol instead of usual cold water.  Remove any congealing
	glops of slime. (Alcohol has an unusual effect on excess JELL-O.)
Pour in fruit to desired taste, and to absorb any excess alcohol.
Mix in some cold water to dilute the alcohol and make it easier to eat for
	the faint of heart.
Refrigerate overnight to allow mixture to fully harden. (About 8-12 hours.)
Cut into squares and enjoy!

WARNING:
	Keep ingredients away from open flame.  Not recommended for
	children under eight years of age.


Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet depreciate agitation, are
men who want rain without thunder and lightning.  They want the ocean
without the roar of its many waters.
		-- Frederick Douglass


FACILITY REJECTED 100044200000;


To stay youthful, stay useful.


There is no likelihood man can ever tap the power of the atom.
		-- Robert Millikan, Nobel Prize in Physics, 1923


One day this guy is finally fed up with his middle-class existence and
decides to do something about it.  He calls up his best friend, who is a
mathematical genius.  "Look," he says, "do you suppose you could find some
way mathematically of guaranteeing winning at the race track?  We could
make a lot of money and retire and enjoy life."  The mathematician thinks
this over a bit and walks away mumbling to himself.
	A week later his friend drops by to ask the genius if he's had any
success.  The genius, looking a little bleary-eyed, replies, "Well, yes,
actually I do have an idea, and I'm reasonably sure that it will work, but
there a number of details to be figured out.
	After the second week the mathematician appears at his friend's house,
looking quite a bit rumpled, and announces, "I think I've got it! I still have
some of the theory to work out, but now I'm certain that I'm on the right
track."
	At the end of the third week the mathematician wakes his friend by
pounding on his door at three in the morning.  He has dark circles under his
eyes.  His hair hasn't been combed for many days.  He appears to be wearing
the same clothes as the last time.  He has several pencils sticking out from
behind his ears and an almost maniacal expression on his face.  "WE CAN DO
IT!  WE CAN DO IT!!" he shrieks. "I have discovered the perfect solution!!
And it's so EASY!  First, we assume that horses are perfect spheres in simple
harmonic motion..."


Two percent of zero is almost nothing.


Q:	What do you get when you cross a mobster with an international
	standard?
A:	You get someone who makes you an offer that you can't understand!


Take everything in stride.
Trample anyone who gets in your way.


The faster we go, the rounder we get.
		-- The Grateful Dead


The English country gentleman galloping after a fox -- the unspeakable
in full pursuit of the uneatable.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "A Woman of No Importance"


There's a lesson that I need to remember
When everything is falling apart
In life, just like in loving
There's such a thing as trying to hard

You've gotta sing
Like you don't need the money
Love like you'll never get hurt
You've gotta dance
Like nobody's watching
It's gotta come from the heart
If you want it to work.
		-- Kathy Mattea


There are a lot of lies going around.... and half of them are true.
		-- Winston Churchill


A lady is one who never shows her underwear unintentionally.
		-- Lillian Day


To a New Yorker, all Californians are blond, even the blacks.  There are,
in fact, whole neighborhoods that are zoned only for blond people.  The
only way to tell the difference between California and Sweden is that the
Swedes speak better English.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


QOTD:
	"I thought I saw a unicorn on the way over, but it was just a
	horse with one of the horns broken off."


I bet you have fun chasing the soap around the bathtub.
		-- Princess Diana, to a one-armed war veteran during
		   a visit to a London veterans hospital


Other than that, Mrs. Lincoln, how did you like the play?


Look at it this way:
Your wife's spending $280 a month on meditation lessons to
forget $26,000 of college education.
And you're still drinking ordinary scotch?


Body by Nautilus, Brain by Mattel.


If I knew what brand [of whiskey] he drinks,
I would send a barrel or so to my other generals.
		-- Abraham Lincoln, on General Grant


Very few people do anything creative after the age of thirty-five.  The
reason is that very few people do anything creative before the age of
thirty-five.
		-- Joel Hildebrand


(null cookie; hope that's ok)


I can feel for her because, although I have never been an Alaskan prostitute
dancing on the bar in a spangled dress, I still get very bored with washing
and ironing and dishwashing and cooking day after relentless day.
		-- Betty MacDonald


I sold my memoirs of my love life to Parker
Brothers -- they're going to make a game out of it.
		-- Woody Allen


	WARNING TO ALL PERSONNEL:

Firings will continue until morale improves.


It may or may not be worthwhile, but it still has to be done.


Don't you feel more like you do now than you did when you came in?


Nobody can be exactly like me.  Sometimes even I have trouble doing
it.
		-- Tallulah Bankhead


	Max told his friend that he'd just as soon not go hiking in the hills.
Said he, "I'm an anti-climb Max."


When women love us, they forgive us everything, even our crimes;
when they do not love us, they give us credit for nothing, not
even our virtues.
		-- Honore de Balzac


A gentleman never strikes a lady with his hat on.
		-- Fred Allen


If it has syntax, it isn't user-friendly.


It seems that John gets this phone call:
	"Hello," he answers.  The voice on the other end of the line
is hard and cold.
	"This is Susan," he hears.  "We met at a party a few months
ago.
	"Of course, Susan!", John replies.  "How are you?"
	"Not very well.  Remember how after the party you took me home and
we parked?  And you told me that I was a 'good sport'?  Well, I'm pregnant
and I'm going to kill myself tonight."
	John is silent for a few moments, collecting his thoughts.  "Well,"
he finally replies, "you sure *are* a good sport."


She blinded me with science!


Lawyer's Rule:
	When the law is against you, argue the facts.
	When the facts are against you, argue the law.
	When both are against you, call the other lawyer names.


Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold.


I like paying taxes.  With them I buy civilization.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


Jim, it's Grace at the bank.  I checked your Christmas Club account.
You don't have five-hundred dollars.  You have fifty.  Sorry, computer foul-up!


The eagle may soar, but the weasel never gets sucked into a jet engine.


Join the march to save individuality!


It got to the point where I had to get a haircut
or both feet firmly planted in the air.


COMPUTER:
	An electronic entity which performs sequences of useful steps in a
	totally understandable, rigorously logical manner.  If you believe
	this, see me about a bridge I have for sale in Manhattan.


FORTUNE REMEMBERS THE GREAT MOTHERS: #6

	"Johnny, if you fall and break your leg, don't come running to me!"
		-- Mrs. Emily Barstow, June 16, 1954


To envision how a 4-processor system running [SunOS] 4.1.x works, think
of four kids and one bathroom.
		-- John DiMarco


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#6

Bathrooms:
	A man has six items in his bathroom -- a toothbrush, toothpaste,
shaving cream, razor, a bar of Dial soap, and a towel from the Holiday Inn.
The average number of items in the typical woman's bathroom is 437.  A man
would not be able to identify most of these items.

Groceries:
	A woman makes a list of things she needs and then goes to the store
and buys these things.  A man waits 'til the only items left in his fridge
are half a lime and a Blue Ribbon.  Then he goes grocery shopping.  He buys
everything that looks good.  By the time a man reaches the checkout counter,
his cart is packed tighter that the Clampett's car on Beverly Hillbillies.
Of course, this will not stop him from entering the 10-items-or-less lane.


Women can keep a secret just as well as men,
but it takes more of them to do it.


The race is not always to the swift, nor the
battle to the strong, but that's the way to bet.
		-- Damon Runyon


Near the Studio Jean Cocteau
On the Rue des Ecoles
lived an old man
with a blind dog
Every evening I would see him
guiding the dog along
the sidewalk, keeping
a firm grip on the leash
so that the dog wouldn't
run into a passerby
Sometimes the dog would stop
and look up at the sky
Once the old man
noticed me watching the dog
and he said, "Oh, yes,
this one knows
when the moon is out,
he can feel it on his face"
		-- Barry Gifford


He's just a politician trying to save both his faces...


Is there life before breakfast?


Sometimes the light is all shining on me,
Other times I can hardly see.
Lately it occurs to me
What a long strange trip it's been.
		-- The Grateful Dead, "American Beauty"


THEORY:
	System of ideas meant to explain something, chosen with a view to
	originality, controversialism, incomprehensibility, and how good
	it will look in print.


Diplomacy is about surviving until the next century.
Politics is about surviving until Friday afternoon.
		-- Sir Humphrey Appleby


When I was young we didn't have MTV; we
had to take drugs and go to concerts.
		-- Steven Pearl


The whole of life is futile unless you
consider it as a sporting proposition.


Waiter: "Tea or coffee, gentlemen?"
1st customer: "I'll have tea."
2nd customer: "Me, too -- and be sure the glass is clean!"
	(Waiter exits, returns)
Waiter: "Two teas.  Which one asked for the clean glass?"


Beauty is truth, truth beauty, that is all
Ye know on earth, and all ye need to know.
		-- John Keats


TV is chewing gum for the eyes.
		-- Frank Lloyd Wright


After spending a forbidden night on the town, two young nuns were trying
to sneak through the fence surrounding their Convent.
	"You know," giggled one as she held the wire apart for the other
to crawl through, "I feel like a Marine."
	"So do I," the other nun sighed, "but where are we going to
find one at three in the morning?"


Hydrogen: A colorless, odorless, lighter than air gas which, given
time, turns into people.
		-- Harlow Shapley


Zero Defects, n.:
	The result of shutting down a production line.


When I came back to Dublin I was courtmartialed in my absence and sentenced
to death in my absence, so I said they could shoot me in my absence.
		-- Brendan Behan


Never trust anybody whose arm is bigger than your leg.


Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain.
		-- Frank Morgan as The Wizard, "The Wizard of Oz"


If you think technology can solve your security problems, then you
don't understand the problems and you don't understand the technology.
		-- Bruce Schneier


Goldfish... what stupid animals.  Even Wayne Cody stops
eating before he bursts.


Truth is stranger than fiction, because fiction has to make sense.


Better by far you should forget and
smile than that you should remember and be sad.
		-- Christina Rossetti


The fearless old bishop of Brest
Put his faith in the Lord to the test.
	He fucked whores in the apse
	With chancres and claps,
But first they were sprinkled and blessed.


About the only thing on a farm that has an easy time is the dog.


Love to eat them mousies,
Mousies I love to eat.
Bite they little heads off,
Nibble at they tiny feet.
		-- Kliban


My notion of a husband at forty is that a woman should
be able to change him, like a bank note, for two twenties.


	THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #2: RENE

Named after the famous French philosopher and mathematician Rene
Descartes, RENE is a language used for artificial intelligence.  The
language is being developed at the Chicago Center of Machine Politics
and Programming under a grant from the Jane Byrne Victory Fund.  A
spokesman described the language as "Just as great as dis [sic] city of
ours."

The center is very pleased with progress to date.  They say they have
almost succeeded in getting a VAX to think. However, sources inside the
organization say that each time the machine fails to think it ceases to
exist.


You have an unusual magnetic personality.  Don't walk too close to
metal objects which are not fastened down.


Is it just me, or does anyone else read "bible humpers" every time
someone writes "bible thumpers?"
		-- Joel M. Snyder, jms@mis.arizona.edu


My father was a creole, his father a Negro, and his father a monkey; my
family, it seems, begins where yours left off.
		-- Alexandre Dumas, pere


Boy, I sure wish that I could be in the
'Advanced Systems Development' group!


Pascal is Pascal is Pascal is dog meat.
		-- M. Devine and P. Larson, Computer Science 340


Patch griefs with proverbs.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Much Ado About Nothing"


	Catching his children with their hands in the new, still wet, patio,
the father spanked them.  His wife asked, "Don't you love your children?"
"In the abstract, yes, but not in the concrete."


Chaste makes waste.


Kitchen activity is highlighted.
Butter up a friend.


God gave man two ears and one tongue so
that we listen twice as much as we speak.
		-- Arab proverb


Business is a good game -- lots of competition
and minimum of rules.  You keep score with money.
		-- Nolan Bushnell, founder of Atari


Inglish Spocken Hier: some mangled translations

	Various signs in Poland:

		Right turn toward immediate outside.

		Go soothingly in the snow, as there lurk the ski demons.

		Five o'clock tea at all hours.

	In a men's washroom in Sidney:

		Shake excess water from hands, push button to start,
		rub hands rapidly under air outlet and wipe hands
		on front of shirt.

		-- Colin Bowles, San Francisco Chronicle


I got my driver's license photo taken out of focus on purpose.  Now
when I get pulled over the cop looks at it (moving it nearer and
farther, trying to see it clearly)...  and says, "Here, you can go."
		-- Steven Wright


You may carve it on his tombstone, you may cut it on his card
That a young man married is a young man marred.
		-- Rudyard Kipling, "The Story of the Gadsbys"


I don't care who you are, Fatso.  Get those reindeer off my roof.


If I had done everything I'm credited with, I'd be speaking to you from
a laboratory jar at Harvard.
		-- Frank Sinatra

AS USUAL, YOUR INFORMATION STINKS.
		-- Frank Sinatra, telegram to "Time" magazine


I have never been one to sacrifice
my appetite on the altar of appearance.
		-- A. M. Readyhough


The Fifth Rule:
	You have taken yourself too seriously.


