... But we've only fondled the surface of that subject.
		-- Virginia Masters


It is better to have loved and lost -- much better.


Hoaars-Faisse Gallery presents:
An exhibit of works by the artist known only as Pretzel.

The exhibit includes several large conceptual works using non-traditional
media and found objects including old sofa-beds, used mace canisters,
discarded sanitary napkins and parts of freeways.  The artist explores
our dehumanization due to high technology and unresponsive governmental
structures in a post-industrial world.  She/he (the artist prefers to
remain without gender) strives to create dialogue between viewer and
creator, to aid us in our quest to experience contemporary life with its
inner-city tensions, homelessness, global warming and gender and
class-based stress.  The works are arranged to lead us to the essence of
the argument: that the alienation of the person/machine boundary has
sapped the strength of our voices and must be destroyed for society to
exist in a more fundamental sense.


If I were a grave-digger or even a hangman, there are some people I could
work for with a great deal of enjoyment.
		-- Douglas Jerrold


They are cold-blooded. They are completely ruthless about protecting
what they have. The only thing they connect to is the money aspect of
life.  Let's face it: That's the American way.
		-- Jeffrey M. Johnson, regional chairman of the District
		   of Columbia United Way, speaking of drug dealers.


Politicians are the same everywhere.  They promise
to build a bridge even where there is no river.
		-- Nikita Khrushchev


Save the whales.  Club a seal instead.


Father:	Son, it's time we talked about sex.
Son:	Sure, Dad, what do you want to know?


I suppose some of the variation between Boston drivers and the rest of the
country is due to the progressive Massachusetts Driver Education Manual which
I happen to have in my top desk drawer.  Some of the Tips for Better Driving
are worth considering, to wit:

[173.15b]:
	"When competing for a section of road or a parking space, remember
	that the vehicle in need of the most body work has the right-of-way."

[141.2a]:
	"Although it is altogether possible to fit a 6' car into a 6'
	parking space, it is hardly ever possible to fit a 6' car into
	a 5' parking space."

[105.31]:
	"Teenage drivers believe that they are immortal, and drive accordingly.
	Nevertheless, you should avoid the temptation to prove them wrong."


Renning's Maxim:
	Man is the highest animal.  Man does the classifying.


	The famous Nell Gwynn, stepping one day from a house where she had
made a short visit into her coach, saw a great crowd assembled, and her
footman all bloody and dirty; the fellow being asked by his mistress, the
reason for his being in that condition, answered, "I have been fighting,
madam, with an impudent rascal who called your ladyship a whore."
	"You blockhead," replied Mrs. Gwynn, "at this rate you must fight
every day of your life; why, you fool, all the world knows it."
	"Do they?" cries the fellow, in a muttering voice, after he had shut
the coach door, "they shan't call me a whore's footman for all that."
		-- Henry Fielding, "Tom Jones"


Power is poison.


And malt does more than Milton can to justify God's ways to man.
		-- A. E. Housman


I put up my thumb... and it blotted out the planet Earth.
		-- Neil Armstrong


I came, I saw, I deleted all your files.


The more crap you put up with, the more crap you're going to get.


There must be at least 500,000,000 rats in the United
States; of course, I never heard the story before.


Look out!  Behind you!


No matter how celebrated the beauty of a woman, I would never spend a night
with her.  The only celebrity with whom I would share a night is Max Planck.
But he is dead.  So I live like a monk, aside from a little self gratification
in the afternoons.
		-- Salvador Dali


Never eat more than you can lift.
		-- Miss Piggy


May's Law:
	The quality of correlation is inversely proportional to the density
	of control.  (The fewer the data points, the smoother the curves.)


When I was seven years old, I was once reprimanded by my mother for an act
of collective brutality in which I had been involved at school.  A group of
seven-year-olds had been teasing and tormenting a six-year-old.  "It is
always so," my mother said.  "You do things together which not one of you
would think of doing alone."  ...  Wherever one looks in the world of human
organization, collective responsibility brings a lowering of moral standards.
The military establishment is an extreme case, an organization which seems
to have been expressly designed to make it possible for people to do things
together which nobody in his right mind would do alone.
		-- Freeman Dyson, "Weapons and Hope"


All [zoos] actually offer to the public in return for the taxes spent
upon them is a form of idle and witless amusement, compared to which a
visit to a penitentiary, or even to a State legislature in session, is
informing, stimulating and ennobling.
		-- H. L. Mencken


For knighthood is not in the feats of war,
As for to fight in quarrel right or wrong,
But in a cause which truth cannot defer:
He ought himself for to make sure and strong,
Just to keep mixt with mercy among:
And no quarrel a knight ought to take
But for a truth, or for the common's sake.
		-- Stephen Hawes


I haven't lost my mind; I know exactly where I left it.


Hi there!  This is just a note from me, to you, to tell you, the person
reading this note, that I can't think up any more famous quotes, jokes,
nor bizarre stories, so you may as well go home.


The King named Oedipus Rex
Who started this fuss about sex
	Put the world to great pains
	By the spots and the stains
Which he made on his mother's pubex.


The New York Times is read by the people who run the country.  The
Washington Post is read by the people who think they run the country.
The National Enquirer is read by the people who think Elvis is alive
and running the country ...
		-- Robert J. Woodhead


Said the nun as the bishop withdrew,
"This must be our final adieu,
	For the vicar is slicker,
	And thicker, and quicker,
And two inches longer than you."


Q:	What do Winnie the Pooh and John the Baptist have in common?
A:	The same middle name.


A.I. hackers do it with robots.


They also surf who only stand on waves.


Hear about...
	the swinger who labeled his little black book "Future Shack"?


I had a dream last night...
I dreamt about 1976.
I dreamt about a country with incurable brain damage...
I even dreamt they gave it a heart transplant.
Then I woke up and I knew it was only a nightmare...
so I went back to sleep again.
		-- Ralph Steadman, "Fear and Loathing '72"


It was pity stayed his hand.  "Pity I don't have any more bullets,"
thought Frito.
		-- Harvard Lampoon, "Bored of the Rings"


Get in touch with your feelings of hostility against the dying light.
		-- Dylan Thomas


No matter how subtle the wizard, a knife in the shoulder blades will seriously
cramp his style.


The most winning woman I ever knew was hanged for poisoning three little
children for their insurance money.
		-- Sherlock Holmes


When all else fails, try Kate Smith.


Last night I met upon the stair
A little man who wasn't there.
He wasn't there again today.
Gee how I wish he'd go away!


Expect a letter from a friend who will ask a favor of you.


This screen intentionally left blank.


The Least Successful Collector
	Betsy Baker played a central role in the history of collecting.  She
was employed as a servant in the house of John Warburton (1682-1759) who had
amassed a fine collection of 58 first edition plays, including most of the
works of Shakespeare.
	One day Warburton returned home to find 55 of them charred beyond
legibility.  Betsy had either burned them or used them as pie bottoms.  The
remaining three folios are now in the British Museum.
	The only comparable literary figure was the maid who in 1835 burned
the manuscript of the first volume of Thomas Carlyle's "The History of the
French Revolution", thinking it was wastepaper.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


QOTD:
	"I haven't come far enough, and don't call me baby."


Eat shit and die a virgin!


Machines certainly can solve problems, store information, correlate,
and play games -- but not with pleasure.
		-- Leo Rosten


Not far from here, by a white sun, behind a green star, lived the
Steelypips, illustrious, industrious, and they hadn't a care: no spats
in their vats, no rules, no schools, no gloom, no evil influence of the
moon, no trouble from matter or antimatter -- for they had a machine, a
dream of a machine, with springs and gears and perfect in every
respect.  And they lived with it, and on it, and under it, and inside
it, for it was all they had -- first they saved up all their atoms,
then they put them all together, and if one didn't fit, why they
chipped at it a bit, and everything was just fine ...
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


The student in question is performing minimally for his peer group and
is an emerging underachiever.


The most common form of marriage proposal: "YOU'RE WHAT!?"


Rodeo fuck, n.:
	When you lean down and whisper in your lover's ear, "Honey, you're
	the worst piece of ass I've ever had!".  And then try to stay on
	for seven seconds...


If a thing's worth doing, it is worth doing badly.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


Nasrudin called at a large house to collect for charity.  The servant said
"My master is out."  Nasrudin replied, "Tell your master that next time he
goes out, he should not leave his face at the window.  Someone might steal
it."


The most common form of marriage proposal: "YOU'RE WHAT!?"


Leadership involves finding a parade and getting in front of it; what
is happening in America is that those parades are getting smaller and
smaller -- and there are many more of them.
		-- John Naisbitt, "Megatrends"


	"Welcome back for you 13th consecutive week, Evelyn.  Evelyn, will
you go into the auto-suggestion booth and take your regular place on the
psycho-prompter couch?"
	"Thank you, Red."
	"Now, Evelyn, last week you went up to $40,000 by properly citing
your rivalry with your sibling as a compulsive sado-masochistic behavior
pattern which developed out of an early post-natal feeding problem."
	"Yes, Red."
	"But -- later, when asked about pre-adolescent oedipal phantasy
repressions, you rationalized twice and mental blocked three times.  Now,
at $300 per rationalization and $500 per mental block you lost $2,100 off
your $40,000 leaving you with a total of $37,900.  Now, any combination of
two more mental blocks and either one rationalization or three defensive
projections will put you out of the game.  Are you willing to go ahead?"
	"Yes, Red."
	"I might say here that all of Evelyn's questions and answers have
been checked for accuracy with her analyst.  Now, Evelyn, for $80,000
explain the failure of your three marriages."
	"Well, I--"
	"We'll get back to Evelyn in one minute.  First a word about our
product."
		-- Jules Feiffer


A pain in the ass of major dimensions.
		-- C. A. Desoer, on the solution of non-linear circuits


Famous, adj.:
	Conspicuously miserable.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Israeli prime minister Shamir invited the Pope to play a round of golf.  Since
the Pope hadn't the faintest of an idea how to play, he convened the college of
cardinals to ask their advice.  "Call Arnold Palmer," they suggested, "make him
a cardinal and let him play in your place.  Tell Shamir you couldn't make it."
	Honored by His Holiness' request, Palmer agreed to represent him.
When he returned from the match, the Pope asked him how he had done.  "I came
in second," Palmer replied.
	"You mean to tell me Shamir beat you?"
	"No, Your Holiness.  Rabbi Nicklaus did."


"Get a load of that chick!"	"Dude -- you gotta ask her out."
"Weellll, I dunno..."		"Look.  The worst she can say, is 'No'!"
"Hey!  You're right!"		"I'm always right!"
"The worst she can say... is 'No'!"

"Idunnoifyou'vebeennoticingmebutI'vebeennoticingyouandIwaswonderingif
you'd like to go out with me!"

Oh my god you little Geek!
Get away before I freak!		You ugly, stupid, zitfaced scum,
I'm a babe and you are not.		You asked me out; you MUST be dumb.
You can't handle what I've got!		Well you can beg until you're blue,
I'm too hot, too hot for you..		But you're not even fit to lick my shoe.
					I'm too hot, too hot for you.
Ha ha ha!  Don't make me laugh!
I want a whole man, not a half.		I've got a bitchin' bod and a killer
You wet your pants, I'm so sure.		face,
Too bad wimp-itis has no cure.		I'm god's gift to the male race.
I'm too hot, too hot for you.		I'm the queen of babes supreme,
					But you'll only see me in you dreams.
"Well?  What'd she say??"		I'm too hot, too hot for you.
"Well, she didn't say no..."
		-- Barry and the Bookbinders, "The Worst She Can Say is No"


Necessity has no law.
		-- St. Augustine


The King named Oedipus Rex
Who started this fuss about sex
	Put the world to great pains
	By the spots and the stains
Which he made on his mother's pubex.


Whatever the missing mass of the universe is, I hope it's not
cockroaches!
		-- Mom


Many pages make a thick book.


If the church put in half the time on covetousness that it does on lust,
this would be a better world.
		-- Garrison Keillor, "Lake Wobegon Days"


This is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
And now you know why.


My father was a God-fearing man, but he never
missed a copy of the New York Times, either.
		-- E. B. White


Bachelors' wives and old maids' children are always perfect.
		-- Nicolas Chamfort


A virginal is a harpsichord that has never been plucked.


... and no philosophy, sadly, has all the answers.  No matter how assured
we may be about certain aspects of our belief, there are always painful
inconsistencies, exceptions, and contradictions.  This is true in religion
as it is in politics, and is self-evident to all except fanatics and the
naive.  As for the fanatics, whose number is legion in our own time, we
might be advised to leave them to heaven.  They will not, unfortunately, do
us the same courtesy.  They attack us and each other, and whatever their
protestations to peaceful intent, the bloody record of history makes clear
that they are easily disposed to restore to the sword.  My own belief in
God, then, is just that -- a matter of belief, not knowledge.  My respect
for Jesus Christ arises from the fact that He seems to have been the most
virtuous inhabitant of Planet Earth.  But even well-educated Christians are
frustrated in their thirst for certainty about the beloved figure of Jesus
because of the undeniable ambiguity of the scriptural record.  Such ambiguity
is not apparent to children or fanatics, but every recognized Bible scholar
is perfectly aware of it.  Some Christians, alas, resort to formal lying to
obscure such reality.
		-- Steve Allen


Peace be to this house, and all that dwell in it.


Loan-department manager:  "There isn't any fine print.  At these
interest rates, we don't need it."


I used to be disgusted, now I find I'm just amused.
		-- Elvis Costello


QOTD:
	"I used to get high on life but lately I've built up a resistance."


I sat down beside her, said hello, offered to buy her a drink...
and then natural selection reared its ugly head.


In like a dimwit, out like a light.
		-- Pogo


I have a dog; I named him Stay.  So when I'd go to call him, I'd say, "Here,
Stay, here..." but he got wise to that.  Now when I call him he ignores me
and just keeps on typing.
		-- Steven Wright


We thrive on euphemism.  We call multi-megaton bombs "Peace-keepers", closet
size apartments "efficient" and incomprehensible artworks "innovative".  In
fact, "euphemism" has become a euphemism for "bald-faced lie".  And now, here
are the euphemisms so colorfully employed in Personal Ads:

EUPHEMISM			REALITY
-------------------		-------------------------
Excited about life's journey	No concept of reality
Spiritually evolved		Oversensitive
Moody				Manic-depressive
Soulful				Quiet manic-depressive
Poet				Boring manic-depressive
Sultry/Sensual			Easy
Uninhibited			Lacking basic social skills
Unaffected and earthy		Slob and lacking basic social skills
Irreverent			Nasty and lacking basic social skills
Very human			Quasimodo's best friend
Swarthy				Sweaty even when cold or standing still
Spontaneous/Eclectic		Scatterbrained
Flexible			Desperate
Aging child			Self-centered adult
Youthful			Over 40 and trying to deny it
Good sense of humor		Watches a lot of television


I never said all Democrats were saloonkeepers;
what I said was all saloonkeepers were Democrats.


The eyes of Texas are upon you,
All the livelong day;
The eyes of Texas are upon you,
You cannot get away;
Do not think you can escape them
From night 'til early in the morn;
The eyes of Texas are upon you
'Til Gabriel blows his horn.
		-- University of Texas' school song


Knock, knock!
	Who's there?
Sam and Janet.
	Sam and Janet who?
Sam and Janet Evening...


There is a young faggot named Mose
Who insists that you fuck his long nose.
	And you'll double the joy
	Of this lecherous boy
If you'll tickle his balls with your toes.


What you don't know won't help you much either.
		-- D. Bennett


He looked at me as if I were a side dish he hadn't ordered.
		-- Ring Lardner


Men freely believe that what they wish to desire.
		-- Julius Caesar


Menage a trois, n.:
	Using both hands to masturbate.


Machines certainly can solve problems, store information, correlate,
and play games -- but not with pleasure.
		-- Leo Rosten


When I was young we didn't have MTV; we
had to take drugs and go to concerts.
		-- Steven Pearl


Penguin Trivia #46:
	Animals who are not penguins can only wish they were.
		-- Chicago Reader 10/15/82


In the future, there will be fewer but better Russians.
		-- Joseph Stalin


On the night before her family moved from Kansas to California, the little
girl knelt by her bed to say her prayers.  "God bless Mommy and Daddy and
Keith and Kim," she said.  As she began to get up, she quickly added, "Oh,
and God, this is goodbye.  We're moving to Hollywood."


You and I as individuals can, by borrowing, live beyond our means, but
only for a limited period of time.  Why should we think that collectively,
as a nation, we are not bound by that same limitation?
		-- Ronald Reagan


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Woman:

 1. You can enjoy a beer all month.
 2. Beer stains wash out.
 3. Beer doesn't go crazy once a month.
 4. Beer never makes you wait.
 5. A beer doesn't get jealous when you grab another beer.
 6. Beer doesn't have a lawyer "in the family".
 7. A beer won't get upset if you come home with beer on your breath.
 8. Beer doesn't demand equality.
 9. Beer labels come off without a fight.
10. Beer doesn't mind being in the "wet spot" that IT left.


When God saw how faulty was man He tried again and made woman.  As to
why he then stopped there are two opinions.  One of them is woman's.
		-- DeGourmont


You are always busy.


Three fine Irish lads, O'Rourke, O'Malley and O'Donnell, worked together at
the local brewery.  One day, as fate would have it, O'Rourke fell into one
of the beer vats and drowned.  O'Malley and O'Donnell, completely crestfallen,
had to break the news to his wife.
	They went 'round the Widow O'Rourke's house and informed her that her
poor dear Patrick had drowned in a beer vat that very day.  Choking back her
tears, she asked them "Tell me now, did me poor Patty suffer much?"
	"I don't think so," replied O'Donnell. "He climbed out twice to take
a piss."


QOTD:
	"You might as well say "yes", the sheets are messy already."


Failed Attempts To Break Records
	In September 1978 Mr. Terry Gripton, of Stafford, failed to break
the world shouting record by two and a half decibels.  "I am not surprised
he failed," his wife said afterwards.  "He's really a very quiet man and
doesn't even shout at me."
	In August of the same year Mr. Paul Anthony failed to break the
record for continuous organ playing by 387 hours.
	His attempt at the Golden Fish Fry Restaurant in Manchester ended
after 36 hours 10 minutes, when he was accused of disturbing the peace.
"People complained I was too noisy," he said.
	In January 1976 Mr. Barry McQueen failed to walk backwards across
the Menai Bridge playing the bagpipes.  "It was raining heavily and my
drone got waterlogged," he said.
	A TV cameraman thwarted Mr. Bob Specas' attempt to topple 100,000
dominoes at the Manhattan Center, New York on 9 June 1978.  97,500 dominoes
had been set up when he dropped his press badge and set them off.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


The time has come for kicking ass and taking names.


Air, n.:
	A nutritious substance supplied by a bountiful Providence for
	the fattening of the poor.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


It's the thought, if any, that counts!


Believe everything you hear about the world; nothing is too
impossibly bad.
		-- Honore de Balzac


Q:	Who cuts the grass on Walton's Mountain?
A:	Lawn Boy.


Q:	What's the difference between a man and a toilet?
A:	A toilet doesn't follow you around for a week after you flush it.


When in trouble or in doubt, run in circles, scream and shout.


If you will practice being fictional for a while, you will understand that
fictional characters are sometimes more real than people with bodies and
heartbeats.


The trouble with telling a good story is that it invariably reminds
the other fellow of a dull one.
		-- Sid Caesar


You are false data.


Every why hath a wherefore.
		-- William Shakespeare, "A Comedy of Errors"


The future not being born, my friend,
we will abstain from baptizing it.
		-- George Meredith


Sturgeon's Law:
	90% of everything is crud.


A man walks into the doctor's office and the doctor says to him, "I've got
some good news and some bad news."
	"Tell me the good news first" the patient replies.
	"The good news is that your penis is going to be about two inches
longer and about an inch wider," the doctor says.
	"That's great!" says his patient.  "What's the bad news?"
	"Malignant."


Row, row, row your bits, gently down the stream...


Home on the Range was originally written in beef-flat.


	"Dad," the 13-year-old boy asked, looking up from his social-
studies text, "what did you do during the sexual revolution?"
	"Well, son," his father confided, "I guess you could say I was
captured early and spent the duration doing the dishes."


QOTD:
	"I only touch base with reality on an as-needed basis!"


Success is like a fart -- only your own smells nice.
		-- James P. Hogan


The Bible on letters of reference:

	Are we beginning all over again to produce our credentials?  Do
we, like some people, need letters of introduction to you, or from you?
No, you are all the letter we need, a letter written on your heart; any
man can see it for what it is and read it for himself.
		-- 2 Corinthians 3:1-2, New English translation


Any great truth can -- and eventually will -- be expressed as a cliche --
a cliche is a sure and certain way to dilute an idea.  For instance, my
grandmother used to say, "The black cat is always the last one off the
fence."  I have no idea what she meant, but at one time, it was undoubtedly
true.
		-- Solomon Short


Q:	How did the elephant get to the top of the oak tree?
A:	He sat on an acorn and waited for spring.

Q:	But how did he get back down?
A:	He crawled out on a leaf and waited for autumn.


Why do seagulls live near the sea?
'Cause if they lived near the bay, they'd be called baygulls.


This was the most unkindest cut of all.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"


He who sneezes without a handkerchief takes matters into his own
hands.


When you dig another out of trouble,
you've got a place to bury your own.


You can always tell the Christmas season is here when you start getting
incredibly dense, tinfoil-and-ribbon- wrapped lumps in the mail.
Fruitcakes make ideal gifts because the Postal Service has been unable
to find a way to damage them.  They last forever, largely because
nobody ever eats them.  In fact, many smart people save the fruitcakes
they receive and send them back to the original givers the next year;
some fruitcakes have been passed back and forth for hundreds of years.

The easiest way to make a fruitcake is to buy a darkish cake, then
pound some old, hard fruit into it with a mallet.  Be sure to wear
safety glasses.
		-- Dave Barry, "Simple, Homespun Gifts"


I don't kill flies, but I like to mess with their minds.  I hold them above
globes.  They freak out and yell "Whooa, I'm *way* too high."
		-- Bruce Baum


Starkle, starkle, little twink,
Who the hell you are I think
I'm not as drunk as thinkle peep
I'm just a little slort of sheep.
Tee martoonis make a guy,
Feel so woozy, I don't know why.
So mass the pixer and kill my fup
I've all day sober to sunday up.


It isn't whether you win or lose, it's how much money you end up with.
		-- Jack T. Shakespeare


On a ship wrecked far out at sea,
The girl said, "I can't seem to pee."
	"Aha!" said the mate,
	"That settles the fate
Of the captain, the pilot, and me."


If value corrupts then absolute value corrupts absolutely.


	Are you a Young Urban Professional Woman?  If so, you know how
Yuppie women are; cold, ruthless bitches with no time for love, and only
an occasional weekend for sex.  Your one "hot date" with Joe Fastrack,
rising corporate star, ended in disaster.  Yesterday you heard him telling
a friend over lunch, "The woman must masturbate with popsicles!"  Well,
all is not lost!  SofSqueeze can change your nickname to Electrolux in just
15 minutes a day!
	SofSqueeze is a pressure sensitive device (divided into appropriate
sections) that plugs into the serial port of most home computers.  Through
the magic of biofeedback, SofSqueeze teaches you control over your vaginal
muscles.  With our exciting, easy-to-follow software you'll master the
"Cincinnati Squeeze", the "Irresistible", the "California Crusher", and,
of course, the perennial favorite, "Milking Time Down on the Farm".  Or,
using our exclusive Interactive Mode, invent your own!
	SofSqueeze is made of sturdy ABS plastic, and is completely
immersible for easy cleaning.  SofSqueeze's flesh-toned exterior is finely
textured for a realistic effect.  Requires 4K RAM, a DB25 serial port and
limited graphics capability.  Comes fully assembled, with 4 AA batteries.


Q:	How can you tell if an elephant is sitting on your back
	in a hurricane?
A:	You can hear his ears flapping in the wind.


Be prepared... that's the Boy Scout's solemn creed.
Be prepared... to be clean in word and deed.
Don't solicit for your sister, that's not nice,
Unless you get a good percentage of her price ...
		-- Tom Lehrer


A pair of suburban couples who had known each other for quite some time
talked it over and decided to do a little conjugal swapping.  The trade
was made the following evening and the newly arranged couples retired to
their respective houses.  After about an hour of bedroom bliss, one of
the wives propped herself up on an elbow, looked at her new partner and
said: "Well, I wonder how the boys are getting along?"


I don't have any solution but I certainly admire the problem.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


It doesn't matter what you do, it only matters what you say you've
done and what you're going to do.


Florence Flask was ... dressing for the opera when she turned to her
husband and screamed, "Erlenmeyer!  My joules!  Someone has stolen my
joules!"

"Now, now, my dear," replied her husband, "keep your balance and reflux
a moment.  Perhaps they're mislead."

"No, I know they're stolen," cried Florence.  "I remember putting them
in my burette ... We must call a copper."

Erlenmeyer did so, and the flatfoot who turned up, one Sherlock Ohms,
said the outrage looked like the work of an arch-criminal by the name
of Lawrence Ium.

"We must be careful -- he's a free radical, ultraviolet, and
dangerous.  His girlfriend is a chlorine at the Palladium.  Maybe I can
catch him there."  With that, he jumped on his carbon cycle in an
activated state and sped off along the reaction pathway ...
		-- Daniel B. Murphy, "Precipitations"


Whoever named it "necking" was a poor judge of anatomy.
		-- Groucho Marx


The trouble with superheros is what to do between phone booths.
		-- Ken Kesey


Well, you got your mules and you got your racehorses, and you can kick
a mule in the ass all you want, and he's still not gonna be a racehorse.
		-- Billy Martin, "Esquire", May, 1984


Everyone can be taught to sculpt: Michelangelo would have had
to be taught how not to.  So it is with the great programmers.


Here there by tygers.


It's a naive, domestic operating system without any
breeding, but I think you'll be amused by its presumption.


The assertion that "all men are created equal" was of no practical use
in effecting our separation from Great Britain and it was placed in the
Declaration not for that, but for future use.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Morris had been down on his luck for months, and, though not a devoutly
religious man, had begun to visit the local synagogue to ask God's help.
One week, out of desperation, he prayed, "God, I've been a good and decent
man all my life.  Would it be so terrible if You let me win the lottery
just once?"
	The despondent fellow returned week after week.  One day, Morris,
nearly hopeless now, prayed, "God, I've never asked You for anything before.
I just want to win one little lottery."
	"As he dejectedly rose to leave, God's voice boomed, "Morris, at
least meet Me halfway on this.  Buy a ticket!"


Timing must be perfect now.
Two-timing must be better than perfect.


How much of their influence on you is a result of your influence on them?


I come from a small town whose population never changed.  Each time
a woman got pregnant, someone left town.
		-- Michael Prichard


This is a good time to punt work.


Kime's Law for the Reward of Meekness:
	Turning the other cheek merely ensures two bruised cheeks.


You will gain money by an immoral action.


The randy old Bey of Algiers
Who'd confined his cock-poking to queers,
	Tried a cunt for a change,
	And remarked: "It felt strange ...
Just think what I've missed all these years!"


	A musical reviewer admitted he always praised the first show of a
new theatrical season.  "Who am I to stone the first cast?"


What creatures of habit we are.  This morning, without thinking, half asleep,
I put $100 on my pillow.  That's not so bad, no one would worry about it, but
my wife, half asleep, without thinking, gave me $20 change.


If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner.
		-- Tallulah Bankhead


	The radio was screaming: "Power to the People -- Right On!" John
Lennon's political song, ten years too late.  "That poor fool should have
stayed where he was," said my attorney.  "Punks like him only get in the
way when they try to be serious."
	"Speaking of serious," I said. "I think it's about time to get
into the ether and the cocaine."
	"Forget ether," he said. "Let's save it for soaking down the rug
in the suite.  But here's this.  Your half of the sunshine blotter.  Just
chew it up like baseball gum."
	I took the blotter and ate it.  My attorney was now fumbling with
the salt shaker containing the cocaine.  Opening it.  Spilling it.  Then
screaming and grabbing at the air, as our fine white dust blew up and out
across the desert highway.  A very expensive little twister rising up from
the Great Red Shark.  "Oh, Jesus!" he moaned.  "Did you see what God just
did to us?"
		-- Raoul Duke, "Rolling Stone", issue 95, Nov. 11, 1971


In America, any boy may become president and I suppose that's just one
of the risks he takes.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


Q:	How do you know when it's time to wash the dishes?
A:	Look inside your pants; if you have a penis, it's not time.


We may not be able to persuade Hindus that Jesus and not Vishnu should govern
their spiritual horizon, nor Moslems that Lord Buddha is at the center of
their spiritual universe, nor Hebrews that Mohammed is a major prophet, nor
Christians that Shinto best expresses their spiritual concerns, to say
nothing of the fact that we may not be able to get Christians to agree among
themselves about their relationship to God.  But all will agree on a
proposition that they possess profound spiritual resources.  If, in addition,
we can get them to accept the further proposition that whatever form the
Deity may have in their own theology, the Deity is not only external, but
internal and acts through them, and they themselves give proof or disproof
of the Deity in what they do and think; if this further proposition can be
accepted, then we come that much closer to a truly religious situation on
earth.
		-- Norman Cousins, from his book "Human Options"


Humility is the first of the virtues -- for other people.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


The more things change, the more they stay insane.


Barometer, n.:
	An ingenious instrument which indicates
	what kind of weather we are having.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Waiter: "Tea or coffee, gentlemen?"
1st customer: "I'll have tea."
2nd customer: "Me, too -- and be sure the glass is clean!"
	(Waiter exits, returns)
Waiter: "Two teas.  Which one asked for the clean glass?"


