PARTY:
	A gathering where you meet people who drink
	so much you can't even remember their names.


Parents often talk about the younger generation as if they
didn't have much of anything to do with it.


The difficult we do today; the impossible takes a little longer.


The reason that sex is so popular is that it's centrally located.


They went rushing down that freeway,
Messed around and got lost.
They didn't care... they were just dying to get off,
And it was life in the fast lane.
		-- Eagles, "Life in the Fast Lane"


As soon as we started programming, we found to our surprise that it wasn't
as easy to get programs right as we had thought.  Debugging had to be
discovered.  I can remember the exact instant when I realized that a large
part of my life from then on was going to be spent in finding mistakes in
my own programs.
		-- Maurice Wilkes, designer of EDSAC, on programming, 1949


You can do this in a number of ways.  IBM chose to do all of them.
Why do you find that funny?
		-- D. Taylor, Computer Science 350, University of Washington


Eli and Bessie went to sleep.
In the middle of the night, Bessie nudged Eli.
	"Please be so kindly and close the window.  It's cold outside!"
Half asleep, Eli murmured,
	"Nu ... so if I'll close the window, will it be warm outside?"


Beam me up, Scotty!


I have never understood this liking for war.  It panders to instincts
already catered for within the scope of any respectable domestic
establishment.
		-- Alan Bennett


You won't skid if you stay in a rut.
		-- Frank Hubbard


So, if there's no God, who changes the water?
		-- New Yorker cartoon of two goldfish in a bowl


It's illegal in Wilbur, Washington, to ride an ugly horse.


Having made a remark rather coarse,
A young lady was seized with remorse;
	She fled from the room,
	And later, a groom
Saw her rolling about in the gorse.
		-- Edward Gorey


When the English language gets in my way, I walk over it.
		-- Billy Sunday


The difference between sentiment and sentimentality is easy to see.  When
you avoid killing somebody's pet on the glazeway, that's sentiment.  If you
swerve to avoid the pet and that causes you to kill pedestrians, THAT is
sentimentality.
		-- Frank Herbert, "Chapterhouse: Dune"


Don't I know you?


How come wrong numbers are never busy?


Take it easy, we're in a hurry.


Everything you know is wrong!


If clear thinking created sparks, we could safely store dynamite in
James Watt's office.
		-- Wayne Shannon, KRON-TV


Q:	What lies on the bottom of the ocean and twitches?
A:	A nervous wreck.


Dark and lonely on a summer night
	Kill my landlord,
	Kill my landlord.
The watchdog barkin'
Do he bite?
	Kill my landlord,
	Kill my landlord.
Slip in his window.
Break his neck.
Then his house I start to wreck
Got no reason,
What the heck?
	Kill my landlord,
	Kill my landlord.
	C-I-L-L my landlord!
		-- "Images" by Tyrone Green, SNL


Feminists say 60 percent of the country's wealth is in the hands of
women.  They're letting men hold the other 40 percent because their
handbags are full.
		-- Earl Wilson


	Once upon a time, there was a fisherman who lived by a great river.
One day, after a hard day's fishing, he hooked what seemed to him to be the
biggest, strongest fish he had ever caught.  He fought with it for hours,
until, finally, he managed to bring it to the surface.  Looking of the edge
of the boat, he saw the head of this huge fish breaking the surface.  Smiling
with pride, he reached over the edge to pull the fish up.  Unfortunately, he
accidentally caught his watch on the edge, and, before he knew it, there was a
snap, and his watch tumbled into the water next to the fish with a loud
"sploosh!"  Distracted by this shiny object, the fish made a sudden lunge,
simultaneously snapping the line, and swallowing the watch.  Sadly, the
fisherman stared into the water, and then began the slow trip back home.
	Many years later, the fisherman, now an old man, was working in a
boring assembly-line job in a large city.  He worked in a fish-processing
plant.  It was his job, as each fish passed under his hands, to chop off their
heads, readying them for the next phase in processing.  This monotonous task
went on for years, the dull *thud* of the cleaver chopping of each head being
his entire world, day after day, week after weary week.  Well, one day, as he
was chopping fish, he happened to notice that the fish coming towards him on
the line looked very familiar.  Yes, yes, it looked... could it be the fish
he had lost on that day so many years ago?  He trembled with anticipation as
his cleaver came down.  IT STRUCK SOMETHING HARD!  IT WAS HIS THUMB!


The reason why worry kills more people
than work is that more people worry than work.


Termiter's argument that God is His own grandmother generated a surprising
amount of controversy among Church leaders, who on the one hand considered
the argument unsupported by scripture but on the other hand were unwilling
to risk offending God's grandmother.
		-- Len Cool, "American Pie"


[Sir Stafford Cripps] has all the virtues
I dislike and none of the vices I admire.
		-- Winston Churchill


One seldom sees a monument to a committee.


Richard Nixon was the most dishonest individual I have ever met in my life.
He lied to his wife, his family, his friends, his colleagues in the Congress,
lifetime members of his own political party, the American people, and the
world.
		-- Barry Goldwater


The real purpose of books is to trap the mind into doing its own thinking.
		-- Christopher Morley


Chinese saying: "He who speak with forked tongue, not need chopsticks."


Never make anything simple and efficient when a
way can be found to make it complex and wonderful.


That girl could suck the chrome off a bumper.


This process can check if this value is zero, and if it is, it does
something child-like.
		-- Forbes Burkowski, CS, University of Washington


Science is what happens when preconception meets verification.


People who claim they don't let little things bother
them have never slept in a room with a single mosquito.


Finagle's Creed:
	Science is true.  Don't be misled by facts.


You're a card which will have to be dealt with.


A career is great, but you can't run your fingers through its hair.


Kasha, n.:
	Kasha is always defined as "buckwheat groats".  There's only
	one problem with this definition: what the fuck are "buckwheat
	groats"?  *_I* know what they are -- they're kasha.  But that
	doesn't help *_y_o_u* much.
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


Yeah, that's me, Tracer Bullet.  I've got eight slugs in me.  One's lead,
the rest bourbon.  The drink packs a wallop, and I pack a revolver.  I'm
a private eye.
		-- Calvin


Seeing a commotion in Harvard Square, a man strolled over and asked what
was going on.  One of the onlookers explained to him that there was a Mooney
who had immersed himself in gasoline and was threatening to set fire to
himself to demonstrate his commitment to the Rev. Moon.  The man gasped and
asked what was being done to defuse the obviously dangerous situation.
	"Well", replied the onlooker, "we're taking up a collection -- so
far I've got two Bics, four Zippos and eighteen books of matches."


Happiness is having a scratch for every itch.
		-- Ogden Nash


Afternoon very favorable for romance.  Try a single person for a change.


There are only two kinds of tequila.  Good and better.


The hatred of relatives is the most violent.
		-- Tacitus (c.55 - c.117)


If a jury in a criminal trial stays out for more than twenty-four hours, it
is certain to vote acquittal, save in those instances where it votes guilty.
		-- Joseph C. Goulden


How come only your friends step on your new white sneakers?


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#8

Going Out:
	When a man says he is ready to go out, it means he is ready to go
out.  When a woman says she is ready to go out, it means she WILL be ready
to go out, as soon as she finds her earring, finishes putting on her makeup,
checks on the kids, makes a phone call to her best friend...

Cats:
	Women love cats.  Men say they love cats, but when women aren't
looking, men kick cats.

Offspring:
	Ah, children.  A woman knows all about her children.  She knows
about dentist appointments and soccer games and romances and best friends
and favorite foods and secret fears and hopes and dreams.  Men are vaguely
aware of some short people living in the house.


I heard there was a lot of sex on television these days,
but when I tried it I kept falling off.


Mother is far too clever to understand anything she does not like.
		-- Arnold Bennett


How come we never talk anymore?


If you stand on your head, you will get footprints in your hair.


Once upon a time there...


I never failed to convince an audience that the best thing they
could do was to go away.


Philosophy, n.:
	Unintelligible answers to insoluble problems.


Under capitalism, man exploits man.  Under Communism, it's just the
opposite.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


Many a sober Christian would rather admit that a wafer is God than that God
is a cruel and capricious tyrant.
		-- Edward Gibbon


Might as well be frank, monsieur.  It would take a miracle to
get you out of Casablanca and the Germans have outlawed miracles.
		-- Signor Ferrari, "Casablanca" (1942)


Choose in marriage only a woman whom you would choose as
a friend if she were a man.
		-- Joubert


Pretend to spank me -- I'm a pseudo-masochist!


The Lord prefers common-looking people.  That is the reason that He makes
so many of them.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Women's Libbers are OK, I just wouldn't want my sister to marry one.


I am a bookaholic.  If you are a decent
person, you will not sell me another book.


If you can't learn to do it well, learn to enjoy doing it badly.


Asked by reporters about his upcoming marriage to a forty-two-year-old
woman, director Roman Polanski told reporters, "The way I look at it,
she's the equivalent of three fourteen-year-olds."
		-- David Letterman


I had the rare misfortune of being one of the first people to try and
implement a PL/1 compiler.
		-- T. Cheatham


Teach children to be polite and courteous in the home, and,
when they grow up, they won't be able to edge a car onto a freeway.


The surest way to remain a winner is to
win once, and then not play any more.


Progress might have been all right once, but it's gone on too long.
		-- Ogden Nash


Your mind understands what you have been
taught; your heart, what is true.


Winny and I lived in a house that ran on static electricity...
If you wanted to run the blender, you had to rub balloons on your
head... if you wanted to cook, you had to pull off a sweater real quick...
		-- Steven Wright


"How many hors d'oeuvres you are allowed to take off a tray being
carried by a waiter at a nice party?"

Two, but there are ways around it, depending on the style of the hors
d'oeuvre.  If they're those little pastry things where you can't tell
what's inside, you take one, bite off about two-thirds of it, then
say:  "This is cheese!  I hate cheese!"  Then you put the rest of it
back on the tray and bite another one and go, "Darn it!  Another
cheese!" and so on.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"


So little time, so little to do.
		-- Oscar Levant


Our business in life is not to succeed
but to continue to fail in high spirits.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson


Television is a whore.  Any man who wants her full favors can have them
in five minutes with a pistol.
		-- Hijacker, quoted in "Esquire"


Sixteen'll get you twenty.


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #10 -- SIMPLE

	SIMPLE is an acronym for Sheer Idiot's Monopurpose Programming
Language Environment.  This language, developed at the Hanover College
for Technological Misfits, was designed to make it impossible to write
code with errors in it.  The statements are, therefore, confined to BEGIN,
END and STOP.  No matter how you arrange the statements, you can't make a
syntax error.  Programs written in SIMPLE do nothing useful, thus achieving
the results of programs written in other languages without the tedious,
frustrating process of testing and debugging.


	Exxon's "Universe of Energy" tends to the peculiar rather than the
humorous ... After [an incomprehensible film montage about wind and sun and
rain and strip mines and] two or three minutes of mechanical confusion, the
seats locomote through a short tunnel filled with clock-work dinosaurs.
The dinosaurs are depicted without accuracy and too close to your face.
	"One of the few real novelties at Epcot is the use of smell to
aggravate illusions.  Of course, no one knows what dinosaurs smelled like,
but Exxon has decided they smelled bad.
	"At the other end of Dino Ditch ... there's a final, very addled
message about facing challengehood tomorrow-wise.  I dozed off during this,
but the import seems to be that dinosaurs don't have anything to do with
energy policy and neither do you."
		-- P. J. O'Rourke, "Holidays in Hell"


Never leave anything to chance;
make sure all your crimes are premeditated.


I didn't believe in reincarnation in any of my other lives.  I don't see why
I should have to believe in it in this one.
		-- Strange de Jim


Andrea's Admonition:
	Never bestow profanity upon a driver who has wronged you.
	If you think his window is closed and he can't hear you,
	it isn't and he can.


A platitude is simply a truth repeated till people get tired of hearing it.
		-- Stanley Baldwin


I replaced the headlights on my car with strobe lights.  Now it
looks like I'm the only one moving.
		-- Steven Wright


I always had a repulsive need to be something more than human.
		-- David Bowie


A pederastic necrophiliac is a gentleman who is
true to the very end of the end of a friend.


Hear about...
	the cross-eyed shoe fetishist who was always getting off on the
	wrong foot?


Come fill the cup and in the fire of spring
Your winter garment of repentance fling.
The bird of time has but a little way
To flutter -- and the bird is on the wing.
		-- Omar Khayyam


In America, any boy may become president and I suppose that's just one
of the risks he takes.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


A big store buyer had been on the road for nearly two months.  Each week he
would send his wife a telegram saying,
	"Can't come home yet.  Still buying."
His wife knew that these buying trips usually involved more than business.
She tolerated this particular jaunt for a while, but when the third month
rolled by and she'd still seen nothing of her husband but the weekly telegrams,
she wired him,
	"Better come home.  I'm selling what you're buying."


The odds are a million to one against your being one in a million.


Cheer Up!  Things are getting worse at a slower rate.


Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after.


I used to be a rebel in my youth.
This cause... that cause... (chuckle) I backed 'em ALL!  But I learned.
Rebellion is simply a device used by the immature to hide from his own
problems.  So I lost interest in politics.  Now when I feel aroused by
a civil rights case or a passport hearing... I realize it's just a device.
I go to my analyst and we work it out.  You have no idea how much better
I feel these days.
		-- J. Feiffer


People who live in glass houses should ball in the basement.


Mathematicians are like Frenchmen: whatever you say to them they translate
into their own language, and forthwith it is something entirely different.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


