Real software engineers don't like the idea of some inexplicable and
greasy hardware several aisles away that may stop working at any
moment.  They have a great distrust of hardware people, and wish that
systems could be virtual at *_a_l_l* levels.  They would like personal
computers (you know no one's going to trip over something and kill your
DFA in mid-transit), except that they need 8 megabytes to run their
Correctness Verification Aid packages.


Force it!!!
If it breaks, well, it wasn't working anyway...
No, don't force it, get a bigger hammer.


A tautology is a thing which is tautological.


Some of the most interesting documents from Sweden's middle ages are the
old county laws (well, we never had counties but it's the nearest equivalent
I can find for "landskap").  These laws were written down sometime in the
13th century, but date back even down into Viking times.  The oldest one is
the Vastgota law which clearly has pagan influences, thinly covered with some
Christian stuff.  In this law, we find a page about "lekare", which is the
Old Norse word for a performing artist, actor/jester/musician etc.  Here is
an approximate translation, where I have written "artist" as equivalent of
"lekare".
	"If an artist is beaten, none shall pay fines for it.  If an artist
	is wounded, one such who goes with hurdie-gurdie or travels with
	fiddle or drum, then the people shall take a wild heifer and bring
	it out on the hillside.  Then they shall shave off all hair from the
	heifer's tail, and grease the tail.  Then the artist shall be given
	newly greased shoes.  Then he shall take hold of the heifer's tail,
	and a man shall strike it with a sharp whip.  If he can hold her, he
	shall have the animal.  If he cannot hold her, he shall endure what
	he received, shame and wounds."


To the best of my recollection, Senator, I can't recall.


It just doesn't seem right to go over the river and through the woods
to Grandmother's condo.


Sauron is alive in Argentina!


Hi Jimbo.  Dennis.  Really appreciate the help on the income tax.
You wanna help on the audit now?


Speaking of Godzilla and other things that convey horror:

	With a purposeful grimace and a Mongo-like flair
	He throws the spinning disk drives in the air!
	And he picks up a Vax and he throws it back down
	As he wades through the lab making terrible sounds!
	Helpless users with projects due
	Scream "My God!" as he stomps on the tape drives, too!

	Oh, no!  He says Unix runs too slow!  Go, go, DECzilla!
	Oh, yes!  He's gonna bring up VMS!  Go, go, DECzilla!"

* VMS is a trademark of Digital Equipment Corporation
* DECzilla is a trademark of Hollow Chocolate Bunnies of Death, Inc.
		-- Curtis Jackson


Do more than anyone expects, and pretty soon everyone will expect more.


Theorem: All programs are dull.

Proof: Assume the contrary; i.e., the set of interesting programs is
nonempty.  Arrange them (or it) in order of interest (note that all
sets can be well ordered, so do it properly).  The minimal element is
the "least interesting program", the obvious dullness of which provides
the contradictory denouement we so devoutly seek.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


You are destined to become the commandant of the
fighting men of the department of transportation.


Maybe Computer Science should be in the College of Theology.
		-- R. S. Barton


curtation n. The enforced compression of a string in the fixed-length field
environment.
	The problem of fitting extremely variable-length strings such as names,
addresses, and item descriptions into fixed-length records is no trivial
matter.  Neglect of the subtle art of curtation has probably alienated more
people than any other aspect of data processing.  You order Mozart's "Don
Giovanni" from your record club, and they invoice you $24.95 for MOZ DONG.
The witless mapping of the sublime onto the ridiculous!  Equally puzzling is
the curtation that produces the same eight characters, THE BEST, whether you
order "The Best of Wagner", "The Best of Schubert", or "The Best of the Turds".
Similarly, wine lovers buying from computerized wineries twirl their glasses,
check their delivery notes, and inform their friends, "A rather innocent,
possibly overtruncated CAB SAUV 69 TAL."  The squeezing of fruit into 10
columns has yielded such memorable obscenities as COX OR PIP.  The examples
cited are real, and the curtational methodology which produced them is still
with us.

MOZ DONG n.
	Curtation of Don Giovanni by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Lorenzo da
Ponte, as performed by the computerized billing ensemble of the Internat'l
Preview Society, Great Neck (sic), N.Y.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


Too many of his [Mozart's] works sound like interoffice memos.
		-- Glenn Gould


	After sifting through the overwritten remaining blocks of Luke's home
directory, Luke and PDP-1 sped away from /u/lars, across the surface of the
Winchester riding Luke's flying read/write head.  PDP-1 had Luke stop at the
edge of the cylinder overlooking /usr/spool/uucp.
	"Unix-to-Unix Copy Program;" said PDP-1.  "You will never find a more
wretched hive of bugs and flamers.  We must be cautious."
		-- DECWARS


I THINK MAN INVENTED THE CAR by instinct.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Decemba, n:	The 12th month of the year.
erra, n:	A mistake.
faa, n:		To, from, or at considerable distance.
Linder, n:	A female name.
memba, n:	To recall to the mind; think of again.
New Hampsha, n:	A state in the northeast United States.
New Yaak, n:	Another state in the northeast United States.
Novemba, n:	The 11th month of the year.
Octoba, n:	The 10th month of the year.
ova, n:		Location above or across a specified position.  What the
			season is when the Knicks quit playing.
		-- Massachewsetts Unabridged Dictionary


I have great faith in fools -- self confidence my friends call it.
		-- Edgar Allan Poe


When you don't know what to do, walk fast and look worried.


There's no saint like a reformed sinner.


Anyone can say "no." It is the first word a child learns and often the
first word he speaks. It is a cheap word because it requires no
explanation, and many men and women have acquired a reputation for
intelligence who know only this word and have used it in place of
thought on every occasion.
		-- Chuck Jones (Warner Bros. animation director.)


The function of the expert is not to be more right than other people,
but to be wrong for more sophisticated reasons.
		-- Dr. David Butler, British psephologist


One day a city dweller decided to take a ride in the country.  He hopped
into his sportscar, wandered along the highway for a while and then exited
to some very rural dirt roads in the middle of farm country.  After awhile,
he came across a farmer who clearly working his fields.  The funny thing was,
the farmer didn't seem to be wearing any pants.  The man got out of his car
and approached the farmer.
	"Hey, buddy," he asked, "how come you're not wearing any clothes?"
	Replied the farmer, "Well, boy, th' other day I was out a-workin'
in the fields, an' I plum fergot t' wear mah shirt.  Got back to th' house
that night, and mah neck was stiffer than an oak-wood board.  This here's
mah wife's idea."


A real friend isn't someone you use once and then throw away.
A real friend is someone you can use over and over again.


Generally speaking, the Way of the warrior is resolute acceptance of death.
		-- Miyamoto Musashi, 1645


QOTD:
	"Like this rose, our love will wilt and die."


Nowlan's Theory:
	He who hesitates is not only lost, but several miles from
	the next freeway exit.


Other than that, Mrs. Lincoln, how did you like the play?


Udall's Fourth Law:
	Any change or reform you make
	is going to have consequences you don't like.


Computers will not be perfected until they can compute how much more
than the estimate the job will cost.


Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Love is in the offing.
		-- The Homicidal Maniac


When some people decide it's time for everyone to make
big changes, it means that they want you to change first.


Your lucky number is 3552664958674928.
Watch for it everywhere.


The only real way to look younger is not to be born so soon.
		-- Charles Schulz, "Things I've Had to Learn Over and
		   Over and Over"


Now's the time to have some big ideas
Now's the time to make some firm decisions
We saw the Buddha in a bar down south
Talking politics and nuclear fission
We see him and he's all washed up --
Moving on into the body of a beetle
Getting ready for a long long crawl
He ain't nothing -- he ain't nothing at all...

Death and Money make their point once more
In the shape of Philosophical assassins
Mark and Danny take the bus uptown
Deadly angels for reality and passion
Have the courage of the here and now
Don't taking nothing from the half-baked buddhas
When you think you got it paid in full
You got nothing -- you got nothing at all...
	We're on the road and we're gunning for the Buddha.
	We know his name and he mustn't get away.
	We're on the road and we're gunning for the Buddha.
	It would take one shot -- to blow him away...
		-- Shriekback, "Gunning for the Buddha"


Water, taken in moderation cannot hurt anybody.
		-- Mark Twain


Please, Mother!  I'd rather do it myself!


Call on God, but row away from the rocks.
		-- Indian proverb


He who enters his wife's dressing room is a philosopher or a fool.
		-- Honore de Balzac


In just seven days, I can make you a man!
		-- The Rocky Horror Picture Show
		   [ (and seven nights...)  Ed.]


MARRIAGE:
	An old, established institution, entered into by two people deeply
	in love and desiring to make a commitment to each other expressing
	that love.  In short, commitment to an institution.


The second best policy is dishonesty.


There's one consolation about matrimony.  When you look around you can
always see somebody who did worse.
		-- Warren H. Goldsmith


In matters of principle, stand like a rock;
in matters of taste, swim with the current.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Ankh if you love Isis.


A mind is a wonderful thing to waste.


No self-made man ever did such a good job
that some woman didn't want to make some alterations.
		-- Kin Hubbard


The most common given name in the world is Mohammad; the most common
family name in the world is Chang.  Can you imagine the enormous number
of people in the world named Mohammad Chang?
		-- Derek Wills


Q:	What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back?
A:	A stick.


Let him choose out of my files, his projects to accomplish.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Coriolanus"


Go to a movie tonight.
Darkness becomes you.


About the use of language: it is impossible to sharpen a pencil with a blunt
ax.  It is equally vain to try to do it with ten blunt axes instead.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


Houston, Tranquillity Base here.  The Eagle has landed.
		-- Neil Armstrong


If scientific reasoning were limited to the logical processes of
arithmetic, we should not get very far in our understanding of the physical
world.  One might as well attempt to grasp the game of poker entirely by
the use of the mathematics of probability.
		-- Vannevar Bush


Fast ship?  You mean you've never heard of the Millennium Falcon?
		-- Han Solo


Can you buy friendship?  You not only can, you must.  It's the
only way to obtain friends.  Everything worthwhile has a price.
		-- Robert J. Ringer


Science and religion are in full accord but
science and faith are in complete discord.


You could get a new lease on life -- if only you
didn't need the first and last month in advance.


I have had my television aerials removed.  It's the moral equivalent
of a prostate operation.
		-- Malcolm Muggeridge


Q:	Why does Washington have the most lawyers per capita and
	New Jersey the most toxic waste dumps?
A:	God gave New Jersey first choice.


For every complex problem, there is a solution that is simple, neat,
and wrong.
		-- H. L. Mencken


	"Heard you were moving your piano, so I came over to help."
	"Thanks.  Got it upstairs already."
	"Do it alone?"
	"Nope.  Hitched the cat to it."
	"How would that help?"
	"Used a whip."


Our problems are so serious that the best
way to talk about them is lightheartedly.


Berkeley had what we called "copycenter," which is "take it down
to the copy center and make as many copies as you want."
		-- Kirk McKusick


You are loved by the multitudes.
Have you been to the clinic lately?


By doing just a little every day, you can
gradually let the task completely overwhelm you.


Dibble's First Law of Sociology:
	Some do, some don't.


Copa-ulation:
(to the tune of Copacabana)

Her name was Lola, she was a bimbo, with yellow streamers in her hair,
She wore see-through underwear, she'd go to discos, and do the go-go,
And while she tried to be star, Tony jacked off on the bar,
And when the dance was done, his hand was full of come,
His favorite drink is cream in coffee,
Won't you order one?

At the Copa, Copa-ulation ...

Her name was Lola, she was a show-girl,
But that was thirty years ago, when she still could slurp and blow,
Now she's a sado, but not for Tony, still in her chains and leather gown,
She ties Rico to the ground, and fucks that boy half-blind,
But Rico, he don't mind, there are whips and a lot of beatings,
But a real good time ...


FreeBSD: Have you had your fairings today?


We don't know who discovered water, but we're certain it wasn't a fish.


Remember that whatever misfortune may be your lot, it could only be
worse in Cleveland.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


It's the sighs that count.


Q:	What's the difference between USL and the Titanic?
A:	The Titanic had a band.


Space: the final frontier.  These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise.
Its five-year mission: to explore strange new worlds; to seek out new life
and new civilizations; to boldly go where no man has gone before.
		-- Captain James T. Kirk


Man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft...
and the only one that can be mass produced with unskilled labor.
		-- Wernher von Braun


I'm all for computer dating, but I
wouldn't want one to marry my sister.


Lots of folks confuse bad management with destiny.
		-- Frank Hubbard


Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.


Nachman's Rule:
	When it comes to foreign food, the less authentic the better.
		-- Gerald Nachman


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #18 -- C-

	This language was named for the grade received by its creator when
he submitted it as a class project in a graduate programming class.  C- is
best described as a "low-level" programming language.  In fact, the language
generally requires more C- statements than machine-code statements to execute
a given task.  In this respect, it is very similar to COBOL.


Treaties are like roses and young girls -- they last while they last.
		-- Charles DeGaulle


