I've never been canoeing before, but I imagine there must
be just a few simple heuristics you have to remember...

Yes, don't fall out, and don't hit rocks.


Nasrudin was carrying home a piece of liver and the recipe for liver pie.
Suddenly a bird of prey swooped down and snatched the piece of meat from
his hand.  As the bird flew off, Nasrudin called after it, "Foolish bird!
You have the liver, but what can you do with it without the recipe?"


You come out of a woman and you spend the rest of your life trying to
get back inside.
		-- Heathcote Williams


You will feel hungry again in another hour.


Money is truthful.  If a man speaks of his honor, make him pay cash.
		-- Lazarus Long


	During a grouse hunt in North Carolina two intrepid sportsmen were
blasting away at a clump of trees near a stone wall.  Suddenly a red-face
country squire popped his head over the wall and shouted, "Hey, you almost
hit my wife."
	"Did I?" cried one hunter, aghast.  "Terribly sorry.  Have a shot
at mine, over there."


He who invents adages for others to peruse
takes along rowboat when going on cruise.


Retirement means that when someone says "Have a nice day", you
actually have a shot at it.


Be careful what you set your heart on -- for it will surely be yours.
		-- James Baldwin, "Nobody Knows My Name"


I was at this restaurant.  The sign said "Breakfast Anytime."  So I
ordered French Toast in the Renaissance.
		-- Steven Wright


The problem with any unwritten law is that
you don't know where to go to erase it.
		-- Glaser and Way


The fountain code has been tightened slightly so you can no longer dip
objects into a fountain or drink from one while you are floating in mid-air
due to levitation.
	Teleporting to hell via a teleportation trap will no longer occur
if the character does not have fire resistance.
		-- README file from the NetHack game


A gleekzorp without a tornpee is like
a quop without a fertsneet (sort of).


All art is but imitation of nature.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca


A man in love is incomplete until he is married.  Then he is finished.
		-- Zsa Zsa Gabor, "Newsweek"


Magary's Principle:
	When there is a public outcry to cut deadwood and fat from any
	government bureaucracy, it is the deadwood and the fat that do
	the cutting, and the public's services are cut.


An expert is a person who avoids the small errors
as he sweeps on to the grand fallacy.
		-- Benjamin Stolberg


Americans have different ways of saying things. They say "elevator,"
we say "lift" ... they say "President," we say "stupid psychopathic
git."
		-- Alexei Sayle


Without life, Biology itself would be impossible.


Having children is like having a bowling alley installed in your brain.
		-- Martin Mull


Her figure described a set of parabolas that could cause cardiac arrest
in a yak.
		-- Woody Allen


A general leading the State Department resembles a dragon commanding
ducks.
		-- New York Times, Jan. 20, 1981


Politics are almost as exciting as war, and quite as
dangerous.  In war, you can only be killed once.
		-- Winston Churchill


Other than that, Mrs. Lincoln, how did you like the play?


Don't get the idea that I'm one of those goddamn radicals.  Don't get the
idea that I'm knocking the American system.
		-- Al Capone


Where, oh, where, are you tonight?
Why did you leave me here all alone?
I searched the world over, and I thought I'd found true love.
You met another, and *PPHHHLLLBBBBTTT*, you wuz gone.

Gloom, despair and agony on me.
Deep dark depression, excessive misery.
If it weren't for bad luck, I'd have no luck at all.
Oh, gloom, despair and agony on me.
		-- Hee Haw


Let the meek inherit the earth -- they have it coming to them.
		-- James Thurber


No one has a higher opinion of him than he has.
		-- Greg Lehey, FreeBSDcon 1999


I came; I saw; I fucked up.


Critic, n.:
	A person who boasts himself hard to please because nobody tries
	to please him.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Faith:	Tell me you don't get off on this!
Buffy:	It didn't suck.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Bad Girls"
		   Season 3, Episode 14


I can mend the break of day, heal a broken heart,
and provide temporary relief to nymphomaniacs.
		-- Larry Lee


You love your home and want it to be beautiful.


LOVE:
	When you don't want someone too close--
	because you're very sensitive to pleasure.


Oh this age!  How tasteless and ill-bred it is.
		-- Gaius Valerius Catullus


Flugg's Law:
	When you need to knock on wood is when you realize
	that the world is composed of vinyl, naugahyde and aluminum.


Dial 911.  Make a cop come.


	"My God!  Are we sure he was a liberal?"
	"Pretty sure.  They pulled him from a Volvo."


Infatuation, n.:
	When you're in love, there's a lump in your throat.
	When you're infatuated, there's a lump in your pants.


No yak too dirty; no dumpster too hollow.


In light of the New Morality, Playboy Inc. is offering a new version of
its magazine, for married men.  Every month it has the same centerfold.


I wasn't kissing her, I was whispering in her mouth.
		-- Chico Marx


You can be replaced by this computer.


Anyone who uses the phrase "easy as taking candy from a baby" has never
tried taking candy from a baby.
		-- Robin Hood


If there is a wrong way to do something, then someone will do it.
		-- Edward A. Murphy, Jr.


Once upon a time, there was a non-conforming sparrow who decided not to
fly south for the winter.  However, soon after the weather turned cold,
the sparrow changed his mind and reluctantly started to fly south.
After a short time, ice began to form his on his wings and he fell to
earth in a barnyard almost frozen.  A cow passed by and crapped on this
little bird and the sparrow thought it was the end, but the manure
warmed him and defrosted his wings.  Warm and happy the little sparrow
began to sing.  Just then, a large Tom cat came by and hearing the
chirping investigated the sounds.  As Old Tom cleared away the manure,
he found the chirping bird and promptly ate him.

There are three morals to this story:

(1) Everyone who shits on you is not necessarily your enemy.
(2) Everyone who gets you out of shit is not necessarily your friend.
(3) If you are warm and happy in a pile of shit, keep your mouth shut.


I think...  I think it's in my basement... Let me go upstairs and check.
		-- M. C. Escher


I figure that if God actually does exist, He's big enough to understand an
honest difference of opinion.
		-- Isaac Asimov


Testing can show the presence of bugs, but not their absence.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


A virgin is chaste.


" "
		-- Charlie Chaplin

" "
		-- Harpo Marx

" "
		-- Marcel Marceau


Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle?

Because his wife left him.  But things are looking up for their reconciliation.
Seems that when she left, she took his word processor, and she's been renting
it out occasionally in Japan.  That is, every now and then she gets a yen for
his Wang.


The descent to Hades is the same from every place.
		-- Anaxagoras


If you are honest because honesty is the best policy,
your honesty is corrupt.


I tell ya, I knew my morning wasn't going right.   When I put on my shirt
the button fell off, when I picked up my briefcase, the handle fell off,
I tell ya, I was afraid to go to the bathroom.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


Robot, n.:
	Someone who's been made by a scientist.


There are some things we mustn't expose,
So we hide them away in our clothes.
	Oh, it's shocking to stare
	At what's certainly there--
But why this is so, heaven knows.


Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy.
		-- Charlie McCarthy


Knowledge without common sense is folly.


Look ere ye leap.
		-- John Heywood


FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #19

A:	To be or not to be.
Q:	What is the square root of 4b^2?


Sometimes the light is all shining on me,
Other times I can hardly see.
Lately it occurs to me
What a long strange trip it's been.
		-- The Grateful Dead, "American Beauty"


Anti-trust laws should be approached with exactly that attitude.


Without life, Biology itself would be impossible.


Courage is your greatest present need.


Love is the answer; but while you are waiting for the answer, sex
raises some pretty good questions.
		-- Woody Allen


	"How many people work here?"
	"Oh, about half."


As you grow older, you will still do foolish things,
but you will do them with much more enthusiasm.
		-- The Cowboy


A sequel is an admission that you've been reduced to imitating yourself.
		-- Don Marquis


SNAPPY REPARTEE:
	What you'd say if you had another chance.


Being a woman is a terribly difficult trade,
since it consists principally of dealings with men.
		-- Conrad


	Robert Kennedy's 1964 Senatorial campaign planners told him that
their intention was to present him to the television viewers as a sincere,
generous person.  "You going to use a double?" asked Kennedy.

	Thumbing through a promotional pamphlet prepared for his 1964
Senatorial campaign, Robert Kennedy came across a photograph of himself
shaking hands with a well-known labor leader.
	"There must be a better photo that this," said Kennedy to the
advertising men in charge of his campaign.
	"What's wrong with this one?" asked one adman.
	"That fellow's in jail," said Kennedy.
		-- Bill Adler, "The Washington Wits"


	One of my favorite Zoo jokes has to do with a woman who, while
visiting the zoo, decided to have a little fun with the Gorilla.  She walks
up to his cage, reaches in, and begins to fondle the beast.  Needless to
say, the animal becomes quite excited, and as he tries to reciprocate in
kind, the woman steps back and gives him a raspberry...!
	The gorilla becomes enraged.  He rips the bars from his cage, grabs
the woman, drags her back into the cage, and ravishes her.  While doing so,
he inflicts a great deal of harm upon her person.
	Later, at the hospital, a neighbor of the woman visits and exclaims,
"Oh, you poor dear...!  Are you hurt?"
	"Hurt!", "Hurt!?" the injured lady sobs, "He doesn't phone.  He
never writes..."


Here's a toast to Screwy Dick,
The man who was born with a corkscrew prick.
He spent his life in a futile hunt,
To find a woman with a spiral cunt.
And when he did, he dropped stone dead,
'Cause the blasted thing had a left-hand thread!


To a New Yorker, all Californians are blond, even the blacks.  There are,
in fact, whole neighborhoods that are zoned only for blond people.  The
only way to tell the difference between California and Sweden is that the
Swedes speak better English.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke


Microwaves frizz your heir.


The Public is merely a multiplied "me."
		-- Mark Twain


I don't understand you anymore.


Rune's Rule:
	If you don't care where you are, you ain't lost.


I'm sorry, but after reading this thread, I'm having a hard time
coming up with an explanation for this nonsense which doesn't involve
you being a dumbass.
		-- Bill Paul <wpaul@FreeBSD.org>


Not everything worth doing is worth doing well.


CONFERENCE:
	A special meeting in which the boss gathers subordinates to hear
	what they have to say, so long as it doesn't conflict with what
	he's already decided to do.


Just what does "it" mean in the sentence, "What time is it?"


Just because your doctor has a name for your
condition doesn't mean he knows what it is.


Time is nature's way of making sure that
everything doesn't happen at once.

Space is nature's way of making sure that
everything doesn't happen to you.


Captain Penny's Law:
	You can fool all of the people some of the time, and
	some of the people all of the time, but you Can't Fool Mom.


If God wanted us to have a President,
He would have sent us a candidate.
		-- Jerry Dreshfield


	Dallas Cowboys Official Schedule

	Sept 14		Pasadena Junior High
	Sept 21		Boy Scout Troop 049
	Sept 28		Blind Academy
	Sept 30		World War I Veterans
	Oct 5		Brownie Scout Troop 041
	Oct 12		Sugarcreek High Cheerleaders
	Oct 26		St. Thomas Boys Choir
	Nov 2		Texas City Vet Clinic
	Nov 9		Korean War Amputees
	Nov 15		VA Hospital Polio Patients


I have found it impossible to carry the heavy burden of responsibility and
to discharge my duties as king as I would wish to do without the help and
support of the woman I love.
		-- Edward, Duke of Windsor, announcing his abdication
		   of the British throne in order to marry the American
		   divorcee Wallis Warfield Simpson. (1936)


	Thompson, if he is to be believed, has sampled the entire
rainbow of legal and illegal drugs in heroic efforts to feel better
than he does.
	As for the truth about his health: I have asked around about
it.  I am told that he appears to be strong and rosy, and steadily
sane.  But we will be doing what he wants us to do, I think, if we
consider his exterior a sort of Dorian Gray facade.  Inwardly, he is
being eaten alive by tinhorn politicians.
	The disease is fatal.  There is no known cure.  The most we can
do for the poor devil, it seems to me, is to name his disease in his
honor.  From this moment on, let all those who feel that Americans can
be as easily led to beauty as to ugliness, to truth as to public
relations, to joy as to bitterness, be said to be suffering from Hunter
Thompson's disease.  I don't have it this morning.  It comes and goes.
This morning I don't have Hunter Thompson's disease.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr. on Dr. Hunter S. Thompson: Excerpt
		   from "A Political Disease", Vonnegut's review of "Fear
		   and Loathing: On the Campaign Trail '72"


Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone.


The Fortune Travel Agency offers a special... Vacation in Hell!
	-- Grace Kelly drives you to the airport.
	-- Thurman Munson flies you to a remote tropical island.
	-- Ted Kennedy's your chauffeur on the island.
	-- You go yachting with Natalie Wood.
	-- You have drinks with William Holden.
	-- And Roman Polanski stays at home and watches your kids.


There are no data that cannot be plotted on a straight line if the axes
are chosen correctly.


Sanity and insanity overlap a fine grey line.


The water was not fit to drink.
To make it palatable, we had to add whiskey.
By diligent effort, I learned to like it.
		-- Winston Churchill


There are ten or twenty basic truths, and life
is the process of discovering them over and over and over.
		-- David Nichols


The trouble with telling a good story is that it invariably reminds
the other fellow of a dull one.
		-- Sid Caesar


It is the wisdom of crocodiles, that shed tears when they would devour.
		-- Francis Bacon


Suggest you just sit there and wait till life gets easier.


QOTD:
	"Talent does what it can, genius what it must.
	I do what I get paid to do."


Said a modest young miss to de Sade,
I'm simply too shy and afraid
	To take part in your pranks.
	But to show you my thanks,
I'd just love to become your first aide.


news: gotcha


The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate
it.
		-- Franklin P. Jones


Democracy is good.  I say this because other systems are worse.
		-- Jawaharlal Nehru


Never try to outstubborn a cat.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"


Waldheimers disease is what you have when you can't remember you were a Nazi.


Sex: the thing that takes up the least amount of time and causes the
most amount of trouble.
		-- John Barrymore


	"Don't come back until you have him", the Tick-Tock Man said quietly,
sincerely, extremely dangerously.
	They used dogs.  They used probes.  They used cardio plate crossoffs.
They used teepers.  They used bribery.  They used stick tites.  They used
intimidation.  They used torment.  They used torture.  They used finks.
They used cops.  They used search and seizure.  They used fallaron.  They
used betterment incentives.  They used finger prints.  They used the
bertillion system.  They used cunning.  They used guile.  They used treachery.
They used Raoul-Mitgong but he wasn't much help.  They used applied physics.
They used techniques of criminology.  And what the hell, they caught him.
		-- Harlan Ellison, "Repent, Harlequin, said the Tick-Tock Man"


Dear Emily, what about test messages?
		-- Concerned

Dear Concerned:
	It is important, when testing, to test the entire net.  Never test
merely a subnet distribution when the whole net can be done.  Also put "please
ignore" on your test messages, since we all know that everybody always skips
a message with a line like that.  Don't use a subject like "My sex is female
but I demand to be addressed as male." because such articles are read in depth
by all USEnauts.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette


Seek simplicity -- and distrust it.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead


If you notice that a person is deceiving you,
they must not be deceiving you very well.


Everything I like is either illegal, immoral or fattening.
		-- Alexander Woollcott


Round Numbers are always false.
		-- Samuel Johnson


"Carefully study these two enlarged photographs on display, Mr. Rafferty,"
the attorney for a politician suing a newspaper for libel instructed his
client on the witness stand, "and indicate which is your ass and which is
a hole in the ground."


Because the wine remembers.


Let's remind ourselves that last year's fresh idea is today's cliche.
		-- Austen Briggs


America is a large, friendly dog in a very small room.  Every time it
wags its tail, it knocks over a chair.
		-- Arnold Joseph Toynbee


Between infinite and short there is a big difference.
		-- G. H. Gonnet


Things are more like they are today than they ever were before.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


We ought to be very grateful that we have tools.  Millions of years ago
people did not have them, and home projects were extremely difficult.
For example, when a primitive person wanted to put up paneling, he had
to drive the little paneling nails into the cave wall with his bare
fist, so generally the paneling wound up getting spattered with
primitive blood, which isn't really all that bad when you consider how
ugly paneling is to begin with.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


After rushing into a drugstore, the nervous young man was obviously
embarrassed when a prim thirty-ish woman asked if she could serve him.
	"N-no," he stammered, "I'd like to see the druggist."
	"I'm the druggist", she replied cheerfully.
	"Oh.. well, uh, it's nothing important," he said, and turned to leave.
	"Young man," said the woman, "my sister and I have been running this
drugstore for nearly ten years.  There is nothing you can tell us that will
embarrass us.
	"Well, all right," he said.  "I have this awful sexual hunger that
nothing will appease.  No matter how many times I make love, I still want to
make love again and again.  Is there anything you can give me for it?"
	"Just a moment," said the woman, "I'll have to discuss this with my
sister."
	A few minutes later, she returned.  "The best we can do," she said,
"is room and board and a half-interest in the business."


"The eleventh commandment was `Thou Shalt Compute' or `Thou Shalt Not
Compute' -- I forget which."
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


Any clod can have the facts, but having opinions is an art.
		-- Charles McCabe


Who is W. O. Baker, and why is he saying those terrible things about me?


