The world's as ugly as sin,
And almost as delightful.
		-- Frederick Locker-Lampson


How come everyone's going so slow if it's called rush hour?


Hear about...
	the doctor that prescribed sex for insomnia?  His patients didn't
	get any more sleep, but they had more fun staying awake.


I regret to say that we of the F.B.I. are powerless to act in cases of
oral-genital intimacy, unless it has in some way obstructed interstate
commerce.
		-- J. Edgar Hoover


Treaties are like roses and young girls -- they last while they last.
		-- Charles DeGaulle


It's raisins that make Post Raisin Bran so raisiny ...


Peace cannot be kept by force; it
can only be achieved by understanding.
		-- Albert Einstein


Democracy is also a form of worship.
It is the worship of Jackals by Jackasses.
		-- H. L. Mencken


U:	There's a U -- a Unicorn!
	Run right up and rub its horn.
	Look at all those points you're losing!
	UMBER HULKS are so confusing.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC


Baruch's Observation:
	If all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.


The Advertising Agency Song:

	When your client's hopping mad,
	Put his picture in the ad.
	If he still should prove refractory,
	Add a picture of his factory.


Age before beauty; and pearls before swine.
		-- Dorothy Parker


You will inherit millions of dollars.


NOTICE:

-- THE ELEVATORS WILL BE OUT OF ORDER TODAY --

(The nearest working elevator is in the building across the street.)


Worst Response To A Crisis, 1985:
	From a readers' Q and A column in TV GUIDE: "If we get involved
	in a nuclear war, would the electromagnetic pulses from
	exploding bombs damage my videotapes?"


Life is a shit sandwich, and every day you get to take another bite.
It's just that some days are TWO BITE days ...


A gleekzorp without a tornpee is like
a quop without a fertsneet (sort of).


Kaufman's First Law of Party Physics:
	Population density is inversely proportional
	to the square of the distance from the keg.


The quality of a pun is in the "Oy!" of the beholder.


If you go on with this nuclear arms race,
all you are going to do is make the rubble bounce.
		-- Winston Churchill


Never speak ill of yourself, your friends will always say enough on
that subject.
		-- Charles-Maurice De Talleyrand


Cheer Up!  Things are getting worse at a slower rate.


Meteorologist, n.:
	A man who can look in a woman's eyes and predict whether.


Confucius say:
	woman who put man in dog house find him in cat house.
	woman who spring on inner-spring this spring, have off-spring
		next spring.
	man who kiss girl's behind, get crack in face.
	passionate kiss like spider web, lead to undoing of fly.
	man who kicked in testicles get left holding bag.
	man who suck nipples make clean breast of things.
	woman who slide down bannister make monkey shine.
	woman's virginity like balloon, one prick and all gone.
	Kotex not best thing on earth, but next to best.
	squirrel who run up woman's leg not find nuts.
	epileptic woman who give blow-job may bite big one.
	seven days on honeymoon make one hole weak.


Nostalgia is living life in the past lane.


We all know that no one understands anything that isn't funny.


When God saw how faulty was man He tried again and made woman.  As to
why he then stopped there are two opinions.  One of them is woman's.
		-- DeGourmont


Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
		-- Aldous Huxley


Chicago Transit Authority Rider's Rule #36:
	Never ever ask the tough looking gentleman wearing El Rukn
	headgear where he got his "pyramid powered pizza warmer".
		-- Chicago Reader 3/27/81


You're reasoning is excellent -- it's
only your basic assumptions that are wrong.


It is a very humbling experience to make a multimillion-dollar mistake, but
it is also very memorable.  I vividly recall the night we decided how to
organize the actual writing of external specifications for OS/360.  The
manager of architecture, the manager of control program implementation, and
I were threshing out the plan, schedule, and division of responsibilities.
	The architecture manager had 10 good men.  He asserted that they
could write the specifications and do it right.  It would take ten months,
three more than the schedule allowed.
	The control program manager had 150 men.  He asserted that they
could prepare the specifications, with the architecture team coordinating;
it would be well-done and practical, and he could do it on schedule.
Furthermore, if the architecture team did it, his 150 men would sit twiddling
their thumbs for ten months.
	To this the architecture manager responded that if I gave the control
program team the responsibility, the result would not in fact be on time,
but would also be three months late, and of much lower quality.  I did, and
it was.  He was right on both counts.  Moreover, the lack of conceptual
integrity made the system far more costly to build and change, and I would
estimate that it added a year to debugging time.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


Hear about...
	the sultan who had ten wives, nine of them had it soft.


I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas.
I'm frightened of the old ones.
		-- John Cage


Then there was the girl whose boyfriend didn't smoke, drink or
swear, and never, ever made a pass at her.  He also made his own dresses.


Don't read any sky-writing for the next two weeks.


PS: This message is not intended to supply the minimum
daily requirement of serious thought.  Consult your doctor
or pharmacist, but not the one that just sent you electronic
junk mail or promises to make explicit drugs fast.
		-- taken from Norman Wilson's .sig


A "practical joker" deserves applause for his wit according to its quality.
Bastinado is about right.  For exceptional wit one might grant keelhauling.
But staking him out on an anthill should be reserved for the very wittiest.
		-- Lazarus Long


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(29) The Los Angeles Raiders will never be the team they were when they
     called Oakland home.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


	While serving as a subaltern in the Boer War, the young Churchill was
asked by a superior officer to give his opinion of the Boers as soldiers.
 "They're assholes, sir," he ventured, then paused briefly and added, with a
whimsical smile, "They're assholes."
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


Pregnancy begins with a single sell.


Treaties are like roses and young girls -- they last while they last.
		-- Charles DeGaulle


First you get down on your knees,	Get in line in that processional,
Fiddle with your rosaries,		Step into that small confessional,
Bow your head with great respect,	There the guy who's got religion'll
And genuflect, genuflect, genuflect!	Tell you if your sins' original.
Do whatever steps you want if		If it is, try playin' it safer,
You have cleared them with the Pontiff,	Drink the wine and chew the wafer,
Ev'rybody say his own			Two, four, six eight,
Kyrie eleison,				Time to transubstantiate!
Doin' the Vatican Rag.

So get down upon your knees,		Make a cross on your abdomen,
Fiddle with your rosaries,		When in Rome do like a Roman,
Bow your head with great respect,	Ave Maria,
And genuflect, genuflect, genuflect!	Gee, it's good to see ya,
	Gettin' ecstatic an' sorta dramatic an' Doin' the Vatican Rag!
		-- Tom Lehrer, "The Vatican Rag"


Conversation, n.:
	A vocal competition in which the one who is catching his breath
	is called the listener.


Vail's Second Axiom:
	The amount of work to be done increases in proportion to the
	amount of work already completed.


A right is not what someone gives you; it's what no one can take from you.
		-- Ramsey Clark


So it's ai yi yi yi,
Your mother scores more than Wayne Gretzky!
So sing me another verse that worse than the other verse,
And waltz me around by my willie!

	There once was a man from Nantucket!
	Whose cock was so long he could suck it!
		He said with a grin,
		As he wiped off his chin,
	If my ear were a cunt I could fuck it!

So it's ai yi yi yi,
Your sister does squat thrusts on flag poles!
So sing me another verse that worse than the other verse,
And waltz me around by my willie!

	There once was a young man from Boston!
	Who drove around town in an Austin!
		There was room for his ass,
		And a gallon of gas,
	So he hung out his balls and he lost 'em!


Life being what it is, one dreams of revenge.
		-- Paul Gauguin


I'd like to meet the man who invented sex and see what he's working on
now.


A radioactive cat has eighteen half-lives.


Never hit a man with glasses; hit him with a baseball bat.


GOD:
	Darwin's chief rival.


Support your local Search and Rescue unit -- get lost.


Hear about...
	the fellow who maintains a special register of particularly
	accommodating girls?  He refers to it as his little blew book.


Kiss me, Kate, we will be married o' Sunday.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"


In Tennessee, it is illegal to shoot any game other than whales from a
moving automobile.


You know, the difference between this company and
the Titanic is that the Titanic had paying customers.


The Great Bald Swamp Hedgehog:
	The Great Bald Swamp Hedgehog of Billericay displays, in
courtship, his single prickle and does impressions of Holiday Inn desk
clerks.  Since this means him standing motionless for enormous periods
of time he is often eaten in full display by The Great Bald Swamp
Hedgehog Eater.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Are we running light with overbyte?


It's not an optical illusion, it just looks like one.
		-- Phil White


In case of fire, stand in the hall and shout "Fire!"
		-- The Kidner Report


Chicago Transit Authority Rider's Rule #84:
	The CTA has complimentary pop-up timers available on request
for overheated passengers.  When your timer pops up, the driver will
cheerfully baste you.
		-- Chicago Reader 5/28/82


I never believed in Santa Claus because I knew no white dude would come
into my neighborhood after dark.
		-- Dick Gregory


	My friends, I am here to tell you of the wondrous continent known as
Africa.  Well we left New York drunk and early on the morning of February 31.
We were 15 days on the water, and 3 on the boat when we finally arrived in
Africa.  Upon our arrival we immediately set up a rigorous schedule:  Up at
6:00, breakfast, and back in bed by 7:00.  Pretty soon we were back in bed by
6:30.  Now Africa is full of big game.  The first day I shot two bucks.  That
was the biggest game we had.  Africa is primarily inhabited by Elks, Moose
and Knights of Pithiests.
	The elks live up in the mountains and come down once a year for their
annual conventions.  And you should see them gathered around the water hole,
which they leave immediately when they discover it's full of water.  They
weren't looking for a water hole.  They were looking for an alck hole.
	One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas, how he got in my
pajamas, I don't know.  Then we tried to remove the tusks.  That's a tough
word to say, tusks.  As I said we tried to remove the tusks, but they were
embedded so firmly we couldn't get them out.  But in Alabama the Tusks are
looser, but that is totally irrelephant to what I was saying.
	We took some pictures of the native girls, but they weren't developed.
So we're going back in a few years...
		-- Julius H. Marx


Did you hear that Captain Crunch, Sugar Bear, Tony the Tiger, and
Snap, Crackle and Pop were all murdered recently...

Police suspect the work of a cereal killer!


"I have credit with this madam who runs a string of super callgirls,"
the executive reminisced at his club bar, "but when I got the bill for
the great head session one of them pleasured me with, I must say that
it was enough to make a blown man cry."


What kind of sordid business are you on now?  I mean, man, whither
goest thou?  Whither goest thou, America, in thy shiny car in the night?
		-- Jack Kerouac


The Buddha, the Godhead, resides quite as comfortably in the circuits of a
digital computer or the gears of a cycle transmission as he does at the top
of a mountain or in the petals of a flower.  To think otherwise is to demean
the Buddha -- which is to demean oneself.
		-- Robert Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"


FORTH IF HONK THEN


The honeymoon is over when he phones to say he'll be late for supper and
she's already left a note that it's in the refrigerator.
		-- Bill Lawrence


Boling's postulate:
	If you're feeling good, don't worry.  You'll get over it.


This time it's for love; next time it's $100.00.


Now it's time to say goodbye
To all our company...
M-I-C	(see you next week!)
K-E-Y	(Why?  Because we LIKE you!)
M-O-U-S-E.


On the porch of a dude named Horatio,
His girl got a yen for fellatio.
	As she sucked on his dingus
	He tried cunnilingus
But the cops ran 'em off of that patio.


If Patrick Henry thought that taxation without representation was bad,
he should see how bad it is with representation.


NEWSFLASH!!
	Rodney Fenster looked up the shaft of elevator number four at
1700 N. 17th St. this morning to see if the elevator was on its way down.
It was.  Age 31.


Most of your faults are not your fault.


Q:	Why did the WASP cross the road?
A:	To get to the middle.


If you throw a New Year's Party, the worst thing that you can do would be
to throw the kind of party where your guests wake up today, and call you to
say they had a nice time.  Now you'll be expected to throw another party
next year.
	What you should do is throw the kind of party where your guest wake
	up several days from now and call their lawyers to find out if
they've been indicted for anything.  You want your guests to be so anxious
to avoid a recurrence of your party that they immediately start planning
parties of their own, a year in advance, just to prevent you from having
another one ...
	If your party is successful, the police will knock on your door,
unless your party is very successful in which case they will lob tear gas
through your living room window.  As host, your job is to make sure that
they don't arrest anybody.  Or if they're dead set on arresting someone,
your job is to make sure it isn't you ...
		-- Dave Barry


Before Xerox, five carbons were the maximum extension of anybody's ego.


One thing the inventors can't seem to
get the bugs out of is fresh paint.


The world is so full of a number of things,
I'm sure we should all be as happy as kings.
	I'll tell you a story--
	It won't take me long--
Of a brother and sister whose tale is my song.

There was an old fellow and what do you think?
He lived on the cheese that he scraped from his dink.
	He whacked it, he hacked it,
	He ate it with glee-
Was there ever a fellow so happy as he?

This charming old chap had a sister as well:
She was ugly and gaunt, with a horrible smell.
	Her cunt was so dirty
	It stank like a beast,
And the odor killed flies as they gathered to feast.

What a wonderful family!  What marvelous style!
I'll bet you and I aren't close by a mile.
	Their odor and diet
	Won't soon be forgotten,
And one day you and I may be equally rotten.


To be who one is, is not to be someone else.


Your goose is cooked.
(Your current chick is burned up too!)


I've always felt sorry for people that don't drink -- remember,
when they wake up, that's as good as they're gonna feel all day!


I told my doctor I got all the exercise I needed being a
pallbearer for all my friends who run and do exercises!
		-- Winston Churchill


Everyone is entitled to my opinion.


Adde parvum parvo manus acervus erit.
[Add little to little and there will be a big pile.]
		-- Ovid


Starkle, starkle, little twink,
Who the hell you are I think
I'm not as drunk as thinkle peep
I'm just a little slort of sheep.
Tee martoonis make a guy,
Feel so woozy, I don't know why.
So mass the pixer and kill my fup
I've all day sober to sunday up.


STRATEGY:
	A comprehensive plan of inaction.


Another possible source of guidance for teenagers is television, but
television's message has always been that the need for truth, wisdom
and world peace pales by comparison with the need for a toothpaste that
offers whiter teeth *_a_n_d* fresher breath.
		-- Dave Barry, "Kids Today: They Don't Know Dum Diddly Do"


Women sometimes forgive a man who forces the opportunity,
but never a man who misses one.
		-- Charles De Talleyrand-Perigord


The Messiah will come.  There will be a resurrection of the dead -- all
the things that Jews believed in before they got so damn sophisticated.
		-- Rabbi Meir Kahane


Executive ability is prominent in your make-up.


The First Rule of Program Optimization:
	Don't do it.

The Second Rule of Program Optimization (for experts only!):
	Don't do it yet.
		-- Michael Jackson


	"How do you know she is a unicorn?" Molly demanded.  "And why
were you afraid to let her touch you?  I saw you.  You were afraid of her."
	"I doubt that I will feel like talking for very long," the cat
replied without rancor.  "I would not waste time in foolishness if I were
you.  As to your first question, no cat out of its first fur can ever be
deceived by appearances.  Unlike human beings, who enjoy them.  As for your
second question --"  Here he faltered, and suddenly became very interested
in washing; nor would he speak until he had licked himself fluffy and then
licked himself smooth again.  Even then he would not look at Molly, but
examined his claws.
	"If she had touched me," he said very softly, "I would have been
hers and not my own, not ever again."
		-- Peter S. Beagle, "The Last Unicorn"


Anyone who has had a bull by the tail
knows five or six more things than someone who hasn't.
		-- Mark Twain


The Worst Musical Trio
	There are few bad musicians who have a chance to give a recital at
a famous concert hall while still learning the rudiments of their
instrument.  This happened about thirty years ago to the son of a Rumanian
gentleman who was owed a personal favour by Georges Enesco, the celebrated
violinist.  Enesco agreed to give lessons to the son who was quite
unhampered by great musical talent.
	Three years later the boy's father insisted that he give a public
concert.  "His aunt said that nobody plays the violin better than he does.
A cousin heard him the other day and screamed with enthusiasm."  Although
Enesco feared the consequences, he arranged a recital at the Salle Gaveau
in Paris.  However, nobody bought a ticket since the soloist was unknown.
	"Then you must accompany him on the piano," said the boy's father,
"and it will be a sell out."
	Reluctantly, Enesco agreed and it was.  On the night an excited
audience gathered.  Before the concert began Enesco became nervous and
asked for someone to turn his pages.
	In the audience was Alfred Cortot, the brilliant pianist, who
volunteered and made his way to the stage.
	The soloist was of uniformly low standard and next morning the
music critic of Le Figaro wrote: "There was a strange concert at the Salle
Gaveau last night.  The man whom we adore when he plays the violin played
the piano.  Another whom we adore when he plays the piano turned the pages.
But the man who should have turned the pages played the violin."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Water?  Never touch the stuff!  Fish fuck in it.
		-- W. C. Fields


Eat the rich, the poor are tough and stringy.


Duckies are fun!


It was a warm, sunny Sunday, and a man and his wife decided to take in the zoo.
They spent the day, and at closing time they walked past the gorilla cage, and
the man noticed the gorilla looking at his wife.  "That gorilla is getting
excited just looking at your tits," he said.  "Why don't you take your blouse
off and we'll see what he does?"
	At first she refused.  But finally persuaded by her husband, she took
off her blouse and bra.  The gorilla went nuts.  He started grunting and
jumping up and down.
	"Hey," the husband said, "let's really blow his mind.  Take off all
your clothes and we'll see what he does."
	Again she said no and again he persuaded her.  This time the ape
really went bananas!  He climbed up and down the bars, did flips, ran around
in circles and tossed his food all over the cage.  The husband went over to
the cage, opened the door and pushed his wife in.
	"Now," said the husband, "tell that motherfucker you have a headache!"


I suppose some of the variation between Boston drivers and the rest of the
country is due to the progressive Massachusetts Driver Education Manual which
I happen to have in my top desk drawer.  Some of the Tips for Better Driving
are worth considering, to wit:

[173.15b]:
	"When competing for a section of road or a parking space, remember
	that the vehicle in need of the most body work has the right-of-way."

[141.2a]:
	"Although it is altogether possible to fit a 6' car into a 6'
	parking space, it is hardly ever possible to fit a 6' car into
	a 5' parking space."

[105.31]:
	"Teenage drivers believe that they are immortal, and drive accordingly.
	Nevertheless, you should avoid the temptation to prove them wrong."


Jews always know two things: suffering and where to find great Chinese food.
		-- From the movie "My Favorite Year"


Suburbia is where the developer bulldozes out the trees, then names
the streets after them.
		-- Bill Vaughn


Hug me now, you mad, impetuous fool!!
Oh wait...
I'm a computer, and you're a person.  It would never work out.
Never mind.


I value kindness to human beings first of all, and kindness to animals.  I
don't respect the law; I have a total irreverence for anything connected
with society except that which makes the roads safer, the beer stronger,
the food cheaper, and old men and women warmer in the winter, and happier
in the summer.
		-- Brendan Behan


Yeah, God is dead, he laughed himself to death.


For good, return good.
For evil, return justice.


Do not use that foreign word "ideals".  We have that excellent native
word "lies".
		-- Henrik Ibsen, "The Wild Duck"


The full potentialities of human fury cannot be reached until a friend
of both parties tactfully interferes.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


We are drowning in information but starved for knowledge.
		-- John Naisbitt, "Megatrends"


Fortune's current rates:

	Answers				.10
	Long answers			.25
	Answers requiring thought	.50
	Correct answers			$1.00

	Dumb looks are still free.


Hypocrite, n.:
	A man who says he likes cats, but won't eat pussy.


A Southern boy graduates from high school heads north to college, taking the
family dog, Old Blue with him, for company.  He's only been there a few weeks
when he gets a call from his girlfriend; seems like they've got a problem,
and she needs a thousand dollars to take care of it.  The boy calls his folks:
	"How are you?" they ask.
	"Oh, I'm fine," he says.
	"And how," they ask, "is Old Blue?"
	"Well, he's kind of depressed.  You see, there's this lady up here
that teaches dogs to talk, and Ol' Blue is feelin' kind of left out 'cause
he's the only dog that doesn't know how to talk.  She charges a thousand
dollars."
	The parents send the boy the thousand dollars, he forwards it to Mary
Lou, and everything's fine until Christmas vacation.  The boy leaves Ol' Blue
at his dorm, 'cause he just can't figure out what to tell his parents.  Sure
enough, when he gets home, the first thing his father wants to know is
"Where's Old Blue?"
	"Well, Pa," says the boy.  "I was driving on home and Old Blue was
talking away about this and that when we passed the Buford's farm.  Old Blue,
well, he said, `Say, what do you think your mother would do if I told her
that your father's been comin' over here and seeing Mrs. Buford all these
years?'"
	The father looks at his son -- "You shot that dog, didn't you, boy?"


If you just try long enough and hard enough, you can always manage to boot
yourself in the posterior.
		-- A. J. Liebling, "The Press"


Let's say your wedding ring falls into your toaster, and when you stick your
hand in to retrieve it, you suffer Pain and Suffering as well as Mental
Anguish.  You would sue:

* The toaster manufacturer, for failure to include, in the instructions
  section that says you should never never never ever stick you hand
  into the toaster, the statement "Not even if your wedding ring falls
  in there".

* The store where you bought the toaster, for selling it to an obvious
  cretin like yourself.

* Union Carbide Corporation, which is not directly responsible in this
  case, but which is feeling so guilty that it would probably send you
  a large cash settlement anyway.
		-- Dave Barry


Don't dip your wick in a WAC,
Don't ride the breast of a WAVE,
	Just sit in the sand
	And do it by hand,
And buy bonds with the money you save.


We totally deny the allegations, and
we're trying to identify the allegators.


Our problems are so serious that the best
way to talk about them is lightheartedly.


A power so great, it can only be used for Good or Evil!
		-- The Firesign Theatre, "The Giant Rat of Sumatra"


Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day
Fritter and waste the hours in an offhand way
Kicking around on a piece of ground in your hometown
Waiting for someone or something to show you the way

Tired of lying in the sunshine		And then one day you find
Staying home to watch the rain		Ten years have got behind you
You are young and life is long		No one told you when to run
And there is time to kill today		You missed the starting gun

And you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it's sinking
And racing around to come up behind you again
The sun is the same in a relative way but you're older
Shorter of breath and one day closer to death

Every year is getting shorter		Hanging on in quiet desperation
						is the English way
Never seem to find the time		The time is gone, the song is over
Plans that either come to nought	Thought I'd something more to say...
Or half a page of scribbled lines
		-- Pink Floyd, "Time"


His heart was yours from the first moment that you met.


When you are about to die, a wombat is better than no company at all.
		-- Roger Zelazny, "Doorways in the Sand"


A kiss is a course of procedure, cunningly devised,
for the mutual stoppage of speech at a moment when
words are superfluous.


If I could stick my pen in my heart,
I would spill it all over the stage.
Would it satisfy ya, would it slide on by ya,
Would you think the boy was strange?
Ain't he strange?
...
If I could stick a knife in my heart,
Suicide right on the stage,
Would it be enough for your teenage lust,
Would it help to ease the pain?
Ease your brain?
		-- Rolling Stones, "It's Only Rock'N Roll"


One of the worst of my many faults is that I'm too critical of myself.


I'm a bisexual; I get it maybe twice a year.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


It took me fifteen years to discover that I had no talent for writing,
but I couldn't give it up because by that time I was too famous.
		-- Robert Benchley


I'm a Hollywood writer; so I put on
a sports jacket and take off my brain.


The father, passing through his son's college town late one evening on a
business trip, thought he would pay his boy a surprise visit.  Arriving at the
lad's fraternity house, dad rapped loudly on the door.  After several minutes
of knocking, a sleepy voice drifted down from a second-floor window,
	"Whaddaya want?"
	"Does Ramsey Duncan live here?" asked the father.
	"Yeah," replied the voice.  "Dump him on the front porch."


A diplomatic husband said to his wife, "How do you expect me to remember
your birthday when you never look any older?"


Let the worthy citizens of Chicago get their liquor the best way
they can. I'm sick of the job.  It's a thankless one and full of grief.
		-- Al Capone


The Kennedy Constant:
	Don't get mad -- get even.


XI:
	If the Earth could be made to rotate twice as fast, managers would
	get twice as much done.  If the Earth could be made to rotate twenty
	times as fast, everyone else would get twice as much done since all
	the managers would fly off.
XII:
	It costs a lot to build bad products.
XIII:
	There are many highly successful businesses in the United States.
	There are also many highly paid executives.  The policy is not to
	intermingle the two.
XIV:
	After the year 2015, there will be no airplane crashes.  There will
	be no takeoffs either, because electronics will occupy 100 percent
	of every airplane's weight.
XV:
	The last 10 percent of performance generates one-third of the cost
	and two-thirds of the problems.
		-- Norman Augustine


The grave's a fine and private place,
but none, I think, do there embrace.
		-- Andrew Marvell


A UNIX saleslady, Lenore,
Enjoys work, but she likes the beach more.
	She found a good way
	To combine work and play:
She sells C shells by the seashore.


	"You say there are two types of people?"
	"Yes, those who separate people into two groups and those that
don't."
	"Wrong.  There are three groups:
		Those who separate people into three groups.
		Those who don't separate people into groups.
		Those who can't decide."
	"Wait a minute, what about people who separate people into
two groups?"
	"Oh.  Okay, then there are four groups."
	"Aren't you then separating people into four groups?"
	"Yeah."
	"So then there's a fifth group, right?"
	"You know, the problem is these idiots who can't make up their
minds."


Most burning issues generate far more heat than light.


HOW YOU CAN TELL THAT IT'S GOING TO BE A ROTTEN DAY:
	#32: You call your answering service and they've never heard of
	     you.


The hater of property and of government takes care to have his warranty
deed recorded, and the book written against fame and learning has the
author's name on the title page.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Journals" (1831)


God did not create the world in seven days; he screwed around for six
days and then pulled an all-nighter.


The idle mind knows not what it is it wants.
		-- Quintus Ennius


Lee's Law:
	Mother said there would be days like this,
	but she never said that there'd be so many!


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Woman:

 1. Beer understands the difference between shooting down an unidentified
	aircraft in a war zone and blowing a Korean airliner out of the sky.
 2. A beer would never own a car with an automatic transmission.
 3. A beer never fishes for compliments.
 4. Beer tastes good.
 5. A beer can enjoy an evening of watching "Johnny-the-Wadd-Holmes' Greatest
	Hits" as much as you do.
 6. An ice-cold beer will nonetheless let you have your way with it.
 7. A beer won't ask you to pick up some tampons when you go to the store.
 8. Beer never asks you to change the station.
 9. A beer won't fill up your 'Vette with 85-octane gas because it's twenty
	cents less expensive.
10. A beer won't make you eat experimental vegetarian meals that taste
	like grass.


Man has made his bedlam; let him lie in it.
		-- Fred Allen


Good advice is one of those insults that ought to be forgiven.


George, after tying on a whopper the night before, woke up in the morning to
find a pathetically unattractive woman sleeping blissfully beside him.  He
leaped out of bed, dressed quickly, and furtively placed $100 on top of the
bureau.  He then started to tiptoe out of the room.  But, as he passed the
foot of the bed, he felt a tug at his trouser leg.  Glancing down, he saw
another female even homelier than the one he'd left in bed.  She gazed up
at him soulfully, and asked, "Nothing for the bridesmaid?"


You've got to think about tomorrow!

TOMORROW!  I haven't even prepared for *_y_e_s_t_e_r_d_a_y* yet!


Dinner is ready when the smoke alarm goes off.


It's not reality or how you perceive things that's important -- it's
what you're taking for it...


One of the pleasures of reading old letters is the knowledge that they
need no answer.
		-- George Gordon, Lord Byron


Half Moon tonight.  (At least it is better than no Moon at all.)


Always run from a knife and rush a gun.
		-- Jimmy Hoffa


The passionate young thing was having a difficult time getting across what
she wanted from her rather dense boyfriend.  Finally she asked,
	"Would you like to see where I was operated on for appendicitis?"
	"Gosh, no!" he replied.  "I hate hospitals."


The years of peak mental activity are undoubtedly between the ages of
four and eighteen.  At four we know all the questions, at eighteen all
the answers.


The truth you speak has no past and no future.
It is, and that's all it needs to be.


The sun never sets on those who ride into it.
		-- RKO


When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt.
		-- Henry J. Kaiser


Remember, no matter where you go, there you are.
		-- Buckaroo Banzai (Peter Weller)
		   "The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai
		   Across The Eighth Dimension"


Nybble me...  Byte me...  Unsigned long int me...


The prick of the engineer, Scott,
Fell off from Saturnian rot.
	He went to the basement
	And made a replacement
Of tungsten and plastic and snot.


Absence makes the heart forget.


Time sure flies when you don't know what you're doing.


Cutler Webster's Law:
	There are two sides to every argument, unless a person
	is personally involved, in which case there is only one.


Ashes to ashes, dust to dust,
If God won't have you, the devil must.


I do not care if half the league strikes.  Those who do will encounter
quick retribution.  All will be suspended, and I don't care if it wrecks
the National League for five years.  This is the United States of America
and one citizen has as much right to play as another.
		-- Ford Frick, National League President, reacting to a
		   threatened strike by some Cardinal players in 1947 if
		   Jackie Robinson took the field against St. Louis.  The
		   Cardinals backed down and played.


Let sleeping dogs lie.
		-- Charles Dickens


Billy:	Mom, you know that vase you said was handed down from
	generation to generation?
Mom:	Yes?
Billy:	Well, this generation dropped it.


It is better never to have been born.  But who among us has such luck?
One in a million, perhaps.


Gray's Law of Programming:
	'n+1' trivial tasks are expected to be
	accomplished in the same time as 'n' tasks.

Logg's Rebuttal to Gray's Law:
	'n+1' trivial tasks take twice as long as 'n' trivial tasks.


A woman went into a hospital one day to give birth.  Afterwards, the doctor
came to her and said, "I have some... odd news for you."
	"Is my baby all right?" the woman anxiously asked.
	"Yes, he is," the doctor replied, "but we don't know how.  Your son
(we assume) was born with no body.  He only has a head."
	Well, the doctor was correct.  The Head was alive and well, though no
one knew how.  The Head turned out to be fairly normal, ignoring his lack of
a body, and lived for some time as typical a life as could be expected under
the circumstances.
	One day, about twenty years after the fateful birth, the woman got a
phone call from another doctor.  The doctor said, "I have recently perfected
an operation.  Your son can live a normal life now: we can graft a body onto
his head!"
	The woman, practically weeping with joy, thanked the doctor and hung
up.  She ran up the stairs saying, "Johnny, Johnny, I have a *wonderful*
surprise for you!"
	"Oh no," cried The Head, "not another HAT!"


They say it's the responsibility of the media to look at government --
especially the president -- with a microscope.  I don't argue with that,
but when they use a proctoscope, it's going too far.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"You can demonstrate a program for a corporate executive, but you
	can't make him computer literate."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


It's not hard to admit errors that are [only] cosmetically wrong.
		-- J. K. Galbraith


Come live with me, and be my love,
And we will some new pleasures prove
Of golden sands, and crystal brooks,
With silken lines, and silver hooks.
		-- John Donne


