Somebody ought to cross ball point pens with coat hangers
so that the pens will multiply instead of disappear.


My brother-in-law has found a way to make ends meet.  He goes around
with his head stuck up his ass.


!07/11 PDP a ni deppart m'I  !pleH


Blood is thicker than water, and much tastier.


	"You boys lookin' for trouble?"
	"Sure.  Whaddya got?"
		-- Marlon Brando, "The Wild Ones"


The Celts invented two things, Whiskey and self-destruction.


Doubt isn't the opposite of faith; it is an element of faith.
		-- Paul Tillich, German theologian


Ah say, son, you're about as sharp as a bowlin' ball.


Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a
wise person to be able to sell it.


The number of feet in a yard is directly proportional to the success
of the barbecue.


Bolub's Fourth Law of Computerdom:
	Project teams detest weekly progress reporting because it so
	vividly manifests their lack of progress.


You will soon meet a person who will play an important role in your life.


Nothing is so firmly believed as that which we least know.
		-- Michel de Montaigne


BASIC is the Computer Science equivalent of "Scientific Creationism."


By long-standing tradition, I take this opportunity to savage other
designers in the thin disguise of good, clean fun.
		-- P. J. Plauger, "Computer Language", 1988, April
		   Fool's column.


I've Been Moved!


Those who in quarrels interpose, must often wipe a bloody nose.


The price of greatness is responsibility.


Start the day with a smile.
After that you can be your nasty old self again.


Computerfirm nymphomaniac, n.:
	Hot Apple pie.


Remember, DESSERT is spelled with two `s's while DESERT is spelled
with one, because EVERYONE wants two desserts, but NO ONE wants two
deserts.
		-- Miss Oglethorp, Gr. 5, PS. 59


Consider a spherical bear, in simple harmonic motion...
		-- Professor in the UCB physics department


					MOUNTIES:
I'm a lumberjack and I'm OK,		He's a lumberjack and he's OK,
I sleep all night and I work all day.	He sleeps all night and he works
					all day.

I cut down trees, I eat my lunch,	He cuts down trees, he eats his lunch,
I go to the lavatory.			He goes to the lavatory.
On Wednesday I go shopping,		On Wednesday he goes shopping,
And have buttered scones for tea.	And has buttered scones for tea.

I cut down trees, I skip and jump,	He cuts down trees, he skips and jumps,
I like to press wild flowers,		He likes to press wild flowers.
I put on women's clothing,		He puts on women's clothing,
And hang around in bars.		And hangs around in bars.

I cut down trees, I wear high heels,	He cuts down trees, he wears high heels,
Suspenders and a bra.			Suspenders?  and a bra?
I wish I'd been a girlie,		That's rude...
Just like my dear Pappa.


If a can of Alpo costs 38 cents, would it cost $2.50 in Dog Dollars?


The more crap you put up with, the more crap you are going to get.


We'll know that rock is dead when you have to get a degree to work in it.


If you steal from one author it's plagiarism; if you steal from
many it's research.
		-- Wilson Mizner


The more things change, the more they stay insane.


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #10 -- SIMPLE

	SIMPLE is an acronym for Sheer Idiot's Monopurpose Programming
Language Environment.  This language, developed at the Hanover College
for Technological Misfits, was designed to make it impossible to write
code with errors in it.  The statements are, therefore, confined to BEGIN,
END and STOP.  No matter how you arrange the statements, you can't make a
syntax error.  Programs written in SIMPLE do nothing useful, thus achieving
the results of programs written in other languages without the tedious,
frustrating process of testing and debugging.


Something unpleasant is coming when men are anxious to tell the truth.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli


Ducks?  What ducks??


The more crap you put up with, the more crap you are going to get.


INNUENDO:
	Italian enema.


Time to be aggressive.  Go after a tattooed Virgo.


Q:	What's the difference between Bell Labs and the Boy Scouts of America?
A:	The Boy Scouts have adult supervision.


It's very glamorous to raise millions of dollars, until it's time for the
venture capitalist to suck your eyeballs out.
		-- Peter Kennedy, chairman of Kraft & Kennedy


Q:	How do you fit 1000 dead babies into a phone booth?
A:	Cusinart.

Q:	How do you get them back out?
A:	Doritos.


You can imagine my embarrassment when I killed the wrong guy.
		-- Joe Valachi


Save a forest -- eat a beaver!


Darling: the popular form of address used in speaking to a member of the
opposite sex whose name you cannot at the moment remember.
		-- Oliver Herford


Magnocartic, adj.:
	Any automobile that, when left unattended, attracts shopping
	carts.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Automobile, n.:
	A four-wheeled vehicle that runs up hills and down
	pedestrians.


It must be admitted that we English have sex on the brain, which is a
very unfortunate place to have it.
		-- Malcolm Muggeridge


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#17

Shoes:
	 The average man has 4 pairs of footwear: running shoes, dress shoes,
boots, and slippers.  The average woman has shoes 4 layers thick on the floor
of her closet.  Most of them hurt her feet.

Making friends:
	 A woman will meet another woman with common interests, do a few things
together, and say something like, "I hope we can be good friends."
	A man will meet another man with common interests, do a few things
together, and say nothing.  After years of interacting with this other man,
sharing hopes and fears that he wouldn't confide in his priest or
psychiatrist, he'll finally let down his guard in a fit of drunken
sentimentality and say something like, "You know, for someone who's such a
jerk, I guess you're OK."


If once a man indulges himself in murder, very soon he comes to think little
of robbing; and from robbing he next comes to drinking and Sabbath-breaking,
and from that to incivility and procrastination.
		-- Thomas De Quincey (1785-1859)


Sometimes I get the feeling that I went to a party on Perry Lane in 1962, and
the party spilled out of the house, and came down the street, and covered the
world.
		-- Robert Stone


Circumstances rule men; men do not rule circumstances.
		-- Herodotus


The street preacher looked so baffled
When I asked him why he dressed
With forty pounds of headlines
Stapled to his chest.
But he cursed me when I proved to him
I said, "Not even you can hide.
You see, you're just like me.
I hope you're satisfied."
		-- Bob Dylan


My advice to you, my violent friend, is to seek out gold and sit on it.
		-- The Dragon to Grendel, in John Gardner's "Grendel"


Signs of crime: screaming or cries for help.
		-- The Brown University Security Crime Prevention Pamphlet


Anyone who has attended a USENIX conference in a fancy hotel can tell you
that a sentence like "You're one of those computer people, aren't you?"
is roughly equivalent to "Look, another amazingly mobile form of slime
mold!" in the mouth of a hotel cocktail waitress.
		-- Elizabeth Zwicky


In Brooklyn, we had such great pennant races, it
made the World Series just something that came later.
		-- Walter O'Malley, Dodgers owner


Hear that...
	there's an establishment near the White House that caters to kinky
	tastes?  There's a House whip in attendance, of course?


George Washington not only chopped down his father's cherry tree, but
he also admitted doing it.  Now, do you know why his father didn't
punish him?  Because George still had the axe in his hand.


Oh I'm just a typical American boy
From a typical American town.
I believe in God and Senator Dodd
And keeping old Castro down.
And when it came my time to serve
I knew "Better Dead Than Red",
But when I got to my old draft board,
Buddy, this is what I said:

Chorus:
	Sarge, I'm only eighteen, I've got a ruptured spleen,
	And I always carry a purse!
	I've got eyes like a bat and my feet are flat,
	And my asthma's getting worse!
	Yes, think of my career and my sweetheart dear,
	And my poor old invalid aunt!
	Besides I ain't no fool, I'm a-going to school
	And I'm a-working in a defense plant!
		-- Phil Ochs, "Draft Dodger Rag"


Two battleships assigned to the training squadron had been at sea on maneuvers
in heavy weather for several days.  I was serving on the lead battleship and
was on watch on the bridge as night fell.  The visibility was poor with patchy
fog, so the Captain remained on the bridge keeping an eye on all activities.
	Shortly after dark, the lookout on the wing of the bridge reported,
"Light, bearing on the starboard bow."
	"Is it steady or moving astern?" the Captain called out.
	Lookout replied, "Steady, Captain," which meant we were on a dangerous
collision course with that ship.
	The Captain then called to the signalman, "Signal that ship: We are on
a collision course, advise you change course 20 degrees."
	Back came a signal "Advisable for you to change course 20 degrees."
	In reply, the Captain said, "Send: I'm a Captain, change course 20
degrees!"
	"I'm a seaman second class," came the reply, "You had better change
course 20 degrees."
	By that time, the Captain was furious. He spit out, "Send: I'm a
battleship, change course 20 degrees."
	Back came the flashing light: "I'm a lighthouse!"
	We changed course.
		-- The Naval Institute's "Proceedings"


Kansas state law requires pedestrians crossing the highways at night to
wear tail lights.


Once ... in the wilds of Afghanistan, I lost my corkscrew,
and we were forced to live on nothing but food and water for days.
		-- W. C. Fields, "My Little Chickadee"


Practice is the best of all instructors.
		-- Publilius


I love treason but hate a traitor.
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar


	Churchill was known to drain a glass or two and, after one
particularly convivial evening, he chanced to encounter Miss Bessie Braddock,
a Socialist member of the House of Commons, who, upon seeing his condition,
said, "Winston, you're drunk."  Mustering all his dignity, Churchill drew
himself up to his full height, cocked an eyebrow and rejoined, "Shove it up
your ass, you ugly cunt."
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


A radioactive cat has eighteen half-lives.


Time sure flies when you don't know what you're doing.


	The FIELD GUIDE to NORTH AMERICAN MALES

SPECIES:	Cranial Males
SUBSPECIES:	The Hacker (homo computatis)
Plumage:
	All clothes have a slightly crumpled look as though they came off the
	top of the laundry basket.  Style varies with status.  Hacker managers
	wear gray polyester slacks, pink or pastel shirts with wide collars,
	and paisley ties; staff wears cinched-up baggy corduroy pants, white
	or blue shirts with button-down collars, and penholder in pocket.
	Both managers and staff wear running shoes to work, and a black
	plastic digital watch with calculator.


Always draw your curves, then plot your reading.


Daisy, Daisy, give me your answer true,
Daisy, Daisy, wouldn't you like to screw?
I really must beg your pardon,
But I've got a hell of a hard-on,
From beating my meat, against the seat,
Of a bicycle built for two.
		-- "Daisy, Daisy", "The Dirty Song Book"


Mixed emotions:
	Watching your mother-in-law back off a cliff...
	in your brand new Mercedes.


Kissing, petting, and even intercourse are all right as long as they are
sincere.  I have never given a kiss in my life that wasn't sincere.  As
for intercourse, I'd say three times a day was about right.
		-- Margaret Sangor


The hacker as a mate/lover and the signs of trouble:

-- The morning after note reads:
	Whiting, Barbara:
	I enjoyed last night.  We really interfaced.  You looked so cute
	I wanted to byte your ear.
-- He believes Steve Wozniak offered the Apple to Adam.
-- The people he tries to emulate are five years his junior.
-- The last straw:
	Once again, your date has lost all track of time debugging a new
	program and shows up an hour late.

	You Don't...:
		Make nasty asides regarding his 5-1/4 inch floppy.
	You Do...:
		Remind him that "going down" doesn't necessarily
		indicate a malfunction.


She was only:
	a coal digger's daughter, but she'll always be mine.
	a statistician's daughter, but she knew all the standard deviations.
	a wrestler's daughter, but you should have seen her box.
	a moonshiner's daughter, but I loved her still.
	a chimney sweep's daughter, but she sure knew how to haul ash.
	a fireman's daughter, but her face was a cause for alarm.
	a banker's daughter, but she opened her drawers for cash.


As long as I am mayor of this city [Jersey City, New Jersey] the great
industries are secure.  We hear about constitutional rights, free speech
and the free press.  Every time I hear these words I say to myself, "That
man is a Red, that man is a Communist".  You never hear a real American
talk like that.
		-- Frank Hague (1896-1956)


Keep the phase, baby.


When I was a kid I said to my father one afternoon, "Daddy, will you
take me to the zoo?" He answered, "If the zoo wants you let them come
and get you."
		-- Jerry Lewis


A man is already halfway in love with any woman who listens to him.
		-- Brendan Francis


In Pocatello, Idaho, a law passed in 1912 provided that "The carrying
of concealed weapons is forbidden, unless same are exhibited to public
view."


Don't shoot until you're sure you both aren't on the same side.


If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward,
then we are a sorry lot indeed.
		-- Albert Einstein


Bond reflected that good Americans were fine people and that most of them
seemed to come from Texas.
		-- Ian Fleming, "Casino Royale"


To be is to do.
		-- I. Kant
To do is to be.
		-- A. Sartre
Do be a Do Bee!
		-- Miss Connie, Romper Room
Do be do be do!
		-- F. Sinatra
Yabba-Dabba-Doo!
		-- F. Flintstone


A man sat down next to another passenger on a train recently and couldn't
help overhearing his conversation out the window with a man standing on
the train platform.
	"Thanks for putting me up while I was here, Sam," said the passenger.
	"Glad to do it," said the other man.
	"Thanks for the food and the drinks -- everything was wonderful."
	"It was a pleasure," said the man.
	"And thank your wife, Sam, she was great," said the passenger,
"she was a truly great lay."
	The man was rather taken aback by this exchange and he later turned
to his fellow passenger and said: "Pardon me sir, but did I understand you
to say that your friend's wife was a great lay?"
	"Well," said the other passenger, "I didn't REALLY enjoy it.  But
Sam is a helluva nice guy."


But I find the old notions somehow appealing.  Not that I want to go
back to them -- it is outrageous to have some outer authority tell you
what is proper use and abuse of your own faculties, and it is ludicrous
to hold reason higher than body or feeling.  Still there is something
true and profoundly sane about the belief that acts like murder or
theft or assault violate the doer as well as the done to.  We might
even, if we thought this way, have less crime.  The popular view of
crime, as far as I can deduce it from the movies and television, is
that it is a breaking of a rule by someone who thinks they can get away
with that; implicitly, everyone would like to break the rule, but not
everyone is arrogant enough to imagine they can get away with it.  It
therefore becomes very important for the rule upholders to bring such
arrogance down.
		-- Marilyn French, "The Woman's Room"


Apathy Club meeting this Friday.
If you want to come, you're not invited.


Put cats in the coffee and mice in the tea!


You humans are all alike.


F:	When into a room I plunge, I
	Sometimes find some VIOLET FUNGI.
	Then I linger, darkly brooding
	On the poison they're exuding.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC


	Hack placidly amidst the noisy printers and remember what prizes there
may be in Science.  As fast as possible get a good terminal on a good system.
Enter your data clearly but always encrypt your results.  And listen to others,
even the dull and ignorant, for they may be your customers.  Avoid loud and
aggressive persons, for they are sales reps.
	If you compare your outputs with those of others, you may be surprised,
for always there will be greater and lesser numbers than you have crunched.
Keep others interested in your career, and try not to fumble; it can be a real
hassle and could change your fortunes in time.
	Exercise system control in your experiments, for the world is full of
bugs.  But let this not blind you to what virtue there is; many persons strive
for linearity and everywhere papers are full of approximations.  Strive for
proportionality.  Especially, do not faint when it occurs.  Neither be cyclical
about results; for in the face of all data analysis it is sure to be noticed.
	Take with a grain of salt the anomalous data points.  Gracefully pass
them on to the youth at the next desk.  Nurture some mutual funds to shield
you in times of sudden layoffs.  But do not distress yourself with imaginings
-- the real bugs are enough to screw you badly.  Murphy's Law runs the
Universe -- and whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt <Curl>B*n dS = 0.
	Therefore, grab for a piece of the pie, with whatever proposals you
can conceive of to try.  With all the crashed disks, skewed data, and broken
line printers, you can still have a beautiful secretary.  Be linear.  Strive
to stay employed.
		-- Technolorata, "Analog"


Two nuns, a mother superior and a new nun, are walking home one night from
church when they are attacked by two vicious rapists.  The two men drag the
nuns off into the bushes and proceed to have their way with them.  The mother
superior is very afraid, but she knows that God will protect her.  To show her
strength and trust in God she yells out "Forgive him Father, for he knows not
what he does!"
	To which the young nun replies "Oooooh, mine does!!"


X windows:
	You'd better sit down.
	Don't laugh.  It could be YOUR thesis project.
	Why do it right when you can do it wrong?
	Live the nightmare.
	Our bugs run faster.
	When it absolutely, positively HAS to crash overnight.
	There ARE no rules.
	You'll wish we were kidding.
	Everything you never wanted in a window system.  And more.
	Dissatisfaction guaranteed.
	There's got to be a better way.
	The next best thing to keypunching.
	Leave the thrashing to us.
	We wrote the book on core dumps.
	Even your dog won't like it.
	More than enough rope.
	Garbage at your fingertips.

Incompatibility.  Shoddiness.  Uselessness.
	X windows.


For people who like that kind of book,
that is the kind of book they will like.


When you live in a sick society,
just about everything you do is wrong.


I have already given two cousins to the war and I stand ready to
sacrifice my wife's brother.
		-- Artemus Ward


Who does not trust enough will not be trusted.
		-- Lao Tsu


I got tired of listening to the recording on the phone at the movie
theater.  So I bought the album.  I got kicked out of a theater the
other day for bringing my own food in.  I argued that the concession
stand prices were outrageous.  Besides, I hadn't had a barbecue in a
long time.  I went to the theater and the sign said adults $5 children
$2.50.  I told them I wanted 2 boys and a girl.  I once took a cab to
a drive-in movie.  The movie cost me $95.
		-- Steven Wright


The questions remain the same.
The answers are eternally variable.


World War Three can be averted by adherence to a strictly enforced
dress code!


Nothing is ever a total loss; it can always serve as a bad example.


You will live a long, healthy, happy life and make bags of money.


Chipmunks roasting on an open fire
Jack Frost ripping up your nose
Yuletide carolers being thrown in the fire
And folks dressed up like buffaloes
Everybody knows a turkey slaughtered in the snow
Helps to make the season right
Tiny tots with their eyes all gouged out
Will find it hard to see tonight
They know that Santa's on his way
He's loaded lots of guns and bullets on his sleigh
And every mother's child is sure to spy
To see if reindeer really scream when they die
And so I'm offering this simple phrase
To kids from one to ninety two
Although it's been said many times, many ways
Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas, Fuck you!!


Q:	How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	NONE!  AND THAT'S NOT FUNNY!!

Q:	How many Radcliffe girls does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	It's "Women"...  AND IT'S NOT FUNNY!!


Did it ever occur to you that fat chance
and slim chance mean the same thing?


"Technique?" said the programmer turning from his terminal, "What I follow
is Tao -- beyond all technique! When I first began to program I would see
before me the whole problem in one mass. After three years I no longer saw
this mass.  Instead, I used subroutines.  But now I see nothing.  My whole
being exists in a formless void.  My senses are idle.  My spirit, free to
work without plan, follows its own instinct.  In short, my program writes
itself.  True, sometimes there are difficult problems.  I see them coming, I
slow down, I watch silently.  Then I change a single line of code and the
difficulties vanish like puffs of idle smoke.  I then compile the program.
I sit still and let the joy of the work fill my being.  I close my eyes for
a moment and then log off."


Dozens of bears are found dead in Alaska and Canada every summer, killed
by blood lost to the voracious mosquito.  The estimated life-expectancy
of a naked man on the tundra in summer is about 15 minutes.  In that
time, approximately 250,000 mosquitoes would have drawn enough blood to
kill him.
		-- Gus McLeavy, "Day-by-Day Trivia Almanac"


Murphy was an optimist.


It's not the men in my life, but the life in my men that counts.
		-- Mae West


Everybody is somebody else's weirdo.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


Captain Hook died of jock itch.


Common sense and a sense of humor are the same thing, moving at
different speeds.  A sense of humor is just common sense, dancing.
		-- Clive James


Dow's Law:
	In a hierarchical organization,
	the higher the level, the greater the confusion.


"Necessity is the mother of invention" is a silly proverb.  "Necessity
is the mother of futile dodges" is much nearer the truth.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead


The brotherhood of man is not a mere poet's dream; it is a most depressing
and humiliating reality.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Television is now so desperately hungry for material
that it is scraping the top of the barrel.
		-- Gore Vidal


I argue very well.  Ask any of my remaining friends.  I can win an
argument on any topic, against any opponent.  People know this, and
steer clear of me at parties.  Often, as a sign of their great respect,
they don't even invite me.
		-- Dave Barry


Counting in octal is just like counting
in decimal -- if you don't use your thumbs.
		-- Tom Lehrer


Art is a jealous mistress.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Who loves me will also love my dog.
		-- John Donne


Federal grants are offered for... research into the recreation
potential of interplanetary space travel for the culturally
disadvantaged.


You have only to mumble a few words in church to get married
and few words in your sleep to get divorced.


You have a reputation for being thoroughly reliable and trustworthy.
A pity that it's totally undeserved.


Hatcheck girl:
	"Goodness!  What lovely diamonds!"
Mae West:
	"Goodness had nothin' to do with it, dearie."
		-- "Night After Night", 1932


Winter is the season in which people try to keep the house
as warm as it was in the summer, when they complained about the heat.


As I was passing Project MAC,
I met a Quux with seven hacks.
Every hack had seven bugs;
Every bug had seven manifestations;
Every manifestation had seven symptoms.
Symptoms, manifestations, bugs, and hacks,
How many losses at Project MAC?


If God didn't mean for us to juggle, tennis balls wouldn't come three
to a can.


Don't shout for help at night.  You might wake your neighbors.
		-- Stanislaw J. Lec, "Unkempt Thoughts"


Q:	Why is Sister Pat the way she is?
A:	Because when she was 16, a group of boys tied her up and
	gang-rejected her.


There were in this country two very large monopolies.  The larger of
the two had the following record: the Vietnam War, Watergate, double-
digit inflation, fuel and energy shortages, bankrupt airlines, and the
8-cent postcard.  The second was responsible for such things as the
transistor, the solar cell, lasers, synthetic crystals, high fidelity
stereo recording, sound motion pictures, radio astronomy, negative
feedback, magnetic tape, magnetic "bubbles", electronic switching
systems, microwave radio and TV relay systems, information theory, the
first electrical digital computer, and the first communications
satellite.  Guess which one got to tell the other how to run the
telephone business?


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#5

Trust:
	The average woman would really like to be told if her mate is fooling
around behind her back.  This same woman wouldn't tell her best friend if
she knew the best friends' mate was having an affair.  She'll tell all her
OTHER friends, however.  The average man won't say anything if he knows that
one of his friend's mates is fooling around, and he'd rather not know if
his mate is having an affair either, out of fear that it might be with one
of his friends.  He will tell all his friends about his own affairs, though,
so they can be ready if he needs an alibi.

Driving:

	A typical man thinks he's Mario Andretti as soon as he slips behind
the wheel of his car.  The fact that it's an 8-year-old Honda doesn't keep
him from trying to out-accelerate the guy in the Porsche who's attempting
to cut him off; freeway on-ramps are exciting challenges to see who has The
Right Stuff on the morning commute.  Does he or doesn't he?  Only his body
shop knows for sure.  Insurance companies understand this behavior, and
price their policies accordingly.
	A woman will slow down to let a car merge in front of her, and get
rear-ended by another woman who was busy adding the finishing touches to
her makeup.


I never killed a man that didn't deserve it.
		-- Mickey Cohen


Q:	What happens when four WASPs find themselves in the same room?
A:	A dinner party.


Why I Can't Go Out With You:

I'd LOVE to, but...
	-- I'm trying to see how long I can go without saying yes.
	-- I'm attending the opening of my garage door.
	-- The monsters haven't turned blue yet, and I have to eat more dots.
	-- I'm converting my calendar watch from Julian to Gregorian.
	-- I have to fulfill my potential.
	-- I don't want to leave my comfort zone.
	-- It's too close to the turn of the century.
	-- I have to bleach my hare.
	-- I'm worried about my vertical hold knob.
	-- I left my body in my other clothes.


YOUR FOAMY FUTURE
	by Miss Fortune

AQUARIUS (Jan. 20 - Feb. 18)
	You have nothing better to think about than what to wear and what
type of champagne to take to the neighbors Halloween Party.  Just take beer!
Don't try to copy the "Joneses", pull them up to your level and remember, in
California Halloween is redundant anyhow.

PISCES (Feb. 19 - March 20)
	Focus on strengthening friendships this Fall.  You find others are
fascinated by your intelligence, your wit, your drinking ability, and your
bank account.  Just make sure you realize it's far more impressive when
other discover your good qualities without your help.


If you're a young Mafia gangster out on your first date, I bet it's real
embarrassing if someone tries to kill you.
		-- Jack Handey


Imagine if every Thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them the
usual way.  This happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody
thinks of complaining.
		-- Jeff Raskin, interviewed in Doctor Dobb's Journal


There is no likelihood man can ever tap the power of the atom.
		-- Robert Millikan, Nobel Prize in Physics, 1923


(defun NF (a c)
  (cond ((null c) () )
	((atom (car c))
	  (append (list (eval (list 'getchar (list (car c) 'a) (cadr c))))
		 (nf a (cddr c))))
	(t (append (list (implode (nf a (car c)))) (nf a (cdr c))))))

(defun AD (want-job challenging boston-area)
  (cond
   ((or (not (equal want-job 'yes))
	(not (equal boston-area 'yes))
	(lessp challenging 7)) () )
   (t (append (nf  (get 'ad 'expr)
	  '((caaddr 1 caadr 2 car 1 car 1)
	    (car 5 cadadr 9 cadadr 8 cadadr 9 caadr 4 car 2 car 1)
	    (car 2 caadr 4)))
      (list '851-5071x2661)))))
;;;     We are an affirmative action employer.


Everything in this book may be wrong.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


HERPES:
	The final proof that 'tis better to give than to receive.
	Much better.


Work is the crab grass in the lawn of life.
		-- Schulz


A fair exterior is a silent recommendation.
		-- Publilius Syrus


Feeling amorous, she looked under the sheets and cried, "Oh, no,
it's Microsoft!"


This is Betty Frenel.  I don't know who to call but I can't reach my
Food-a-holics partner.  I'm at Vido's on my second pizza with sausage
and mushroom.  Jim, come and get me!


Diplomacy is about surviving until the next century.
Politics is about surviving until Friday afternoon.
		-- Sir Humphrey Appleby


I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
		-- Publilius Syrus


The entire work force of the Communist countries is subjected to periodic
purges (called verifications in Newspeak).  One of the most severe took
place in 1957 when Novotny, rattled by the Hungarian Revolution the year
before, tried hard to weed out "radishes" (red outside, white inside) from
all but insignificant positions.  Any one of the following would often
result in the loss of one's job:  Bourgeois or Jewish family background,
relatives abroad, contacts with former capitalists, having lived in a
Western country, insufficient knowledge of Communist literature, and others.

	A man is interviewed by a "Verification Committee."
	"What kind of family do you come from?"
	"A rich, Jewish family."
	"And your wife?"
	"A German aristocrat."
	"Have you ever been to the West?"
	"I spent most of my life in England."
	"How did you make a living there?"
	"A friend supported me."
	"Where did you get the money from?"
	"He owned a textile factory."
	"Who was Lenin?"
	"Never heard of him."
	"What is your name?"
	"Karl Marx."


Hi!  I'm Larry.  This is my brother Bob, and this is my other brother
Jimbo.  We thought you might like to know the names of your assailants.


Forms follow function, and often obliterate it.


