Never invest your money in anything that eats or needs repainting.
		-- Billy Rose


For my son, Robert, this is proving to be the high-point of his entire
life to date.  He has had his pajamas on for two, maybe three days
now.  He has the sense of joyful independence a 5-year-old child gets
when he suddenly realizes that he could be operating an acetylene torch
in the coat closet and neither parent [because of the flu] would have
the strength to object.  He has been foraging for his own food, which
means his diet consists entirely of "food" substances which are
advertised only on Saturday-morning cartoon shows; substances that are
the color of jukebox lights and that, for legal reasons, have their
names spelled wrong, as in New Creemy Chok-'n'-Cheez Lumps o' Froot
("part of this complete breakfast").
		-- Dave Barry, "Molecular Homicide"


Hear that...
	there's an establishment near the White House that caters to kinky
	tastes?  There's a House whip in attendance, of course?


Life should not be a journey to the grave with the intention
of arriving safely in a pretty and well preserved body, but
rather to skid in broadside, thoroughly used up, totally worn out,
and loudly proclaiming --WOW---What A RIDE!!


Diplomacy is about surviving until the next century.
Politics is about surviving until Friday afternoon.
		-- Sir Humphrey Appleby


An American scientist once visited the offices of the great Nobel prize
winning physicist, Niels Bohr, in Copenhagen.  He was amazed to find that
over Bohr's desk was a horseshoe, securely nailed to the wall, with the
open end up in the approved manner (so it would catch the good luck and not
let it spill out).  The American said with a nervous laugh,
	"Surely you don't believe the horseshoe will bring you good luck,
do you, Professor Bohr?  After all, as a scientist --"
Bohr chuckled.
	"I believe no such thing, my good friend.  Not at all.  I am
scarcely likely to believe in such foolish nonsense.  However, I am told
that a horseshoe will bring you good luck whether you believe in it or not."


Fun experiments:
	Get a can of shaving cream, throw it in a freezer for about a week.
	Then take it out, peel the metal off and put it where you want...
	bedroom, car, etc.  As it thaws, it expands an unbelievable amount.


"Shelter", what a nice name for a place where you polish your cat.


Impossible, adj.:
	(1) I wouldn't like it and when it happens I won't approve;
	(2) I can't be bothered;
	(3) God can't be bothered.
Meaning (3) may perhaps be valid but the others are 101% whaledreck.
		-- Chad C. Mulligan, "The Hipcrime Vocab"


Inspiration without perspiration is usually sterile.


Things are not always what they seem.
		-- Phaedrus


The very proper spinster didn't go out very often, but she had some important
shopping to do that morning and so decided to have her lunch in what appeared
to be a nice quiet respectable restaurant.  With the noontime crowd, many
customers shared their tables with strangers; the spinster selected a seat
next to an attractive, young office girl.  The girl finished her sandwich and
coffee, then settled back and lit up a cigarette.  The older woman controlled
herself for a few moments and then snapped,
	"I'd rather commit adultery than smoke in public."
	"So would I," said the girl, "but I only have half an hour for lunch."


One of the first things school children in Texas learn is how to
compose a simple declarative sentence without the word "shit" in it.


John the Baptist after poisoning a thief,
Looks up at his hero, the Commander-in-Chief,
Saying tell me great leader, but please make it brief
Is there a hole for me to get sick in?
The Commander-in-Chief answers him while chasing a fly,
Saying death to all those who would whimper and cry.
And dropping a barbell he points to the sky,
Saying the sun is not yellow, it's chicken.
		-- Bob Dylan, "Tombstone Blues"


My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four.
Unless there are three other people.
		-- Orson Welles


Elegance and truth are inversely related.
		-- Becker's Razor


Anyone taking offence at fortune(s) is desperately lacking beer, in my
extremely humble opinion.
		-- Philip Paeps


Who loves me will also love my dog.
		-- John Donne


Frobnicate, v.:
	To manipulate or adjust, to tweak.  Derived from FROBNITZ.
Usually abbreviated to FROB.  Thus one has the saying "to frob a
frob".  See TWEAK and TWIDDLE.  Usage: FROB, TWIDDLE, and TWEAK
sometimes connote points along a continuum.  FROB connotes aimless
manipulation; TWIDDLE connotes gross manipulation, often a coarse
search for a proper setting; TWEAK connotes fine-tuning.  If someone is
turning a knob on an oscilloscope, then if he's carefully adjusting it
he is probably tweaking it; if he is just turning it but looking at the
screen he is probably twiddling it; but if he's just doing it because
turning a knob is fun, he's frobbing it.


I may be getting older, but I refuse to grow up!


A gambler was telling a friend about his first junket to Las Vegas and how
hard it was to get any sleep.
	"I was awakened at one, two and four in the morning by a
drunken chorus girl banging on the door and screaming," he recalled.
	"That's terrible," the friend said." How'd you ever get any sleep?"
	"At five o'clock I unlocked the door and let her out."


Women give themselves to God when the
Devil wants nothing more to do with them.
		-- Arnould


If you look good and dress well, you don't need a purpose in life.
		-- Robert Pante, fashion consultant


Necrophilia, n.:
	Dead boring.

Incest, n.:
	Relatively boring.


'Naomi, sex at noon taxes.' I moan.
Never odd or even.
A man, a plan, a canal, Panama.
Madam, I'm Adam.
Sit on a potato pan, Otis.
		-- The Mad Palindromist


Mr. Rection, Mr. Hugh G. Rection, please pick up a white courtesy telephone!


When the ax entered the forest, the trees said, "The handle is one of us!"
		-- Turkish proverb


... it is easy to be blinded to the essential uselessness of them by the
sense of achievement you get from getting them to work at all.  In other
words... their fundamental design flaws are completely hidden by their
superficial design flaws.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
		   on the products of the Sirius Cybernetics Corporation


The last thing one knows in constructing a work is what to put first.
		-- Blaise Pascal


Your fault - core dumped


I'll meet you... on the dark side of the moon...
		-- Pink Floyd


We seem to have forgotten the simple truth that reason is never perfect.
Only non-sense attains perfection.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


There was once a salesman who had an outstanding record for selling tooth-
brushes.  His boss, wondering at his unlikely success, sent a man out to
follow the salesman on rounds to see what pitch he gave that brought such
good results.  It was soon found that this particular salesman went to the
corner of a busy street and opened up his briefcase, and on one side was the
assortment of toothbrushes, and on the other side various chips and garnishes
and a bowl of brownish stuff.  He would grab a likely customer and give them
the following pitch.
	"Good morning, ma'am, this is a commercial promotion for --- brand
of chip dip.  Would you care to give it a try?"
	At that point the person would try it, then spit it out and scream
in utter disgust, "This tastes like shit!"
	The salesman would smile and say, "It is.  You want to buy a
toothbrush?"


The reason that sex is so popular is that it's centrally located.


	There once was this swami who lived above a delicatessen.  Seems one
day he decided to stop in downstairs for some fresh liver.  Well, the owner
of the deli was a bit of a cheap-skate, and decided to pick up a little extra
change at his customer's expense.  Turning quietly to the counterman, he
whispered, "Weigh down upon the swami's liver!"


Q:	Do you think the idea of "one tool doing one job" has been
	abandoned? ...
A:	Those days are dead and gone and the eulogy was delivered by
	Perl.
		-- Rob Pike


The government has just completed work on a missile that turned out
to be a bit of a boondoggle; nicknamed "Civil Servant", it won't work
and they can't fire it.


The so-called lessons of history are for the most part the
rationalizations of the victors.  History is written by the survivors.
		-- Max Lerner


It matters not whether you win or lose; what matters is whether *I* win
or lose.
		-- Darrin Weinberg


Bookstores will soon be stocking a volume called "The Unsensuous
Census Taker".  It's about a guy who comes once every ten years.


A hermit is a deserter from the army of humanity.


The duck hunter trained his retriever to walk on water.  Eager to show off
this amazing accomplishment, he asked a friend to go along on his next
hunting trip.  Saying nothing, he fired his first shot and, as the duck fell,
the dog walked on the surface of the water, retrieved the duck and returned
it to his master.
	"Notice anything?" the owner asked eagerly.
	"Yes," said his friend, "I see that fool dog of yours can't swim."


If someone had told me I would be Pope
one day, I would have studied harder.
		-- Pope John Paul I


Q:	How do you shoot a blue elephant?
A:	With a blue-elephant gun.

Q:	How do you shoot a pink elephant?
A:	Twist its trunk until it turns blue, then shoot it with
	a blue-elephant gun.


LITTLE DEATH: (la petite mort) Some women do indeed pass right out, the
'little death' of French poetry.  Men occasionally do the same.  The
experience is not unpleasant, but it can scare an inexperienced partner
cold.  A friend of ours had this happen with the first girl he ever slept
with.  On recovery she explained, "I am awfully sorry, but I always do that."
By then he had called the police and an ambulance.  So there is no cause
for alarm, any more than over the yells, convulsions, hysterical laughter,
or sobbing, or any of the other quite unexpected reactions that go along
with complete orgasm in some people.  By contrast others simply shut their
eyes, but enjoy it no less.  Sound and fury can be a flattering testimony
to a partners skills, but a fallacious one, because they don't depend on the
intensity of feeling, nor it upon them.
		-- The Joy of Sex


Beauty is one of the rare things which does not lead to doubt of God.
		-- Jean Anouilh


Anything that is worth doing has been done frequently.  Things hitherto
undone should be given, I suspect, a wide berth.
		-- Max Beerbohm, "Mainly on the Air"


Under a government which imprisons any unjustly, the true place for a
just man is also in prison.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


Half the posts to this group are about masturbation and the other half
are about penis size.  And what I want to know is, if all you're doing
is jerking off, why do you care how big it is?
		-- From alt.sex


Richard Nixon was the most dishonest individual I have ever met in my life.
He lied to his wife, his family, his friends, his colleagues in the Congress,
lifetime members of his own political party, the American people, and the
world.
		-- Barry Goldwater


It may be bad manners to talk with your mouth full, but it isn't too
good either if you speak when your head is empty.


You should, without hesitation, pound your typewriter into a
plowshare, your paper into fertilizer, and enter agriculture.
		-- Business Professor, University of Georgia


I want to be the white man's brother, not his brother-in-law.
		-- Martin Luther King, Jr.


Age and treachery will always overcome youth and skill.


Without fools there would be no wisdom.


If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.
		-- Woody Allen


If fifty million people say a foolish thing, it's still a foolish thing.
		-- Bertrand Russell


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Woman:

 1. You can enjoy a beer all month.
 2. Beer stains wash out.
 3. Beer doesn't go crazy once a month.
 4. Beer never makes you wait.
 5. A beer doesn't get jealous when you grab another beer.
 6. Beer doesn't have a lawyer "in the family".
 7. A beer won't get upset if you come home with beer on your breath.
 8. Beer doesn't demand equality.
 9. Beer labels come off without a fight.
10. Beer doesn't mind being in the "wet spot" that IT left.


The only difference between a car salesman and a computer salesman is
that the car salesman knows he's lying.


If you want to put yourself on the map, publish your own map.


To do two things at once is to do neither.
		-- Publilius Syrus


Don't despise your poor relations, they may become suddenly rich one day.
		-- Josh Billings


Love to eat them mousies,
Mousies I love to eat.
Bite they little heads off,
Nibble at they tiny feet.
		-- Kliban


We have seen the light at the end of the tunnel, and it's out.


I think the sky is blue because it's a shift from black through purple
to blue, and it has to do with where the light is.  You know, the
farther we get into darkness, and there's a shifting of color of light
into the blueness, and I think as you go farther and farther away from
the reflected light we have from the sun or the light that's bouncing
off this earth, uh, the darker it gets ... I think if you look at the
color scale, you start at black, move it through purple, move it on
out, it's the shifting of color.  We mentioned before about the stars
singing, and that's one of the effects of the shifting of colors.
		-- Pat Robertson, The 700 Club


Poland has gun control.


In Tennessee, it is illegal to shoot any game other than whales from a
moving automobile.


	Carol's head ached as she trailed behind the unsmiling Calibrees
along the block of booths.  She chirruped at Kennicott, "Let's be wild!
Let's ride on the merry-go-round and grab a gold ring!"
	Kennicott considered it, and mumbled to Calibree, "Think you folks
would like to stop and try a ride on the merry-go-round?"
	Calibree considered it, and mumbled to his wife, "Think you'd like
to stop and try a ride on the merry-go-round?"
	Mrs. Calibree smiled in a washed-out manner, and sighed, "Oh no,
I don't believe I care to much, but you folks go ahead and try it."
	Calibree stated to Kennicott, "No, I don't believe we care to a
whole lot, but you folks go ahead and try it."
	Kennicott summarized the whole case against wildness: "Let's try
it some other time, Carrie."
	She gave it up.
		-- Sinclair Lewis, "Main Street"


Do you think that illiterate people get the full effect of alphabet soup?


Dow's Law:
	In a hierarchical organization,
	the higher the level, the greater the confusion.


Sex: the thing that takes up the least amount of time and causes the
most amount of trouble.
		-- John Barrymore


