	"You are *so* lovely."
	"Yes."
	"Yes!  And you take a compliment, too!  I like that in a goddess."


Genuine happiness is when a wife sees a double chin on her husband's
old girl friend.


The two oldest professions in the world have been ruined by amateurs.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


If your mother knew what you're doing,
she'd probably hang her head and cry.


The lunatic, the lover, and the poet,
Are of imagination all compact...
		-- William Shakespeare, "A Midsummer Night's Dream"


God is big, so don't fuck with him.


Would you care to drift aimlessly in my direction?


Power, n.:
	The only narcotic regulated by the SEC instead of the FDA.


A bit of talcum
Is always walcum
		-- Ogden Nash


You buy a judge by weight, like iron in a junk yard.  A justice of the
peace or a magistrate can be had for a five-dollar bill.  In the
municipal courts, he will cost you ten.  In the circuit or superior
courts, he wants fifteen.  The state appellate courts or the state
supreme court is on a par with the Federal courts.  By the time a judge
reaches such courts, he is middle-aged, thick around the middle, fat
between the ears.  He's heavy.  You can't buy a Federal judge for less
than a twenty-dollar bill.
		-- Jake "Greasy Thumb" Guzik


No, "Eureka" is Greek for "This bath is too hot."
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


Lesbian QOTD:
I didn't give up sex, I just gave up premature ejaculation.


Instead of loving your enemies, treat your friends a little better.
		-- Edgar W. Howe


Hey baby!
	How 'bout a brutal face fuck?


Quidquid latine dictum sit, altum viditur.

(Whatever is said in Latin sounds profound.)


	When the lodge meeting broke up, Meyer confided to a friend.
"Abe, I'm in a terrible pickle!  I'm strapped for cash and I haven't
the slightest idea where I'm going to get it from!"
	"I'm glad to hear that," answered Abe.  "I was afraid you
might have some idea that you could borrow from me!"


QOTD:
	"He eats like a bird... five times his own weight each day."


If life isn't what you wanted, have you asked for anything else?


Be prepared to accept sacrifices.
Vestal virgins aren't all that bad.


I've found my niche.  If you're wondering why I'm not there, there was
this little hole in the bottom ...
		-- John Croll


An honest politician is one who when he is bought will stay bought.
		-- Simon Cameron

There are honest journalists like there are honest politicians.  When
bought they stay bought.
		-- Bill Moyers


So many men, so many opinions; every one his own way.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)


Programming Department:
	Mistakes made while you wait.


Subpoena, n.:
	From the root "sub", below, and the Latin "poena" for male
	organ or penis.  Therefore, "below the penis" or "by the balls."


It's later than you think.


Eleanor Rigby
Sits at the keyboard and waits for a line on the screen
Lives in a dream
Waits for a signal, finding some code that will
	make the machine do some more.
What is it for?

All the lonely users, where do they all come from?
All the lonely users, why does it take so long?

Hacker MacKensie
Writing the code for a program that no one will run
It's nearly done
Look at him working, fixing the bugs in the night when there's
	nobody there.
What does he care?

All the lonely users, where do they all come from?
All the lonely users, why does it take so long?
Ah, look at all the lonely users.
Ah, look at all the lonely users.


Pension, n.:
	A federally insured chain letter.


It is not enough to have great qualities,
we should also have the management of them.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


It's so confusing choosing sides in the heat of the moment,
	just to see if it's real,
Oooh, it's so erotic having you tell me how it should feel,
But I'm avoiding all the hard cold facts that I got to face,
So ask me just one question when this magic night is through,
Could it have been just anyone or did it have to be you?
		-- Billy Joel, "Glass Houses"


The Least Successful Collector
	Betsy Baker played a central role in the history of collecting.  She
was employed as a servant in the house of John Warburton (1682-1759) who had
amassed a fine collection of 58 first edition plays, including most of the
works of Shakespeare.
	One day Warburton returned home to find 55 of them charred beyond
legibility.  Betsy had either burned them or used them as pie bottoms.  The
remaining three folios are now in the British Museum.
	The only comparable literary figure was the maid who in 1835 burned
the manuscript of the first volume of Thomas Carlyle's "The History of the
French Revolution", thinking it was wastepaper.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Kerr's Three Rules for a Successful College:
	Have plenty of football for the alumni, sex
	for the students, and parking for the faculty.


The five rules of Socialism:

	1. Don't think.
	2. If you do think, don't speak.
	3. If you think and speak, don't write.
	4. If you think, speak and write, don't sign.
	5. If you think, speak, write and sign, don't be surprised.

		-- being told in Poland, 1987


Law of Communications:
	The inevitable result of improved and enlarged communications
	between different levels in a hierarchy is a vastly increased
	area of misunderstanding.


Well, didja wake up grouchy or did you let her sleep?


Round Numbers are always false.
		-- Samuel Johnson


I used to be disgusted, now I find I'm just amused.
		-- Elvis Costello


Design, v.:
	What you regret not doing later on.


Die, v.:
	To stop sinning suddenly.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


With a rubber duck, one's never alone.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Moustache rides, 50 cents.


The herd instinct among economists
makes sheep look like independent thinkers.


Mind your own business, then you don't mind mine.


It is a profitable thing, if one is wise, to seem foolish.
		-- Aeschylus


The temperature of Heaven can be rather accurately computed from available
data.  Our authority is Isaiah 30:26, "Moreover, the light of the Moon
shall be as the light of the Sun and the light of the Sun shall be sevenfold,
as the light of seven days."  Thus Heaven receives from the Moon as much
radiation as we do from the Sun, and in addition seven times seven (49) times
as much as the Earth does from the Sun, or fifty times in all.  The light we
receive from the Moon is one ten-thousandth of the light we receive from the
Sun, so we can ignore that.  With these data we can compute the temperature
of Heaven.  The radiation falling on Heaven will heat it to the point where
the heat lost by radiation is just equal to the heat received by radiation,
i.e., Heaven loses fifty times as much heat as the Earth by radiation.  Using
the Stefan-Boltzmann law for radiation, (H/E)^4 = 50, where E is the absolute
temperature of the earth (~300K), gives H as 798K (525C).  The exact
temperature of Hell cannot be computed, but it must be less than 444.6C, the
temperature at which brimstone or sulphur changes from a liquid to a gas.
Revelations 21:8 says "But the fearful, and unbelieving ... shall have their
part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone."  A lake of molten
brimstone means that its temperature must be at or below the boiling point,
or 444.6C  (Above this point it would be a vapor, not a lake.)  We have,
then, that Heaven, at 525C is hotter than Hell at 445C.
		-- "Applied Optics", vol. 11, A14, 1972


Artificial intelligence has the same relation to intelligence as
artificial flowers have to flowers.
		-- David Parnas


Don't just eat a hamburger; eat the HELL out of it.
		-- J. R. "Bob" Dobbs


Did you hear about...
	the plastic surgeon who hung himself?


One day,
A mad meta-poet,
With nothing to say,
Wrote a mad meta-poem
That started: "One day,
A mad meta-poet,
With nothing to say,
Wrote a mad meta-poem
That started: "One day,
[...]
sort of close".
Were the words that the poet,
Finally chose,
To bring his mad poem,
To some sort of close".
Were the words that the poet,
Finally chose,
To bring his mad poem,
To some sort of close".


If food be the music of love, eat up, eat up.


You have all eternity to be cautious in when you're dead.
		-- Lois Platford


If this is timesharing, give me my share right now.
It's not time yet.


Toni's Solution to a Guilt-Free Life:
	If you have to lie to someone, it's their fault.


Handsome woman. -- Lovely bust.
Fine young fellow. -- Stirred-up lust. --
	Babies' diapers. --
	Bottom wipers. --
Years of struggle. -- Coffin. -- Dust.


You can't have everything.  Where would you put it?
		-- Steven Wright


Love is the answer; but while you are waiting for the answer, sex
raises some pretty good questions.
		-- Woody Allen


The seven deadly sins ... Food, clothing, firing, rent, taxes,
respectability and children.  Nothing can lift those seven millstones
from Man's neck but money; and the spirit cannot soar until the
millstones are lifted.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Will your long-winded speeches never end?
What ails you that you keep on arguing?
		-- Job 16:3


Love is eating her even when she's not having her period.


If you could only get that wonderful feeling of
accomplishment without having to accomplish anything.


I'd walk a mile for a Camel, two for a hump.


I had to censor everything my sons watched ... even on the Mary Tyler
Moore show I heard the word "damn!"
		-- Mary Lou Bax


I gave my love an Apple, that had no core;
I gave my love a building, that had no floor;
I wrote my love a program, that had no end;
I gave my love an upgrade, with no cryin'.

How can there be an Apple, that has no core?
How can there be a building, that has no floor?
How can there be a program, that has no end?
How can there be an upgrade, with no cryin'?

An Apple's MOS memory don't use no core!
A building that's perfect, it has no flaw!
A program with GOTOs, it has no end!
I lied about the upgrade, with no cryin'!


Ashes to ashes, dust to dust,
If God won't have you, the devil must.


If sex is such a natural phenomenon, how come there are so many
books on how to?
		-- Bette Midler


Better by far you should forget and
smile than that you should remember and be sad.
		-- Christina Rossetti


Probable-Possible, my black hen,
She lays eggs in the Relative When.
She doesn't lay eggs in the Positive Now
Because she's unable to postulate How.
		-- Frederick Winsor


	When managers hold endless meetings, the programmers write games.
When accountants talk of quarterly profits, the development budget is about
to be cut.  When senior scientists talk blue sky, the clouds are about to
roll in.
	Truly, this is not the Tao of Programming.
	When managers make commitments, game programs are ignored.  When
accountants make long-range plans, harmony and order are about to be restored.
When senior scientists address the problems at hand, the problems will soon
be solved.
	Truly, this is the Tao of Programming.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


When a Banker jumps out of a window,
jump after him -- that's where the money is.
		-- Robespierre


Life without caffeine is stimulating enough.
		-- Sanka Ad


Secrets to a happy marriage
	1. It is important to find a woman that cooks and cleans.
	2. It is important to find a woman that makes good money.
	3. It is important to find a woman that likes to have sex.
	4. It is important that these three women never meet your wife.


A hand in the bush is worth two on the bird.


One girl can be pretty -- but a dozen are only a chorus.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald, "The Last Tycoon"


Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	Good children always obey.
	Quit acting so childish.
	Boys don't cry.
	If you keep making faces, someday it'll freeze that way.
	Why do you have to know so much?
	This hurts me more than it hurts you.
	Why?  Because I'm bigger than you.
	Well, you've ruined everything.  Now are you happy?
	Oh, grow up.
	I'm only doing this because I love you.


When a Banker jumps out of a window,
jump after him -- that's where the money is.
		-- Robespierre


Sure, and of course I would vote for a woman for president!
Quite naturally, we wouldn't have to pay her so much.


The road to hell is paved with NAND gates.
		-- J. Gooding


Thinks't thou existence doth depend on time?
It doth; but actions are our epochs; mine
Have made my days and nights imperishable,
Endless, and all alike, as sands on the shore,
Innumerable atoms; and one desert,
Barren and cold, on which the wild waves break,
But nothing rests, save carcasses and wrecks,
Rocks, and the salt-surf weeds of bitterness.


What is irritating about love is that it is a crime that requires
an accomplice.
		-- Charles Baudelaire


You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.


We call our dog Egypt, because in every room he leaves a pyramid.


The idle mind knows not what it is it wants.
		-- Quintus Ennius


God wants us to know that if we see a bumper sticker saying "Honk if you love
Jesus" it is a bad idea to honk to express an opinion about Jesus because it
will annoy the turkey who put the bumper sticker on as well as everyone else
in the vicinity.  However, it is just fine to honk to annoy the turkey simply
for being a turkey, for God told Man to be fruitful and multiply, and to rule
over the beasts of the field and the birds of the air, and that includes the
turkeys who buy such bumper stickers.  Of course, God understands that innocent
bystanders will also be annoyed, but He has wisely created traffic cops to
impose some constraint on how much we may annoy the turkeys within city limits,
for God's wisdom comprehends full well that thou shalt not make an omelette
without breaking eggs.  God only wishes they were turkey eggs, so such moral
dilemmas shall be fewer in number in the future, when the generations a-coming
(hallelujah) won't have so many turkeys to deal with.  But God knows full well
that such things take time, and the turkeys are showing more resilience than
expected, and may be with us for a long time yet.


Transvestite, n.:
	Someone who likes to eat, drink, and be Mary.


I'd rather laugh with the sinners,
Than cry with the saints,
The sinners are much more fun!
		-- Billy Joel, "Only The Good Die Young"


Q:	What's the difference between hard and dark?
A:	It stays dark all night.


Message will arrive in the mail.
Destroy, before the FBI sees it.


Q:	Do you think the idea of "one tool doing one job" has been
	abandoned? ...
A:	Those days are dead and gone and the eulogy was delivered by
	Perl.
		-- Rob Pike


Distributed Systems people do it loosely coupled.


Civilization is the limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities.
		-- Mark Twain


One is not superior merely because one sees the world as odious.
		-- Chateaubriand (1768-1848)


In buying horses and taking a wife
shut your eyes tight and commend yourself to God.


Go placidly amid the noise and waste, and remember what value there may
be in owning a piece thereof.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


Sattinger's Law:
	It works better if you plug it in.


	"The pyramid is opening!"
	"Which one?"
	"The one with the ever-widening hole in it!"
		-- The Firesign Theatre,
		   "How Can You Be In Two Places At
		   Once When You're Not Anywhere At All"


The one L lama, he's a priest
The two L llama, he's a beast
And I will bet my silk pyjama
There isn't any three L lllama.
		-- Ogden Nash, to which a fire chief replied that occasionally
		his department responded to something like a "three L lllama."


The bedsprings next door jounce and creak:
They have kept me awake for a week.
	Why do newlyweds
	Select squeaky beds
To develop their fucking technique?


This system will self-destruct in five minutes.


Q:	How can you tell when a Burroughs salesman is lying?
A:	When his lips move.


Real computer scientists admire ADA for its overwhelming aesthetic
value but they find it difficult to actually program in it, as it is
much too large to implement.  Most computer scientists don't notice
this because they are still arguing over what else to add to ADA.


When I heated my home with oil, I used an average of 800 gallons a
year.  I have found that I can keep comfortably warm for an entire
winter with slightly over half that quantity of beer.
		-- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"


Even a hawk is an eagle among crows.


We have met the enemy, and he is us.
		-- Walt Kelly


If a putt passes over the hole without dropping, it is deemed to have dropped.
The law of gravity holds that any object attempting to maintain a position
in the atmosphere without something to support it must drop.  The law of
gravity supersedes the law of golf.
		-- Donald A. Metz


QOTD:
	"You might as well say "yes", the sheets are messy already."


Grabel's Law:
	2 is not equal to 3 -- not even for large values of 2.


panic: kernel segmentation violation. core dumped		(only kidding)


There is Good Information and there is Bad Information and the
Internet is generally pretty neutral about the difference. If you're
a computer, it's all just 0s and 1s.
		-- Joel Achenbach


The Linimon's Rule About PRs: The More You Close, The More Will Come


Someone whom you reject today, will reject you tomorrow.


If you understand what you're doing, you're not learning anything.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Mind!  I don't mean to say that I know, of my own knowledge, what there is
particularly dead about a door-nail.  I might have been inclined, myself,
to regard a coffin-nail as the deadest piece of ironmongery in the trade.
But the wisdom of our ancestors is in the simile; and my unhallowed hands
shall not disturb it, or the Country's done for.  You will therefore permit
me to repeat, emphatically, that Marley was as dead as a door-nail.


We have gone on piling weapon upon weapon, missile upon missile, new
levels of destructiveness upon old ones.  We have done this helplessly,
almost involuntarily: like the victims of some sort of hypnotism, like
men in a dream, like lemmings heading for the sea, like the children of
Hamelin marching blindly along behind their Pied Piper.  And the result
is that today we have achieved, we and the Russians together, in the
creation of these devices and their means of delivery, levels of
redundancy of such grotesque dimensions as to defy rational understanding.
		-- George Kennan, May 19, 1981


Iowa State -- the high school after high school!
		-- Crow T. Robot


A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any other invention,
with the possible exceptions of handguns and Tequila.
		-- Mitch Ratcliffe


Un moine au milieu de la messe		A monk in the middle of mass
S'eleva et cria en detresse;		Stood up and cried out in distress;
	"La vie religieuse,			"The religious life
	C'est sale et affreuse,"		Is dirty and horrid,"
Et se poignarda dans les fesses.	And stabbed himself in the ass.
		-- Edward Gorey


Drugs may be the road to nowhere, but at least they're the scenic route!


A man arrived home early to find his wife in the arms of his best friend,
who swore how much they were in love.  To quiet the enraged husband, the
lover suggested, "Friends shouldn't fight, let's play gin rummy.  If I win,
you get a divorce so I can marry her.  If you win, I promise never to see
her again.  Okay?"
	"Alright," agreed the husband.  "But how about a quarter a point
on the side to make it interesting?"


A lack of leadership is no substitute for inaction.


"You can't expect a mother to be with a small child all the time",
Margaret Mead once remarked, with her usual good sense, but in 1978
she shocked feminists by snapping that women don't really have
children to put them in day care twelve hours a day, either.
		-- Caroline Bird, "The Two Paycheck Marriage"


If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and
over again, there is no use in reading it at all.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Chemist who falls in acid is absorbed in work.


A wise man can see more from a mountain top
than a fool can from the bottom of a well.


A nasty looking dwarf throws a knife at you.


The difference between us is not very far,
cruising for burgers in daddy's new car.


The universe is like a safe to which there is a combination -- but the
combination is locked up in the safe.
		-- Peter de Vries

Corollary: The combination is not a problem since we are locked in the
same safe.


Oh this age!  How tasteless and ill-bred it is.
		-- Gaius Valerius Catullus


The University of California Bears announced the signing of Reggie
Philbin to a letter of intent to attend Cal next Fall.  Philbin is
said to make up for no talent by cheating well.  Says Philbin of
his decision to attend Cal, "I'm in it for the free ride."


	One night when his charge was pretty high, Micro-Farad decided to
seek out a cute little coil to let him discharge.  He picked up Milli-Amp
and took her for a ride on his Megacycle.  They rode across the Wheatstone
bridge, around the sine waves, and stopped in the magnetic field by the
flowing current.  Micro-Farad, attracted by Milli-Amp's characteristic curves,
soon had her fully charged and excited, her resistance to a minimum.  He laid
her on the ground potential, raised her frequency, and lowered her reluctance.
He pulled out his high voltage probe and inserted it into her socket,
connecting them in parallel and began short circuiting her resistance shunt.
Fully excited, Milli-Amp mumbled:  "OHM-OHM-OHM."
	With his tube operating at a maximum and her field vibrating with
his current flow, it caused her shunt to overheat, and Micro-Farad was rapidly
discharged and drained of every electron.  They Fluxed all night trying
various connections and sockets until his magnet had a soft core and lost
all of its field strength.
	Afterwards, Milli-Amp tried self-induction and damaged her solenoids.
With his battery fully discharged, Micro-Farad was unable to excite his field,
so they spent the night reversing polarity and blowing each others fuses.
		-- Eddie Currents, "The Sex Life of an Electron"


	In a forest a fox bumps into a little rabbit, and says, "Hi,
Junior, what are you up to?"
	"I'm writing a dissertation on how rabbits eat foxes," said the
rabbit.
	"Come now, friend rabbit, you know that's impossible!  No one
will publish such rubbish!"
	"Well, follow me and I'll show you."
	They both go into the rabbit's dwelling and after a while the
rabbit emerges with a satisfied expression on his face.  Comes along a
wolf.  "Hello, little buddy, what are we doing these days?"
	"I'm writing the 2'nd chapter of my thesis, on how rabbits devour
wolves."
	"Are you crazy?  Where's your academic honesty?"
	"Come with me and I'll show you."
	As before, the rabbit comes out with a satisfied look on his face
and a diploma in his paw.  Finally, the camera pans into the rabbit's cave
and, as everybody should have guessed by now, we see a mean-looking, huge
lion, sitting, picking his teeth and belching, next to some furry, bloody
remnants of the wolf and the fox.

	The moral: It's not the contents of your thesis that are
important -- it's your PhD advisor that really counts.


Q:	Why did the tachyon cross the road?
A:	Because it was on the other side.


He who wonders discovers that this in itself is wonder.
		-- M. C. Escher


Around computers it is difficult to find the correct unit of time to
measure progress.  Some cathedrals took a century to complete.  Can you
imagine the grandeur and scope of a program that would take as long?
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


Receiving a million dollars tax free will make you feel better than
being flat broke and having a stomach ache.
		-- Dolph Sharp, "I'm O.K., You're Not So Hot"


Paranoia is simply an optimistic outlook on life.


I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas.
I'm frightened of the old ones.
		-- John Cage


I always wake up at the crack of ice.
		-- Joe E. Lewis


A good memory does not equal pale ink.


Schwiggle, n.:
	The amusing rotation of one's bottom while sharpening a
	pencil.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


That all men should be brothers is the dream of people who have no brothers.
		-- Charles Chincholles, "Pensees de tout le monde"


Virgin, n.:
	An ugly third grader.


Not to laugh, not to lament, not to curse, but to understand.
		-- Spinoza


Your lover will never wish to leave you.


We don't know who discovered water, but we're certain it wasn't a fish.


Many a bum show has been saved by the flag.
		-- George M. Cohan


-- All articles that coruscate with resplendence are not truly auriferous.
-- When there are visible vapors having the prevenience in ignited
	carbonaceous materials, there is conflagration.
-- Sorting on the part of mendicants must be interdicted.
-- A plethora of individuals wither expertise in culinary techniques vitiated
	the potable concoction produced by steeping certain coupestibles.
-- Eleemosynary deeds have their initial incidence intramurally.


Anxiety, n.:
	The first time you can't do it a second time.

Panic, n.:
	The second time you can't do it the first time.


Diaphragm, n.:
	A childproof cap.


There are so many people wanting a piece of my ass that some of them
are having to take turns.
		-- T.K.


Love to eat them mousies,
Mousies I love to eat.
Bite they little heads off,
Nibble at they tiny feet.
		-- Kliban


IT IS IN PROCESS:
	So wrapped up in red tape that the situation is almost hopeless.


My idea of a wild party is where you throw the girls' panties at the wall
and they stick.
		-- Johnny Bob


Welcome to boggle - do you want instructions?

D    G    G    O

O    Y    A    N

A    D    B    T

K    I    S    P
Enter words:
>


The aim of science is to seek the simplest explanations of complex
facts.  Seek simplicity and distrust it.
		-- Whitehead


LIGHTHOUSE:
	A tall building on the seashore in which the government
	maintains a lamp and the friend of a politician.


Kiss a non-smoker; taste the difference.


	Several students were asked to prove that all odd integers are prime.
	The first student to try to do this was a math student.  "Hmmm...
Well, 1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, and by induction, we have that all
the odd integers are prime."
	The second student to try was a man of physics who commented, "I'm not
sure of the validity of your proof, but I think I'll try to prove it by
experiment."  He continues, "Well, 1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, 7 is
prime, 9 is...  uh, 9 is... uh, 9 is an experimental error, 11 is prime, 13
is prime...  Well, it seems that you're right."
	The third student to try it was the engineering student, who responded,
"Well, to be honest, actually, I'm not sure of your answer either.  Let's
see...  1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, 7 is prime, 9 is... uh, 9 is...
well, if you approximate, 9 is prime, 11 is prime, 13 is prime...  Well, it
does seem right."
	Not to be outdone, the computer science student comes along and says
"Well, you two sort've got the right idea, but you'll end up taking too long!
I've just whipped up a program to REALLY go and prove it."  He goes over to
his terminal and runs his program.  Reading the output on the screen he says,
"1 is prime, 1 is prime, 1 is prime, 1 is prime..."


The world is coming to an end...  SAVE YOUR BUFFERS!!


The life which is unexamined is not worth living.
		-- Plato


Don't kiss an elephant on the lips today.


I am not now, nor have I ever been, a member of the demigodic party.
		-- Dennis M. Ritchie


I finally went to the eye doctor.  I got contacts.
I only need them to read, so I got flip-ups.
		-- Steven Wright


Tonight's the night:  Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.


If you're constantly being mistreated,
you're cooperating with the treatment.


All great discoveries are made by mistake.
		-- Young


Ignore previous fortune.


Nuclear war can ruin your whole compile.
		-- Karl Lehenbauer


Ban the bomb.  Save the world for conventional warfare.


The difference between sentiment and being sentimental is the following:
Sentiment is when a driver swerves out of the way to avoid hitting a
rabbit on the road.  Being sentimental is when the same driver, when
swerving away from the rabbit hits a pedestrian.
		-- Frank Herbert, "The White Plague"


Vermouth always makes me brilliant unless it makes me idiotic.
		-- E. F. Benson


Furious activity is no substitute for understanding.
		-- H. H. Williams


	"Welcome back for you 13th consecutive week, Evelyn.  Evelyn, will
you go into the auto-suggestion booth and take your regular place on the
psycho-prompter couch?"
	"Thank you, Red."
	"Now, Evelyn, last week you went up to $40,000 by properly citing
your rivalry with your sibling as a compulsive sado-masochistic behavior
pattern which developed out of an early post-natal feeding problem."
	"Yes, Red."
	"But -- later, when asked about pre-adolescent oedipal phantasy
repressions, you rationalized twice and mental blocked three times.  Now,
at $300 per rationalization and $500 per mental block you lost $2,100 off
your $40,000 leaving you with a total of $37,900.  Now, any combination of
two more mental blocks and either one rationalization or three defensive
projections will put you out of the game.  Are you willing to go ahead?"
	"Yes, Red."
	"I might say here that all of Evelyn's questions and answers have
been checked for accuracy with her analyst.  Now, Evelyn, for $80,000
explain the failure of your three marriages."
	"Well, I--"
	"We'll get back to Evelyn in one minute.  First a word about our
product."
		-- Jules Feiffer


We're mortal -- which is to say, we're ignorant, stupid, and sinful --
but those are only handicaps.  Our pride is that nevertheless, now and
then, we do our best.  A few times we succeed.  What more dare we ask for?
		-- Ensign Flandry


All snakes who wish to remain in Ireland will please raise their right hands.
		-- Saint Patrick


Q:	What happens when four WASPs find themselves in the same room?
A:	A dinner party.


Without coffee he could not work, or at least he could not have worked in the
way he did.  In addition to paper and pens, he took with him everywhere as an
indispensable article of equipment the coffee machine, which was no less
important to him than his table or his white robe.
		-- Stefan Zweigs, Biography of Balzac


This fortune was brought to you by the people at Hewlett-Packard.


better !pout !cry
better watchout
lpr why
santa claus <north pole >town

cat /etc/passwd >list
ncheck list
ncheck list
cat list | grep naughty >nogiftlist
cat list | grep nice >giftlist
santa claus <north pole >town

who | grep sleeping
who | grep awake
who | egrep 'bad|good'
for (goodness sake) {
	be good
}


