Now that you've read Fortune's diet truths, you'll be prepared the next time
some housewife or boutique owner turned diet expert appears on TV to plug
her latest book.  And, if you still feel a twinge of guilt for eating coffee
cake while listening to her exhortations, ask yourself the following questions:

1: Do I dare trust a person who actually considers alfalfa sprouts a food?
2: Was the author's sole motive in writing this book to get rich
	exploiting the forlorn hopes of chubby people like me?
3: Would a longer life be worthwhile if it had to be lived as prescribed...
	without French-fried onion rings, pizza with double cheese, or the
	occasional Mai-Tai?  (Remember, living right doesn't really make
	you live longer, it just *seems* like longer.)

That, and another piece of coffee cake, should do the trick.


Smile, Cthulhu Loathes You.


Cum Hilde autem ambulabat
Homo qui aedificabat.
	Dixit volebat.  Debet et potebat.
	Sic ille ducebat.  Statim faciebat.
Sed virginem pine necebat.


I knew Leo G. Carrol
Was over a barrel
When Tarantula took to the hills.	["Lick it!"]
And I really got hot
When I saw Jeanette Scott
Fight a triffid that spits poison and kills.

Science fiction, double feature
Doctor X will build a creature.
See androids fighting Brad and Janet
Anne Francis stars in Forbidden Planet
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh
At the late night, double feature, picture show.
		-- The Rocky Horror Picture Show


Most people deserve each other.
		-- Shirley


Oh this age!  How tasteless and ill-bred it is.
		-- Gaius Valerius Catullus


QOTD:
	"It's a dog-eat-dog world, and I'm wearing Milk Bone underwear."


You may carve it on his tombstone, you may cut it on his card
That a young man married is a young man marred.
		-- Rudyard Kipling, "The Story of the Gadsbys"


Rascal, am I?  Take THAT!
		-- Errol Flynn


	It seems there were two young Marines walking down the street, and
they chanced upon a lady who was both very proper and very well endowed.
One of them said, "Wow! What tits!  Hey lady, would I love to snuggle up with
them for awhile.  What are you doing this afternoon?"
	Well, the other Marine thought that was just about the most shameful
thing he had ever witnessed, and felt that he had to restore the honor of the
Corps.  "Pardon my friend, Ma'am," he apologized, "He's not been very well
brought up and don't know how to talk to cunt."


	Four Oxford dons were taking their evening walk together and as
usual, were engaged in casual but learned conversation.  On this particular
evening, their conversation was about the names given to groups of animals,
such as a "pride of lions" or a "gaggle of geese."
	One of the professors noticed a group of prostitutes down the block,
and posed the question, "What name would be given to that group?"  The four
fell into silence for a moment, as they pondered the possibilities...
	At last, one spoke: "How about 'a Jam of Tarts'?"  The others nodded
in acknowledgment as they continued to consider the problem.  A second
professor spoke: "I'd suggest 'an Essay of Trollops.'"  Again, the others
nodded.  A third spoke: "I propose 'a Flourish of Strumpets.'"
	They continued their walk in silence, until the first professor
remarked to the remaining professor, who was the most senior and learned of
the four, "You haven't suggested a name for our ladies.  What are your
thoughts?"
	Replied the fourth professor, "'An Anthology of Prose.'"


Love is in the offing.  Be affectionate to one who adores you.


The human mind ordinarily operates at only ten percent of
its capacity -- the rest is overhead for the operating system.


I'm so miserable without you, it's almost like you're here.


I'm a Lisp variable -- bind me!


AQUARIUS (Jan.20 - Feb.18)
	You are the type of person who never has enough money to do what
	you want.  Don't expect things to get any better today, either.
	As a matter of fact they might get worse.  Intensify your
	relationship with your bank and any friends you have who might be
	able to lend you a few bucks.


Willie in the cauldron fell;		Willie saw some dynamite,
See the grief on mother's brow;		Couldn't understand it quite;
Mother loved her darling well --	Curiosity never pays:
Willie's quite hard-boiled by now.	It rained Willie seven days.

Little Willie with a shout,		William in a nice new sash,
Gouged the baby's eyeballs out;		Fell in the fire and burned to an ash.
Stamped on them to make them pop.	Now, although the room grows chilly,
Mother cried, "Now, William, stop!"	I haven't the heart to poke poor Billy.

William with a thirst for gore,		Little Willie mean as hell,
Nailed the baby to the door.		Threw his sister in the well!
Mother said, with humor quaint:		Said his mother when drawing water,
"Careful, Will, don't mar the paint."	"sure is hard to raise a daughter."
		-- Harry Graham, "Ruthless Rhymes for Heartless Homes", 1899


		(to "The Caissons Go Rolling Along")
Scratch the disks, dump the core,	Shut it down, pull the plug
Roll the tapes across the floor,	Give the core an extra tug
And the system is going to crash.	And the system is going to crash.
Teletypes smashed to bits.		Mem'ry cards, one and all,
Give the scopes some nasty hits		Toss out halfway down the hall
And the system is going to crash.	And the system is going to crash.
And we've also found			Just flip one switch
When you turn the power down,		And the lights will cease to twitch
You turn the disk readers into trash.	And the tape drives will crumble
						in a flash.
Oh, it's so much fun,			When the CPU
Now the CPU won't run			Can print nothing out but "foo,"
And the system is going to crash.	The system is going to crash.


I've had one child.  My husband wants to have another.  I'd like to
watch him have another.
		-- Rita Rudner


			Pittsburgh driver's test
3: When stopped at an intersection you should
	a) watch the traffic light for your lane.
	b) watch for pedestrians crossing the street.
	c) blow the horn.
	d) watch the traffic light for the intersecting street.
The correct answer is d.
You need to start as soon as the traffic light for the intersecting
street turns yellow.
Answer c is worth a half point.


His life was formal; his actions seemed ruled with a ruler.


methionylglutaminylarginyltyrosylglutamylserylleucylphenylalanylalanylglutamin-
ylleucyllysylglutamylarginyllysylglutamylglycylalanylphenylalanylvalylprolyl-
phenylalanylvalylthreonylleucylglycylaspartylprolylglycylisoleucylglutamylglu-
taminylserylleucyllysylisoleucylaspartylthreonylleucylisoleucylglutamylalanyl-
glycylalanylaspartylalanylleucylglutamylleucylglycylisoleucylprolylphenylala-
nylserylaspartylprolylleucylalanylaspartylglycylprolylthreonylisoleucylgluta-
minylasparaginylalanylthreonylleucylarginylalanylphenylalanylalanylalanylgly-
cylvalylthreonylprolylalanylglutaminylcysteinylphenylalanylglutamylmethionyl-
leucylalanylleucylisoleucylarginylglutaminyllysylhistidylprolylthreonylisoleu-
cylprolylisoleucylglycylleucylleucylmethionyltyrosylalanylasparaginylleucylva-
lylphenylalanylasparaginyllysylglycylisoleucylaspartylglutamylphenylalanyltyro-
sylalanylglutaminylcysteinylglutamyllysylvalylglycylvalylaspartylserylvalylleu-
cylvalylalanylaspartylvalylprolylvalylglutaminylglutamylserylalanylprolylphe-
nylalanylarginylglutaminylalanylalanylleucylarginylhistidylasparaginylvalylala-
nylprolylisoleucylphenylalanylisoleucylcysteinylprolylprolylaspartylalanylas-
partylaspartylaspartylleucylleucylarginylglutaminylisoleucylalanylseryltyrosyl-
glycylarginylglycyltyrosylthreonyltyrosylleucylleucylserylarginylalanylglycyl-
valylthreonylglycylalanylglutamylasparaginylarginylalanylalanylleucylprolylleu-
cylasparaginylhistidylleucylvalylalanyllysylleucyllysylglutamyltyrosylasparagi-
nylalanylalanylprolylprolylleucylglutaminylglycylphenylalanylglycylisoleucylse-
rylalanylprolylaspartylglutaminylvalyllysylalanylalanylisoleucylaspartylalanyl-
glycylalanylalanylglycylalanylisoleucylserylglycylserylalanylisoleucylvalylly-
sylisoleucylisoleucylglutamylglutaminylhistidylasparaginylisoleucylglutamylpro-
lylglutamyllysylmethionylleucylalanylalanylleucyllysylvalylphenylalanylvalyl-
glutaminylprolylmethionyllysylalanylalanylthreonylarginylserine, n.:
	The chemical name for tryptophan synthetase A protein, a
	1,913-letter enzyme with 267 amino acids.
		-- Mrs. Byrne's Dictionary of Unusual, Obscure, and
		   Preposterous Words


Some people pray for more than they are willing to work for.


One day the King decided that he would force all his subjects to tell the
truth.  A gallows was erected in front of the city gates.  A herald announced,
"Whoever would enter the city must first answer the truth to a question
which will be put to him."  Nasrudin was first in line.  The captain of the
guard asked him, "Where are you going?  Tell the truth -- the alternative
is death by hanging."
	"I am going," said Nasrudin, "to be hanged on that gallows."
	"I don't believe you."
	"Very well, if I have told a lie, then hang me!"
	"But that would make it the truth!"
	"Exactly," said Nasrudin, "your truth."


To add insult to injury.
		-- Phaedrus


Runners do it alone.


When I first arrived in this country I had only fifteen cents in my pocket
and a willingness to compromise.
		-- Weber cartoon caption


It has been said that Public Relations is the art of winning friends
and getting people under the influence.
		-- Jeremy Tunstall


You will be awarded a medal for disregarding safety in saving someone.


When in doubt, use brute force.
		-- Ken Thompson


Death before dishonor.
But neither before breakfast.


Don't be irreplaceable, if you can't be replaced, you can't be promoted.


Ummm, well, OK.  The network's the network, the computer's the computer.
Sorry for the confusion.
		-- Sun Microsystems


Heavy, adj.:
	Seduced by the chocolate side of the force.


Hackers know all the right MOVs.


	A novice was trying to fix a broken lisp machine by turning the
power off and on.  Knight, seeing what the student was doing spoke sternly,
"You cannot fix a machine by just power-cycling it with no understanding
of what is going wrong."  Knight turned the machine off and on.  The
machine worked.


Negotiate my ass, let's kill something!


The meat is rotten, but the booze is holding out.
Computer translation of "The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak."


Go out and tell a lie that will make the whole family proud of you.
		-- Cadmus, to Pentheus, in "The Bacchae" by Euripides


	A man pleaded innocent of any wrong doing when caught by the police
during a raid at the home of a mobster, excusing himself by claiming that he
was making a bolt for the door.


Q:	How does a hacker fix a function which
	doesn't work for all of the elements in its domain?
A:	He changes the domain.


	There once was a man who went to a computer trade show.  Each day as
he entered, the man told the guard at the door:
	"I am a great thief, renowned for my feats of shoplifting.  Be
forewarned, for this trade show shall not escape unplundered."
	This speech disturbed the guard greatly, because there were millions
of dollars of computer equipment inside, so he watched the man carefully.
But the man merely wandered from booth to booth, humming quietly to himself.
	When the man left, the guard took him aside and searched his clothes,
but nothing was to be found.
	On the next day of the trade show, the man returned and chided the
guard saying: "I escaped with a vast booty yesterday, but today will be even
better."  So the guard watched him ever more closely, but to no avail.
	On the final day of the trade show, the guard could restrain his
curiosity no longer. "Sir Thief," he said, "I am so perplexed, I cannot live
in peace.  Please enlighten me.  What is it that you are stealing?"
	The man smiled.  "I am stealing ideas," he said.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


The wonderful thing about a dancing bear
is not how well he dances, but that he dances at all.


QOTD:
	"My ambition is to marry a rich woman who's too proud to let
	her husband work."


Men of lofty genius when they are doing the least work are most active.
		-- Leonardo da Vinci


There are never any bugs you haven't found yet.


No one gets sick on Wednesdays.


To spot the expert, pick the one who predicts
the job will take the longest and cost the most.


Those who have had no share in the good fortunes of the mighty
Often have a share in their misfortunes.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "The Caucasian Chalk Circle"


Unix is the worst operating system; except for all others.
		-- Berry Kercheval


To be or not to be, that is the bottom line.


Imagine what we can imagine!
		-- Arthur Rubinstein


From listening comes wisdom and from speaking repentance.


The wages of sin are high -- unless you know someone who does it for nothing.


When in doubt, use brute force.
		-- Ken Thompson


Clone, n.:
	1. An exact duplicate, as in "our product is a clone of their
	product."  2. A shoddy, spurious copy, as in "their product
	is a clone of our product."


I place economy among the first and most important virtues, and public debt as
the greatest of dangers to be feared.  To preserve our independence, we must
not let our rulers load us with perpetual debt.  If we run into such debts, we
must be taxed in our meat and drink, in our necessities and in our comforts,
in our labor and in our amusements.  If we can prevent the government from
wasting the labor of the people, under the pretense of caring for them, they
will be happy.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Hippogriff, n.:
	An animal (now extinct) which was half horse and half griffin.
	The griffin was itself a compound creature, half lion and half
	eagle.  The hippogriff was actually, therefore, only one quarter
	eagle, which is two dollars and fifty cents in gold.  The study
	of zoology is full of surprises.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


POLYGON:
	Dead parrot.


Double-blind Experiment, n.:
	An experiment in which the chief researcher believes he is
fooling both the subject and the lab assistant.  Often accompanied
by a strong belief in the tooth fairy.


Repartee is something we think of twenty-four hours too late.
		-- Mark Twain


	A MODERN FABLE

Aesop's fables and other traditional children's stories involve allegory
far too subtle for the youth of today.  Children need an updated message
with contemporary circumstance and plot line, and short enough to suit
today's minute attention span.

	The Troubled Aardvark

Once upon a time, there was an aardvark whose only pleasure in life was
driving from his suburban bungalow to his job at a large brokerage house
in his brand new 4x4.  He hated his manipulative boss, his conniving and
unethical co-workers, his greedy wife, and his sniveling, spoiled
children.  One day, the aardvark reflected on the meaning of his life and
his career and on the unchecked, catastrophic decline of his nation, its
pathetic excuse for leadership, and the complete ineffectiveness of any
personal effort he could make to change the status quo.  Overcome by a
wave of utter depression and self-doubt, he decided to take the only
course of action that would bring him greater comfort and happiness: he
drove to the mall and bought imported consumer electronics goods.

MORAL OF THE STORY:  Invest in foreign consumer electronics manufacturers.
		-- Tom Annau


Physicists do it with charm.


You can't cross a large chasm in two small jumps.


He who has but four and spends five has no need for a wallet.


Beware of computerized fortune-tellers!


We're constantly being bombarded by insulting and humiliating music, which
people are making for you the way they make those Wonder Bread products.
Just as food can be bad for your system, music can be bad for your spiritual
and emotional feelings.  It might taste good or clever, but in the long run,
it's not going to do anything for you.
		-- Bob Dylan, "LA Times", September 5, 1984


Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Once upon a girl there was a time...


	The General disliked trying to explain the highly technical
inner workings of the U.S. Air Force.
	"$7,662 for a ten cup coffee maker, General?" the Senator asked.
	In his head he ran through his standard explanations.  "It's not so,"
he thought.  "It's a deterrent."  Soon he came up with, "It's computerized,
Senator.  Tiny computer chips make coffee that's smooth and full-bodied.  Try
a cup."
	The Senator did.  "Pfffttt!  Tastes like jet fuel!"
	"It's not so," the General thought.  "It's a deterrent."
	Then he remembered something.  "We bought a lot of untested computer
chips," the General answered.  "They got into everything.  Just a little
mix-up.  Nothing serious."
	Then he remembered something else.  It was at the site of the
mysterious B-1 crash.  A strange smell in the fuel lines.  It smelled like
coffee.  Smooth and full bodied...
		-- Another Episode of General's Hospital


