A man rushed into a bar and breathlessly asked the bartender to pour him
three straight scotches.  The bartender complied, and watched as he downed
them one after another.
	"Why three scotches?" the bartender asked as he paused for breath.
	"Well, to be honest, I'm celebrating my first blow-job."
	"Hell, congratulations, the next one's on me."
	"No, thanks," the young man replied, "if the first three didn't get
the taste out of my mouth, I don't think another one will."


... it still remains true that as a set of cognitive beliefs about the
existence of God in any recognizable sense continuous with the great
systems of the past, religious doctrines constitute a speculative
hypothesis of an extremely low order of probability.
		-- Sidney Hook


The Following Subsume All Physical and Human Laws:

	1. You can't push on a string.
	2. Ain't no free lunches.
	3. Them as has, gets.
	4. You can't win them all, but you sure as hell can lose them all.


Another flaw in the human character is that everybody wants to build
and nobody wants to do maintenance.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., "Hocus Pocus"


Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side?  And hain't that
a big enough majority in any town?
		-- Mark Twain, "Huckleberry Finn"


Your lucky number has been disconnected.


Said President Jobcock one day:
"War's better than love, I should say.
	Instead of a virgin,
	It's murder I'm urgin'--
You get lots more blood that-a-way."


It's all in the mind, ya know.


Hatred, n.:
	A sentiment appropriate to the occasion of another's
	superiority.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Facts are the enemy of truth.
		-- Don Quixote


A conservative is a man
who believes that nothing should be done for the first time.
		-- Alfred E. Wiggam


A [golf] ball sliced or hooked into the rough shall be lifted and placed in
the fairway at a point equal to the distance it carried or rolled into the
rough.  Such veering right or left frequently results from friction between
the face of the club and the cover of the ball and the player should not be
penalized for the erratic behavior of the ball resulting from such
uncontrollable physical phenomena.
		-- Donald A. Metz


Friction is a drag.


"It's easier said than done."

... and if you don't believe it, try proving that it's easier done than
said, and you'll see that "it's easier said that `it's easier done than
said' than it is done", which really proves that "it's easier said than
done".


That's life.
	What's life?
A magazine.
	How much does it cost?
Two-fifty.
	I only have a dollar.
That's life.


	"Well, that was a piece of cake, eh K-9?"
	"Piece of cake, Master?  Radial slice of baked confection ...
coefficient of relevance to Key of Time: zero."
		-- "Doctor Who"


Logic is the chastity belt of the mind!


Fun experiments:
	Get a can of shaving cream, throw it in a freezer for about a week.
	Then take it out, peel the metal off and put it where you want...
	bedroom, car, etc.  As it thaws, it expands an unbelievable amount.


O Lord, grant that we may always be right,
for Thou knowest we will never change our minds.


Philosophy, n.:
	The ability to bear with calmness the misfortunes of our friends.


I truly wish I could be a great surgeon or philosopher or author or anything
constructive, but in all honesty I'd rather turn up my amplifier full blast
and drown myself in the noise.
		-- Charles Schmid, the "Tucson Murderer"


Every night my prayers I say,
	And get my dinner every day;
And every day that I've been good,
	I get an orange after food.
The child that is not clean and neat,
	With lots of toys and things to eat,
He is a naughty child, I'm sure--
	Or else his dear papa is poor.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson


Did you hear they canceled Easter this year?
Found the body.


XLVII:
	Two-thirds of the Earth's surface is covered with water.  The other
	third is covered with auditors from headquarters.
XLVIII:
	The more time you spend talking about what you have been doing, the
	less time you have to spend doing what you have been talking about.
	Eventually, you spend more and more time talking about less and less
	until finally you spend all your time talking about nothing.
XLIX:
	Regulations grow at the same rate as weeds.
L:
	The average regulation has a life span one-fifth as long as a
	chimpanzee's and one-tenth as long as a human's -- but four times
	as long as the official's who created it.
LI:
	By the time of the United States Tricentennial, there will be more
	government workers than there are workers.
LII:
	People working in the private sector should try to save money.
	There remains the possibility that it may someday be valuable again.
		-- Norman Augustine


Who dat who say "who dat" when I say "who dat"?
		-- Hattie McDaniel


Since a politician never believes what he says, he is surprised
when others believe him.
		-- Charles DeGaulle


<<<<< EVACUATION ROUTE <<<<<


Chicken Little was right.


Here I am, fifty-eight, and I still don't know what I want to be when
I grow up.
		-- Peter Drucker


We rarely find anyone who can say he has lived a happy life, and who,
content with his life, can retire from the world like a satisfied guest.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


This "brain-damaged" epithet is getting sorely overworked.  When we can
speak of someone or something being flawed, impaired, marred, spoiled;
batty, bedlamite, bonkers, buggy, cracked, crazed, cuckoo, daft, demented,
deranged, loco, lunatic, mad, maniac, mindless, non compos mentis, nuts,
Reaganite, screwy, teched, unbalanced, unsound, witless, wrong;  senseless,
spastic, spasmodic, convulsive; doped, spaced-out, stoned, zonked;  {beef,
beetle,block,dung,thick}headed, dense, doltish, dull, duncical, numskulled,
pinhead;  asinine, fatuous, foolish, silly, simple;  brute, lumbering, oafish;
half-assed, incompetent; backward, retarded, imbecilic, moronic; when we have
a whole precisely nuanced vocabulary of intellectual abuse to draw upon,
individually and in combination, isn't it a little <fill in the blank> to be
limited to a single, now quite trite, adjective?


Getting into trouble is easy.
		-- D. Winkel and F. Prosser


The best thing that comes out of Iowa is I-80.


The truth of a proposition has nothing to do with its credibility.
And vice versa.


While passing a vacant lot late one night, a jogger was stopped by a man who
held a gun to his head.
	"Who are you for," the gunman snarled, "Bush or Dukakis?"
	The runner thought for a moment, shifting nervously from foot to foot,
as the muzzle pressed harder into his temple.
	"Bush or Dukakis?" the mugger insisted.
	Finally, the jogger shrugged his shoulders, closed his eyes and bowed
his head.  "Go ahead and shoot."


... So the documentary-makers stick with sharks.  Generally, their
procedure is to scatter bleeding fish pieces around their boat, so as
to infest the waters.  I would estimate that the primary food source of
sharks today is bleeding fish pieces scattered by people making
documentaries.  Once the sharks arrive, they are generally fairly
listless.  The general shark attitude seems to be: "Oh God, another
documentary."  So the divers have to somehow goad them into attacking,
under the guise of Scientific Research.  "We know very little about the
effect of electricity on sharks," the narrator will say, in a deeply
scientific voice.  "That is why Todd is going to jab this Great White
in the testicles with a cattle prod."  The divers keep this kind of
thing up until the shark finally gets irritated and snaps at them, and
then they act as though this was a totally unexpected and very
dangerous development, although clearly it is what they wanted all along.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wonders of Sharks on TV"


Champagne don't make me lazy.
Cocaine don't drive me crazy.
Ain't nobody's business but my own.
		-- Taj Mahal


It's all so painfully empty and lonesome...  I don't think I can stand
any more of it... the whole dreadful way we are born, die, and are
never missed.  The fact there is *nobody*... nobody really...  We come
out of a yawning tomb of flesh and sink back finally into another tomb.
What is the point of it all?  Who thought up this sickening circle of
flesh and blood?  We come into the world bleeding and cut and our bones
half-crushed only to emerge and suffer more torment, mutilation, and
then at the last lie down in some hole in the ground forever.  Who could
have thought it up, I wonder?
		-- James Purdy


Progress was all right.  Only it went on too long.
		-- James Thurber


The heaviest object in the world is the
body of the woman you have ceased to love.
		-- Marquis de Lac de Clapiers Vauvenargues


	"Mach was the greatest intellectual fraud in the last ten years."
	"What about X?"
	"I said `intellectual'."
		;login, 9/1990


	"Well, it's a little rough... it might not be necessary to drag him 40
blocks.  Maybe just four.  You could put him in the trunk for the first 36
blocks, then haul him out and drag him the last four; that would certainly
scare the piss out of him, bumping alone the street, feeling all his skin being
ripped off..."
	"He'd be a bloody mess.  They might think he was just some drunk and
let him lie there all night."
	"Don't worry about that.  They have a guard station in front of the
White House that's open 24 hours a day.  The guards would recognize Colson...
and by that time of course his wife would have called the cops and reported
that a bunch of thugs had kidnapped him."
	"Wouldn't it be a little kinder if you drove about four more blocks
and stopped at a phone box to ring the hospital and say, 'Would you mind going
around to the front of the White House?  There's a naked man lying outside
in the street, bleeding to death...'"
	"... and we think it's Mr. Colson."
	"It would be quite a story for the newspapers, wouldn't it?"
	"Yeah, I think it's safe to say we'd see some headlines on that one."
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, talking to R. Steadman on C. Colson,
		   ex-Marine captain, now born again, of Watergate fame.


Too clever is dumb.
		-- Ogden Nash


The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed
ideas in the mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald


What do you call someone with herpes, AIDS, syphilis, and gonorrhea?
An incurable romantic.


It is far more impressive when others discover your good qualities
without your help.
		-- Miss Manners


You could live a better life, if you
had a better mind and a better body.


You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.


I wish you humans would leave me alone.


Chihuahuas drive me crazy.  I can't stand anything that
shivers when it's warm.


I'm an evolutionist; I refuse to believe
that I could have been created by man.


While you recently had your problems on the run,
they've regrouped and are making another attack.


God is Dead.
		-- Nietzsche
Nietzsche is Dead.
		-- God
Nietzsche is God.
		-- The Dead


A stunning blonde, but probably all bean dip above the eyebrows.


Almost anything derogatory you could say
about today's software design would be accurate.
		-- K. E. Iverson


You see, I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty
attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose.  A fool
takes in all the lumber of every sort he comes across, so that the knowledge
which might be useful to him gets crowded out, or at best is jumbled up with
a lot of other things, so that he has difficulty in laying his hands upon it.
Now the skillful workman is very careful indeed as to what he takes into his
brain-attic.  He will have nothing but the tools which may help him in doing
his work, but of these he has a large assortment, and all in the most perfect
order.  It is a mistake to think that that little room has elastic walls and
can distend to any extent.  Depend upon it there comes a time when for every
addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before.  It is of
the highest importance, therefore, not to have useless facts elbowing out
the useful ones.
		-- Sherlock Holmes


A lack of leadership is no substitute for inaction.


HIGH TECHNOLOGY:
	A California innovation composed
	of equal parts of silicon and marijuana.


Life is like a simile.


Q:	What's the difference between USL and the Graf Zeppelin?
A:	The Graf Zeppelin represented cutting edge technology for its time.


Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
		-- Martin Luther King, Jr.


Abstainer, n.:
	A weak person who yields to the
	temptation of denying himself a pleasure.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


I don't know why women get so upset, they have half the
money and all the pussy.
		-- Gary Bussy, "DC Cab"


To err is human,
To purr feline.
		-- Robert Byrne


I have hardly ever known a mathematician who was capable of reasoning.
		-- Plato


With/Without - and who'll deny it's what the fighting's all about?
		-- Pink Floyd


No modern woman with a grain of sense ever sends little notes to an
unmarried man -- not until she is married, anyway.
		-- Arthur Binstead


Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient.
Don't believe a thing he tells you.


Man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft...
and the only one that can be mass produced with unskilled labor.
		-- Wernher von Braun


I may kid around about drugs, but really, I take them seriously.
		-- Doctor Graper


I collect rare photographs...  I have two...  One of Houdini locking his
keys in his car...  the other is a rare picture of Norman Rockwell beating
up a child.
		-- Steven Wright


Drinking coffee for instant relaxation?  That's like drinking alcohol for
instant motor skills.
		-- Marc Price


Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company.
		-- Mark Twain


As of next Tuesday, C will be flushed in favor of COBOL.
Please update your programs.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(28) Abraham Lincoln saved this nation.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


The adjuration to be "normal" seems shockingly repellent to me; I see neither
hope nor comfort in sinking to that low level.  I think it is ignorance that
makes people think of abnormality only with horror and allows them to remain
undismayed at the proximity of "normal" to average and mediocre.  For surely
anyone who achieves anything is, essentially, abnormal.
		-- Dr. Karl Menninger, "The Human Mind", 1930


FORTUNE ANSWERS THE TOUGH QUESTIONS: #8

Q:	Is God a myth?
A:	No, He's a mythter.


Little known facts: the dirtiest words used on television during the
1950's were uttered by June Cleaver.
	"Gee, Ward, weren't you a little hard on the Beaver last night?"


The verdict of a jury is the a priori opinion of that juror who smokes
the worst cigars.
		-- H. L. Mencken


ONE SIZE FITS ALL:
	Doesn't fit anyone.


Fog Lamps, n.:
	Excessively (often obnoxiously) bright lamps mounted on the fronts
	of automobiles; used on dry, clear nights to indicate that the
	driver's brain is in a fog.  See also "Idiot Lights".


Deflector shields just came on, Captain.


I love treason but hate a traitor.
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar


A friendly message from your Internal Revenue Service: tax time is
coming again soon.  Bend over.


All the big corporations depreciate their possessions, and you can,
too, provided you use them for business purposes.  For example, if you
subscribe to the Wall Street Journal, a business-related newspaper, you
can deduct the cost of your house, because, in the words of U.S.
Supreme Court Chief Justice Warren Burger in a landmark 1979 tax
decision: "Where else are you going to read the paper?  Outside?  What
if it rains?"
		-- Dave Barry, "Sweating Out Taxes"


Miss, n.:
	A title with which we brand unmarried
	women to indicate that they are in the market.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Bolub's Fourth Law of Computerdom:
	Project teams detest weekly progress reporting because it so
	vividly manifests their lack of progress.


Unprovided with original learning, unformed in the habits of thinking,
unskilled in the arts of composition, I resolved to write a book.
		-- Edward Gibbon


Star Wars is adolescent nonsense; Close Encounters is obscurantist drivel;
Star Trek can turn your brains to puree of bat guano; and the greatest
science fiction series of all time is Doctor Who!  And I'll take you all
on, one-by-one or all in a bunch to back it up!
		-- Harlan Ellison


What's page one, a preemptive strike?
		-- Professor Freund, Communication, Ramapo State College


POVERTY:
	An unfortunate state that persists as long
	as anyone lacks anything he would like to have.


Reliable source, n.:
	The guy you just met.


I have seen the Great Pretender and he is not what he seems.


Be incomprehensible.  If they can't understand, they can't disagree.


The fact that it works is immaterial.
		-- L. Ogborn


It was the first day of a new term at Princeton, and a Texas A&M freshman
was learning his way around the campus.  Stopping a distinguished looking
upperclassman, he inquired,
	"Say, buddy, can you tell me where the library is at?"
	"My good fellow," came the reply, "at Princeton we do not end our
sentences with a preposition."
	"All right," said the freshman, "can you tell me where the library
is at, asshole?"


Beware of geeks bearing graft.


While we are sleeping, two-thirds of the world is plotting to do us in.
		-- Dean Rusk


Most people want either less corruption
or more of a chance to participate in it.


How come financial advisors never seem to be as wealthy as they
claim they'll make you?


Abraham Lincoln didn't die in vain.  He died in Washington, D.C.


Have you noticed that all you need to grow healthy,
vigorous grass is a crack in your sidewalk?


Oh Dad!  We're ALL Devo!


My love, he's mad, and my love, he's fleet,
	And a wild young wood-thing bore him!
The ways are fair to his roaming feet,
	And the skies are sunlit for him.
As sharply sweet to my heart he seems
	As the fragrance of acacia.
My own dear love, he is all my dreams --
	And I wish he were in Asia.
		-- Dorothy Parker, part 2


FreeBSD: Have you had your fairings today?


The two things that you should never lend out are your car
or your woman.  Someone's bound to throw a rod in either one.


Fornication, n.:
	Term used by people who don't have anybody to screw with.


If your parents don't have kids, neither will you.


Where am I, and what am I doing in this handbasket?
		-- Mark A. Matthews, to Wes Peters, circa 1996


When you're down and out, lift up your
voice and shout, "I'M DOWN AND OUT"!


	Them Toad Suckers

How 'bout them toad suckers, ain't they clods?
Sittin' there suckin' them green toady frogs!

Suckin' them hop toads, suckin' them chunkers,
Suckin' them a leapy type, suckin' them flunkers.

Look at them toad suckers, ain't they snappy?
Suckin' them bog frogs sure make's 'em happy!

Them hugger mugger toad suckers, way down south,
Stickin' them sucky toads in they mouth!

How to be a toad sucker, no way to duck it,
Get yourself a toad, rear back, and suck it!
		-- Mason Williams


But, Mousie, thou art no thy lane,
In proving foresight may be vain:
The best laid schemes o' mice an' men
Gang aft a-gley,
An' lea'e us nought but grief and pain
For promised joy.
		-- Robert Burns, "To a Mouse", 1785


When in charge ponder,
When in doubt mumble,
When in trouble delegate.


Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
		-- Sextus Aurelius


If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
		-- W. E. Hickson


Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
		-- George Santayana


ACCEPTANCE TESTING:
	An unsuccessful attempt to find bugs.


