Optimist, n.:
	A bagpiper with a beeper.


Ninety percent of the time things turn out worse than you thought they would.
The other ten percent of the time you had no right to expect that much.
		-- Augustine


Gentlemen do not read each other's mail.
		-- Secretary of State Henry Stimson, on closing down
		   the Black Chamber, the precursor to the National
		   Security Agency.


The prick of the engineer, Scott,
Fell off from Saturnian rot.
	He went to the basement
	And made a replacement
Of tungsten and plastic and snot.


He is no lawyer who cannot take two sides.


Hors d'oeuvres -- a ham sandwich cut into forty pieces.
		-- Jack Benny


Think of your family tonight.
Try to crawl home after the computer crashes.


Next, upon a stool, we've a sight to make you drool.
Seven virgins and a mule, keep it cool, keep it cool.
		-- ELP, "Karn Evil 9" (1st Impression, Part 2)


Why do we want intelligent terminals
when there are so many stupid users?


It is all right to hold a conversation,
but you should let go of it now and then.
		-- Richard Armour


Tell me why the stars do shine,
Tell me why the ivy twines,
Tell me why the sky's so blue,
And I will tell you just why I love you.

	Nuclear fusion makes stars to shine,
	Phototropism makes ivy twine,
	Rayleigh scattering makes sky so blue,
	Sexual hormones are why I love you.


Life would be much simpler and things would get done much faster if it
weren't for other people.
		-- Blore


If fifty million people say a foolish thing, it's still a foolish thing.
		-- Bertrand Russell


We have gone on piling weapon upon weapon, missile upon missile, new
levels of destructiveness upon old ones.  We have done this helplessly,
almost involuntarily: like the victims of some sort of hypnotism, like
men in a dream, like lemmings heading for the sea, like the children of
Hamelin marching blindly along behind their Pied Piper.  And the result
is that today we have achieved, we and the Russians together, in the
creation of these devices and their means of delivery, levels of
redundancy of such grotesque dimensions as to defy rational understanding.
		-- George Kennan, May 19, 1981


This night methinks is but the daylight sick.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"


Clarke's Conclusion:
	Never let your sense of morals interfere with doing the right thing.


Please don't put a strain on our friendship
by asking me to do something for you.


That's what she said.


"You are old," said the youth, "and your jaws are too weak
	For anything tougher than suet;
Yet you finished the goose, with the bones and the beak --
	Pray, how did you manage to do it?"

"In my youth," said his father, "I took to the law,
	And argued each case with my wife;
And the muscular strength which it gave to my jaw,
	Has lasted the rest of my life."
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


Two men were standing around talking while nearby a large German Shepherd
lay licking his balls.  One man says to the other, "Damn, I wish I could
do that."
	The other man replies, "Well, it's okay by me, but I think you
ought to get to know him a little first."


Plastic...  Aluminum...  These are the inheritors of the Universe!
Flesh and Blood have had their day... and that day is past!
		-- Green Lantern Comics


Woke up this mornin' an' I had myself a beer,
Yeah, Ah woke up this mornin' an' I had myself a beer
The future's uncertain and the end is always near.
		-- Jim Morrison, "Roadhouse Blues"


Troglodytism does not necessarily imply a low cultural level.


	These two project managers were walking through a residential area
one day, when they saw a dog (also male) sitting on a lawn, licking its
cock.  (Why do dogs do that?  Because they can).  Anyway, the first manager
nudged the second and said, "Hey, look at that!  That really looks like fun
-- I wish I could do that!"
	Whereupon the second manager replied, "Well, I don't know... I tried
it once, and the damn dog bit me!"


The woman who lives on the moon
Is still cherishing the balloon
	Of an earthling who'd come
	And given her some,
But had dribbled away all too soon.


	Thompson, if he is to be believed, has sampled the entire
rainbow of legal and illegal drugs in heroic efforts to feel better
than he does.
	As for the truth about his health: I have asked around about
it.  I am told that he appears to be strong and rosy, and steadily
sane.  But we will be doing what he wants us to do, I think, if we
consider his exterior a sort of Dorian Gray facade.  Inwardly, he is
being eaten alive by tinhorn politicians.
	The disease is fatal.  There is no known cure.  The most we can
do for the poor devil, it seems to me, is to name his disease in his
honor.  From this moment on, let all those who feel that Americans can
be as easily led to beauty as to ugliness, to truth as to public
relations, to joy as to bitterness, be said to be suffering from Hunter
Thompson's disease.  I don't have it this morning.  It comes and goes.
This morning I don't have Hunter Thompson's disease.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr. on Dr. Hunter S. Thompson: Excerpt
		   from "A Political Disease", Vonnegut's review of "Fear
		   and Loathing: On the Campaign Trail '72"


Don't compare floating point numbers solely for equality.


In less than a century, computers will be making substantial
progress on ... the overriding problem of war and peace.
		-- James Slagle


Life is like a diaper - short and loaded.


On Brassieres:
	Russian:	Uplifts the masses.
	Salvation Army:	Raises the fallen.
	American:	Makes mountains out of molehills.


The Worst Lines of Verse
For a start, we can rule out James Grainger's promising line:
	"Come, muse, let us sing of rats."
Grainger (1721-67) did not have the courage of his convictions and deleted
these words on discovering that his listeners dissolved into spontaneous
laughter the instant they were read out.
	No such reluctance afflicted Adam Lindsay Gordon (1833-70) who was
inspired by the subject of war.
	"Flash! flash! bang! bang! and we blazed away,
	And the grey roof reddened and rang;
	Flash! flash! and I felt his bullet flay
	The tip of my ear.  Flash! bang!"
By contrast, Cheshire cheese provoked John Armstrong (1709-79):
	"... that which Cestria sends, tenacious paste of solid milk..."
While John Bidlake was guided by a compassion for vegetables:
	"The sluggard carrot sleeps his day in bed,
	The crippled pea alone that cannot stand."
George Crabbe (1754-1832) wrote:
	"And I was ask'd and authorized to go
	To seek the firm of Clutterbuck and Co."
William Balmford explored the possibilities of religious verse:
	"So 'tis with Christians, Nature being weak
	While in this world, are liable to leak."
And William Wordsworth showed that he could do it if he really tried when
describing a pond:
	"I've measured it from side to side;
	Tis three feet long and two feet wide."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Maybe Computer Science should be in the College of Theology.
		-- R. S. Barton


Life is too important to take seriously.
		-- Corky Siegel


When I'm good, I'm great; but when I'm bad, I'm better.
		-- Mae West


Now I lay me back to sleep.
The speaker's dull; the subject's deep.
If he should stop before I wake,
Give me a nudge for goodness' sake.
		-- Anonymous


My love, he's mad, and my love, he's fleet,
	And a wild young wood-thing bore him!
The ways are fair to his roaming feet,
	And the skies are sunlit for him.
As sharply sweet to my heart he seems
	As the fragrance of acacia.
My own dear love, he is all my dreams --
	And I wish he were in Asia.
		-- Dorothy Parker, part 2


Modem, adj.:
	Up-to-date, new-fangled, as in "Thoroughly Modem Millie."  An
	unfortunate byproduct of kerning.


You will pass away very quickly.


Television is a whore.  Any man who wants her full favors can have them
in five minutes with a pistol.
		-- Hijacker, quoted in "Esquire"


The human animal differs from the lesser
primates in his passion for lists of "Ten Best".
		-- H. Allen Smith


The greatest griefs are those we cause ourselves.
		-- Sophocles


When childhood dies, its corpses are called adults.
		-- Brian Aldiss


A man walks into the doctor's office and the doctor says to him, "I've got
some good news and some bad news."
	"Tell me the good news first" the patient replies.
	"The good news is that your penis is going to be about two inches
longer and about an inch wider," the doctor says.
	"That's great!" says his patient.  "What's the bad news?"
	"Malignant."


The only reward of virtue is virtue.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Hoping to goodness is not theologically sound.
		-- Peanuts


Q:	How did the elephant get to the top of the oak tree?
A:	He sat on an acorn and waited for spring.

Q:	But how did he get back down?
A:	He crawled out on a leaf and waited for autumn.


We ARE as gods and might as well get good at it.
		-- Whole Earth Catalog


Hartley's First Law:
	You can lead a horse to water, but if you can
	get him to float on his back, you've got something.


Sin boldly.
		-- Martin Luther


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #18 -- FIFTH

	FIFTH is a precision mathematical language in which the data types
refer to quantity.  The data types range from CC, OUNCE, SHOT, and JIGGER to
FIFTH (hence the name of the language), LITER, MAGNUM and BLOTTO.  Commands
refer to ingredients such as CHABLIS, CHARDONNAY, CABERNET, GIN, VERMOUTH,
VODKA, SCOTCH, BOURBON, and WHATEVERSAROUND.
	The many versions of the FIFTH language reflect the sophistication and
financial status of its users.  Commands in the ELITE dialect include VSOP and
LAFITE, while commands in the GUTTER dialect include HOOTCH, THUNDERBIRD,
RIPPLE and HOUSERED.  The latter is a favorite of frustrated FORTH programmers
who end up using this language.


"God gives burdens; also shoulders."

Jimmy Carter cited this Jewish saying in his concession speech at the
end of the 1980 election.  At least he said it was a Jewish saying; I
can't find it anywhere.  I'm sure he's telling the truth though; why
would he lie about a thing like that?
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


George Orwell 1984.  Northwestern 0.
		-- Chicago Reader 10/15/82


People in general do not willingly read
if they have anything else to amuse them.
		-- S. Johnson


And on the seventh day, He exited from append mode.


Nature and nature's laws lay hid in night,
God said, "Let Newton be," and all was light.

It did not last; the devil howling "Ho!
Let Einstein be!" restored the status quo.


The United States Army:
194 years of proud service,
unhampered by progress.


People are beginning to notice you.
Try dressing before you leave the house.


State license plates we'd like to see:

	ALABAMA					ARIZONA
	IC1 NOW					120  F
THE UFO SIGHTING STATE			THE HEAT PROSTRATION STATE

	CONNECTICUT				MISSISSIPPI
	 5:36  EXP				  4I4S2PS
WHERE THE SMART NY WORK FORCE LIVES	THE MOST OFTEN MISSPELLED STATE

	TEXAS					FLORIDA
      1-2-3 HIKE				ZON KED
PLAY FOOTBALL OR DIE			AMERICA'S DRUG DEALER


I can feel for her because, although I have never been an Alaskan prostitute
dancing on the bar in a spangled dress, I still get very bored with washing
and ironing and dishwashing and cooking day after relentless day.
		-- Betty MacDonald


One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters.
		-- George Herbert


When we jumped into Sicily, the units became separated, and I couldn't find
anyone.  Eventually I stumbled across two colonels, a major, three captains,
two lieutenants, and one rifleman, and we secured the bridge.  Never in the
history of war have so few been led by so many.
		-- General James Gavin


Portable, adj.:
	Survives system reboot.


What, after all, is a halo?  It's only one more thing to keep clean.
		-- Christopher Fry


Biz is better.


Truly simple systems... require infinite testing.
		-- Norman Augustine


Q:	What did the regular expression match?
A:	Identified the patterns "matc" and "match"


O, it is excellent
To have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous
To use it like a giant.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Measure for Measure", II, 2


Argue for your limitations, and sure enough, they're yours.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


Everyone talks about apathy, but no one _d_o_e_s anything about it.


Remember, if it's being done correctly, here or abroad, it's
*not* the U.S. Army doing it!
		-- "Good Morning, Vietnam"


It's midnight.  The old man is awake, nervously pacing the floor, as his
20-year-old son comes in.

	"Whatta you mean?  You staya out alla night, you runna around widda
bums.  Whatta you trying to do?"
	"Papa, don't talk like that," replies the boy.
	"Who-a you, tella me notta talka like that?  You no work, you
chase-a bad women, whatta become of you?"
	"Papa, *please* don't talk like that."
	"Don'ta talka like that?  Whatta you mean?  Why shouldn't I talka
likka that?"
	"Papa, we're not Italian."


The modern child will answer you back before you've said anything.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


Inglish Spocken Hier: some mangled translations

	Sign on a cathedral in Spain:
		It is forbidden to enter a woman, even a foreigner if
		dressed as a man.

	Above the entrance to a Cairo bar:
		Unaccompanied ladies not admitted unless with husband
		or similar.

	On a Bucharest elevator:

		The lift is being fixed for the next days.
		During that time we regret that you will be unbearable.

		-- Colin Bowles


If wishes were horses, then beggars would be thieves.


Coach: How's it going, Norm?
Norm:  Daddy's rich and Momma's good lookin'.
		-- Cheers, Truce or Consequences

Sam:   What's up, Norm?
Norm:  My nipples.  It's freezing out there.
		-- Cheers, Coach Returns to Action

Coach: What's the story, Norm?
Norm:  Thirsty guy walks into a bar.  You finish it.
		-- Cheers, Endless Slumper


Q:	What does a WASP Mom make for dinner?
A:	A crisp salad, a hearty soup, a lovely entree, followed by
	a delicious dessert.


He who hesitates is sometimes saved.


Adde parvum parvo manus acervus erit.
[Add little to little and there will be a big pile.]
		-- Ovid


He had occasional flashes of silence that made his conversation
perfectly delightful.
		-- Sydney Smith


To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first
and, whatever you hit, call it the target.


KNOWLEDGE:
	Things you believe.


ACADEMY:
	A modern school where football is taught.
INSTITUTE:
	An archaic school where football is not taught.


Speaking of Godzilla and other things that convey horror:

	With a purposeful grimace and a Mongo-like flair
	He throws the spinning disk drives in the air!
	And he picks up a Vax and he throws it back down
	As he wades through the lab making terrible sounds!
	Helpless users with projects due
	Scream "My God!" as he stomps on the tape drives, too!

	Oh, no!  He says Unix runs too slow!  Go, go, DECzilla!
	Oh, yes!  He's gonna bring up VMS!  Go, go, DECzilla!"

* VMS is a trademark of Digital Equipment Corporation
* DECzilla is a trademark of Hollow Chocolate Bunnies of Death, Inc.
		-- Curtis Jackson


Animals can be driven crazy by putting too many in too small a pen.
Homo sapiens is the only animal that voluntarily does this to himself.
		-- Lazarus Long


Another day, another dollar.
		-- Vincent J. Fuller, defense lawyer for John Hinckley,
		   upon Hinckley's acquittal for shooting President Ronald
		   Reagan.


Anybody that wants the presidency so much that he'll spend two years
organizing and campaigning for it is not to be trusted with the office.
		-- David Broder


In a hierarchy every employee tends to rise to his level of incompetence ...
in time every post tends to be occupied by an employee who is incompetent
to carry out its duties ... Work is accomplished by those employees who
have not yet reached their level of incompetence.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter, "The Peter Principle"


