Let's just be friends and make no special effort to ever see each other again.


HOW TO REMOVE STAINS -- #28
	Semen stains can be removed from computer terminals with
	Fantastik or the like.  Use Windex on the glass however, and
	be sure to turn the power off if you have to clean between
	the keys.


Perhaps the most widespread illusion is that if we were in power we would
behave very differently from those who now hold it -- when, in truth, in
order to get power we would have to become very much like them.  (Lenin's
fatal mistake, both in theory and in practice.)


If sarcasm were posted on Usenet, would anybody notice?
		-- James Nicoll


Riches cover a multitude of woes.
		-- Menander


	Many lower life forms demonstrate qualities that, at first, just don't
seem survival oriented.  For instance, the female praying mantis, after mating
with, well, her mate, will devour him.  For the male praying mantis, however,
it's a catch-22.  If he mates, he gets screwed out of an opportunity to mate
again.  If he doesn't mate, he doesn't reproduce, ending his family tree.  This
suicidal behavior is commonly called the Preying Mantis Syndrome -- and many
life forms are periodically subject to its wrath.  How did the preying mantis
become stuck in such an awful, vicious cycle?  This is probably what happened:
	The male mantis arrives at the residence of the female mantis.  After
some courtship exercises (dinner, a movie, inserting the diaphragm) they mate.
The female mantis, her lust for... lust being satisfied, relaxes while the
male raids the refrigerator and returns home.  This behavior continues until
the male and female (mantissas?) establish a permanent relationship.  Then the
male establishes a new pattern of behavior:  Football on Mondays, baseball on
Tuesdays, happy hour on Wednesdays, uh, well, uh, working-late-at-the-office
on Thursdays, etc. etc.  The female tolerates this for awhile, then files for
a divorce.  After a long court battle, she concludes one thing:  It simplifies
matters tremendously to just eat him when you're done with him.
	Well, through the centuries of evolution, the Preying Mantis Syndrome
has been carried up to the highest life forms, as well as to humans.  That is
why, one week out of every month, the female of the species will feel compelled
to bite the head off of the male.  The Syndrome is inescapable, but when it
occurs in the female of our species, it's best to just avoid them for a while.


Q:	What's the difference between USL and the Titanic?
A:	The Titanic had a band.


Hear about...
	the new vitamin made from chicken blood,
	it makes men cocky and women lay better?


Disclose classified information only when a NEED TO KNOW exists.


LOVE:
	When you don't want someone too close--
	because you're very sensitive to pleasure.


Have you ever felt like a wounded cow
halfway between an oven and a pasture?
walking in a trance toward a pregnant
	seventeen-year-old housewife's
	two-day-old cookbook?
		-- Richard Brautigan


Real wealth can only increase.
		-- R. Buckminster Fuller


Got Mole problems?
Call Avogadro at 6.02 x 10^23.


Taoism: Shit Happens.
Confucianism: Confucius say, "Shit Happens".
Buddhism: If shit happens, it isn't really shit.
Hinduism: This shit has happened before.
Protestantism: Shit happens, but it happens to someone else.
Catholicism: Shit happens, but you deserved it.
Judaism: Why does shit always happen to US?


There's nothing so precious as a cafe full of Gap kiddies trying to
work out whether you're really wearing rubber pants.
		-- Mike Smith


XVI:
	In the year 2054, the entire defense budget will purchase just one
	aircraft.  This aircraft will have to be shared by the Air Force and
	Navy 3-1/2 days each per week except for leap year, when it will be
	made available to the Marines for the extra day.
XVII:
	Software is like entropy.  It is difficult to grasp, weighs nothing,
	and obeys the Second Law of Thermodynamics, i.e., it always increases.
XVIII:
	It is very expensive to achieve high unreliability.  It is not uncommon
	to increase the cost of an item by a factor of ten for each factor of
	ten degradation accomplished.
XIX:
	Although most products will soon be too costly to purchase, there will
	be a thriving market in the sale of books on how to fix them.
XX:
	In any given year, Congress will appropriate the amount of funding
	approved the prior year plus three-fourths of whatever change the
	administration requests -- minus 4-percent tax.
		-- Norman Augustine


If it wasn't for Newton, we wouldn't have to eat bruised apples.


The myth of romantic love holds that once you've fallen in love with the
perfect partner, you're home free.  Unfortunately, falling out of love
seems to be just as involuntary as falling into it.


Three minutes' thought would suffice to find this out; but thought
is irksome and three minutes is a long time.
		-- A. E. Housman


If a man stay away from his wife for seven years, the law presumes the
separation to have killed him; yet according to our daily experience,
it might well prolong his life.
		-- Charles Darling, "Scintillae Juris, 1877


QOTD:
	"I was a fifty-four-year-old virgin, but I'm all right now."


A Difficulty for Every Solution.
		-- Motto of the Federal Civil Service


Christ died for our sins, so let's not disappoint Him.


When in this world the headlines read
Of those whose hearts are filled with greed
Who rob and steal from those who need
The cry goes up with blinding speed for Underdog (UNDERDOG!)
Underdog (UNDERDOG!)
Speed of lightning, roar of thunder
Fighting all who rob or plunder
Underdog (ah-ah-ah-ah)
Underdog
UNDERDOG!


You can't go home again, unless you set $HOME.


The control of the production of wealth
is the control of human life itself.
		-- Hilaire Belloc


Why You Can't Run When There's Trouble in the Office:
	No matter where you stand, no matter how far or fast you flee,
when it hits the fan, as much as possible will be propelled in your
direction, and almost none will be returned to the source.
		-- John L. Shelton


	THEORY
Into love and out again,
	Thus I went and thus I go.
Spare your voice, and hold your pen:
	Well and bitterly I know
All the songs were ever sung,
	All the words were ever said;
Could it be, when I was young,
	Someone dropped me on my head?
		-- Dorothy Parker


Q:	Why should you always serve a Southern Carolina football man
	soup in a plate?
A:	'Cause if you give him a bowl, he'll throw it away.


You have been in Afghanistan, I perceive.
		-- Sherlock Holmes, "A Study in Scarlet"


When the Universe was not so out of whack as it is today, and all the
stars were lined up in their proper places, you could easily count them
from left to right, or top to bottom, and the larger and bluer ones
were set apart, and the smaller yellowing types pushed off to the
corners as bodies of a lower grade ...
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


	Shortly after arriving at their honeymoon destination, the
still-nervous groom became worried about the state of his bride's innocence.
Deciding on a direct confrontation, he quickly undressed, pointed at his
exposed manhood and asked his mate, "Do you know what this is?"
	Without hesitation, she blushingly answered, "That's a wee-wee."
	Delighted at the idea of instructing his naive wife in the ways of
love, the husband whispered, "From now on, dearest, this will be called a
prick."
	"Oh, come now," the girl chided.  "I've seen lots of pricks and I
assure you, that's a wee-wee."


John			Dame May		Oscar
Was Gay			Was Whitty		Was Wilde
But Gerard Hopkins	But John Greenleaf	But Thornton
Was Manley		Was Whittier		Was Wilder
		-- Willard Espy


Willie in the cauldron fell;		Willie saw some dynamite,
See the grief on mother's brow;		Couldn't understand it quite;
Mother loved her darling well --	Curiosity never pays:
Willie's quite hard-boiled by now.	It rained Willie seven days.

Little Willie with a shout,		William in a nice new sash,
Gouged the baby's eyeballs out;		Fell in the fire and burned to an ash.
Stamped on them to make them pop.	Now, although the room grows chilly,
Mother cried, "Now, William, stop!"	I haven't the heart to poke poor Billy.

William with a thirst for gore,		Little Willie mean as hell,
Nailed the baby to the door.		Threw his sister in the well!
Mother said, with humor quaint:		Said his mother when drawing water,
"Careful, Will, don't mar the paint."	"sure is hard to raise a daughter."
		-- Harry Graham, "Ruthless Rhymes for Heartless Homes", 1899


If clear thinking created sparks, we could safely store dynamite in
James Watt's office.
		-- Wayne Shannon, KRON-TV


Playing poker with busty Ms. Ware,
He announced as he folded with flair,
	"I had four of a kind,
	But those aces combined,
Don't stack up, I'm afraid, with your pair."


Five people -- an Englishman, Russian, American, Frenchman and Irishman
were each asked to write a book on elephants.  Some amount of time later they
had all completed their respective books.  The Englishman's book was entitled
"The Elephant -- How to Collect Them", the Russian's "The Elephant -- Vol. I",
the American's "The Elephant -- How to Make Money from Them", the Frenchman's
"The Elephant -- Its Mating Habits" and the Irishman's "The Elephant and
Irish Political History".


The happiest time in any man's life is just after the first divorce.
		-- J. K. Galbraith


The scene: in a vast, painted desert, a cowboy faces his horse.

Cowboy: "Well, you've been a pretty good hoss, I guess.  Hardworkin'.
Not the fastest critter I ever come acrost, but..."

Horse:  "No, stupid, not feed*back*.  I said I wanted a feed*bag*.


Necessity is a mother.


Fuck art; let's dance!


	Them Toad Suckers

How 'bout them toad suckers, ain't they clods?
Sittin' there suckin' them green toady frogs!

Suckin' them hop toads, suckin' them chunkers,
Suckin' them a leapy type, suckin' them flunkers.

Look at them toad suckers, ain't they snappy?
Suckin' them bog frogs sure make's 'em happy!

Them hugger mugger toad suckers, way down south,
Stickin' them sucky toads in they mouth!

How to be a toad sucker, no way to duck it,
Get yourself a toad, rear back, and suck it!
		-- Mason Williams


Office Automation, n.:
	The use of computers to improve efficiency in the office
	by removing anyone you would want to talk with over coffee.


Karlson's Theorem of Snack Food Packages:

For all P, where P is a package of snack food, P is a SINGLE-SERVING
package of snack food.

Gibson the Cat's Corollary:

For all L, where L is a package of lunch meat, L is Gibson's package
of lunch meat.


Hear about...
	the compulsive gambler who drove to Las Vegas, pulled up to
	a parking meter, put a dime in -- and lost his car?


The light of a hundred stars does not equal the light of the moon.


Hello, friend!  You say things aren't going too well?  You say you have a
date with your favorite girl when it starts raining so hard you can't see?
And you're out on some back road when the car stalls and won't start, so
you set off across the fields, and 50 feet of barbed wire hits you right
smack in the puss?  And then there's a big explosion behind you and you
don't hear your girl screaming any more?

	Well, take a walk in the sun and hold your head up high!
	You'll show the world; you'll tell them where to get off!
	You'll never give up, never give up, never give up -- that ship!


Breadth-first search is the bulldozer of science.
		-- Randy Goebel


The acrobats - Tom and Louise-
Do an act in the nude on their knees.
	They crawl down the aisle
	While screwing dog-style,
As the orchestra plays Kilmer's "Trees."


Entropy requires no maintenance.
		-- Markoff Chaney


The Government just announced today the creation of the Neutron Bomb II.
Similar to the Neutron Bomb, the Neutron Bomb II not only kills people
and leaves buildings standing, but also does a little light housekeeping.


SERENDIPITY:
	The process by which human knowledge is advanced.


Violence is molding.


TAURUS (Apr 20 - May 20)
	You are practical and persistent.  You have a dogged determination
	and work like hell.  Most people think you are stubborn and bull
	headed.  You are a Communist.


What passes for optimism is most often the effect of an intellectual error.
		-- Raymond Aron, "The Opium of the Intellectuals"


Responsibility:
	Everyone says that having power is a great responsibility.  This is
a lot of bunk.  Responsibility is when someone can blame you if something
goes wrong.  When you have power you are surrounded by people whose job it
is to take the blame for your mistakes.  If they're smart, that is.
		-- Cerebus, "On Governing"


Not that we needed all that stuff, but when you get locked into a
serious drug collection the tendency is to push it as far as you can.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas"


The gent who wakes up and finds himself a success hasn't been asleep.


A man without a woman is like a statue without pigeons.


The study of non-linear physics is like the study of non-elephant
biology.


The Enterprise girls, so one hears,
Have chased Spock for several years.
	His look of disdain
	Has spared them great pain,
For his prick is as sharp as his ears.


It is better to give than to lend, and it costs about the same.


At last I've found the girl of my dreams.  Last night she said to me,
"Once more, Strange, and this time *I'll* be Donnie and *you* be Marie.
		-- Strange de Jim


Drugs may be the road to nowhere, but at least they're the scenic route!


QOTD:
	"When she hauled ass, it took three trips."


Laugh at your problems:  everybody else does.


Hey, Jim, it's me, Susie Lillis from the laundromat.  You said you were
gonna call and it's been two weeks.  What's wrong, you lose my number?


Only someone with nothing to be sorry for
smiles back at the rear of an elephant.


The bomb will never go off.  I speak as an expert in explosives.
		-- Admiral William Leahy, U.S. Atomic Bomb Project


Persons attempting to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted;
persons attempting to find a moral in it will be banished; persons attempting
to find a plot in it will be shot.  By Order of the Author
		-- Mark Twain, "Tom Sawyer"


It is illegal to drive more than two thousand sheep down Hollywood
Boulevard at one time.


There is a 20% chance of tomorrow.


If a can of Alpo costs 38 cents, would it cost $2.50 in Dog Dollars?


I had to censor everything my sons watched ... even on the Mary Tyler
Moore show I heard the word "damn!"
		-- Mary Lou Bax


Keep your boss's boss off your boss's back.


Ma Bell is a mean mother!


Not all men who drink are poets.
Some of us drink because we aren't poets.


Advice is a dangerous gift; be cautious about giving and receiving it.


The right half of the brain controls the left half of the body.
This means that only left handed people are in their right mind.


Commoner's three laws of ecology:
	1) No action is without side-effects.
	2) Nothing ever goes away.
	3) There is no free lunch.


Who cares if it doesn't do anything?  It was made with
our new Triple-Iso-Bifurcated-Krypton-Gate-MOS process...


After Joan and Max had been married for 25 years, Max became disinterested
in sex, and his libido began to wan dramatically.  In desperation, Joan
hauled him to a marriage counselor, who listened patiently to Joan's complaints
and Max's protestations.  Max claimed that he was being nagged unmercifully
to fulfill Joan's needs, and that after awhile every marriage tended to
become less physical.  Joan said that that wasn't true and that she had
needs and desires that he, as her husband, was expected to fulfill.  Finally,
the counselor issued the verdict. "Max," he said, "Everybody has to give a
little for a marriage to work.  From now on, no matter how you feel at the
time, you must give Joan her conjugal rights at least semi-annually.  And,
remember, do it in a loving, considerate manner; after all, you and your
wife are a partnership of love."  Joan was delighted, and floated out of the
counselor's offices.  On the way downstairs, she nudged Max.
	"So, honey, tell me... how many times a week is semi-annually?"


In Marseilles they make half the toilet soap we consume in America, but
the Marseillaise only have a vague theoretical idea of its use, which they
have obtained from books of travel.
		-- Mark Twain


GUILLOTINE:
	A French chopping center.


	Everything is farther away than it used to be.  It is even twice as
far to the corner and they have added a hill.  I have given up running for
the bus; it leaves earlier than it used to.
	It seems to me they are making the stairs steeper than in the old
days.  And have you noticed the smaller print they use in the newspapers?
	There is no sense in asking anyone to read aloud anymore, as everybody
speaks in such a low voice I can hardly hear them.
	The material in dresses is so skimpy now, especially around the hips
and waist, that it is almost impossible to reach one's shoelaces.  And the
sizes don't run the way they used to.  The 12's and 14's are so much smaller.
	Even people are changing.  They are so much younger than they used to
be when I was their age.  On the other hand people my age are so much older
than I am.
	I ran into an old classmate the other day and she has aged so much
that she didn't recognize me.
	I got to thinking about the poor dear while I was combing my hair
this morning and in so doing I glanced at my own reflection.  Really now,
they don't even make good mirrors like they used to.
		Sandy Frazier, "I Have Noticed"


It's the good girls who keep the diaries, the bad girls never have the time.
		-- Tallulah Bankhead


God is real, unless declared integer.


Where, oh, where, are you tonight?
Why did you leave me here all alone?
I searched the world over, and I thought I'd found true love.
You met another, and *PPHHHLLLBBBBTTT*, you wuz gone.

Gloom, despair and agony on me.
Deep dark depression, excessive misery.
If it weren't for bad luck, I'd have no luck at all.
Oh, gloom, despair and agony on me.
		-- Hee Haw


Since aerosols are forbidden, the police are using roll-on Mace!


We have only two things to worry about:  That things will never get
back to normal, and that they already have.


Sex is just one damp thing after another.


Quack!
	Quack!! Quack!!


The worst cliques are those which consist of one man.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Mary had a little watch;
She swallowed it one day.
And so she took some Ex-Lax
To pass the time away.

But when she took the Ex-Lax
The time it did not pass.
So when you want to know the time,
Just look up Mary's ...
		Uncle, he has a watch, too.


A consultant is a person who borrows your watch, tells you what time it
is, pockets the watch, and sends you a bill for it.


Q:	How do you keep a moron in suspense?


Class, that's the only thing that counts in life.  Class.
Without class and style, a man's a bum; he might as well be dead.
		-- "Bugsy" Siegel


Weiner's Law of Libraries:
	There are no answers, only cross references.


His followers called him Mahasamatman and said he was a god.  He preferred
to drop the Maha- and the -atman, however, and called himself Sam.  He never
claimed to be a god.  But then, he never claimed not to be a god.  Circum-
stances being what they were, neither admission could be of any benefit.
Silence, though, could.  It was in the days of the rains that their prayers
went up, not from the fingering of knotted prayer cords or the spinning of
prayer wheels, but from the great pray-machine in the monastery of Ratri,
goddess of the Night.  The high-frequency prayers were directed upward through
the atmosphere and out beyond it, passing into that golden cloud called the
Bridge of the Gods, which circles the entire world, is seen as a bronze
rainbow at night and is the place where the red sun becomes orange at midday.
Some of the monks doubted the orthodoxy of this prayer technique...
		-- Roger Zelazny, "Lord of Light"


Hear about...
	the woman who claimed that two martinis usually made her
	feel like a new man?


THEGODDESSOFTHENETHASTWISTINGFINGERSANDHERVOICEISLIKEAJAVALININTHENIGHTDUDE


As the truck driver came flying over the top of a steep hill, he spotted two
figures in his path rolling around in the middle of the road.  The driver blew
his horn and braked frantically, but the couple continued their lovemaking,
oblivious to his warnings.  The truck finally slid to a halt barely three
inches from the pair.  "Are you crazy?" the driver screamed at them.  "You
could have been killed!"
	The man stood up and faced the driver.  "Well, I was coming, she was
coming and you were coming," he panted, "and you were the only one with
brakes."


One of the large consolations for experiencing anything
unpleasant is the knowledge that one can communicate it.
		-- Joyce Carol Oates


Statistics are no substitute for judgment.
		-- Henry Clay


He had heard that a certain whorehouse had a reputation for the bizarre.
So he drove to the place and, once inside, asked the Madam if she had anything
unusual for him to try.  "Things are pretty slow today," she said, "but I
do have one number you might enjoy."  She went on to describe a New Jersey
hen that had been trained to do blow jobs.
	"We've got her here, but only for the day."
	The visitor could hardly believe it, but he paid the fee and went
into a room with a hen.  After a frustrating hour of trying to force his
cock into the hen's mouth, he figured out that he was dealing with nothing
but a plain old chicken.  He left.  Thinking about it later, he decided
that he had had so much fun trying that he returned the few days later and
asked the Madam, "Do you have anything new today?"
	"Come this way," she said, and led him to a dark room where a group
of men were looking through a one-way mirror.  He saw that they were watching
a girl making it with a large doberman pinscher.
	"Wow!" he said to the man standing next to him.  "This is really
great!"
	The man replied, "Man, it ain't nothin'!  You shoulda been here
a week ago and seen the guy with the chicken!"


Sniff sniff...  Hey!  Who farted?


Fats Loves Madelyn.


Tourist to New Yorker:
	"Pardon me, sir, do you know what time it is, or should I
	just go fuck myself?"


TO THOSE OF YOU WHO DESIRE IT, I GRANT YOU MADRAK'S BLESSING:

	Insofar as I may be heard by anything, which may or may not care
what I say, I ask, if it matters, that you be forgiven for anything you
may have done or failed to do which requires forgiveness.
	Conversely, if not forgiveness but something else be required
to insure any possible benefit for which you may be eligible after the
destruction of your body, I ask that this, whatever it may be, be granted
or withheld, as the case may be, in such a manner as to insure your
receiving said benefit.
	I ask this in my capacity as your elected intermediary between
yourself and that which may have an interest in the matter of your receiving
as much as it is possible for you to receive of this thing, and which may
in some way be influenced by this ceremony.
	Amen.
		-- Roger Zelazny, "Creatures of Light and Darkness", 1969


The search for the perfect martini is a fraud.  The perfect martini is
a belt of gin from the bottle; anything else is the decadent trappings
of civilization.
		-- T. K.


Because we don't think about future generations,
they will never forget us.
		-- Henrik Tikkanen


Was it you that did the pushin',
Left the stains upon the cushion,
The footprints on the dashboard upside-down?
Was it you, you little pecker,
That got into my Rebecca,
If you did, you'd better leave this town!

Yes, 'twas I that did the pushin',
Left the stains upon the cushion,
Footprints on the dashboard upside-down.
But since I stuck your daughter,
I've had trouble passin' water,
So I guess we're kind of even all around!


This hot and dusty cowboy rode in from the mesa, filthy and exhausted.  He
obviously had had nothing but his horse for company for a couple of weeks
and was looking forward to a couple of cold beers in the saloon.  Swinging
off his horse and hitching it to the rail, the cowboy gave his horse an
affectionate slap on the neck.  Then he astonished an old cowhand lounging
on the porch by moving around to the horse's hindquarters, lifting up its
tail and planting a demure kiss on its asshole.
	"What'd you do that for?" asked the cowhand, completely repulsed.
	"Chapped lips," said the cowboy, heading for the saloon doors.
	"Wait a minute," said the old guy.  "Whaddaya mean, chapped lips?"
	"Keeps ya from lickin' 'em," explained the cowboy.


PAIN:
	Sliding down a 50-foot razor blade into a bucket of alcohol.


Love is being stupid together.
		-- Paul Valery


I was in Vegas last week. I was at the roulette table, having a
lengthy argument about what I considered an Odd number.
		-- Steven Wright


I know if you been talkin' you done said
just how surprised you wuz by the living dead.
You wuz surprised that they could understand you words
and never respond once to all the truth they heard.
But don't you get square!
There ain't no rule that says they got to care.
They can always swear they're deaf, dumb and blind.


The day advanced as if to light some work of mine; it was morning,
and lo! now it is evening, and nothing memorable is accomplished.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


FORTUNE ANSWERS THE TOUGH QUESTIONS: #3

Q:	Why haven't you graduated yet?
A:	Well, Dad, I could have finished years ago, but I wanted
	my dissertation to rhyme.


A billion here, a billion there -- pretty soon it adds up to real money.
		-- Sen. Everett Dirksen, on the U.S. defense budget


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #16

The Arkansas legislature passed a law that states that the Arkansas River
can rise no higher than to the Main Street bridge in Little Rock.


The Golden Rule of Arts and Sciences:
	He who has the gold makes the rules.


Old Japanese proverb:
	There are two kinds of fools -- those who never climb Mt. Fuji,
and those who climb it twice.


Huh?


There are three things men can do with women:
love them, suffer for them, or turn them into literature.
		-- Stephen Stills


This system will self-destruct in five minutes.


This is the theory that Jack built.
This is the flaw that lay in the theory that Jack built.
This is the palpable verbal haze that hid the flaw that lay in...


Q:	Why should you always serve a Southern Carolina football man
	soup in a plate?
A:	'Cause if you give him a bowl, he'll throw it away.


Just weigh your own hurt against the hurt
of all the others, and then do what's best.
		-- Lovers and Other Strangers


Insanity is considered a ground for divorce, though by the very same
token it is the shortest detour to marriage.
		-- Wilson Mizner


	"...The name of the song is called 'Haddocks' Eyes'!"
	"Oh, that's the name of the song, is it?" Alice said, trying to
feel interested.
	"No, you don't understand," the Knight said, looking a little
vexed.  "That's what the name is called.  The name really is, 'The Aged
Aged Man.'"
	"Then I ought to have said "That's what the song is called'?"
Alice corrected herself.
	"No, you oughtn't: that's quite another thing!  The song is
called 'Ways and Means':  but that's only what it is called you know!"
	"Well, what is the song then?" said Alice, who was by this
time completely bewildered.
	"I was coming to that," the Knight said.  "The song really is
"A-sitting on a Gate": and the tune's my own invention."
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


In the Spring, I have counted 136
different kinds of weather inside of 24 hours.
		-- Mark Twain, on New England weather


You cannot use your friends and have them too.


The worst is enemy of the bad.


Top 10 things likely to be overheard if you had a Klingon Programmer:

10) Specifications are for the weak and timid!
 9) You question the worthiness of my code?  I should kill you where you stand!
 8) Indentation?! - I will show you how to indent when I indent your skull!
 7) What is this talk of 'release'?  Klingons do not make software 'releases'.
    Our software 'escapes' leaving a bloody trail of designers and quality
    assurance people in its wake.
 6) Klingon function calls do not have 'parameters' - they have 'arguments'
     - and they ALWAYS WIN THEM.
 5) Debugging?  Klingons do not debug.  Our software does not coddle the weak.
 4) A TRUE Klingon Warrior does not comment his code!
 3) Klingon software does NOT have BUGS.  It has FEATURES, and those features
    are too sophisticated for a Romulan pig like you to understand.
 2) You cannot truly appreciate Dilbert unless you've read it in the
    original Klingon.
 1) Our users will know fear and cower before our software!  Ship it!  Ship
    it and let them flee like the dogs they are!


Try to be the best of whatever you are, even if what you are is no good.


