Well I looked at my watch and it said a quarter to five,
The headline screamed that I was still alive,
I couldn't understand it, I thought I died last night.
I dreamed I'd been in a border town,
In a little cantina that the boys had found,
I was desperate to dance, just to dig the local sounds.
When along came a senorita,
She looked so good that I had to meet her,
I was ready to approach her with my English charm,
When her brass knuckled boyfriend grabbed me by the arm,
And he said, grow some funk of your own, amigo,
Grow some funk of your own.
We no like to with the gringo fight,
But there might be a death in Mexico tonite.
...
Take my advice, take the next flight,
And grow some funk, grow your funk at home.
		-- Elton John, "Grow Some Funk of Your Own"


I got my driver's license photo taken out of focus on purpose.  Now
when I get pulled over the cop looks at it (moving it nearer and
farther, trying to see it clearly)...  and says, "Here, you can go."
		-- Steven Wright


Don't get mad, get even.
		-- Joseph P. Kennedy

Don't get even, get jewelry.
		-- Anonymous


I came to MIT to get an education for myself and a diploma for my mother.


And we heard him exclaim
As he started to roam:
"I'm a hologram, kids,
please don't try this at home!'"
		-- Bob Violence


Look!  Before our very eyes, the future is becoming the past.


As I was passing Project MAC,
I met a Quux with seven hacks.
Every hack had seven bugs;
Every bug had seven manifestations;
Every manifestation had seven symptoms.
Symptoms, manifestations, bugs, and hacks,
How many losses at Project MAC?


If you are too busy to read, then you are too busy.


Only those who leisurely approach that which the masses are
busy about can be busy about that which the masses take leisurely.
		-- Lao Tsu


Prisons are built with stones of Law, brothels with bricks of Religion.
		-- Blake


The student in question is performing minimally for his peer group and
is an emerging underachiever.


I myself have dreamed up a structure intermediate between Dyson spheres
and planets.  Build a ring 93 million miles in radius -- one Earth orbit
-- around the sun.  If we have the mass of Jupiter to work with, and if
we make it a thousand miles wide, we get a thickness of about a thousand
feet for the base.

And it has advantages.  The Ringworld will be much sturdier than a Dyson
sphere.  We can spin it on its axis for gravity.  A rotation speed of 770
m/s will give us a gravity of one Earth normal.  We wouldn't even need to
roof it over.  Place walls one thousand miles high at each edge, facing the
sun.  Very little air will leak over the edges.

Lord knows the thing is roomy enough.  With three million times the surface
area of the Earth, it will be some time before anyone complains of the
crowding.
		-- Larry Niven, "Ringworld"


	I paid a visit to my local precinct in Greenwich Village and
asked a sergeant to show me some rape statistics.  He politely obliged.
That month there had been thirty-five rape complaints, an advance of ten
over the same month for the previous year.  The precinct had made two
arrests.
	"Not a very impressive record," I offered.
	"Don't worry about it," the sergeant assured me.  "You know what
these complaints represent?"
	"What do they represent?" I asked.
	"Prostitutes who didn't get their money," he said firmly,
closing the book.
		-- Susan Brownmiller, "Against Our Will"


It takes a brave man to admit his mistakes.
Especially in a paternity hearing.


Come, let us hasten to a higher plane,
Where dyads tread the fairy fields of Venn,
Their indices bedecked from one to _n,
Commingled in an endless Markov chain!
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


If you have nothing to do, don't do it here.


Familiarity breeds contempt -- and children.
		-- Mark Twain


YOUR FOAMY FUTURE
	by Miss Fortune

ARIES (March 21 - April 19)
	Matters are not good, where your health is concerned.  This Fall, be
sure to "walk groundly, talk profoundly, drink roundly, and sleep soundly"
and you will live all the days of your life.

TAURUS (April 20 - May 20)
	You spent a fortune on beer this past summer and now find yourself
in a deep depression because you can't afford even one of your favorite
brewskis.  Don't fret too much, Taurus.  To get back on your feet simply
miss two car payments.

GEMINI (May 21 - June 21)
	You think you're falling in love with a person who has a lot in
common with yourself.  You both prefer ales, you've both tried your hand
at homebrewing, and you both want to visit every new brewpub that opens.
Sounds impressive but remember you really don't know your partner until
you meet in court.


Reagan can't _a_c_t, either.


Two recent emigrants to the United States, on their first day off the boat
in New York City, spied a hotdog vendor.  "Do they eat dogs in America?"
one asked his companion.
	"I don't know."
	"Well, if we're going to live in America, we have to learn to eat
American foods."
	So they each bought a wax paper wrapped hotdog and sat down to eat
them on a nearby park bench.  One man looked inside his wax paper, then over
at the other man, and asked, "So, what part did you get?"


My mother didn't breast-feed me.  She said she liked me as a friend.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


Life is wasted on the living.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the Edge of the Universe"


It is the business of the future to be dangerous.
		-- Hawkwind


"I do love a lay every day,
So whenever you're coming this way
	Just phone in advance
	And I'll jerk off my pants,
And we're set for a sexy soiree!"


A new koan:
	If you have some ice cream, I will give it to you.
	If you have no ice cream, I will take it away from you.
It is an ice cream koan.


If you will practice being fictional for a while, you will understand that
fictional characters are sometimes more real than people with bodies and
heartbeats.


No matter what happens, there is always someone who knew it would.


Handy hint:
	A tea bag or two can be a dandy substitute
	when you're out of tampons.


Television is now so desperately hungry for material
that it is scraping the top of the barrel.
		-- Gore Vidal


Many people write memos to tell you they have nothing to say.


I have a dream.  I have a dream that one day, on the red hills of Georgia,
the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slaveowners will be able to
sit down together at the table of brotherhood.
		-- Martin Luther King, Jr.


Only two kinds of witnesses exist.  The first live in a neighborhood where
a crime has been committed and in no circumstances have ever seen anything
or even heard a shot.  The second category are the neighbors of anyone who
happens to be accused of the crime.  These have always looked out of their
windows when the shot was fired, and have noticed the accused person standing
peacefully on his balcony a few yards away.
		-- Sicilian police officer


Evil is that which one believes of others.  It is a sin to believe evil
of others, but it is seldom a mistake.
		-- H. L. Mencken


He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.


My central memory of that time seems to hang on one or five or maybe forty
nights -- or very early mornings -- when I left the Fillmore half-crazy and,
instead of going home, aimed the big 650 Lightning across the Bay Bridge at
a hundred miles an hour ... booming through the Treasure Island tunnel at
the lights of Oakland and Berkeley and Richmond, not quite sure which
turnoff to take when I got to the other end ... but being absolutely certain
that no matter which way I went I would come to a place where people were
just as high and wild as I was: no doubt at all about that.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


Sex discriminates against the shy and ugly.


Nasrudin returned to his village from the imperial capital, and the villagers
gathered around to hear what had passed.  "At this time," said Nasrudin, "I
only want to say that the King spoke to me."  All the villagers but the
stupidest ran off to spread the wonderful news.  The remaining villager
asked, "What did the King say to you?"  "What he said -- and quite distinctly,
for everyone to hear -- was 'Get out of my way!'" The simpleton was overjoyed;
he had heard words actually spoken by the King, and seen the very man they
were spoken to.


I would like to electrocute everyone who uses the word "fair" in connection
with income tax policies.
		-- William F. Buckley


The right to be let alone is indeed the beginning of all freedom.
		-- Justice Douglas


"It's always the same," the girl sighed to her roommate after returning
in the wee, small hours.  "Afterward, I feel so compromised, so cheap, so
soiled... so absolutely wonderful from head to toe!"


	"The best thing for being sad," replied Merlin, beginning to puff
and blow, "is to learn something.  That's the only thing that never fails.
You may grow old and trembling in your anatomies, you may lie awake at
night listening to the disorder of your veins, you may miss your only love,
you may see the world about you devastated by evil lunatics, or know your
honour trampled in the sewers of baser minds. There is only one thing for
it then -- to learn.  Learn why the world wags and what wags it.  That is
the only thing which the mind can never exhaust, never alienate, never be
tortured by, never fear or distrust, and never dream of regretting.  Learning
is the only thing for you.  Look what a lot of things there are to learn."
		-- T. H. White, "The Once and Future King"


Q:	How do you hide an elephant in a cherry tree?
A:	Paint his balls red and his toenails green.

Q:	Ever see an elephant in a cherry tree?
A:	No -- so it must work pretty well!

Q:	How did Tarzan die?
A:	Picking cherries!!!


With all the talent around, it's sort of
amazing that a woman could be up here with us.
		-- Ralph Kiner, on introducing an award winner


Why marry a virgin?  If she wasn't good enough for the rest of them
then she isn't good enough for you.


BEWARE!  People acting under the influence of human nature.


May all the girls you fall in love with fall in love with girls themselves.


Hear about...
	the Eskimo girl who spent the night with her boyfriend and
	next morning found she was six months pregnant?


The government was contemplating the dispatch of an expedition to Burma,
with a view to taking Rangoon, and a question arose as to who would be the
fittest general to be sent in command of the expedition.  The Cabinet sent
for the Duke of Wellington, and asked his advice.  He instantly replied,
"Send Lord Combermere."
	"But we have always understood that your Grace thought Lord
Combermere a fool."
	"So he is a fool, and a damned fool; but he can take Rangoon."
		-- G. W. E. Russell


The fountain code has been tightened slightly so you can no longer dip
objects into a fountain or drink from one while you are floating in mid-air
due to levitation.
	Teleporting to hell via a teleportation trap will no longer occur
if the character does not have fire resistance.
		-- README file from the NetHack game


Price's Advice:
	It's all a game -- play it to have fun.


Class: when they're running you out of town, to look like you're
leading the parade.
		-- Bill Battie


... computer hardware progress is so fast.  No other technology since
civilization began has seen six orders of magnitude in performance-price
gain in 30 years.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr.


The greatest griefs are those we cause ourselves.
		-- Sophocles


Remembering is for those who have forgotten.
		-- Chinese proverb


The Army is a place where you get up early in the morning to be yelled
at by people with short haircuts and tiny brains.
		-- Dave Barry


It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle if it is
lightly greased.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"


Anything more than three shakes is for fun.


When the speaker and he to whom he is speaking do not understand, that is
metaphysics.
		-- Voltaire


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(19) Regardless of the pain in our memories, nostalgia only reminds us
     of the good times in our past.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Humorists always sit at the children's table.
		-- Woody Allen


Said the attractive, cigar-smoking housewife to her girl-friend: "I
got started one night when George came home and found one burning in
the ashtray."


I'm not a lovable man.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


The rule on staying alive as a forecaster is to give 'em a number or
give 'em a date, but never give 'em both at once.
		-- Jane Bryant Quinn


Knowledge Engineering:

A combination of:

Engineering, n.:
	The application of science and mathematics by which the properties
of matter and the sources of energy in nature are made useful to man in
structures, machines, products, systems and processes.

and

Knowledge, n.:
	Sexual intercourse.

See also: Prostitution, Grantsmanship.


GOD:
	Darwin's chief rival.


Groundhog Day has been observed only once in Los Angeles because when the
groundhog came out of its hole, it was killed by a mudslide.
		-- Johnny Carson


The course of true anything never does run smooth.
		-- Samuel Butler


If God had wanted us to be concerned for the plight of the toads, he would
have made them cute and furry.
		-- Dave Barry


A gleekzorp without a tornpee is like
a quop without a fertsneet (sort of).


Counting in binary is just like counting
in decimal -- if you are all thumbs.
		-- Glaser and Way


Life is like an analogy.


I don't mind going nowhere as long as it's an interesting path.
		-- Ronald Mabbitt


Every why hath a wherefore.
		-- William Shakespeare, "A Comedy of Errors"


It's amazing how nice people are to you when they know you're going away.
		-- Michael Arlen


Very few things happen at the right time, and the rest do not happen
at all.  The conscientious historian will correct these defects.
		-- Herodotus


Biz is better.


Among all savage beasts, none is found so harmful as woman.
		-- St. John Chrysostom (304-407)


Old McDonald had a farm,
E-I-E-I-O!
And on this farm he had some chicks,
E-I-E-I-O!
With a chick-chick here,
And a chick-chick there,
Here a chick,
There a chick,
Everywhere a chick-chick,
Old McDonald lost his farm
'Cause he had too many chicks!


Hewett's Observation:
	The rudeness of a bureaucrat is inversely proportional to his or
	her position in the governmental hierarchy and to the number of
	peers similarly engaged.


Sometimes I feel like I'm fading away,
Looking at me, I got nothin' to say.
Don't make me angry with the things games that you play,
Either light up or leave me alone.


It is much easier to suggest solutions
when you know nothing about the problem.


There are no emotional victims, only volunteers.


Misfortunes arrive on wings and leave on foot.


The absence of labels [in ECL] is probably a good thing.
		-- T. Cheatham


The Second Law of Thermodynamics:
	If you think things are in a mess now, just wait!
		-- Jim Warner


New Year's Eve is the time of year when a man most feels his
age, and his wife most often reminds him to act it.
		-- Webster's Unafraid Dictionary


Happiness is having a scratch for every itch.
		-- Ogden Nash


Don't stop to stomp ants when the elephants are stampeding.


You're not an alcoholic unless you go to the meetings.


If it pours before seven, it has rained by eleven.


PAIN:
	Sliding down a 50-foot razor blade into a bucket of alcohol.


Your password is pitifully obvious.


Rumour has it that the intrepid New Zealanders have finally discovered
two new uses for sheep.  Meat and wool.


For children, a woman.
For pleasure, a boy.
For sheer ecstasy, a melon.


When one burns one's bridges, what a very nice fire it makes.
		-- Dylan Thomas


You might get caught holding the bag.  Say she's your sister.


	A man from AI walked across the mountains to SAIL to see the Master,
Knuth.  When he arrived, the Master was nowhere to be found.  "Where is the
wise one named Knuth?" he asked a passing student.
	"Ah," said the student, "you have not heard. He has gone on a
pilgrimage across the mountains to the temple of AI to seek out new
disciples."
	Hearing this, the man was Enlightened.


You are never given a wish without also being given the
power to make it true.  You may have to work for it, however.
		-- R. Bach,
		   "Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul"


Never keep up with the Joneses. Drag them down to your level.
		-- Quentin Crisp


Mathematicians do it in groups.


I have learned
To spell hors d'oeuvres
Which still grates on
Some people's n'oeuvres.
		-- Warren Knox


A man is already halfway in love with any woman who listens to him.
		-- Brendan Francis


I've only got 12 cards.


Snow White has become a camera buff.  She spends hours and hours
shooting pictures of the seven dwarfs and their antics.  Then she
mails the exposed film to a cut rate photo service.  It takes weeks
for the developed film to arrive in the mail, but that is all right
with Snow White.  She clears the table, washes the dishes and sweeps
the floor, all the while singing "Someday my prints will come."


Ban the bomb.  Save the world for conventional warfare.


I'm successful because I'm lucky.
The harder I work, the luckier I get.


In West Union, Ohio, No married man can go flying without his spouse
along at any time, unless he has been married for more than 12 months.


Cops never say good-bye.  They're always hoping to see you again in the
line-up.
		-- Raymond Chandler


	The wise programmer is told about the Tao and follows it.  The average
programmer is told about the Tao and searches for it.  The foolish programmer
is told about the Tao and laughs at it.  If it were not for laughter, there
would be no Tao.
	The highest sounds are the hardest to hear.  Going forward is a way to
retreat.  Greater talent shows itself late in life.  Even a perfect program
still has bugs.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


George Washington was first in war, first in peace -- and the first to
have his birthday juggled to make a long weekend.
		-- Ashley Cooper


O!  If I were a fish
I'd lay hap'ly on my dish.
Yes, that's my one and only wish --
To be a fish!

For fish don't ever mish;
They needn't flush after they pish!
Yes, and life's just swish, swish, swish,
For all the fish!!!


Special tonight, the best toot in town at prices you won't believe!!
Also, the finest dope, brought all the way from Columbia by spirited
young adventurers.  All available tonight, as usual, in the graduate
students bullpen from 11: pm on, usual terms and conditions.
Faculty members especially welcome.


Welcome to boggle - do you want instructions?

D    G    G    O

O    Y    A    N

A    D    B    T

K    I    S    P
Enter words:
>


To hell with the Prime Directive;
Let's _K_I_L_L something!


British education is probably the best in the world, if you can survive
it.  If you can't there is nothing left for you but the diplomatic corps.
		-- Peter Ustinov


I have learned
To spell hors d'oeuvres
Which still grates on
Some people's n'oeuvres.
		-- Warren Knox


F. Scott Fitzgerald to Hemingway:
	"Ernest, the rich are different from us."
Hemingway:
	"Yes.  They have more money."


Today's weirdness is tomorrow's reason why.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


It's hard to think of you as the end
result of millions of years of evolution.


CAPRICORN (Dec 22 - Jan 19)
	Play your hunches.  This is a day when luck will play an important
	part in your life.  If you were smarter, you wouldn't need so much
	luck and you wouldn't be reading your horoscope, either.  You are
	a suspicious person, and it will occur to you that astrologers
	don't know what they're talking about any more than your Aunt Martha.


I suppose some of the variation between Boston drivers and the rest of the
country is due to the progressive Massachusetts Driver Education Manual which
I happen to have in my top desk drawer.  Some of the Tips for Better Driving
are worth considering, to wit:

[173.15b]:
	"When competing for a section of road or a parking space, remember
	that the vehicle in need of the most body work has the right-of-way."

[141.2a]:
	"Although it is altogether possible to fit a 6' car into a 6'
	parking space, it is hardly ever possible to fit a 6' car into
	a 5' parking space."

[105.31]:
	"Teenage drivers believe that they are immortal, and drive accordingly.
	Nevertheless, you should avoid the temptation to prove them wrong."


COMPLEX SYSTEM:
	One with real problems and imaginary profits.


You can't break eggs without making an omelet.


I am America's child, a spastic slogging on demented
limbs drooling I'll trade my PhD for a telephone voice.
		-- Burt Lanier Safford III, "An Obscured Radiance"


Bees are very busy souls
They have no time for birth controls
And that is why in times like these
There are so many Sons of Bees.


As long as I am mayor of this city [Jersey City, New Jersey] the great
industries are secure.  We hear about constitutional rights, free speech
and the free press.  Every time I hear these words I say to myself, "That
man is a Red, that man is a Communist".  You never hear a real American
talk like that.
		-- Frank Hague (1896-1956)


I despise the pleasure of pleasing people whom I despise.


A power so great, it can only be used for Good or Evil!
		-- The Firesign Theatre, "The Giant Rat of Sumatra"


So, you better watch out!
You better not cry!
You better not pout!
I'm telling you why,
Santa Claus is coming, to town.

He knows when you've been sleeping,
He know when you're awake.
He knows if you've been bad or good,
He has ties with the CIA.
So...


He wasn't much of an actor, he wasn't much of a Governor -- Hell, they
_H_A_D to make him President of the United States.  It's the only job he's
qualified for!
		-- Michael Cain


The grave's a fine and private place,
but none, I think, do there embrace.
		-- Andrew Marvell


Be careful when a loop exits to the same place from side and bottom.


Inglish Spocken Hier: some mangled translations

	Sign on a cathedral in Spain:
		It is forbidden to enter a woman, even a foreigner if
		dressed as a man.

	Above the entrance to a Cairo bar:
		Unaccompanied ladies not admitted unless with husband
		or similar.

	On a Bucharest elevator:

		The lift is being fixed for the next days.
		During that time we regret that you will be unbearable.

		-- Colin Bowles


Never commit yourself!  Let someone else commit you.


He who slings mud generally loses ground.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


Have you locked your file cabinet?


Basic Definitions of Science:
	If it's green or wiggles, it's biology.
	If it stinks, it's chemistry.
	If it doesn't work, it's physics.


QOTD:
	"Say, you look pretty athletic.  What say we put a pair of tennis
	shoes on you and run you into the wall?"


Adding features does not necessarily increase
functionality -- it just makes the manuals thicker.


		The Snack
Oh my God, screamed Mommy, You went and ate the Baby.

What baby? asked Daddy.  You know that's just the last of the leftover donkey.

Donkey, my ass! said Mommy with some sentience.  Do you think I don't
	recognize my own baby?  Why I can still see his little privates
	caught in the gap between your front teeth.  How many times have
	I told you to take only what's on the *top* two shelves of the freezer?

But there wasn't a thing to eat, cried Daddy.
	And am I not the master of my own?

Nothing to eat?
	What about the elephant testicles in aspic that I put up for you
	just last week in the ball jar?  Our very first baby, too, wailed
	Mommy, that I was saving for Christmas dinner.

Testicles, testicles, said Daddy.  A man gets tired of testicles.
		-- L.L. Zeiger


... "fire" does not matter, "earth" and "air" and "water" do not matter.
"I" do not matter.  No word matters.  But man forgets reality and remembers
words.  The more words he remembers, the cleverer do his fellows esteem him.
He looks upon the great transformations of the world, but he does not see
them as they were seen when man looked upon reality for the first time.
Their names come to his lips and he smiles as he tastes them, thinking he
knows them in the naming.
		-- Roger Zelazny, "Lord of Light"


Some points to remember [about animals]:

(1) Don't go to sleep under big animals, e.g., elephants, rhinoceri,
    hippopotamuses;
(2) Don't put animals with sharp teeth or poisonous fangs down the
    front of your clothes;
(3) Don't pat certain animals, e.g., crocodiles and scorpions or dogs
    you have just kicked.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


If a can of Alpo costs 38 cents, would it cost $2.50 in Dog Dollars?


Fame is a vapor; popularity an accident;
the only earthly certainty is oblivion.
		-- Mark Twain


Do you suffer painful elimination?
		-- Donald E. Knuth, "Structured Programming with Gotos"

Do you suffer painful recrimination?
		-- Nancy Boxer, "Structured Programming with Come-froms"

Do you suffer painful illumination?
		-- Isaac Newton, "Optics"

Do you suffer painful hallucination?
		-- Don Juan, cited by Carlos Casteneda


What use is magic if it can't save a unicorn?
		-- Peter S. Beagle, "The Last Unicorn"


Nearly every complex solution to a programming problem that I
have looked at carefully has turned out to be wrong.
		-- Brent Welch


Newspaper editors are men who separate the wheat from the chaff, and then
print the chaff.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient.
Don't believe a thing he tells you.


	A man goes to a tailor to try on a new custom-made suit.  The
first thing he notices is that the arms are too long.
	"No problem," says the tailor.  "Just bend them at the elbow
and hold them out in front of you.  See, now it's fine."
	"But the collar is up around my ears!"
	"It's nothing.  Just hunch your back up a little ... no, a
little more ... that's it."
	"But I'm stepping on my cuffs!"  the man cries in desperation.
	"Nu, bend you knees a little to take up the slack.  There you
go.  Look in the mirror -- the suit fits perfectly."
	So, twisted like a pretzel, the man lurches out onto the
street.  Reba and Florence see him go by.
	"Oh, look," says Reba, "that poor man!"
	"Yes," says Florence, "but what a beautiful suit."
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


Kern, v.:
	1. To pack type together as tightly as the kernels on an ear
	of corn.  2. In parts of Brooklyn and Queens, N.Y., a small,
	metal object used as part of the monetary system.


A would-be disciple came to Nasrudin's hut on the mountain-side.  Knowing
that every action of such an enlightened one is significant, the seeker
watched the teacher closely.  "Why do you blow on your hands?"  "To warm
myself in the cold."  Later, Nasrudin poured bowls of hot soup for himself
and the newcomer, and blew on his own.  "Why are you doing that, Master?"
"To cool the soup."  Unable to trust a man who uses the same process
to arrive at two different results -- hot and cold -- the disciple departed.


Promise her anything, but give her Exxon unleaded.


He walks as if balancing the family tree on his nose.


Toto, I have a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore.
		-- Judy Garland as Dorothy Gale, "The Wizard of Oz"


If continence causes neurosis
And intercourse causes thrombosis
	I'd rather expire
	Fulfilling desire
Than live in a state of psychosis.


Hollywood is where if you don't have happiness you send out for it.
		-- Rex Reed


According to convention there is a sweet and a bitter, a hot and a cold,
and according to convention, there is an order.  In truth, there are atoms
and a void.
		-- Democritus, 400 B.C.


Boss, n.:
	According to the Oxford English Dictionary, in the Middle Ages the
	words "boss" and "botch" were largely synonymous, except that boss,
	in addition to meaning "a supervisor of workers" also meant "an
	ornamental stud."


A certain bartender decided to try to get a few new customers into his bar
by starting a gimmick involving a horse.  His claim was that if anyone could
get the horse to laugh, he would give them drinks on the house.  The idea
worked well and business improved until one night a young man walked in and
whispered in the horse's ear.  The horse immediately burst into hysterical
laughter and the man won the contest.  The next night the same thing
happened: the man whispered in the horse's ear and the horse burst out
laughing.  The next night, the bartender decided to change the rules.  Now,
a person had to get the horse to cry in order to win the drinks on the
house.  Later on that night, the same guy came in and said "Can I take the
horse into the bathroom for a minute?  I promise I'll make him cry."  The
bartender agreed and sure enough, when the man came out leading the horse,
the horse was crying his eyes out.  The bartender could take it no more and
said, "How did you make him laugh the other two nights?"
	"I told him that my dick was bigger than his", replied the man.
	"How did you make him cry tonight?"
	"I proved it."


The net is like a vast sea of lutefisk with tiny dinosaur brains embedded
in it here and there. Any given spoonful will likely have an IQ of 1, but
occasional spoonfuls may have an IQ more than six times that!
		-- James "Kibo" Parry


Last night the power went out.  Good thing my camera had a flash....
The neighbors thought it was lightning in my house, so they called the cops.
		-- Steven Wright


Dreams are free, but there's a small charge for alterations.


Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love.
		-- Charlie Brown


Perhaps at fourteen every boy should be in love with some ideal woman to put
on a pedestal and worship.  As he grows up, of course, he will put her on
a pedestal the better to view her legs.
		-- Barry Norman, in "The Listener"


I was appalled by this story of the destruction of a member of a valued
endangered species.  It's all very well to celebrate the practicality of
pigs by ennobling the porcine sibling who constructed his home out of
bricks and mortar.  But to wantonly destroy a wolf, even one with an
excessive taste for porkers, is unconscionable in these ecologically
critical times when both man and his domestic beasts continue to maraud
the earth.
		Sylvia Kamerman, "Book Reviewing"


Commit the oldest sins the newest kind of ways.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


Some days you are the bug; some days you are the windshield.


Ben, why didn't you tell me?
		-- Luke Skywalker


CONSENT DECREE:
	A document in which a hapless company consents never to commit
	in the future whatever heinous violations of Federal law it
	never admitted to in the first place.


Q:	Where does virgin wool come from?
A:	Ugly sheep.


However, never daunted, I will cope with adversity
in my traditional manner... sulking and nausea.
		-- Tom K. Ryan


I don't see what's wrong with giving Bobby a little experience before
he starts to practice law.
		-- John F. Kennedy, upon appointing his brother
		   Attorney-General.


Marriage is the waste-paper basket of the emotions.


If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite
you.  This is the principal difference between a dog and a man.
		-- Mark Twain


I use technology in order to hate it more properly.
		-- Nam June Paik


People who are funny and smart and return phone calls get
much better press than people who are just funny and smart.
		-- Howard Simons, "The Washington Post"


Runners do it alone.


Anarchy may not be the best form of government, but it's better than no
government at all.


Help!  I'm a lesbian trapped in a gay man's body!
		-- Bisexuality, 101


November, n.:
	The eleventh twelfth of a weariness.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The sunlights differ, but there is only one darkness.
		-- Ursula K. LeGuin, "The Dispossessed"


Most people need some of their problems
to help take their mind off some of the others.


Your object is to save the world,
while still leading a pleasant life.


