There's just something I don't like about Virginia; the state.


Rebellion lay in his way, and he found it.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


Some of the greatest love affairs I've known have involved one actor,
unassisted.
		-- Wilson Mizner


Girls marry for love.  Boys marry because of a chronic irritation
that causes them to gravitate in the direction of objects with
certain curvilinear properties.
		-- Ashley Montagu


Before really embarking on a sizeable project, in particular before
starting the large investment of coding, try to kill the project
first.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, EWD1308


What awful irony is this?
We are as gods, but know it not.


You will have many recoverable tape errors.


QOTD:
	"It's been Monday all week today."


One seldom sees a monument to a committee.


He heard the snick of a rifle bolt and found himself peering down the muzzle
of a weapon held by a drunken liquor store owner -- "There's a conflict," he
said, "there's a conflict between land and people... the people have to go..."
		-- Stan Ridgeway, "Call of the West"


The most dangerous organization in America today is:

	a) The KKK
	b) The American Nazi Party
	c) The Delta Frequent Flyer Club


Perfect guest, n.:
	One who makes his host feel at home.


The Messiah will come.  There will be a resurrection of the dead -- all
the things that Jews believed in before they got so damn sophisticated.
		-- Rabbi Meir Kahane


Politics are almost as exciting as war, and quite as
dangerous.  In war, you can only be killed once.
		-- Winston Churchill


He who always plows a straight furrow is in a rut.


	"What do you give a man who has everything?" the pretty teenager
asked her mother.
	"Encouragement, dear," she replied.


Life is not for everyone.


Jesus Saves,
Moses Invests,
But only Buddha pays Dividends.


Son, someday a man is going to walk up to you with a deck of cards on which
the seal is not yet broken.  And he is going to offer to bet you that he can
make the Ace of Spades jump out of the deck and squirt cider in your ears.
But son, do not bet this man, for you will end up with an ear full of cider.
		-- Sky Masterson's Father


Don't worry about avoiding temptation -- as you grow older, it starts
avoiding you.
		-- The Old Farmer's Almanac


Simon's Law:
	Everything put together falls apart sooner or later.


A Law of Computer Programming:
	Make it possible for programmers to write in English
	and you will find that programmers cannot write in English.


Don't worry about people stealing your ideas.  If your ideas
are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.
		-- Howard Aiken


An economist is a man who would marry
Farrah Fawcett-Majors for her money.


The chains of marriage are so heavy that it takes two to carry them, and
sometimes three.
		-- Alexandre Dumas


We all dream of being the darling of everybody's darling.


Real programmers don't write in FORTRAN.  FORTRAN is for pipe stress
freaks and crystallography weenies.  FORTRAN is for wimp engineers who
wear white socks.


I have an existential map.  It has "You are here" written all over it.
		-- Steven Wright


Many people feel that they deserve some kind of
recognition for all the bad things they haven't done.


10.0 times 0.1 is hardly ever 1.0.


[Norm returns from the hospital.]

Coach:  What's up, Norm?
Norm:   Everything that's supposed to be.
		-- Cheers, Diane Meets Mom

Sam:	What's new, Normie?
Norm:	Terrorists, Sam.  They've taken over my stomach.
	They're demanding beer.
		-- Cheers, The Heart is a Lonely Snipehunter

Coach: What'll it be, Normie?
Norm:  Just the usual, Coach.  I'll have a froth of beer and a snorkel.
		-- Cheers, King of the Hill


If you remember the 60's, you weren't there.


UNION:
	A dues-paying club workers wield to strike management.


Couldn't we jury-rig the cat to act as an audio switch, and have it yell
at people to save their core images before logging them out?  I'm sure
the cattle prod would be effective in this regard.  In any case, a traverse
mounted iguana, while more perverted, gives better traction, not to mention
being easier to stake.


The very powerful and the very stupid have one thing in common.
Instead of altering their views to fit the facts, they alter the facts
to fit their views ... which can be very uncomfortable if you happen to
be one of the facts that needs altering.
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who: Face of Evil"


If you could get an erection, you would have no need for Emacs.


Don't be concerned, it will not harm you,
It's only me pursuing something I'm not sure of,
Across my dreams, with neptive wonder,
I chase the bright elusive butterfly of love.


Blessed is the man who, having nothing to say,
abstains from giving wordy evidence of the fact.
		-- George Eliot


Death before dishonor.
But neither before breakfast.


Nothing is rich but the inexhaustible wealth of nature.
She shows us only surfaces, but she is a million fathoms deep.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


The angry man always thinks he can do more than he can.
		-- Albertano of Brescia


Everything's great in this good old world;
(This is the stuff they can always use.)
God's in his heaven, the hill's dew-pearled;
(This will provide for baby's shoes.)
Hunger and War do not mean a thing;
Everything's rosy where'er we roam;
Hark, how the little birds gaily sing!
(This is what fetches the bacon home.)
		-- Dorothy Parker, "The Far Sighted Muse"


If the odds are a million to one against something
occurring, chances are 50-50 it will.


If a train station is a place where a train stops, what's a workstation?


LIBERAL:
	Someone too poor to be a capitalist and too rich to be a communist.


Q:	Why did Ted Kennedy report the accident 8 hours after Mary
		Jo Kopechne drowned?
A:	Do you have any idea how hard it is to dress a woman underwater?


Every country has the government it deserves.
		-- Joseph De Maistre


Nobody takes a bribe.  Of course at Christmas if you happen to hold out
your hat and somebody happens to put a little something in it, well, that's
different.
		-- New York City Police Commissioner (Ret.) William P.
		   O'Brien, instructions to the force.


Loneliness is a terrible price to pay for independence.


You should never wear your best trousers
when you go out to fight for freedom and liberty.
		-- Henrik Ibsen


Q:	Why do men marry women?
A:	You can't teach sheep to do housework.


His mind is like a steel trap: full of mice.
		-- Foghorn Leghorn


A lie is an abomination unto the Lord and a very present help in time of
trouble.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


He had heard that a certain whorehouse had a reputation for the bizarre.
So he drove to the place and, once inside, asked the Madam if she had anything
unusual for him to try.  "Things are pretty slow today," she said, "but I
do have one number you might enjoy."  She went on to describe a New Jersey
hen that had been trained to do blow jobs.
	"We've got her here, but only for the day."
	The visitor could hardly believe it, but he paid the fee and went
into a room with a hen.  After a frustrating hour of trying to force his
cock into the hen's mouth, he figured out that he was dealing with nothing
but a plain old chicken.  He left.  Thinking about it later, he decided
that he had had so much fun trying that he returned the few days later and
asked the Madam, "Do you have anything new today?"
	"Come this way," she said, and led him to a dark room where a group
of men were looking through a one-way mirror.  He saw that they were watching
a girl making it with a large doberman pinscher.
	"Wow!" he said to the man standing next to him.  "This is really
great!"
	The man replied, "Man, it ain't nothin'!  You shoulda been here
a week ago and seen the guy with the chicken!"


Attorney General Edwin Meese III explained why the Supreme Court's Miranda
decision (holding that subjects have a right to remain silent and have a
lawyer present during questioning) is unnecessary: "You don't have many
suspects who are innocent of a crime.  That's contradictory.  If a person
is innocent of a crime, then he is not a suspect."
		-- U.S. News and World Report, 10/14/85


Do your otters do the shimmy?
Do they like to shake their tails?
Do your wombats sleep in tophats?
Is your garden full of snails?


If they think you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical,
go crude.  I'm a very technical boy.  So I get as crude as possible.  These
days, though, you have to be pretty technical before you can even aspire
to crudeness...
		-- Johnny Mnemonic


The use of money is all the advantage there is to having money.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


He who enters his wife's dressing room is a philosopher or a fool.
		-- Honore de Balzac


It's really quite a simple choice: Life, Death, or Los Angeles.


There is a God, but He drinks.
		-- Blore


Oh, I have slipped the surly bonds of earth,
And danced the skies on laughter silvered wings;
Sunward I've climbed and joined the tumbling mirth
Of sun-split clouds and done a hundred things
You have not dreamed of --
Wheeled and soared and swung
High in the sunlit silence.
Hovering there
I've chased the shouting wind along and flung
My eager craft through footless halls of air.
Up, up along delirious, burning blue
I've topped the wind-swept heights with easy grace,
Where never lark, or even eagle flew;
And, while with silent, lifting mind I've trod
The high untrespassed sanctity of space,
Put out my hand, and touched the face of God.
		-- John Gillespie Magee, Jr., "High Flight"


LOVE:
	Love ties in a knot in the end of the rope.


ASS:
	The masculine of "lass".


In the beginning there was nothing.  And the Lord said "Let There Be Light!"
And still there was nothing, but at least now you could see it.


Baruch's Observation:
	If all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.


Oh, I don't blame Congress.  If I had $600 billion at my disposal, I'd
be irresponsible, too.
		-- Lichty & Wagner


Our problems are so serious that the best
way to talk about them is lightheartedly.


Democracy is the worst form of government except all those other
forms that have been tried from time to time.
		-- Winston Churchill


It has long been an article of our folklore that too much knowledge or skill,
or especially consummate expertise, is a bad thing.  It dehumanizes those who
achieve it, and makes difficult their commerce with just plain folks, in whom
good old common sense has not been obliterated by mere book learning or fancy
notions.  This popular delusion flourishes now more than ever, for we are all
infected with it in the schools, where educationists have elevated it from
folklore to Article of Belief.  It enhances their self-esteem and lightens
their labors by providing theoretical justification for deciding that
appreciation, or even simple awareness, is more to be prized than knowledge,
and relating (to self and others), more than skill, in which minimum
competence will be quite enough.
		-- The Underground Grammarian


One meets his destiny often on the road he takes to avoid it.


When my brain begins to reel from my
literary labors, I make an occasional cheese dip.
		-- Ignatius Reilly


If at first you fricassee, fry, fry again.


You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.


Economists can certainly disappoint you.  One said that the economy would
turn up by the last quarter.  Well, I'm down to mine and it hasn't.
		-- Robert Orben


Needs are a function of what other people have.


I think the Mormon prophet
Was a very funny man.
I wonder how his wives enjoyed
His Prophet Sharing Plan.


Ego sum ens omnipotens


Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.


The prettiest women are almost always the most
boring, and that is why some people feel there is no God.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


	Love's Drug

My love is like an iron wand
	That conks me on the head,
My love is like the valium
	That I take before my bed,
My love is like the pint of scotch
	That I drink when I be dry;
And I shall love thee still, my dear,
	Until my wife is wise.


System/3!  System/3!
See how it runs! See how it runs!
	Its monitor loses so totally!
	It runs all its programs in RPG!
	It's made by our favorite monopoly!
System/3!


Mary had a little lamb,
boy was the doctor surprised!


	There once was this swami who lived above a delicatessen.  Seems one
day he decided to stop in downstairs for some fresh liver.  Well, the owner
of the deli was a bit of a cheap-skate, and decided to pick up a little extra
change at his customer's expense.  Turning quietly to the counterman, he
whispered, "Weigh down upon the swami's liver!"


Toothpaste never hurts the taste of good scotch.


No group of professionals meets except to
conspire against the public at large.
		-- Mark Twain


Lisp hackers
	... do it in CARS.
	... do it with tail recursion.
	... first do it in the front, then do it in the back.
	... have DEFUN while doing it.
	... have Moby dicks.


Minnie Mouse is a slow maze learner.


Put cats in the coffee and mice in the tea!


