I love dogs, but I hate Chihuahuas.  A Chihuahua isn't a dog.
It's a rat with a thyroid problem.


Mickey Mouse wears a Spiro Agnew watch.


Oppernockity tunes but once.


Eureka!
		-- Archimedes


Procrastinators do it tomorrow.


I played lead guitar in a band called The Federal Duck, which is the
kind of name that was popular in the '60s as a result of controlled
substances being in widespread use.  Back then, there were no
restrictions, in terms of talent, on who could make an album, so we
made one, and it sounds like a group of people who have been given
powerful but unfamiliar instruments as a therapy for a degenerative
nerve disease.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Snake"


I would have you imagine, then, that there exists in the mind of man a block
of wax...  and that we remember and know what is imprinted as long as the
image lasts; but when the image is effaced, or cannot be taken, then we
forget or do not know.
		-- Plato, Dialogs, Theateus 191

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to image activation and termination.]


Mathematicians do it with a small, imaginary part.


No character, however upright, is a match for
constantly reiterated attacks, however false.
		-- Alexander Hamilton


The truth is rarely pure, and never simple.
		-- Oscar Wilde


It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you look playing the game.


Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel
a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


At these prices, I lose money -- but I make it up in volume.
		-- Peter G. Alaquon


Your program is sick!  Shoot it and put it out of its memory.


Interchangeable parts won't.


It's sweet to be remembered, but it's often cheaper to be forgotten.


1 + 1 = 3, for large values of 1.


God instructs the heart, not by ideas,
but by pains and contradictions.
		-- De Caussade


Once upon a time, when I was training to be a mathematician, a group of
us bright young students taking number theory discovered the names of the
smaller prime numbers.

2:  The Odd Prime --
	It's the only even prime, therefore is odd.  QED.
3:  The True Prime --
	Lewis Carroll: "If I tell you 3 times, it's true."
31: The Arbitrary Prime --
	Determined by unanimous unvote.  We needed an arbitrary prime in
	case the prof asked for one, and so had an election.  91 received
	the most votes (well, it *looks* prime) and 3+4i the next most.
	However, 31 was the only candidate to receive none at all.
41: The Female Prime --
	The polynomial X**2 - X + 41 is
	prime for integer values from 1 to 40.
43: The Male Prime - they form a prime pair.

Since the composite numbers are formed from primes, their qualities
are derived from those primes.  So, for instance, the number 6 is "odd
but true", while the powers of 2 are all extremely odd numbers.


The Great Bald Swamp Hedgehog:
	The Great Bald Swamp Hedgehog of Billericay displays, in
courtship, his single prickle and does impressions of Holiday Inn desk
clerks.  Since this means him standing motionless for enormous periods
of time he is often eaten in full display by The Great Bald Swamp
Hedgehog Eater.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL:		#14
	The Baby Ruth candy bar was not named after George Herman "The Babe"
Ruth, but after the oldest daughter of President Grover Cleveland.


TOTD (T-shirt Of The Day):
	I'm the person your mother warned you about.


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #41:

Q:  Now, Mrs. Johnson, how was your first marriage terminated?
A:  By death.
Q:  And by whose death was it terminated?


All this big deal about white collar crime -- what's WRONG with white collar
crime?  Who enjoys his job today?  You?  Me?  Anybody?  The only satisfying
part of any job is coffee break, lunch hour and quitting time.  Years ago
there was at least the hope of improvement -- eventual promotion -- more
important jobs to come.  Once you can be sold the myth that you may make
president of the company you'll hardly ever steal stamps.  But nobody
believes he's going to be president anymore.  The more people change jobs
the more they realize that there is a direct connection between working for
a living and total stupefying boredom.  So why NOT take revenge?  You're not
going to find ME knocking a guy because he pads an expense account and his
home stationery carries the company emblem.  Take away crime from the white
collar worker and you will rob him of his last vestige of job interest.
		-- J. Feiffer


Writing is turning one's worst moments into money.
		-- J. P. Donleavy


	"You mean, if you allow the master to be uncivil, to treat you
any old way he likes, and to insult your dignity, then he may deem you
fit to hear his view of things?"
	"Quite the contrary.  You must defend your integrity, assuming
you have integrity to defend.  But you must defend it nobly, not by
imitating his own low behavior.  If you are gentle where he is rough,
if you are polite where he is uncouth, then he will recognize you as
potentially worthy.  If he does not, then he is not a master, after all,
and you may feel free to kick his ass."
		-- Tom Robbins, "Jitterbug Perfume"


Life is a healthy respect for mother nature laced with greed.


So as your consumer electronics adviser, I am advising you to donate
your current VCR to a grate resident, who will laugh sardonically and
hurl it into a dumpster.  Then I want you to go out and purchase a vast
array of 8-millimeter video equipment.

... OK!  Got everything?  Well, *too bad, sucker*, because while you
were gone the electronics industry came up with an even newer format
that makes your 8-millimeter VCR look as technologically advanced as
toenail dirt.  This format is called "3.5 hectare" and it will not be
made available until it is outmoded, sometime early next week, by a
format called "Elroy", so *order yours now*.
		-- Dave Barry, "No Surrender in the Electronics
		   Revolution"


Every one says that politicians lie all the time, and that just isn't so!
But you do have to understand body language to know when they're lying and
when they aren't.

	When a politician rubs his nose, he isn't lying.
	When a politician tugs on his ear, he isn't lying.
	When a politician scratches his collar bone, he isn't lying.
	When his mouth starts moving, that's when he's lying!


Congratulations are in order for Tom Reid.

He says he just found out he is the winner of the 2021 Psychic of the
Year award.


There's always free cheese in a mousetrap.


Mad, adj.:
	Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Coitus upon a cadaver
Is the ultimate way you can have 'er.
	Her inanimate state
	Means a man needn't wait,
And eliminates all the palaver.


Nature to all things fixed the limits fit,
And wisely curbed proud man's pretending wit.
As on the land while here the ocean gains,
In other parts it leaves wide sandy plains;
Thus in the soul while memory prevails,
The solid power of understanding fails;
Where beams of warm imagination play,
The memory's soft figures melt away.
		-- Alexander Pope (on runtime bounds checking?)


It was all so different before everything changed.


I think there's a world market for about five computers.
		-- attr. Thomas J. Watson, Chairman of the Board, IBM (1943)


It is said an Eastern monarch once charged his wise men to invent him a
sentence to be ever in view, and which should be true and appropriate
in all times and situations.  They presented him the words: "And this,
too, shall pass away."
		-- Abraham Lincoln


I'd never join any club that would have the likes of me as a member.
		-- Groucho Marx


The woman hurried home from her doctor's appointment, devastated by the
medical report she had just received.  When her husband came in from work,
she told him, "Darling, the doctor said I have only twelve more hours to
live.  So I've decided I want to go to bed and make passionate love to you
throughout the night.  How does that sound, dearest?"
	"Hey, that's fine for *you*," replied the husband.  "You don't have
to get up in the morning!"


Look out for yourself -- or they'll pee on your grave.
		-- Louis B. Mayer

The reason so many people showed up at Louis B. Mayer's funeral
was because they wanted to make sure he was dead.
		-- Samuel Goldwyn


Bend over and take it like a man!


Audiophile, n.:
	Someone who listens to the equipment instead of the music.


SPINSTER:
	A bachelor's wife.


Two pirates are sitting in a seaside tavern, talking.  One of them has a
hook instead of a hand, and an eye patch.  The other pirate has a wooden
leg.  Over a few beers, they start to tell each other how they received their
injuries.
	"One day," says the first pirate, "we had pulled alongside a merchant
vessel and were boarding her.  I had my sword drawn when suddenly a man with
a saber caught me by surprise and cut my hand off.  So I had this hook put
on.  How did you lose your leg?"
	"From a broadside of grapeshot from an English military vessel, in a
terrific battle off the coast of France.  And how about your eye?"
	"Well, I don't really like to talk about it," said the first pirate.
	"Come on," says the second pirate.  "It doesn't matter after all
these years, does it?"
	"Oh, okay," says the first pirate.  "See, it's pretty embarrassing;
a seagull shit in my eye."
	"A seagull!?  I can see how that would hurt, but I don't see why
you would *lose* the eye..."
	"But," the first pirate says, "it was my first day with the hook."


Boston, n.:
	Ludwig van Beethoven being jeered by 50,000 sports fans for
finishing second in the Irish jig competition.


The idle man does not know what it is to enjoy rest.


You are a tower of strength in the office, but only so-so in bed.


Most people don't need a great deal of love
nearly so much as they need a steady supply.


Let us remember that ours is a nation of lawyers and order.


If you haven't enjoyed the material in the last few lectures then a career
in chartered accountancy beckons.
		-- Advice from the lecturer in the middle of the Stochastic
		   Systems course.


To Theodore Roosevelt:
	You are like the Wind and I like the Lion.  You form the Tempest.
The sand stings my eyes and the Ground is parched.  I roar in defiance but
you do not hear.  But between us there is a difference.  I, like the lion,
must remain in my place.  While you, like the wind, will never know yours.
		Mulay Hamid El Raisuli
		Lord of the Riff
		Sultan to the Berbers
		Last of the Barbary Pirates


When in panic, fear and doubt,
Drink in barrels, eat, and shout.


	A man was reading The Canterbury Tales one Saturday morning, when his
wife asked "What have you got there?"  Replied he, "Just my cup and Chaucer."


	The boss returned from lunch in a good mood and called the whole staff
in to listen to a couple of jokes he had picked up.  Everybody but one girl
laughed uproariously.  "What's the matter?" grumbled the boss. "Haven't you
got a sense of humor?"
	"I don't have to laugh," she said.  "I'm leaving Friday anyway.


The Feynman Problem-Solving Algorithm:
	(1) write down the problem.
	(2) think very hard.
	(3) write down the answer.
		-- Murray Gell-Mann


Politics is the ability to foretell what is going to happen tomorrow, next
week, next month and next year.  And to have the ability afterwards to
explain why it didn't happen.
		-- Winston Churchill


A man goes into a hospital for a routine appendectomy.  When he wakes up
from the anesthesia, he sees a large group of doctors gathered anxiously
around his bed.
	"What happened?" he asks worriedly.
	"Well," says one of the doctors, "there was a small clerical error,
and you got mixed-up with another patient.  Instead of an appendectomy, we
performed a sex-change operation.  Your penis has been removed and a vagina
has been crafted into place."
	"WHAT!!!" screams the man.  "That's horrible!  What am I going to
tell my wife?  Can't you reverse it?  This means I'm never going to experience
another erection!"
	"Well, you will, you *will*," reassures the doctor, "but it will, of
course, have to be someone else's."


I doubt, therefore I might be.


I've spent almost all of my life with highly intelligent men.  They're not
like other men.  Their spirit is great and stimulating.  They hate strife;
indeed they reject it.  Their inventive gifts are boundless.  They demand
devotion and obedience.  And a sense of humor.  I happily gave all of this.
I was lucky to be chosen and clever enough to understand them.
		-- Marlene Dietrich, on her friendship with Ernest Hemingway


I shall give a propagandist reason for starting the war, no matter whether
it is plausible or not.  The victor will not be asked afterwards whether
he told the truth or not.  When starting and waging war it is not right
that matters, but victory.
		-- Adolf Hitler


Every successful person has had failures
but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success.


UNION:
	A dues-paying club workers wield to strike management.


If reporters don't know that truth is plural, they ought to be lawyers.
		-- Tom Wicker


A widow is more sought after than an old maid of the same age.
		-- Addison


Washington [D.C.] is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm.
		-- John F. Kennedy


This quote is taken from the Diamondback, the University of Maryland
student newspaper, of Tuesday, 3/10/87.

	One disadvantage of the Univac system is that it does not use
	Unix, a recently developed program which translates from one
	computer language to another and has a built-in editing system
	which identifies errors in the original program.


Laissez Faire Economics is the theory that if
each acts like a vulture, all will end as doves.


This is Betty Frenel.  I don't know who to call but I can't reach my
Food-a-holics partner.  I'm at Vido's on my second pizza with sausage
and mushroom.  Jim, come and get me!


He who dares the wrong, acts right, that's how it happens!
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Whatever you want to do, you have to do something else first.


If you're going to break up with your old lady and you live in a small
town, make sure you don't break up at three in the morning.  Because you're
screwed -- there's nothing to do ... So make it about nine in the morning,
... bullshit around, worry her a little, then come back at seven in the
night.
		-- Lenny Bruce


The old man had lived all his life in a little house on the Vermont side of the
New Hampshire-Vermont border.  One day, the surveyors came to inform him that
they had just discovered that he lived in New Hampshire, not Vermont.
	"Thank heavens!" was his heartfelt reply.  "I don't think I could have
taken another one of those damned Vermont winters!"


You will soon forget this.


I think, therefore I am... I think.


	Human thinking can skip over a great deal, leap over small
misunderstandings, can contain ifs and buts in untroubled corners of
the mind. But the machine has no corners. Despite all the attempts to
see the computer as a brain, the machine has no foreground or
background. It can be programmed to behave as if it were working with
uncertainty, but -- underneath, at the code, at the circuits -- it
cannot simultaneously do something and withhold for later something that
remains unknown. In the painstaking working out of the specification,
line by code line, the programmer confronts an awful, inevitable truth:
The ways of human and machine understanding are disjunct.
		-- Ellen Ullman, "Close to the Machine"


No, I'm not interested in developing a powerful brain.  All I'm after is
just a mediocre brain, something like the president of American Telephone
and Telegraph Company.
		-- Alan Turing on the possibilities of a thinking
		   machine, 1943.


Colvard's Logical Premises:
	All probabilities are 50%.
Either a thing will happen or it won't.

Colvard's Unconscionable Commentary:
	This is especially true when
	dealing with someone you're attracted to.

Grelb's Commentary:
	Likelihoods, however, are 90% against you.


Remember folks.  Street lights timed for 35 MPH are also timed for 70 MPH.
		-- Jim Samuels


The best things in life are for a fee.


Many are called, few are chosen.
Fewer still get to do the choosing.


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #15

	"Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses."
	And while you're at it, throw in a couple of those Dallas
	Cowboy cheerleaders.


The owner of a large furniture store in the mid-west arrived in France on
a buying trip.  As he was checking into a hotel he struck up an acquaintance
with a beautiful young lady.  However, she only spoke French and he only spoke
English, so each couldn't understand a word the other spoke.  He took out a
pencil and a notebook and drew a picture of a coach.  She smiled, nodded her
head and they went for a ride in the park.  Later, he drew a picture of a
table in a restaurant with a question mark and she nodded, so they went to
dinner.  After dinner he sketched two dancers and she was delighted.  They
went to several nightclubs, drank champagne, danced and had a glorious
evening.  It had gotten quite late when she motioned for the pencil and drew
a picture of a four-poster bed.  He was dumbfounded, and to this day has
never been able to understand how she knew he was in the furniture business.


In these matters the only certainty is that there is nothing certain.
		-- Pliny the Elder


