What's the worst thing about being an atheist?
Noone to talk to when you're having an orgasm.


April is the cruelest month...
		-- Thomas Stearns Eliot


To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what
he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.


Ditat Deus.  (God enriches.)


Some of the management around here are the final proof that the Indians
fucked the buffalo.


If it's Tuesday, this must be someone else's fortune.


Real programmers don't draw flowcharts.  Flowcharts are, after all, the
illiterate's form of documentation.  Cavemen drew flowcharts; look how much
good it did them.


Nine-track tapes and seven-track tapes
And tapes without any tracks;
Stretchy tapes and snarley tapes
And tapes mixed up on the racks --
	Take hold of the tape
	And pull off the strip,
	And then you'll be sure
	Your tape drive will skip.

		-- Uncle Colonel's Cursory Rhymes


	"Surely you can't be serious."
	"I am serious, and don't call me Shirley."


Said a dainty young whore named Ms. Meggs,
"The men like to spread my two legs,
	Then slip in between,
	If you know what I mean,
And leave me the white of their eggs."


Cats, no less liquid than their shadows, offer no angles to the wind.


God, I ask for patience -- and I want it right now!


Other people don't give you orgasms; you have them, and they help you
cash them in.


Attempting to stop MySQL by buying companies around it is like trying
to kill a dolphin by drinking the ocean.
		-- Marten Mickos


Old musicians never die, they just decompose.


He who is intoxicated with wine will be sober again in the course of the
night, but he who is intoxicated by the cupbearer will not recover his
senses until the day of judgment.
		-- Saadi


When the fog came in on little cat feet last night, it left these little
muddy paw prints on the hood of my car.


Help me, I'm a prisoner in a Fortune cookie file!


Please forgive me if, in the heat of battle,
I sometimes forget which side I'm on.


A person forgives only when they are in the wrong.


Disclaimer: "These opinions are my own, though for a small fee they be
yours too."
		-- Dave Haynie


The climate of Bombay is such that its inhabitants have to live elsewhere.


Quickie, n.:
	A moment's piece.


If you didn't have to work so hard,
you'd have more time to be depressed.


Some people have no respect for age unless it's bottled.


Very few people do anything creative after the age of thirty-five.  The
reason is that very few people do anything creative before the age of
thirty-five.
		-- Joel Hildebrand


At twenty-six, Kate, though not promiscuous, had slept with most of the
decent men in public life.
		-- Renata Adler


If God had wanted people to give blow
jobs, he wouldn't have given them teeth.


Do not use that foreign word "ideals".  We have that excellent native
word "lies".
		-- Henrik Ibsen, "The Wild Duck"


He used to kiss her on her lips, but it's all over now.


The men sat sipping their tea in silence.  After a while the klutz said,
	"Life is like a bowl of sour cream."
	"Like a bowl of sour cream?" asked the other.  "Why?"
	"How should I know?  What am I, a philosopher?"


Silence can be the biggest lie of all.  We have a responsibility to speak
up; and whenever the occasion calls for it, we have a responsibility to
raise bloody hell.
		-- Herbert Block


Coffee without caffeine.  Beer without alcohol.  Milk without fat.
What's next?  Bridal suites with bunk beds?
		-- Orben's Current Comedy


	If I kiss you, that is a psychological interaction.
	On the other hand, if I hit you over the head with a brick,
that is also a psychological interaction.
	The difference is that one is friendly and the other is not
so friendly.
	The crucial point is if you can tell which is which.
		-- Dolph Sharp, "I'm O.K., You're Not So Hot"


When ev'rybody's tryin' to sleep,
I'm somewhere makin' my midnight creep.		Chorus:
In the mornin' the rooster crow,	I am a back door man,
Somethin' tells me I got to go.		I am a back door man,
					Well, the men don't know,
They take me to the doctor,		But the little girls understand.
	shot full of holes,
Nurse try to save a soul.
Killed her for murder first degree,
Judge what tried let the man go free.

Stand up, cop's wife cried, don't take him down,
Rather be dead six feet in the ground.
When you come home, you can eat pork and beans,
I eats more chicken than any man's seen.
		-- Willie Dixon, "Backdoor Man" (1961)


What is worth doing is worth the trouble of asking somebody to do it.


Life is not for everyone.


A woman can look both moral and exciting -- if she also looks as if it
were quite a struggle.
		-- Edna Ferber


Fortune's Guide to Freshman Notetaking:

WHEN THE PROFESSOR SAYS:			YOU WRITE:

Probably the greatest quality of the poetry	John Milton -- born 1608
of John Milton, who was born in 1608, is the
combination of beauty and power.  Few have
excelled him in the use of the English language,
or for that matter, in lucidity of verse form,
'Paradise Lost' being said to be the greatest
single poem ever written."

Current historians have come to			Most of the problems that now
doubt the complete advantageousness		face the United States are
of some of Roosevelt's policies...		directly traceable to the
						bungling and greed of President
						Roosevelt.

... it is possible that we simply do		Professor Mitchell is a
not understand the Russian viewpoint...		communist.


The Law of the Perversity of Nature:
	You cannot determine beforehand which side of the bread to butter.


... So this is a very confusing situation, and what makes it even worse
is, our standards keep changing.  Take Playboy magazine.  Back in the
1950s, when I started reading it strictly for the articles, Playboy was
considered just about the raciest thing around, even though all it ever
showed was women's breasts.  Granted, any given one of these breasts
would have provided adequate shelter for a family of four, but the
overall effect was no more explicit than many publications we think
nothing of today, such as Sports Illustrated's Annual Nipples Poking
Through Swimsuits Issue.
		-- Dave Barry, "Pornography"


One toke over the line, sweet Mary,
One toke over the line,
Sittin' downtown in a railway station,
One toke over the line.
Waitin' for the train that goes home,
Hopin' that the train is on time,
Sittin' downtown in a railway station,
One toke over the line.


Women wish to be loved without a why or a wherefore;
not because they are pretty, or good, or well-bred, or
graceful, or intelligent, but because they are themselves.
		-- Amiel


No one can put you down without your full cooperation.


Now's the time to have some big ideas
Now's the time to make some firm decisions
We saw the Buddha in a bar down south
Talking politics and nuclear fission
We see him and he's all washed up --
Moving on into the body of a beetle
Getting ready for a long long crawl
He ain't nothing -- he ain't nothing at all...

Death and Money make their point once more
In the shape of Philosophical assassins
Mark and Danny take the bus uptown
Deadly angels for reality and passion
Have the courage of the here and now
Don't taking nothing from the half-baked buddhas
When you think you got it paid in full
You got nothing -- you got nothing at all...
	We're on the road and we're gunning for the Buddha.
	We know his name and he mustn't get away.
	We're on the road and we're gunning for the Buddha.
	It would take one shot -- to blow him away...
		-- Shriekback, "Gunning for the Buddha"


When the weight of the paperwork equals the weight of the plane, the
plane will fly.
		-- Donald Douglas


Absinthe makes the tart grow fonder.


Rule of Creative Research:
	1) Never draw what you can copy.
	2) Never copy what you can trace.
	3) Never trace what you can cut out and paste down.


Breast Feeding should not be attempted by fathers with hairy chests,
since they can make the baby sneeze and give it wind.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


The correct way to punctuate a sentence that starts: "Of course it is
none of my business, but --" is to place a period after the word "but."
Don't use excessive force in supplying such a moron with a period.
Cutting his throat is only a momentary pleasure and is bound to get you
talked about.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"


The savior becomes the victim.


There are only two kinds of men -- the dead and the deadly.
		-- Helen Rowland


Men -- can't live with 'em, can't leave
'em by the curb when you're done.


Never be afraid to tell the world who you are.
		-- Anonymous


Yesterday upon the stair
I met a man who wasn't there.
He wasn't there again today --
I think he's from the CIA.


You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on.
		-- Dean Martin


So much food, and so little time!


Some rise by sin and some by virtue fall.


Democracy can learn some things from Communism: for example, when a
Communist politician is through, he is through.


The National Short-Sleeved Shirt Association says:
	Support your right to bare arms!


If it pours before seven, it has rained by eleven.


You know you're in trouble when...
(1)	You've been at work for an hour before you notice that your
		skirt is caught in your pantyhose.
(2)	Your blind date turns out to be your ex-wife.
(3)	Your income tax check bounces.
(4)	You put both contact lenses in the same eye.
(5)	Your wife says, "Good morning, Bill" and your name is George.
(6)	You wake up to the soothing sound of flowing water... the day
		after you bought a waterbed.
(7)	You go on your honeymoon to a remote little hotel and the desk
		clerk, bell hop, and manager have a "Welcome Back" party
		for your spouse.


I'm not even going to *bother* comparing C to BASIC or FORTRAN.
		-- L. Zolman, creator of BDS C


The days just prior to marriage are like a snappy introduction
to a tedious book.


A New Way of Taking Pills
	A physician one night in Wisconsin being disturbed by a burglar, and
having no ball or shot for his pistol, noiselessly loaded the weapon with
small, hard pills, and gave the intruder a "prescription" which he thinks
will go far towards curing the rascal of a very bad ailment.
		-- Nevada Morning Transcript, January 30, 1861


Mixed emotions:
	Watching your mother-in-law back off a cliff...
	in your brand new Mercedes.


FORTUNE REMEMBERS THE GREAT MOTHERS: #6

	"Johnny, if you fall and break your leg, don't come running to me!"
		-- Mrs. Emily Barstow, June 16, 1954


In the stands here I see a young couple who must be in love -- they're
kissing on every pitch.  He's kissing her on the strikes, and she's
kissing him on the balls.
		-- Harry Caray, a Chicago sportscaster


I am so optimistic about beef prices that I've just leased a pot roast
with an option to buy.


Maryel brought her bat into Exit once and started whacking people on
the dance floor.  Now everyone's doing it.  It's called grand slam
dancing.
		-- Ransford, Chicago Reader 10/7/83


Friendships last when each friend thinks he has a slight superiority
over the other.
		-- Honore de Balzac


Even a man who is pure at heart,
And says his prayers at night
Can become a wolf when the wolfbane blooms,
And the moon is full and bright.
		-- The Wolf Man, 1941


QOTD:
	"Just how much can I get away with and still go to heaven?"


There can be no twisted thought without a twisted molecule.
		-- R. W. Gerard


And I alone am returned to wag the tail.


One difference between a man and a machine
is that a machine is quiet when well oiled.


Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke


No discipline is ever requisite to force attendance upon
lectures which are really worth the attending.
		-- Adam Smith, "The Wealth of Nations"


It will be advantageous to cross the great stream ... the Dragon is on
the wing in the Sky ... the Great Man rouses himself to his Work.


Woody: What's happening, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  The question is, Woody, why is it happening to me?
		-- Cheers, Strange Bedfellows, Part 1

Woody: What's going down, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  My cheeks on this barstool.
		-- Cheers, Strange Bedfellows, Part 2

Woody:	Hey, Mr. Peterson, can I pour you a beer?
Norm:	Well, okay, Woody, but be sure to stop me at one. ...
	Eh, make that one-thirty.
		-- Cheers, Strange Bedfellows, Part 2


All I kin say is when you finds yo'self wanderin' in a peach orchard,
ya don't go lookin' for rutabagas.
		-- Kingfish


You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.


Don't drink when you drive -- you might hit a bump and spill it.


Have you ever really thought about there being a simple solution to
America's problems?  Why, we could solve all of our raw materials
difficulties, foreign complications etc. over a long weekend.  If we
got up early, early mind you, on Saturday, we could take over Mexico
by 10:00.  Panama and most of South America would be a bit more difficult,
but I believe we could do it by 6 or 7 that evening.  Turning our
attention northward, Canada would require most of Sunday morning.
General mopping up and execution of the civilian populations would take
up Sunday afternoon.  I just don't understand why Washington hasn't
thought of this...


"I thought that you said you were 20 years old!"
"As a programmer, yes," she replied,
"And you claimed to be very near two meters tall!"
"You said you were blonde, but you lied!"
Oh, she was a hacker and he was one, too,
They had so much in common, you'd say.
They exchanged jokes and poems, and clever new hacks,
And prompts that were cute or risque'.
He sent her a picture of his brother Sam,
She sent one from some past high school day,
And it might have gone on for the rest of their lives,
If they hadn't met in L.A.
"Your beard is an armpit," she said in disgust.
He answered, "Your armpit's a beard!"
And they chorused: "I think I could stand all the rest
If you were not so totally weird!"
If she had not said what he wanted to hear,
And he had not done just the same,
They'd have been far more honest, and never have met,
And would not have had fun with the game.
		-- Judith Schrier,
		   "Face to Face After Six Months of Electronic Mail"


(German philosopher) Georg Wilhelm Hegel, on his deathbed, complained, "Only
one man ever understood me."  He fell silent for a while and then added,
"And he didn't understand me."


I asked a teacher what the opposite of a miracle was and she, without
thinking, I assume, said it was an act of God.
			-- Terry Prachett (Daily Mail 21 june 2008)


We ... make the modern error of dignifying the Individual.  We do everything
we can to butter him up.  We give him a name, assure him that he has certain
inalienable rights, educate him, let him pass on his name to his brats and
when he dies we give him a special hole in the ground ... But after all, he's
only  a seed, a bloom and a withering stalk among pressing billions.  Your
Individual is a pretty disgusting, vain, lewd little bastard ... By God,
he has only one right guaranteed him in Nature, and that is the right to die
and stink to Heaven.
		-- Ross Lockridge, quoted in "Short Lives" by Katinka Matson


Sure, Reagan has promised to take senility tests.  But what if he
forgets?


A certain old cat had made his home in the alley behind Gabe's bar for some
time, subsisting on scraps and occasional handouts from the bartender.  One
evening, emboldened by hunger, the feline attempted to follow Gabe through
the back door.  Regrettably, only the his body had made it through when
the door slammed shut, severing the cat's tail at its base.  This proved too
much for the old creature, who looked sadly at Gabe and expired on the spot.
	Gabe put the carcass back out in the alley and went back to business.
The mandatory closing time arrived and Gabe was in the process of locking up
after the last customers had gone.  Approaching the back door he was startled
to see an apparition of the old cat mournfully holding its severed tail out,
silently pleading for Gabe to put the tail back on its corpse so that it could
go on to the kitty afterworld complete.
	Gabe shook his head sadly and said to the ghost, "I can't.  You know
the law -- no retailing spirits after 2:00 AM."


Had he and I but met
By some old ancient inn,		But ranged as infantry,
We should have sat us down to wet	And staring face to face,
Right many a nipperkin!			I shot at him as he at me,
					And killed him in his place.
I shot him dead because --
Because he was my foe,			He thought he'd 'list, perhaps,
Just so: my foe of course he was;	Off-hand-like -- just as I --
That's clear enough; although		Was out of work -- had sold his traps
					No other reason why.
Yes; quaint and curious war is!
You shoot a fellow down
You'd treat, if met where any bar is
Or help to half-a-crown.
		-- Thomas Hardy


You need only reflect that one of the best ways to get yourself a
reputation as a dangerous citizen these days is to go about repeating
the very phrases which our founding fathers used in the struggle for
independence.
		-- Charles A. Beard


If sarcasm were posted on Usenet, would anybody notice?
		-- James Nicoll


Those who have had no share in the good fortunes of the mighty
Often have a share in their misfortunes.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "The Caucasian Chalk Circle"


Quickie, n.:
	A moment's piece.


Support your local Search and Rescue unit -- get lost.


If you don't ride a camel to work, you ain't Sheeite.


A little Mexican boy comes home from school one day and says to his grand-
father, "Granddaddy, today my teacher said that Pancho Villa, the bandit
used to raid towns around here!  Did you ever know him?"
	"Do *I* know Pancho Villa?" exclaims the man.  "Why, boy, before
your father was born, I was riding into town on my horse.  Suddenly, from
behind the bushes leaped Pancho with his six-guns drawn!  He told me to get
down off the horse and to give him all my money.  Then, he told me to scoop
some manure from the ground and eat it!"
	"I refused at first, but Pancho had the guns, so I ate the shit.
And he started laughing so hard that it scared his horse into rearing up --
I grabbed the guns from his hands!  I said to Pancho, `Okay, Pancho, now
it's your turn -- you eat the shit!'  I had the guns, so he ate the shit.
	"And you ask me, child, if I know Pancho Villa, the bandit!  Why,
we had *lunch* together!"


	Split		1/4 bottle	.187 liters
	Half		1/2 bottle
	Bottle		750 milliliters
	Magnum		2 bottles	1.5 liters
	Jeroboam	4 bottles
	Rehoboam	6 bottles	Not available in the US
	Methuselah	8 bottles
	Salmanazar	12 bottles
	Balthazar	16 bottles
	Nebuchadnezzar	20 bottles	15 liters
	Sovereign	34 bottles	26 liters

	The Sovereign is a new bottle, made for the launching of the
largest cruise ship in the world.  The bottle alone cost 8,000 dollars
to produce and they only made 8 of them.
	Most of the funny names come from Biblical people.


If the government doesn't trust the people, why
doesn't it dissolve them and elect a new people?


You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.


Succumb to natural tendencies.  Be hateful and boring.


None of our men are "experts."  We have most unfortunately found it necessary
to get rid of a man as soon as he thinks himself an expert -- because no one
ever considers himself expert if he really knows his job.  A man who knows a
job sees so much more to be done than he has done, that he is always pressing
forward and never gives up an instant of thought to how good and how efficient
he is.  Thinking always ahead, thinking always of trying to do more, brings a
state of mind in which nothing is impossible. The moment one gets into the
"expert" state of mind a great number of things become impossible.
		-- From Henry Ford Sr., "My Life and Work"


The first myth of management is that it exists.  The second myth of
management is that success equals skill.
		-- Robert Heller


For those of you who have been unfortunate enough to never have tasted the
'Great Chieftain O' the Pudden Race' (i.e. haggis) here is an easy to follow
recipe which results in a dish remarkably similar to the above mentioned
protected species.
	Ingredients:
	  1 Sheep's Pluck (heart, lungs, liver) and bag
	  2 teacupsful toasted oatmeal
	  1 teaspoonful salt
	  8 oz. shredded suet
	  2 small onions
	1/2 teaspoonful black pepper

	Scrape and clean bag in cold, then warm, water.  Soak in salt water
overnight.  Wash pluck, then boil for 2 hours with windpipe draining over
the side of pot.  Retain 1 pint of stock.  Cut off windpipe, remove surplus
gristle, chop or mince heart and lungs, and grate best part of liver (about
half only).  Parboil and chop onions, mix all together with oatmeal, suet,
salt, pepper and stock to moisten.  Pack the mixture into bag, allowing for
swelling.  Boil for three hours, pricking regularly all over.  If bag not
available, steam in greased basin covered by greaseproof paper and cloth for
four to five hours.


Q:	How many pre-med's does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	Five:  One to change the bulb and four to pull the ladder
	out from under him.


You will always have friends
Some friends will peter out.
But I'll always be your friend,
Peter in or peter out.


What sin has not been committed in the name of efficiency?


Sleep -- the most beautiful experience in life -- except drink.
		-- W. C. Fields


Our problems are so serious that the best
way to talk about them is lightheartedly.


Divorce, n.:
	A change of wife.


Hell, n.:
	Truth seen too late.


Have you ever wondered what makes Californians so calm?  Besides drugs, I
mean.  The answer is hot tubs.  A hot tub is a redwood container filled with
water that you sit in naked with members of the opposite sex, none of whom
is necessarily your spouse.  After a few hours in their hot tubs, Californians
don't give a damn about earthquakes or mass murderers.  They don't give a
damn about anything, which is why they are able to produce "Laverne and
Shirley" week after week.
		-- Dave Barry


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(7) There is only one way to eliminate nuclear weapons. Use them.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Anything is possible, unless it's not.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #10

CARTABLANCA:
	Bogart stars as the owner of a North African nightclub that sells
	only Mexican beer.  Of course, this policy gets him into no end of
	trouble with the local French authorities who would really prefer
	wine and the occupying Germans who believe that only their beer is
	fit to be sold.  Wacky events ensue until the gripping climax in
	which the much-hated German beer distributor is drowned in a vat.


The function of the expert is not to be more right than other people,
but to be wrong for more sophisticated reasons.
		-- Dr. David Butler, British psephologist


Just a few of the perfect excuses for having some strawberry shortcake.
Pick one.

1:	It's less calories than two pieces of strawberry shortcake.
2:	It's cheaper than going to France.
3:	It neutralizes the brownies I had yesterday.
4:	Life is short.
5:	It's somebody's birthday.  I don't want them to celebrate alone.
6:	It matches my eyes.
7:	Whoever said, "Let them eat cake." must have been talking to me.
8:	To punish myself for eating dessert yesterday.
9:	Compensation for all the time I spend in the shower not eating.
10:	Strawberry shortcake is evil.  I must help rid the world of it.
11:	I'm getting weak from eating all that healthy stuff.
12:	It's the second anniversary of the night I ate plain broccoli.


Once, I read that a man be never stronger
than when he truly realizes how weak he is.
		-- Jim Starlin, "Captain Marvel #31"


Were there no women, men might live like gods.
		-- Thomas Dekker


Also, the Scots are said to have invented golf.  Then they had
to invent Scotch whiskey to take away the pain and frustration.


You should, without hesitation, pound your typewriter into a
plowshare, your paper into fertilizer, and enter agriculture.
		-- Business Professor, University of Georgia


Tertullian was born in Carthage somewhere about 160 A.D.  He was a
pagan, and he abandoned himself to the lascivious life of his city until
about his 35th year, when he became a Christian. [...]  To him is
ascribed the sublime confession: Credo quia absurdum est (I believe
because it is absurd).  This does not altogether accord with historical
fact, for he merely said: "And the Son of God died, which is immediately
credible because it is absurd.  And buried he rose again, which is
certain because it is impossible."  Thanks to the acuteness of his mind,
he saw through the poverty of philosophical and Gnostic knowledge, and
contemptuously rejected it.
		-- Carl G. Jung, "Psychological Types"
		   [Tertullian was one of the founders of the Catholic
		   Church.  Ed.]


I'd probably settle for a vampire if he were romantic enough.
Couldn't be any worse than some of the relationships I've had.
		-- Brenda Starr


Advertising Rule:
	In writing a patent-medicine advertisement, first convince the
	reader that he has the disease he is reading about; secondly,
	that it is curable.


The reason people sweat is so they won't catch fire when making love.
		-- Don Rose


Moneyliness is next to Godliness.
		-- Andries van Dam


Rich bachelors should be heavily taxed.  It is not fair that some men
should be happier than others.
		-- Oscar Wilde


I never said all Democrats were saloonkeepers;
what I said was all saloonkeepers were Democrats.


This fortune would be seven words long if it were six words shorter.


The Least Successful Equal Pay Advertisement
	In 1976 the European Economic Community pointed out to the Irish
Government that it had not yet implemented the agreed sex equality
legislation.  The Dublin Government immediately advertised for an equal pay
enforcement officer.  The advertisement offered different salary scales for
men and women.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Data is not information;
Information is not knowledge;
Knowledge is not wisdom;
		-- Gary Flake


Don't tell any big lies today.  Small ones can be just as effective.


XLI:
	The more one produces, the less one gets.
XLII:
	Simple systems are not feasible because they require infinite testing.
XLIII:
	Hardware works best when it matters the least.
XLIV:
	Aircraft flight in the 21st century will always be in a westerly
	direction, preferably supersonic, crossing time zones to provide the
	additional hours needed to fix the broken electronics.
XLV:
	One should expect that the expected can be prevented, but the
	unexpected should have been expected.
XLVI:
	A billion saved is a billion earned.
		-- Norman Augustine


Sex is the mathematics urge sublimated.
		-- M. C. Reed


You attempt things that you do not even plan
because of your extreme stupidity.


The difference between science and the fuzzy subjects is that science
requires reasoning while those other subjects merely require scholarship.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


What does it take for Americans to do great things; to go to the moon, to
win wars, to dig canals linking oceans, to build railroads across a continent?
In independent thought about this question, Neil Armstrong and I concluded
that it takes a coincidence of four conditions, or in Neil's view, the
simultaneous peaking of four of the many cycles of American life.  First, a
base of technology must exist from which to do the thing to be done.  Second,
a period of national uneasiness about America's place in the scheme of human
activities must exist.  Third, some catalytic event must occur that focuses
the national attention upon the direction to proceed.  Finally, an articulate
and wise leader must sense these first three conditions and put forth with
words and action the great thing to be accomplished.  The motivation of young
Americans to do what needs to be done flows from such a coincidence of
conditions. ...  The Thomas Jeffersons, The Teddy Roosevelts, The John
Kennedys appear.  We must begin to create the tools of leadership which they,
and their young frontiersmen, will require to lead us onward and upward.
		-- Dr. Harrison H. Schmidt


Without love intelligence is dangerous;
without intelligence love is not enough.
		-- Ashley Montagu


Measure twice, cut once.


There are three kinds of people: men, women, and unix.


Campus sidewalks never exist as the straightest line between two
points.
		-- M. M. Johnston


A squeegee by any other name wouldn't sound as funny.


Lend money to a bad debtor and he will hate you.


All snakes who wish to remain in Ireland will please raise their right hands.
		-- Saint Patrick


Remember Darwin; building a better
mousetrap merely results in smarter mice.


I do hate sums.  There is no greater mistake than to call arithmetic an
exact science.  There are permutations and aberrations discernible to
minds entirely noble like mine; subtle variations which ordinary
accountants fail to discover; hidden laws of number which it requires a
mind like mine to perceive.  For instance, if you add a sum from the
bottom up, and then again from the top down, the result is always
different.
		-- Mrs. La Touche (19th cent.)


You will wish you hadn't.


	A domineering man married a mere wisp of a girl.  He came back from
his honeymoon a chastened man.  He'd become aware of the will of the wisp.


I never vote for anyone.  I always vote against.
		-- W. C. Fields


That reminds me of a friend of mine who went north to work on the Alaskan
pipeline.  Before he went up there, he was just a skinny little runt.  When
he got back, he was a husky fucker.


Systems programmer:
	A person in sandals who has been in the elevator with the senior
	vice president and is ultimately responsible for a phone call you
	are to receive from your boss.


The nice thing about egotists is that they don't talk about other people.
		-- Lucille S. Harper


In these matters the only certainty is that there is nothing certain.
		-- Pliny the Elder


Having wandered helplessly into a blinding snowstorm Sam was greatly
relieved to see a sturdy Saint Bernard dog bounding toward him with
the traditional keg of brandy strapped to his collar.
	"At last," cried Sam, "man's best friend -- and a great big
dog, too!"


Picking up a man in a bar is like a snowstorm, you never know when
he's coming, how many inches you'll get or how long he'll stay.


There is no better way of exercising the imagination than the study of law.
No poet ever interpreted nature as freely as a lawyer interprets truth.
		-- Jean Giraudoux, "Tiger at the Gates"


Sherry [Thomas Sheridan] is dull, naturally dull; but it must have taken
him a great deal of pains to become what we now see him.  Such an excess
of stupidity, sir, is not in Nature.
		-- Samuel Johnson


Civilization and profits go hand in hand.
		-- Calvin Coolidge


I respect faith, but doubt is what gives you an education.
		-- Wilson Mizner


Help a swallow land at Capistrano.


