All of us should treasure his Oriental wisdom and his preaching of a
Zen-like detachment, as exemplified by his constant reminder to clerks,
tellers, or others who grew excited by his presence in their banks:
"Just lie down on the floor and keep calm."
		-- Robert Wilson, "John Dillinger Died for You"


Have you reconsidered a computer career?


This is the Baron.  Angel Martin tells me you buy information.  Ok,
meet me at one a.m. behind the bus depot, bring five-hundred dollars
and come alone.  I'm serious!


Whoever named it "necking" was a poor judge of anatomy.
		-- Groucho Marx


Cecil, you're my final hope
Of finding out the true Straight Dope
For I have been reading of Schrodinger's cat
But none of my cats are at all like that.
This unusual animal (so it is said)
Is simultaneously alive and dead!
What I don't understand is just why he
Can't be one or the other, unquestionably.
My future now hangs in between eigenstates.
In one I'm enlightened, in the other I ain't.
If *you* understand, Cecil, then show me the way
And rescue my psyche from quantum decay.
But if this queer thing has perplexed even you,
Then I will *_a_n_d* I won't see you in Schrodinger's zoo.
		-- Randy F., Chicago, "The Straight Dope, a compendium
		   of human knowledge" by Cecil Adams


I have never understood this liking for war.  It panders to instincts
already catered for within the scope of any respectable domestic
establishment.
		-- Alan Bennett


Boy, n.:
	A noise with dirt on it.


Black shiny mollies and bright colored guppies,
Shy little angels as gentle as puppies,
Swimming and diving with scarcely a swish,
They were just some of my tropical fish.

Then I got mantas that sting in the water,
Deadly piranhas that itch for a slaughter,
Savage male betas that bite with a squish,
Now I have many less tropical fish.

	If you think that
	Fish are peaceful
	That's an empty wish.
	Just dump them together
	And leave them alone,
	And soon you will have -- no fish.
		-- To My Favorite Things


Slurm, n.:
	The slime that accumulates on the underside of a soap bar when
	it sits in the dish too long.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Love conquers all things; let us too surrender to love.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)


A New Way of Taking Pills
	A physician one night in Wisconsin being disturbed by a burglar, and
having no ball or shot for his pistol, noiselessly loaded the weapon with
small, hard pills, and gave the intruder a "prescription" which he thinks
will go far towards curing the rascal of a very bad ailment.
		-- Nevada Morning Transcript, January 30, 1861


Blackout, heatwave, .44 caliber homicide,
The bums drop dead and the dogs go mad in packs on the West Side,
A young girl standing on a ledge, looks like another suicide,
She wants to hit those bricks,
	'cause the news at six got to stick to a deadline,
While the millionaires hide in Beekman place,
The bag ladies throw their bones in my face,
I get attacked by a kid with stereo sound,
I don't want to hear it but he won't turn it down...
		-- Billy Joel, "Glass Houses"


I'd horsewhip you if I had a horse.
		-- Groucho Marx


Here I am, fifty-eight, and I still don't know what I want to be when
I grow up.
		-- Peter Drucker


One by one the vice-presidents of a large corporation were called into the
boss's office.  Then the junior executives were individually summoned.
Finally the office boy was brought in.
	"I want the truth, Charles," the boss bellowed.  "Have you been
playing around with my secretary?"
	"N-no, sir," the office boy stammered.  "I-I'd never do anything
like that, sir."
	"All right, all right," sighed the boss, "then you fire her."


The pitcher wound up and he flang the ball at the batter.  The batter swang
and missed.  The pitcher flang the ball again and this time the batter
connected.  He hit a high fly right to the center fielder. The center
fielder was all set to catch the ball, but at the last minute his eyes were
blound by the sun and he dropped it.
		-- Dizzy Dean


Our houseplants have a good sense of humous.


	A man sank into the psychiatrist's couch and said, "I have a
terrible problem, Doctor.  I have a son at Harvard and another son at
Princeton; I've just gifted each of them with a new Ferrari; I've got
homes in Beverly Hills, Palm Beach, and a co-op in New York; and I've
got a thriving ranch in Venezuela.  My wife is a gorgeous young actress
who considers my two mistresses to be her best friends."
	The psychiatrist looked at the patient, confused.  "Did I miss
something?  It sounds to me like you have no problems at all."
	"But, Doctor, I only make $175 a week."


The wise man seeks everything in himself;
the ignorant man tries to get everything from somebody else.


Basic is a high level languish.
APL is a high level anguish.


Woodward's Law:
	A theory is better than its explanation.


Even a hawk is an eagle among crows.


Mrs. Kelly is partial to cocks;
Mr. Kelly likes rye on the rocks.
	When he's under the weather
	They can't get together,
So others get into her box.


Violence is a sword that has no handle -- you have to hold the blade.


The streets were dark with something more than night.
		-- Raymond Chandler


A Galileo could no more be elected president of the United States than
he could be elected Pope of Rome.  Both high posts are reserved for men
favored by God with an extraordinary genius for swathing the bitter
facts of life in bandages of self-illusion.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Dear Emily:
	I saw a long article that I wish to rebut carefully, what should
I do?
		-- Angry

Dear Angry:
	Include the entire text with your article, and include your comments
between the lines.  Be sure to post, and not mail, even though your article
looks like a reply to the original.  Everybody *loves* to read those long
point-by-point debates, especially when they evolve into name-calling and
lots of "Is too!" -- "Is not!" -- "Is too, twizot!" exchanges.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette


Ink, n.:
	A villainous compound of tannogallate of iron, gum-arabic, and
	water, chiefly used to facilitate the infection of idiocy and
	promote intellectual crime.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


America's best buy for a quarter is a telephone call to the right person.


	A man was just settling down into his seat for a cross-country
flight when he noticed a beautiful woman sitting next to him, wearing a
large button with the letters "NAA" on it.
	"What's that?" he asked, pointing to her button.
	"Nymphomaniacs Association of America" she replied.
	After a moments thought he said, "Well, if you wouldn't mind my
asking, but I've always wanted to know, who are the best, ummm, `endowed'
men?"
	"Well, it's not what you think.  Native Americans.  They're better
hung than *anybody*."
	"And is it true that the French are the best lovers?"
	"No, Jewish men.  Once you finally get them going they can last
all night.  By the way, my name is Sue.  What's yours?"
	"Running Bear Sheldon."


Q:	What's black and white and red all over and can't go through
	revolving doors?
A:	A nun with a javelin through her head.


You can always tell luck from ability by its duration.


If you don't ride a camel to work, you ain't Sheeite.


He who hesitates is last.


Did you know that there are 71.9 acres of nipple tissue in the U.S.?


Have you heard of those trollops of Birmingham
And the scandal that's currently concerning'em?
	How they lift the frock
	And tickle the cock
Of the bishop while he was confirming 'em?


If a camel is a horse designed by a committee, then a consensus forecast
is a camel's behind.
		-- Edgar R. Fiedler


Artificial intelligence has the same relation to intelligence as
artificial flowers have to flowers.
		-- David Parnas


Q:	What's the difference between a cocker spaniel and a doberman
	pinscher humping your leg?
A:	You let the doberman finish.


When I look at the horse heads and men's faces, the immense
live torrent once raised by my will and now whirling to
nowhere through the red sunset desert, I often wonder where
I am in this torrent.
		-- Chinggis (Genghis) Khan


If people say that here and there someone has been taken away and maltreated,
I can only reply: You can't make an omelette without breaking eggs.
		-- Hermann Goering


It may be bad manners to talk with your mouth full, but it isn't too
good either if you speak when your head is empty.


	One night when his charge was pretty high, Micro-Farad decided to
seek out a cute little coil to let him discharge.  He picked up Milli-Amp
and took her for a ride on his Megacycle.  They rode across the Wheatstone
bridge, around the sine waves, and stopped in the magnetic field by the
flowing current.  Micro-Farad, attracted by Milli-Amp's characteristic curves,
soon had her fully charged and excited, her resistance to a minimum.  He laid
her on the ground potential, raised her frequency, and lowered her reluctance.
He pulled out his high voltage probe and inserted it into her socket,
connecting them in parallel and began short circuiting her resistance shunt.
Fully excited, Milli-Amp mumbled:  "OHM-OHM-OHM."
	With his tube operating at a maximum and her field vibrating with
his current flow, it caused her shunt to overheat, and Micro-Farad was rapidly
discharged and drained of every electron.  They Fluxed all night trying
various connections and sockets until his magnet had a soft core and lost
all of its field strength.
	Afterwards, Milli-Amp tried self-induction and damaged her solenoids.
With his battery fully discharged, Micro-Farad was unable to excite his field,
so they spent the night reversing polarity and blowing each others fuses.
		-- Eddie Currents, "The Sex Life of an Electron"


Marriage is a romance in which the hero dies in the first chapter.


After the last of 16 mounting screws has been removed from an access
cover, it will be discovered that the wrong access cover has been removed.


One Bell System - it sometimes works.


The moyel who treated young Alec
Was cross-eyed and hydrocephalic.
	Presented the child
	His aim was so wild
He rendered the poor boy biphallic.


Sexual enlightenment is justified insofar as girls cannot learn too soon
how children do not come into the world.
		-- Karl Kraus


If value corrupts then absolute value corrupts absolutely.


All art is but imitation of nature.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca


The best way to keep your friends is not to give them away.


A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
		-- Gloria Steinem


I get my exercise acting as pallbearer to my friends who exercise.
		-- Chauncey Depew


Mummy dust to make me old;
To shroud my clothes, the black of night;
To age my voice, an old hag's cackle;
To whiten my hair, a scream of fright;
A blast of wind to fan my hate;
A thunderbolt to mix it well --
Now begin thy magic spell!
		-- The Evil Queen, "Snow White"


I'm returning this note to you, instead of your paper, because it
(your paper) presently occupies the bottom of my bird cage.
		-- English Professor, Providence College


Mental things which have not gone in through the
senses are vain and bring forth no truth except detrimental.
		-- Leonardo


	It is a profoundly erroneous truism, repeated by all copy-books and
by eminent people when they are making speeches, that we should cultivate
the habit of thinking about what we are doing.  The precise opposite is the
case.  Civilization advances by extending the numbers of important operations
which we can perform without thinking about them.  Operations of thought are
like cavalry charges in battle -- they are strictly limited in number, they
require fresh horses, and must only be made at decisive moments.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead


Finster's Law:
A closed mouth gathers no feet.


You can't start worrying about what's going to happen.
You get spastic enough worrying about what's happening now.
		-- Lauren Bacall


A group of scientists discovered an apelike creature in the jungle, which
they hoped would prove to be the missing link.  The proof of their theory,
however, required that a human mate with the animal so that they could see
what characteristics the offspring would assume.  Needing volunteers, the
scientists placed an ad in the paper: "$5000 to mate with ape."
	Almost immediately, they received response from a man who said he
would be willing to take part in the experiment, with three conditions.
	"First," he said, "my wife must never know.  Second, any children
must be baptized.  And, third, I'd have to pay in installments."


Depart in pieces, i.e., split.


Everyone hates me because I'm paranoid.


If an S and an I and an O and a U
With an X at the end spell Su;
And an E and a Y and an E spell I,
Pray what is a speller to do?
Then, if also an S and an I and a G
And an HED spell side,
There's nothing much left for a speller to do
But to go commit siouxeyesighed.
		-- Charles Follen Adams, "An Orthographic Lament"


Oppernockity tunes but once.


Ban the bomb.  Save the world for conventional warfare.


Illegitimi non carborundum
(translation: no carbonated drinks allowed.)


Kitchen activity is highlighted.
Butter up a friend.


Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold.


	Ever thought of putting a ferret down your pants?  Yes, ferrets,
those weasel-like animals originally trained to hunt rats and possessing
needle sharp claws and razor sharp teeth.  The English do it for sport.
	Ferret Legging involves the tying of a competitor's trousers at
the ankles and then dropping into the trousers a couple of vicious ferrets.
No jockstraps or underwear allowed -- nothing but the bodies' own.  The
ferrets must be young and in good condition.  Neither the ferret or the
contestant may be drugged or drunk -- cold eyed sober only.  The trousers
should be loose fitting, to allow the ferret to scramble from one leg to
the other, and are traditionally white, so that the blood shows better.
	Normal contestants are able to keep them down for up to 40 seconds.
The champion ferret legger, Reg Mellor, of Yorkshire, holds the world record
of 5 hours and 26 minutes.  Mr. Mellor's claims that being the champion is
not so much heroism but, "You just got to be able to have your tool bitten
and not care."


After his legs had been broken in an accident, Mr. Miller sued for damages,
claiming that he was crippled and would have to spend the rest of his life
in a wheelchair.  Although the insurance-company doctor testified that his
bones had healed properly and that he was fully capable of walking, the
judge decided for the plaintiff and awarded him $500,000.
	When he was wheeled into the insurance office to collect his check,
Miller was confronted by several executives.  "You're not getting away with
this, Miller," one said.  "We're going to watch you day and night.  If you
take a single step, you'll not only repay the damages but stand trial for
perjury.  Here's the money.  What do you intend to do with it?"
	"My wife and I are going to travel," Miller replied.  "We'll go to
Stockholm, Berlin, Rome, Athens and, finally, to a place called Lourdes --
where, gentlemen, you'll see yourselves one hell of a miracle."


Nothing is rich but the inexhaustible wealth of nature.
She shows us only surfaces, but she is a million fathoms deep.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Kent's Heuristic:
	Look for it first where you'd most like to find it.


One girl can be pretty -- but a dozen are only a chorus.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald, "The Last Tycoon"


Some don't prefer the pursuit of happiness to the happiness of pursuit.


Dibble's First Law of Sociology:
	Some do, some don't.


Most people's favorite way to end a game is by winning.


Man is the measure of all things.
		-- Protagoras


A [golf] ball hitting a tree shall be deemed not to have hit the tree.
Hitting a tree is simply bad luck and has no place in a scientific game.
The player should estimate the distance the ball would have traveled if it
had not hit the tree and play the ball from there, preferably atop a nice
firm tuft of grass.
		-- Donald A. Metz


The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice
and tragedy.  What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the
master calls a butterfly.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


A cloud does not know why it moves in just such a direction and at such
a speed, if feels an impulsion... this is the place to go now.  But the
sky knows the reasons and the patterns behind all clouds, and you will
know, too, when you lift yourself high enough to see beyond horizons.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


MESSAGE ACKNOWLEDGED -- The Pershing II missiles have been launched.


We are going to have peace even if we have to fight for it.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


Be independent.
Insult a rich relative today.


Your goose is cooked.
(Your current chick is burned up too!)


What do I consider a reasonable person to be?  I'd say a reasonable person
is one who accepts that we are all human and therefore fallible, and takes
that into account when dealing with others.  Implicit in this definition is
the belief that it is the right and the responsibility of each person to
live his or her own life as he or she sees fit, to respect this right in
others, and to demand the assumption of this responsibility by others.


You can do this in a number of ways.  IBM chose to do all of them.
Why do you find that funny?
		-- D. Taylor, Computer Science 350, University of Washington


What passes for optimism is most often the effect of an intellectual error.
		-- Raymond Aron, "The Opium of the Intellectuals"


There are revolutions that are sweeping the world and we in America
have been in a position of trying to stop them.  With all the wealth of
America, with all of the military strength of America, those
revolutions are revolutions against a form of political and economic
organization in the countries of Asia and the Middle East that are
oppressive.  They are revolutions against feudalism.  [1952]
		-- Supreme Court Justice William O. Douglas


The trouble with eating Italian food is that
five or six days later you're hungry again.
		-- George Miller


The water was not fit to drink.
To make it palatable, we had to add whiskey.
By diligent effort, I learned to like it.
		-- Winston Churchill


Sometimes I simply feel that the whole
world is a cigarette and I'm the only ashtray.


	Take the folks at Coca-Cola.  For many years, they were content
to sit back and make the same old carbonated beverage.  It was a good
beverage, no question about it; generations of people had grown up
drinking it and doing the experiment in sixth grade where you put a
nail into a glass of Coke and after a couple of days the nail dissolves
and the teacher says: "Imagine what it does to your TEETH!"  So Coca-Cola
was solidly entrenched in the market, and the management saw no need to
improve ...
		-- Dave Barry, "In Search of Excellence"


Computerfirm nymphomaniac, n.:
	Hot Apple pie.


Simon's Law:
	Everything put together falls apart sooner or later.


Evening hours "all clear" for romance!
(Tell mate you have to work late.)


A light wife doth make a heavy husband.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"


There are two ways to write error-free
programs; only the third one works.


Character is what you are in the dark!
		-- Lord John Whorfin


If all the seas were ink,
And all the reeds were pens,
And all the skies were parchment,
And all the men could write,
These would not suffice
To write down all the red tape
Of this Government.


System restarting, wait...


If you do not wish a man to do a thing, you had better get him to talk about
it; for the more men talk, the more likely they are to do nothing else.
		-- Carlyle


The fellow sat down at a bar, ordered a drink and asked the bartender if he
wanted to hear a dumb-jock joke.
	"Hey, buddy," the bartender replied, "you see those two guys next to
you?  They used to be with the Chicago Bears.  The two dudes behind you made
the U.S. Olympic wrestling team.  And for you information, I used to play
center at Notre Dame."
	"Forget it," the customer said.  "I don't want to explain it five
times."


All of us should treasure his Oriental wisdom and his preaching of a
Zen-like detachment, as exemplified by his constant reminder to clerks,
tellers, or others who grew excited by his presence in their banks:
"Just lie down on the floor and keep calm."
		-- Robert Wilson, "John Dillinger Died for You"


I despise the pleasure of pleasing people whom I despise.


You might get caught holding the bag.  Say she's your sister.


If you float on instinct alone, how can you
calculate the buoyancy for the computed load?
		-- Christopher Hodder-Williams


Beware of the man who knows the answer before he understands the question.


My love runs by like a day in June,
	And he makes no friends of sorrows.
He'll tread his galloping rigadoon
	In the pathway or the morrows.
He'll live his days where the sunbeams start
	Nor could storm or wind uproot him.
My own dear love, he is all my heart --
	And I wish somebody'd shoot him.
		-- Dorothy Parker, part 3


Every time I look at you I am more convinced of Darwin's theory.


When you die, you lose a very important part of your life.
		-- Brooke Shields


QOTD:
	"I say, and without apology, hang the bitch."


A list is only as strong as its weakest link.
		-- Donald E. Knuth


Wanna buy a duck?


A gambler's biggest thrill is winning a bet.
His next biggest thrill is losing a bet.


A LISP programmer knows the value of
everything, but the cost of nothing.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


Paying alimony is like pumping gas into another man's car.


God made everything out of nothing, but the nothingness shows through.
		-- Paul Valery


Hear about...
	the guy who was so well endowed that he had a fiveskin?


Q:	What's the difference between a man and the weekend?
A:	The weekend never comes too soon.


For a good time, call (510) 642-9483


Good day for water sports.  Take a bath with a friend.


A newspaper is a circulating library with high blood pressure.
		-- Arthure "Bugs" Baer


===  ALL CSH USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

Set the variable $LOSERS to all the people that you think are losers.  This
will cause all said losers to have the variable $PEOPLE-WHO-THINK-I-AM-A-LOSER
updated in their .login file.  Should you attempt to execute a job on a
machine with poor response time and a machine on your local net is currently
populated by losers, that machine will be freed up for your job through a
cold boot process.


GEMINI (May 21 - June 20)
	A day to take the initiative.  Put the garbage out, for
	instance, and pick up the stuff at the dry cleaners.  Watch
	the mail carefully, although there won't be anything good
	in it today, either.


 1.  I'm Not Rudolph; That's Not My Nose
 2.  The Nutcracker Swede
 3.  Santa Goes Round-The-World
 4.  Not-So-Tiny Tim
 5.  Ninja Reindeer Killfest '88
 6.  Yes, Yes, Oh God Yes, Virginia
 7.  Crisco Kringle
 8.  Babes in Boyland
 9.  Santa's Magic Lap
10.  Hot Buttered Elves
		-- David Letterman, "Top Ten Christmas Movies in Times
		   Square"


Whatever you want to do, you have to do something else first.


Be careful what you set your heart on -- for it will surely be yours.
		-- James Baldwin, "Nobody Knows My Name"


If I could drop dead right now, I'd be the happiest man alive!
		-- Samuel Goldwyn


Welcome thy neighbor into thy fallout shelter.
He'll come in handy if you run out of food.
		-- Dean McLaughlin


The real trouble with reality is that there's no background music.


Cunnilingus is next to godliness.


How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.


Like all young men, you greatly exaggerate
the difference between one young woman and another.
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "Major Barbara"


Deprive a mirror of its silver and even the Czar won't see his face.


Buzz off, Banana Nose; Relieve mine eyes
Of hateful soreness, purge mine ears of corn;
Less dear than army ants in apple pies
Art thou, old prune-face, with thy chestnuts worn,
Dropt from thy peeling lips like lousy fruit;
Like honeybees upon the perfum'd rose
They suck, and like the double-breasted suit
Are out of date; therefore, Banana Nose,
Go fly a kite, thy welcome's overstayed;
And stem the produce of thy waspish wits:
Thy logick, like thy locks, is disarrayed;
Thy cheer, like thy complexion, is the pits.
Be off, I say; go bug somebody new,
Scram, beat it, get thee hence, and nuts to you.


In Germany they first came for the Communists and I didn't speak up because
I wasn't a Communist.  Then they came for the Jews, and I didn't speak up
because I wasn't a Jew.  Then they came for the trade unionists, and I
didn't speak up because I wasn't a trade unionist.  Then they came for the
Catholics, and I didn't speak up because I was a Protestant.  Then they came
for me -- and by that time no one was left to speak up.
		-- Pastor Martin Niemoller


On a clear day, U.C.L.A.


Like the time I ran away...
And turned around and you were standing close to me.
		-- YES, "Going For The One/Awaken"


Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.


Fortune Documents the Great Legal Decisions:

We think that we may take judicial notice of the fact that the term "bitch"
may imply some feeling of endearment when applied to a female of the canine
species but that it is seldom, if ever, so used when applied to a female
of the human race. Coming as it did, reasonably close on the heels of two
revolver shots directed at the person of whom it was probably used, we think
it carries every reasonable implication of ill-will toward that person.
		-- Smith v. Moran, 193 N.E. 2d 466


Revolution, n.:
	In politics, an abrupt change in the form of misgovernment.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


U.S. of A.:
	"Don't speak to the bus driver."
Germany:
	"It is strictly forbidden for passengers to speak to the driver."
England:
	"You are requested to refrain from speaking to the driver."
Scotland:
	"What have you got to gain by speaking to the driver?"
Italy:
	"Don't answer the driver."


ARIES (Mar 21 - Apr 19)
	You are the pioneer type and hold most people in contempt.  You are
	quick tempered, impatient, and scornful of advice.  You are not
	very nice.


The Least Successful Defrosting Device
	The all-time record here is held by Mr. Peter Rowlands of Lancaster
whose lips became frozen to his lock in 1979 while blowing warm air on it.
	"I got down on my knees to breathe into the lock.  Somehow my lips
got stuck fast."
	While he was in the posture, an old lady passed an inquired if he
was all right.  "Alra?  Igmmlptk", he replied at which point she ran away.
	"I tried to tell her what had happened, but it came out sort of...
muffled," explained Mr. Rowlands, a pottery designer.
	He was trapped for twenty minutes ("I felt a bit foolish") until
constant hot breathing brought freedom.  He was subsequently nicknamed "Hot
Lips".
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


DROP THE DAMN BEAR!!!
		-- The Adventurer


Q:	Why don't Scotsmen ever have coffee the way they like it?
A:	Well, they like it with two lumps of sugar.  If they drink
	it at home, they only take one, and if they drink it while
	visiting, they always take three.


	This guy is walking down the beach one fine sunny day, feeling
good, when suddenly he sees this woman with no arms or legs in a wheelchair,
sobbing  like crazy.  He decides to be gallant, "What's wrong, miss?"
	"I...<sob, sniffle>...I'm 21 and I <choke> I've never been kissed...
<sniffle>"
	So this guy, he decides, what the hell, let's cheer up the poor lady.
He leans over and gives her a long wonderful kiss.  This does wonders, and
the woman's face lights up and she grins from ear to ear, and the guy wanders
away feeling wonderful.
	Well, next week, the same guy is walking along the same beach, and
sees the same girl who is once again sobbing her eyes out.  Gallant to the
end, our hero says, "What's wrong, miss, can I help?"
	"I...I'm <sob, sniffle, sniffle> 21 and I've never been fucked..."
	The guy picks her up out of her chair, cuddles her close, and brings
her over to the shore, and throws her into the water.  "Now you're fucked!"


If I traveled to the end of the rainbow
As Dame Fortune did intend,
Murphy would be there to tell me
The pot's at the other end.
		-- Bert Whitney


Have people realized that the purpose of the fortune cookie program is
to defuse project tensions?  When did you ever see a cheerful cookie, a
non-cynical, or even an informative cookie?

Perhaps inadvertently, we have a channel for our aggressions.  This
still begs the question of whether the cookie releases the pressure or
only serves to blunt the warning signs.

		Long live the revolution!
		Have a nice day.


Rubber bands have snappy endings!


Arbitrary systems, pl.n.:
	Systems about which nothing general can be said, save "nothing
general can be said."


Sic transit gloria mundi.
[So passes away the glory of this world.]
		-- Thomas a Kempis


I hold it, that a little rebellion, now and then, is a good thing...
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Five rules for eternal misery:
	1) Always try to exhort others to look upon you favorably.
	2) Make lots of assumptions about situations and be sure to
	   treat these assumptions as though they are reality.
	3) Then treat each new situation as though it's a crisis.
	4) Live in the past and future only (become obsessed with
	   how much better things might have been or how much worse
	   things might become).
	5) Occasionally stomp on yourself for being so stupid as to
	   follow the first four rules.


Say "twenty-three-skiddoo" to logout.


He who laughs, lasts.


There are those who claim that magic is like the tide; that it swells and
fades over the surface of the earth, collecting in concentrated pools here
and there, almost disappearing from other spots, leaving them parched for
wonder.  There are also those who believe that if you stick your fingers up
your nose and blow, it will increase your intelligence.
		-- The Teachings of Ebenezum, Volume VII


Every program is a part of some other program, and rarely fits.


The National Short-Sleeved Shirt Association says:
	Support your right to bare arms!


My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior
spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive
with our frail and feeble mind.
		-- Albert Einstein


Overflow on /dev/null: please empty the bit bucket.


If you make people think they're thinking, they'll love you;
but if you really make them think they'll hate you.


Some scholars are like donkeys, they merely carry a lot of books.
		-- Folk saying


May a Misguided Platypus lay its Eggs in your Jockey Shorts


Reformed, n.:
	A synagogue that closes for the Jewish holidays.


Tyger, Tyger, burning bright		Where the hammer?  Where the chain?
In the forests of the night,		In what furnace was thy brain?
What immortal hand or eye		What the anvil?  What dread grasp
Dare frame thy fearful symmetry?	Dare its deadly terrors clasp?

Burnt in distant deeps or skies		When the stars threw down their spears
The cruel fire of thine eyes?		And water'd heaven with their tears
On what wings dare he aspire?		Dare he laugh his work to see?
What the hand dare seize the fire?	Dare he who made the lamb make thee?

And what shoulder & what art		Tyger, Tyger, burning bright
Could twist the sinews of they heart?	In the forests of the night,
And when thy heart began to beat	What immortal hand or eye
What dread hand & what dread feet	Dare frame thy fearful symmetry?

Could fetch it from the furnace deep
And in thy horrid ribs dare steep
In the well of sanguine woe?
In what clay & in what mould
Were thy eyes of fury roll'd?
		-- William Blake, "The Tyger"


Republicans tend to keep their shades drawn, although there is seldom
any reason why they should.  Democrats ought to, but don't.


A halted retreat
Is nerve-wracking and dangerous.
To retain people as men -- and maidservants
Brings good fortune.


Fun Facts, #63:
	The name California was given to the state by Spanish conquistadores.
	It was the name of an imaginary island, a paradise on earth, in the
	Spanish romance, "Les Serges de Esplandian", written by Montalvo in
	1510.


I went to the museum where they had all the heads and arms from the
statues that are in all the other museums.
		-- Steven Wright


Your motives for doing whatever good deed you
may have in mind will be misinterpreted by somebody.


A good question is never answered.  It is not a bolt to be tightened
into place but a seed to be planted and to bear more seed toward the
hope of greening the landscape of idea.
		-- John Ciardi


Cerebus:	I'd love to lick apricot brandy out of your navel.
Jaka:		Look, Cerebus -- Jaka has to tell you ... something
Cerebus:	If Cerebus had a navel, would you lick apricot brandy
		out of it?
Jaka:		Ugh!
Cerebus:	You don't like apricot brandy?
		-- Cerebus #6, "The Secret"


"My trip? It was vile. Balaclava
I loathed.  Etna was crawling with lava.
	The ship was all white
	But it creaked in the night,
And the band, they did not know la java."
		-- Edward Gorey


FOR SALE:
	Parachute.  Used once.
	Never opened.  Slightly Stained.


Don't smoke the next cigarette.  Repeat.


There's many a slurp t'wixt the tip and the zip.


There's a lesson that I need to remember
When everything is falling apart
In life, just like in loving
There's such a thing as trying to hard

You've gotta sing
Like you don't need the money
Love like you'll never get hurt
You've gotta dance
Like nobody's watching
It's gotta come from the heart
If you want it to work.
		-- Kathy Mattea


Woody: What's going on, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Let's talk about what's going *in* Mr. Peterson.  A beer, Woody.
		-- Cheers, Paint Your Office

Sam:  How's life treating you?
Norm: It's not, Sammy, but that doesn't mean you can't.
		-- Cheers, A Kiss is Still a Kiss

Woody:  Can I pour you a draft, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   A little early, isn't it Woody?
Woody:  For a beer?
Norm:   No, for stupid questions.
		-- Cheers, Let Sleeping Drakes Lie


Real computer scientists don't program in assembler.  They don't write
in anything less portable than a number two pencil.


	Once there lived a village of creatures along the bottom of a great
crystal river.  Each creature in its own manner clung tightly to the twigs
and rocks of the river bottom, for clinging was their way of life, and
resisting the current what each had learned from birth.  But one creature
said at last, "I trust that the current knows where it is going.  I shall
let go, and let it take me where it will.  Clinging, I shall die of boredom."
	The other creatures laughed and said, "Fool!  Let go, and that current
you worship will throw you tumbled and smashed across the rocks, and you will
die quicker than boredom!"
	But the one heeded them not, and taking a breath did let go, and at
once was tumbled and smashed by the current across the rocks.  Yet, in time,
as the creature refused to cling again, the current lifted him free from the
bottom, and he was bruised and hurt no more.
	And the creatures downstream, to whom he was a stranger, cried, "See
a miracle!  A creature like ourselves, yet he flies!  See the Messiah, come
to save us all!"  And the one carried in the current said, "I am no more
Messiah than you.  The river delight to lift us free, if only we dare let go.
Our true work is this voyage, this adventure.
	But they cried the more, "Saviour!" all the while clinging to the
rocks, making legends of a Saviour.
		-- Richard Bach


Logic doesn't apply to the real world.
		-- Marvin Minsky


The hatred of relatives is the most violent.
		-- Tacitus (c.55 - c.117)


There must be more to life than having everything.
		-- Maurice Sendak


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#15

Sex:
	Women prefer 30-40 minutes of foreplay.  Men prefer 30-40 seconds of
foreplay.  Men consider driving back to her place as part of the foreplay.

Maturity:
	Women mature much faster than men.  Most 17-year-old females can
function as adults.  Most 17-year-old males are still trading baseball cards
and giving each other wedgies after gym class.  This is why high school
romances rarely work out.

Handwriting:
	To their credit, men do not decorate their penmanship.  They just
chicken-scratch.  Women use scented, colored stationary and they dot their
"i's" with circles and hearts.  Women use ridiculously large loops in their
"p's" and "g's".  It is a royal pain to read a note from a woman.  Even
when she's dumping you, she'll put a smiley face at the end of the note.


