Have you heard of the lady named Cox
Who had a capacious old box?
	When her lover was in place
	She said, "Please turn your face.
I look like a gal, but I screw like a fox."


We all know that no one understands anything that isn't funny.


If you want to understand your government, don't begin by reading the
Constitution.  It conveys precious little of the flavor of today's statecraft.
Instead, read selected portions of the Washington telephone directory
containing listings for all the organizations with titles beginning with
the word "National".
		-- George Will


Don't eat yellow snow.


The connection between the language in which we think/program and the problems
and solutions we can imagine is very close.  For this reason restricting
language features with the intent of eliminating programmer errors is at best
dangerous.
		-- Bjarne Stroustrup


Only two kinds of witnesses exist.  The first live in a neighborhood where
a crime has been committed and in no circumstances have ever seen anything
or even heard a shot.  The second category are the neighbors of anyone who
happens to be accused of the crime.  These have always looked out of their
windows when the shot was fired, and have noticed the accused person standing
peacefully on his balcony a few yards away.
		-- Sicilian police officer


One big pile is better than two little piles.
		-- Arlo Guthrie


Conceit causes more conversation than wit.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


When the going gets tough, the tough get empirical.
		-- Jon Carroll


RADIO SHACK LEVEL II BASIC
READY
>_


Even moderation ought not to be practiced to excess.


A dream will always triumph over reality, once it is given the chance.
		-- Stanislaw Lem


Q:	Why did the chicken cross the road?
A:	To see his friend Gregory peck.

Q:	Why did the chicken cross the playground?
A:	To get to the other slide.


This fortune intentionally not included.


QOTD:
	"I never met a man I couldn't drink handsome."


People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves.


The San Francisco police are nothing if not sensitive to the mood of the
community.  The word is that Dirty Harry has been replaced by Bitchy Gerald.


Things past redress and now with me past care.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"


Finagle's Third Law:
	In any collection of data, the figure most obviously correct,
	beyond all need of checking, is the mistake.

Corollaries:
	1. Nobody whom you ask for help will see it.
	2. The first person who stops by, whose advice you really
	   don't want to hear, will see it immediately.


Boren's Laws:
	(1) When in charge, ponder.
	(2) When in trouble, delegate.
	(3) When in doubt, mumble.


When you go into court you are putting your fate into the hands of twelve
people who weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty.
		-- Norm Crosby


Prince Hamlet thought Uncle a traitor
For having it off with his Mater;
	Revenge Dad or not?
	That's the gist of the plot,
And he did -- nine soliloquies later.
		-- Stanley J. Sharpless


I don't object to sex before marriage, but two minutes before?!?


A modest woman, dressed out in all her finery,
is the most tremendous object in the whole creation.
		-- Goldsmith


For her first week's salary the gorgeous new secretary was given an
exquisite nightgown of imported lace.  The next week her salary was
raised!


Well, of course it worked. You made the ritual blood sacrifice. If you
bleed on a machine while working on it, it will work. Unless it
doesn't. In which case, you need someone else to bleed on it as well.
		-- Wayne Pascoe


If sarcasm were posted on Usenet, would anybody notice?
		-- James Nicoll


    ***
  *******
 *********
 ****** Confucius say: "Is stuffy inside fortune cookie."
  *******
    ***


Nature has given women so much power that the law has very wisely
given them little.
		-- Dr. Samuel Johnson


So little time, so little to do.
		-- Oscar Levant


At any given moment, an arrow must be either where it is or where it is
not.  But obviously it cannot be where it is not.  And if it is where
it is, that is equivalent to saying that it is at rest.
		-- Zeno's paradox of the moving (still?) arrow


Top scientists agree that with the present rate of consumption, the
earth's supply of gravity will be exhausted before the 24th century.
As man struggles to discover cheaper alternatives, we need your help.
Please...

			CONSERVE GRAVITY

Follow these simple suggestions:

(1)  Walk with a light step.  Carry helium balloons if possible.
(2)  Use tape, magnets, or glue instead of paperweights.
(3)  Give up skiing and skydiving for more horizontal sports like
     curling.
(4)  Avoid showers ... take baths instead.
(5)  Don't hang all your clothes in the closet ... Keep them in one big
     pile.
(6)  Stop flipping pancakes


grep me no patterns and I'll tell you no lines.


Volley Theory:
	It is better to have lobbed and lost
	than never to have lobbed at all.


Good evening, gentlemen.  I am a HAL 9000 computer.  I became operational
at the HAL plant in Urbana, Illinois, on January 11th, nineteen hundred
ninety-five.  My supervisor was Mr. Langley, and he taught me to sing a
song.  If you would like, I could sing it for you.


Stenderup's Law:
	The sooner you fall behind, the more time you will have to catch up.


	Lassie looked brilliant, in part because the farm family she
lived with was made up of idiots.  Remember?  One of them was always
getting pinned under the tractor, and Lassie was always rushing back to
the farmhouse to alert the other ones.  She'd whimper and tug at their
sleeves, and they'd always waste precious minutes saying things: "Do
you think something's wrong?  Do you think she wants us to follow her?
What is it, girl?", etc., as if this had never happened before, instead
of every week.  What with all the time these people spent pinned under
the tractor, I don't see how they managed to grow any crops whatsoever.
They probably got by on federal crop supports, which Lassie filed the
applications for.
		-- Dave Barry


Nurse Donna:	Oh, Groucho, I'm afraid I'm gonna wind up an old maid.
Groucho:	Well, bring her in and we'll wind her up together.
Nurse Donna:	Do you believe in computer dating?
Groucho:	Only if the computers really love each other.


G. B. Shaw to William Douglas Home: "Go on writing plays, my boy.  One
of these days a London producer will go into his office and say to his
secretary, `Is there a play from Shaw this morning?' and when she says
`No,' he will say, `Well, then we'll have to start on the rubbish.' And
that's your chance, my boy."


You'll be a guest at a gay party.
That will have important consequences for you.


71:
	69 with two fingers up your ass.
		-- George Carlin


Common sense and a sense of humor are the same thing, moving at
different speeds.  A sense of humor is just common sense, dancing.
		-- Clive James


You should not use your fireplace, because scientists now believe that,
contrary to popular opinion, fireplaces actually remove heat from
houses.  Really, that's what scientists believe.  In fact many
scientists actually use their fireplaces to cool their houses in the
summer.  If you visit a scientist's house on a sultry August day,
you'll find a cheerful fire roaring on the hearth and the scientist
sitting nearby, remarking on how cool he is and drinking heavily.
		-- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"


A recent study has found that concentrating on difficult off-screen
objects, such as the faces of loved ones, causes eye strain in computer
scientists.  Researchers into the phenomenon cite the added concentration
needed to "make sense" of such unnatural three dimensional objects.


Those who express random thoughts to legislative committees are often
surprised and appalled to find themselves the instigators of law.
		-- Mark B. Cohen


It'll be a nice world if they ever get it finished.


What is worth doing is worth the trouble of asking somebody to do it.


As you grow older, you will still do foolish things,
but you will do them with much more enthusiasm.
		-- The Cowboy


H. L. Mencken suffers from the hallucination that he is H. L.
Mencken -- there is no cure for a disease of that magnitude.
		-- Maxwell Bodenheim


		The Three Major Kind of Tools

* Tools for hitting things to make them loose or to tighten them up or
  jar their many complex, sophisticated electrical parts in such a
  manner that they function perfectly.  (These are your hammers, maces,
  bludgeons, and truncheons.)

* Tools that, if dropped properly, can penetrate your foot.  (Awls)

* Tools that nobody should ever use because the potential danger is far
  greater than the value of any project that could possibly result.
  (Power saws, power drills, power staplers, any kind of tool that uses
  any kind of power more advanced than flashlight batteries.)
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


In any problem, if you find yourself doing an infinite amount of work,
the answer may be obtained by inspection.


Katz' Law:
	Men and nations will act rationally when
	all other possibilities have been exhausted.

History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have
exhausted all other alternatives.
		-- Abba Eban


Punning is the worst vice, and there's no vice versa.


We'll know that rock is dead when you have to get a degree to work in it.


Be prepared to accept sacrifices.
Vestal virgins aren't all that bad.


Where there's a whip there's a way.


I've never struck a woman in my life, not even my own mother.
		-- W. C. Fields


Reinhart was never his mother's favorite -- and he was an only child.
		-- Thomas Berger


People are like onions -- you cut them up, and they make you cry.


Life is like an analogy.


We're mortal -- which is to say, we're ignorant, stupid, and sinful --
but those are only handicaps.  Our pride is that nevertheless, now and
then, we do our best.  A few times we succeed.  What more dare we ask for?
		-- Ensign Flandry


I would like to say, Mister Bunce,
I'm a great connoisseur of hot cunts.
	And in all my lewd life
	I've met none like your wife,
So why leave her to me, you big dunce?


ARCHDUKE FERDINAND FOUND ALIVE --
    FIRST WORLD WAR A MISTAKE


The black bear used to be one of the most commonly seen large animals
because in Yosemite and Sequoia national parks they lived off of garbage
and tourist handouts.  This bear has learned to open car doors in
Yosemite, where damage to automobiles caused by bears runs into the tens
of thousands of dollars a year.  Campaigns to bearproof all garbage
containers in wild areas have been difficult, because as one biologist
put it, "There is a considerable overlap between the intelligence levels
of the smartest bears and the dumbest tourists."


We love our little Johnny
He's the best little boy in all the world
And we wouldn't trade him for anything
That's how much we love him.
No, we couldn't live without him
So that's why, since he died,
We keep him safe in our G.E. freezer.
He's so good, so well-behaved,
Even better than before;
Oh, such a wonderful kid he is.
Alice and me, we'll never be lonely,
Never miss our little Johnny,
He'll never grow up and leave us
That's why we love him like we do.
		-- Mr. Mincemeat


You've been leading a dog's life.  Stay off the furniture.


	Sam went to his psychiatrist complaining of a hatred for elephants.
"I can't stand elephants," he explained.  "I lie awake nights despising
them.  The thought of an elephant fills me with loathing."
	"Sam," said the psychiatrist, "there's only one thing for you to do.
Go to Africa, organize a safari, find an elephant in the jungle and shoot it.
That way you'll get it out of your system."
	Sam immediately made arrangements for a safari hunt in Africa,
inviting his best friend to join him.  They arrived in Nairobi and lost no
time getting out on the jungle trails.  After they had been hunting for
several days, Sam's best friend grabbed him by the arm one morning and
yelled at him:
	"Sam, Sam, Sam!  Over there behind that tree there's and elephant!
Sam -- Get your gun -- no, no, not THAT gun -- the rifle with the longer
barrel!  Now aim it!  QUICK!  SAM!  QUICK!  No!  Not that way -- this way!
Be sure you don't jerk the trigger!  Wait SAM!  Don't let him see you!  Aim
at his head!"
	Sam whirled around, took aim, and killed his friend.  He was put in
prison and his psychiatrist flew to Africa to visit him.  "I sent you over
here to kill an elephant and instead you shoot your best friend," the
psychiatrist said.  "Why?"
	"Well," Sam replied, "there's only one thing in the world that I
hate more than elephants and that is a loudmouth know-it-all!"


In science it often happens that scientists say, "You know that's a really
good argument; my position is mistaken," and then they actually change
their minds and you never hear that old view from them again.  They really
do it.  It doesn't happen as often as it should, because scientists are
human and change is sometimes painful.  But it happens every day.  I cannot
recall the last time something like that happened in politics or religion.
		-- Carl Sagan, 1987 CSICOP keynote address


	... But among the children of the Great Society there were
those whose skins were black.  And lo!  Their portion was niggardly,
and of the fatted calf they were sucking hind teat ...
	Now it came to pass that a prophet rose up amongst them, and
they called him King.  And he went unto Pharaoh and said, "Let my
people go to the front of the bus."
	But Pharaoh answered: "In the fullness of time and with all
deliberate speed shall this thing come to pass.  When ye shall prove
yourselves worthy, shall ye have your just portion -- yea, verily, like
unto a snowball in Hell."
		-- "The Begatting of a President"


The only alliance I would make with the Women's Liberation Movement is in bed.
		-- Abbey Hoffman


To communicate is the beginning of understanding.
		-- AT&T


America cannot be sold a can of beer without
being offered a piece of pussy along with it.
		-- Julius Lester


Keep up the good work!  But please don't ask me to help.


Wall Street indices predicted nine out of the last five recessions
		-- Paul A. Samuelson, Nobel laureate in economics
		   (Newsweek, Science and Stocks, 19 Sep. 1966.)


I thought Jackie O. was something you did in the bathroom.
		-- Strange de Jim


COMMENT:
	A superfluous element of a source program included so the
	programmer can remember what the hell it was he was doing
	six months later.  Only the weak-minded need them, according
	to those who think they aren't.


UFO's are for real: the Air Force doesn't exist.


SWEATER:
	A garment worn by a child when their mother feels chilly.


You might have mail.


I will not say that women have no character; rather, they have a new
one every day.
		-- Heine


I am just a nice, clean-cut Mongolian boy.
		-- Yul Brynner, 1956


The philosopher's treatment of a question
is like the treatment of an illness.
		-- Wittgenstein


Paranoid Club meeting this Friday.
Now ... just try to find out where!


	He had been bitten by a dog, but didn't give it much thought
until he noticed that the wound was taking a remarkably long time to
heal.  Finally, he consulted a doctor who took one look at it and
ordered the dog brought in.  Just as he had suspected, the dog had
rabies.  Since it was too late to give the patient serum, the doctor
felt he had to prepare him for the worst.  The poor man sat down at the
doctor's desk and began to write.  His physician tried to comfort him.
"Perhaps it won't be so bad," he said. "You needn't make out your will
right now."
	"I'm not making out any will," relied the man.  "I'm just writing
out a list of people I'm going to bite!"


Speaking of love, one problem that recurs more and more frequently these
days, in books and plays and movies, is the inability of people to communicate
with the people they love; Husbands and wives who can't communicate, children
who can't communicate with their parents, and so on.  And the characters in
these books and plays and so on (and in real life, I might add) spend hours
bemoaning the fact that they can't communicate.  I feel that if a person can't
communicate, the very least he can do is to shut up!
		-- Tom Lehrer, "That Was the Year that Was"


	A guy finishes his 9 to 5, but, instead of going straight home, stops
in at a local bar for a drink.  He gets his beer, turns around to sit down,
and finds himself face to face with a ravishing blonde.  The two strike up a
conversation, and really hit it off.  After a couple drinks they leave the bar
go back to her pad, to peruse her etchings.  Which doesn't take long -- by
seven they were happily engaged in intimate scratching.
	'Round about midnight the guy rolled over in bed and spotted the clock:
"Midnight!  Already!  I gotta get home!  Honey, you have any baby powder?"
He jumps out of bed and starts pulling his pants on, trying to find his shoes.
	"Baby powder?" she asks.  But she comes back from the bathroom and
hands him the powder.  He frantically shakes it all over his hands, kisses her
goodbye, and runs out the front door.
	He gets home, and sure enough, there's his wife, waiting in the
doorway.
	"Okay," she mutters, "let's have it."
	"Well," he says sheepishly, looking down at his feet.  "Okay.  I went
to a bar after work and met a gorgeous blonde and we really hit it off.  We
had a few drinks and went back to her place, and well, see..."
	"Oh yeah?" she says, "let me see your hands...  Don't you lie to me!
You've been bowling again!"


A meeting is an event at which the
minutes are kept and the hours are lost.


If you have received a letter inviting you to speak at the dedication of a
new cat hospital, and you hate cats, your reply, declining the invitation,
does not necessarily have to cover the full range of your emotions.  You must
make it clear that you will not attend, but you do not have to let fly at cats.
The writer of the letter asked a civil question; attack cats, then, only if
you can do so with good humor, good taste, and in such a way that your answer
will be courteous as well as responsive.  Since you are out of sympathy with
cats, you may quite properly give this as a reason for not appearing at the
dedication ceremonies of a cat hospital.  But bear in mind that your opinion
of cats was not sought, only your services as a speaker.  Try to keep things
straight.
		-- Strunk and White, "The Elements of Style"


Once was a hooker named Gail,
Busted and sent-off to jail,
	She liked the jailer,
	He wanted to nail her,
So Gail made bail with her tail.


Progress might have been all right once, but it's gone on too long.
		-- Ogden Nash


Minors in Kansas City, Missouri, are not allowed to purchase cap
pistols; they may buy shotguns freely, however.


TRAVEL:
	Something that makes you feel like you're getting somewhere.


If people have to choose between freedom and sandwiches, they
will take sandwiches.
		-- Lord Boyd-orr

Eats first, morals after.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "The Threepenny Opera"


And yet I should have dearly liked, I own, to have touched her lips; to
have questioned her, that she might have opened them; to have looked upon
the lashes of her downcast eyes, and never raised a blush; to have let
loose waves of hair, an inch of which would be a keepsake beyond price:
in short, I should have liked, I do confess, to have had the lightest
license of a child, and yet been man enough to know its value.
		-- Charles Dickens


Q:	What is purple and commutes?
A:	A boolean grape.


In the plot, people came to the land; the land loved them; they worked and
struggled and had lots of children.  There was a Frenchman who talked funny
and a greenhorn from England who was a fancy-pants but when it came to the
crunch he was all courage.  Those novels would make you retch.
		-- Canadian novelist Robertson Davies, on the generic Canadian
		   novel.


Impartial, adj.:
	Unable to perceive any promise of personal advantage from
	espousing either side of a controversy or adopting either of two
	conflicting opinions.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


As I was passing Project MAC,
I met a Quux with seven hacks.
Every hack had seven bugs;
Every bug had seven manifestations;
Every manifestation had seven symptoms.
Symptoms, manifestations, bugs, and hacks,
How many losses at Project MAC?


They're basically very smelly houseplants until they get to the crawling
age.  You're constantly terrified that they're going to randomly die on
you, but the rules for preventing that outcome are straightforward and
hard to forget.
		-- Thomas Ptacek, giving advice to a new father


They're just jealous because they don't have three
wise men and a virgin in the whole organization.
		-- Mayor Vincent J. "Buddy" Cianci, on the
		   ACLU's suit to have a city nativity scene removed.


A grammarian's life is always intense.


Somebody left the cork out of my lunch.
		-- W. C. Fields


Woodward's Law:
	A theory is better than its explanation.


There are two problems with a major hangover.  You feel
like you are going to die and you're afraid that you won't.


Holy Dilemma!  Is this the end for the Caped Crusader and the Boy Wonder?
Will the Joker and the Riddler have the last laugh?

	Tune in again tomorrow:
	same Bat-time, same Bat-channel!


Little Johnny with a grin,
Drank up all of daddy's gin,
Mother said, when he was plastered,
Go to bed, you little love-child.


Common sense and a sense of humor are the same thing, moving at
different speeds.  A sense of humor is just common sense, dancing.
		-- Clive James


If you ever want to get anywhere in politics, my boy, you're going to
have to get a toehold in the public eye.


It is difficult to produce a television documentary that is both
incisive and probing when every twelve minutes one is interrupted by
twelve dancing rabbits singing about toilet paper.
		-- Rod Serling


The kings of Peru were the Incas,
Who were known far and wide as great drincas.
	They worshiped the sun
	And had lots of fun,
But the peasants all thought they were stincas.


Magnocartic, adj.:
	Any automobile that, when left unattended, attracts shopping
	carts.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Long computations which yield zero are probably all for naught.


Politics and the fate of mankind are formed by men without ideals and
without greatness. Those who have greatness within them do not go in
for politics.
		-- Albert Camus


The things that interest people most are usually none of their business.


Conscious is when you are aware of something and conscience is when you
wish you weren't.


BOHICA:
	Bend over, here it comes again.


Class: when they're running you out of town, to look like you're
leading the parade.
		-- Bill Battie


All I've got left on the list of desirable vocations is heiress to the
throne of any country in Western Europe and Laurie Anderson.  "Be
practical", was the choral reply from the dinner table.  Well, Laurie
Anderson is already Laurie Anderson, but I read an article in Harpers
that said there were eleven countries, in the world this is I think,
that have queens as sovereign rulers.  That's probably my best shot.


Engineering:	"How will this work?"
Science:	"Why will this work?"
Management:	"When will this work?"
Liberal Arts:	"Do you want fries with that?"


NEWS FLASH!!
	Today the East German pole-vault champion
	became the West German pole-vault champion.


All bridge hands are equally likely, but some are more equally likely
than others.
		-- Alan Truscott


Two gentlemen met at the club after a long absence and talked.
	"Did you hear about Chumley?", one asked.
	"No, old man, what about him?"
	"Last seen in Africa, you know."
	"No, I didn't."
	"Yes.  Appalling.  Ran off with a gorilla.  Fallen in love."
	"Queer."
	"Not Chumley.  Female gorilla."


So, if there's no God, who changes the water?
		-- New Yorker cartoon of two goldfish in a bowl


I'd walk a mile for a Camel, two for a hump.


I got this powdered water -- now I don't know what to add.
		-- Steven Wright


Seems like this farmer purchased an old, run-down, abandoned farm with plans
to turn it into a thriving enterprise.  The fields are grown over with weeds,
the farmhouse is falling apart, and the fences are collapsing all around.
During his first day of work, the town preacher stops by to bless the man's
work, praying, "May you and God work together to make this the farm of your
dreams!"
	A few months later, the preacher stops by again to call on the farmer.
Lo and behold, it's like a completely different place -- the farm house is
completely rebuilt and in excellent condition, there is plenty of cattle and
other livestock happily munching on feed in well-fenced pens, and the fields
are filled with crops planted in neat rows.  "Amazing!" the preacher says.
"Look what God and you have accomplished together!"
	"Yes, reverend," replies the farmer, "but remember what the farm was
like when God was working it alone!"


Don't you wish that all the people who sincerely
want to help you could agree with each other?


You shall be rewarded for a dastardly deed.


There is perhaps in every thing of any consequence, secret history, which
it would be amusing to know, could we have it authentically communicated.
		-- James Boswell


Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
		-- George Santayana


You will remember, Watson, how the dreadful business of the Abernetty family
was first brought to my notice by the depth which the parsley had sunk into
the butter upon a hot day.
		-- Sherlock Holmes


Pardon me while I laugh.


Here I am, fifty-eight, and I still don't know what I want to be when
I grow up.
		-- Peter Drucker


	A man came home from work and as he entered the house he yelled,
"Hi, honey, I'm home."
	There was no response.  He walked through the house and saw a note
on the refrigerator. It read "I'm out with the girls and I'll be home about
8.  Either fix yourself something to eat, or wait for me and we'll eat when
I get home."
	Well, he decided to wait until his wife returned.  However, his
stomach started to growl and he remembered that he had an apple left over
from his lunch.  He got the apple, polished it a little, and heard the
doorbell ring.  He went to the door and there stood a little blond haired
girl holding out a little paper bag.  "Trick or treat", she said.
	He looked at the girl, looked at the apple, thought how hungry he
was, looked at the girl again, and with a slight sigh dropped his apple in
the bag.  The little girl looked down in the bag, looked up again, and
complained, "You stupid son-of-a-bitch.  You broke my cookies!"


A fitter fits;				Though sinners sin
A cutter cuts;				And thinners thin
And an aircraft spotter spots;		And paper-blotters blot
A baby-sitter				I've never yet
Baby-sits --				Had letters let
But an otter never ots.			Or seen an otter ot.

A batter bats
(Or scatters scats);
A potting shed's for potting;
But no one's found
A bounder bound
Or caught an otter otting.
		-- Ralph Lewin


For that matter, compare your pocket computer with the
massive jobs of a thousand years ago.  Why not, then, the
last step of doing away with computers altogether?"
		-- Jehan Shuman


The sex was nice, but confusing.  The whole situation kept going di-polar
on Sta-Hi.  One instant Misty would seem like a lovely warm girl who'd
survived a terrible injury, like a lost puppy to be stroked, a lonely
woman to be husbanded.  But then he'd start thinking of the wires behind
her eyes, and he'd be screwing a machine, an inanimate object, a public
toilet.  Just like with any other woman for him, really.
		-- Rudy Rucker, "Software"


Time flies like an arrow, but fruit flies like a banana.


The Great Movie Posters:

SCENES THAT WILL STAGGER YOUR SIGHT!
-- DANCING CALLED GO-GO
-- MUSIC CALLED JU-JU
-- NARCOTICS CALLED BANGI!
-- FIRES OF PUBERTY!
	SEE the burning of a virgin!
	SEE power of witch doctor over women!
	SEE pygmies with fantastic Physical Endowments!!!
		-- Kwaheri (1965)

The Big Comedy of Nineteen-Sexty-Sex!
		-- Boeing-Boeing (1965)

AN ASTRONAUT WENT UP-
A "GUESS WHAT" CAME DOWN!
	The picture that comes complete with a 10-foot tall monster to
give you the wim-wams!
		-- Monster a Go-Go (1965)


I'd never cry if I did find
	A blue whale in my soup...
Nor would I mind a porcupine
	Inside a chicken coop.
Yes life is fine when things combine,
	Like ham in beef chow mein...
But lord, this time I think I mind,
	They've put acid in my rain.
		-- Milo Bloom


It is recounted that at King's College in the Strand around the time of the
war, the Chief of Services would inevitably begin the year's rounds by
teaching "a singularly important principle of medicine."  He asked a nurse
to fetch him a sample of urine.  He then talked at length about Diabetes
mellitus. "Diabetes," he said, "is a greek name; but the Romans noticed that
the bees like the urine of diabetics, so they added the word mellitus which
means sweet as honey.  Well, as you know, you may find sugar in the urine
of a diabetic ..."
	By now the nurse had returned with a sample of urine which the
registrar promptly held up like a trophy.  We stared at that straw-colored
fluid as if we had never seen such a thing before.  The registrar then
startled us.  He dipped a finger boldly into the urine, then licked his
finger with the tip of his tongue.  As if tasting wine, he opened and closed
his lips rapidly.  Could he perhaps detect a faint taste of sugar?  The sample
was passed on to us for an opinion.  We all dipped a finger into the fluid,
all of us foolishly licked that finger.
	"Now," said the Registrar grinning, "You have learnt the first
principle of diagnosis.  I mean the power of observation."  We were baffled.
We stood near the sluice room outside the ward, and in the distance, some
anonymous patient was explosively coughing. "You see," the registrar said
continuing triumphantly, "I dipped my MIDDLE finger into the urine, but
licked my INDEX finger -- not like all you chaps.


Remove me from this land of slaves,
Where all are fools, and all are knaves,
Where every knave and fool is bought,
Yet kindly sells himself for nought;
		-- Jonathan Swift


Imagine that Cray computer decides to make a personal computer.  It has
a 150 MHz processor, 200 megabytes of RAM, 1500 megabytes of disk
storage, a screen resolution of 4096 x 4096 pixels, relies entirely on
voice recognition for input, fits in your shirt pocket and costs $300.
What's the first question that the computer community asks?

"Is it PC compatible?"


Failure is more frequently from want of energy than want of capital.


Success is relative: It is what we can make of the mess we have
made of things.
		-- T. S. Eliot, "The Family Reunion"


One toke over the line, sweet Mary,
One toke over the line,
Sittin' downtown in a railway station,
One toke over the line.
Waitin' for the train that goes home,
Hopin' that the train is on time,
Sittin' downtown in a railway station,
One toke over the line.


Air, n.:
	A nutritious substance supplied by a bountiful Providence for
	the fattening of the poor.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


