The problem that we thought was a problem was, indeed,
a problem, but not the problem we thought was the problem.
		-- Mike Smith


You will gain money by a speculation or lottery.


Good night, Mrs. Calabash, wherever you are.


Manic-depressive, n.:
	Easy glum, easy glow.


I never met a woman I couldn't drink pretty.


Science and religion are in full accord but
science and faith are in complete discord.


You feel a whole lot more like you do
now than you did when you used to.


We'll have solar energy when the power companies develop a sunbeam meter.


You must realize that the computer has it in for you.  The irrefutable
proof of this is that the computer always does what you tell it to do.


Many of the convicted thieves Parker has met began their
life of crime after taking college Computer Science courses.
		-- Roger Rapoport, "Programs for Plunder", Omni, March 1981


If the future isn't what it used to be, does that
mean that the past is subject to change in times to come?


A well-known friend is a treasure.


And I suppose the little things are harder to get used to than the big
ones.  The big ones you get used to, you make up your mind to them.  The
little things come along unexpectedly, when you aren't thinking about
them, aren't braced against them.
		-- Marion Zimmer Bradley, "The Forbidden Tower"


	"Gentlemen of the jury," said the defense attorney, now beginning
to warm to his summation, "the real question here before you is, shall this
beautiful young woman be forced to languish away her loveliest years in a
dark prison cell?  Or shall she be set free to return to her cozy little
apartment at 4134 Mountain Ave. -- there to spend her lonely, loveless hours
in her boudoir, lying beside her little Princess phone, 962-7873?"


The best case:	   Get salary from America, build a house in England,
			live with a Japanese wife, and eat Chinese food.
Pretty good case:  Get salary from England, build a house in America,
			live with a Chinese wife, and eat Japanese food.
The worst case:    Get salary from China, build a house in Japan,
			live with a British wife, and eat American food.
		-- Bungei Shunju, a popular Japanese magazine


Ego sum ens omnipotens


Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
		-- H. L. Mencken


People who have what they want are very fond of telling people who haven't
what they want that they don't want it.
		-- Ogden Nash


You're not Dave.  Who are you?


Stult's Report:
	Our problems are mostly behind us.
	What we have to do now is fight the solutions.


A LISP programmer knows the value of
everything, but the cost of nothing.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


QOTD:
	"It was so cold last winter that I saw a lawyer with his
	hands in his own pockets."


NAPOLEON: What shall we do with this soldier, Giuseppe?  Everything he
	  says is wrong.
GIUSEPPE: Make him a general, Excellency, and then everything he says
	  will be right.
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "The Man of Destiny"


The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be
regarded as a criminal offence.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


QOTD:
	"I looked out my window, and saw Kyle Pettys' car upside down,
	then I thought `One of us is in real trouble.'"
		-- Davey Allison, on a 150 m.p.h. crash


Do you guys know what you're doing, or are you just hacking?


XML is a giant step in no direction at all.
		-- Erik Naggum


A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore.
		-- Yogi Berra


He hadn't a single redeeming vice.
		-- Oscar Wilde


How comes it to pass, then, that we appear such cowards
in reasoning, and are so afraid to stand the test of ridicule?
		-- A. Cooper


Things are more like they are today than they ever were before.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


If parents would only realize how they bore their children.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes.


It is bad luck to be superstitious.
		-- Andrew W. Mathis


Stop searching forever.  Happiness is unattainable.


Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold.


[In the 60's] there was madness in any direction, at any hour ...  You
could strike sparks anywhere.  There was a fantastic universal sense
that whatever we were doing was `right', that we were winning ...

And that, I think, was the handle -- the sense of inevitable victory
over the forces of Old and Evil.  Not in any mean or military sense; we
didn't need that.  Our energy would simply `prevail'.  There was no
point in fighting -- on our side or theirs.  We had all the momentum;
we were riding the crest of a high and beautiful wave ...

So now, less than five years later, you can go up on a steep hill in
Las Vegas and look West, and with the right kind of eyes you can almost
_s_e_e the high-water mark -- the place where the wave finally broke and
rolled back.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas"


	The Priest's grey nimbus in a niche where he dressed discreetly.
I will not sleep here tonight. Home also I cannot go.
	A voice, sweetened and sustained, called to him from the sea.
Turning the curve he waved his hand.  A sleek brown head, a seal's, far
out on the water, round.  Usurper.
		-- James Joyce, "Ulysses"


Seems like these four rabbis had a series of theological arguments, and three
were always in accord against the fourth.  One day, the odd rabbi out, with
the usual "3 to 1, majority rules" statement that signified that he had lost
again, decided to appeal to a higher authority.  "Oh, God!" he cried.  "I
know in my heart that I am right and they are wrong!  Please show me a sign,
so they too will know that I understand Your laws."
	It was a beautiful, sunny day.  As soon as the rabbi finished his
plaint, a storm cloud moved across the sky above the four.  It rumbled once
and dissolved.  "A sign from God!  See, I'm right, I knew it!"  But the other
three disagreed, pointing out that stormclouds form on hot days.
	So he asked again: "Oh, God, I need a bigger sign to show that I am
right and they are wrong.  So please, God, a bigger sign."
	This time four stormclouds appeared, rushed toward each other to form
one big cloud, and a bolt of lightning knocked down a tree ten feet away from
the rabbis.  The cloud dispersed at once.  "I told you I was right!" insisted
the loner, but the others insisted that nothing had happened that could not
be explained by natural causes.
	The insisting rabbi is all ready to ask for a *very big* sign when
just as he says "Oh God..." the sky turns pitch black, the earth shakes, and
a deep, booming voice intones, "HEEEEEEEE'S RIIIIIIIGHT!"
	The sky returns to normal.  The one rabbi puts his hands on his hips
and snarls, "Well?"  "Okay, okayyyy," replied another, "so now it's 3 to 2!"


May the bluebird of happiness twiddle your bits.


Grownups are reluctant to take science fiction seriously, and with good
reason: sci-fi is a hormonal activity, not a literary one.  Its traditional
concerns are all pubescent.  Secondary sexual characteristics are everywhere,
disguised.  Aliens have tentacles.  Telepathy allows you to have sex without
any nasty inconvenience of touching.  Womblike spaceships provide balanced
meals.  No one ever has to grow old -- body parts are replaceable, like
Job's daughters, and if you're lucky you can become a robot.  As for the
adult world, it's simply not there; political systems tend to be naively
authoritarian (there are more lords in science fiction than on public
television) and are often ruled by young boys on quests.  The most popular
sci-fi book in years, Frank Herbert's Dune, sold millions of copies by
combining all these themes: it ends with its adolescent hero conquering the
universe while straddling a giant worm.
		-- Arnold Klein


TRANSPARENT:
	Being or pertaining to an existing, nontangible object.
	"It's there, but you can't see it"
		-- IBM System/360 announcement, 1964

VIRTUAL:
	Being or pertaining to a tangible, nonexistent object.
	"I can see it, but it's not there."
		-- Lady Macbeth


Rugby is a game played by men with peculiarly shaped balls.


	"Yes, let's consider," said Bruno, putting his thumb into his
mouth again, and sitting down upon a dead mouse.
	"What do you keep that mouse for?" I said.  "You should either
bury it or else throw it into the brook."
	"Why, it's to measure with!" cried Bruno.  "How ever would you
do a garden without one?  We make each bed three mouses and a half
long, and two mouses wide."
	I stopped him as he was dragging it off by the tail to show me
how it was used...
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Sylvie and Bruno"


Graduate life -- it's not just a job, it's an indenture.


For some reason a glaze passes over people's faces when you say
"Canada".  Maybe we should invade South Dakota or something.
		-- Sandra Gotlieb, wife of the Canadian ambassador to the U.S.


When you are in it up to your ears, keep your mouth shut.


For every complex problem, there is a solution that is simple, neat,
and wrong.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Oppernockity tunes but once.


There *_i_s* intelligent life on Earth, but I leave for Texas on Monday.


When properly administered, vacations do not diminish productivity: for
every week you're away and get nothing done, there's another when your boss
is away and you get twice as much done.
		-- Daniel B. Luten


Politicians speak for their parties, and parties never are, never have
been, and never will be wrong.
		-- Walter Dwight


	*** STUDENT SUCCESSES ***

Many of our students have gone on to achieve great success in all fields of
programming.  One former student developed the concept of the personalized
form letter.  Does the phrase, "Dear Mr.(insert name), You may already be a
winner!," sound familiar?  Another student writes "After only five lessons I
sold a "My Most Unforgettable Program" article to Corrosive Computing magazine.
Another of our graduates writes, "I recently completed a database-management
program for my department manager.  My program touched him so deeply that he
was speechless.  He told me later that he had never seen such a program in
his entire career.  Thank you, Famous Programmers' school; only you could
have made this possible."  Send for our introductory brochure which explains
in vague detail the operation of the Famous Programmers' School, and you'll
be eligible to win a possible chance to enter a drawing, the winner of which
can vie for a set of free steak knives.  If you don't do it now, you'll hate
yourself in the morning.


Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
		-- Albert Einstein


The only promotion rules I can think of are that a sense of shame is to
be avoided at all costs and there is never any reason for a hustler to
be less cunning than more virtuous men.  Oh yes ... whenever you think
you've got something really great, add ten per cent more.
		-- Bill Veeck


So you see Antonio, why worry about one little core dump, eh?  In reality
all core dumps happen at the same instant, so the core dump you will have
tomorrow, why, it already happened.  You see, it's just a little universal
recursive joke which threads our lives through the infinite potential of
the instant.  So go to sleep, Antonio, your thread could break any moment
and cast you out of the safe security of the instant into the dark void of
eternity, the anti-time.  So go to sleep...


Once upon a time there was a sperm named Stanley.  He'd do pushups and
somersaults and limber up all the time, while the other sperm just lay around
on their fat asses not doing a thing.  One day, one of them became curious
enough to ask Stanley why he exercised all day.  Stanley said,
	"Look, only one sperm gets a woman pregnant and when the right
time comes, I am going to be that one."
A few days later, the all felt themselves getting hotter and hotter, and they
knew that it was getting to be their time to go.  They were released abruptly
and, sure enough, there was Stanley swimming far ahead of all the others.
All of a sudden, Stanley stopped, turned around, and began to swim back with
all his might.
	"Go back! Go back!" he screamed.  "It's a blow job!"


In the force if Yoda's so strong, construct a sentence with words in
the proper order then why can't he?


Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation ... the other eight
are unimportant.
		-- Henry Miller


Everybody but Sam had signed up for a new company pension plan that
called for a small employee contribution.  The company was paying all
the rest.  Unfortunately, 100% employee participation was needed;
otherwise the plan was off.  Sam's boss and his fellow workers pleaded
and cajoled, but to no avail.  Sam said the plan would never pay off.
Finally the company president called Sam into his office.
	"Sam," he said, "here's a copy of the new pension plan and here's
a pen.  I want you to sign the papers.  I'm sorry, but if you don't sign,
you're fired.  As of right now."
	Sam signed the papers immediately.
	"Now," said the president, "would you mind telling me why you
couldn't have signed earlier?"
	"Well, sir," replied Sam, "nobody explained it to me quite so
clearly before."


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #9

	A word to the wise is often enough to start an argument.


Cropp's Law:
	The amount of work done varies inversely
	with the time spent in the office.


The white race is the cancer of history.
		-- Susan Sontag


Ummm, well, OK.  The network's the network, the computer's the computer.
Sorry for the confusion.
		-- Sun Microsystems


LIFE:
	That brief interlude between nothingness and eternity.


No matter what happens, there is always someone who knew it would.


Konrad Lorenz, the great animal behaviorist, was scrupulous about cultivating
fruitful confusion.  Lorenz lived among his research subjects:  dozens of
species of mammals, birds, reptiles, and fishes.  He did not quantify, control,
or consciously experiment.  He got to know each creature individually, then
threw them together, watching for the unexpected, the unusual, or the bizarre
in the chaos that followed.  For example, his interest in one of ethology's
most important concepts, that of intention movements (motions with meaning,
such as the head bobbing in birds that serves as an alarm signal before
flight), derived from an inadvertent experiment.  He had trained a free-flying
raven to eat raw meat from his hand and had been feeding the bird for several
hours one day.  He would reach into his pants pocket and take out a piece of
meat, and the raven would swoop down to grab it in its bill.  By and by, Lorenz
went to relieve himself near a hedge.  When the raven saw him put his hand
into his pants and pull out another morsel of meat, it swooped down, hungrily
grasping the new mouthful in its bill.  Lorenz howled in pain.  But the event
left a deep impression on him -- about how faithfully animals respond to
intention movements, that is.
		-- The Sciences, May/June, 1988, N.Y. Academy of Science


Norm:	Hey, everybody.
All:	[silence; everybody is mad at Norm for being rich.]
Norm:	[Carries on both sides of the conversation himself.]
	Norm!   (Norman.)
	How are you feeling today, Norm?
	Rich and thirsty.  Pour me a beer.
		-- Cheers, Tan 'n Wash

Woody:	What's the latest, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:	Zsa-Zsa marries a millionaire, Peterson drinks a beer.
	Film at eleven.
		-- Cheers, Knights of the Scimitar

Woody: How are you today, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Never been better, Woody. ... Just once I'd like to be better.
		-- Cheers, Chambers vs. Malone


They will only cause the lower classes to move about needlessly.
		-- The Duke of Wellington, on early steam railroads


Be prepared... that's the Boy Scout's solemn creed.
Be prepared... to be clean in word and deed.
Don't solicit for your sister, that's not nice,
Unless you get a good percentage of her price ...
		-- Tom Lehrer


Honesty's the best policy.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you
want to test a man's character, give him power.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Whatever is not nailed down is mine.  What I can pry loose is not
nailed down.
		-- Collis P. Huntingdon


The glances over cocktails
That seemed to be so sweet
Don't seem quite so amorous
Over Shredded Wheat


BULLWINKLE: "You just leave that to my pal.  He's the brains of the
	    outfit."
GENERAL:    "What does that make YOU?"
BULLWINKLE: "What else?  An executive..."
		-- Jay Ward, "Rocky and Bullwinkle"


A flashy Mercedes-Benz roared up to the curb where a cute young miss stood
waiting for a taxi.
	"Hi," said the gentleman at the wheel.  "I'm going west."
	"How wonderful," came the cool reply.  "Bring me back an orange."


The Least Successful Animal Rescue
	The firemen's strike of 1978 made possible one of the great animal
rescue attempts of all time.  Valiantly, the British Army had taken over
emergency firefighting and on 14 January they were called out by an elderly
lady in South London to retrieve her cat which had become trapped up a
tree.  They arrived with impressive haste and soon discharged their duty.
So grateful was the lady that she invited them all in for tea.  Driving off
later, with fond farewells completed, they ran over the cat and killed it.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Come quickly, I am tasting stars!
		-- Dom Perignon, upon discovering champagne


Fat people of the world unite, we've got nothing to lose!


When Marriage is Outlawed,
Only Outlaws will have Inlaws.


SAGDEEV CALLED ON THE U.S. TO MAKE A RECIPROCAL GESTURE:

	In a recent speech in London, the irrepressible former head of the
Soviet Space Research Institute noted that the Soviet Government has offered
to convert its gigantic Krasnoyarsk radar in Siberia into an international
space research facility in response to U.S. complaints that the radar would
violate the ABM treaty.  Sagdeev suggested that the U.S. reciprocate by
turning the unfinished U.S. embassy in Moscow into a nuclear crisis reduction
center.  The communication system, he pointed out, is already in place.


Keep emotionally active.  Cater to your favorite neurosis.


The answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe, and Everything was
released with the kind permission of the Amalgamated Union of Philosophers,
Sages, Luminaries, and Other Professional Thinking Persons.


	A woman was in love with fourteen soldiers, it was clearly platoonic.


In science it often happens that scientists say, "You know that's a really
good argument; my position is mistaken," and then they actually change
their minds and you never hear that old view from them again.  They really
do it.  It doesn't happen as often as it should, because scientists are
human and change is sometimes painful.  But it happens every day.  I cannot
recall the last time something like that happened in politics or religion.
		-- Carl Sagan, 1987 CSICOP keynote address


Small change can often be found under seat cushions.


You can always tell the people that are forging the new frontier.
They're the ones with arrows sticking out of their backs.


Women's Libbers are OK, I just wouldn't want my sister to marry one.


Indecision is the true basis for flexibility.


If he should ever change his faith,
it'll be because he no longer thinks he's God.


Gross, adj.:
	When your bloody mary still has the string in it.


A student who changes the course of history is probably taking an exam.


The salary of the chief executive of the large corporation is not a market
award for achievement.  It is frequently in the nature of a warm personal
gesture by the individual to himself.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith, "Annals of an Abiding Liberal"


	Two men looked out from the prison bars,
	One saw mud--
	The other saw stars.

Now let me get this right: two prisoners are looking out the window.
While one of them was looking at all the mud -- the other one got hit
in the head.


Words are the voice of the heart.


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"You can demonstrate a program for a corporate executive, but you
	can't make him computer literate."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


You look tired.


Poor Alice who lived in Corvallis
Had heard of, but not seen, the male phallus.
	At her first sight of one
	She started to run,
And last was seen sprinting through Dallas.


Just remember, it all started with a mouse.
		-- Walt Disney


	I paid a visit to my local precinct in Greenwich Village and
asked a sergeant to show me some rape statistics.  He politely obliged.
That month there had been thirty-five rape complaints, an advance of ten
over the same month for the previous year.  The precinct had made two
arrests.
	"Not a very impressive record," I offered.
	"Don't worry about it," the sergeant assured me.  "You know what
these complaints represent?"
	"What do they represent?" I asked.
	"Prostitutes who didn't get their money," he said firmly,
closing the book.
		-- Susan Brownmiller, "Against Our Will"


Out of sight is out of mind.
		-- Arthur Clough


Ahhhhhh... the smell of cuprinol and mahogany.  It
excites me to... acts of passion... acts of... ineptitude.


I don't want to bore you, but there's nobody else around for me to bore.


CAPRICORN (Dec 23 - Jan 19)
	You are conservative and afraid of taking risks.  You don't do
	much of anything and are lazy.  There has never been a Capricorn
	of any importance.  Capricorns should avoid standing still for
	too long as they tend to take root and become trees.


Are there those in the land of the brave
Who can tell me how I should behave
	When I am disgraced
	Because I erased
A file I intended to save?


Kirk to Enterprise -- beam down yeoman Rand and a six-pack.


Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States.  Ask
any Indian.
		-- Robert Orben

Immigration is the sincerest form of flattery.
		-- Jack Paar


Go not to the elves for counsel, for they will say both yes and no.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


Grownups are reluctant to take science fiction seriously, and with good
reason: sci-fi is a hormonal activity, not a literary one.  Its traditional
concerns are all pubescent.  Secondary sexual characteristics are everywhere,
disguised.  Aliens have tentacles.  Telepathy allows you to have sex without
any nasty inconvenience of touching.  Womblike spaceships provide balanced
meals.  No one ever has to grow old -- body parts are replaceable, like
Job's daughters, and if you're lucky you can become a robot.  As for the
adult world, it's simply not there; political systems tend to be naively
authoritarian (there are more lords in science fiction than on public
television) and are often ruled by young boys on quests.  The most popular
sci-fi book in years, Frank Herbert's Dune, sold millions of copies by
combining all these themes: it ends with its adolescent hero conquering the
universe while straddling a giant worm.
		-- Arnold Klein


A fool must now and then be right by chance.


Boston, n.:
	Ludwig van Beethoven being jeered by 50,000 sports fans for
finishing second in the Irish jig competition.


Nobody ever ruined their eyesight by looking at the bright side of something.


Trying to establish voice contact ... please _y_e_l_l into keyboard.


Disclose classified information only when a NEED TO KNOW exists.


" "
		-- Charlie Chaplin

" "
		-- Harpo Marx

" "
		-- Marcel Marceau


Future looks spotty.  You will spill soup in late evening.


Let the people think they govern and they will be governed.
		-- William Penn, founder of Pennsylvania


Man is a rational animal who always loses his temper when he is called upon
to act in accordance with the dictates of reason.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Hear about...
	the hurricane that recently struck Fire Island -- Hurricane Bruce?


A good memory does not equal pale ink.


That Harvard don down at El Djim --
Oh, wasn't it nasty of him,
	With the whole harem randy,
	The sheik himself handy,
To muss up a young camel's quim.


RYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRY
RY								RY
RY  WELCOME TO THE BABBAGE ANALYTICAL TIMESHARING SERVICE	RY
RY  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *	RY
RY								RY
RY  PLEASE NOTE THAT THE INTEGRATOR IS CURRENTLY UNAVAILABLE    RY
RY  DUE TO THE WEEKLY GREASING SCHEDULE. WOULD ALL USERS KINDLY RY
RY  RETURN ANY UNUSED PLUGBOARDS, AS THE PROGRAMMING TEAM ARE   RY
RY  RUNNING LOW. DIVISION UNIT 3 WILL BE OUT OF ACTION UNTIL    RY
RY  THURSDAY DUE TO EMERGENCY COG REPLACEMENT - PLEASE ENSURE   RY
RY  THAT YOUR PROGRAM DOES NOT ATTEMPT TO DIVIDE BY ZERO AS	RY
RY  THIS CAN CAUSE SEVERE DAMAGE (INCLUDING SHAFT BREAKAGES).   RY
RY								RY
RYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRY
.
.
SYSTEM READY.
?
		-- Chris Suslowicz


Many are called, few are chosen.
Fewer still get to do the choosing.


The Law of the Letter:
	The best way to inspire fresh thoughts is to seal the envelope.


Q:	Where does virgin wool come from?
A:	Ugly sheep.


Some women should be beaten regularly, like gongs.
		-- Noel Coward


I have great faith in fools -- self confidence my friends call it.
		-- Edgar Allan Poe


Hear about...
	the truck driver who pulled out to avoid a child and fell
	off the sofa?


It happened long ago
In the new magic land
The Indians and the buffalo
Existed hand in hand
The Indians needed food
They need skins for a roof
The only took what they needed
And the buffalo ran loose
But then came the white man
With his thick and empty head
He couldn't see past his billfold
He wanted all the buffalo dead
It was sad, oh so sad.
		-- Ted Nugent, "The Great White Buffalo"


Christian, n.:
	One who believes that the New Testament is a divinely inspired
book admirably suited to the spiritual needs of his neighbor.  One who
follows the teachings of Christ in so far as they are not inconsistent
with a life of sin.


... So this is a very confusing situation, and what makes it even worse
is, our standards keep changing.  Take Playboy magazine.  Back in the
1950s, when I started reading it strictly for the articles, Playboy was
considered just about the raciest thing around, even though all it ever
showed was women's breasts.  Granted, any given one of these breasts
would have provided adequate shelter for a family of four, but the
overall effect was no more explicit than many publications we think
nothing of today, such as Sports Illustrated's Annual Nipples Poking
Through Swimsuits Issue.
		-- Dave Barry, "Pornography"


Sally:	C'mon, Ted, all I'm asking you to do is share your feelings
		with me.
Ted:	ALL?  Do you realize what you're asking?  Men aren't trained
		to share.  We're trained to protect ourselves by not
		letting anyone too close.  Good grief, if I go around
		sharing everything with you, you could hang me out to dry.
Sally:	It's called "trust," Ted.
Ted:	"Sharing"?  "Trust"?  You're really asking me to sail into
		uncharted waters here.
		-- Sally Forth


IBM had a PL/I,
Its syntax worse than JOSS;
And everywhere this language went,
It was a total loss.


QWERT (kwirt) n. [MW < OW qwertyuiop, a thirteenth]  1. a unit of weight
equal to 13 poiuyt  avoirdupois  (or 1.69 kiloliks), commonly used in
structural engineering  2. [Colloq.] one thirteenth the load that a fully
grown sligo can carry.  3. [Anat.] a painful  irritation  of  the dermis
in the region of the anus  4. [Slang] person who excites in others the
symptoms of a qwert.
		-- Webster's Middle World Dictionary, 4th ed.


C for yourself.


Real computer scientists only write specs for languages that might run on
future hardware.  Nobody trusts them to write specs for anything homo sapiens
will ever be able to fit on a single planet.


Faith is the quality that enables you to eat blackberry jam
on a picnic without looking to see whether the seeds move.


	This is where the bloodthirsty license agreement is supposed to go,
explaining that Interactive EasyFlow is a copyrighted package licensed for
use by a single person, and sternly warning you not to pirate copies of it
and explaining, in detail, the gory consequences if you do.
	We know that you are an honest person, and are not going to go around
pirating copies of Interactive EasyFlow; this is just as well with us since
we worked hard to perfect it and selling copies of it is our only method of
making anything out of all the hard work.
	If, on the other hand, you are one of those few people who do go
around pirating copies of software you probably aren't going to pay much
attention to a license agreement, bloodthirsty or not.  Just keep your doors
locked and look out for the HavenTree attack shark.
		-- License Agreement for Interactive EasyFlow


No matter how subtle the wizard, a knife in the shoulder blades will seriously
cramp his style.


Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
		-- Seneca


Criticism comes easier than craftsmanship.
		-- Zeuxis


The Worst Jury
	A murder trial at Manitoba in February 1978 was well advanced, when
one juror revealed that he was completely deaf and did not have the
remotest clue what was happening.
	The judge, Mr. Justice Solomon, asked him if he had heard any
evidence at all and, when there was no reply, dismissed him.
	The excitement which this caused was only equalled when a second
juror revealed that he spoke not a word of English.  A fluent French
speaker, he exhibited great surprised when told, after two days, that he
was hearing a murder trial.
	The trial was abandoned when a third juror said that he suffered
from both conditions, being simultaneously unversed in the English language
and nearly as deaf as the first juror.
	The judge ordered a retrial.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


