An Hacker there was, one of the finest sort
Who controlled the system; graphics was his sport.
A manly man, to be a wizard able;
Many a protected file he had sitting on his table.
His console, when he typed, a man might hear
Clicking and feeping wind as clear,
Aye, and as loud as does the machine room bell
Where my lord Hacker was Prior of the cell.
The Rule of good St Savage or St Doeppnor
As old and strict he tended to ignore;
He let go by the things of yesterday
And took the modern world's more spacious way.
He did not rate that text as a plucked hen
Which says that Hackers are not holy men.
And that a hacker underworked is a mere
Fish out of water, flapping on the pier.
That is to say, a hacker out of his cloister.
That was a text he held not worth an oyster.
And I agreed and said his views were sound;
Was he to study till his head wend round
Poring over books in the cloisters?  Must he toil
As Andy bade and till the very soil?
Was he to leave the world upon the shelf?
Let Andy have his labor to himself!
		-- Chaucer
		   [well, almost.  Ed.]


	There once was a man who went to a computer trade show.  Each day as
he entered, the man told the guard at the door:
	"I am a great thief, renowned for my feats of shoplifting.  Be
forewarned, for this trade show shall not escape unplundered."
	This speech disturbed the guard greatly, because there were millions
of dollars of computer equipment inside, so he watched the man carefully.
But the man merely wandered from booth to booth, humming quietly to himself.
	When the man left, the guard took him aside and searched his clothes,
but nothing was to be found.
	On the next day of the trade show, the man returned and chided the
guard saying: "I escaped with a vast booty yesterday, but today will be even
better."  So the guard watched him ever more closely, but to no avail.
	On the final day of the trade show, the guard could restrain his
curiosity no longer. "Sir Thief," he said, "I am so perplexed, I cannot live
in peace.  Please enlighten me.  What is it that you are stealing?"
	The man smiled.  "I am stealing ideas," he said.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


Nothing is illegal if one hundred businessmen decide to do it.
		-- Andrew Young


The best laid plans of mice and men are usually about equal.
		-- Blair


One nuclear bomb can ruin your whole day.


You should tip the waiter $10, minus $2 if he tells you his name,
another $2 if he claims it will be His Pleasure to serve you and
another $2 for each "special" he describes involving confusing terms
such as "shallots," and $4 if the menu contains the word "fixin's."  In
many restaurants, this means the waiter will actually owe you money.
If you are traveling with a child aged six months to three years, you
should leave an additional amount equal to twice the bill to compensate
for the fact that they will have to take the banquette out and burn it
because the cracks are wedged solid with gobbets made of partially
chewed former restaurant rolls saturated with baby spit.

In New York, tip the taxicab driver $40 if he does not mention his
hemorrhoids.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"


This Fortue Examined By INSPECTOR NO. 2-14


Cleveland?
Yes, I spent a week there one day.


An apple every eight hours will keep three doctors away.


War is menstruation envy.


There's nothing like good food, good wine, and a bad girl.


The Enterprise crew when off work
Will fuck like an Ottoman Turk.
	Uhura the Zulu
	Is shacked up with Sulu,
And Spock shares a crew girl with Kirk.


God is really only another artist.  He invented the giraffe, the
elephant and the cat.  He has no real style, He just goes on trying
other things.
		-- Pablo Picasso


I gave my love an Apple, that had no core;
I gave my love a building, that had no floor;
I wrote my love a program, that had no end;
I gave my love an upgrade, with no cryin'.

How can there be an Apple, that has no core?
How can there be a building, that has no floor?
How can there be a program, that has no end?
How can there be an upgrade, with no cryin'?

An Apple's MOS memory don't use no core!
A building that's perfect, it has no flaw!
A program with GOTOs, it has no end!
I lied about the upgrade, with no cryin'!


Journalism is literature in a hurry.
		-- Matthew Arnold


An American businessman in London was given special visitor's privileges at an
exclusive men's club.  Striding in one afternoon, the American approached the
only other man in the lounge and tried to strike up a conversation.  "Care
for a cigar?" he asked.
	"No, thank you," the Englishman replied.  "I tried smoking once and
didn't like it."
	"Would you care to join me in the bar for a drink, then?" the
businessman asked.
	"No, thank you.  I tried drinking once and it didn't agree with me."
	"Well, how about a game of billiards?"
	"Sorry.  I tried it once and couldn't seem to get the hang of it."
	As the American started to turn away, the Englishman said, "But my
son will be here shortly, and I'm sure he would enjoy a game with you."
	"Your son?  An only child, I presume."


A bore is a man who talks so much about
himself that you can't talk about yourself.


Why on earth do people buy old bottles of wine when they can get a
fresh one for a quarter of the price?


You will be reincarnated as a toad; and you will be much happier.


QOTD:
	"I say, and without apology, hang the bitch."


Many a bachelor feels the need to insert his masculinity.


In my world, there are people in chains and we can ride them like ponies.
		-- Evil Willow, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Doppelgangland"
		   Season 3, Episode 16


When I was a young man, I vowed never to marry until I found the ideal
woman.  Well, I found her -- but alas, she was waiting for the ideal man.
		-- Robert Schuman


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #19:

Q:  Doctor, how many autopsies have you performed on dead people?
A:  All my autopsies have been performed on dead people.


If you took all of the grains of sand in the world, and lined
them up end to end in a row, you'd be working for the government!
		-- Mr. Interesting


Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, Jack Frost nipping at your nose?
Norm:  Yep, now let's get Joe Beer nipping at my liver, huh?
		-- Cheers, Feeble Attraction

Sam:  What are you up to Norm?
Norm: My ideal weight if I were eleven feet tall.
		-- Cheers, Bar Wars III: The Return of Tecumseh

Woody: Nice cold beer coming up, Mr. Peterson.
Norm:  You mean, `Nice cold beer going *down* Mr. Peterson.'
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd


A pound of salt will not sweeten a single cup of tea.


Hate is like acid.  It can damage the vessel in which it is
stored as well as destroy the object on which it is poured.


	Churchill was known to drain a glass or two and, after one
particularly convivial evening, he chanced to encounter Miss Bessie Braddock,
a Socialist member of the House of Commons, who, upon seeing his condition,
said, "Winston, you're drunk."  Mustering all his dignity, Churchill drew
himself up to his full height, cocked an eyebrow and rejoined, "Shove it up
your ass, you ugly cunt."
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


Would the last person to leave Michigan please turn out the lights?


Said a girl who upon her divan
Was attacked by a virile young man:
	"Such excess of passion
	Is quite out of fashion"
And she fractured his wrist with her fan.
		-- Edward Gorey


Life is a concentration camp.  You're stuck here and there's no way
out and you can only rage impotently against your persecutors.
		-- Woody Allen


When someone makes a move		We'll send them all we've got,
Of which we don't approve,		John Wayne and Randolph Scott,
Who is it that always intervenes?	Remember those exciting fighting scenes?
U.N. and O.A.S.,			To the shores of Tripoli,
They have their place, I guess,		But not to Mississippoli,
But first, send the Marines!		What do we do?  We send the Marines!

For might makes right,			Members of the corps
And till they've seen the light,	All hate the thought of war:
They've got to be protected,		They'd rather kill them off by
						peaceful means.
All their rights respected,		Stop calling it aggression--
Till somebody we like can be elected.	We hate that expression!
					We only want the world to know
					That we support the status quo;
					They love us everywhere we go,
					So when in doubt, send the Marines!
		-- Tom Lehrer, "Send The Marines"


The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep.
		-- W. C. Fields


Usage: fortune -P [] -a [xsz] [Q: [file]] [rKe9] -v6[+] dataspec ... inputdir


Time-sharing is the junk-mail part of the computer business.
		-- H. R. J. Grosch (attributed)


If the meanings of "true" and "false" were switched,
then this sentence would not be false.


Events are not affected, they develop.
		-- Sri Aurobindo


The world is coming to an end!
Repent and return those library books!


Publishing a volume of verse is like dropping
a rose petal down the Grand Canyon and waiting for the echo.


Fame lost its appeal for me when I went into a public restroom and an
autograph seeker handed me a pen and paper under the stall door.
		-- Marlo Thomas


A man gazing at the stars is proverbially at the mercy of the puddles
in the road.
		-- Alexander Smith


Sex is low in calories, and *oooh* that aftertaste!


Do what you can to prolong your life,
in the hope that someday you'll learn what it's for.


Said a happy young man of Fort Drum:
"What care I for this shortage of gum?
	My favorite chew
	Is a condom or two,
With a goodly amount of fresh come."


No woman can endure a gambling husband, unless he is a steady winner.
		-- Lord Thomas Robert Dewar


Besides the device, the box should contain:

* Eight little rectangular snippets of paper that say "WARNING"

* A plastic packet containing four 5/17 inch pilfer grommets and two
  club-ended 6/93 inch boxcar prawns.

YOU WILL NEED TO SUPPLY: a matrix wrench and 60,000 feet of tram
cable.

IF ANYTHING IS DAMAGED OR MISSING: You IMMEDIATELY should turn to your
spouse and say: "Margaret, you know why this country can't make a car
that can get all the way through the drive-through at Burger King
without a major transmission overhaul?  Because nobody cares, that's
why."

WARNING: This is assuming your spouse's name is Margaret.
		-- Dave Barry, "Read This First!"


The average individual's position in any hierarchy is a lot like pulling
a dogsled -- there's no real change of scenery except for the lead dog.


Doubt isn't the opposite of faith; it is an element of faith.
		-- Paul Tillich, German theologian


One doesn't have a sense of humor.  It has you.
		-- Larry Gelbart


There are four stages to a marriage.  First there's the affair, then there's
the marriage, then children and finally the fourth stage, without which you
cannot know a woman, the divorce.
		-- Norman Mailer


That does not compute.


OPTIMIST:
	A man who makes a motel reservation before a blind date.


Paranoid Club meeting this Friday.
Now ... just try to find out where!


The better the state is established, the fainter is humanity.
To make the individual uncomfortable, that is my task.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


He's just like Capistrano, always ready for a few swallows.


Ozman's Laws:
	(1)  If someone says he will do something "without fail," he won't.
	(2)  The more people talk on the phone, the less money they make.
	(3)  People who go to conferences are the ones who shouldn't.
	(4)  Pizza always burns the roof of your mouth.


A policeman is walking his beat when he finds an inebriated man collapsed
against a building, weeping uncontrollably and holding his car keys in his
hands.  He's moaning something about how "They took my car!"  Seeing that
the man is well-dressed, the officer suspects that he may have a real case
of theft on his hands and attempts to question the man.
	"What happened to your car?"
	"My car, it was right on the end of my key, and those bastards
stole it!  Please officer, get my Porsche back.  My God, it was right on
the end of my key!  Where is it?  They stole it and it was right here;
right on my key!"
	"OK, OK, stand up, we'll see what we can do.  You'll have to come
down to the stat...  Mister, your fly's unzipped and you're exposing
yourself!"
	"Oh my God, they stole my girlfriend!"


LIBRA (Sep. 23 to Oct. 22)
	Your desire for justice and truth will be overshadowed by your desire
	for filthy lucre and a decent meal.  Be gracious and polite.  Someone
	is watching you, so stop staring like that.


In God we trust; all else we walk through.


If scientific reasoning were limited to the logical processes of
arithmetic, we should not get very far in our understanding of the physical
world.  One might as well attempt to grasp the game of poker entirely by
the use of the mathematics of probability.
		-- Vannevar Bush


"The subspace _W inherits the other 8 properties of _V. And there aren't
even any property taxes."
		-- J. MacKay, Mathematics 134b


To a Californian, all New Yorkers are cold; even in heat they rarely go
above fifty-eight degrees.  If you collapse on a street in New York, plan
to spend a few days there.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


Positive, adj.:
	Mistaken at the top of one's voice.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Peter's Law of Substitution:
	Look after the molehills, and the
	mountains will look after themselves.

Peter's Principle of Success:
	Get up one time more than you're knocked down.

Peter's Principle:
	In every hierarchy, each employee tends to rise to the level of
	his incompetence.


That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love,
that no one could have loved so before us, and that no one will love
in the same way as us.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Dow's Law:
	In a hierarchical organization,
	the higher the level, the greater the confusion.


If you had better tools, you could more
effectively demonstrate your total incompetence.


The thrill is here, but it won't last long
You'd better have your fun before it moves along...


Note to myself: use real bullets next time.


Brillineggiava, ed i tovoli slati
	girlavano ghimbanti nella vaba;
i borogovi eran tutti mimanti
	e la moma radeva fuorigraba.

"Figliuolo mio, sta' attento al Gibrovacco,
	dagli artigli e dal morso lacerante;
fuggi l'uccello Giuggiolo, e nel sacco
	metti infine il frumioso Bandifante".
		-- "The Jabberwock"


Candy
Is dandy
But liquor
Is quicker.
		-- Ogden Nash, "Reflections on Ice-Breaking"

Fortune updates the great quotes: #53.
	Candy is dandy; but liquor is quicker,
	and sex won't rot your teeth.


The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings;
the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of misery.
		-- Winston Churchill


You're at Witt's End.


Save a mouse, eat a pussy!


CAPRICORN (Dec 23 - Jan 19)
	You are conservative and afraid of taking risks.  You don't do
	much of anything and are lazy.  There has never been a Capricorn
	of any importance.  Capricorns should avoid standing still for
	too long as they tend to take root and become trees.


American business long ago gave up on demanding that prospective
employees be honest and hardworking.  It has even stopped hoping for
employees who are educated enough that they can tell the difference
between the men's room and the women's room without having little
pictures on the doors.
		-- Dave Barry, "Urine Trouble, Mister"


Money is truthful.  If a man speaks of his honor, make him pay cash.
		-- Lazarus Long


	... with liberty and justice for all who can afford it.


You see things; and you say "Why?"
But I dream things that never were; and I say "Why not?"
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "Back to Methuselah"
		   [No, it wasn't John F. Kennedy.  Ed.]


It is not a good omen when goldfish commit suicide.


Dreams are free, but there's a small charge for alterations.


Supervisor: Do you think you understand the basic ideas of Quantum Mechanics?
Supervisee: Ah! Well, what do we mean by "to understand" in the context of
	    Quantum Mechanics?
Supervisor: You mean "No", don't you?
Supervisee: Yes.
		-- Overheard at a supervision


Q:	What do WASPs do instead of making love?
A:	Rule the country.


Flame on!
		-- Johnny Storm


Do not sleep in a eucalyptus tree tonight.


May the fairy god-camel leave a lump on your pillow!


Floppy now, hard later.


Life exists for no known purpose.


Arkansas:
	Where the men are men, so are the women and the sheep run scared.


There are more ways of killing a cat than choking her with cream.


Nothing, adj.:
	A man with an erection who walks into a wall and breaks his nose.


QOTD:
	"The forest may be quiet, but that doesn't mean
	the snakes have gone away."


They wouldn't listen to the fact that I was a genius,
The man said "We got all that we can use",
So I've got those steadily-depressin', low-down, mind-messin',
Working-at-the-car-wash blues.
		-- Jim Croce


Madness takes its toll.


Avec!


RADIO SHACK LEVEL II BASIC
READY
>_


You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.


I can't stand squealers; hit that guy.
		-- Albert Anastasia


Money is truthful.  If a man speaks of his honor, make him pay cash.
		-- Lazarus Long


Fuck art; let's dance!


If I don't drive around the park,
I'm pretty sure to make my mark.
If I'm in bed each night by ten,
I may get back my looks again.
If I abstain from fun and such,
I'll probably amount to much;
But I shall stay the way I am,
Because I do not give a damn.
		-- Dorothy Parker


When in panic, fear and doubt,
Drink in barrels, eat, and shout.


You can move the world with an idea,
but you have to think of it first.


My analyst told me that I was right out of my head,
	But I said, "Dear Doctor, I think that it is you instead.
Because I have got a thing that is unique and new,
	To prove it I'll have the last laugh on you.
'Cause instead of one head -- I've got two.

And you know two heads are better than one.


When you have an efficient government, you have a dictatorship.
		-- Harry S. Truman


Just out of curiosity does this actually mean something or have some
of the few remaining bits of your brain just evaporated?
		-- Patricia O Tuama, rissa@killer.DALLAS.TX.US


Please help keep the world clean: others may wish to use it.


Far duller than a serpent's tooth it is to spend a quiet youth.


