TRANSACTION CANCELED - FARECARD RETURNED


Now that day wearies me,
My yearning desire
Will receive more kindly,
Like a tired child, the starry night.

Hands, leave off your deeds,
Mind, forget all thoughts;
All of my forces
Yearn only to sink into sleep.

And my soul, unguarded,
Would soar on widespread wings,
To live in night's magical sphere
More profoundly, more variously.
		-- Hermann Hesse, "Going to Sleep"


I really had to act; 'cause I didn't have any lines.
		-- Marilyn Chambers


Did you know about the -o option of the fortune program?  It makes a
selection from a set of offensive and/or obscene fortunes.  Why not
try it, and see how offended you are?  The -a ("all") option will
select a fortune at random from either the offensive or inoffensive
set, and it is suggested that "fortune -a" is the command that you
should have in your .profile or .cshrc. file.


Wall Street indices predicted nine out of the last five recessions
		-- Paul A. Samuelson, Nobel laureate in economics
		   (Newsweek, Science and Stocks, 19 Sep. 1966.)


Zymurgy's Law of Volunteer Labor:
	People are always available for work in the past tense.


	   THE DAILY PLANET

	SUPERMAN SAVES DESSERT!
	Plans to "Eat it later"


Old programmers never die, they just become managers.


There was a young tenor named Springer,
Got his testicles caught in a wringer.
	He hollered in pain,
	As they rolled down the drain,
"There goes my career as a singer!"


We all live under the same sky, but we don't all have the same horizon.
		-- Dr. Konrad Adenauer


Not every problem someone has with his girlfriend is necessarily due to
the capitalist mode of production.
		-- Herbert Marcuse


Creativity in living is not without its attendant difficulties, for
peculiarity breeds contempt. And the unfortunate thing about being
ahead of your time when people finally realize you were right, they'll
say it was obvious all along.
		-- Alan Ashley-Pitt


Fortunate is he for whom the belle toils.


A bug in the code is worth two in the documentation.


Serfs up!
		-- Spartacus


Subpoena, n.:
	From the root "sub", below, and the Latin "poena" for male
	organ or penis.  Therefore, "below the penis" or "by the balls."


Blackout, heatwave, .44 caliber homicide,
The bums drop dead and the dogs go mad in packs on the West Side,
A young girl standing on a ledge, looks like another suicide,
She wants to hit those bricks,
	'cause the news at six got to stick to a deadline,
While the millionaires hide in Beekman place,
The bag ladies throw their bones in my face,
I get attacked by a kid with stereo sound,
I don't want to hear it but he won't turn it down...
		-- Billy Joel, "Glass Houses"


Then there was the girl who was engaged
to a gymnast -- 'til he broke it off.


Hear about...
	the ultimate in singles bars.  It's a place where girls have
	to show their I.U.D.'s to be admitted?


To give happiness is to deserve happiness.


The Marines:
	The few, the proud, the not very bright.


American culture is based on the automobile, and any young man of promise
is going to own one and want to travel great distances in it.  Consequently,
any young woman of aspiration should expect to spend most of her vacations
in a car, probing into unfamiliar corners.  She is not required to know how
to drive but she will certainly be expected to read the road map while her
husband drives, and if she can't, or if she's abnormally slow in giving him
help, she's bound to cause trouble.  Therefore, you'd think that colleges
which train the bright young women who're going to marry the bright young
men who are going to own the Cadillacs that roar back and forth across this
continent would teach the girls to read maps.  None do. They teach a hundred
other useless things, but never a word about the one that will cause the
greatest friction.
		-- James Michener, "Space"


... so long as the people do not care to exercise their freedom, those
who wish to tyrannize will do so; for tyrants are active and ardent,
and will devote themselves in the name of any number of gods, religious
and otherwise, to put shackles upon sleeping men.
		-- Voltarine de Cleyre


Joan of Arc is alive and medium well.


As he had feared, his orders had been forgotten and everyone had brought
the potato salad.


One Saturday afternoon, during the campaign to decide whether or not
there should be a Coastal Commission, I took a helicopter ride from Los
Angeles to San Diego.  We passed several state beaches, some crowded
and some virtually empty.  They had the same facilities, and in some
cases the crowded and the empty beach were within a quarter mile of
each other.  Obviously many beach-goers prefer to be crowded together.
Buying more beaches that people won't go to because they prefer to be
crowded together on one beach is a ridiculous waste of our natural
resources and our taxes.
		-- Ronald Reagan


Q:	How do you tell that your roommate's gay?
A:	When his cock tastes like shit.


Easy come and easy go,
	some call me easy money,
Sometimes life is full of laughs,
	and sometimes it ain't funny
You may think that I'm a fool
	and sometimes that is true,
But I'm goin' to heaven in a flash of fire,
	with or without you.
		-- Hoyt Axton


Emacs, n.:
	A slow-moving parody of a text editor.


If you ever want to have a lot of fun, I recommend that you go off and program
an embedded system.  The salient characteristic of an embedded system is that
it cannot be allowed to get into a state from which only direct intervention
will suffice to remove it.  An embedded system can't permanently trust anything
it hears from the outside world.  It must sniff around, adapt, consider, sniff
around, and adapt again.  I'm not talking about ordinary modular programming
carefulness here.  No.  Programming an embedded system calls for undiluted
raging maniacal paranoia.  For example, our ethernet front ends need to know
what network number they are on so that they can address and route PUPs
properly.  How do you find out what your network number is?  Easy, you ask a
gateway.  Gateways are required by definition to know their correct network
numbers.  Once you've got your network number, you start using it and before
you can blink you've got it wired into fifteen different sockets spread all
over creation.  Now what happens when the panic-stricken operator realizes he
was running the wrong version of the gateway which was giving out the wrong
network number?  Never supposed to happen.  Tough.  Supposing that your
software discovers that the gateway is now giving out a different network
number than before, what's it supposed to do about it?  This is not discussed
in the protocol document.  Never supposed to happen.  Tough.  I think you
get my drift.


Demographic polls show that you have lost credibility across the
board.  Especially with those 14 year-old Valley girls.


A rabbi and a priest are sitting together on a train, and the rabbi leans
over and asks, "So, how high can you advance in your organization?"
	The priest replies, "Well, if I am lucky, I guess I could become a
Bishop."
	"Well, could you get any higher than that?"
	"I suppose that if my works are seen in a very good light that I
might be made an Archbishop."
	"Is there any way that you might go higher than that?"
	"If all the Saints should smile, I guess I could be made a Cardinal."
	"Could you be anything higher than a Cardinal?"
	Hesitating a little bit, the priest said, "I suppose that I could
be elected Pope, but only if it's God's will."
	"And could you be anything higher than that, is there any way to go
up from being the Pope?"
	"What?!  I should be the Messiah himself?!"
	The rabbi leaned back and smiled.  "One of our boys made it."


Love comes in spurts.
		-- Devo, "Please Please"


The hardest part of climbing the ladder of
success is getting through the crowd at the bottom.


It occurred to me lately that nothing has occurred to me lately.


The early bird who catches the worm works for someone who comes in late
and owns the worm farm.
		-- Travis McGee


I can hire one half of the working class to kill the other half.
		-- Jay Gould


Darling: the popular form of address used in speaking to a member of the
opposite sex whose name you cannot at the moment remember.
		-- Oliver Herford


Don't buy a landslide.  I don't want to have to pay for one more vote
than I have to.
		-- Joseph P. Kennedy, on JFK's election strategy


They sentenced me to twenty years of boredom for trying to change the
system from within.  I'm coming now I'm coming to reward them.  First
we take Manhattan, then we take Berlin.

I'm guided by a signal in the heavens.  I'm guided by this birthmark on
my skin.  I'm guided by the beauty of our weapons.  First we take Manhattan,
then we take Berlin.

I'd really like to live beside you, baby.  I love your body and your spirit
and your clothes.  But you see that line there moving through the station?
I told you I told you I told you I was one of those.
		-- Leonard Cohen, "First We Take Manhattan"


Meester, do you vant to buy a duck?


He was part of my dream, of course --
but then I was part of his dream too.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


Stuckness shouldn't be avoided.  It's the psychic predecessor of all
real understanding.  An egoless acceptance of stuckness is a key to an
understanding of all Quality, in mechanical work as in other endeavors.
		-- Robert Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"


If God had meant for us to have group sex, he'd have given us more organs.
		-- Malcolm Bradbury


Overconfidence breeds error when we take for granted that the game will
continue on its normal course; when we fail to provide for an unusually
powerful resource -- a check, a sacrifice, a stalemate.  Afterwards the
victim may wail, `But who could have dreamt of such an idiotic-looking
move?'
		-- Fred Reinfeld, "The Complete Chess Course"


Cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson"


I steal.
		-- Sam Giancana, explaining his livelihood to his draft board

Easy.  I own Chicago.  I own Miami.  I own Las Vegas.
		-- Sam Giancana, when asked what he did for a living


"My trip? It was vile. Balaclava
I loathed.  Etna was crawling with lava.
	The ship was all white
	But it creaked in the night,
And the band, they did not know la java."
		-- Edward Gorey


Power corrupts.  And atomic power corrupts atomically.


What did Snow white say when told she was pregnant?
	"I'd like to thank all the little people who made this possible..."

Presumably this all started that evening when she was feeling Happy...


Xerox does it again and again and again and ...


I tell ya, drugs never worked out for me.  The first time I tried smoking
pot I didn't know what I was doing.  I smoked half the joint, got the
munchies, and ate the other half.

Well, the first time I tried coke I was so embarrassed.  I kept getting the
bottle stuck up my nose.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


You can only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.


An honest tale speeds best being plainly told.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


Laugh at your problems:  everybody else does.


Well, he went down to dinner in his Sunday best,
Excitable boy, they all said!
And he rubbed the pot roast all over his chest,
Excitable boy, they all said!  (Well, he's just an excitable boy.)

He took in the 4am show at the Clark,
Excitable boy, they all said!
And he bit the usherette's leg in the dark,
Excitable boy, they all said!  (Well, he's just an excitable boy.)

He took little Susie to the junior prom,
Excitable boy, they all said!
And he raped her and killed her, then he took her home,
Excitable boy, they all said!  (Well, he's just an excitable boy!)

After ten long years they let him out of the home,
Excitable boy, they all said!
And he dug up her grave and built a cage with her bones,
Excitable boy, they all said!  (Well, he's just an excitable boy.)
		-- Warren Zevon, "Excitable Boy"


It occurred to me lately that nothing has occurred to me lately.


Q:	What do you do if an Irishman throws a pin at you?
A:	Run like hell, he's got a grenade in his mouth!!


It occurred to me lately that nothing has occurred to me lately.


Useful Farsi phrases for Americans traveling to Iran:

AKBAR KHALI-KILI HAFTIR LOTFAN.
	Thank you for showing me your marvelous gun.

FEKR GABUL CARDAN DAVAT PAEH GUSH DIVAR.
	I am delighted to accept your kind invitation to lie down
	on the floor with my arms above my head and my legs apart.

SHOMAEH FEKR TAMOMEH QEH GOFTEH BANDE.
	I agree with everything you have ever said or thought in your life.


	"Don't come back until you have him", the Tick-Tock Man said quietly,
sincerely, extremely dangerously.
	They used dogs.  They used probes.  They used cardio plate crossoffs.
They used teepers.  They used bribery.  They used stick tites.  They used
intimidation.  They used torment.  They used torture.  They used finks.
They used cops.  They used search and seizure.  They used fallaron.  They
used betterment incentives.  They used finger prints.  They used the
bertillion system.  They used cunning.  They used guile.  They used treachery.
They used Raoul-Mitgong but he wasn't much help.  They used applied physics.
They used techniques of criminology.  And what the hell, they caught him.
		-- Harlan Ellison, "Repent, Harlequin, said the Tick-Tock Man"


The brotherhood of man is not a mere poet's dream; it is a most depressing
and humiliating reality.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Thirteen at a table is unlucky only
when the hostess has only twelve chops.
		-- Groucho Marx


The number of feet in a yard is directly proportional to the success
of the barbecue.


Soldiers who wish to be a hero
Are practically zero,
But those who wish to be civilians,
They run into the millions.


Logic is the chastity belt of the mind!


When a lot of remedies are suggested for
a disease, that means it can't be cured.
		-- Chekhov, "The Cherry Orchard"


Acid -- better living through chemistry.


It's easy to forgive someone for being wrong;
it's much harder to forgive them for being right.


There are Jews in the world, there are Buddhists,	Every sperm is sacred,
there are Hindus and Mormons and then			Every sperm is great,
there are those that follow Mohammed  ...But...		If a sperm is wasted,
I've never been one of them.				God gets quite irate.

I am a Roman Catholic					Every sperm is wanted,
And have been since before I was born,			Every sperm is good.
And the one thing they say about Catholics is		Every sperm is needed,
They'll take you as soon as you're warm.		In your neighborhood.

You don't have to be a six-footer.		Let the heathens spill theirs,
You don't have to have a great brain.		On the dusty ground.
You don't have to have any clothes on,		God shall make them pay for
You're a Catholic the moment Dad came		Each sperm that can't be found.
...Because...

Hindu, Taoist, Mormon,				Every sperm is useful,
spill theirs just anywhere			Every sperm is fine.
but God loves those who treat their		God needs everybodies,
semen with more care.				Mine, and mine, and mine.
		-- Monty Python, "Every Sperm is Sacred"


You have a reputation for being thoroughly reliable and trustworthy.
A pity that it's totally undeserved.


Am I ranting?  I hope so.  My ranting gets raves.


QOTD:
	"It seems to me that your antenna doesn't bring in too many
	stations anymore."


FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #5

	Don't wear your spurs while making love in a waterbed.


What, still alive at twenty-two,
A clean upstanding chap like you?
Sure, if your throat 'tis hard to slit,
Slit your girl's, and swing for it.
Like enough, you won't be glad,
When they come to hang you, lad:
But bacon's not the only thing
That's cured by hanging from a string.
So, when the spilt ink of the night
Spreads o'er the blotting pad of light,
Lads whose job is still to do
Shall whet their knives, and think of you.
		-- Hugh Kingsmill


No man is an island if he's on at least one mailing list.


There are no rules for March.  March is spring, sort
of, usually, March means maybe, but don't bet on it.


Some things have to be believed to be seen.


You have the body of a 19 year old.  Please return it before it gets
wrinkled.


When in doubt, have a man come through the door with a gun in his hand.
		-- Raymond Chandler


Accent on helpful side of your nature.  Drain the moat.


POVERTY:
	An unfortunate state that persists as long
	as anyone lacks anything he would like to have.


Hear about...
	the recent cigarette survey that disclosed that 99% of the
	men who have tried Camels have gone back to women?


panic: kernel segmentation violation. core dumped		(only kidding)


Q:	Know what the difference between your latest project
	and putting wings on an elephant is?
A:	Who knows?  The elephant *might* fly, heh, heh...


Q:	What do you call couples that use that rhythm method?
A:	Parents.


Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance?
		-- Charlie McCarthy


The rhino is a homely beast,
For human eyes he's not a feast.
Farewell, farewell, you old rhinoceros,
I'll stare at something less prepoceros.
		-- Ogden Nash


The nervous young bride became irritated by her husband's lusty advances on
their wedding night and reprimanded him severely.
	"I demand proper manners in bed," she declared, "just as I do at
the dinner table."
	Amused by his wife's formality, the groom smoothed his rumpled hair
and climbed quietly between the sheets.  "Is that better?" he asked, with a
hint of a smile.
	"Yes," replied the girl, "much better."
	"Very good, darling," the husband whispered.  "Now would you
be so kind as to please pass the pussy?"


We are upping our standards ... so up yours.
		-- Pat Paulsen for President


Reichel's Law:
	A body on vacation tends to remain on vacation unless acted upon by
	an outside force.


4.2 BSD UNIX #57: Sun Jun 1 23:02:07 EDT 1986

You swing at the Sun.  You miss.  The Sun swings.  He hits you with a
575MB disk!  You read the 575MB disk.  It is written in an alien
tongue and cannot be read by your tired Sun-2 eyes.  You throw the
575MB disk at the Sun.  You hit!  The Sun must repair your eyes.  The
Sun reads a scroll.  He hits your 130MB disk!  He has defeated the
130MB disk!  The Sun reads a scroll.  He hits your Ethernet board!  He
has defeated your Ethernet board!  You read a scroll of "postpone until
Monday at 9 AM".  Everything goes dark...
		-- /etc/motd, cbosgd


Pig, n.:
	An animal (Porcus omnivorous) closely allied to the human race
	by the splendor and vivacity of its appetite, which, however,
	is inferior in scope, for it balks at pig.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


During the darkest days of World War II, when each night brought waves of
Luftwaffe bombers raining death and destruction on a near-defenseless London,
Prime Minister Churchill went on the air to address the British people.  "I
read this morning's paper that Herr Hitler plans to wring England's neck like
that of a chicken," he began, "and I was reminded of what the Irish poacher
said as he stood on the gallows.  It seems the poor fellow was approached by a
well-meaning if somewhat overzealous priest who, in horrific detail, described
the unfading torments of Hades which awaited him if he did not repent of his
misdeeds. The condemned man listened patiently to all that the priest had to
say, and when he was done, grinned broadly and replied, 'Eat it raw, fuzz
nuts.'"
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


When we write programs that "learn",
it turns out we do and they don't.


Theorem: All positive integers are equal.
Proof: Sufficient to show that for any two positive integers, A and B, A = B.
	Further, it is sufficient to show that for all N > 0, if A and B
	(positive integers) satisfy (MAX(A, B) = N) then A = B.

Proceed by induction:
	If N = 1, then A and B, being positive integers, must both be 1.
	So A = B.

Assume that the theorem is true for some value k.  Take A and B with
	MAX(A, B) = k+1.  Then MAX((A-1), (B-1)) = k.  And hence
	(A-1) = (B-1).  Consequently, A = B.


"God is as real as I am," the old man said.  My faith was restored, for
I knew that Santa would never lie.


QOTD:
	"I won't say he's unsavory, but for his birthday he bought himself
	a pair of velcro gloves."


Politicians do it to everyone.


Tonight you will pay the wages of sin;
Don't forget to leave a tip.


Quark!  Quark!  Beware the quantum duck!


Let me not to the marriage of true minds
Admit impediments.  Love is not love
Which alters when it alteration finds,
Or bends with the remover to remove.
O, no! it is an ever-fixed mark,
That looks on tempests and is never shaken;
It is the star to every wandering bark,
Whose worth's unknown, although his height be taken.
Love's not Time's fool, though rosy lips and cheeks
Within his bending sickle's compass come;
Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks,
But bears it out even to the edge of doom.
    If this be error and upon me proved,
    I never writ, nor no man ever loved.
		-- William Shakespeare, Sonnet CXVI


The fashion wears out more apparel than the man.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Much Ado About Nothing"


Unfair animal names:

-- tsetse fly			-- bullhead
-- booby			-- duck-billed platypus
-- sapsucker			-- Clarence
		-- Gary Larson


Second Law of Business Meetings:
	If there are two possible ways to spell a person's name, you
	will pick the wrong one.

Corollary:
	If there is only one way to spell a name,
	you will spell it wrong, anyway.


Let me assure you that to us here at First National, you're not just a
number.  You're two numbers, a dash, three more numbers, another dash and
another number.
		-- James Estes


CLONE OF MY OWN (to Home on the Range)

Oh, give me a clone
Of my own flesh and bone
	With the Y chromosome changed to X.
And when she is grown,
My very own clone,
	We'll be of the opposite sex.

Chorus:
	Clone, clone of my own,
	With the Y chromosome changed to X.
	And when we're alone,
	Since her mind is my own,
	She'll be thinking of nothing but sex.
		-- Randall Garrett


As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error.
		-- Weisert


Who took the MMMMMM out of MURINE?


LA:
	Where the only way to determine that the seasons have changed
	is to note that people have changed the main topic of conversation.
	From mud slides to brush fires.


Lank:	Here we go.  We're about to set a new record.
Earl:	(to the crowd) How about a date?
Lank:	We've done it.  Earl has set a new record.  Turned down by
	20,000 women.
		-- Lank and Earl


If we can ever make red tape nutritional, we can feed the world.
		-- R. Schaeberle, "Management Accounting"


As you know, birds do not have sexual organs because they would
interfere with flight.  [In fact, this was the big breakthrough for the
Wright Brothers.  They were watching birds one day, trying to figure
out how to get their crude machine to fly, when suddenly it dawned on
Wilbur.  "Orville," he said, "all we have to do is remove the sexual
organs!"  You should have seen their original design.]  As a result,
birds are very, very difficult to arouse sexually.  You almost never
see an aroused bird.  So when they want to reproduce, birds fly up and
stand on telephone lines, where they monitor telephone conversations
with their feet.  When they find a conversation in which people are
talking dirty, they grip the line very tightly until they are both
highly aroused, at which point the female gets pregnant.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sex and the Single Amoeba: What Every
		   Teen Should Know"


Nobody takes a bribe.  Of course at Christmas if you happen to hold out
your hat and somebody happens to put a little something in it, well, that's
different.
		-- New York City Police Commissioner (Ret.) William P.
		   O'Brien, instructions to the force.


Living in the complex world of the future is somewhat
like having bees live in your head.  But, there they are.


Watch out for a cold wave this week.  (Or maybe a warm WAC.)


Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.
		-- Alan Watts


You will be Told about it Tomorrow.  Go Home and Prepare Thyself.


	In the beginning there was data.  The data was without form and
null, and darkness was upon the face of the console; and the Spirit of
IBM was moving over the face of the market.  And DEC said, "Let there
be registers"; and there were registers.  And DEC saw that they
carried; and DEC separated the data from the instructions.  DEC called
the data Stack, and the instructions they called Code.  And there was
evening and there was morning, one interrupt.
		-- Rico Tudor, "The Story of Creation or, The Myth of Urk"


QOTD:
	"Whhoooooooeeeeeeeeeee, Elmer!  Take a look at that purty young lady
	over thar!  Why, I'd walk a mile barefoot over barbed wire and broken
	glass just to drive the truck that takes her panties to the cleaners!"


It's not whether you win or lose but how you played the game.
		-- Grantland Rice


If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate.


One of the most striking differences between a
cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives.
		-- Mark Twain


In marriage, as in war, it is permitted
to take every advantage of the enemy.


