Associate with well-mannered persons and your manners will improve.  Run
with decent folk and your own decent instincts will be strengthened.  Keep
the company of bums and you will become a bum.  Hang around with rich people
and you will end by picking up the check and dying broke.
		-- Stanley Walker


X windows:
	Something you can be ashamed of.
	30%% more entropy than the leading window system.
	The first fully modular software disaster.
	Rome was destroyed in a day.
	Warn your friends about it.
	Climbing to new depths.  Sinking to new heights.
	An accident that couldn't wait to happen.
	Don't wait for the movie.
	Never use it after a big meal.
	Need we say less?
	Plumbing the depths of human incompetence.
	It'll make your day.
	Don't get frustrated without it.
	Power tools for power losers.
	A software disaster of Biblical proportions.
	Never had it.  Never will.
	The software with no visible means of support.
	More than just a generation behind.

Hindenburg.  Titanic.  Edsel.
	X windows.


Campus crusade for Cthulhu -- it found me.


QOTD:
	"Whip me, beat me, come all over me, tell me you love me.
	Then get the fuck out."


It is always the best policy to tell the truth, unless, of course,
you are an exceptionally good liar.
		-- Jerome K. Jerome


Nothing is rich but the inexhaustible wealth of nature.
She shows us only surfaces, but she is a million fathoms deep.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Q:	What do elephants use instead of tampons?
A:	Sheep.  Well, they used to, anyway.  There have been so many cases
	of Toxic Flock Syndrome recently that their ewes has been discouraged.

Q:	Why do elephants have trunks?
A:	Sheep don't have strings.


What fools these morals be!


The young lady had an unusual list,
Linked in part to a structural weakness.
She set no preconditions.


I would like to say, Mister Bunce,
I'm a great connoisseur of hot cunts.
	And in all my lewd life
	I've met none like your wife,
So why leave her to me, you big dunce?


	This is where the bloodthirsty license agreement is supposed to go,
explaining that Interactive EasyFlow is a copyrighted package licensed for
use by a single person, and sternly warning you not to pirate copies of it
and explaining, in detail, the gory consequences if you do.
	We know that you are an honest person, and are not going to go around
pirating copies of Interactive EasyFlow; this is just as well with us since
we worked hard to perfect it and selling copies of it is our only method of
making anything out of all the hard work.
	If, on the other hand, you are one of those few people who do go
around pirating copies of software you probably aren't going to pay much
attention to a license agreement, bloodthirsty or not.  Just keep your doors
locked and look out for the HavenTree attack shark.
		-- License Agreement for Interactive EasyFlow


Love is just for now ... herpes lasts forever.


As I bit into the nectarine, it had a crisp juiciness about it that was very
pleasurable - until I realized it wasn't a nectarine at all, but A HUMAN HEAD!!
		-- Jack Handey


The question is, why are politicians so eager to be president?  What is
it about the job that makes it worth revealing, on national television,
that you have the ethical standards of a slime-coated piece of
industrial waste?
		-- Dave Barry, "On Presidential Politics"


Campus sidewalks never exist as the straightest line between two
points.
		-- M. M. Johnston


Life is a grand adventure -- or it is nothing.
		-- Helen Keller


There are no rules for March.  March is spring, sort
of, usually, March means maybe, but don't bet on it.


	The defense attorney was hammering away at the plaintiff: "You
claim," he jeered, "that my client came at you with a broken bottle in
his hand.  But is it not true, that you had something in YOUR hand?"

	"Yes," he admitted, "his wife.  Very charming, of course, but
not much good in a fight."


It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
		-- Walt Disney


Cut a man's hand when you fight him.  He'll freeze, fascinated by the sight
of his own blood.  That's when you stick him in the throat.
		-- Gerry Youghkins

If you look rather casual with the knife when you flick it open, people
don't like it.
		-- Gerry Youghkins


Although the moon is smaller than the earth, it is farther away.


	We have some absolutely irrefutable statistics to show exactly why
you are so tired.
	There are not as many people actually working as you may have thought.
	The population of this country is 200 million.  84 million are over
60 years of age, which leaves 116 million to do the work.  People under 20
years of age total 75 million, which leaves 41 million to do the work.
	There are 22 million who are employed by the government, which leaves
19 million to do the work.  Four million are in the Armed Services, which
leaves 15 million to do the work.  Deduct 14,800,000, the number in the state
and city offices, leaving 200,000 to do the work.  There are 188,000 in
hospitals, insane asylums, etc., so that leaves 12,000 to do the work.
	Now it may interest you to know that there are 11,998 people in jail,
so that leaves just 2 people to carry the load. That is you and me, and
brother, I'm getting tired of doing everything myself!


If the odds are a million to one against something
occurring, chances are 50-50 it will.


We aren't what we eat.  We are what we don't shit.
		-- Hugh Romney


The Stealth Condom -- they'll never see you coming.


Program, n.:
	A magic spell cast over a computer allowing it to turn one's input
	into error messages.  tr.v. To engage in a pastime similar to banging
	one's head against a wall, but with fewer opportunities for reward.


A [golf] ball sliced or hooked into the rough shall be lifted and placed in
the fairway at a point equal to the distance it carried or rolled into the
rough.  Such veering right or left frequently results from friction between
the face of the club and the cover of the ball and the player should not be
penalized for the erratic behavior of the ball resulting from such
uncontrollable physical phenomena.
		-- Donald A. Metz


Never be afraid to tell the world who you are.
		-- Anonymous


All things being equal, you are bound to lose.


Today's thrilling story has been brought to you by Mushies, the great new
cereal that gets soggy even without milk or cream.  Join us soon for more
spectacular adventure starring...  Tippy, the Wonder Dog!
		-- Bob & Ray


An eye in a blue face
Saw an eye in a green face.
"That eye is like this eye"
Said the first eye,
"But in low place,
Not in high place."


More than any time in history, mankind now faces a crossroads.  One path
leads to despair and utter hopelessness, the other to total extinction.
Let us pray that we have the wisdom to choose correctly.
		-- Woody Allen, "Side Effects"


	"You have heard me speak of Professor Moriarty?"
	"The famous scientific criminal, as famous among crooks as --"
	"My blushes, Watson," Holmes murmured, in a deprecating voice.  "I
was about to say 'as he is unknown to the public.'"
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "The Valley of Fear"


Reclaimer, spare that tree!
Take not a single bit!
It used to point to me,
Now I'm protecting it.
It was the reader's CONS
That made it, paired by dot;
Now, GC, for the nonce,
Thou shalt reclaim it not.


What did Mickey Mouse get for Christmas?
A Dan Quayle watch.


What on earth would a man do with himself
if something did not stand in his way?
		-- H. G. Wells


There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in their home.
		-- Ken Olsen (President of Digital Equipment Corporation),
		   Convention of the World Future Society, in Boston, 1977


You are farsighted, a good planner,
an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.


Knowledge is power.
		-- Francis Bacon


The First: I'm not a demon little girl, I am something that you can't
	even conceive.  The first evil.  Beyond sin, beyond death.
	I am the thing the darkness fears.  You'll never see me but I
	am everywhere.  Every being, every thought, every drop of hate.
Buffy:	Alright I get it, you're evil.  Do we have to chat about it all day?
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Amends"
		   Season 3, Episode 10


Dying is one of the few things that can be done as easily lying down.
		-- Woody Allen


If you think last Tuesday was a drag,
wait till you see what happens tomorrow!


On a ship wrecked far out at sea,
The girl said, "I can't seem to pee."
	"Aha!" said the mate,
	"That settles the fate
Of the captain, the pilot, and me."


I go on working for the same reason a hen goes on laying eggs.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Oregano, n.:
	The ancient Italian art of pizza folding.


He missed an invaluable opportunity to hold his tongue.
		-- Andrew Lang


In the course of reading Hadamard's "The Psychology of Invention in the
Mathematical Field", I have come across evidence supporting a fact
which we coffee achievers have long appreciated:  no really creative,
intelligent thought is possible without a good cup of coffee.  On page
14, Hadamard is discussing Poincare's theory of fuchsian groups and
fuchsian functions, which he describes as "... one of his greatest
discoveries, the first which consecrated his glory ..."  Hadamard refers
to Poincare having had a "... sleepless night which initiated all that
memorable work ..." and gives the following, very revealing quote:

	"One evening, contrary to my custom, I drank black coffee and
	could not sleep.  Ideas rose in crowds;  I felt them collide
	until pairs interlocked, so to speak, making a stable
	combination."

Too bad drinking black coffee was contrary to his custom.  Maybe he
could really have amounted to something as a coffee achiever.


An old man is lying on his deathbed with all his children, grandchildren and
great-grandchildren gathered around, teary-eyed at the approaching finale of
a deeply loved family member.  The old man is in a light coma, and the doctors
have confirmed that the waiting will be over within the next twenty-four
hours.  Suddenly, the old man opens his eyes whispers: "I must be dreaming
of heaven...  I smell my daughter Lisle's strudel."
	"No, no, grandfather, you are not dreaming", he is reassured.
"Grandmother is baking strudel right now."
	A faint smile crosses the old man's face.  "Go and get me a sliver of
strudel," he says, "she bakes the finest strudel in the world."
	One of the grandchildren is immediately dispatched to honor the old
man's request, and, after what seems a long time, he returns empty-handed.
	"Did you bring me some of Lisle's strudel?", the old man quavers.
	"I'm... I'm very sorry, grandfather, but she says it's for the
funeral."


The sounds of the nouns are mostly unbound.
In town a noun might wear a gown,
or further down, might dress a clown.
A noun that's sound would never clown,
but unsound nouns jump up and down.
The sound of a noun could disturb the plowing,
and then, my dear, you'd be put in the pound.
But please don't let that get you down,
the renown of your gown is the talk of the town.
		-- A. Nonnie Mouse


A triangle which has an angle of 135 degrees is called an obscene
triangle.


No man is an island if he's on at least one mailing list.


A consultant is a person who borrows your watch, tells you what time it
is, pockets the watch, and sends you a bill for it.


To the best of my recollection, Senator, I can't recall.


A snake lurks in the grass.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)


Egotism is the anesthetic which numbs the pain of stupidity.


Women are a problem, but if you haven't already guessed,
they're the kind of problem I enjoy wrestling with.
		-- Warren Beatty


The heart is wiser than the intellect.


Everyone wants results, but no one is willing to do what it takes
to get them.
		-- Dirty Harry


The cost of living hasn't affected its popularity.


QOTD:
	"I'd crawl a mile over burning desert sand just to kiss the dick of
	the guy who screwed her last."


If it has syntax, it isn't user-friendly.


It is easier to be a "humanitarian" than to render your own country its
proper due; it is easier to be a "patriot" than to make your community a
better place to live in; it is easier to be a "civic leader" than to treat
your own family with loving understanding; for the smaller the focus of
attention, the harder the task.
		-- Sydney J. Harris


It is always the best policy to tell the truth, unless, of course,
you are an exceptionally good liar.
		-- Jerome K. Jerome


Mathematicians do it in groups.


What time is it?
I don't know, it keeps changing.


He who is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.


You have to be a bastard to make it, and that's a fact.  And the Beatles
are the biggest bastards on earth.
		-- John Lennon


Opinions are like assholes -- everyone's got one, but nobody wants to
look at the other guy's.
		-- Hal Hickman


I THINK THEY SHOULD CONTINUE the policy of not giving a Nobel Prize for
paneling.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.


When the ax entered the forest, the trees said, "The handle is one of us!"
		-- Turkish proverb


Economists can certainly disappoint you.  One said that the economy would
turn up by the last quarter.  Well, I'm down to mine and it hasn't.
		-- Robert Orben


If your aim in life is nothing; you can't miss.


Rube Walker: "Hey, Yogi, what time is it?"
Yogi Berra:  "You mean now?"


One of the most overlooked advantages to computers is...  If they do
foul up, there's no law against whacking them around a little.
		-- Joe Martin


If God had wanted us to use the metric system, Jesus would have had
only ten apostles.


I know why the sun never sets on the British Empire -- God wouldn't trust
an Englishman in the dark.
		-- Duncan Spaeth


QOTD:
	"Flash!  Flash!  I love you! ...but we only have fourteen hours to
	save the earth!"


When neither their poverty nor their honor is
touched, the majority of men live content.
		-- Niccolo Machiavelli


Don't have good ideas if you aren't willing to be responsible for them.


Minnie Mouse is a slow maze learner.


Scott's second Law:
	When an error has been detected and corrected, it will be found
to have been wrong in the first place.

Corollary:
	After the correction has been found in error, it will be
impossible to fit the original quantity back into the equation.


An expert is one who knows more and more about less
and less until he knows absolutely nothing about everything.


We are all so much together and yet we are all dying of loneliness.
		-- Albert Schweitzer


panic: can't find /


The Following Subsume All Physical and Human Laws:

	1. You can't push on a string.
	2. Ain't no free lunches.
	3. Them as has, gets.
	4. You can't win them all, but you sure as hell can lose them all.


Age and treachery will always overcome youth and skill.


Time is an illusion, lunchtime doubly so.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Bridget O'Flaherty McHugh
Held venal traffic with a gnu.
Mistaking fore for aft one morn
Impaled herself upon its horn.

Moral:	Those who seek high ends should shun
	our furred and feathered friends.


An encounter with a beautiful woman is good medicine for the well organized
logical mind -- a little jolt never hurt.  Note that the anarchists have
been saying this for years about the A-bomb and civilization.
		-- Encyclopadia Apocryphia


Q:	What is purple and concord the world?
A:	Alexander the Grape.


Hate is like acid.  It can damage the vessel in which it is
stored as well as destroy the object on which it is poured.


A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS:

4. DO NOT COMPLAIN IF THE TREATMENT FAILS TO BRING RELIEF.
	You must believe that your doctor has achieved a deep insight into
	the true nature of your illness, which transcends any mere permanent
	disability you may have experienced.

5. NEVER ASK YOUR DOCTOR TO EXPLAIN WHAT HE IS DOING OR WHY HE IS DOING IT.
	It is presumptuous to assume that such profound matters could be
	explained in terms that you would understand.

6. SUBMIT TO NOVEL EXPERIMENTAL TREATMENT READILY.
	Though the surgery may not benefit you directly, the resulting
	research paper will surely be of widespread interest.


Fame may be fleeting but obscurity is forever.


The Most Unsuccessful Version Of The Bible
	The most exciting version of the Bible was printed in 1631 by Robert
Barker and Martin Lucas, the King's printers at London.  It contained
several mistakes, but one was inspired -- the word "not" was omitted from
the Seventh Commandment and enjoined its readers, on the highest authority,
to commit adultery.
	Fearing the popularity with which this might be received in remote
country districts, King Charles I called all 1,000 copies back in and fined
the printers L3,000.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


	A man came home from work and as he entered the house he yelled,
"Hi, honey, I'm home."
	There was no response.  He walked through the house and saw a note
on the refrigerator. It read "I'm out with the girls and I'll be home about
8.  Either fix yourself something to eat, or wait for me and we'll eat when
I get home."
	Well, he decided to wait until his wife returned.  However, his
stomach started to growl and he remembered that he had an apple left over
from his lunch.  He got the apple, polished it a little, and heard the
doorbell ring.  He went to the door and there stood a little blond haired
girl holding out a little paper bag.  "Trick or treat", she said.
	He looked at the girl, looked at the apple, thought how hungry he
was, looked at the girl again, and with a slight sigh dropped his apple in
the bag.  The little girl looked down in the bag, looked up again, and
complained, "You stupid son-of-a-bitch.  You broke my cookies!"


Your code should be more efficient!


And Bezel saideth unto Sham: "Sham," he saideth, "Thou shalt goest
unto the town of Begorrah, and there thou shalt fetcheth unto thine
bosom 35 talents, and also shalt thou fetcheth a like number of cubits,
provideth that they are nice and fresh."
		-- Dave Barry, "Getting Religion"


QOTD:
	"... was it a dream where you see yourself standing in sort-of
	Sun-God robes, on a pyramid, with a thousand naked women screaming
	and throwing little pickles at you?  ...  Why am I the only one
	who has that dream?"


How to Raise Your I.Q. by Eating Gifted Children
		-- Book title by Lewis B. Frumkes


Living on Earth may be expensive, but it
includes an annual free trip around the Sun.


The New England Journal of Medicine reports that 9 out of 10
doctors agree that 1 out of 10 doctors is an idiot.


A prig is a fellow who is always making you a present of his opinions.
		-- George Eliot


I have discovered that all human evil comes from this, man's being unable
to sit still in a room.
		-- Blaise Pascal


	"Are you sure you're not an encyclopedia salesman?"
	"No, Ma'am.  Just a burglar, come to ransack the flat."
		-- Monty Python


Wouldn't this be a great world if being insecure and desperate were
a turn-on?
		-- "Broadcast News"


Afternoon very favorable for romance.  Try a single person for a change.


Pope Goestheveezl was the shortest reigning pope in the history of the
Church, reigning for two hours and six minutes on 1 April 1866.  The white
smoke had hardly faded into the blue of the Vatican skies before it dawned
on the assembled multitudes in St. Peter's Square that his name had hilarious
possibilities.  The crowds fell about, helpless with laughter, singing

	Half a pound of tuppenny rice
	Half a pound of treacle
	That's the way the chimney smokes
	Pope Goestheveezl

The square was finally cleared by armed carabineri with tears of laughter
streaming down their faces.  The event set a record for hilarious civic
functions, smashing the previous record set when Baron Hans Neizant
Bompzidaize was elected Landburgher of Koln in 1653.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Live never to be ashamed if anything you do or say is
published around the world -- even if what is published is not true.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


Too many of his [Mozart's] works sound like interoffice memos.
		-- Glenn Gould


One hundred women are not worth a single testicle.
		-- Confucius


Your mode of life will be changed to ASCII.


The REVERSE function works on the opposite SEXPR.


Pecor's Health-Food Principle:
	Never eat rutabaga on any day of
	the week that has a "y" in it.


Go climb a gravity well.


If you think the system is working,
ask someone who's waiting for a prompt.


I sold my memoirs of my love life to Parker
Brothers -- they're going to make a game out of it.
		-- Woody Allen


Doing gets it done.


ARIES (Mar 21 - Apr 19)
	You are the pioneer type and hold most people in contempt.  You are
	quick tempered, impatient, and scornful of advice.  You are not
	very nice.


I've known him as a man, as an adolescent and as a child -- sometimes
on the same day.


Newton's Fourth Law:  Every action has an equal and opposite satisfaction.


Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


War is delightful to those who have had no experience of it.
		-- Desiderius Erasmus


Only God can make random selections.


Love your enemies:  they'll go crazy
trying to figure out what you're up to.


The wages of sin are high but you get your money's worth.


If you push the "extra ice" button on the soft drink vending machine,
you won't get any ice.  If you push the "no ice" button, you'll get
ice, but no cup.


One of the disadvantages of having children is that they eventually get old
enough to give you presents they make at school.
		-- Robert Byrne


Campbell's Law:
	Nature abhors a vacuous experimenter.


Ginsburg's Law:
	At the precise moment you take off your shoe in a shoe store, your
	big toe will pop out of your sock to see what's going on.


Don't know what time I'll be back, Mom.
Probably soon after she throws me out.


Only adults have difficulty with childproof caps.


The groundhog is like most other prophets;
it delivers its message and then disappears.


Little Boy Blue -- He needed the money.
		-- Andrew "Dice" Clay


A nuclear war can ruin your whole day.


	A young couple jumped out of their car and dashed into the park.
They hurriedly found a secluded spot and began to make frenzied, passionate
love.  Shortly thereafter, as they were driving away, the young man turned
to her and said, "If I had known you were a virgin, I'd have taken more time."
	She replied, "If I had known you had more time, I'd have taken off
my pantyhose."


A boy gets to be a man when a man is needed.
		-- John Steinbeck


Like, if I'm not for me, then fer shure, like who will be?  And if, y'know,
if I'm not like fer anyone else, then hey, I mean, what am I?  And if not
now, like I dunno, maybe like when?  And if not Who, then I dunno, maybe
like the Rolling Stones?
		-- Rich Rosen (Rabbi Valiel's paraphrase of famous quote
		   attributed to Rabbi Hillel.)


A narcissist is someone better looking than you are.
		-- Gore Vidal


Conservative, n.:
	One who admires radicals centuries after they're dead.
		-- Leo C. Rosten


BALLISTOPHOBIA:
	Fear of bullets;
OTOPHOBIA:
	Fear of opening one's eyes.
PECCATOPHOBIA:
	Fear of sinning.
TAPHEPHOBIA:
	Fear of being buried alive.
SITOPHOBIA:
	Fear of food.
TRICHOPHOBIA:
	Fear of hair.
VESTIPHOBIA:
	Fear of clothing.


Captain Penny's Law:
	You can fool all of the people some of the time, and
	some of the people all of the time, but you Can't Fool Mom.


Easiest Color to Solve on a Rubik's Cube:
	Black.  Simply remove all the little colored stickers on the
cube, and each of side of the cube will now be the original color of
the plastic underneath -- black.  According to the instructions, this
means the puzzle is solved.
		-- Steve Rubenstein


Ah, the Tsar's bazaar's bizarre beaux-arts!


I CAN'T come back, I don't know how it works.
		-- Frank Morgan as The Wizard, "The Wizard of Oz"


Earn cash in your spare time -- blackmail your friends.


Dear Miss Manners:
I carry a big black umbrella, even if there's just a thirty percent chance of
rain.  May I ask a young lady who is a stranger to me to share its protection?
This morning, I was waiting for a bus in comparative comfort, my umbrella
protecting me from the downpour, and noticed an attractive young woman getting
soaked.  I have often seen her at my bus stop, although we have never spoken,
and I don't even know her name.  Could I have asked her to get under my
umbrella without seeming insulting?

Gentle Reader:
Certainly.  Consideration for those less fortunate than you is always proper,
although it would be more convincing if you stopped babbling about how
attractive she is.  In order not to give Good Samaritanism a bad name, Miss
Manners asks you to allow her two or three rainy days of unmolested protection
before making your attack.


Old Japanese proverb:
	There are two kinds of fools -- those who never climb Mt. Fuji,
and those who climb it twice.


California is a fine place to live -- if you happen to be an orange.
		-- Fred Allen


If your mother knew what you're doing,
she'd probably hang her head and cry.


There are very few personal problems that cannot be
solved through a suitable application of high explosives.


Everybody is somebody else's weirdo.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


Every day people are straying away from the church and going back to God.
		-- Lenny Bruce


Dishonor will not trouble me, once I am dead.
		-- Euripides


COMPASS [for the CDC-6000 series] is the sort of assembler
one expects from a corporation whose president codes in octal.
		-- J. N. Gray


Mom's Law:
	When they finally do have to take you to the
	hospital, your underwear won't be clean or new.


At social gatherings, I would amuse everyone by standing uponst the
coffee table and striking meself repeatedly upon the head with a brick.
		-- H. R. Gumby


