He is truly wise who gains wisdom from another's mishap.


For large values of one, one equals two, for small values of two.


It seems a little silly now, but this country
was founded as a protest against taxation.


When love is gone, there's always justice.
And when justice is gone, there's always force.
And when force is gone, there's always Mom.
Hi, Mom!
		-- Laurie Anderson


6 oz. orange juice
1 oz. vodka
1/2 oz. Galliano
		Harvey Wallbangers


Where, oh, where, are you tonight?
Why did you leave me here all alone?
I searched the world over, and I thought I'd found true love.
You met another, and *PPHHHLLLBBBBTTT*, you wuz gone.

Gloom, despair and agony on me.
Deep dark depression, excessive misery.
If it weren't for bad luck, I'd have no luck at all.
Oh, gloom, despair and agony on me.
		-- Hee Haw


You can find sympathy, in the dictionary, right near shit and suicide.


	Once upon a time there were three brothers who were knights
in a certain kingdom.  And, there was a Princess in a neighboring kingdom
who was of marriageable age.  Well, one day, in full armour, their horses,
and their page, the three brothers set off to see if one of them could
win her hand.  The road was long and there were many obstacles along the
way, robbers to be overcome, hard terrain to cross.  As they coped with
each obstacle they became more and more disgusted with their page.  He was
not only inept, he was a coward, he could not handle the horses, he was,
in short, a complete flop.  When they arrived at the court of the kingdom,
they found that they were expected to present the Princess with some
treasure.  The two older brothers were discouraged, since they had not
thought of this and were unprepared.  The youngest, however, had the
answer:  Promise her anything, but give her our page.


Don't tell me that worry doesn't do any good.
I know better. The things I worry about don't happen.
		-- Watchman Examiner


	The problem with engineers is that they tend to cheat in order to
get results.
	The problem with mathematicians is that they tend to work on toy
problems in order to get results
	The problem with program verifiers is that they tend to cheat at
toy problems in order to get results.


Spare no expense to save money on this one.
		-- Samuel Goldwyn


Football is a game designed to keep coal miners off the streets.
		-- Jimmy Breslin


A day without orange juice is like a day without orange juice.


ACADEMY:
	A modern school where football is taught.
INSTITUTE:
	An archaic school where football is not taught.


You never know how many friends you have until you rent a house on the
beach.


They can't stop us... we're on a mission from God!
		-- The Blues Brothers


You've always made the mistake of being yourself.
		-- Eugene Ionesco


If only you knew she loved you, you could
face the uncertainty of whether you love her.


Issawi's Laws of Progress:
	The Course of Progress:
		Most things get steadily worse.
	The Path of Progress:
		A shortcut is the longest distance between two points.


Style may not be the answer, but at least it's a workable alternative.


I heard there was a lot of sex on television these days,
but when I tried it I kept falling off.


Q:	Do you know how to tell a Polack at a cockfight?
A:	He's the only one with a duck.

Q:	Do you know how to tell an Aggie at a cockfight?
A:	He's the only one who bets on the duck.

Q:	And do you know how to tell the Mafia is at the cockfight?
A:	The duck wins!


Q:	How does a single woman in New York get rid of cockroaches?
A:	She asks them for a commitment.


We should have a Vollyballocracy.  We elect a six-pack of presidents.
Each one serves until they screw up, at which point they rotate.
		-- Dennis Miller


Nobody knows what goes between his cold toes and his warm ears.
		-- Roy Harper


The sun never sets on those who ride into it.
		-- RKO


Life is a healthy respect for mother nature laced with greed.


George Orwell 1984.  Northwestern 0.
		-- Chicago Reader 10/15/82


Q:	How many Zen masters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	None.  The Universe spins the bulb, and the Zen master stays out
	of the way.


The voluptuous blond was chatting with her handsome escort in a posh
restaurant when their waiter, stumbling as he brought their drinks,
dumped a martini on the rocks down the back of the blonde's dress.  She
sprang to her feet with a wild rebel yell, dashed wildly around the table,
then galloped wriggling from the room followed by her distraught boyfriend.
A man seated on the other side of the room with a date of his own beckoned
to the waiter and said, "We'll have two of whatever she was drinking."


Everything in this book may be wrong.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


FLASH!
Intelligence of mankind decreasing.
Details at ... uh, when the little hand is on the ....


SAGITTARIUS (Nov.22 - Dec.21)
	Your efforts to help a little old lady cross a street will
	backfire when you learn that she was waiting for a bus.  Subdue
	impulse you have to push her out into traffic.


If you had just one moment to live
And they granted you one special wish
Would you ask for something
Like another chance.
		-- Traffic, "The Low Spark of Hi Heeled Boys"


May Allah blow sand in your Preparation H.


I'm not offering myself as an example;
every life evolves by its own laws.


What's so funny?


Abstract:
	This study examined the incidence of neckwear tightness among a group
of 94 white-collar working men and the effect of a tight business-shirt collar
and tie on the visual performance of 22 male subjects.  Of the white-collar
men measured, 67% were found to be wearing neckwear that was tighter than
their neck circumference.  The visual discrimination of the 22 subjects was
evaluated using a critical flicker frequency (CFF) test.  Results of the CFF
test indicated that tight neckwear significantly decreased the visual
performance of the subjects and that visual performance did not improve
immediately when tight neckwear was removed.
		-- Langan, L. M. and Watkins, S. M. "Pressure of Menswear on the
		   Neck in Relation to Visual Performance."  Human Factors 29,
		   #1 (Feb. 1987), pp. 67-71.


A man's father is very, very old, and the son can't afford very good treatment
for him, so he's in a rather shabby, run-down nursing home.  One day the son
wins a lottery -- and the first thing he does is install his father in the best
old age home that money can buy.
	On the first day the old man is sitting watching TV, and he starts
to lean a little bit to one side.  Right away a nurse runs over and gently
straightens the old man.  A little later he's eating dinner, and when he
finishes, he begins to tip a little bit to one side.  Another nurse runs
over and gently pushes him upright again.
	The son visits his father later that evening and asks him how he's
being treated.
	"It's a wonderful place, son," replies the father.  "I really like
it here, gourmet food, color TV's in every room, the service is unbelievable,
there's just one little problem."
	"What's that, Dad?"
	"They won't let you fart."


Alex Haley was adopted!


Please stand for the National Anthem:

	O Canada
	Our home and native land
	True patriot love
	In all thy sons' command
	With glowing hearts we see thee rise
	The true north strong and free
	From far and wide, O Canada
	We stand on guard for thee
	God keep our land glorious and free
	O Canada we stand on guard for thee
	O Canada we stand on guard for thee

Thank you.  You may resume your seat.


Hofstadter's Law:
	It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take
	Hofstadter's Law into account.


SEMINARS:
	From 'semi' and 'arse', hence, any half-assed discussion.


	"I cannot read the fiery letters," said Frito Bugger in a
quavering voice.
	"No," said GoodGulf, "but I can.  The letters are Elvish, of
course, of an ancient mode, but the language is that of Mordor, which
I will not utter here.  They are lines of a verse long known in
Elven-lore:

	"This Ring, no other, is made by the elves,
	Who'd pawn their own mother to grab it themselves.
	Ruler of creeper, mortal, and scallop,
	This is a sleeper that packs quite a wallop.
	The Power almighty rests in this Lone Ring.
	The Power, alrighty, for doing your Own Thing.
	If broken or busted, it cannot be remade.
	If found, send to Sorhed (with postage prepaid)."
		-- Harvard Lampoon, "Bored of the Rings"


Mix a little foolishness with your serious plans;
it's lovely to be silly at the right moment.
		-- Horace


I used to live in a house by the freeway.  When I went anywhere, I had
to be going 65 MPH by the end of my driveway.

I replaced the headlights in my car with strobe lights.  Now it looks
like I'm the only one moving.

I was pulled over for speeding today.  The officer said, "Don't you know
the speed limit is 55 miles an hour?"  And I said, "Yes, but I wasn't going
to be out that long."

I put a new engine in my car, but didn't take the old one out.  Now
my car goes 500 miles an hour.
		-- Steven Wright


Supervisor: Do you think you understand the basic ideas of Quantum Mechanics?
Supervisee: Ah! Well, what do we mean by "to understand" in the context of
	    Quantum Mechanics?
Supervisor: You mean "No", don't you?
Supervisee: Yes.
		-- Overheard at a supervision


Machines have less problems.  I'd like to be a machine.
		-- Andy Warhol


"It's easier said than done."

... and if you don't believe it, try proving that it's easier done than
said, and you'll see that "it's easier said that `it's easier done than
said' than it is done", which really proves that "it's easier said than
done".


Will you loan me $20.00 and only give me ten of it?
That way, you will owe me ten, and I'll owe you ten, and we'll be even!


Mad, adj.:
	Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


While anyone can admit to themselves they were
wrong, the true test is admission to someone else.


Q:	How can you tell if a woman is ticklish?
A:	Give her a couple of test tickles.


Some men who fear that they are playing
second fiddle aren't in the band at all.


Desperate because her husband hadn't made love to her in months, a lonely
housewife finally mustered her courage and went to their doctor for advice.
The doctor was very sympathetic and wrote out a prescription for pills that
were guaranteed to rekindle the husband's ardor in a big way.  "They'll make
him horny as hell," the doctor confided, "but they're very potent, so just
put one in whatever he's drinking."
	Upon arriving home, the woman left the pills on the kitchen counter
and dashed off to the supermarket.  It didn't take long before the cat jumped
up, knocked them over onto the floor, and ate a couple, as did the family
dog.  And when the husband got home with a headache, he took a few thinking
they were aspirin.
	When the housewife returned, she was horrified to see the dog humping
the cat and the cat jumping all over the dog, but even stranger was the sight
of her husband with his penis inside the pencil sharpener on the counter.
"What in heaven's name are you doing, John?" she cried.
	"See that mosquito?" he replied.


At her annual checkup, the attractive young woman is told by the doctor that
it's necessary to take her temperature rectally.  She agrees and bends over
the examining table, but a few seconds later says indignantly, "Doctor, that's
NOT my rectum!"
	"Madam," says the doctor, "that's not my thermometer!"
	Just then, the woman's husband, hearing her voice, comes into the
room.  "Just what the hell is going on here?" he demands.
	"I'm taking your wife's temperature," the doctor cooly replies.
	"Okay, doc, you know best," says the husband as he picks a scalpel
off the doctor's desk, "but when that thing comes out, it better have
numbers on it!"


Osborn's Law:
	Variables won't; constants aren't.


The three best things about going to school are June, July, and August.


A platitude is simply a truth repeated till people get tired of hearing it.
		-- Stanley Baldwin


Work like hell, tell everyone everything you know, close a deal with
a handshake, and have fun.
		-- Harold "Doc" Edgerton, summing up his life's philosophy,
		   shortly before dying at the age of 86.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(8) Peace cannot be achieved merely by developing an "understanding"
    among peoples.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


New York's got the ways and means;
Just won't let you be.
		-- The Grateful Dead


Oh, yeah, life goes on, long after the thrill of livin' is gone.
		-- John Cougar, "Jack and Diane"


If you were attacked by a homosexual, would you beat him off?


	Never take a resume seriously.  Resumes only make money for the
people who write the resumes.  No resume ever tells an employer how many
times a job applicant has had the clap.
	Why, indeed, would anyone hire a person based on a resume written
by a professional liar?
	If the applicant is a man, the employer must ask only one question:
did the applicant go to TCU?
	If the applicant is a woman, the employer may simply ask: does she
have a tongue that can lick the paint off a dormitory wall?
		-- Dan Jenkins, "Baja Oklahoma"


There once was a Sailor who looked through a glass
And spied a fair mermaid with scales on her... island.
Where seagulls flew over their nest.
She combed the long hair which hung over her... shoulders.
And caused her to tickle and itch.
The sailor cried out "There's a beautiful... mermaid.
A sittin' out there on the rocks."
The crew came a running, all grabbing their... glasses.
And crowded four deep to the rail.
All eager to share in this fine piece of... news.
...
"Throw out a line and we'll lasso her... flippers.
And soon we will certainly find
If mermaids are better before or be... brave
My dear fellows," The captain cried out.
And cursing with spleen.
This song may be dull, but it's certainly clean.
		-- "The Clean Song", Oscar Brandt


Double Bucky, you're the one,
You make my keyboard so much fun,
Double Bucky, an additional bit or two, (Vo-vo-de-o)
Control and meta, side by side,
Augmented ASCII, 9 bits wide!
Double Bucky, a half a thousand glyphs, plus a few!

Oh, I sure wish that I,
Had a couple of bits more!
Perhaps a set of pedals to make the number of bits four.

Double Double Bucky!  Double Bucky left and right
OR'd together, outta sight!
Double Bucky, I'd like a whole word of,
Double Bucky, I'm happy I heard of,
Double Bucky, I'd like a whole word of you!
		-- to Niklaus Wirth, who suggested that an extra bit
		   be added to terminal codes on 36-bit machines for use
		   by screen editors.  [to the tune of "Rubber Ducky"]


In this world, truth can wait; she's used to it.


What foods these morsels be!


Coach: How's it going, Norm?
Norm:  Daddy's rich and Momma's good lookin'.
		-- Cheers, Truce or Consequences

Sam:   What's up, Norm?
Norm:  My nipples.  It's freezing out there.
		-- Cheers, Coach Returns to Action

Coach: What's the story, Norm?
Norm:  Thirsty guy walks into a bar.  You finish it.
		-- Cheers, Endless Slumper


He's learned about 50% of the rules of sex and conversation;
he knows how to stick it in, but not how to stick it out.


The reason that every major university maintains a department of
mathematics is that it's cheaper than institutionalizing all those
people.


You shall judge of a man by his foes as well as by his friends.
		-- Joseph Conrad


Necrophilia, n.:
	Dead boring.

Incest, n.:
	Relatively boring.


Kamikazes do it once.


Character is what you are in the dark!
		-- Lord John Whorfin


When one knows women one pities men,
but when one studies men, one excuses women.
		-- Horne Tooke


	Thompson, if he is to be believed, has sampled the entire
rainbow of legal and illegal drugs in heroic efforts to feel better
than he does.
	As for the truth about his health: I have asked around about
it.  I am told that he appears to be strong and rosy, and steadily
sane.  But we will be doing what he wants us to do, I think, if we
consider his exterior a sort of Dorian Gray facade.  Inwardly, he is
being eaten alive by tinhorn politicians.
	The disease is fatal.  There is no known cure.  The most we can
do for the poor devil, it seems to me, is to name his disease in his
honor.  From this moment on, let all those who feel that Americans can
be as easily led to beauty as to ugliness, to truth as to public
relations, to joy as to bitterness, be said to be suffering from Hunter
Thompson's disease.  I don't have it this morning.  It comes and goes.
This morning I don't have Hunter Thompson's disease.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr. on Dr. Hunter S. Thompson: Excerpt
		   from "A Political Disease", Vonnegut's review of "Fear
		   and Loathing: On the Campaign Trail '72"


The computer is the ultimate polluter.
Its shit is indistinguishable from the food it produces.


Never insult an alligator until you've crossed the river.


What sin has not been committed in the name of efficiency?


There are running jobs.
Why don't you go chase them?


A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


The difference between a good haircut and a bad one is seven days.


Some of my readers ask me what a "Serial Port" is.
The answer is: I don't know.
Is it some kind of wine you have with breakfast?


Coitus is punishment for the happiness of being together.  Live as
ascetically as possible... that is the only possible way for me to
endure marriage.  But she?
		-- Franz Kafka


In specifications, Murphy's Law supersedes Ohm's.


Happiness, n.:
	An agreeable sensation arising from contemplating the misery of
	another.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Dallas still lives.  God MUST be dead.


I Don't Mind If You Lie to Me, As Long As I Ain't Lyin' Alone
I Wouldn't Take You to a Dog Fight Even If I Thought You Could Win
If You Leave Me, Walk Out Backwards So I'll Think You're Comin' In
Since You Learned to Lip-Sync, I'm At Your Disposal
My John Deere Was Breaking Your Field, While Your Dear John Was
	Breaking My Heart
Don't Cry, Little Darlin', You're Waterin' My Beer
Tennis Must Be Your Racket, 'Cause Love Means Nothin' to You
When You Say You Love Me, You're Full of Prunes, 'Cause Living
	With You Is the Pits
I Wanted Your Hand in Marriage but All I Got Was the Finger
		-- proposed Country-Western song titles from "Wordplay"


Real Programs don't use shared text.  Otherwise, how can they
use functions for scratch space after they are finished calling them?


Age, n.:
	That period of life in which we compound for the vices that we
	still cherish by reviling those that we no longer have the
	enterprise to commit.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


It took a while to surface, but it appears that a long-distance credit card
may have saved a U.S. Army unit from heavy casualties during the Grenada
military rescue/invasion. Major General David Nichols, Air Force ... said
the Army unit was in a house surrounded by Cuban forces.  One soldier found
a telephone and, using his credit card, called Ft. Bragg, N.C., telling Army
officers there of the perilous situation. The officers in turn called the
Air Force, which sent in gunships to scatter the Cubans and relieve the unit.
		-- Aviation Week and Space Technology


Have you heard of knock-kneed Samuel McGuzzum
Who married Samantha, his bow-legged cousin?
	Some people say,
	Love finds a way,
But for Sam and Samantha it doesn'.


Crito, I owe a cock to Asclepius; will you remember to pay the debt?
		-- Socrates' last words


Organic chemistry is the chemistry of carbon compounds.
Biochemistry is the study of carbon compounds that crawl.
		-- Mike Adams


Leave no stone unturned.
		-- Euripides


If parents would only realize how they bore their children.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


The Official MBA Handbook on the use of sunlamps:

	Use a sunlamp only on weekends.  That way, if the office wise guy
	remarks on the sudden appearance of your tan, you can fabricate
	some story about a sun-stroked weekend at some island Shangri-La
	like Caneel Bay.  Nothing is more transparent than leaving the
	office at 11:45 on a Tuesday night, only to return an Aztec sun
	god at 8:15 the next morning.


Do nothing unless you must, and when you must act -- hesitate.


One-Shot Case Study, n.:
	The scientific equivalent of the four-leaf clover, from which
	it is concluded all clovers possess four leaves and are sometimes green.


I know not how I came into this,
shall I call it a dying life or a living death?
		-- St. Augustine


Fear is the greatest salesman.
		-- Robert Klein


Underlying Principle of Socio-Genetics:
	Superiority is recessive.


If sarcasm were posted on Usenet, would anybody notice?
		-- James Nicoll


Callgirl, n.:
	A negotiable blond.


	A domineering man married a mere wisp of a girl.  He came back from
his honeymoon a chastened man.  He'd become aware of the will of the wisp.


As Gen. de Gaulle occasionally acknowledges America to be the daughter
of Europe, so I am pleased to come to Yale, the daughter of Harvard.
		-- John F. Kennedy


What awful irony is this?
We are as gods, but know it not.


No house should ever be on any hill or on anything.
It should be of the hill, belonging to it.
		-- Frank Lloyd Wright


They told me I was gullible ... and I believed them!


The only difference between your girlfriend
and a barracuda is the nail polish.


There's no sense in being precise when you don't even know
what you're talking about.
		-- John von Neumann


They also surf who only stand on waves.


A sheriff arrived at the scene of the horrible accident just as his deputy,
all alone, was climbing down from the controls of a bulldozer.  "Say,
Junior, what's goin' on?" asked the sheriff.
	"A bus full of migrant workers went out of control and over the
cliff, and I just finished buryin' 'em," explained the deputy.
	"Good work, boy," replied the sheriff.  "Pretty gory work -- were
all of 'em dead?"
	Junior nodded sadly and said, "Some of them said they weren't, but
you know how them Mex'cans lie."


Genderplex, n.:
	The predicament of a person in a restaurant who is unable to
	determine his or her designated restroom (e.g., turtles and
	tortoises).
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


At first, I just did it on weekends.  With a few friends, you know...
We never wanted to hurt anyone.  The girls loved it.  We'd all sit
around the computer and do a little UNIX.  It was just a kick.  At
least that's what we thought.  Then it got worse.

It got so I'd have to do some UNIX during the weekdays.  After a
while, I couldn't even wake up in the morning without having that
crave to go do UNIX.  Then it started affecting my job.  I would just
have to do it during my break.  Maybe a `grep' or two, maybe a little
`more'.  I eventually started doing UNIX just to get through the day.
Of course, it screwed up my mind so much that I couldn't even
function as a normal person.

I'm lucky today, I've overcome my UNIX problem.  It wasn't easy.  If
you're smart, just don't start.  Remember, if any weirdo offers you
some UNIX,

	Just Say No!


Evil is that which one believes of others.  It is a sin to believe evil
of others, but it is seldom a mistake.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Old age is too high a price to pay for maturity.


In English, every word can be verbed.  Would that it were so in our
programming languages.


A policeman is walking his beat when he finds an inebriated man collapsed
against a building, weeping uncontrollably and holding his car keys in his
hands.  He's moaning something about how "They took my car!"  Seeing that
the man is well-dressed, the officer suspects that he may have a real case
of theft on his hands and attempts to question the man.
	"What happened to your car?"
	"My car, it was right on the end of my key, and those bastards
stole it!  Please officer, get my Porsche back.  My God, it was right on
the end of my key!  Where is it?  They stole it and it was right here;
right on my key!"
	"OK, OK, stand up, we'll see what we can do.  You'll have to come
down to the stat...  Mister, your fly's unzipped and you're exposing
yourself!"
	"Oh my God, they stole my girlfriend!"


Barach's Rule:
	An alcoholic is a person who drinks more than his own physician.


My central memory of that time seems to hang on one or five or maybe forty
nights -- or very early mornings -- when I left the Fillmore half-crazy and,
instead of going home, aimed the big 650 Lightning across the Bay Bridge at
a hundred miles an hour ... booming through the Treasure Island tunnel at
the lights of Oakland and Berkeley and Richmond, not quite sure which
turnoff to take when I got to the other end ... but being absolutely certain
that no matter which way I went I would come to a place where people were
just as high and wild as I was: no doubt at all about that.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


Once upon a time, when I was training to be a mathematician, a group of
us bright young students taking number theory discovered the names of the
smaller prime numbers.

2:  The Odd Prime --
	It's the only even prime, therefore is odd.  QED.
3:  The True Prime --
	Lewis Carroll: "If I tell you 3 times, it's true."
31: The Arbitrary Prime --
	Determined by unanimous unvote.  We needed an arbitrary prime in
	case the prof asked for one, and so had an election.  91 received
	the most votes (well, it *looks* prime) and 3+4i the next most.
	However, 31 was the only candidate to receive none at all.
41: The Female Prime --
	The polynomial X**2 - X + 41 is
	prime for integer values from 1 to 40.
43: The Male Prime - they form a prime pair.

Since the composite numbers are formed from primes, their qualities
are derived from those primes.  So, for instance, the number 6 is "odd
but true", while the powers of 2 are all extremely odd numbers.


The adjuration to be "normal" seems shockingly repellent to me; I see neither
hope nor comfort in sinking to that low level.  I think it is ignorance that
makes people think of abnormality only with horror and allows them to remain
undismayed at the proximity of "normal" to average and mediocre.  For surely
anyone who achieves anything is, essentially, abnormal.
		-- Dr. Karl Menninger, "The Human Mind", 1930


Due to a mixup in urology, orange juice will not be served this morning.


During the next two hours, the system will be going up and down several
times, often with lin~po_~{po       ~poz~ppo\~{ o n~po_~{o[po	 ~y oodsou>#w4k**n~po_~{ol;lkld;f;g;dd;po\~{o


If we see the light at the end of the tunnel
It's the light of an oncoming train.
		-- Robert Lowell


If you're carrying a torch, put it down.
The Olympics are over.


Confucius say too much.
		-- Recent Chinese proverb


Black shiny mollies and bright colored guppies,
Shy little angels as gentle as puppies,
Swimming and diving with scarcely a swish,
They were just some of my tropical fish.

Then I got mantas that sting in the water,
Deadly piranhas that itch for a slaughter,
Savage male betas that bite with a squish,
Now I have many less tropical fish.

	If you think that
	Fish are peaceful
	That's an empty wish.
	Just dump them together
	And leave them alone,
	And soon you will have -- no fish.
		-- To My Favorite Things


Never drink Coca-Cola in a moving elevator.  The elevator's motion coupled
with the chemicals in Coke produce hallucinations. People tend to change
into lizards and attack without warning, and large bats usually fly in the
window.  (Additionally, you begin to believe that elevators have windows.)


As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error.
		-- Weisert


brain-damaged, generalization of "Honeywell Brain Damage" (HBD), a
theoretical disease invented to explain certain utter cretinisms in
Multics, adj.:
	Obviously wrong; cretinous; demented.  There is an implication
	that the person responsible must have suffered brain damage,
	because he/she should have known better.  Calling something
	brain-damaged is bad; it also implies it is unusable.


Herth's Law:
	He who turns the other cheek too far gets it in the neck.


Dozens of bears are found dead in Alaska and Canada every summer, killed
by blood lost to the voracious mosquito.  The estimated life-expectancy
of a naked man on the tundra in summer is about 15 minutes.  In that
time, approximately 250,000 mosquitoes would have drawn enough blood to
kill him.
		-- Gus McLeavy, "Day-by-Day Trivia Almanac"


The more things change, the more they'll never be the same again.


A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and
ask for it back the when it begins to rain.
		-- Robert Frost


The wonderful thing about a dancing bear
is not how well he dances, but that he dances at all.


Bing's Rule:
	Don't try to stem the tide -- move the beach.


Who was that masked man?


FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #31

A:	Chicken Teriyaki.
Q:	What is the name of the world's oldest kamikaze pilot?


Nice guys finish last, but we get to sleep in.
		-- Evan Davis


unix soit qui mal y pense


You will outgrow your usefulness.


A grammarian's life is always intense.


Hier liegt ein Mann ganz ohnegleich;
Im Leibe dick, an Suenden reich.
Wir haben ihn ins Grab gesteckt,	Here lies a man with sundry flaws
Weil es uns duenkt er sei verreckt.	And numerous Sins upon his head;
					We buried him today because
					As far as we can tell, he's dead.
		-- PDQ Bach's epitaph, as requested by his cousin Betty
		   Sue Bach and written by the local doggerel catcher;
		   "The Definitive Biography of PDQ Bach", Peter
		   Schickele


May those that love us love us; and those that don't love us, may
God turn their hearts; and if he doesn't turn their hearts, may
he turn their ankles so we'll know them by their limping.


I shot a query into the net.
I haven't got an answer yet,		A posted message called me rotten
But seven people gave me hell		For ignoring mail I'd never gotten;
And said I ought to learn to spell;	An angry message asked me, Please
					Don't send such drivel overseas;
A lawyer sent me private mail
And swore he'd slap my ass in jail --	One netter thought it was a hoax:
I'd mentioned Un*x in my gem		"Hereafter, post to net dot jokes!";
And failed to add the T and M;		Another called my grammar vile
					And criticized my writing style.
Each day I scan each Subject line
In hopes the topic will be mine;
I shot a query into the net.
I haven't got an answer yet...
		-- Ed Nather


A career is great, but you can't run your fingers through its hair.


One possible reason that things aren't going according to plan
is that there never was a plan in the first place.


Whatever you may be sure of, be sure of this: that you are dreadfully like
other people.
		-- James Russell Lowell, "My Study Windows"


I think that I shall never hear
A poem lovelier than beer.
The stuff that Joe's Bar has on tap,
With golden base and snowy cap.
The stuff that I can drink all day
Until my mem'ry melts away.
Poems are made by fools, I fear
But only Schlitz can make a beer.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(5) War is not obsolete.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Someone whom you reject today, will reject you tomorrow.


DeVries' Dilemma:
	If you hit two keys on the typewriter,
	the one you don't want hits the paper.


Harp not on that string.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


You can drive a horse to water, but a pencil must be lead.


Don't steal; thou'lt never thus compete successfully in business.
Cheat.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


	When the surgeon came to see her on the morning after her
operation, the young woman asked her somewhat hesitantly how long it
would be before she could resume her sex life.  "I really haven't
thought about it," gulped the stunned surgeon.  "You're the first
patient who's asked me that after a tonsillectomy!"


My idea of roughing it turning the air conditioner too low.


Try to be the best of whatever you are, even if what you are is no good.


If they can make penicillin out of moldy bread, they can sure make
something out of you.
		-- Muhammad Ali


Deflector shields just came on, Captain.


Snakes.  Why did it have to be snakes?


If you analyse anything, you destroy it.
		-- Arthur Miller


Is there life before breakfast?


Who the hell wants to hear actors talk?
		-- Harry Warner, Warner Bros. Pictures, c. 1927


Q:	Why do men marry women?
A:	You can't teach sheep to do housework.


A baby is God's opinion that the world should go on.
		-- Carl Sandburg


It's not whether you win or lose but how you played the game.
		-- Grantland Rice


Save Soviet Jewry -- Win Valuable Prizes!!!!


It's so confusing choosing sides in the heat of the moment,
	just to see if it's real,
Oooh, it's so erotic having you tell me how it should feel,
But I'm avoiding all the hard cold facts that I got to face,
So ask me just one question when this magic night is through,
Could it have been just anyone or did it have to be you?
		-- Billy Joel, "Glass Houses"


Truth will be out this morning.  (Which may really mess things up.)


The investment community feels very putupon.  They feel there is no
reason why they shouldn't earn $1 million to $200 million a year,
and they don't want to be held responsible for the global financial
meltdown.
		-- Daniel Fass, Chairman of United States President
		   Barack Obama's financial-industry fundraising party
		   20 October 2009


Dr. Livingston?
Dr. Livingston I. Presume?


APPENDIX:
	A portion of a book, for which nobody yet has discovered any use.


The eyes of taxes are upon you.


Save the bales!


I don't want to live on in my work, I want to live on in my apartment.
		-- Woody Allen


The Lord gave us farmers two strong hands so we could grab as much as
we could with both of them.
		-- Joseph Heller, "Catch-22"


Reporter, n.:
	A writer who guesses his way to the truth and dispels it with a
	tempest of words.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


At no time is freedom of speech more precious than when a man hits his
thumb with a hammer.
		-- Marshall Lumsden


	"I'm looking for adventure, excitement, beautiful women," cried the
young man to his father as he prepared to leave home.  "Don't try to stop me.
I'm on my way."
	"Who's trying to stop you?" shouted the father.  "Take me along!"


The state of innocence contains the germs of all future sin.
		-- Alexandre Arnoux, "Etudes et caprices"


Hall's Laws of Politics:
	(1) The voters want fewer taxes and more spending.
	(2) Citizens want honest politicians until they want
	    something fixed.
	(3) Constituency drives out consistency (i.e., liberals defend
	    military spending, and conservatives social spending in
	    their own districts).


I read Playboy for the same reason I read National Geographic.
To see the sights I'm never going to visit.


When one knows women one pities men,
but when one studies men, one excuses women.
		-- Horne Tooke


Real Programmers think better when playing Adventure or Rogue.


Keep your boss's boss off your boss's back.


Warning: Do not look directly into laser with remaining eye.


Generally speaking, the Way of the warrior is resolute acceptance of death.
		-- Miyamoto Musashi, 1645


The heroic hours of life do not announce their presence by drum and trumpet,
challenging us to be true to ourselves by appeals to the martial spirit that
keeps the blood at heat.  Some little, unassuming, unobtrusive choice presents
itself before us slyly and craftily, glib and insinuating, in the modest garb
of innocence.  To yield to its blandishments is so easy.  The wrong, it seems,
is venial...  Then it is that you will be summoned to show the courage of
adventurous youth.
		-- Benjamin Cardozo


	A manager was about to be fired, but a programmer who worked for him
invented a new program that became popular and sold well.  As a result, the
manager retained his job.
	The manager tried to give the programmer a bonus, but the programmer
refused it, saying, "I wrote the program because I though it was an interesting
concept, and thus I expect no reward."
	The manager, upon hearing this, remarked, "This programmer, though he
holds a position of small esteem, understands well the proper duty of an
employee.  Lets promote him to the exalted position of management consultant!"
	But when told this, the programmer once more refused, saying, "I exist
so that I can program.  If I were promoted, I would do nothing but waste
everyone's time.  Can I go now?  I have a program that I'm working on."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Now it is such a bizarrely improbable coincidence that anything so mind-
bogglingly useful could have evolved purely by chance that some thinkers
have chosen to see it as a final and clinching proof of the non-existence
of God.  The argument follows:  "I refuse to prove that I exist," says God,
"for proof denies faith, and without faith I am nothing."  "But," says Man,
"the Babel fish is a dead giveaway, isn't it?  It could not have evolved
by chance, thus proving that you exist, therefore by your own arguments,
you don't.  QED."  "Oh, dear," says God, "I hadn't thought of that," and
promptly vanishes in a puff of logic.
		-- Douglas Adams


Booze is the answer.  I don't remember the question.


Symptom:		Everything has gone dark.
Fault:			The Bar is closing.
Action Required:	Panic.

Symptom:		You awaken to find your bed hard, cold and wet.
			You cannot see the bathroom light.
Fault:			You have spent the night in the gutter.
Action Required:	Check your watch to see if bars are open yet.  If not,
			treat yourself to a lie-in.

		-- Bar Troubleshooting


You have an unusual understanding of
the problems of human relationships.


Stuckness shouldn't be avoided.  It's the psychic predecessor of all
real understanding.  An egoless acceptance of stuckness is a key to an
understanding of all Quality, in mechanical work as in other endeavors.
		-- Robert Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"


If graphics hackers are so smart,
why can't they get the bugs out of fresh paint?


QOTD:
	"There may be no excuse for laziness, but I'm sure looking."


The Microsoft Exchange MTA Stacks service depends on the Microsoft Exchange
System Attendant service which failed to start because of the following
error:

The operation completed successfully.

For more information, see Help and Support Center at
http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/events.asp.


When I was crossing the border into Canada, they asked if
I had any firearms with me.  I said, "Well, what do you need?"
		-- Steven Wright


We call our dog Egypt, because in every room he leaves a pyramid.


	On his first day as a bus driver, Maxey Eckstein handed in
receipts of $65.  The next day his take was $67.  The third day's
income was $62.  But on the fourth day, Eckstein emptied no less than
$283 on the desk before the cashier.
	"Eckstein!" exclaimed the cashier.  "This is fantastic.  That
route never brought in money like this!  What happened?"
	"Well, after three days on that cockamamie route, I figured
business would never improve, so I drove over to Fourteenth Street and
worked there.  I tell you, that street is a gold mine!"


This login session: $13.99


DeVries' Dilemma:
	If you hit two keys on the typewriter,
	the one you don't want hits the paper.


Have you seen the well-to-do, up and down Park Avenue?
On that famous thoroughfare, with their noses in the air,
High hats and Arrow collars, white spats and lots of dollars,
Spending every dime, for a wonderful time...
If you're blue and you don't know where to go to,
Why don't you go where fashion sits,
...
Dressed up like a million dollar trooper,
Trying hard to look like Gary Cooper, (super dooper)
Come, let's mix where Rockefeller's walk with sticks,
Or umbrellas, in their mitts,
Puttin' on the Ritz.
...
If you're blue and you don't know where to go to,
Why don't you go where fashion sits,
Puttin' on the Ritz.
Puttin' on the Ritz.
Puttin' on the Ritz.
Puttin' on the Ritz.


If a camel is a horse designed by a committee, then a consensus forecast
is a camel's behind.
		-- Edgar R. Fiedler


The hardest thing is to disguise your feelings when
you put a lot of relatives on the train for home.


For certain people, after fifty, litigation takes the place of sex.
		-- Gore Vidal


What is mind?  No matter.
What is matter?  Never mind.
		-- Thomas Hewitt Key (1799-1875)


It is a poor judge who cannot award a prize.


