Inglish Spocken Hier: some mangled translations

	Various signs in Poland:

		Right turn toward immediate outside.

		Go soothingly in the snow, as there lurk the ski demons.

		Five o'clock tea at all hours.

	In a men's washroom in Sidney:

		Shake excess water from hands, push button to start,
		rub hands rapidly under air outlet and wipe hands
		on front of shirt.

		-- Colin Bowles, San Francisco Chronicle


Think honk if you're a telepath.


The average individual's position in any hierarchy is a lot like pulling
a dogsled -- there's no real change of scenery except for the lead dog.


QOTD:
	"You want me to put *holes* in my ears and hang things from them?
	How...  tribal."


At social gatherings, I would amuse everyone by standing uponst the
coffee table and striking meself repeatedly upon the head with a brick.
		-- H. R. Gumby


Anybody who doesn't cut his speed at the
sight of a police car is probably parked.


... And then there's the guy who bought 20,000 bras, cut them in half,
and sold 40,000 yamalchas with chin straps ...


All true wisdom is found on T-shirts.


If a thing's worth having, it's worth cheating for.
		-- W. C. Fields


Metermaids eat their young.


Halt!!  Who goes there, friend or enema?


The man who laughs has not yet been told the terrible news.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


We don't really understand it, so we'll give it to the programmers.


Spock: The odds of surviving another
attack are 13562190123 to 1, Captain.


The harder they come, the more important it is to have
an extra-firm mattress.


All warranty and guarantee clauses
become null and void upon payment of invoice.


Human cardiac catheterization was introduced by Werner Forssman in 1929.
Ignoring his department chief, and tying his assistant to an operating
table to prevent her interference, he placed a urethral catheter into
a vein in his arm, advanced it to the right atrium [of his heart], and
walked upstairs to the x-ray department where he took the confirmatory
x-ray film.  In 1956, Dr. Forssman was awarded the Nobel Prize.


	"And what will you do when you grow up to be as big as me?"
asked the father of his little son.
	"Diet."


A woman's a woman until the day she dies, but a man's only a man as long
as he can.
		-- Moms Mabley


Three-bag ugly, adj.:
	That's when you put one bag over her head, one bag over your
	head in case her's falls off, and one over the dog's to keep
	it from howling.

Four-bag ugly, adj.:
	When you leave a bag by the door in case someone drops by.


Just go with the flow control, roll with the crunches, and, when you
get a prompt, type like hell.


It is indeed desirable to be well descended,
but the glory belongs to our ancestors.
		-- Plutarch


Elbonics, v.:
	The actions of two people maneuvering for one
	armrest in a movie theatre.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


You will become rich and famous unless you don't.


For I do not do the good I want, but the evil I do not want is what I do.
		-- Paul of Tarsus, (Saint Paul)


Scientists still know less about what attracts men
than they do about what attracts mosquitoes.
		-- Dr. Joyce Brothers,
		   "What Every Woman Should Know About Men"


It is now quite lawful for a Catholic woman to avoid pregnancy by a resort
to mathematics, though she is still forbidden to resort to physics and
chemistry.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Clothes make the man.
Naked people have little or no influence on society.
		-- Mark Twain


Nobody really knows what happiness is, until they're married.
And then it's too late.


You should, without hesitation, pound your typewriter into a
plowshare, your paper into fertilizer, and enter agriculture.
		-- Business Professor, University of Georgia


Order and simplification are the first steps toward
mastery of a subject -- the actual enemy is the unknown.
		-- Thomas Mann


G. B. Shaw to William Douglas Home: "Go on writing plays, my boy.  One
of these days a London producer will go into his office and say to his
secretary, `Is there a play from Shaw this morning?' and when she says
`No,' he will say, `Well, then we'll have to start on the rubbish.' And
that's your chance, my boy."


You've got to pity New Mexico... so far from heaven and so close to Texas.


