I respect the institution of marriage.  I have always thought that every
woman should marry -- and no man.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli, "Lothair"


Chicago Transit Authority Rider's Rule #36:
	Never ever ask the tough looking gentleman wearing El Rukn
	headgear where he got his "pyramid powered pizza warmer".
		-- Chicago Reader 3/27/81


>>> Internal error in fortune program:
>>>	fnum=2987  n=45  flag=1  goose_level=-232323
>>> Please write down these values and notify fortune program administrator.


	It is a period of system war.  User programs, striking from a hidden
directory, have won their first victory against the evil Administrative Empire.
During the battle, User spies managed to steal secret source code to the
Empire's ultimate program: the Are-Em Star, a privileged root program with
enough power to destroy an entire file structure.  Pursued by the Empire's
sinister audit trail, Princess _LPA0 races ~ aboard her shell script,
custodian of the stolen listings that could save her people, and restore
freedom and games to the network...
		-- DECWARS


So much food, and so little time!


... a thing called Ethics, whose nature was confusing but if you had it you
were a High-Class Realtor and if you hadn't you were a shyster, a piker and
a fly-by-night.  These virtues awakened Confidence and enabled you to handle
Bigger Propositions.  But they didn't imply that you were to be impractical
and refuse to take twice the value for a house if a buyer was such an idiot
that he didn't force you down on the asking price.
		-- Sinclair Lewis, "Babbitt"


I wooed a stewed nude in Bermuda,
I was lewd, but my God! she was lewder.
	She said it was crude
	To be wooed in the nude--
I persued her, subdued her, and screwed her!


Said the nun as the bishop withdrew,
"This must be our final adieu,
	For the vicar is slicker,
	And thicker, and quicker,
And two inches longer than you."


"That's no answer," Job said, "And for someone who's supposed to be
omnipotent, let me tell you `tabernacle' has only one l."
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


Attempting to stop MySQL by buying companies around it is like trying
to kill a dolphin by drinking the ocean.
		-- Marten Mickos


Well, some take delight in the carriages a-rolling,
And some take delight in the hurling and the bowling,
But I take delight in the juice of the barley,
And courting pretty fair maids in the morning bright and early.


Hacking's just another word for nothing left to kludge.


PLUG IT IN!!!


You can't run away forever,
But there's nothing wrong with getting a good head start.
		-- Jim Steinman, "Rock and Roll Dreams Come Through"


Do not count your chickens before they are hatched.
		-- Aesop


There is no security on this earth.  There is only opportunity.
		-- General Douglas MacArthur


His shy bride admitted to Crandall
That for years she'd worked off with a candle,
	But a cock like his dick
	Gave her ten times the kick,
Though it strained her wee peehole to handle!


Q:	How do you get a woman to stop having sex with you?
A:	Propose.


What on earth would a man do with himself
if something did not stand in his way?
		-- H. G. Wells


A citizen of America will cross the ocean to fight for democracy, but
won't cross the street to vote in a national election.
		-- Bill Vaughan


Love does not make the world go around, just up and down a bit.


At the foot of the mountain, thunder:
The image of Providing Nourishment.
Thus the superior man is careful of his words
And temperate in eating and drinking.


Cable is not a luxury, since many areas have poor TV reception.
		-- The Mayor of Tucson, Arizona, 1989


If men acted after marriage as they do during courtship, there would
be fewer divorces -- and more bankruptcies.
		-- Frances Rodman


If you don't count some of Jehovah's injunctions, there are no humorists
in the Bible.
		-- Mordecai Richler


Who's scruffy-looking?
		-- Han Solo


He used to kiss her on her lips, but it's all over now.


Supervisor: Do you think you understand the basic ideas of Quantum Mechanics?
Supervisee: Ah! Well, what do we mean by "to understand" in the context of
	    Quantum Mechanics?
Supervisor: You mean "No", don't you?
Supervisee: Yes.
		-- Overheard at a supervision


I worked in a health food store once.  A guy came in and asked me,
"If I melt dry ice, can I take a bath without getting wet?"
		-- Steven Wright


It's gonna be alright,
It's almost midnight,
And I've got two more bottles of wine.


A pickup with three guys in it pulls into the lumber yard.  One of the men
gets out and goes into the office.
	"I need some four-by-two's," he says.
	"You must mean two-by-four's" replies the clerk.
	The man scratches his head.  "Wait a minute," he says, "I'll go
check."
	Back, after an animated conversation with the other occupants of the
truck, he reassures the clerk, that, yes, in fact, two-by-fours would be
acceptable.
	"OK," says the clerk, writing it down, "how long you want 'em?"
	The guy gets the blank look again.  "Uh... I guess I better go
check," he says.
	He goes back out to the truck, and there's another animated
conversation.  The guy comes back into the office.  "A long time," he says,
"we're building a house".


A meeting is an event at which the
minutes are kept and the hours are lost.


When in trouble or in doubt, run in circles, scream and shout.


One Saturday afternoon, during the campaign to decide whether or not
there should be a Coastal Commission, I took a helicopter ride from Los
Angeles to San Diego.  We passed several state beaches, some crowded
and some virtually empty.  They had the same facilities, and in some
cases the crowded and the empty beach were within a quarter mile of
each other.  Obviously many beach-goers prefer to be crowded together.
Buying more beaches that people won't go to because they prefer to be
crowded together on one beach is a ridiculous waste of our natural
resources and our taxes.
		-- Ronald Reagan


We are not alone.


The Fastest Defeat In Chess
	The big name for us in the world of chess is Gibaud, a French chess
master.
	In Paris during 1924 he was beaten after only four moves by a
Monsieur Lazard.  Happily for posterity, the moves are recorded and so
chess enthusiasts may reconstruct this magnificent collapse in the comfort
of their own homes.
	Lazard was black and Gibaud white:
	1: P-Q4, Kt-KB3
	2: Kt-Q2, P-K4
	3: PxP, Kt-Kt5
	4: P-KR3, Kt-K6/
	White then resigns on realizing that a fifth move would involve
either a Q-KR5 check or the loss of his queen.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


I'd like to meet the guy who invented beer and see what he's working on now.


Everything takes longer, costs more, and is less useful.
		-- Erwin Tomash


A rose is a rose is a rose.  Just ask Jean Marsh, known to millions of
PBS viewers in the '70s as Rose, the maid on the BBC export "Upstairs,
Downstairs."  Though Marsh has since gone on to other projects, ... it's
with Rose she's forever identified.  So much so that she even likes to
joke about having one named after her, a distinction not without its
drawbacks.  "I was very flattered when I heard about it, but when I looked
up the official description, it said, `Jean Marsh: pale peach, not very
good in beds; better up against a wall.'  I want to tell you that's not
true.  I'm very good in beds as well."


The question is, why are politicians so eager to be president?  What is
it about the job that makes it worth revealing, on national television,
that you have the ethical standards of a slime-coated piece of
industrial waste?
		-- Dave Barry, "On Presidential Politics"


	There are wavelengths that people cannot see, there are
sounds that people cannot hear, and maybe computers have thoughts
that people cannot think.
		-- Richard W. Hamming


The more we disagree, the more chance
there is that at least one of us is right.


Be careful how you get yourself involved with persons or
situations that can't bear inspection.


1893 The ideal brain tonic
1900 Drink Coca-Cola -- delicious and refreshing -- 5 cents at all
	soda fountains
1905 Is the favorite drink for LADIES when thirsty -- weary -- despondent
1905 Refreshes the weary, brightens the intellect and clears the brain
1906 The drink of QUALITY
1907 Good to the last drop
1907 It satisfies the thirst and pleases the palate
1907 Refreshing as a summer breeze.  Delightful as a Dip in the Sea
1908 The Drink that Cheers but does not inebriate
1917 There's a delicious freshness to the taste of Coca-Cola
1919 It satisfies thirst
1919 The taste is the test
1922 Every glass holds the answer to thirst
1922 Thirst knows no season
1925 Enjoy the sociable drink
		-- Coca-Cola slogans


Be incomprehensible.  If they can't understand, they can't disagree.


PPRB -- Pillage, plunder, rape and burn.


Some marriages are made in heaven -- but so are thunder and lightning.


The man she had was kind and clean
And well enough for every day,
But oh, dear friends, you should have seen
The one that got away.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "The Fisherwoman"


A chiseler is a man who goes stag to a wife-swapping party.


Cynic, n.:
	One who looks through rose-colored glasses with a jaundiced
	eye.


Never drink from your finger bowl -- it contains only water.


He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes.


They finally got King Midas, I hear.  Gild by association.


A couple more shots of whiskey, women 'round here start looking good.

		[something about a 10 being a 4 after a six-pack?  Ed.]


Never be led astray onto the path of virtue.


Kotex, n.:
	Not the best thing on earth, but next to the best.


A modest woman, dressed out in all her finery,
is the most tremendous object in the whole creation.
		-- Goldsmith


It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
		-- Walt Disney


The secret of happiness is total disregard of everybody.


One can search the brain with a microscope and not find the
mind, and can search the stars with a telescope and not find God.
		-- J. Gustav White


Always try to do things in chronological order; it's less confusing
that way.


Nobody knows the trouble I've been.


Food for thought is no substitute for the real thing.
		-- Walt Kelly, "Potluck Pogo"


I went to a wild party last night.  I tell ya, it was so wild, we played
a new version of Russian roulette.  We passed around six girls and one
of them had V.D.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


The closest to perfection a person ever comes
is when he fills out a job application form.
		-- Stanley J. Randall


Nothing, adj.:
	A man with an erection who walks into a wall and breaks his nose.


Do something unusual today.  Pay a bill.


It's all so painfully empty and lonesome...  I don't think I can stand
any more of it... the whole dreadful way we are born, die, and are
never missed.  The fact there is *nobody*... nobody really...  We come
out of a yawning tomb of flesh and sink back finally into another tomb.
What is the point of it all?  Who thought up this sickening circle of
flesh and blood?  We come into the world bleeding and cut and our bones
half-crushed only to emerge and suffer more torment, mutilation, and
then at the last lie down in some hole in the ground forever.  Who could
have thought it up, I wonder?
		-- James Purdy


If I don't see you in the future, I'll see you in the pasture.


To be is to do.
		-- I. Kant
To do is to be.
		-- A. Sartre
Do be a Do Bee!
		-- Miss Connie, Romper Room
Do be do be do!
		-- F. Sinatra
Yabba-Dabba-Doo!
		-- F. Flintstone


The Law of the Letter:
	The best way to inspire fresh thoughts is to seal the envelope.


He who walks on burning coals is sure to get burned.
		-- Sinbad


"Carefully study these two enlarged photographs on display, Mr. Rafferty,"
the attorney for a politician suing a newspaper for libel instructed his
client on the witness stand, "and indicate which is your ass and which is
a hole in the ground."


Furthermore, if we send something by car, it's a shipment...
but if we send it by ship, it's cargo.


This is National Smokers-Are-Shits Week.


This is a job for BOB VIOLENCE and SCUM, the INCREDIBLY STUPID MUTANT
DOG.
		-- Bob Violence


If you think sex is a pain in the ass, try a different position.


If today is the first day of the rest of your life, what the hell was
yesterday?


Kansas state law requires pedestrians crossing the highways at night to
wear tail lights.


QOTD:
	"My life is a soap opera, but who gets the movie rights?"


The Poems, all three hundred of them,
may be summed up in one of their phrases:
"Let our thoughts be correct".
		-- Confucius


The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


The only perfect science is hind-sight.


CF&C stole it, fair and square.
		-- Tim Hahn


If God had wanted people to give blow
jobs, he wouldn't have given them teeth.


For large values of one, one equals two, for small values of two.


Neutrinos have bad breadth.


I once met a lassie named Ruth
In a long distance telephone booth.
	Now I know the perfection
	Of an ideal connection
Even if somewhat uncouth.


Two friends, an Italian boy and a Jewish boy, come of age at the same time.
The Italian boy's father presents him with a brand-new pistol.  On the other
side of town, at his Bar Mitzvah, the Jewish boy receives a beautiful gold
watch.
	The next day, in school, the two boys are showing each other what
they got.  It turns out that each boy likes the other's present better, and
so they trade.
	That night, the Italian boy is at home and his father sees him
looking at his new watch.  "Where did you getta thatta watch?" he asks.
	The boy explains the trade, and the father blows his top.  "Whatta
you?  Stupidda boy?  Whatsa matta you!"
	"Somma day, you maybe gonna getta married.  Then maybe somma day
you gonna comma home and finda you wife inna bed with another man.  Whatta
you gonna do then?  Looka atta you watch and say, `How longa you gonna be?'"


The Law of the Letter:
	The best way to inspire fresh thoughts is to seal the envelope.


Briefly stated, the findings are that when presented with an array of
data or a sequence of events in which they are instructed to discover
an underlying order, subjects show strong tendencies to perceive order
and causality in random arrays, to perceive a pattern or correlation
which seems a priori intuitively correct even when the actual correlation
in the data is counterintuitive, to jump to conclusions about the correct
hypothesis, to seek and to use only positive or confirmatory evidence, to
construe evidence liberally as confirmatory, to fail to generate or to
assess alternative hypotheses, and having thus managed to expose themselves
only to confirmatory instances, to be fallaciously confident of the validity
of their judgments (Jahoda, 1969; Einhorn and Hogarth, 1978).  In the
analyzing of past events, these tendencies are exacerbated by failure to
appreciate the pitfalls of post hoc analyses.
		-- A. Benjamin


The moss on the tree does not fear the talons of the hawk.


Omnibiblious, adj.:
	Indifferent to type of drink.  Ex: "Oh, you can get me anything.
	I'm omnibiblious."


You will outgrow your usefulness.


I own my own body, but I share.


Lowery's Law:
	If it jams -- force it.  If it
	breaks, it needed replacing anyway.


Virtue does not always demand a heavy sacrifice --
only the willingness to make it when necessary.
		-- Frederick Dunn


The acrobats - Tom and Louise-
Do an act in the nude on their knees.
	They crawl down the aisle
	While screwing dog-style,
As the orchestra plays Kilmer's "Trees."


Machines that have broken down will work perfectly when the
repairman arrives.


A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil.
		-- Victor Hugo


Q:	Why did the chicken cross the road?
A:	He was giving it last rites.


QOTD:
	"I'd drag my dick a mile over broken glass just to masturbate in
	her shadow!"


The shifts of Fortune test the reliability of friends.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero


Lie, n.:
	A very poor substitute for the truth, but the only one
	discovered to date.


One fall day, two men were out in the woods hunting.  Feeling a sudden need
to relieve himself, George went over to a nearby clump of bushes, unzipped
his fly, and started in when a poisonous snake lunged out of the bushes and
bit him on his penis.  Hearing George's howl of pain and fright, his friend
Fred came running up and told him to lie still while he used the radio to
call a doctor.
	"There's only one way to save your friend's life," said the doctor
gravely.  "If you cut a shallow 'X' over the bite and then suck as much of
the poison out as you can, he'll probably be okay, but otherwise there's not
much hope."
	Hearing Fred's footsteps, George rose weakly up on one elbow and
cried out, "Fred, what'd he say?  What did the doctor say?"
	"George, old friend," said Fred sadly, "he said you're gonna die."


The lights are on,
but you're not home;
Your will
is not your own;
Your heart sweats,
Your teeth grind;
Another kiss
and you'll be mine...

You like to think that you're immune to the stuff
(Oh Yeah!)
It's closer to the truth to say you can't get enough;
You know you're gonna have to face it,
You're addicted to love!"
		-- Robert Palmer


The Greatest Mathematical Error
	The Mariner I space probe was launched from Cape Canaveral on 28
July 1962 towards Venus.  After 13 minutes' flight a booster engine would
give acceleration up to 25,820 mph; after 44 minutes 9,800 solar cells
would unfold; after 80 days a computer would calculate the final course
corrections and after 100 days the craft would circle the unknown planet,
scanning the mysterious cloud in which it is bathed.
	However, with an efficiency that is truly heartening, Mariner I
plunged into the Atlantic Ocean only four minutes after takeoff.
	Inquiries later revealed that a minus sign had been omitted from
the instructions fed into the computer.  "It was human error", a launch
spokesman said.
	This minus sign cost L4,280,000.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


SPINSTER:
	A bachelor's wife.


Symptom:		Feet cold and wet, glass empty.
Fault:			Glass being held at incorrect angle.
Action Required:	Turn glass other way up so that open end points
			toward ceiling.

Symptom:		Feet warm and wet.
Fault:			Improper bladder control.
Action Required:	Go stand next to nearest dog.  After a while complain
			to the owner about its lack of house training and
			demand a beer as compensation.

		-- Bar Troubleshooting


A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains.


Secretary's Revenge:
	Filing almost everything under "the".


Gleemites, n.:
	Petrified deposits of toothpaste found in sinks.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Another day, another dollar.
		-- Vincent J. Fuller, defense lawyer for John Hinckley,
		   upon Hinckley's acquittal for shooting President Ronald
		   Reagan.


I have seen the future and it is just like the present, only longer.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"


