I've only got 12 cards.


There is a road to freedom.  Its milestones are Obedience, Endeavor, Honesty,
Order, Cleanliness, Sobriety, Truthfulness, Sacrifice, and love of the
Fatherland.
		-- Adolf Hitler


Radicalism:
	The conservatism of tomorrow injected into the affairs of today.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


DEJA VU:
	French., already seen; unoriginal; trite.
	Psychol., The illusion of having previously experienced
	something actually being encountered for the first time.
	Psychol., The illusion of having previously experienced
	something actually being encountered for the first time.


Why don't you fix your little problem... and light this candle?
		-- Alan Shepard, the first American into space, Gemini program


I knew her before she was a virgin.
		-- Oscar Levant, on Doris Day


There were the Scots
Who kept the Sabbath
And everything else they could lay their hands on.
Then there were the Welsh
Who prayed on their knees and their neighbors.
Thirdly there were the Irish
Who never knew what they wanted
But were willing to fight for it anyway.
Lastly there were the English
Who considered themselves a self-made nation
Thus relieving the Almighty of a dreadful responsibility.


RULES OF EATING -- THE BRONX DIETER'S CREED
	(1)  Never eat on an empty stomach.
	(2)  Never leave the table hungry.
	(3)  When traveling, never leave a country hungry.
	(4)  Enjoy your food.
	(5)  Enjoy your companion's food.
	(6)  Really taste your food.  It may take several portions to
	     accomplish this, especially if subtly seasoned.
	(7)  Really feel your food.  Texture is important.  Compare,
	     for example, the texture of a turnip to that of a
	     brownie.  Which feels better against your cheeks?
	(8)  Never eat between snacks, unless it's a meal.
	(9)  Don't feel you must finish everything on your plate.  You
	     can always eat it later.
	(10) Avoid any wine with a childproof cap.
	(11) Avoid blue food.
		-- Richard Smith, "The Bronx Diet"


The black bear used to be one of the most commonly seen large animals
because in Yosemite and Sequoia national parks they lived off of garbage
and tourist handouts.  This bear has learned to open car doors in
Yosemite, where damage to automobiles caused by bears runs into the tens
of thousands of dollars a year.  Campaigns to bearproof all garbage
containers in wild areas have been difficult, because as one biologist
put it, "There is a considerable overlap between the intelligence levels
of the smartest bears and the dumbest tourists."


O'Brian's Law:
	Everything is always done for the wrong reasons.


I was in accord with the system so long as it
permitted me to function effectively.
		-- Albert Speer


Under deadline pressure for the next week.
If you want something, it can wait.
Unless it's blind screaming paroxysmally hedonistic...


Moody bitch with attitude, seeks nice,
good-looking guy to dump on.


The sweeter the apple, the blacker the core --
Scratch a lover and find a foe!
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Ballad of a Great Weariness"


If Karl, instead of writing a lot about Capital,
had made a lot of Capital, it would have been much better.
		-- Karl Marx's Mother


Many a sober Christian would rather admit that a wafer is God than that God
is a cruel and capricious tyrant.
		-- Edward Gibbon


The streets are safe in Philadelphia, it's only the people who make
them unsafe.
		-- Mayor Frank Rizzo


I went to the hardware store and bought some used paint.  It was in
the shape of a house.  I also bought some batteries, but they weren't
included.
		-- Steven Wright


A cynic is a person searching for an honest man, with a stolen lantern.
		-- Edgar A. Shoaff


We may not return the affection of those who like us,
but we always respect their good judgment.


The universe is ruled by letting things take their course.
It cannot be ruled by interfering.
		-- Chinese proverb


Quantity is no substitute for quality,
but its the only one we've got.


An attachment a la Plato
for a bashful young potato
or a, not too French, french bean
must excite your languid spleen.
For, if you walk down Picadilly
with a poppy or lily
in your medieval hand,
every one will say,
as you walk your flowery way;
"If this young man is content,
with a vegetable love
which would certainly not content me.
Why, what a very pure young man
this pure young man must be!"
		-- W. S. Gilbert, "Patience"
		   [The subject of the humour is of course, Oscar Wilde]


Catch a wave and you're sitting on top of the world.
		-- The Beach Boys


Equal bytes for women.


A little inaccuracy sometimes saves tons of explanation.
		-- H. H. Munroe a.k.a. Saki, "The Square Egg" (1924)


It's not reality that's important, but how you perceive things.


****  CONVENTION REMINDER

No experiment was approved for the convention by the Human Subjects
Committee of the Psychiatric Convention Planning Team.  If you notice
smoke coming from under a closed door, if you find a body on the hotel
carpet, or if you just meet someone who orders you to press a button
marked "450 volts", react as you would normally.


I have yet to see any problem, however complicated, which, when looked
at in the right way, did not become still more complicated.
		-- Poul Anderson


The absent ones are always at fault.


Anyone can make an omelet with eggs.  The trick is to make one with
none.


One day I got on the usual bus, and when I stepped in, I saw the most
gorgeous blond Chinese girl... I sat beside her... I said "Hi," and she
said "Hi," and then I said "Nice day, isn't it," and she said "Yeah, I
guess"... I said "What do you mean 'you guess?'"... she said "I saw my
analyst today and he says I have a problem."... so I asked "What's the
problem?"... she replied "I can't tell you, I don't even know you."...
I said "Well sometimes it's good to tell your problems to a perfect
stranger on a bus."  So she said, "Well, my analyst said I'm a nymphomaniac
and I only like Jewish cowboys... by the way, my name is Diane."  I said,
"Hello, Diane, my name is Bucky Goldstein."
		-- Steven Wright


It is Mr. Mellon's credo that $200,000,000 can do no wrong.  Our
offense consists in doubting it.
		-- Justice Robert H. Jackson


Truth has no special time of its own.  Its hour is now -- always.
		-- Albert Schweitzer


Where there's a whip there's a way.


Practice yourself what you preach.
		-- Titus Maccius Plautus


Johnson's law:
	Systems resemble the organizations that create them.


Handy hint:
	A tea bag or two can be a dandy substitute
	when you're out of tampons.


Q:	What's the difference between USL and the Titanic?
A:	The Titanic had a band.


All a hacker needs is a tight PUSHJ, a loose pair of UUOs, and a warm
place to shift.


Such a foolish notion, that war is called devotion,
when the greatest warriors are the ones who stand for peace.


Even in the moment of our earliest kiss,
When sighed the straitened bud into the flower,
Sat the dry seed of most unwelcome this;
And that I knew, though not the day and hour.
Too season-wise am I, being country-bred,
To tilt at autumn or defy the frost:
Snuffing the chill even as my fathers did,
I say with them, "What's out tonight is lost."
I only hoped, with the mild hope of all
Who watch the leaf take shape upon the tree,
A fairer summer and a later fall
Than in these parts a man is apt to see,
And sunny clusters ripened for the wine:
I tell you this across the blackened vine.
		-- Edna St. Vincent Millay, "Even in the Moment of
		   Our Earliest Kiss", 1931


Someday we'll look back on this moment and plow into a parked car.
		-- Evan Davis


... Our second completely true news item was sent to me by Mr. H. Boyce
Connell, Jr. of Atlanta, Ga., where he is involved in a law firm.  One
thing I like about the South is, folks there care about tradition.  If
somebody gets handed a name like "H. Boyce," he hangs on to it, puts it
on his legal stationery, even passes it to his son, rather than do what
a lesser person would do, such as get it changed or kill himself.
		-- Dave Barry, "This Column is Nothing but the Truth!"


Conservative, n.:
	One who admires radicals centuries after they're dead.
		-- Leo C. Rosten


Short man who dance with tall woman gets bust in mouth.


Statistics are no substitute for judgment.
		-- Henry Clay


This is a good time to punt work.


The sixth sheik's sixth sheep's sick.
		-- [just say that five times...]


When we talk of tomorrow, the gods laugh.


There's more than one way to skin a cat:
	#27 -- Use an electric sander.


Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine,
Lisp Machine is Fun.
Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine,
Fun for everyone.


Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow you may work.


Here I sit, broken-hearted,
All logged in, but work unstarted.
First net.this and net.that,
And a hot buttered bun for net.fat.

The boss comes by, and I play the game,
Then I turn back to net.flame.
Is there a cure (I need your views),
For someone trapped in net.news?

I need your help, I say 'tween sobs,
'Cause I'll soon be listed in net.jobs.


I was at this restaurant.  The sign said "Breakfast Anytime."  So I
ordered French Toast in the Renaissance.
		-- Steven Wright


QOTD:
	"I only touch base with reality on an as-needed basis!"


People seem to enjoy things more when they know a lot of other people
have been left out on the pleasure.
		-- Russell Baker


It's a small world, but I wouldn't want to have to paint it.
		-- Steven Wright


When I was in school, I cheated on my metaphysics exam:
I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
		-- Woody Allen


There is nothing more silly than a silly laugh.
		-- Gaius Valerius Catullus


To announce that there must be no criticism of the president, or that we are
to stand by the president right or wrong, is not only unpatriotic and
servile, but is morally treasonable to the American public."
		-- Theodore Roosevelt


God made the integers; all else is the work of Man.
		-- Kronecker


When we are planning for posterity,
we ought to remember that virtue is not hereditary.
		-- Thomas Paine


Why marry a virgin?  If she wasn't good enough for the rest of them
then she isn't good enough for you.


She's the kind of woman you could fall madly in bed with.


Most people in this society who aren't actively mad are,
at best, reformed or potential lunatics.
		-- Susan Sontag


You will receive a legacy which will place you above want.


Got Mole problems?
Call Avogadro at 6.02 x 10^23.


You definitely intend to start living sometime soon.


Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt.
		-- Herbert Hoover


You will contract a rare disease.


To our sweethearts and wives.  May they never meet.
		-- 19th century toast


The countdown had stalled at "T" minus 69 seconds when Desiree, the first
female ape to go up in space, winked at me slyly and pouted her thick,
rubbery lips unmistakably -- the first of many such advances during what
would prove to be the longest, and most memorable, space voyage of my
career.
		-- Winning sentence, 1985 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest


Every time you masturbate, God kills a kitten.

Please, think of the kittens.


Never argue with a woman when she's tired -- or rested.


Treaties are like roses and young girls -- they last while they last.
		-- Charles DeGaulle


Water?  Never touch the stuff!  Fish fuck in it.
		-- W. C. Fields


Overload -- core meltdown sequence initiated.


According to my best recollection, I don't remember.
		-- Vincent "Jimmy Blue Eyes" Alo


After all my erstwhile dear,
My no longer cherished,
Need we say it was not love,
Just because it perished?
		-- Edna St. Vincent Millay


I met my latest girl friend in a department store.  She was looking at
clothes, and I was putting Slinkys on the escalators.
		-- Steven Wright


	"Well," said Programmer, "the customary procedure in such cases is
as follows."
	"What does Crustimoney Proseedcake mean?" said End-user.  "For I am
an End-user of Very Little Brain, and long words bother me."
	"It means the Thing to Do."
	"As long as it means that, I don't mind," said End-user humbly.


An egg has the shortest sex-life of all: it gets laid once; it gets
eaten once.  It also has to come in a box with 11 others, and the only
person who will sit on its face is its mother.


Success is something I will dress for when I get there, and not until.


The sixth sheik's sixth sheep's sick.
		-- [just say that five times...]


Things past redress and now with me past care.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"


QOTD:
	"It's men like him that give the Y chromosome a bad name."


Democracy is good.  I say this because other systems are worse.
		-- Jawaharlal Nehru


As you will see, I told them, in no uncertain terms, to see Figure one.
		-- Dave "First Strike" Pare


To communicate is the beginning of understanding.
		-- AT&T


As the truck driver came flying over the top of a steep hill, he spotted two
figures in his path rolling around in the middle of the road.  The driver blew
his horn and braked frantically, but the couple continued their lovemaking,
oblivious to his warnings.  The truck finally slid to a halt barely three
inches from the pair.  "Are you crazy?" the driver screamed at them.  "You
could have been killed!"
	The man stood up and faced the driver.  "Well, I was coming, she was
coming and you were coming," he panted, "and you were the only one with
brakes."


Q:	How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Two, one to hold the giraffe, and the other to fill the bathtub
	with brightly colored machine tools.

	[Surrealist jokes just aren't my cup of fur.  Ed.]


Kleptomaniac, n.:
	A rich thief.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


... [concerning quotation marks] even if we *_d_i_d* quote anybody in this
business, it probably would be gibberish.
		-- Thom McLeod


I CAN'T come back, I don't know how it works.
		-- Frank Morgan as The Wizard, "The Wizard of Oz"


He hath eaten me out of house and home.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


Real Users never know what they want, but they always know when your
program doesn't deliver it.


Don't kiss an elephant on the lips today.


Swahili, n.:
	The language used by the National Enquirer to print their
retractions.
		-- Johnny Hart


		NEW ADDITION TO THE LIBRARY:
"Sally", the department's new inflatable doll, is available on a
short-term removal basis only -- please sign her out and return her
promptly to avoid extended waits.  (We are still awaiting shipment of
our "Big John" doll.)


Vila:	"I think I have just made the biggest mistake of my life."
Orac:	"It is unlikely.  I would predict there are far greater mistakes
	waiting to be made by someone with your obvious talent for it."


I don't want to alarm anybody, but there is an excellent chance that
the Earth will be destroyed in the next several days.  Congress is
thinking about eliminating a federal program under which scientists
broadcast signals to alien beings.  This would be a large mistake.
Alien beings have nuclear blaster death cannons.  You cannot cut off
their federal programs as if they were merely poor people ...
		-- Dave Barry, "THE ALIENS ARE COMING, THE ALIENS ARE
		   COMING!"


And remember: if you don't like the news, go out and make some of
your own.
		-- "Scoop" Nisker, KFOG radio reporter
		   Preposterous Words


You lived with a man who wore white belts?
Laura, I'm disappointed in you.
		-- Remington Steele


A computer science student on an exam:

	According to Shannon, information has entropy.  Entropy is just
	a mathematical trick to introduce temperature.  Consequently,
	information has temperature.  Hence there are hot news and cool
	news.


Die, v.:
	To stop sinning suddenly.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


Happiness isn't something you experience; it's something you remember.
		-- Oscar Levant


It is impossible to obtain a conviction for sodomy from an English jury.
Half of them don't believe that it can physically be done, and the other
half are doing it.
		-- Winston Churchill


Nothing will ever be attempted
if all possible objections must be first overcome.
		-- Dr. Johnson


And all that the Lorax left here in this mess
was a small pile of rocks with the one word, "unless."
Whatever THAT meant, well, I just couldn't guess.
That was long, long ago, and each day since that day,
I've worried and worried and worried away.
Through the years as my buildings have fallen apart,
I've worried about it with all of my heart.

"BUT," says the Oncler, "now that you're here,
the word of the Lorax seems perfectly clear!
UNLESS someone like you cares a whole awful lot,
nothing is going to get better - it's not.
So... CATCH!" cries the Oncler.  He lets something fall.
"It's a truffula seed.  It's the last one of all!

"You're in charge of the last of the truffula seeds.
And truffula trees are what everyone needs.
Plant a new truffula -- treat it with care.
Give it clean water and feed it fresh air.
Grow a forest -- protect it from axes that hack.
Then the Lorax and all of his friends may come back!"
		-- Dr. Seuss, "The Lorax"


So many women, and so little time!


Telephone books are like dictionaries -- if you know the answer before
you look it up, you can eventually reaffirm what you thought you knew
but weren't sure.  But if you're searching for something you don't
already know, your fingers could walk themselves to death.
		-- Erma Bombeck


A.I. hackers do it with robots.


Why do so many foods come packaged in plastic?
It's quite uncanny.


What soon grows old?  Gratitude.
		-- Aristotle


"Scott, baby," the sexually aggressive girl murmured as she guided
her date's finger to her clitoris, "This bud's for you."


Adopting the metric system would have certain psychological advantages --
such as being able to claim 18 centimeters instead of seven inches.


Support your right to bare arms!
		-- A message from the National Short-Sleeved Shirt Association


Dibble's First Law of Sociology:
	Some do, some don't.


There is nothing as overrated as a bad
lay, or as underrated as a great shit.


The most popular labor-saving device today is still a husband with money.
		-- Joey Adams, "Cindy and I"


An apple a day makes 365 apples a year.


From the outset, the blind date was a fiasco and it was intensified by the
fact that the fellow was too insensitive and ego-ridden to realize it.  The
moment of truth came in the supper club as he clutched the girl's thigh and
whispered,
	"Baby, how's about our cutting out to my pad so I can slip you nine
inches?"
There was a moment of silence, and then the girl said,
	"You know, I really don't think you could get it up three times
in a row!"


You will obey or molten silver will be poured into your ears.


