The only really good place to buy lumber is at a store where the lumber
has already been cut and attached together in the form of furniture,
finished, and put inside boxes.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Stamp out philately.


And on the third day, Christ arose, pushed aside the rock that had served
as the tomb door, and walked again on the earth.
	And as he departed, a passer-by pointed at the door Jesus had left
open.  "What's the matter with you?" he said. "Born in a barn?"


I don't want to bore you, but there's nobody else around for me to bore.


To stay young requires unceasing cultivation
of the ability to unlearn old falsehoods.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough For Love"


I think the Mormon prophet
Was a very funny man.
I wonder how his wives enjoyed
His Prophet Sharing Plan.


The perfect lover is one who turns into a pizza at 4:00 A.M.
		-- Charles Pierce


Don't smoke the next cigarette.  Repeat.


A clitoris is a lot like Antarctica;
most men know it's there, but few really care.


For God's sake, stop researching for a while and begin to think!


Man's reach must exceed his grasp, for why else the heavens?


* UNIX is a Trademark of Bell Laboratories.


How can you think and hit at the same time?
		-- Yogi Berra


The meek will inherit the earth -- if that's OK with you.


Never commit yourself!  Let someone else commit you.


Time as he grows old teaches all things.
		-- Aeschylus


A lisping fag fell off a pleasure yacht and began to scream.  "Help! Help, I
can't thwim!"  One of the other passengers heard the caterwauling and leaned
over the rail, remarking, "Really, there's no need to scream.  Just reach out
and grab that buoy near you."  To which the floundering sodomite answered,
"Buoy!  Oh, thith ith no time for thekth, you degenerate... I'm dwowning!"


	The world's most avid baseball fan (an Aggie) had arrived at the
stadium for the first game of the World Series only to realize he had left
his ticket at home.  Not wanting to miss any of the first inning, he went
to the ticket booth and got in a long line for another seat.  After an hour's
wait he was just a few feet from the booth when a voice called out, "Hey,
Dave!"  The Aggie looked up, stepped out of line and tried to find the owner
of the voice -- with no success.  Then he realized he had lost his place in
line and had to wait all over again.  When the fan finally bought his ticket,
he was thirsty, so he went to buy a drink.  The line at the concession stand
was long, too, but since the game hadn't started he decided to wait.  Just as
he got to the window, a voice called out, "Hey, Dave!"  Again the Aggie tried
to find the voice -- but no luck.  He was very upset as he got back in line
for his drink.  Finally the fan went to his seat, eager for the game to begin.
As he waited for the pitch, he heard the voice calling, "Hey Dave!" once more.
Furious, he stood up and yelled at the top of his lungs, "My name is not
Dave!"


They use different words for things in America.
For instance they say elevator and we say lift.
They say drapes and we say curtains.
They say president and we say brain damaged git.
		-- Alexie Sayle


  I. Any body suspended in space will remain in space until made aware of
     its situation.
	Daffy Duck steps off a cliff, expecting further pastureland.  He
	loiters in midair, soliloquizing flippantly, until he chances to
	look down.  At this point, the familiar principle of 32 feet per
	second per second takes over.
 II. Any body in motion will tend to remain in motion until solid matter
     intervenes suddenly.
	Whether shot from a cannon or in hot pursuit on foot, cartoon
	characters are so absolute in their momentum that only a telephone
	pole or an outsize boulder retards their forward motion absolutely.
	Sir Isaac Newton called this sudden termination of motion the
	stooge's surcease.
III. Any body passing through solid matter will leave a perforation
     conforming to its perimeter.
	Also called the silhouette of passage, this phenomenon is the
	speciality of victims of directed-pressure explosions and of reckless
	cowards who are so eager to escape that they exit directly through
	the wall of a house, leaving a cookie-cutout-perfect hole.  The
	threat of skunks or matrimony often catalyzes this reaction.
		-- Esquire, "O'Donnell's Laws of Cartoon Motion", June 1980


King Louis gave a lesson in class,
One time while enjoying a lass.
	When she used the word "Damn"
	He rebuked her: "Please ma'am,
Keep a more civil tongue in my ass."


It's not enough to be Hungarian; you must have talent too.
		-- Alexander Korda


All great ideas are controversial, or have been at one time.


Spare no expense to save money on this one.
		-- Samuel Goldwyn


Engineering:	"How will this work?"
Science:	"Why will this work?"
Management:	"When will this work?"
Liberal Arts:	"Do you want fries with that?"


He tells you when you've got on too much lipstick,
And helps you with your girdle when your hips stick.
		-- Ogden Nash, on the perfect husband


Writing software is more fun than working.


Getting kicked out of the American Bar Association is liked getting kicked
out of the Book-of-the-Month Club.
		-- Melvin Belli on the occasion of his getting kicked out
		   of the American Bar Association


It's hard to be humble when you're perfect.


Never have so many understood so little about so much.
		-- James Burke


ACADEMY:
	A modern school where football is taught.
INSTITUTE:
	An archaic school where football is not taught.


A gambler's biggest thrill is winning a bet.
His next biggest thrill is losing a bet.


Who to himself is law no law doth need,
offends no law, and is a king indeed.
		-- George Chapman


I am only one, but I am one.  I cannot do everything, but I can do
something.  And I will not let what I cannot do interfere with what
I can do.
		-- Edward Everett Hale, (1822 - 1909)


If you don't do it, you'll never know what
would have happened if you had done it.


	Thompson, if he is to be believed, has sampled the entire
rainbow of legal and illegal drugs in heroic efforts to feel better
than he does.
	As for the truth about his health: I have asked around about
it.  I am told that he appears to be strong and rosy, and steadily
sane.  But we will be doing what he wants us to do, I think, if we
consider his exterior a sort of Dorian Gray facade.  Inwardly, he is
being eaten alive by tinhorn politicians.
	The disease is fatal.  There is no known cure.  The most we can
do for the poor devil, it seems to me, is to name his disease in his
honor.  From this moment on, let all those who feel that Americans can
be as easily led to beauty as to ugliness, to truth as to public
relations, to joy as to bitterness, be said to be suffering from Hunter
Thompson's disease.  I don't have it this morning.  It comes and goes.
This morning I don't have Hunter Thompson's disease.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr. on Dr. Hunter S. Thompson: Excerpt
		   from "A Political Disease", Vonnegut's review of "Fear
		   and Loathing: On the Campaign Trail '72"


Q:	Why did the chicken cross the road?
A:	He was giving it last rites.


Disc space -- the final frontier!


Q:	Minnesotans ask, "Why aren't there more pharmacists from Alabama?"
A:	Easy.  It's because they can't figure out how to get the little
	bottles into the typewriter.


Patience is long forgotten by convenience in this life.
		-- Carmen Caicedo Giraudy


HERPES:
	The final proof that 'tis better to give than to receive.
	Much better.


Password:


I used to be such a sweet sweet thing, 'til they got a hold of me,
I opened doors for little old ladies, I helped the blind to see,
I got no friends 'cause they read the papers, they can't be seen,
With me, and I'm feelin' real shot down,
And I'm, uh, feelin' mean,
	No more, Mr. Nice Guy,
	No more, Mr. Clean,
	No more, Mr. Nice Guy,
They say "He's sick, he's obscene".

My dog bit me on the leg today, my cat clawed my eyes,
Ma's been thrown out of the social circle, and Dad has to hide,
I went to church, incognito, when everybody rose,
The reverend Smithy, he recognized me,
And punched me in the nose, he said,
(chorus)
He said "You're sick, you're obscene".
		-- Alice Cooper, "No More Mr. Nice Guy"


Bower's Law:
	Talent goes where the action is.


Geometry teaches us to bisex angels.


	"I will profane your fucking remains, E. B."
	"Not my remains, Al!"
	"Gabriel's trumpet will produce you from the ass of a pig."
		-- Al Swearingen, E. B. Farnum, _Deadwood_


My mother-in-law broke up my marriage.  One day my wife
came home early from work and found us in bed together.
		-- Lenny Bruce


It's not an optical illusion, it just looks like one.
		-- Phil White


The first marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence,
and the second the triumph of hope over experience.


	Driving through a Swiss city one day, Alfred Hitchcock suddenly
pointed out of the car window and said, "That is the most frightening
sight I have ever seen."  His companion was surprised to see nothing
more alarming than a priest in conversation with a little boy, his hand
on the child's shoulder.  "Run, little boy," cried Hitchcock, leaning
out of the car.  "Run for your life!"


Save energy: be apathetic.


[Wisdom] is a tree of life to those laying
hold of her, making happy each one holding her fast.
		-- Proverbs 3:18, NSV


If I could stick my pen in my heart,
I would spill it all over the stage.
Would it satisfy ya, would it slide on by ya,
Would you think the boy was strange?
Ain't he strange?
...
If I could stick a knife in my heart,
Suicide right on the stage,
Would it be enough for your teenage lust,
Would it help to ease the pain?
Ease your brain?
		-- Rolling Stones, "It's Only Rock'N Roll"


Necrophilia, n.:
	Dropping in for a cold one.


You will pay for your sins.
If you have already paid, please disregard this message.


We ought to be very grateful that we have tools.  Millions of years ago
people did not have them, and home projects were extremely difficult.
For example, when a primitive person wanted to put up paneling, he had
to drive the little paneling nails into the cave wall with his bare
fist, so generally the paneling wound up getting spattered with
primitive blood, which isn't really all that bad when you consider how
ugly paneling is to begin with.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Never try to explain computers to a layman.  It's easier to explain
sex to a virgin.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein

(Note, however, that virgins tend to know a lot about computers.)


Don't be humble, you're not that great.
		-- Golda Meir


If we spoke a different language, we
would perceive a somewhat different world.
		-- Wittgenstein


There are new messages.


It is sweet to let the mind unbend on occasion.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


The yankees, son, are up north.
The damnyankees are down here.


The Great Movie Posters:

When You're Six Tons -- And They Call You Killer -- It's Hard To Make
Friends...
		-- Namu, the Killer Whale (1966)

Meet the Girls with the Thermo-Nuclear Navels!
		-- Dr. Goldfoot and the Girl Bombs (1966)

A GHASTLY TALE DRENCHED WITH GOUTS OF BLOOD SPURTING FROM THE VICTIMS
OF A CRAZED MADMAN'S LUST.
		-- A Taste of Blood (1967)


Sure eating yoghurt will improve your sex life.  People know that if
you'll eat that stuff, you'll eat anything.


I just got off the phone with Sonny Barger [President of the Hell's Angels].
He wants me to appear as a character witness for him at his murder trial
and said he'd be glad to appear as a character witness on my behalf if I
ever needed one.  Needless to say, I readily agreed.
		-- Thomas King Forcade, publisher of "High Times"


A master was asked the question, "What is the Way?" by a curious monk.
	"It is right before your eyes," said the master.
	"Why do I not see it for myself?"
	"Because you are thinking of yourself."
	"What about you: do you see it?"
	"So long as you see double, saying `I don't', and `you do', and so
on, your eyes are clouded," said the master.
	"When there is neither `I' nor `You', can one see it?"
	"When there is neither `I' nor `You',
who is the one that wants to see it?"


The world is coming to an end.  Please log off.


	Once again we find ourselves enmeshed in The Holiday Season, that very
special time of year when we join with our loved ones in sharing centuries-old
traditions such as trying to find a parking space at the mall.  We
traditionally do this in my family by driving around the parking lot until we
see a shopper emerge from the mall.  Then we follow her, in very much the same
spirit as the Three Wise Men, who, 2,000 years ago, followed a star, week after
week, until it led them to a parking space.
	We try to keep our bumper about 4 inches from the shopper's calves, to
let the other circling cars know that she belongs to us.  Sometimes, two cars
will get into a fight over whom the shopper belongs to, similar to the way
great white sharks will fight over who gets to eat a snorkeler.  So, we follow
our shopper closely, hunched over the steering wheel, whistling "It's Beginning
to Look a Lot Like Christmas" through our teeth, until we arrive at her car,
which is usually parked several time zones away from the mall.  Sometimes our
shopper tries to indicate she was merely planning to drop off some packages and
go back to shopping.  But, when she hears our engine rev in a festive fashion
and sees the holiday gleam in our eyes, she realizes she would never make it.
		-- Dave Barry, "Holiday Joy -- Or, the Great Parking Lot
		   Skirmish"


The difference between art and science is that science is what we
understand well enough to explain to a computer.  Art is everything else.
		-- Donald E. Knuth, "Discover"


In the shade of the old apple tree
Where between her fat legs I could see
	A little brown spot
	With the hair in a knot,
And it certainly looked good to me.

I asked as I tickled her tit
If she thought that my big thing would fit.
	She said it would do
	So we had a good screw		In the shade of the old apple tree
In the shade of the old apple tree.	I got all that was coming to me.
						In the soft dewy grass
I could hear the dull buzz of the bee		I had a fine piece of ass
As he sunk his grub hooks into me.	From a maiden that was fine to see.
	Her ass it was fine
	But you should have seen mine
In the shade of the old apple tree.


A jug of wine, a bowl of rice with it;
Earthen vessels
Simply handed in through the window.
There is certainly no blame in this.


Scintillation is not always identification for an auric substance.


Hear about...
	the young Chinese woman who just won the lottery?
	One fortunate cookie...


Coding is easy;  All you do is sit staring at a
terminal until the drops of blood form on your forehead.


You are sick, twisted and perverted.
I like that in a person.


Conquering Russia should be done steppe by steppe.


The IBM purchase of ROLM gives new meaning to the term "twisted pair".
		-- Howard Anderson, "Yankee Group"


Just weigh your own hurt against the hurt
of all the others, and then do what's best.
		-- Lovers and Other Strangers


My experience with government is when things are non-controversial,
beautifully co-ordinated and all the rest, it must be that not much
is going on.
		-- John F. Kennedy


The whole world is about three drinks behind.
		-- Humphrey Bogart


Sigmund's wife wore Freudian slips.


Be prepared... that's the Boy Scout's solemn creed.
Be prepared... to be clean in word and deed.
Don't solicit for your sister, that's not nice,
Unless you get a good percentage of her price ...
		-- Tom Lehrer


I'm not laughing behind your back; everything funny is in front!
		-- Rodney Dangerfield's wife


Campbell's Law:
	Nature abhors a vacuous experimenter.


Cops never say good-bye.  They're always hoping to see you again in the
line-up.
		-- Raymond Chandler


Coitus upon a cadaver
Is the ultimate way you can have 'er.
	Her inanimate state
	Means a man needn't wait,
And eliminates all the palaver.


A woman who is guided by the head and not by the heart is a social
pestilence: she has all the defects of the passionate and affectionate
woman, with none of her compensations; she is without pity, without
love, without virtue, without sex.
		-- Honore de Balzac


The solution of this problem is trivial
and is left as an exercise for the reader.


Hey baby!
	How 'bout a brutal face fuck?


But soft you, the fair Ophelia:
Ope not thy ponderous and marble jaws,
But get thee to a nunnery -- go!
		-- Mark "The Bard" Twain


You're being followed.  Cut out the hanky-panky for a few days.


Ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so.
		-- John Stuart Mill


Roland was a warrior, from the land of the midnight sun,
With a Thompson gun for hire, fighting to be done.
The deal was made in Denmark, on a dark and stormy day,
So he set out for Biafra, to join the bloody fray.
Through sixty-six and seven, they fought the Congo war,
With their fingers on their triggers, knee deep in gore.
Days and nights they battled, the Bantu to their knees,
They killed to earn their living, and to help out the Congolese.
	Roland the Thompson gunner...
His comrades fought beside him, Van Owen and the rest,
But of all the Thompson gunners, Roland was the best.
So the C.I.A decided, they wanted Roland dead,
That son-of-a-bitch Van Owen, blew off Roland's head.
	Roland the headless Thompson gunner...
Roland searched the continent, for the man who'd done him in.
He found him in Mombasa, in a bar room drinking gin,
Roland aimed his Thompson gun, he didn't say a word,
But he blew Van Owen's body from there to Johannesburg.
The eternal Thompson gunner, still wandering through the night,
Now it's ten years later, but he stills keeps up the fight.
In Ireland, in Lebanon, in Palestine, in Berkeley,
Patty Hearst... heard the burst... of Roland's Thompson gun, and bought it.
		-- Warren Zevon, "Roland the Headless Thompson Gunner"


I am America's child, a spastic slogging on demented
limbs drooling I'll trade my PhD for a telephone voice.
		-- Burt Lanier Safford III, "An Obscured Radiance"


A committee is a group that keeps the minutes and loses hours.
		-- Milton Berle


	In the beginning there was only one kind of Mathematician, created by
the Great Mathematical Spirit form the Book: the Topologist.  And they grew to
large numbers and prospered.
	One day they looked up in the heavens and desired to reach up as far
as the eye could see.  So they set out in building a Mathematical edifice that
was to reach up as far as "up" went.  Further and further up they went ...
until one night the edifice collapsed under the weight of paradox.
	The following morning saw only rubble where there once was a huge
structure reaching to the heavens.  One by one, the Mathematicians climbed
out from under the rubble.  It was a miracle that nobody was killed; but when
they began to speak to one another, SURPRISE of all surprises! they could not
understand each other.  They all spoke different languages.  They all fought
amongst themselves and each went about their own way.  To this day the
Topologists remain the original Mathematicians.
		-- The Story of Babel


You can always tell luck from ability by its duration.


Hi Jimbo.  Dennis.  Really appreciate the help on the income tax.
You wanna help on the audit now?


Dear Lord, observe this bended knee
This visage meek and humble,
And hear this confidential plea
Voiced in reverent mumble:
	Give me Shylock, give me Fagin
	But O God spare me Ronald Reagan!
		-- Ansel Adams


Sex is what women have and men want.


Between infinite and short there is a big difference.
		-- G. H. Gonnet


"I'm a doctor, not a mechanic."
		-- "The Doomsday Machine", when asked if he had heard of
		   the idea of a doomsday machine.
"I'm a doctor, not an escalator."
		-- "Friday's Child", when asked to help the very pregnant
		   Ellen up a steep incline.
"I'm a doctor, not a bricklayer."
		-- "Devil in the Dark", when asked to patch up the Horta.
"I'm a doctor, not an engineer."
		-- "Mirror, Mirror", when asked by Scotty for help in
		   Engineering aboard the USS Enterprise.
"I'm a doctor, not a coal miner."
		-- "The Empath", on being beneath the surface of Minara 2.
"I'm a surgeon, not a psychiatrist."
		-- "City on the Edge of Forever", on Edith Keeler's remark
		   that Kirk talked strangely.
"I'm no magician, Spock, just an old country doctor."
		-- "The Deadly Years", to Spock while trying to cure the
		   aging effects of the rogue comet near Gamma Hydra 4.
"What am I, a doctor or a moon shuttle conductor?"
		-- "The Corbomite Maneuver", when Kirk rushed off from a
		   physical exam to answer the alert.


It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you place the blame.


A Norse god decides to assume human form, come down from Valhalla, and check
out the local action.  He finds himself in the piano bar of Caesar's Boardwalk
Regency in Atlantic City, and sits down to sip an Acquavit or two.  After a few
minutes, an extremely attractive young woman, having been taken with his form
and features, sends a drink down to him, then joins him.  The chemistry between
them is immediate and total.  They have the next drink in her room, and spend
the night repeatedly making passionate love.  The woman has no idea of her
partner's true identity; all she knows is he's driving her mad.  In the
morning, the Norse god jumps into the shower.  Reflecting on the previous
night he decides that he wants to be honest with his new lover.  Without even
bothering to wrap himself in a towel, he leaps from the shower into the room,
where the woman is still in bed, exhausted.  He kneels beside the bed, looks
deep into her eyes and says, "Honey, I have something very important to tell
you -- I'm Thor!".
	The woman looks at him.  "You're Thor?", she says. "My inthides feel
like grated cheeth!"


There are people who find it odd to eat four or five Chinese meals
in a row; in China, I often remind them, there are a billion or so
people who find nothing odd about it.
		-- Calvin Trillin


Who's scruffy-looking?
		-- Han Solo


Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes.
		-- Dr. Warren Jackson, Director, UTCS


One way to make your old car run better is to look up the price of a
new model.


After twelve years of therapy my psychiatrist said something that
brought tears to my eyes.  He said, "No hablo ingles."
		-- Ronnie Shakes


If you can't read this, blame a teacher.


A Polish worker walks into a bank to deposit his paycheck.  He has heard
about Poland's economic problems, and he asks what would happen to his
money if the bank collapsed.  "All of our deposits are guaranteed by the
finance ministry, sir," the teller replies.
	"But what if the finance ministry goes broke?" the worker asks.
	"Then the government will intercede to protect the working class,"
the teller says.
	"But what if the government goes broke?" the worker asks.
	"Our socialist comrades in the Soviet Union naturally will come
to our assistance," the teller responds with growing irritation.
	"And if the Soviet Union goes broke?" the worker asks.
	"Idiot!" the teller snorts. "Isn't that worth losing one lousy
paycheck?"
		-- Making the rounds in Warsaw, 1984


Q:	How do you hide an elephant in a cherry tree?
A:	Paint his balls red and his toenails green.

Q:	Ever see an elephant in a cherry tree?
A:	No -- so it must work pretty well!

Q:	How did Tarzan die?
A:	Picking cherries!!!


You first have to decide whether to use the short or the long form.
The short form is what the Internal Revenue Service calls "simplified",
which means it is designed for people who need the help of a Sears
tax-preparation expert to distinguish between their first and last
names.  Here's the complete text:

	"(1) How much did you make?  (AMOUNT)
	"(2) How much did we here at the government take out?  (AMOUNT)
	"(3) Hey!  Sounds like we took too much!  So we're going to
	     send an official government check for (ONE-FIFTEENTH OF
	     THE AMOUNT WE TOOK) directly to the (YOUR LAST NAME)
	     household at (YOUR ADDRESS), for you to spend in any way
	     you please! Which just goes to show you, (YOUR FIRST
	     NAME), that it pays to file the short form!"

The IRS wants you to use this form because it gets to keep most of your
money.  So unless you have pond silt for brains, you want the long
form.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sweating Out Taxes"


A continuing flow of paper is sufficient to continue the flow of paper.
		-- Dyer


Here is the problem: for many years, the Supreme Court wrestled with
the issue of pornography, until finally Associate Justice John Paul
Stevens came up with the famous quotation about how he couldn't define
pornography, but he knew it when he saw it.  So for a while, the
court's policy was to have all the suspected pornography trucked to
Justice Stevens' house, where he would look it over.  "Nope, this isn't
it," he'd say.  "Bring some more."  This went on until one morning when
his housekeeper found him trapped in the recreation room under an
enormous mound of rubberized implements, and the court had to issue a
ruling stating that it didn't know what the hell pornography was except
that it was illegal and everybody should stop badgering the court about
it because the court was going to take a nap.
		-- Dave Barry, "Pornography"


Executive ability is prominent in your make-up.


Thus mathematics may be defined as the subject in which we never know
what we are talking about, nor whether what we are saying is true.
		-- Bertrand Russell


methionylglutaminylarginyltyrosylglutamylserylleucylphenylalanylalanylglutamin-
ylleucyllysylglutamylarginyllysylglutamylglycylalanylphenylalanylvalylprolyl-
phenylalanylvalylthreonylleucylglycylaspartylprolylglycylisoleucylglutamylglu-
taminylserylleucyllysylisoleucylaspartylthreonylleucylisoleucylglutamylalanyl-
glycylalanylaspartylalanylleucylglutamylleucylglycylisoleucylprolylphenylala-
nylserylaspartylprolylleucylalanylaspartylglycylprolylthreonylisoleucylgluta-
minylasparaginylalanylthreonylleucylarginylalanylphenylalanylalanylalanylgly-
cylvalylthreonylprolylalanylglutaminylcysteinylphenylalanylglutamylmethionyl-
leucylalanylleucylisoleucylarginylglutaminyllysylhistidylprolylthreonylisoleu-
cylprolylisoleucylglycylleucylleucylmethionyltyrosylalanylasparaginylleucylva-
lylphenylalanylasparaginyllysylglycylisoleucylaspartylglutamylphenylalanyltyro-
sylalanylglutaminylcysteinylglutamyllysylvalylglycylvalylaspartylserylvalylleu-
cylvalylalanylaspartylvalylprolylvalylglutaminylglutamylserylalanylprolylphe-
nylalanylarginylglutaminylalanylalanylleucylarginylhistidylasparaginylvalylala-
nylprolylisoleucylphenylalanylisoleucylcysteinylprolylprolylaspartylalanylas-
partylaspartylaspartylleucylleucylarginylglutaminylisoleucylalanylseryltyrosyl-
glycylarginylglycyltyrosylthreonyltyrosylleucylleucylserylarginylalanylglycyl-
valylthreonylglycylalanylglutamylasparaginylarginylalanylalanylleucylprolylleu-
cylasparaginylhistidylleucylvalylalanyllysylleucyllysylglutamyltyrosylasparagi-
nylalanylalanylprolylprolylleucylglutaminylglycylphenylalanylglycylisoleucylse-
rylalanylprolylaspartylglutaminylvalyllysylalanylalanylisoleucylaspartylalanyl-
glycylalanylalanylglycylalanylisoleucylserylglycylserylalanylisoleucylvalylly-
sylisoleucylisoleucylglutamylglutaminylhistidylasparaginylisoleucylglutamylpro-
lylglutamyllysylmethionylleucylalanylalanylleucyllysylvalylphenylalanylvalyl-
glutaminylprolylmethionyllysylalanylalanylthreonylarginylserine, n.:
	The chemical name for tryptophan synthetase A protein, a
	1,913-letter enzyme with 267 amino acids.
		-- Mrs. Byrne's Dictionary of Unusual, Obscure, and
		   Preposterous Words


If reporters don't know that truth is plural, they ought to be lawyers.
		-- Tom Wicker


Microwave oven?  Whaddya mean, it's a microwave oven?  I've been
watching Channel 4 on the thing for two weeks.


I'm a gay man trapped in a lesbian's body!
		-- The Queer Gospels of Madonna the Sloppily Conceived


Fortune Documents the Great Legal Decisions:

We can imagine no reason why, with ordinary care, human toes could not be
left out of chewing tobacco, and if toes are found in chewing tobacco, it
seems to us that someone has been very careless.
		-- 78 So. 365


When you go out to buy, don't show your silver.


I love being married.  It's so great to find that one special
person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.
		-- Rita Rudner


Hear about...
	the wild office Christmas party in a completely automated
	company -- the photocopier got drunk and tried to undo the
	typewriter's ribbon?


	I'd say that VCS is more like the anal sex of the software
world: Everybody talks about it, some people do it, some people enjoy
it, but typically only vague implications about the best techniques
are ever voiced in public.
              -- Warner Losh, on Version Control Systems


If I'm over the hill, why is it I don't recall ever being on top?
		-- Jerry Muscha


My own life has been spent chronicling the rise and fall of human systems,
and I am convinced that we are terribly vulnerable.  ...  We should be
reluctant to turn back upon the frontier of this epoch. Space is indifferent
to what we do; it has no feeling, no design, no interest in whether or not
we grapple with it. But we cannot be indifferent to space, because the grand,
slow march of intelligence has brought us, in our generation, to a point
from which we can explore and understand and utilize it. To turn back now
would be to deny our history, our capabilities.
		-- James A. Michener


YOUR FOAMY FUTURE
	by Miss Fortune

CANCER (Jun 22 - July 22)
	You've been awarded a clean bill of health this month and you feel
you owe it all to the excessive amount of Vitamin B, Iron, and Malt you get
in your beer.  Being healthy is admirable but don't you think you're going
to feel stupid one day lying in a hospital dying of nothing?

LEO (July 23 - August 22)
	You will soon acquire a large sum of money and will be in seventh
heaven as you head to the nearest Liquor Barn and buy all the beer they have
in stock.  Whoever said money couldn't buy happiness didn't know where to
shop.

VIRGO (August 23 - September 22)
	Your late night, beer drinking, "life in the fast lane" parties are
affecting your job production the next morning.  You feel a nine to five job
is not for a "party animal" such as yourself and may feel the need for a
career change.  Just remember, people who work sitting down get paid more
than people who work standing up.


