LOVE:
	Love ties in a knot in the end of the rope.


Education is what survives when what has been learnt has been forgotten.
		-- B. F. Skinner


Many a town that didn't have enough work to support a single lawyer
can easily support two or more.


Somehow I reached excess without ever noticing
when I was passing through satisfaction.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


Who loves me will also love my dog.
		-- John Donne


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #2
	Horses are forbidden to eat fire hydrants in Marshalltown, Iowa.


Stamp out organized crime!!  Abolish the IRS.


Every time I think I know where it's at, they move it.


Prince Absalom lay with his sister
And bundled and nibbled and kissed her,
	But the kid was so tight,
	And it was deep night --
Though he shot at the target, he missed her.


A day without sunshine is like night.


He who lives without folly is less wise than he believes.


There is no doubt that my lawyer is honest.  For example, when he
filed his income tax return last year, he declared half of his salary
as "unearned income."
		-- Michael Lara


Life is the childhood of our immortality.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


To code the impossible code,		This is my quest --
To bring up a virgin machine,		To debug that code,
To pop out of endless recursion,	No matter how hopeless,
To grok what appears on the screen,	No matter the load,
					To write those routines
To right the unrightable bug,		Without question or pause,
To endlessly twiddle and thrash,	To be willing to hack FORTRAN IV
To mount the unmountable magtape,	For a heavenly cause.
To stop the unstoppable crash!		And I know if I'll only be true
					To this glorious quest,
And the queue will be better for this,	That my code will run CUSPy and calm,
That one man, scorned and		When it's put to the test.
	destined to lose,
Still strove with his last allocation
To scrap the unscrappable kludge!
		-- To "The Impossible Dream", from Man of La Mancha


I Can't Get Over You, So I Get Up and Go Around to the Other Side
If You Won't Leave Me Alone, I'll Find Someone Who Will
I Knew That You'd Committed a Sin When You Came Home Late With
	Your Socks Outside-in
I'm a Rabbit in the Headlights of Your Love
Don't Kick My Tires If You Ain't Gonna Take Me For a Ride
I Liked You Better Before I Knew You So Well
I Still Miss You, Baby, But My Aim's Gettin' Better
I've Got Red Eyes From Your White Lies and I'm Blue All the Time
		-- proposed Country-Western song titles from "Wordplay"


Bierman's Laws of Contracts:
	(1) In any given document, you can't cover all the "what if's".
	(2) Lawyers stay in business resolving all the unresolved "what if's".
	(3) Every resolved "what if" creates two unresolved "what if's".


Where humor is concerned there are no standards -- no one can say what
is good or bad, although you can be sure that everyone will.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


After an instrument has been assembled,
extra components will be found on the bench.


Psychologist, n.:
	Someone who watches everyone else when an attractive woman walks
	into a room.


I worked in a health food store once.  A guy came in and asked me,
"If I melt dry ice, can I take a bath without getting wet?"
		-- Steven Wright


Basically my wife was immature.  I'd be at home in the bath and she'd
come in and sink my boats.
		-- Woody Allen


Politicians are the same everywhere.  They promise
to build a bridge even where there is no river.
		-- Nikita Khrushchev


This limerick is **SO**FILTHY** that it would offend you.  So I'll put
"di-dah" for the filthy words:

	Di-dah, di-dah, di-dah di-dah,
	Di-dah di-dah di-dah, di-dah;
		Di-dah di-dah di-dah?
		Di-dah di-dah di-dah.
	Di-dah di-dah, di-dah di-fuck.


A student who changes the course of history is probably taking an exam.


What fools these morals be!


An elephant is a mouse with an operating system.


Female ballet dancers are the bravest girls around.  Who else would take a
flying leap into the arms of a homosexual and expect to be caught?
		-- Rita Rudner


You must realize that the computer has it in for you.  The irrefutable
proof of this is that the computer always does what you tell it to do.


The wise shepherd never trusts his flock to a smiling wolf.


The adjuration to be "normal" seems shockingly repellent to me; I see neither
hope nor comfort in sinking to that low level.  I think it is ignorance that
makes people think of abnormality only with horror and allows them to remain
undismayed at the proximity of "normal" to average and mediocre.  For surely
anyone who achieves anything is, essentially, abnormal.
		-- Dr. Karl Menninger, "The Human Mind", 1930


I place economy among the first and most important virtues, and public debt as
the greatest of dangers to be feared.  To preserve our independence, we must
not let our rulers load us with perpetual debt.  If we run into such debts, we
must be taxed in our meat and drink, in our necessities and in our comforts,
in our labor and in our amusements.  If we can prevent the government from
wasting the labor of the people, under the pretense of caring for them, they
will be happy.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Weed's Axiom:
	Never ask two questions in a business letter.
	The reply will discuss the one in which you are
	least interested and say nothing about the other.


Needs are a function of what other people have.


The Microsoft Exchange MTA Stacks service depends on the Microsoft Exchange
System Attendant service which failed to start because of the following
error:

The operation completed successfully.

For more information, see Help and Support Center at
http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/events.asp.


Nobody suffers the pain of birth or the anguish of loving a child in order
for presidents to make wars, for governments to feed on the substance of
their people, for insurance companies to cheat the young and rob the old.
		-- Lewis Lapham


PPRB -- Pillage, plunder, rape and burn.


We wish you a Hare Krishna
We wish you a Hare Krishna
We wish you a Hare Krishna
And a Sun Myung Moon!
		-- Maxwell Smart


There is a young faggot named Mose
Who insists that you fuck his long nose.
	And you'll double the joy
	Of this lecherous boy
If you'll tickle his balls with your toes.


Q:	What do you call the scratches that you get when a female
	sheep bites you?
A:	Ewe nicks.


W. Lafayette may not be the asshole of the universe...
	but you sure as hell can see it from there!


Kern, v.:
	1. To pack type together as tightly as the kernels on an ear
	of corn.  2. In parts of Brooklyn and Queens, N.Y., a small,
	metal object used as part of the monetary system.


The biggest difference between time and space is that you can't reuse time.
		-- Merrick Furst


Spark's Sixth Rule for Managers:
	If a subordinate asks you a pertinent question, look at him as
if he had lost his senses.  When he looks down, paraphrase the question
back at him.


We are born naked, wet, and hungry, and get slapped on our ass ...
then things get worse.


Some of my readers ask me what a "Serial Port" is.
The answer is: I don't know.
Is it some kind of wine you have with breakfast?


I turned my air conditioner the other way around, and it got cold out.
The weatherman said "I don't understand it.  I was supposed to be 80
degrees today," and I said "Oops."

In my house on the ceilings I have paintings of the rooms above... so
I never have to go upstairs.

I just bought a microwave fireplace... You can spend an evening in
front of it in only eight minutes.
		-- Steven Wright


What the hell, go ahead and put all your eggs in one basket.


To see the butcher slap the steak, before he laid it on the block,
and give his knife a sharpening, was to forget breakfast instantly.  It was
agreeable, too -it really was- to see him cut it off, so smooth and juicy.
There was nothing savage in the act, although the knife was large and keen;
it was a piece of art, high art; there was delicacy of touch, clearness of
tone, skillful handling of the subject, fine shading.  It was the triumph of
mind over matter; quite.
		-- Charles Dickens, "Martin Chuzzlewit"


If life's a piece of shit, Calculus III is the spoon.


Eating chocolate is like being in love without the aggravation.


The basic menu item, in fact the ONLY menu item, would be a food unit
called the "patty," consisting of -- this would be guaranteed in
writing -- "100 percent animal matter of some kind."  All patties would
be heated up and then cooled back down in electronic devices
immediately before serving.  The Breakfast Patty would be a patty on a
bun with lettuce, tomato, onion, egg, Ba-Ko-Bits, Cheez Whiz, a Special
Sauce made by pouring ketchup out of a bottle and a little slip of
paper stating: "Inspected by Number 12".  The Lunch or Dinner Patty
would be any Breakfast Patties that didn't get sold in the morning.
The Seafood Lover's Patty would be any patties that were starting to
emit a serious aroma.  Patties that were too rank even to be Seafood
Lover's Patties would be compressed into wads and sold as "Nuggets."
		-- Dave Barry, "'Mister Mediocre' Restaurants"


It is not for me to attempt to fathom the
inscrutable workings of Providence.
		-- The Earl of Birkenhead


God gives us relatives; thank goodness we can chose our friends.


Once again dread deed is done.
Canon sleeps,
his all-knowing eye shaded
to human chance and circumstance.
Peace reigns anew o'er Pine Valley,
but Canon's sleep is troubled.

Beware, scant days past the Ides of July.
Impatient hands wait eagerly
to grasp, to hold
scant moments of time
wrested from life in the full
glory of Canon's power;
held captive by his unblinking eye.

Three golden orbs stand watch;
one each to toll the day, hour, minute
until predestiny decrees his reawakening.
When that feared moment arrives,
"Ask not for whom the bell tolls,
It tolls for thee."
		-- "I extended the loan on your Camera, at the Pine
		   Valley Pawn Shop today"


The moon is made of green cheese.
		-- John Heywood


I bet the human brain is a kludge.
		-- Marvin Minsky


What do you give a man who has everything?  Penicillin.
		-- Jerry Lester


While sitting 'neath an oak one morn
In thought on this and that,
A tiny, twitt'ring little bird		"Oh tiny bird, O Nature's gift
A load dropped in my hat.		Of music and of wit!
					Why didst thou feel that my best hat
"Thy music gladdens my poor soul,	Was thy best place to shit?"
And brings joy to my heart.
But tell me, little bird divine,	The tiny bird a few notes sang,
Why didst thou not just fart?"		Then answer'd "Pardon me,
					For thy hat I thought was my nest,
I rose and stood in solemn awe		A-fallen from the tree."
His words to better mull,
Then lifted up a paving block
And crushed his fucking skull.
		-- Bill Wordsworth, "A Tiny Twitt'ring Bird"


This place just isn't big enough for all of us.  We've
got to find a way off this planet.


Sometimes, you just gotta say "What the fuck."
		-- Risky Business


Let a Field Service Engineer put it in.


They're just jealous because they don't have three
wise men and a virgin in the whole organization.
		-- Mayor Vincent J. "Buddy" Cianci, on the
		   ACLU's suit to have a city nativity scene removed.


Seems this fellow was suffering from terrific headaches, and went to his
doctor about it. The physician made a number of tests, and informed the man
that the only thing for his headaches was castration.  After a few more
months, the headaches became so intense that the man agreed to the operation.
Naturally enough, the ruination of his sex life depressed him tremendously,
and he decided to purchase a new wardrobe to make himself feel better.
He enters a men's clothing store and a salesman wanders over, looks him
up and down, and says, "Well, let's start with shirts... 15 neck, 34 sleeve."
	The guy is amazed.  "How'd you know?"
	"Well, I've been here nearly 30 years, and I can tell sizes within
a quarter inch on every piece of clothing."  The salesman's claim is borne
out.  Slacks, 34 waist, 32 inseam; jacket: 42 long.  And so on and so forth.
When the man has been completely outfitted he decides that he'd better buy
some new underwear.
	The salesman looks at him and says, "Okay, that'll be a 34."
	"No, that's wrong," says the man.  "I've always worn a 32."  The
salesman insists, pointing out his accuracy so far.  The man argues, agreeing
that while he's been right so far, he has always worn a 32 in shorts.
	Finally in exasperation, the salesman says, "Listen, I tell you,
you *have* to wear a 34.  Otherwise, you'll get these *awful* headaches."


USENET would be a better laboratory is there were
more labor and less oratory.
		-- Elizabeth Haley


Whenever I date a guy, I think, is this the man I want my children
to spend their weekends with?
		-- Rita Rudner


Very few things actually get manufactured these days, because in an
infinitely large Universe, such as the one in which we live, most things one
could possibly imagine, and a lot of things one would rather not, grow
somewhere.  A forest was discovered recently in which most of the trees grew
ratchet screwdrivers as fruit.  The life cycle of the ratchet screwdriver is
quite interesting.  Once picked it needs a dark dusty drawer in which it can
lie undisturbed for years.  Then one night it suddenly hatches, discards its
outer skin that crumbles into dust, and emerges as a totally unidentifiable
little metal object with flanges at both ends and a sort of ridge and a hole
for a screw.  This, when found, will get thrown away.  No one knows what the
screwdriver is supposed to gain from this.  Nature, in her infinite wisdom,
is presumably working on it.


Hear about...
	the fine, upstanding young woman who's wonderful laying down?


At the end of your life there'll be a good rest,
and no further activities are scheduled.


What they said:
	What they meant:

"If you knew this person as well as I know him, you would think as much
of him as I do."
	(Or as little, to phrase it slightly more accurately.)
"Her input was always critical."
	(She never had a good word to say.)
"I have no doubt about his capability to do good work."
	(And it's nonexistent.)
"This candidate would lend balance to a department like yours, which
already has so many outstanding members."
	(Unless you already have a moron.)
"His presentation to my seminar last semester was truly remarkable:
one unbelievable result after another."
	(And we didn't believe them, either.)
"She is quite uniform in her approach to any function you may assign her."
	(In fact, to life in general...)


There is no need to do any housework at all.  After the first four years
the dirt doesn't get any worse.
		-- Quentin Crisp


The boys in the Epperson family all acquired fine educations except for Edward.
They made him go to school, but most of the time he just ignored what was said
there.  Yet there were rare moments when he could display a bit of curiosity.
	One day Edward was sitting at home looking at a magazine, and he said
to his brilliant older brother, Hud, he said, "Hud, what does fox pass mean?"
	Brother Hud gave the question some deep consideration and then said,
"You must mean _faux_pas_."
	"The way it's spelled," said dumb Ed, "it's fox pass."
	Hud took a look at the way it was spelled and then said, "It's a French
phrase -- it means a social blunder.  Remember last Sunday when the Bishop came
for dinner?  Mother took him out in the garden and they were looking over the
roses when the Bishop got stuck on the thumb by a thorn.  It was bleeding quite
a bit so Mother brought him in the house.  They went into the bathroom together
and stayed quite a while, and when they came out we all went to the dinner
table.  Remember all that, Ed?"
	"Yeh."
	"Now," Hud continued, "you recall that I was just getting to pass
the gravy when Mother said, 'Bishop, does your prick still throb?'  The gravy
bowl flew out of my hands and hit the table, and the gravy splattered all
over everyone.  And just at that point you, Brother Edward, you hollered,
'Sheee-itt!'  You remember that?"
	"Yeh."
	"Well, when you hollered 'Sheee-itt!' that was a _faux_pas_."


	They are fools that think that wealth or women or strong drink or even
drugs can buy the most in effort out of the soul of a man.  These things offer
pale pleasures compared to that which is greatest of them all, that task which
demands from him more than his utmost strength, that absorbs him, bone and
sinew and brain and hope and fear and dreams -- and still calls for more.
	They are fools that think otherwise.  No great effort was ever bought.
No painting, no music, no poem, no cathedral in stone, no church, no state was
ever raised into being for payment of any kind.  No Parthenon, no Thermopylae
was ever built or fought for pay or glory; no Bukhara sacked, or China ground
beneath Mongol heel, for loot or power alone.  The payment for doing these
things was itself the doing of them.
	To wield oneself -- to use oneself as a tool in one's own hand -- and
so to make or break that which no one else can build or ruin -- THAT is the
greatest pleasure known to man!  To one who has felt the chisel in his hand
and set free the angel prisoned in the marble block, or to one who has felt
sword in hand and set homeless the soul that a moment before lived in the body
of his mortal enemy -- to those both come alike the taste of that rare food
spread only for demons or for gods."
		-- Gordon R. Dickson, "Soldier Ask Not"


Please stand for the National Anthem:

	God save our Gracious Queen!
	Long live our Noble Queen!
	God save the Queen!
	Send her victorious,
	Happy and glorious,
	Long to reign o'er us!
	God save the Queen!

Thank you.  You may resume your seat.


A man may well bring a horse to the water,
but he cannot make him drink with he will.
		-- John Heywood


"Rights" is a fictional abstraction.  No one has "Rights", neither
machines nor flesh-and-blood.  Persons... have opportunities, not
rights, which they use or do not use.
		-- Lazarus Long


We don't really understand it, so we'll give it to the programmers.


Catch a wave and you're sitting on top of the world.
		-- The Beach Boys


A clergical student named Simms
Hums liturgical tunes while he rims:
	A nice piece of ass
	Gets the B-Minor Mass ...
All the others get Anglican hymns.


Don't worry if you're a kleptomaniac,
you can always take something for it.


Grand Master Turing once dreamed that he was a machine.  When he awoke
he exclaimed:
	"I don't know whether I am Turing dreaming that I am a machine,
	or a machine dreaming that I am Turing!"
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


It is your concern when your neighbor's wall is on fire.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


[Norm returns from the hospital.]

Coach:  What's up, Norm?
Norm:   Everything that's supposed to be.
		-- Cheers, Diane Meets Mom

Sam:	What's new, Normie?
Norm:	Terrorists, Sam.  They've taken over my stomach.
	They're demanding beer.
		-- Cheers, The Heart is a Lonely Snipehunter

Coach: What'll it be, Normie?
Norm:  Just the usual, Coach.  I'll have a froth of beer and a snorkel.
		-- Cheers, King of the Hill


First Corollary of Taber's Second Law:
	Machines that piss people off get murdered.
		-- Pat Taber


During the voyage of life, remember to keep an eye out for a
fair wind; batten down during a storm; hail all passing ships;
and fly your colors proudly.


Don't get mad, get interest.


1/2 oz. gin
1/2 oz. vodka
1/2 oz. rum (preferably dark)
3/4 oz. tequila
1/2 oz. triple sec
1/2 oz. orange juice
3/4 oz. sour mix
1/2 oz. cola
shake with ice and strain into frosted glass.
		Long Island Iced Tea


Why does man kill?  He kills for food.
And not only food: frequently there must be a beverage.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


I have a very strange feeling about this...
		-- Luke Skywalker


Programmers used to batch environments may find it hard to live
without giant listings; we would find it hard to use them.
		-- Dennis M. Ritchie


QOTD:
	"Her other car is a broom."


SPINSTER:
	Unlusted number.


Much as they like to persuade us differently, lawyers are simply hired
consultants, and at some point you time them out.
		-- Craig Partridge


The moving cursor writes, and having written, blinks on.


"Art" is the ability to separate the significant from the insignificant.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


If reporters don't know that truth is plural, they ought to be lawyers.
		-- Tom Wicker


Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants.
		-- General Omar N. Bradley


Denver, n.:
	A smallish city located just below the "O" in Colorado.


Don't make a big deal out of everything; just deal with everything.


Life is like arriving late for a movie, having to figure out what was
going on without bothering everybody with a lot of questions, and then
being unexpectedly called away before you find out how it ends.


WHERE CAN THE MATTER BE
	Oh, dear, where can the matter be
	When it's converted to energy?
	There is a slight loss of parity.
	Johnny's so long at the fair.


You will have a long and unpleasant discussion with your supervisor.


GIVE:	Support the helpless victims of computer error.


...we must not judge the society of the future by considering whether or not
we should like to live in it; the question is whether those who have grown up
in it will be happier than those who have grown up in our society or those of
the past.
		-- Joseph Wood Krutch


I may not be totally perfect, but parts of me are excellent.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


There is always one thing to remember: writers are always selling
somebody out.
		-- Joan Didion, "Slouching Towards Bethlehem"


No, my friend, the way to have good and safe government, is not to trust it
all to one, but to divide it among the many, distributing to every one exactly
the functions he is competent to.  It is by dividing and subdividing these
republics from the national one down through all its subordinations, until it
ends in the administration of every man's farm by himself; by placing under
every one what his own eye may superintend, that all will be done for the best.
		-- Thomas Jefferson, to Joseph Cabell, 1816


Jane and I got mixed up with a television show -- or as we call it back
east here: TV -- a clever contraction derived from the words Terrible
Vaudeville. However, it is our latest medium -- we call it a medium
because nothing's well done. It was discovered, I suppose you've heard,
by a man named Fulton Berle, and it has already revolutionized social
grace by cutting down parlour conversation to two sentences: "What's on
television?" and "Good night".
		-- Goodman Ace, letter to Groucho Marx, in The Groucho
		   Letters, 1967


Practical people would be more practical if
they would take a little more time for dreaming.
		-- J. P. McEvoy


Democracy is a form of government that substitutes election by the
incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Fain would I climb, yet fear I to fall.
		-- Sir Walter Raleigh


Being owned by someone used to be called
slavery -- now it's called commitment.


Something better...

13 (sympathetic): Oh, What happened?  Did your parents lose a bet with God?
14 (complementary): You must love the little birdies to give them this to
	perch on.
15 (scientific): Say, does that thing there influence the tides?
16 (obscure): Oh, I'd hate to see the grindstone.
17 (inquiry): When you stop to smell the flowers, are they afraid?
18 (french): Say, the pigs have refused to find any more truffles until you
	leave.
19 (pornographic): Finally, a man who can satisfy two women at once.
20 (religious): The Lord giveth and He just kept on giving, didn't He.
21 (disgusting): Say, who mows your nose hair?
22 (paranoid): Keep that guy away from my cocaine!
23 (aromatic): It must be wonderful to wake up in the morning and smell the
	coffee ... in Brazil.
24 (appreciative): Oooo, how original.  Most people just have their teeth
	capped.
25 (dirty): Your name wouldn't be Dick, would it?
		-- Steve Martin, "Roxanne"


There's no real need to do housework -- after four years it doesn't get
any worse.


I have more hit points that you can possible imagine.


Mencken and Nathan's Sixteenth Law of The Average American:
	Milking a cow is an operation demanding a special talent that
	is possessed only by yokels, and no person born in a large city
	can never hope to acquire it.


Fortune's diet truths:
1:  Forget what the cookbooks say, plain yogurt tastes nothing like sour cream.
2:  Any recipe calling for soybeans tastes like mud.
3:  Carob is not an acceptable substitute for chocolate.  In fact, carob is not
    an acceptable substitute for anything, except, perhaps, brown shoe polish.
4:  There is no such thing as a "fun salad."  So let's stop pretending and see
    salads for what they are:  God's punishment for being fat.
5:  Fruit salad without maraschino cherries and marshmallows is about as
    appealing as tepid beer.
6:  A world lacking gravy is a tragic place!
7:  You should immediately pass up any recipes entitled "luscious and
    low-cal."  Also skip dishes featuring "lively liver."  They aren't and
    it isn't.
8:  Wearing a blindfold often makes many diet foods more palatable.
9:  Fresh fruit is not dessert.  CAKE is dessert!
10: Okra tastes slightly worse than its name implies.
11: A plain baked potato isn't worth the effort involved in chewing and
    swallowing.


