AMOEBIT:
	Amoeba/rabbit cross; it can multiply
	and divide at the same time.


She won' go Warp 7, Cap'n!  The batteries are dead!


Reality is for people who lack imagination.


Systems people do it with a small, but clean, interface.


Floppy now, hard later.


Coors, n.:
	Like making love in a canoe -- fucking close to water.


Power tends to corrupt, absolute power corrupts absolutely.
		-- Lord Acton


Disbar, n.:
	As distinguished from some other bar.


Anoint, v.:
	To grease a king or other great functionary already sufficiently
	slippery.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The best laid plans of mice and men are usually about equal.
		-- Blair


	I said, "Preacher, give me strength for round 5."
	He said, "What you need is to grow up, son."
	I said, "Growin' up leads to growin' old, And then to dying, and
to me that don't sound like much fun.
		-- John Cougar, "The Authority Song"


The notes blatted skyward as the rose over the Canada geese, feathered
rumps mooning the day, webbed appendages frantically pedaling unseen
bicycles in their search for sustenance, driven by cruel Nature's maxim,
'Ya wanna eat, ya gotta work,' and at last I knew Pittsburgh.
		-- Winning sentence, 1987 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest


Obviously the only rational solution to your problem is suicide.


Never worry about theory as long as the
machinery does what it's supposed to do.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


QOTD:
	"Dead people are good at running because they don't
	have to stop and breathe."
		-- Hokey, watching "Night of the Living Dead"


Hard, adj.:
	The quality of your own data; also how it is to believe those
	of other people.


Grig (the navigator):
	... so you see, it's just the two of us against the entire space
	armada.
Alex (the gunner):
	What?!?
Grig:	I've always wanted to fight a desperate battle against
	overwhelming odds.
Alex:	It'll be a slaughter!
Grig:	That's the spirit!
		-- The Last Starfighter


This land is full of trousers!
this land is full of mausers!
	And pussycats to eat them when the sun goes down!
		-- The Firesign Theatre


They are ill discoverers that think there is no land,
when they can see nothing but sea.
		-- Francis Bacon


He who hesitates is sometimes saved.


Life is to you a dashing and bold adventure.


Cohen's Law:
	There is no bottom to worse.


Grub first, then ethics.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


C for yourself.


Minnesota --
	home of the blonde hair and blue ears.
	mosquito supplier to the free world.
	come fall in love with a loon.
	where visitors turn blue with envy.
	one day it's warm, the rest of the year it's cold.
	land of many cultures -- mostly throat.
	where the elite meet sleet.
	glove it or leave it.
	many are cold, but few are frozen.
	land of the ski and home of the crazed.
	land of 10,000 Petersons.


Information Processing:
	What you call data processing when people are so disgusted with
	it they won't let it be discussed in their presence.


All business is based on the mutual trust of one of the parts.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


History repeats itself only if one does not listen the first time.


Megaton Man:	"LOOK at them!  Helpless, tender creatures, relying on
		ME, waiting for ME to make my move!"

(from below):	"Move your ASS, Fat-head!"

Megaton Man:	"It is a MANDATE, and I am DUTY BOUND to OBEY!"


Kaufman's First Law of Party Physics:
	Population density is inversely proportional
	to the square of the distance from the keg.


No matter how cynical you get, it's impossible to keep up.


Anyone can say "no." It is the first word a child learns and often the
first word he speaks. It is a cheap word because it requires no
explanation, and many men and women have acquired a reputation for
intelligence who know only this word and have used it in place of
thought on every occasion.
		-- Chuck Jones (Warner Bros. animation director.)


Noone ever built a statue to a critic.


People with narrow minds usually have broad tongues.


I know why the sun never sets on the British Empire -- God wouldn't trust
an Englishman in the dark.
		-- Duncan Spaeth


So it's ai yi yi yi,
Your mother scores more than Wayne Gretzky!
So sing me another verse that worse than the other verse,
And waltz me around by my willie!

	There once was a man from Nantucket!
	Whose cock was so long he could suck it!
		He said with a grin,
		As he wiped off his chin,
	If my ear were a cunt I could fuck it!

So it's ai yi yi yi,
Your sister does squat thrusts on flag poles!
So sing me another verse that worse than the other verse,
And waltz me around by my willie!

	There once was a young man from Boston!
	Who drove around town in an Austin!
		There was room for his ass,
		And a gallon of gas,
	So he hung out his balls and he lost 'em!


Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
		-- Mark Twain


When more and more people are thrown out of work, unemployment results.
		-- Calvin Coolidge


It follows that any commander in chief who undertakes to carry out a plan
which he considers defective is at fault; he must put forth his reasons,
insist of the plan being changed, and finally tender his resignation rather
than be the instrument of his army's downfall.
		-- Napoleon, "Military Maxims and Thought"


Turn the other cheek.
		-- Jesus Christ


Destiny is a good thing to accept when it's going your way. When it isn't,
don't call it destiny; call it injustice, treachery, or simple bad luck.
		-- Joseph Heller, "God Knows"


Space tells matter how to move and matter tells space how to curve.
		-- Wheeler


Equal bytes for women.


And now for something completely the same.


If you don't count some of Jehovah's injunctions, there are no humorists
in the Bible.
		-- Mordecai Richler


I'm defending her honor, which is more than she ever did.


Why not go out on a limb?
Isn't that where the fruit is?


Nice boy, but about as sharp as a sack of wet mice.
		-- Foghorn Leghorn


It's no use crying over spilt milk -- it only makes it salty for the cat.


Be cheerful while you are alive.
		-- Phathotep, 24th Century B.C.


To err is human, but to really foul things up requires a computer.


	A horse breeder has his young colts bottle-fed after they're three
days old.  He heard that a foal and his mummy are soon parted.


Nick the Greek's Law of Life:
	All things considered, life is 9 to 5 against.


Who needs friends when you can sit alone in your room and drink?


You will always have friends
Some friends will peter out.
But I'll always be your friend,
Peter in or peter out.


	Joan, the rather well-proportioned secretary, spent almost all of
her vacation sunbathing on the roof of her hotel.  She wore a bathing suit
the first day, but on the second, she decided that no one could see her
way up there, and she slipped out of it for an overall tan.  She'd hardly
begun when she heard someone running up the stairs; she was lying on her
stomach, so she just pulled a towel over her rear.
	"Excuse me, miss," said the flustered little assistant manager of
the hotel, out of breath from running up the stairs.  "The Hilton doesn't
mind your sunbathing on the roof, but we would very much appreciate your
wearing a bathing suit as you did yesterday."
	"What difference does it make," Joan asked rather calmly.  "No one
can see me up here, and besides, I'm covered with a towel."
	"Not exactly," said the embarrassed little man.  "You're lying on
the dining room skylight."


May those that love us love us; and those that don't love us, may
God turn their hearts; and if he doesn't turn their hearts, may
he turn their ankles so we'll know them by their limping.


They watched the sun slowly sink behind the hills, and the fiery glow on the
lake fade into darkness. He eyed her shadowy figure, accentuated by the moon-
light, as the tension from within began to fuel his animalistic desires.
She followed him, ever so quietly, as they sought a secluded corner in the
barn.  Alone!  At last.  His hands roamed about her soft back, around to her
thighs, and finally caressed her budding nipples.  Oh, how smooth and succulent
she was!  "Was it so wrong?", he asked himself.  No, he thought, for his
father had done it, as did his own father, ad infinitum.  The boiling,
uncontrollable rage within him became unbearable.  She signaled her eagerness,
spreading her legs, as he grasped her nipples again.  Stroking, again and
again, longer each time.  It began coming; again, again, again, again.  His
mind raced with fear "Will it stop?".  Exhausted, he lay down beside her.
"Dear God, what have I done?".  Suddenly, his father burst in.  His eyes
burned as he stared for what seemed an eternity.  Finally, his father spoke.
	"Son, you ain't supposed to milk the damn cow till mornin'!"


The world is coming to an end...  SAVE YOUR BUFFERS!!


			DELETE A FORTUNE!

Don't some of these fortunes just drive you nuts?!  Wouldn't you like
to see some of them deleted from the system?  You can!  Just mail to
"fortune" with the fortune you hate most, and we MIGHT make sure it
gets expunged.


Just out of curiosity does this actually mean something or have some
of the few remaining bits of your brain just evaporated?
		-- Patricia O Tuama, rissa@killer.DALLAS.TX.US


Classical music is the kind we keep thinking will turn into a tune.
		-- Kin Hubbard, "Abe Martin's Sayings"


In an age when the fashion is to be in love with yourself, confessing to
be in love with somebody else is an admission of unfaithfulness to one's
beloved.
		-- Russell Baker


There was a plane crash over mid-ocean, and only three survivors were
left in the life-raft: the Pope, the President, and Mayor Daley.
Unfortunately, it was a one-man life-raft, and quickly sinking, so
they started debating who should be allowed to stay.  The Pope pointed
out that he was the spiritual leader of millions all over the world,
the President explained that if he died then America would be stuck
with the Vice-President, and so forth.  Then Mayor Daley said, "Look!
We're not solving anything like this!  The only fair thing to do is
to vote on it."  So they did, and Mayor Daley won by 97 votes.


Hear about...
	the female activist who went berserk during a demonstration and
	attacked a karate-trained cop with a deadly weapon.  She ended
	up a chopped libber?


The only real argument for marriage is that it remains the best method
for getting acquainted.
		-- Heywood Broun


Suicide is the sincerest form of self-criticism.
		-- Donald Kaul


Quigley's Law:
	Whoever has any authority over you,
	no matter how small, will attempt to use it.


Here comes the orator, with his flood of words and his drop of reason.


If you learn one useless thing every day, in a single year you'll learn
365 useless things.


If guns are outlawed, how will we shoot the liberals?


It was on the tip of my tongue to tell them about the deer, but I ended up
not doing it.  That was one thing I kept to myself.  I've never spoken or
written of it until just now, today.  And I have to tell you that it seems
a lesser thing written down, damn near inconsequential.  But for me it was
the best part of that trip, the cleanest part, and it was a moment I found
myself returning to, almost helplessly, when there was trouble in my life --
my first day in the bush in Vietnam, and this fellow walked into the clearing
where we were with his hand over his nose and when he took his hand away there
was no nose there because it had been shot off; the time the doctor told us
our youngest son might be hydrocephalic (he turned out just to have an
oversized head, thank God); the long crazy weeks before my mother died.  I
would find my thoughts turning back to that morning, the scuffed suede of
her ears, the white flash of her tail.  But eight hundred million Red Chinese
don't give a shit, right?  The most important things are the hardest to say,
because words diminish them.  It's hard to make strangers care about the
good things in your life.
		-- Stephen King, "The Body"


People that can't find something to live for always seem to find something
to die for.  The problem is, they usually want the rest of us to die for
it too.


Don't lose
Your head
To gain a minute
You need your head
Your brains are in it.
		-- Burma Shave


Lady to Golf Pro: "I was stung by bees on your golf course!"
Pro:	"Ummm, well, where?"
Lady:	"Between the 1st and 2nd holes."
Pro:	"That's going to real tough to treat."


If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.


Three Midwesterners, a Kansan, a Missourian and an Iowan,
all appearing on a quiz program, were asked to complete this sentence:
"Old MacDonald had a . . ."

	"Old MacDonald had a carburetor," answered the Kansan.
	"Sorry, that's wrong," the game show host said.
	"Old MacDonald had a free brake alignment down at the
		service station," said the Missourian.
	"Wrong."
	"Old MacDonald had a farm," said the Iowan.
	"CORRECT!" shouts the quizmaster.  "Now for $100,000, spell `farm.'"
	"Easy," said the Iowan. "E-I-E-I-O."


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #11

MONOPOLI:
	Peter Weir's classic film examining the false heroism of parlour
	games.  The powerful ending of the film sees one young man after
	another charge toward GO, only to senselessly lose his life on the
	Boardwalk property.


Pee-wee Recommends:

When Pee-wee Herman was arrested that evening in Sarasota, Florida,
the bill at the XXX South Trail Cinema featured:

	+ Nurse Nancy, starring Sandra Scream
	+ Turn Up the Heat, starring Savannah
	+ Tiger Shark, starring Raven


Five people -- an Englishman, Russian, American, Frenchman and Irishman
were each asked to write a book on elephants.  Some amount of time later they
had all completed their respective books.  The Englishman's book was entitled
"The Elephant -- How to Collect Them", the Russian's "The Elephant -- Vol. I",
the American's "The Elephant -- How to Make Money from Them", the Frenchman's
"The Elephant -- Its Mating Habits" and the Irishman's "The Elephant and
Irish Political History".


I'd walk a mile for a Camel, two for a hump.


People who have no faults are terrible;
there is no way of taking advantage of them.


A woman went into a hospital one day to give birth.  Afterwards, the doctor
came to her and said, "I have some... odd news for you."
	"Is my baby all right?" the woman anxiously asked.
	"Yes, he is," the doctor replied, "but we don't know how.  Your son
(we assume) was born with no body.  He only has a head."
	Well, the doctor was correct.  The Head was alive and well, though no
one knew how.  The Head turned out to be fairly normal, ignoring his lack of
a body, and lived for some time as typical a life as could be expected under
the circumstances.
	One day, about twenty years after the fateful birth, the woman got a
phone call from another doctor.  The doctor said, "I have recently perfected
an operation.  Your son can live a normal life now: we can graft a body onto
his head!"
	The woman, practically weeping with joy, thanked the doctor and hung
up.  She ran up the stairs saying, "Johnny, Johnny, I have a *wonderful*
surprise for you!"
	"Oh no," cried The Head, "not another HAT!"


Volley Theory:
	It is better to have lobbed and lost
	than never to have lobbed at all.


The number of licorice gumballs you get out of a gumball machine
increases in direct proportion to how much you hate licorice.


Howe's Law:
	Everyone has a scheme that will not work.


The Thought Police are here.  They've come
To put you under cardiac arrest.
And as they drag you through the door
They tell you that you've failed the test.
		-- Buggles, "Living in the Plastic Age"


What does not destroy me, makes me stronger.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


What on earth would a man do with himself
if something did not stand in his way?
		-- H. G. Wells


It's a dog-eat-dog world out there, and I'm wearing Milkbone underwear.
		-- Cheers


Stellar rays prove fibbing never pays.
Embezzlement is another matter.


This wasn't just plain terrible, this was fancy terrible.
This was terrible with raisins in it.
		-- Dorothy Parker


No wonder Clairol makes so much money selling shampoo.
Lather, Rinse, Repeat is an infinite loop!


Lunatic Asylum, n.:
	The place where optimism most flourishes.


Your friends will know you better in the first minute you
meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.
		-- Richard Bach, "Illusions"


The only way for writers to meet is to share a quick pee over a common
lamp-post.
		-- Cyril Connolly, "Journal and Memoir"


Barbara's Rules of Bitter Experience:
	(1) When you empty a drawer for his clothes
	    and a shelf for his toiletries, the relationship ends.
	(2) When you finally buy pretty stationary
	    to continue the correspondence, he stops writing.


'Twas brillig, and the slithy toves
Did gyre and gimble in the wabe.	"Beware the Jabberwock, my son!
All mimsy were the borogroves		The jaws that bite, the claws
And the mome raths outgrabe.			that catch!
					Beware the Jubjub bird,
He took his vorpal sword in hand	And shun the frumious Bandersnatch!"
Long time the manxome foe he sought.
So rested he by the tumtum tree		And as in uffish thought he stood
And stood awhile in thought.		The Jabberwock, with eyes aflame
					Came whuffling through the tulgey wood
One! Two! One! Two!  And through and	And burbled as it came!
	through
The vorpal blade went snicker-snack.	"Hast thou slain the Jabberwock?
He left it dead, and took its head,	Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
And went galumphing back.		Oh frabjous day!  Calooh!  Callay!"
					He chortled in his joy.
'Twas brillig, and the slithy toves
Did gyre and gimble in the wabe.
All mimsy were the borogroves
And the mome raths outgrabe.
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Jabberwocky"


Now there's a violent movie titled, "The Croquet Homicide,"
or "Murder With Mallets Aforethought."
		-- Shelby Friedman, WSJ


No discipline is ever requisite to force attendance upon
lectures which are really worth the attending.
		-- Adam Smith, "The Wealth of Nations"


"You are old," said the youth, "and I'm told by my peers
	That your lectures bore people to death.
Yet you talk at one hundred conventions per year --
	Don't you think that you should save your breath?"

"I have answered three questions and that is enough,"
	Said his father, "Don't give yourself airs!
Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?
	Be off, or I'll kick you downstairs!"


Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy.
		-- Charlie McCarthy


Give your very best today.
Heaven knows it's little enough.


The older a man gets, the farther he had to walk to school as a boy.


			It's grad exam time...
COMPUTER SCIENCE
	Inside your desk you'll find a listing of the DEC/VMS operating
system in IBM 1710 machine code. Show what changes are necessary to convert
this code into a UNIX Berkeley 7 operating system.  Prove that these fixes are
bug free and run correctly. You should gain at least 150% efficiency in the
new system.  (You should take no more than 10 minutes on this question.)

MATHEMATICS
	If X equals PI times R^2, construct a formula showing how long
it would take a fire ant to drill a hole through a dill pickle, if the
length-girth ratio of the ant to the pickle were 98.17:1.

GENERAL KNOWLEDGE
Describe the Universe.  Give three examples.


Having children is like having a bowling alley installed in your brain.
		-- Martin Mull


Men never make passes at girls wearing glasses.
		-- Dorothy Parker


		      THE STORY OF CREATION
				or
			 THE MYTH OF URK

In the beginning there was data.  The data was without form and null,
and darkness was upon the face of the console; and the Spirit of IBM
was moving over the face of the market.  And DEC said, "Let there be
registers"; and there were registers.  And DEC saw that they carried;
and DEC separated the data from the instructions.  DEC called the data
Stack, and the instructions they called Code.  And there was evening
and there was morning, one interrupt ...
		-- Rico Tudor


Westheimer's Discovery:
	A couple of months in the laboratory can
	frequently save a couple of hours in the library.


Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.


It's like deja vu all over again.
		-- Yogi Berra


What is important is food, money and opportunities for scoring off one's
enemies.  Give a man these three things and you won't hear much squawking
out of him.
		-- Brian O'Nolan, "The Best of Myles"


Under capitalism, man exploits man.  Under Communism, it's just the
opposite.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


Fortune presents:
	USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #3.

Kie estas la plej proksima masa^gejo?	Where's the nearest massage parlor?
Vi dolorigas min.			You're hurting me.
Mi deziras viziti usonan kuraciston.	I want to see an American doctor.
Mi deziras a^ceti kontraugraveda^jojn.	I would like to buy some
						contraceptives.
^Cu tiu estis ankau bona por ci?	Was it good for you too?


Christ died for our sins.  Dare we make his martyrdom meaningless by not
committing them?
		-- Jules Feiffer


You have a tendency to feel you are superior to most computers.


Of all men's miseries, the bitterest is this:
to know so much and have control over nothing.
		-- Herodotus


Of course it's possible to love a human being
if you don't know them too well.
		-- Charles Bukowski


Q:	How many IBM CPUs does it take to do a logical right shift?
A:	33.  1 to hold the bits and 32 to push the register.


Meteorologist, n.:
	A man who can look in a woman's eyes and predict whether.


It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
		-- Walt Disney


GRASSHOPPOTAMUS:
	A creature that can leap to tremendous heights... once.


Dame Catherine of Ashton-on-Lynches
Got on with her grooms and her wenches:
	She went down on the gents,
	And pronged the girl's vents
With a clitoris reaching six inches.


Q:	Heard about the <ethnic> who couldn't spell?
A:	He spent the night in a warehouse.


God votes Republican.


Never drink Coca-Cola in a moving elevator.  The elevator's motion coupled
with the chemicals in Coke produce hallucinations. People tend to change
into lizards and attack without warning, and large bats usually fly in the
window.  (Additionally, you begin to believe that elevators have windows.)


Democracy is a government where you can say what you think even if you
don't think.


Peace, n.:
	In international affairs, a period of cheating between two
	periods of fighting.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


"Violence accomplishes nothing."  What a contemptible lie!  Raw, naked
violence has settled more issues throughout history than any other method
ever employed.  Perhaps the city fathers of Carthage could debate the
issue, with Hitler and Alexander as judges?


The kings of Peru were the Incas,
Who were known far and wide as great drincas.
	They worshiped the sun
	And had lots of fun,
But the peasants all thought they were stincas.


I'm sorry I missed.
		-- Squeaky Fromme


Krogt, n. (chemical symbol: Kr):
	The metallic silver coating found on fast-food game cards.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


'Twas bullig, and the slithy brokers
Did buy and gamble in the craze		"Beware the Jabberstock, my son!
All rosy were the Dow Jones stokers	The cost that bites, the worth
By market's wrath unphased.			that falls!
					Beware the Econ'mist's word, and shun
He took his forecast sword in hand:	The spurious Street o' Walls!"
Long time the Boesk'some foe he sought -
Sake's liquidity, so d'vested he,	And as in bearish thought he stood
And stood awhile in thought.		The Jabberstock, with clothes of tweed,
					Came waffling with the truth too good,
Chip Black! Chip Blue! And through	And yuppied great with greed!
	and through
The forecast blade went snicker-snack!	"And hast thou slain the Jabberstock?
It bit the dirt, and with its shirt,	Come to my firm, V.P.ish boy!
He went rebounding back.		O big bucks day! Moolah! Good Play!"
					He bought him a Mercedes Toy.
'Twas panic, and the slithy brokers
Did gyre and tumble in the Crash
All flimsy were the Dow Jones stokers
And mammon's wrath them bash!
		-- Peter Stucki, "Jabberstocky"


He:	Am I... am I your first?
She:	Well, honey, I could have sworn your face looked familiar...


No matter how clever the hardware boys
are, the software boys piss it away.


If one inquires why the American tradition is so strong against any connection
of State and Church, why it dreads even the rudiments of religious teaching
in state-maintained schools, the immediate and superficial answer is not
far to seek. ...  The cause lay largely in the diversity and vitality of the
various denominations, each fairly sure that, with a fair field and no favor,
it could make its own way; and each animated by a jealous fear that, if any
connection of State and Church were permitted, some rival denomination would
get an unfair advantage.
		-- John Dewey, "Democracy in the Schools", 1908


You know your apartment is small...
	when you can't know its position and velocity at the same time.
	you put your key in the lock and it breaks the window.
	you have to go outside to change your mind.
	you can vacuum the entire place using a single electrical outlet.


A mighty creature is the germ,
Though smaller than the pachyderm.
His customary dwelling place
Is deep within the human race.
His childish pride he often pleases
By giving people strange diseases.
Do you, my poppet, feel infirm?
You probably contain a germ.
		-- Ogden Nash


Real Users hate Real Programmers.


Got a complaint about the Internal Revenue Service?
Call the convenient toll-free "IRS Taxpayer Complaint Hot Line Number":

	1-800-AUDITME


GENIUS:
	Person clever enough to be born in the right place at the right
	time of the right sex and to follow up this advantage by saying
	all the right things to all the right people.


Cable is not a luxury, since many areas have poor TV reception.
		-- The Mayor of Tucson, Arizona, 1989


Those who can make you believe absurdities, can make you commit atrocities.
		-- Voltaire


QOTD:
	"The baby was so ugly they had to hang a pork chop around its
	neck to get the dog to play with it."


MARTA WAS WATCHING THE FOOTBALL GAME with me when she said, "You know most
of these sports are based on the idea of one group protecting its
territory from invasion by another group."

"Yeah," I said, trying not to laugh.  Girls are funny.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


All theoretical chemistry is really physics;
and all theoretical chemists know it.
		-- Richard P. Feynman


===  ALL CSH USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

Set the variable $LOSERS to all the people that you think are losers.  This
will cause all said losers to have the variable $PEOPLE-WHO-THINK-I-AM-A-LOSER
updated in their .login file.  Should you attempt to execute a job on a
machine with poor response time and a machine on your local net is currently
populated by losers, that machine will be freed up for your job through a
cold boot process.


The Golden Rule of Arts and Sciences:
	He who has the gold makes the rules.


I believe in getting into hot water; it keeps you clean.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


Green's Law of Debate:
Anything is possible if you don't know what you're talking about.


This dungeon is owned and operated by Frobazz Magic Co., Ltd.


Once at a social gathering, Gladstone said to Disraeli, "I predict,
Sir, that you will die either by hanging or of some vile disease".
Disraeli replied, "That all depends upon whether I embrace your
principals or your mistress."


No one has a higher opinion of him than he has.
		-- Greg Lehey, FreeBSDcon 1999


You are farsighted, a good planner,
an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.


The philosopher's treatment of a question
is like the treatment of an illness.
		-- Wittgenstein


Ideas don't stay in some minds very long because they don't like
solitary confinement.


If little green men land in your back yard, hide any little green women
you've got in the house.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


The probability of someone watching you is directly
proportional to the stupidity of your action.


Farmers in the Iowa State survey rated machinery breakdowns more
stressful than divorce.
		-- Wall Street Journal


The marvels of today's modern technology include the development of a
soda can, which, when discarded will last forever -- and a $7,000 car
which, when properly cared for, will rust out in two or three years.


Kin, n.:
	An affliction of the blood.


Yesterday is a memory,
	Tomorrow is a vision,
		Today is a bitch!


Si jeunesse savait, si vieillesse pouvait.
[If youth but knew, if old age but could.]
		-- Henri Estienne


QOTD:
	"Let go of my ears, I know what I'm doing!"


What do you give a man who has everything?  Penicillin.
		-- Jerry Lester


It so happens that everything that is stupid is not unconstitutional.
		-- Supreme Court Justice Antonio Scalia


	"For I perceive that behind this seemingly unrelated sequence
of events, there lurks a singular, sinister attitude of mind."

	"Whose?"

	"MINE! HA-HA!"


The coast was clear.
		-- Lope de Vega


Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want, and
deserve to get it good and hard.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Little Book in C major", 1916


And having stretched me out upon his bed with my head a little to one side,
he sat down next to me and raised my head upon his lap.  He peered avidly at
me, his eyes seemed ready to devour the secretion oozing from my nose.  "Oh,
the pretty little snotface," said he, beginning to pant, "How I'm going to
suck her."  Therewith bending down over me, and taking my nose in his mouth,
not only did he devour all the mucus between my nose and mouth, but he even
lewdly darted the tip of his tongue into each of my nostrils, one after the
other, and with such cleverness he provoked two or three sneezes which
redoubled the flow he desired and was consuming so hungrily.  But ask me for
no details bearing upon this fellow, Messieurs, nothing appeared, and whether
because he did nothing, or because he did it all in his drawers, there was
nothing to be seen, and amidst the multitude of his kisses and lecherous
lickings there was nothing outstanding which might have denoted an ecstasy,
and consequently it is my opinion that he did not discharge.  All my clothes
were in place, even his hands stayed still, and I give you my word that this
old libertine's fantasy might be performed upon the world's most respectable
and least initiated girl without her being able to suppose there was anything
lewd in it at all.
		-- Marquis de Sade


After his legs had been broken in an accident, Mr. Miller sued for damages,
claiming that he was crippled and would have to spend the rest of his life
in a wheelchair.  Although the insurance-company doctor testified that his
bones had healed properly and that he was fully capable of walking, the
judge decided for the plaintiff and awarded him $500,000.
	When he was wheeled into the insurance office to collect his check,
Miller was confronted by several executives.  "You're not getting away with
this, Miller," one said.  "We're going to watch you day and night.  If you
take a single step, you'll not only repay the damages but stand trial for
perjury.  Here's the money.  What do you intend to do with it?"
	"My wife and I are going to travel," Miller replied.  "We'll go to
Stockholm, Berlin, Rome, Athens and, finally, to a place called Lourdes --
where, gentlemen, you'll see yourselves one hell of a miracle."


To hell with the Prime Directive;
Let's _K_I_L_L something!


