When people say nothing, they don't necessarily mean nothing.


Higgledy Piggledy		Coeducational
Yale University			Extracurricular
Gave up misogyny		Heterosexual
Opened its door.		Fun is in store.


Only fools are quoted.
		-- Anonymous


This fortune is inoperative.  Please try another.


As in certain cults it is possible to
kill a process if you know its true name.
		-- Ken Thompson and Dennis M. Ritchie


brain-damaged, generalization of "Honeywell Brain Damage" (HBD), a
theoretical disease invented to explain certain utter cretinisms in
Multics, adj.:
	Obviously wrong; cretinous; demented.  There is an implication
	that the person responsible must have suffered brain damage,
	because he/she should have known better.  Calling something
	brain-damaged is bad; it also implies it is unusable.


They spell it "da Vinci" and pronounce it "da Vinchy".  Foreigners
always spell better than they pronounce.
		-- Mark Twain


There are three things men can do with women:
love them, suffer for them, or turn them into literature.
		-- Stephen Stills


You will be singled out for promotion in your work.


Around the turn of this century, a composer named Camille Saint-Saens wrote
a satirical zoological-fantasy called "Le Carnaval des Animaux."  Aside from
one movement of this piece, "The Swan", Saint-Saens didn't allow this work
to be published or even performed until a year had elapsed after his death.
(He died in 1921.)
	Most of us know the "Swan" movement rather well, with its smooth,
flowing cello melody against a calm background; but I've been having this
fantasy...
	What if he had written this piece with lyrics, as a song to be sung?
And, further, what if he had accompanied this song with a musical saw?  (This
instrument really does exist, often played by percussionists!)  Then the
piece would be better known as:
	SAINT-SAENS' SAW SONG "SWAN"!


If you can't say anything good about someone, sit right here by me.
		-- Alice Roosevelt Longworth


	It is always preferable to visit home with a friend.  Your parents will
not be pleased with this plan, because they want you all to themselves and
because in the presence of your friend, they will have to act like mature
human beings.
	The worst kind of friend to take home is a girl, because in that case,
there is the potential that your parents will lose you not just for the
duration of the visit but forever.  The worst kind of girl to take home is one
of a different religion:  Not only will you be lost to your parents forever but
you will be lost to a woman who is immune to their religious/moral arguments
and whose example will irretrievably corrupt you.
	Let's say you've fallen in love with just such a girl and would like
to take her home for the holidays.  You are aware of your parents' xenophobic
response to anyone of a different religion.  How to prepare them for the shock?
	Simple.  Call them up shortly before your visit and tell them that you
have gotten quite serious about somebody who is of a different religion, a
different race and the same sex.  Tell them you have already invited this
person to meet them.  Give the information a moment to sink in and then
remark that you were only kidding, that your lover is merely of a different
religion.  They will be so relieved they will welcome her with open arms.
		-- Playboy, January, 1983


... one of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that,
lacking zero, they had no way to indicate successful termination of
their C programs.
		-- Robert Firth


May's Law:
	The quality of correlation is inversely proportional to the density
	of control.  (The fewer the data points, the smoother the curves.)


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(34) The fact that there will always be poor people is not the fault of
     the rich.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


The heroic hours of life do not announce their presence by drum and trumpet,
challenging us to be true to ourselves by appeals to the martial spirit that
keeps the blood at heat.  Some little, unassuming, unobtrusive choice presents
itself before us slyly and craftily, glib and insinuating, in the modest garb
of innocence.  To yield to its blandishments is so easy.  The wrong, it seems,
is venial...  Then it is that you will be summoned to show the courage of
adventurous youth.
		-- Benjamin Cardozo


Q:	What do you have if you have a moth ball in one hand and a
	moth ball in the other hand?
A:	One hell of a big moth!


Cogito cogito ergo cogito sum --
"I think that I think, therefore I think that I am."
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


If you've done six impossible things before breakfast, why not round it
off with dinner at Milliway's, the restaurant at the end of the universe.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the End of the Universe"


I want the same things all men do, Rice Krispies and some sucking.
		-- Dudley Moore


It is impossible to defend perfectly
against the attack of those who want to die.


I am looking for a honest man.
		-- Diogenes the Cynic


HEY KIDS!  ANN LANDERS SAYS:
	A great way to prevent the tragedy of unwanted pregnancy is to
become a homosexual.  Every year, millions of young men and women, just
like you, are making the clean change to worry-free homosexuality.
They're having more sex than ever, and more fun than ever.  Send 50 cents
today for my leaflet "Gay sexual techniques".  Be sure to specify the
male or female edition.


If you didn't have to work so hard,
you'd have more time to be depressed.


Fellow programmer, greetings!  You are reading a letter which will bring
you luck and good fortune.  Just mail (or UUCP) ten copies of this letter
to ten of your friends.  Before you make the copies, send a chip or
other bit of hardware, and 100 lines of "C" code to the first person on the
list given at the bottom of this letter.  Then delete their name and add
yours to the bottom of the list.

Don't break the chain!  Make the copy within 48 hours.  Gerald R. of San
Diego failed to send out his ten copies and woke the next morning to find
his job description changed to "COBOL programmer."  Fred A. of New York sent
out his ten copies and within a month had enough hardware and software to
build a Cray dedicated to playing Zork.  Martha H. of Chicago laughed at
this letter and broke the chain.  Shortly thereafter, a fire broke out in
her terminal and she now spends her days writing documentation for IBM PC's.

Don't break the chain!  Send out your ten copies today!


Oh no my dear, I'm a very good man.  I'm just a very bad wizard.
		-- Frank Morgan as The Wizard, "The Wizard of Oz"


f u cn rd ths, itn tyg h myxbl cd.


Usage: fortune -P [] -a [xsz] [Q: [file]] [rKe9] -v6[+] dataspec ... inputdir


Persistence in one opinion has never been considered
a merit in political leaders.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero, "Ad familiares", 1st century BC


Sum quod eris.


I may not be totally perfect, but parts of me are excellent.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


Fifty flippant frogs
Walked by on flippered feet
And with their slime they made the time
Unnaturally fleet.


Yeah, that's me, Tracer Bullet.  I've got eight slugs in me.  One's lead,
the rest bourbon.  The drink packs a wallop, and I pack a revolver.  I'm
a private eye.
		-- Calvin


Hear about...
	the Californian terrorist that tried to blow up a bus?
	Burned his lips on the exhaust pipe.


QOTD:
	"Sacred cows make great hamburgers."


The philosopher's treatment of a question
is like the treatment of an illness.
		-- Wittgenstein


How can you prove whether at this moment we are sleeping, and all our
thoughts are a dream; or whether we are awake, and talking to one another
in the waking state?
		-- Plato


God is omnipotent, omniscient, and omnibenevolent -- it says so right here
on the label.  If you have a mind capable of believing all three of these
divine attributes simultaneously, I have a wonderful bargain for you.  No
checks, please.  Cash and in small bills.
		-- Lazarus Long


Sears has everything.


Nobody ever ruined their eyesight by looking at the bright side of something.


Down by the old model T,
Where she first showed it to me.
	It was furry and black,
	And she called it a crack,
But it looked like a manhole to me.


Indomitable in retreat; invincible in
advance; insufferable in victory.
		-- Winston Churchill, on General Montgomery


Hear about...
	the frustrated musician who worked all week on an arrangement and
	then his wife didn't leave town?


I took a course in speed reading, learning to read straight down the middle
of the page, and I was able to go through "War and Peace" in twenty minutes.
It's about Russia.
		-- Woody Allen


Corrupt, adj.:
	In politics, holding an office of trust or profit.


When my fist clenches crack it open,
Before I use it and lose my cool.
When I smile tell me some bad news,
Before I laugh and act like a fool.

And if I swallow anything evil,
Put you finger down my throat.
And if I shiver please give me a blanket,
Keep me warm let me wear your coat

No one knows what it's like to be the bad man,
	to be the sad man.
Behind blue eyes.
No one knows what its like to be hated,
	to be fated,
To telling only lies.
		-- The Who, "Behind Blue Eyes"


My ritual differs slightly.  What I do, first thing [in the morning], is I
hop into the shower stall.  Then I hop right back out, because when I hopped
in I landed barefoot right on top of See Threepio, a little plastic robot
character from "Star Wars" whom my son, Robert, likes to pull the legs off
of while he showers.  Then I hop right back into the stall because our dog,
Earnest, who has been alone in the basement all night building up powerful
dog emotions, has come bounding and quivering into the bathroom and wants
to greet me with 60 or 70 thousand playful nips, any one of which -- bear
in mind that I am naked and, without my contact lenses, essentially blind
-- could result in the kind of injury where you have to learn a whole new
part if you want to sing the "Messiah," if you get my drift.  Then I hop
right back out, because Robert, with that uncanny sixth sense some children
have -- you cannot teach it; they either have it or they don't -- has chosen
exactly that moment to flush one of the toilets.  Perhaps several of them.
		-- Dave Barry


In regards to Oral Roberts' claim that God told him that he would die unless
he received $20 million by March, God's lawyers have stated that their client
has not spoken with Roberts for several years.  Off the record, God has stated
that "If I had wanted to ice the little toad, I would have done it a long time
ago."
		-- Dennis Miller, SNL News


While he was in New York on location for _Bronco Billy_ (1980), Clint
Eastwood agreed to a television interview.  His host, somewhat hostile,
began by defining a Clint Eastwood picture as a violent, ruthless,
lawless, and bloody piece of mayhem, and then asked Eastwood himself to
define a Clint Eastwood picture.  "To me," said Eastwood calmly, "what
a Clint Eastwood picture is, is one that I'm in."
		-- Boller and Davis, "Hollywood Anecdotes"


And do you not think that each of you women is an Eve?  The judgment of God
upon your sex endures today; and with it invariably endures your position of
criminal at the bar of justice.
		-- Tertullian, second-century Christian writer


Stenderup's Law:
	The sooner you fall behind, the more time you will have to catch up.


If we suffer tamely a lawless attack upon our liberty,
we encourage it, and involve others in our doom.
		-- Samuel Adams


The pleasure is transitory, the cost
prohibitive, and the position ridiculous.
		-- Disraeli, on sex


The common cormorant, or shag, lays eggs inside a paper bag.


Your best consolation is the hope that the things
you failed to get weren't really worth having.


Elbonics, v.:
	The actions of two people maneuvering for one
	armrest in a movie theatre.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


An idea is an eye given by God for the seeing of God.  Some of these
eyes we cannot bear to look out of, we blind them as quickly as
possible.
		-- Russell Hoban, "Pilgermann"


World tensions have, if anything, increased in the quarter century
since H. G. Wells uttered his glum warning:  "There is no more evil
thing on earth than race prejudice, none at all.  I write deliberately
-- it is the worst single thing in life now.  It justifies and holds
together more baseness, cruelty and abomination than any other sort of
error in the world."
		-- Sydney Harris


Life to you is a bold and dashing responsibility.
		-- a Mary Chung's fortune cookie


The six great gifts of an Irish girl are beauty, soft
voice, sweet speech, wisdom, needlework, and chastity.
		-- Theodore Roosevelt, 1907


Klein bottle for sale -- inquire within.


The only one of your children who does not grow up and move away
is your husband.


You are a bundle of energy, always on the go.


Newlan's Truism:
	An "acceptable" level of unemployment means that the
	government economist to whom it is acceptable still has a job.


People seem to think that the blanket phrase, "I only work here,"
absolves them utterly from any moral obligation in terms of the
public -- but this was precisely Eichmann's excuse for his job in
the concentration camps.


One is often kept in the right road by a rut.
		-- Gustave Droz


Worst Response To A Crisis, 1985:
	From a readers' Q and A column in TV GUIDE: "If we get involved
	in a nuclear war, would the electromagnetic pulses from
	exploding bombs damage my videotapes?"


The struggling for knowledge has a pleasure in it
like that of wrestling with a fine woman.
		-- Lord Halifax


No, I don't have a drinking problem.
I drink, I get drunk, I fall down.  No problem!


Naked couple in bed, woman says to man:
	"When I said I had a foot fetish, I was referring to cocks."


An evil mind is a great comfort.


Fuck art; let's dance!


-- All articles that coruscate with resplendence are not truly auriferous.
-- When there are visible vapors having the prevenience in ignited
	carbonaceous materials, there is conflagration.
-- Sorting on the part of mendicants must be interdicted.
-- A plethora of individuals wither expertise in culinary techniques vitiated
	the potable concoction produced by steeping certain coupestibles.
-- Eleemosynary deeds have their initial incidence intramurally.


Grownups are reluctant to take science fiction seriously, and with good
reason: sci-fi is a hormonal activity, not a literary one.  Its traditional
concerns are all pubescent.  Secondary sexual characteristics are everywhere,
disguised.  Aliens have tentacles.  Telepathy allows you to have sex without
any nasty inconvenience of touching.  Womblike spaceships provide balanced
meals.  No one ever has to grow old -- body parts are replaceable, like
Job's daughters, and if you're lucky you can become a robot.  As for the
adult world, it's simply not there; political systems tend to be naively
authoritarian (there are more lords in science fiction than on public
television) and are often ruled by young boys on quests.  The most popular
sci-fi book in years, Frank Herbert's Dune, sold millions of copies by
combining all these themes: it ends with its adolescent hero conquering the
universe while straddling a giant worm.
		-- Arnold Klein


Schmidt's Observation:
	All things being equal, a fat person uses more soap
	than a thin person.


It's Like This

Even the samurai
have teddy bears,
and even the teddy bears
get drunk.


Work smarter, not harder, and be careful of your speling.


She's so tough she won't take 'yes' for an answer.


Never test for an error condition you don't know how to handle.
		-- Steinbach


A guilty conscience is the mother of invention.
		-- Carolyn Wells


Money is a powerful aphrodisiac.  But flowers work almost as well.
		-- Lazarus Long


Oregano, n.:
	The ancient Italian art of pizza folding.


There is Good Information and there is Bad Information and the
Internet is generally pretty neutral about the difference. If you're
a computer, it's all just 0s and 1s.
		-- Joel Achenbach


It was a fine, sweet night, the nicest since my divorce, maybe the nicest
since the middle of my marriage.  There was energy, softness, grace and
laughter.  I even took my socks off.  In my circle, that means class.
		-- Andrew Bergman "The Big Kiss-off of 1944"


If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.
		-- Albert Einstein


Poverty begins at home.


QOTD:
	"Are you into casual sex, or should I dress up?"


Secretary's Revenge:
	Filing almost everything under "the".


Anyone can make an omelet with eggs.  The trick is to make one with
none.


What I do, first thing [in the morning], is I hop into the shower
stall.  Then I hop right back out, because when I hopped in I landed
barefoot right on top of See Threepio, a little plastic robot character
from "Star Wars" whom my son, Robert, likes to pull the legs off of
while he showers.  Then I hop right back into the stall because our
dog, Earnest, who has been alone in the basement all night building up
powerful dog emotions, has come bounding and quivering into the
bathroom and wants to greet me with 60 or 70 thousand playful nips, any
one of which -- bear in mind that I am naked and, without my contact
lenses, essentially blind -- could result in the kind of injury where
you have to learn a whole new part if you want to sing the "Messiah",
if you get my drift.  Then I hop right back out, because Robert, with
that uncanny sixth sense some children have -- you cannot teach it;
they either have it or they don't -- has chosen exactly that moment to
flush one of the toilets.  Perhaps several of them.
		-- Dave Barry, "Saving Face"


Winning isn't everything, but losing really sucks.


The speed of anything depends on the flow of everything.


Faith is under the left nipple.
		-- Martin Luther


