Freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose.
		-- Kris Kristofferson, "Me and Bobby McGee"


QOTD:
	"My ambition is to marry a rich woman who's too proud to let
	her husband work."


The number of licorice gumballs you get out of a gumball machine
increases in direct proportion to how much you hate licorice.


You should emulate your heros, but don't carry it too far.  Especially
if they are dead.


In fiction the recourse of the powerless is murder;
in life the recourse of the powerless is petty theft.


Tomorrow's computers some time next month.
		-- DEC


You don't have to think too hard when you talk to teachers.
		-- J. D. Salinger


If I had my life to live over, I'd try to make more mistakes next time.  I
would relax, I would limber up, I would be sillier than I have been this
trip.  I know of very few things I would take seriously.  I would be crazier.
I would climb more mountains, swim more rivers and watch more sunsets.  I'd
travel and see.  I would have more actual troubles and fewer imaginary ones.
You see, I am one of those people who lives prophylactically and sensibly
and sanely, hour after hour, day after day.  Oh, I have had my moments and,
if I had it to do over again, I'd have more of them.  In fact, I'd try to
have nothing else.  Just moments, one after another, instead of living so many
years ahead each day.  I have been one of those people who never go anywhere
without a thermometer, a hot water bottle, a gargle, a raincoat and a parachute.
If I had it to do over again, I would go places and do things and travel
lighter than I have.  If I had my life to live over, I would start bare-footed
earlier in the spring and stay that way later in the fall.  I would play hooky
more.  I probably wouldn't make such good grades, but I'd learn more.  I would
ride on more merry-go-rounds.  I'd pick more daisies.


There goes the good time that was had by all.
		-- Bette Davis, remarking on a passing starlet


A castaway was washed ashore after many days on the open sea.  The island
on which he landed was populated by savage cannibals who tied him, dazed
and exhausted, to a thick stake.  They then proceeded to cut his arms
with their spears and drink his blood.  This continued for several days
until the castaway could stand no more.  He yelled for the cannibal chief
and declared, "You can kill me if you want to, but this torture with the
spears has got to stop.  Dammit, I'm tired of getting stuck for the drinks."


