Buzzword, n.:
	The fly in the ointment of computer literacy.


She's fine, upstanding, and wonderful laying down.


You will outgrow your usefulness.


Q:	Why does Helen Keller masturbate with one hand?
A:	So she can moan with the other!


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Woman:

 1. A beer won't make you go to church.
 2. A beer is more likely to know how to spell "carburetor" than a woman.
 3. A beer doesn't think baseball is stupid simply because the guys spit.
 4. A beer doesn't give a [expletive deleted] if you keep a bunch of
	other beers on the side.
 5. A beer will not call you a sexist pig if you say "Doberman" instead of
	"Doberperson."
 6. A beer won't get a job as a DJ and play 5 straight hours of lesbian
	folk music on yer fave radio station.
 7. A beer understands why The Three Stooges are funny.
 8. A beer won't raise a fuss about a little thing like leaving the
	toilet seat up.
 9. A beer doesn't think that a "three-hundred-fifty cubic-inch V8" is an
	enormous can of vegetable juice.
10. A beer won't smoke in your car.


It is only with the heart one can see clearly;
what is essential is invisible to the eye.
		-- The Fox, "The Little Prince"


With every passing hour our solar system comes forty-three thousand
miles closer to globular cluster M13 in the constellation Hercules,
and still there are some misfits who continue to insist that there
is no such thing as progress.
		-- Ransom K. Ferm


I knew her before she was a virgin.
		-- Oscar Levant, on Doris Day


The two couples were enjoying their vacation together at a resort hotel.  They
were in the middle of a game of Scrabble in the lobby when a thunderstorm cut
off the hotel's electricity, leaving little to do but retire to their rooms.
Bill was a rather devout man, so before getting into bed with his companion,
he said his prayers.  As he got under the covers, the lightning suddenly
flashed through the window and he discovered that he was in the wrong room.
He instantly jumped up and started to dash for the hallway.  "It's too late,
called the girl from the bed, "my guy doesn't pray."


Folks, what can I tell you about my next guest.  This cat allowed himself
to be adored, but not loved. And his success in show business was matched
by failure in his personal relationship bag, now that's where he really
bombed.  And he came to believe that work, show business, love, his whole
life, even himself and all that jazz was bullshit.  He became numero uno
gameplayer.  Uh, to the point where he didn't know where the games ended
and the reality began.  Like to this cat, the only reality... is death, man.
Ladies and gentlemen, let me lay on you, a so-so entertainer, not much of
a humanitarian, and this cat was never nobody's friend.  In his final
appearance on the great stage of life, uh, you can applaud if you want to,
Mr. Joe Gideon!!
		-- All That Jazz


	...He who laughs does not believe in what he laughs at, but neither
does he hate it.  Therefore, laughing at evil means not preparing oneself to
combat it, and laughing at good means denying the power through which good is
self-propagating.
		-- Umberto Eco, "The Name of the Rose"


If you're going to do something tonight
that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late.
		-- Henny Youngman


A great empire, like a great cake, is most easily diminished at the edges.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Egotism is the anesthetic given by a kindly nature
to relieve the pain of being a damned fool.
		-- Bellamy Brooks


When asked the definition of "pi":
The Mathematician:
	Pi is the number expressing the relationship between the
	circumference of a circle and its diameter.
The Physicist:
	Pi is 3.1415927, plus or minus 0.000000005.
The Engineer:
	Pi is about 3.


This is the first age that's paid much attention to the future,
which is a little ironic since we may not have one.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke


You'll never see all the places, or read all the
books, but fortunately, they're not all recommended.


Hear about...
	the absent minded sculptor who put his model to bed and
	started chiseling on his wife?


And miles to go before I sleep.


FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #23

	Don't cut off a police car when making an illegal U-turn.


It is not for me to attempt to fathom the
inscrutable workings of Providence.
		-- The Earl of Birkenhead


Sadoequinecrophilia, n.:
	Beating a dead horse.


If man is only a little lower than the angels, the angels should reform.
		-- Mary Wilson Little


Rogue players do it with all sorts of different animals.


Drinking when we are not thirsty and making love at all seasons, madam:
that is all there is to distinguish us from the other animals.
		-- Pierre de Beaumarchais, "Le Marriage de Figaro"


A bore is someone who persists in holding his
own views after we have enlightened him with ours.


Ever get the feeling that the world's
on tape and one of the reels is missing?
		-- Rich Little


Most people will listen to your unreasonable demands,
if you'll consider their unacceptable offer.


Dig it, first they killed those pigs, then they ate dinner in the same
room with them, then they even shoved a fork in a victim's stomach.  Wild!
		-- Bernadine Dohrn, on the Manson killings


UFO's are for real: the Air Force doesn't exist.


	A pushy romeo asked a gorgeous elevator operator, "Don't all
these stops and starts get you pretty worn out?"
	"It isn't the stops and starts that get on my nerves, it's the
jerks."


To teach is to learn twice.
		-- Joseph Joubert


Extreme fear can neither fight nor fly.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Rape of Lucrece"


More people have died in Ted Kennedy's car than in nuclear power plants.


The little girl expects no declaration of tenderness from her doll.
She loves it -- and that's all.  It is thus that we should love.
		-- DeGourmont


If you work for a man, in heaven's name, work for him.
If he pays you wages which supply you bread and butter, work for him; speak
	well of him; stand by him, and by the institution he represents.
If put to a pinch, an ounce of loyalty is worth a pound of cleverness.
If you must vilify, condemn and eternally find disparage -- resign your
	position, and when you are outside, damn to your heart's content...
	but, as long as you are part of the institution do not condemn it.
If you do that, you are loosening the tendrils that are holding you to the
	institution, and at the first high wind that comes along, you will
	be uprooted and blown away, and probably will never know the reason
	why.


Washington, D.C: Fifty square miles almost completely surrounded by reality.


When women love us, they forgive us everything, even our crimes;
when they do not love us, they give us credit for nothing, not
even our virtues.
		-- Honore de Balzac


What this country needs is a good five cent nickel.


[We] use bad software and bad machines for the wrong things.
		-- R. W. Hamming


The search for the perfect martini is a fraud.  The perfect martini is
a belt of gin from the bottle; anything else is the decadent trappings
of civilization.
		-- T. K.


Multics is security spelled sideways.


A beautiful man is paradise for the eyes, hell for the soul, and
purgatory for the purse.


When one wants to get rid of an unsupportable pressure, one needs hashish.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


The Anarchists' [national] anthem is an international anthem that consists
of 365 raspberries blown in very quick succession to the tune of "Camptown
Races".  Nobody has to stand up for it, nobody has to listen to it, and,
even better, nobody has to play it.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


1st graffitiest: QUESTION AUTHORITY!

2nd graffitiest: Why?


I'm successful because I'm lucky.
The harder I work, the luckier I get.


People will swim through shit if you put a few bob in it.
		-- Peter Sellers


Pity the meek, for they shall inherit the earth.
		-- Don Marquis


A Parable of Modern Research:

	Bob has lost his keys in a room which is dark except for one
brightly lit corner.
	"Why are you looking under the light, you lost them in the dark!"
	"I can only see here."


Look, we play the Star Spangled Banner before every game.  You want us
to pay income taxes, too?
		-- Bill Veeck, Chicago White Sox


Pickle's Law:
	If Congress must do a painful thing,
	the thing must be done in an odd-number year.


The most romantic thing any woman ever said to me in bed was
"Are you sure you're not a cop?"
		-- Larry Brown


Conservative, n.:
	A statesman who is enamored of existing evils, as distinguished
	from the Liberal who wishes to replace them with others.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The major difference between bonds and bond traders is that the
bonds will eventually mature.


Science is to computer science as hydrodynamics is to plumbing.


Criticism comes easier than craftsmanship.
		-- Zeuxis


Telling the truth to people who misunderstand you is generally
promoting a falsehood, isn't it?
		-- A. Hope


Once upon a time, there was a non-conforming sparrow who decided not to
fly south for the winter.  However, soon after the weather turned cold,
the sparrow changed his mind and reluctantly started to fly south.
After a short time, ice began to form his on his wings and he fell to
earth in a barnyard almost frozen.  A cow passed by and crapped on this
little bird and the sparrow thought it was the end, but the manure
warmed him and defrosted his wings.  Warm and happy the little sparrow
began to sing.  Just then, a large Tom cat came by and hearing the
chirping investigated the sounds.  As Old Tom cleared away the manure,
he found the chirping bird and promptly ate him.

There are three morals to this story:

(1) Everyone who shits on you is not necessarily your enemy.
(2) Everyone who gets you out of shit is not necessarily your friend.
(3) If you are warm and happy in a pile of shit, keep your mouth shut.


Mitchell's Law of Committees:
	Any simple problem can be made insoluble
	if enough meetings are held to discuss it.


Money cannot buy love, nor even friendship.


Are Women Human?
In the year 584, in Lyon, France, 43 Catholic bishops and 20 men
representing other bishops, after a lengthy debate, took a vote.
The results were 32 yes, 31 no.  Women were declared human by one
vote.


QOTD:
	"Whhoooooooeeeeeeeeeee, Elmer!  Take a look at that purty young lady
	over thar!  Why, I'd walk a mile barefoot over barbed wire and broken
	glass just to drive the truck that takes her panties to the cleaners!"


A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Death rays don't kill people, people kill people!


The only way you'll ever hear from
me is if you're living in the same hell.
		-- Roy Harper


That woman speaks eight languages and can't say "no" in any of them.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Don't shoot until you're sure you both aren't on the same side.


Real programmers don't bring brown-bag lunches.  If the vending machine
doesn't sell it, they don't eat it.  Vending machines don't sell
quiche.


[Americans] are a race of convicts and ought to be thankful for anything
we allow them short of hanging.
		-- Samuel Johnson

America is a large friendly dog in a small room.  Every time it wags its
tail it knocks over a chair.
		-- Arnold Toynbee

The United States is like the guy at the party who gives cocaine to
everybody and still nobody likes him.
		-- Jim Samuels


	A programmer from a very large computer company went to a software
conference and then returned to report to his manager, saying: "What sort
of programmers work for other companies?  They behaved badly and were
unconcerned with appearances. Their hair was long and unkempt and their
clothes were wrinkled and old. They crashed our hospitality suites and they
made rude noises during my presentation."
	The manager said: "I should have never sent you to the conference.
Those programmers live beyond the physical world.  They consider life absurd,
an accidental coincidence.  They come and go without knowing limitations.
Without a care, they live only for their programs.  Why should they bother
with social conventions?"
	"They are alive within the Tao."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


An amendment to a motion may be amended, but an amendment to an amendment
to a motion may not be amended.  However, a substitute for an amendment to
and amendment to a motion may be adopted and the substitute may be amended.
		-- The Montana legislature's contribution to the English
		language.


To spot the expert, pick the one who predicts
the job will take the longest and cost the most.


You seek to shield those you love
and you like the role of the provider.


In San Francisco, Halloween is redundant.
		-- Will Durst


When the shit hits the fan, keep your mouth shut!


Majorities, of course, start with minorities.
		-- Robert Moses


No job too big; no fee too big!
		-- Dr. Peter Venkman, "Ghostbusters"


The office brown-noser named Bunky
Would claim he was nobody's flunky.
	But when the chips were all down,
	His proboscis was brown,
And there hung many strands which were gunky.


It's hard to be humble when you're perfect.


Football is a game designed to keep coal miners off the streets.
		-- Jimmy Breslin


If you meet somebody who tells you that he loves you more than anybody
in the whole wide world, don't trust him.  It means he experiments.


None of our men are "experts."  We have most unfortunately found it necessary
to get rid of a man as soon as he thinks himself an expert -- because no one
ever considers himself expert if he really knows his job.  A man who knows a
job sees so much more to be done than he has done, that he is always pressing
forward and never gives up an instant of thought to how good and how efficient
he is.  Thinking always ahead, thinking always of trying to do more, brings a
state of mind in which nothing is impossible. The moment one gets into the
"expert" state of mind a great number of things become impossible.
		-- From Henry Ford Sr., "My Life and Work"


Write-protect tab, n.:
	A small sticker created to cover the unsightly notch carelessly left
	by disk manufacturers.  The use of the tab creates an error message
	once in a while, but its aesthetic value far outweighs the momentary
	inconvenience.
		-- Robb Russon


PURGE COMPLETE.


Griffin's Thought:
	When you starve with a tiger, the tiger starves last.


Science may someday discover what faith has always known.


The church is near but the road is icy,
the bar is far away but I will walk carefully.
		-- Russian Proverb


Women waste men's lives and think they have
indemnified them by a few gracious words.
		-- Honore de Balzac


Fortune Personals:
	SWBiM, 29.  Gr/Fr/Mild English.  Have
	own moose, hoop.  Sincere inquiries
	only.  Discreet.  Fortune P.O. Box 1910.


Nobody shot me.
		-- Frank Gusenberg, his last words, when asked by police
		   who had shot him 14 times with a machine gun in the
		   Saint Valentine's Day Massacre.

Only Capone kills like that.
		-- George "Bugs" Moran, on the Saint Valentine's Day Massacre

The only man who kills like that is Bugs Moran.
		-- Al Capone, on the Saint Valentine's Day Massacre


Fraud is the homage that force pays to reason.
		-- Charles Curtis, "A Commonplace Book"


Do married women make the best wives?


There was a young man from LeDoux,
Whose limericks stopped at line two.

There was a young man from Verdunne.

	[Actually, there are three limericks in this series, the third one
	 is about some guy named Nero.  If anyone has a copy of it, please
	 mail it to "fortune".  Ed.]


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Woman:

 1. Beer understands the difference between shooting down an unidentified
	aircraft in a war zone and blowing a Korean airliner out of the sky.
 2. A beer would never own a car with an automatic transmission.
 3. A beer never fishes for compliments.
 4. Beer tastes good.
 5. A beer can enjoy an evening of watching "Johnny-the-Wadd-Holmes' Greatest
	Hits" as much as you do.
 6. An ice-cold beer will nonetheless let you have your way with it.
 7. A beer won't ask you to pick up some tampons when you go to the store.
 8. Beer never asks you to change the station.
 9. A beer won't fill up your 'Vette with 85-octane gas because it's twenty
	cents less expensive.
10. A beer won't make you eat experimental vegetarian meals that taste
	like grass.


I've got a very bad feeling about this.
		-- Han Solo


LIFE:
	A whim of several billion cells to be you for a while.


Secrecy is the beginning of tyranny.


It is not necessary to inquire whether a woman would like something for
dessert.  The answer is yes, she would like something for dessert, but
she would like you to order it so she can pick at it with your fork.  She
does not want you to call attention to this by saying, "If you wanted a
dessert, why didn't you order one?"  You must understand, she has the
dessert she wants.  The dessert she wants is contained within yours.
		-- Merrill Marcoe, "An Insider's Guide to the American Woman"


Tomorrow, this will be part of the unchangeable past
but fortunately, it can still be changed today.


It's amazing how much better you feel once you've given up hope.


Tim and I a hunting went
We found three damsels in a tent,
As they were three, and we were two,
I bucked one and Timbuktu.
		-- the only known poem using the word "Timbuktu"


One man's constant is another man's variable.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


Anything worth doing is worth overdoing.


If there is a wrong way to do something, then someone will do it.
		-- Edward A. Murphy, Jr.


You couldn't even prove the White House
staff sane beyond a reasonable doubt.
		-- Ed Meese, on the Hinckley verdict


There is no cure for birth and death other than to enjoy the interval.
		-- George Santayana


Genlock, n.:
	Why he stays in the bottle.


Swipple's Rule of Order:
	He who shouts the loudest has the floor.


Gimme that old bisexuality,
Gimme that old bisexuality,
Gimme that old bisexuality,
'Cause it's good enough for me!

It was good for David Bowie,
It was good for David Bowie,
It was good for David Bowie,
And it's good enough for me!


Meskimen's Law:
	There's never time to do it right, but there's always time to
	do it over.


Useful Farsi phrases for Americans traveling to Iran:

AKBAR KHALI-KILI HAFTIR LOTFAN.
	Thank you for showing me your marvelous gun.

FEKR GABUL CARDAN DAVAT PAEH GUSH DIVAR.
	I am delighted to accept your kind invitation to lie down
	on the floor with my arms above my head and my legs apart.

SHOMAEH FEKR TAMOMEH QEH GOFTEH BANDE.
	I agree with everything you have ever said or thought in your life.


Those who make peaceful revolution impossible
will make violent revolution inevitable.
		-- John F. Kennedy


When in doubt, do it.  It's much easier
to apologize than to get permission.
		-- Grace Murray Hopper


The answer to the question of Life, the Universe, and Everything is...

	Four day work week,
	Two ply toilet paper!


Sank heaven for leetle curls.


The clothes have no emperor.
		-- C. A. R. Hoare, commenting on ADA


Seeing is believing.
You wouldn't have seen it if you hadn't believed it.


