In the shade of the old apple tree
Where between her fat legs I could see
	A little brown spot
	With the hair in a knot,
And it certainly looked good to me.

I asked as I tickled her tit
If she thought that my big thing would fit.
	She said it would do
	So we had a good screw		In the shade of the old apple tree
In the shade of the old apple tree.	I got all that was coming to me.
						In the soft dewy grass
I could hear the dull buzz of the bee		I had a fine piece of ass
As he sunk his grub hooks into me.	From a maiden that was fine to see.
	Her ass it was fine
	But you should have seen mine
In the shade of the old apple tree.


No Marxist can deny that the interests of socialism are higher
than the interests of the right of nations to self-determination.
		-- Lenin, 1918


The wind doth taste so bitter sweet,
	Like Jaspar wine and sugar,
It must have blown through someone's feet,
	Like those of Caspar Weinberger.
		-- P. Opus


Never kick a man, unless he's down.


Women come and go, but BSD is forever.
		-- Derek Young


Every man takes the limits of his own field
of vision for the limits of the world.
		-- Schopenhauer


With all the fancy scientists in the world,
why can't they just once build a nuclear balm.


In Riemann, Hilbert or in Banach space
Let superscripts and subscripts go their ways.
Our asymptotes no longer out of phase,
We shall encounter, counting, face to face.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


Rules for Good Grammar #4.
 1:	Don't use no double negatives.
 2:	Make each pronoun agree with their antecedents.
 3:	Join clauses good, like a conjunction should.
 4:	About them sentence fragments.
 5:	When dangling, watch your participles.
 6:	Verbs has got to agree with their subjects.
 7:	Just between you and i, case is important.
 8:	Don't write run-on sentences when they are hard to read.
 9:	Don't use commas, which aren't necessary.
10:	Try to not ever split infinitives.
11:	It is important to use your apostrophe's correctly.
12:	Proofread your writing to see if you any words out.
13:	Correct speling is essential.
14:	A preposition is something you never end a sentence with.
15:	While a transcendent vocabulary is laudable, one must be eternally
	careful so that the calculated objective of communication does not
	become ensconced in obscurity.  In other words, eschew obfuscation.


It is impossible to make anything
foolproof because fools are so ingenious.


Which of the following doesn't belong?
	a. meat
	b. eggs
	c. drum
	d. blowjob.

Answer:
	d:  A blowjob, because you can beat your meat, your eggs,
	    or your drum, but you just can't beat a blowjob.


Last yeer I kudn't spel Engineer.  Now I are won.


Observe yon plumed biped fine.
To activate its captivation,
Deposit on its termination,
A quantity of particles saline.


I used to be an agnostic, but now I'm not so sure.


Have the courage to take your own thoughts
seriously, for they will shape you.
		-- Albert Einstein


It is not enough to have great qualities,
we should also have the management of them.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


Words have a longer life than deeds.
		-- Pindar


I walked on toward Ploughwright, thinking about feces.  What a lot we
had found out about the prehistoric past from the study of fossilized
dung of long-vanished animals.  A miraculous thing, really; a recovery
from the past from what was carelessly rejected.  And in the Middle
Ages, how concerned people who lived close to the world of nature were
with the feces of animals.  And what a variety of names they had for
them:  the Crotels of a Hare, the Friants of a Boar, the Spraints of
an Otter, the Werderobe of a Badger, the Waggying of a Fox, the Fumets
of a Deer.  Surely there might be some words for the material so near
to the heart of Ozy Froats [an academic studying feces] than shit?
What about the Problems of a President, the Backward Passes of a
Footballer, the Deferrals of a Dean, the Odd Volumes of a Librarian,
the Footnotes of a Ph.D., the Low Grades of a Freshman, the Anxieties
of an Untenured Professor?
		-- Robertson Davies, "The Rebel Angels"


While Europe's eye is fix'd on mighty things,
The fate of empires and the fall of kings;
While quacks of State must each produce his plan,
And even children lisp the Rights of Man;
Amid this mighty fuss just let me mention,
The Rights of Woman merit some attention.
		-- Robert Burns, Address on "The Rights of Woman",
		   November 26, 1792


Barker's Proof:
	Proofreading is more effective after publication.


Death is only a state of mind.

Only it doesn't leave you much time to think about anything else.


I wish there was a knob on the TV where you could turn up the
intelligence.  They've got one called brightness, but it doesn't
seem to work.
		-- Gallagher


The absence of labels [in ECL] is probably a good thing.
		-- T. Cheatham


	Reporters like Bill Greider from the Washington Post and Him
Naughton of the New York Times, for instance, had to file long, detailed,
and relatively complex stories every day -- while my own deadline fell
every two weeks -- but neither of them ever seemed in a hurry about
getting their work done, and from time to time they would try to console
me about the terrible pressure I always seemed to be laboring under.
	Any $100-an-hour psychiatrist could probably explain this problem
to me, in thirteen or fourteen sessions, but I don't have time for that.
No doubt it has something to do with a deep-seated personality defect, or
maybe a kink in whatever blood vessel leads into the pineal gland...  On
the other hand, it might be something as simple & basically perverse as
whatever instinct it is that causes a jackrabbit to wait until the last
possible second to dart across the road in front of a speeding car.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing:
		   On the Campaign Trail"


A company is known by the men it keeps.


How come if you're horny it's lust, but if she's horny it's affection?


Daisy, Daisy, give me your answer true,
Daisy, Daisy, wouldn't you like to screw?
I really must beg your pardon,
But I've got a hell of a hard-on,
From beating my meat, against the seat,
Of a bicycle built for two.
		-- "Daisy, Daisy", "The Dirty Song Book"


Sometimes, you just gotta say "What the fuck."
		-- Risky Business


Vanilla, adj.:
	Ordinary flavor, standard.  See FLAVOR.  When used of food,
very often does not mean that the food is flavored with vanilla
extract!  For example, "vanilla-flavored won ton soup" (or simply
"vanilla won ton soup") means ordinary won ton soup, as opposed to hot
and sour won ton soup.


Chess tonight.


...relaxed in the manner of a man who
has no need to put up a front of any kind.
		-- John Ball, "Mark One: the Dummy"


You'd better beat it.  You can leave in a taxi.  If you can't get a
taxi, you can leave in a huff.  If that's too soon, you can leave in a
minute and a huff.
		-- Groucho Marx


That, that is, is.
That, that is not, is not.
That, that is, is not that, that is not.
That, that is not, is not that, that is.


When you have to kill a man it costs nothing to be polite.
		-- Winston Churchill, on formal declarations of war


She won' go Warp 7, Cap'n!  The batteries are dead!


	A boy scout troop went on a hike.  Crossing over a stream, one of
the boys dropped his wallet into the water.  Suddenly a carp jumped, grabbed
the wallet and tossed it to another carp.  Then that carp passed it to
another carp, and all over the river carp appeared and tossed the wallet back
and forth.
	"Well, boys," said the Scout leader, "you've just seen a rare case
of carp-to-carp walleting."


Don't compare floating point numbers solely for equality.


Lying is an indispensable part of making life tolerable.
		-- Bergan Evans


The Least Successful Defrosting Device
	The all-time record here is held by Mr. Peter Rowlands of Lancaster
whose lips became frozen to his lock in 1979 while blowing warm air on it.
	"I got down on my knees to breathe into the lock.  Somehow my lips
got stuck fast."
	While he was in the posture, an old lady passed an inquired if he
was all right.  "Alra?  Igmmlptk", he replied at which point she ran away.
	"I tried to tell her what had happened, but it came out sort of...
muffled," explained Mr. Rowlands, a pottery designer.
	He was trapped for twenty minutes ("I felt a bit foolish") until
constant hot breathing brought freedom.  He was subsequently nicknamed "Hot
Lips".
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


QOTD:
	"I used to be an idealist, but I got mugged by reality."


	People of all sorts of genders are reporting great difficulty,
these days, in selecting the proper words to refer to those of the female
persuasion.
	"Lady," "woman," and "girl" are all perfectly good words, but
misapplying them can earn one anything from the charge of vulgarity to a good
swift smack.  We are messing here with matters of deference, condescension,
respect, bigotry, and two vague concepts, age and rank.  It is troubling
enough to get straight who is really what.  Those who deliberately misuse
the terms in a misbegotten attempt at flattery are asking for it.
	A woman is any grown-up female person.  A girl is the un-grown-up
version.  If you call a wee thing with chubby cheeks and pink hair ribbons a
"woman," you will probably not get into trouble, and if you do, you will be
able to handle it because she will be under three feet tall.  However, if you
call a grown-up by a child's name for the sake of implying that she has a
youthful body, you are also implying that she has a brain to match.


What will happen when the 32-bit Unix date goes negative in mid-January
2038 does not bear thinking about.
		-- Henry Spencer


LAZY:
	Marrying a pregnant woman.


Men have as exaggerated an idea of their
rights as women have of their wrongs.
		-- Edgar W. Howe


Peter Fellgett's wildcard recipe:
	Into a clean dish, place the dry ingredients and add the
	liquids until the right consistency is obtained. Turn out
	into suitable containers and cook until done.


What makes the Universe so hard to comprehend
is that there's nothing to compare it with.


It's a .88 magnum -- it goes through schools.
		-- Danny Vermin


O!  If I were a fish
I'd lay hap'ly on my dish.
Yes, that's my one and only wish --
To be a fish!

For fish don't ever mish;
They needn't flush after they pish!
Yes, and life's just swish, swish, swish,
For all the fish!!!


The five-alarm fire had been raging out of control for hours, pouring thick,
black smoke over the street.  At last the blaze was under control and the
fire chief began accounting for his men.  Two were missing, so he ordered
a search.  Captain Kelly finally rounded a fire truck parked in an alley
and found, to his shock, one fireman with his trousers down leaning over a
garbage can and another fireman screwing him in the ass.
	"What's the meaning of this!", the captain roared.
	"Jones here had passed out from smoke inhalation," the fireman on
top panted.
	"You're supposed to give mouth to mouth resuscitation for that!"
the captain yelled.
	"I know.  That's what started this," the fireman replied.


One reason why George Washington
Is held in such veneration:
He never blamed his problems
On the former Administration.
		-- George O. Ludcke


All of the animals except man know that
the principal business of life is to enjoy it.


Brigands will demand your money or
your life, but a woman will demand both.
		-- Samuel Butler


Between grand theft and a legal fee, there only stands a law degree.


Q:	How many IBM 370s does it take to execute a job?
A:	Four, three to hold it down, and one to rip its head off.


The Celts invented two things, Whiskey and self-destruction.


	A novel approach is to remove all power from the system, which
removes most system overhead so that resources can be fully devoted to
doing nothing.  Benchmarks on this technique are promising; tremendous
amounts of nothing can be produced in this manner.  Certain hardware
limitations can limit the speed of this method, especially in the
larger systems which require a more involved & less efficient
power-down sequence.
	An alternate approach is to pull the main breaker for the
building, which seems to provide even more nothing, but in truth has
bugs in it, since it usually inhibits the systems which keep the beer
cool.


YOUR FOAMY FUTURE
	by Miss Fortune

CANCER (Jun 22 - July 22)
	You've been awarded a clean bill of health this month and you feel
you owe it all to the excessive amount of Vitamin B, Iron, and Malt you get
in your beer.  Being healthy is admirable but don't you think you're going
to feel stupid one day lying in a hospital dying of nothing?

LEO (July 23 - August 22)
	You will soon acquire a large sum of money and will be in seventh
heaven as you head to the nearest Liquor Barn and buy all the beer they have
in stock.  Whoever said money couldn't buy happiness didn't know where to
shop.

VIRGO (August 23 - September 22)
	Your late night, beer drinking, "life in the fast lane" parties are
affecting your job production the next morning.  You feel a nine to five job
is not for a "party animal" such as yourself and may feel the need for a
career change.  Just remember, people who work sitting down get paid more
than people who work standing up.


CONFERENCE:
	A special meeting in which the boss gathers subordinates to hear
	what they have to say, so long as it doesn't conflict with what
	he's already decided to do.


If a man has a strong faith he can indulge in the luxury of skepticism.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


No matter where I go, the place is always called "here".


Tussman's Law:
	Nothing is as inevitable as a mistake whose time has come.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(29) The Los Angeles Raiders will never be the team they were when they
     called Oakland home.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


If you live in New York, even if you're Catholic, you're Jewish.
		-- Lenny Bruce


Isn't it odd that people who object to "foul" language are always the
fucking dickheads that need swearing at?


Before Xerox, five carbons were the maximum extension of anybody's ego.


Use a pun, go to jail.


GAY:
	One who'd rather swish than fight.


"My code is elegant", "Your code is sneaky", "His code is an ugly hack"
		-- Colin Percival on irregular verbs


Ascend to the high mountain pass,
Cross the shallow side of the wide ocean.
Do not give up to the great distance:
It's by going that you will reach your aim.
Be not discouraged by human frailty:
You will overcome it if you try to.
		-- Chinggis (Genghis) Khan


Anything is possible, unless it's not.


Drew's Law of Highway Biology:
	The first bug to hit a clean windshield
	lands directly in front of your eyes.


A bore is a man who talks so much about
himself that you can't talk about yourself.


Learn from other people's mistakes, you don't have time to make your own.


If computers take over (which seems to be their natural tendency), it will
serve us right.
		-- Alistair Cooke


We are preparing to think about contemplating preliminary work on plans to
develop a schedule for producing the 10th Edition of the Unix Programmers
Manual.
		-- Andrew Hume


Nothing makes one so vain as being told that one is a sinner.
Conscience makes egotists of us all.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Nondeterminism means never having to say you are wrong.


Message from Our Sponsor on ttyTV at 13:58 ...


The astronomer Francesco Sizi, a contemporary of Galileo, argues that
Jupiter can have no satellites:

	There are seven windows in the head, two nostrils, two ears, two
eyes, and a mouth; so in the heavens there are two favorable stars, two
unpropitious, two luminaries, and Mercury alone undecided and indifferent.
From which and many other similar phenomena of nature such as the seven
metals, etc., which it were tedious to enumerate, we gather that the number
of planets is necessarily seven. [...]
	Moreover, the satellites are invisible to the naked eye and
therefore can have no influence on the earth and therefore would be useless
and therefore do not exist.


Moebius strippers never show you their back side.


The last time I saw him he was walking down Lover's Lane holding his own
hand.
		-- Fred Allen


Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing.


When Dexter's on the Internet, can Hell be far behind?


355/113 --
	Not the famous irrational number PI, but an incredible simulation.


It used to be a man's world, and the woman's place was in the home.
They can kiss that shit goodbye.


Seeing a commotion in Harvard Square, a man strolled over and asked what
was going on.  One of the onlookers explained to him that there was a Mooney
who had immersed himself in gasoline and was threatening to set fire to
himself to demonstrate his commitment to the Rev. Moon.  The man gasped and
asked what was being done to defuse the obviously dangerous situation.
	"Well", replied the onlooker, "we're taking up a collection -- so
far I've got two Bics, four Zippos and eighteen books of matches."


Real computer scientists only write specs for languages that might run on
future hardware.  Nobody trusts them to write specs for anything homo sapiens
will ever be able to fit on a single planet.


Brisk talkers are usually slow thinkers.  There is, indeed, no wild beast
more to be dreaded than a communicative man having nothing to communicate.
If you are civil to the voluble, they will abuse your patience; if
brusque, your character.
		-- Jonathan Swift


A certain amount of opposition is a help, not a hindrance.
Kites rise against the wind, not with it.


Argue for your limitations, and sure enough, they're yours.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


The reason big companies have lots and lots of meetings is because
they can't masturbate.


I am a man: nothing human is alien to me.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)


Memory fault - where am I?


I myself have dreamed up a structure intermediate between Dyson spheres
and planets.  Build a ring 93 million miles in radius -- one Earth orbit
-- around the sun.  If we have the mass of Jupiter to work with, and if
we make it a thousand miles wide, we get a thickness of about a thousand
feet for the base.

And it has advantages.  The Ringworld will be much sturdier than a Dyson
sphere.  We can spin it on its axis for gravity.  A rotation speed of 770
m/s will give us a gravity of one Earth normal.  We wouldn't even need to
roof it over.  Place walls one thousand miles high at each edge, facing the
sun.  Very little air will leak over the edges.

Lord knows the thing is roomy enough.  With three million times the surface
area of the Earth, it will be some time before anyone complains of the
crowding.
		-- Larry Niven, "Ringworld"


It is one of the superstitions of the human mind
to have imagined that virginity could be a virtue.
		-- Voltaire


A LISP programmer knows the value of
everything, but the cost of nothing.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


The mosquito exists to keep the mighty humble.


Do not permit a woman to ask forgiveness, for that is only the first
step.  The second is justification of herself by accusation of you.
		-- DeGourmont


First rule of public speaking.
	First, tell 'em what you're goin' to tell 'em;
	then tell 'em;
	then tell 'em what you've tole 'em.


Dame Catherine of Ashton-on-Lynches
Got on with her grooms and her wenches:
	She went down on the gents,
	And pronged the girl's vents
With a clitoris reaching six inches.


Be open to other people -- they may enrich your dream.


You have the body of a 19 year old.  Please return it before it gets
wrinkled.


Zounds!  I was never so bethump'd with words
since I first call'd my brother's father dad.
		-- William Shakespeare, "King John"


A girl's conscience doesn't really keep her from doing anything wrong--
it merely keeps her from enjoying it.


A pencil with no point needs no eraser.


You will gain money by an immoral action.


McDonald's -- Because you're worth it.


We are not alone.


If you wish to live wisely, ignore sayings -- including this one.


Elbonics, v.:
	The actions of two people maneuvering for one
	armrest in a movie theatre.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Marriage causes dating problems.


He who spends a storm beneath a tree, takes life with a grain of TNT.


The smallest worm will turn being trodden on.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


Tim and I a hunting went
We found three damsels in a tent,
As they were three, and we were two,
I bucked one and Timbuktu.
		-- the only known poem using the word "Timbuktu"


Theology is an attempt to explain a subject by men who do not understand
it.  The intent is not to tell the truth but to satisfy the questioner.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


I want to buy a husband who, every week when I sit down to watch "St.
Elsewhere", won't scream, "FORGET IT, BLANCHE ... IT'S TIME FOR 'HEE
HAW'!!"
		-- Berke Breathed, "Bloom County"


Thank God I've always avoided persecuting my enemies.
		-- Adolf Hitler


De Hispanice puella verumque
Simplex oris verborumque
	Tulit potens vagina
	Hominum agmina
Iterum iterum iterumque.


I went into a general store ... they wouldn't sell me anything specific.
		-- Steven Wright


Dammit Jim, I'm an actor not a doctor.


Horace's best ode would not please a young woman as much
as the mediocre verses of the young man she is in love with.
		-- Moore


Wasting time is an important part of living.


Sigmund's wife wore Freudian slips.


Where will it all end?
Probably somewhere near where it all began.


Boren's Laws:
	(1) When in charge, ponder.
	(2) When in trouble, delegate.
	(3) When in doubt, mumble.


TRANSPARENT:
	Being or pertaining to an existing, nontangible object.
	"It's there, but you can't see it"
		-- IBM System/360 announcement, 1964

VIRTUAL:
	Being or pertaining to a tangible, nonexistent object.
	"I can see it, but it's not there."
		-- Lady Macbeth


Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday,
lying in hospitals dying of nothing.
		-- Redd Foxx


One learns to itch where one can scratch.
		-- Ernest Bramah


Onward through the fog.


Do not count your chickens before they are hatched.
		-- Aesop


After any salary raise, you will have less money at the end of the
month than you did before.


Even a hawk is an eagle among crows.


Oh, ya doesn't have ta call me "Johnson"!  Well, you can call me "Ray", or
you can call me "Jay", or you can call me "R. J.", or you can call me "Ray
J.", or you can call me "R. J. J.", or you can call me "Ray J. Johnson", or
you can call me "R. J. Johnson", but ya DOESN'T have to call me "Johnson" ...


Just go with the flow control, roll with the crunches, and, when you get
a prompt, type like hell.


Horsecrap, little brother.  There's always something more to be done.
Another palm to be greased.  Another back to be scratched.  Another
weak sister to be shored up.
		-- J.R. Ewing


Irrationality is the square root of all evil.
		-- Douglas Hofstadter


I learned to play guitar just to get the girls, and anyone who says they
didn't is just lyin'!
		-- Willie Nelson


Q:	How can you tell if an elephant is sitting on your back
	in a hurricane?
A:	You can hear his ears flapping in the wind.


Do, or do not; there is no try.


APL hackers take all they want.


Please remain calm, it's no use both of
us being hysterical at the same time.


****  CONVENTION REMINDER

No experiment was approved for the convention by the Human Subjects
Committee of the Psychiatric Convention Planning Team.  If you notice
smoke coming from under a closed door, if you find a body on the hotel
carpet, or if you just meet someone who orders you to press a button
marked "450 volts", react as you would normally.


Picking up a man in a bar is like a snowstorm, you never know when
he's coming, how many inches you'll get or how long he'll stay.


Any member introducing a dog into the Society's premises shall be
liable to a fine of one pound.  Any animal leading a blind person shall
be deemed to be a cat.
		-- Rule 46, Oxford Union Society, London


The best prophet of the future is the past.


One good reason why computers can do more work than
people is that they never have to stop and answer the phone.


Q:	Why did the tachyon cross the road?
A:	Because it was on the other side.


Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	You wouldn't understand.
	You ask too many questions.
	In order to be a man, you have to learn to follow orders.
	That's for me to know and you to find out.
	Don't let those bullies push you around.  Go in there and stick
		up for yourself.
	You're acting too big for your britches.
	Well, you broke it.  Now are you satisfied?
	Wait till your father gets home.
	Bored?  If you're bored, I've got some chores for you.
	Shape up or ship out.


Your computer account is overdrawn.  Please reauthorize.


Don't worry about people stealing your ideas.  If your ideas
are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.
		-- Howard Aiken


Insomnia isn't anything to lose sleep over.


Share, n.:
	To give in, endure humiliation.


She was only a mortician's daughter but anyone cadaver.


The ladies men admire, I've heard,
Would shudder at a wicked word.
Their candle gives a single light;
They'd rather stay at home at night.
They do not keep awake till three,
Nor read erotic poetry.
They never sanction the impure,
Nor recognize an overture.
They shrink from powders and from paints...
So far, I've had no complaints.
		-- Dorothy Parker


The white race is the cancer of history.
		-- Susan Sontag


Men ought to know that from the brain and from the brain only arise our
pleasures, joys, laughter, and jests as well as our sorrows, pains, griefs
and tears.  ...  It is the same thing which makes us mad or delirious,
inspires us with dread and fear, whether by night or by day, brings us
sleeplessness, inopportune mistakes, aimless anxieties, absent-mindedness
and acts that are contrary to habit...
		-- Hippocrates, "The Sacred Disease"


If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.


Most people wouldn't know music if it came up and bit them on the ass.
		-- Frank Zappa


Alex Haley was adopted!


QOTD:
	"It's men like him that give the Y chromosome a bad name."


To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


