Real Time, adj.:
	Here and now, as opposed to fake time, which only occurs there
	and then.


MOCK APPLE PIE (No Apples Needed)

  Pastry to two crust 9-inch pie	36 RITZ Crackers
2 cups water				 2 cups sugar
2 teaspoons cream of tartar		 2 tablespoons lemon juice
  Grated rind of one lemon		   Butter or margarine
  Cinnamon

Roll out bottom crust of pastry and fit into 9-inch pie plate.  Break
RITZ Crackers coarsely into pastry-lined plate.  Combine water, sugar
and cream of tartar in saucepan, boil gently for 15 minutes.  Add lemon
juice and rind.  Cool.  Pour this syrup over Crackers, dot generously
with butter or margarine and sprinkle with cinnamon.  Cover with top
crust.  Trim and flute edges together.  Cut slits in top crust to let
steam escape.  Bake in a hot oven (425 F) 30 to 35 minutes, until crust
is crisp and golden.  Serve warm.  Cut into 6 to 8 slices.
		-- Found lurking on a Ritz Crackers box


				SEMINAR ANNOUNCEMENT

Title:		Are Frogs Turing Compatible?
Speaker:	Don "The Lion" Knuth

				ABSTRACT
	Several researchers at the University of Louisiana have been studying
the computing power of various amphibians, frogs in particular.  The problem
of frog computability has become a critical issue that ranges across all areas
of computer science.  It has been shown that anything computable by an amphi-
bian community in a fixed-size pond is computable by a frog in the same-size
pond -- that is to say, frogs are Pond-space complete.  We will show that
there is a log-space, polywog-time reduction from any Turing machine program
to a frog.  We will suggest these represent a proper subset of frog-computable
functions.
	This is not just a let's-see-how-far-those-frogs-can-jump seminar.
This is only for hardcore amphibian-computation people and their colleagues.
	Refreshments will be served.  Music will be played.


So I'm ugly.  So what?  I never saw anyone hit with his face.
		-- Yogi Berra


It does not matter if you fall down as long as you
pick up something from the floor while you get up.


	COONDOG MEMORY
	(heard in Rutledge, Missouri, about eighteen years ago)

Now, this dog is for sale, and she can not only follow a trail twice as
old as the average dog can, but she's got a pretty good memory to boot.
For instance, last week this old boy who lives down the road from me, and
is forever stinkmouthing my hounds, brought some city fellow around to
try out ol' Sis here.  So I turned her out south of the house and she made
two or three big swings back and forth across the edge of the woods, set
back her head, bayed a couple of times, cut straight through the woods,
come to a little clearing, jumped about three foot straight up in the air,
run to the other side, and commenced to letting out a racket like she had
something treed.  We went over there with our flashlights and shone them
up in the tree but couldn't catch no shine offa coon's eyes, and my
neighbor sorta indicated that ol' Sis might be a little crazy, `cause she
stood right to the tree and kept singing up into it.  So I pulled off my
coat and climbed up into the branches, and sure enough, there was a coon
skeleton wedged in between a couple of branches about twenty foot up.
Now as I was saying, she can follow a pretty old trail, but this fellow
was still calling her crazy or touched `cause she had hopped up in the
air while she was crossing the clearing, until I reminded him that the
Hawkins' had a fence across there about five years back.  Now, this dog
is for sale.
		-- News that stayed News: Ten Years of Coevolution Quarterly


The speed of anything depends on the flow of everything.


If God had intended Man to Smoke, He would have set him on Fire.


May the Fleas of a Thousand Camels infest one of your Erogenous Zones.


The primary theme of SoupCon is communication.  The acronym "LEO"
represents the secondary theme:

	Law Enforcement Officials

The overall theme of SoupCon shall be:

	Avoiding Communication with Law Enforcement Officials
		-- M. Gallaher


The Ranger isn't gonna like it, Yogi.


Why is it taking so long for her to bring out all the good in you?


Elegance and truth are inversely related.
		-- Becker's Razor


When love is gone, there's always justice.
And when justice is gone, there's always force.
And when force is gone, there's always Mom.
Hi, Mom!
		-- Laurie Anderson


Winning isn't everything, but losing really sucks.


He who laughs last is probably your boss.


Brother Jim's recent appearance on the William and Mary campus this past
week was cut short by an ingenious device designed by two computer science
students.  A three-foot bar of extruded aluminum was precisely machined,
with a hole milled down the center of precisely the dimensions of one of
the small Gideon bibles.  The end capped off, a CO2 canister was connected
to provide up to 2,000 PSIG.  Preliminary estimates during field testing
revealed a muzzle velocity of approximately 120-150 MPH for bibles exiting
the tube.  Sufficient ammunition was obtained during a previous visit to
campus by another religious organization, and the system was first used on
Brother Jim, who suffered a broken rib and numerous small bruises, in
addition to the usual humiliation.


Woman's advice has little value, but he who won't take it is a fool.
		-- Cervantes


Many a man has decided to stay alive not because of the will to live, but
because of the determination not to give assorted surviving bastards the
satisfaction of his death.
		-- Brendan Francis


Alimony, n.:
	Having an ex you can bank on.


A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any other invention,
with the possible exceptions of handguns and Tequila.
		-- Mitch Ratcliffe


The genital area of Ann
Will accommodate any size man,
	From the wee that cause titters
	To the mighty twat-splitters
That cause screams peasants hear in Japan.


Type louder, please.


Be careful of reading health books, you might die of a misprint.
		-- Mark Twain


Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Ether!  (ether who?)  Eather Bunny... Yea!
[chorus]
	Yeay!
	Stay on the Happy side, always on the happy side,
	Stay on the Happy side of life!
	Bum bum bum bum bum bum
	You will feel no pain, as we drive you insane,
	So Stay on the Happy Side of life!

Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Anna!  (anna who?)
	An another eather bunny... [chorus]
Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Stilla!  (stilla who?)
	Still another ether bunny... [chorus]
Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Yetta!  (yetta who?)
	Yet another ether bunny... [chorus]
Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Cargo!  (cargo who?)
	Cargo beep beep and run over eather bunny... [chorus]
Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Boo!  (boo who?)
	Don't Cry!  Eather bunny be back next year! [chorus]


Beam me up, Scotty!


My father was a creole, his father a Negro, and his father a monkey; my
family, it seems, begins where yours left off.
		-- Alexandre Dumas, pere


Sex and drugs and rock and roll,
Is all my brain and body need.
Sex and drugs and rock and roll,
Are very good indeed.

Take your silly ways,
Throw them out the window,
The wisdom of your ways,
I've been there and I know,
Lots of other ways...
		-- Ian Drury, "New Boots and Panties"


1st graffitiest: QUESTION AUTHORITY!

2nd graffitiest: Why?


Philosophy, n.:
	The ability to bear with calmness the misfortunes of our friends.


You must realize that the computer has it in for you.  The irrefutable
proof of this is that the computer always does what you tell it to do.


If you have to ask what jazz is, you'll never know.
		-- Louis Armstrong


Saliva causes cancer, but only if swallowed
in small amounts over a long period of time.
		-- George Carlin


Then here's to the City of Boston,
The town of the cries and the groans.
Where the Cabots can't see the Kabotschniks,
And the Lowells won't speak to the Cohns.
		-- Franklin Pierce Adams


After we made love he took a piece of chalk and made an outline of my body.
		-- Joan Rivers


An old man is lying on his deathbed with all his children, grandchildren and
great-grandchildren gathered around, teary-eyed at the approaching finale of
a deeply loved family member.  The old man is in a light coma, and the doctors
have confirmed that the waiting will be over within the next twenty-four
hours.  Suddenly, the old man opens his eyes whispers: "I must be dreaming
of heaven...  I smell my daughter Lisle's strudel."
	"No, no, grandfather, you are not dreaming", he is reassured.
"Grandmother is baking strudel right now."
	A faint smile crosses the old man's face.  "Go and get me a sliver of
strudel," he says, "she bakes the finest strudel in the world."
	One of the grandchildren is immediately dispatched to honor the old
man's request, and, after what seems a long time, he returns empty-handed.
	"Did you bring me some of Lisle's strudel?", the old man quavers.
	"I'm... I'm very sorry, grandfather, but she says it's for the
funeral."


Have you ever felt like a wounded cow
halfway between an oven and a pasture?
walking in a trance toward a pregnant
	seventeen-year-old housewife's
	two-day-old cookbook?
		-- Richard Brautigan


Those who claim the dead never return
to life haven't ever been around here at quitting time.


Everything ends badly.  Otherwise it wouldn't end.


We will not be responsible for damage to equipment, your ego, county wide
power outages, spontaneously generated mini (or larger) black holes,
planetary disruptions, or personal injury or worse that may result from the
use of this material.
		-- taken from Samuel M. Goldwasser's
		   Sam's Strobe FAQ Notes on the Troubleshooting
		   and Repair of Electronic Flash Units and Strobe Lights


I didn't get sophisticated -- I just got tired.
But maybe that's what sophisticated is -- being tired.
		-- Rita Gain


Beef stroganoff, n.:
	A bull masturbating.


6 oz. orange juice
1 oz. vodka
1/2 oz. Galliano
		Harvey Wallbangers


QOTD:
	"Flash!  Flash!  I love you! ...but we only have fourteen hours to
	save the earth!"


If there is any realistic deterrent to marriage, it's the fact that you
can't afford divorce.
		-- Jack Nicholson


This ae nighte, this ae nighte,
Everye nighte and alle,
Fire and sleet and candlelyte,
And Christe receive thy saule.
		-- The Lykewake Dirge


Hug me now, you mad, impetuous fool!!
Oh wait...
I'm a computer, and you're a person.  It would never work out.
Never mind.


Diplomacy, n.:
	Lying in state.


Despising machines to a man,
The Luddites joined up with the Klan,
	And ride out by night
	In a sheeting of white
To lynch all the robots they can.
		-- C. M. and G. A. Maxson


BE ALERT!!!! (The world needs more lerts...)


If life is merely a joke, the question
still remains: for whose amusement?


Best Mistakes In Films
	In his "Filmgoer's Companion", Mr. Leslie Halliwell helpfully lists
four of the cinema's greatest moments which you should get to see if at all
possible.
	In "Carmen Jones", the camera tracks with Dorothy Dandridge down a
street; and the entire film crew is reflected in the shop window.
	In "The Wrong Box", the roofs of Victorian London are emblazoned
with television aerials.
	In "Decameron Nights", Louis Jourdain stands on the deck of his
fourteenth century pirate ship; and a white lorry trundles down the hill
in the background.
	In "Viking Queen", set in the times of Boadicea, a wrist watch is
clearly visible on one of the leading characters.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Now what would they do if I just sailed away?
Who the hell really compelled me to leave today?
Runnin' low on stories of what made it a ball,
What would they do if I made no landfall?"
		-- Jimmy Buffet, "Landfall"


Court, n.:
	A place where they dispense with justice.
		-- Arthur Train


Where there's a will, there's an Inheritance Tax.


Woman on Street:	Sir, you are drunk; very, very drunk.
Winston Churchill:	Madame, you are ugly; very, very ugly.
			I shall be sober in the morning.


In Christianity, a man may have only one wife.
This is called Monotony.


Fornication, n.:
	Term used by people who don't have anybody to screw with.


Sho' they got to have it against the law.  Shoot, ever'body git high,
they wouldn't be nobody git up and feed the chickens.  Hee-hee.
		-- Terry Southern


Mathematicians take it to the limit.


Q:	How does a girl know she's sleeping with a Computer Scientist?
A:	It isn't hard.


Do you believe in intuition?
No, but I have a strange feeling that someday I will.


Real software engineers don't debug programs, they verify correctness.
This process doesn't necessarily involve execution of anything on a
computer, except perhaps a Correctness Verification Aid package.


George, after tying on a whopper the night before, woke up in the morning to
find a pathetically unattractive woman sleeping blissfully beside him.  He
leaped out of bed, dressed quickly, and furtively placed $100 on top of the
bureau.  He then started to tiptoe out of the room.  But, as he passed the
foot of the bed, he felt a tug at his trouser leg.  Glancing down, he saw
another female even homelier than the one he'd left in bed.  She gazed up
at him soulfully, and asked, "Nothing for the bridesmaid?"


Can you buy friendship?  You not only can, you must.  It's the
only way to obtain friends.  Everything worthwhile has a price.
		-- Robert J. Ringer


If you don't count some of Jehovah's injunctions, there are no humorists
in the Bible.
		-- Mordecai Richler


Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel
a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


If you perceive that there are four possible ways in which a procedure
can go wrong, and circumvent these, then a fifth way will promptly
develop.


This is the way the world ends,
This is the way the world ends,
This is the way the world ends,
Not with a bang but with a whimper.
		-- T. S. Eliot, "The Hollow Men"


Stop searching forever.  Happiness is unattainable.


If you think the system is working,
ask someone who's waiting for a prompt.


The American nation in the sixth ward is a fine people; they love the
eagle -- on the back of a dollar.
		-- Finley Peter Dunne


You will be surrounded by luxury.


You will have a long and boring life.


Pretend to spank me -- I'm a pseudo-masochist!


If God had intended Man to Walk, He would have given him Feet.


Bug, n.:
	A son of a glitch.


QOTD:
	"Are you into casual sex, or should I dress up?"


A horse!  A horse!  My kingdom for a horse!
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


That reminds me of a friend of mine who went north to work on the Alaskan
pipeline.  Before he went up there, he was just a skinny little runt.  When
he got back, he was a husky fucker.


Universe, n.:
	The problem.


Massachusetts has the best politicians money can buy.


In an age when the fashion is to be in love with yourself, confessing to
be in love with somebody else is an admission of unfaithfulness to one's
beloved.
		-- Russell Baker


Marigold:		Jealousy
Mint:			Virute
Orange blossom:		Your purity equals your loveliness
Orchid:			Beauty, magnificence
Pansy:			Thoughts
Peach blossom:		I am your captive
Petunia:		Your presence soothes me
Poppy:			Sleep
Rose, any color:	Love
Rose, deep red:		Bashful shame
Rose, single, pink:	Simplicity
Rose, thornless, any:	Early attachment
Rose, white:		I am worthy of you
Rose, yellow:		Decrease of love, rise of jealousy
Rosebud, white:		Girlhood, and a heart ignorant of love
Rosemary:		Remembrance
Sunflower:		Haughtiness
Tulip, red:		Declaration of love
Tulip, yellow:		Hopeless love
Violet, blue:		Faithfulness
Violet, white:		Modesty
Zinnia:			Thoughts of absent friends
	* An upside-down blossom reverses the meaning.


	During a fight, a husband threw a bowl of Jello at his wife.  She had
him arrested for carrying a congealed weapon.
	In another fight, the wife decked him with a heavy glass pitcher.
She's a woman who conks to stupor.
	Upon reading a story about a man who throttled his mother-in-law, a
man commented, "Sounds to me like a practical choker."
	It's not the initial skirt length, it's the upcreep.
	It's the theory of Jess Birnbaum, of Time magazine, that women with
bad legs should stick to long skirts because they cover a multitude of shins.


Here is a simple experiment that will teach you an important electrical
lesson: On a cool, dry day, scuff your feet along a carpet, then reach
your hand into a friend's mouth and touch one of his dental fillings.
Did you notice how your friend twitched violently and cried out in
pain?  This teaches us that electricity can be a very powerful force,
but we must never use it to hurt others unless we need to learn an
important electrical lesson.

It also teaches us how an electrical circuit works.  When you scuffed
your feet, you picked up batches of "electrons", which are very small
objects that carpet manufacturers weave into carpets so they will
attract dirt.  The electrons travel through your bloodstream and
collect in your finger, where they form a spark that leaps to your
friend's filling, then travels down to his feet and back into the
carpet, thus completing the circuit.

Amazing Electronic Fact: If you scuffed your feet long enough without
touching anything, you would build up so many electrons that your
finger would explode!  But this is nothing to worry about unless you
have carpeting.
		-- Dave Barry, "What is Electricity?"


The solution of this problem is trivial
and is left as an exercise for the reader.


This novel is not to be tossed lightly aside, but to be hurled with
great force.
		-- Dorothy Parker


LA:
	Where the only way to determine that the seasons have changed
	is to note that people have changed the main topic of conversation.
	From mud slides to brush fires.


Murray's Rule:
	Any country with "democratic" in the title isn't.


Once upon a time, when I was training to be a mathematician, a group of
us bright young students taking number theory discovered the names of the
smaller prime numbers.

2:  The Odd Prime --
	It's the only even prime, therefore is odd.  QED.
3:  The True Prime --
	Lewis Carroll: "If I tell you 3 times, it's true."
31: The Arbitrary Prime --
	Determined by unanimous unvote.  We needed an arbitrary prime in
	case the prof asked for one, and so had an election.  91 received
	the most votes (well, it *looks* prime) and 3+4i the next most.
	However, 31 was the only candidate to receive none at all.
41: The Female Prime --
	The polynomial X**2 - X + 41 is
	prime for integer values from 1 to 40.
43: The Male Prime - they form a prime pair.

Since the composite numbers are formed from primes, their qualities
are derived from those primes.  So, for instance, the number 6 is "odd
but true", while the powers of 2 are all extremely odd numbers.


I am a conscientious man, when I throw
rocks at seabirds I leave no tern unstoned.
		-- Ogden Nash, "Everybody's Mind to Me a Kingdom Is"


CAPRICORN (Dec 22 - Jan 19)
	Play your hunches.  This is a day when luck will play an important
	part in your life.  If you were smarter, you wouldn't need so much
	luck and you wouldn't be reading your horoscope, either.  You are
	a suspicious person, and it will occur to you that astrologers
	don't know what they're talking about any more than your Aunt Martha.


I distrust a man who says when.  If he's got to be careful not to drink
too much, it's because he's not to be trusted when he does.
		-- Sidney Greenstreet, "The Maltese Falcon"


Fremen add life to spice!


You've got to pity New Mexico... so far from heaven and so close to Texas.


He who lives without folly is less wise than he believes.


Success is the sole earthly judge of right and wrong.
		-- Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf"


Help fight continental drift.


Q:	Why was Cinderella banished from the Magic Kingdom?
A:	For sitting on Pinocchio's face and screaming, "Tell the truth!
	Tell a lie!  Tell the truth!  Tell a lie!"


You have an unusual equipment for success.
Be sure to use it properly.


Why isn't there a special name for the tops of your feet?
		-- Lily Tomlin


Come up and see me sometime.  Come Wednesday, that's amateur night.
		-- Mae West


What this country needs is a good five cent ANYTHING!


MORE SPORTS RESULTS:
The Beverly Hills Freudians tied the Chicago Rogerians 0-0 last Saturday
night.  The match started with a long period of silence while the Freudians
waited for the Rogerians to free associate and the Rogerians waited for
the Freudians to say something they could paraphrase.  The stalemate was
broken when the Freudians' best player took the offensive and interpreted
the Rogerians' silence as reflecting their anal-retentive personalities.
At this the Rogerians' star player said "I hear you saying you think we're
full of ka-ka."  This started a fight and the match was called by officials.


Treaties are like roses and young girls -- they last while they last.
		-- Charles DeGaulle


If women ran the military complex, would the missiles be shaped differently?


Call things by their right names...  Glass of brandy and water!  That is the
current but not the appropriate name: ask for a glass of fire and distilled
damnation.
		-- Robert Hall, in Olinthus Gregory's, "Brief Memoir of the
		   Life of Hall"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to logical names.]


The one sure way to make a lazy man look
respectable is to put a fishing rod in his hand.


	A guy walks into a pub and asks: "Does anyone here own a Doberman?
I feel really bad about this, but my Chihuahua just killed it."
	A man leaps to his feet and replies, "Yes, I do, but how can that
be?  I raised that dog from a pup to be a vicious killer."
	"Yes, well, that's all well and good," replied the first, "but my
dog's stuck in its throat."


If little else, the brain is an educational toy.
		-- Tom Robbins


Space tells matter how to move and matter tells space how to curve.
		-- Wheeler


By the time they had diminished from 50 to 8, the other dwarves began
to suspect "Hungry" ...
		-- Gary Larson, "The Far Side"


Q:	How can you tell the bride at a WASP wedding?
A:	She's the one kissing the golden retriever.


God is a polytheist.


Lesbian QOTD:
I didn't give up sex, I just gave up premature ejaculation.


	"What do you give a man who has everything?" the pretty teenager
asked her mother.
	"Encouragement, dear," she replied.


Harold had never wanted a woman so much in his life, upon overhearing the
22- year-old beauty remark that he was too old and out of shape for her.  The
determined septuagenarian immediately embarked upon a rigorous self-improvement
program.  He had his face lifted, bought a toupee, ran five miles every day,
lifted weights and adopted a strict vegetarian diet.  Within months, the
rejuvenated man won the young woman's heart, and she agreed to marry him.
	On the way out of the chapel, however, Harold was fatally struck
by lightning.  Furious, he confronted Saint Peter at the pearly gates.  "How
could you do this to me after all the pain I went through?"
	"To be honest, Harold," Saint Peter sheepishly replied, "I didn't
recognize you."


The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings;
the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of misery.
		-- Winston Churchill


Given sufficient time, what you put
off doing today will get done by itself.


Ask your boss to reconsider --
It's so difficult to take "Go to hell" for an answer.


Genius does what it must, and Talent does what it can.
		-- Owen Meredith


...the flaw that makes perfection perfect.


People love high ideals, but they got to be about 33-percent plausible.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


I would be batting the big feller if they wasn't ready with the other one,
but a left-hander would be the thing if they wouldn't have knowed it already
because there is more things involved than could come up on the road, even
after we've been home a long while.
		-- Casey Stengel


Real programmers disdain structured programming.  Structured
programming is for compulsive neurotics who were prematurely toilet-
trained.  They wear neckties and carefully line up pencils on otherwise
clear desks.


A place for everything and everything in its place.
		-- Isabella Mary Beeton, "The Book of Household Management"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to memory management system services.]


McEwan's Rule of Relative Importance:
	When traveling with a herd of elephants,
	don't be the first to lie down and rest.


It is the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree.


An editor is one who separates the wheat from the chaff and prints the chaff.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


Whatever occurs from love is always beyond good and evil.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


We are all agreed that your theory is crazy.  The question which divides us is
whether it is crazy enough to have a chance of being correct.  My own feeling
is that it is not crazy enough.
		-- Niels Bohr


Just once I would like to persuade the audience not to wear any article of
blue denim.  If only they could see themselves in a pair of brown corduroys
like mine instead of this awful, boring blue denim.  I don't enjoy the sky
or sea as much as I used to because of this Levi character.  If Jesus Christ
came back today, He and I would get into our brown corduroys and go to the
nearest jean store and overturn the racks of blue denim.  Then we'd get
crucified in the morning.
		-- Ian Anderson, of Jethro Tull


Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it.
		-- Woody Allen


They're just jealous because they don't have three
wise men and a virgin in the whole organization.
		-- Mayor Vincent J. "Buddy" Cianci, on the
		   ACLU's suit to have a city nativity scene removed.


What makes the Universe so hard to comprehend
is that there's nothing to compare it with.


How do you explain school to a higher intelligence?
		-- Elliot, "E.T."


Go out with girls Dutch treat -- pay for dinner, drinks,
and the movie, and the rest of the evening is on her.


Have you seen how Sonny's burning,
Like some bright erotic star,
He lights up the proceedings,
And raises the temperature.
		-- The Birthday Party, "Sonny's Burning"


The answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe, and Everything was
released with the kind permission of the Amalgamated Union of Philosophers,
Sages, Luminaries, and Other Professional Thinking Persons.


