If you notice that a person is deceiving you,
they must not be deceiving you very well.


Beat me, bite me, whip me, fuck me, make me write bad checks!


Weiler's Law:
	Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it
	himself.


When nothing can possibly go wrong, it will.


I want to reach your mind -- where is it currently located?


A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
Therefore, a man without a woman is like a bicycle without a fish.


****  GROWTH CENTER REPAIR SERVICE

For those who have had too much of Esalen, Topanga, and Kairos.
Tired of being genuine all the time?  Would you like to learn how
to be a little phony again?  Have you disclosed so much that you're
beginning to avoid people?  Have you touched so many people that
they're all beginning to feel the same?  Like to be a little dependent?
Are perfect orgasms beginning to bore you?  Would you like, for once,
not to express a feeling?  Or better yet, not be in touch with it at
all?  Come to us.  We promise to relieve you of the burden of your
great potential.


To err is human -- to blame it on a computer is even more so.


He who dares the wrong, acts right, that's how it happens!
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Whatever occurs from love is always beyond good and evil.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Mary had a little sheep,
And with the sheep she went to sleep,
The sheep turned out to be a ram,
And Mary had a little lamb.


Have a nice diurnal anomaly.


You're at the end of the road again.


I'm a Hollywood writer; so I put on
a sports jacket and take off my brain.


What you don't know can hurt you, only you won't know it.


Don't go around saying the world owes you a living.
The world owes you nothing.  It was here first.
		-- Mark Twain


A girl and a boy bump into each other -- surely an accident.
A girl and a boy bump and her handkerchief drops -- surely another accident.
But when a girl gives a boy a dead squid -- *_t_h_a_t _h_a_d _t_o _m_e_a_n _s_o_m_e_t_h_i_n_g*.
		-- S. Morgenstern, "The Silent Gondoliers"


Overconfidence breeds error when we take for granted that the game will
continue on its normal course; when we fail to provide for an unusually
powerful resource -- a check, a sacrifice, a stalemate.  Afterwards the
victim may wail, `But who could have dreamt of such an idiotic-looking
move?'
		-- Fred Reinfeld, "The Complete Chess Course"


Once upon a time there was a little girl named Little Red Riding Hood.  One
fine morning she decided to visit her Grandmother, so she put a freshly baked
cake and a .357 magnum into her basket and set off through the forest.  When
she got there, what should she find but a big black wolf in the bed, who
jumped up, grabbed her and snarled, "I'm going to fuck you until the sun goes
down."
	So Little Red Riding Hood whipped out the .357 and said, "Oh, no,
you're not!  You're going to eat me just like the story says!"


Conservative, n.:
	One who admires radicals centuries after they're dead.
		-- Leo C. Rosten


My mothers are wholly ignorant of the almost universal prevalence of secret
vice, or self-abuse, among the young.  Why hesitate to say firmly and without
quibble that personal abuse lies at the root of much of the feebleness,
paleness, nervousness, and good-for-nothingness of the entire community?
		-- Dr. J.H. Kellogg, "The Ladies Guide", Modern Medicine
		   Publishing Company, 1895.  Dr. Kellogg helped invent
		   corn flakes and peanut butter.  In addition to denouncing
		   masturbation, he believed that smoking caused cancer and
		   that certain ailments could be cured by rolling a
		   cannonball on the stomach.


Is there life before breakfast?


She called her parakeet Onan, because he spilled his seed.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Ladies and Gentlemen, Hobos and Tramps,
Cross-eyed mosquitos and bowlegged ants,
I come before you to stand behind you
To tell you of something I know nothing about.
Next Thursday (which is good Friday),
There will be a convention held in the
Women's Club which is strictly for Men.
Admission is free, pay at the door,
Pull up a chair, and sit on the floor.
It was a summer's day in winter,
And the snow was raining fast,
As a barefoot boy with shoes on,
Stood sitting in the grass.
Oh, that bright day in the dead of night,
Two dead men got up to fight.
Three blind men to see fair play,
Forty mutes to yell "Hooray"!
Back to back, they faced each other,
Drew their swords and shot each other.
A deaf policeman heard the noise,
Came and arrested those two dead boys.


We're all in this alone.
		-- Lily Tomlin


Air, n.:
	A nutritious substance supplied by a bountiful Providence for
	the fattening of the poor.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


What you don't know won't help you much either.
		-- D. Bennett


Never settle with words what you can accomplish with a flame thrower.


Those who do not understand Unix are condemned to reinvent it, poorly.
		-- Henry Spencer


What you want, what you're hanging around in the world waiting for, is for
something to occur to you.
		-- Robert Frost

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to AST's.]


I never forget a face, but in your case I'll make an exception.
		-- Groucho Marx


Here I sit, broken-hearted,
All logged in, but work unstarted.
First net.this and net.that,
And a hot buttered bun for net.fat.

The boss comes by, and I play the game,
Then I turn back to net.flame.
Is there a cure (I need your views),
For someone trapped in net.news?

I need your help, I say 'tween sobs,
'Cause I'll soon be listed in net.jobs.


Crucifixes are sexy because there's a naked man on them.
		-- Madonna


You climb to reach the summit, but once
there, discover that all roads lead down.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "The Cyberiad"


If we relied conclusively on scientific data for every one of our
findings, I'm afraid all of our work would be inconclusive.
		-- Henry Hudson, of the Meese Pornography Commission, on
		   criticism of its conclusion that pornography causes sex
		   crimes.


This guy runs into his house and yells to his wife, "Kathy, pack up your
bags!  I just won the California lottery!"
	"Honey!", Kathy exclaims, "Shall I pack for warm weather or cold?"
	"I don't care," responds the husband. "just so long as you're out
of the house by dinner!"


[Norm comes in with an attractive woman.]

Coach:  Normie, Normie, could this be Vera?
Norm:   With a lot of expensive surgery, maybe.
		-- Cheers, Norman's Conquest

Coach:  What's up, Normie?
Norm:   The temperature under my collar, Coach.
		-- Cheers, I'll Be Seeing You (Part 2)

Coach:  What would you say to a nice beer, Normie?
Norm:   Going down?
		-- Cheers, Diane Meets Mom


Paradise is exactly like where you are right now ... only much, much
better.
		-- Laurie Anderson


It is now pitch dark.  If you proceed, you will likely fall into a pit.


From the outset, the blind date was a fiasco and it was intensified by the
fact that the fellow was too insensitive and ego-ridden to realize it.  The
moment of truth came in the supper club as he clutched the girl's thigh and
whispered,
	"Baby, how's about our cutting out to my pad so I can slip you nine
inches?"
There was a moment of silence, and then the girl said,
	"You know, I really don't think you could get it up three times
in a row!"


There are two ways of constructing a software design: One way is to
make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies, and the
other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious
deficiencies.
		-- C. A. R. Hoare


The Advertising Agency Song:

	When your client's hopping mad,
	Put his picture in the ad.
	If he still should prove refractory,
	Add a picture of his factory.


Those who do not understand Unix are condemned to reinvent it, poorly.
		-- Henry Spencer


If God wanted us to have a President,
He would have sent us a candidate.
		-- Jerry Dreshfield


Absence is to love what wind is to fire.  It extinguishes the small,
it enkindles the great.


After twelve years of therapy my psychiatrist said something that
brought tears to my eyes.  He said, "No hablo ingles."
		-- Ronnie Shakes


Horsecrap, little brother.  There's always something more to be done.
Another palm to be greased.  Another back to be scratched.  Another
weak sister to be shored up.
		-- J.R. Ewing


There appears to be irrefutable evidence that
the mere fact of overcrowding induces violence.
		-- Harvey Wheeler


The 357.73 Theory --
	Auditors always reject expense accounts
	with a bottom line divisible by 5.


If you live to the age of a hundred you have it made
because very few people die past the age of a hundred.
		-- George Burns


Spring is here, spring is here,
Life is skittles and life is beer.


Die?  I should say not, dear fellow.  No Barrymore
would allow such a conventional thing to happen to him.
		-- John Barrymore's dying words


If a guru falls in the forest with no one to hear him, was he
really a guru at all?
		-- Strange de Jim, "The Metasexuals"


I don't mind what Congress does, as long as they don't do it in the
streets and frighten the horses.
		-- Victor Hugo


I am, in point of fact, a particularly haughty and exclusive person,
of pre-Adamite ancestral descent.  You will understand this when I tell
you that I can trace my ancestry back to a protoplasmal primordial
atomic globule.  Consequently, my family pride is something
inconceivable.  I can't help it.  I was born sneering.
		-- Pooh-Bah, "The Mikado", Gilbert & Sullivan


Play Rogue, visit exotic locations, meet strange creatures and kill
them.


MANAGEMENT:
	The art of getting other people to do all the work.


If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you.


Traffic signals in New York are just rough guidelines.
		-- David Letterman


I/O, I/O,
It's off to disk I go,
A bit or byte to read or write,
I/O, I/O, I/O...


The country girl who became a city madam
has obviously gone from rags to rigids.


We have nowhere else to go... this is all we have.
		-- Margaret Mead


The economy depends about as much on economists as the weather does on
weather forecasters.
		-- Jean-Paul Kauffmann


Unless hours were cups of sack, and minutes capons, and clocks the tongues
of bawds, and dials the signs of leaping houses, and the blessed sun himself
a fair, hot wench in flame-colored taffeta, I see no reason why thou shouldst
be so superfluous to demand the time of the day.  I wasted time and now doth
time waste me.
		-- William Shakespeare


Criticism comes easier than craftsmanship.
		-- Zeuxis


A public debt is a kind of anchor in the storm; but if the anchor be
too heavy for the vessel, she will be sunk by that very weight which
was intended for her preservation.
		-- Colton


Hear about...
	the girl who called her boyfriend Amaretto, 'cause he was
	such a sweet liquor?


	"Daddy?"
	"Yes son."
	"Wha-wha-wha-what does regret mean?"
	"Well, son, a funny thing about regret is that it's better to regret
something you have done, than to regret something you haven't done.  And by
the way, if you see your Mom this weekend, would you be sure and tell her,
`SATAN, SATAN, SATAN!!!'"
		-- Butthole Surfers, "Sweat Loaf"


Calm down, it's only ones and zeroes,
Calm down, it's only bits and bytes,
Calm down, and speak to me in English,
Please realize that I'm not one of your computerites.


Many changes of mind and mood; do not hesitate too long.


It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.
		-- Roger Babson


RUGGED:
	Too heavy to lift.


I'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be
living apart.
		-- e. e. cummings


	A manager went to the master programmer and showed him the requirements
document for a new application.  The manager asked the master: "How long will
it take to design this system if I assign five programmers to it?"
	"It will take one year," said the master promptly.
	"But we need this system immediately or even sooner!  How long will it
take it I assign ten programmers to it?"
	The master programmer frowned.  "In that case, it will take two years."
	"And what if I assign a hundred programmers to it?"
	The master programmer shrugged.  "Then the design will never be
completed," he said.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Women are just like men, only different.


Art is anything you can get away with.
		-- Marshall McLuhan


Lisp programmers do it deeper and deeper and deeper.


Life is knowing how far to go without crossing the line.


There was a phone call for you.


Instead of thinking of spam as a disease that might be eliminated,
it is more useful to think of it like crime, war and cockroaches.
It is not realistic to expect to eliminate any of these, no matter
how much anyone might wish otherwise. Therefore the best we can
hope to accomplish is to bring spam under reasonable control...
		-- Dave Crocker


If a President doesn't do it to his wife, he'll do it to his country.


Hear about...
	the guy who took a course in exotic lovemaking and announced that
	he'd never be able to face his girl again?


Canada Post doesn't really charge 32 cents for a stamp.
It's 2 cents for postage and 30 cents for storage.
		-- Gerald Regan, Cabinet Minister, 12/31/83 Financial Post


We should have a Vollyballocracy.  We elect a six-pack of presidents.
Each one serves until they screw up, at which point they rotate.
		-- Dennis Miller


It is difficult to soar with the eagles when you work with turkeys.


Cleveland still lives.  God MUST be dead.


My godda bless, never I see sucha people.
		-- Signor Piozzi, quoted by Cecilia Thrale


The only thing that stops God from sending a second Flood is that
the first one was useless.
		-- Nicolas Chamfort


Climate and Surgery
	R C Gilchrist, who was shot by J Sharp twelve days ago, and who
received a derringer ball in the right breast, and who it was supposed at
the time could not live many hours, was on the street yesterday and the
day before - walking several blocks at a time.  To those who design to be
riddled with bullets or cut to pieces with Bowie-knives, we cordially
recommend our Sacramento climate and Sacramento surgery.
		-- Sacramento Daily Union, September 11, 1861


I want the same things all men do, Rice Krispies and some sucking.
		-- Dudley Moore


Beware of Programmers who carry screwdrivers.
		-- Leonard Brandwein


If you have received a letter inviting you to speak at the dedication of a
new cat hospital, and you hate cats, your reply, declining the invitation,
does not necessarily have to cover the full range of your emotions.  You must
make it clear that you will not attend, but you do not have to let fly at cats.
The writer of the letter asked a civil question; attack cats, then, only if
you can do so with good humor, good taste, and in such a way that your answer
will be courteous as well as responsive.  Since you are out of sympathy with
cats, you may quite properly give this as a reason for not appearing at the
dedication ceremonies of a cat hospital.  But bear in mind that your opinion
of cats was not sought, only your services as a speaker.  Try to keep things
straight.
		-- Strunk and White, "The Elements of Style"


We could do that, but it would be wrong, that's for sure.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


God is real, unless declared integer.


We warn the reader in advance that the proof presented here
depends on a clever but highly unmotivated trick.
		-- Howard Anton, "Elementary Linear Algebra"


Nonsense.  Space is blue and birds fly through it.
		-- Heisenberg


A hermit is a deserter from the army of humanity.


While he was in New York on location for _Bronco Billy_ (1980), Clint
Eastwood agreed to a television interview.  His host, somewhat hostile,
began by defining a Clint Eastwood picture as a violent, ruthless,
lawless, and bloody piece of mayhem, and then asked Eastwood himself to
define a Clint Eastwood picture.  "To me," said Eastwood calmly, "what
a Clint Eastwood picture is, is one that I'm in."
		-- Boller and Davis, "Hollywood Anecdotes"


The only one of your children who does not grow up and move away
is your husband.


In our civilization, and under our republican form of government, intelligence
is so highly honored that it is rewarded by exemption from the cares of office.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Math is like love -- a simple idea but it can get complicated.
		-- R. Drabek


How much net work could a network work, if a network could net work?


A man paints with his brains and not with his hands.


A lack of leadership is no substitute for inaction.


It doesn't matter whether you win or lose -- until you lose.


Goose pimples rose all over me, my hair stood on end, my eyes filled with
tears of love and gratitude for this greatest of all conquerors of human
misery and shame, and my breath came in little gasps.  If I had not known
that the Leader would have scorned such adulation, I might have fallen to
my knees in unashamed worship, but instead I drew myself to attention, raised
my arm in the eternal salute of the ancient Roman Legions and repeated the
holy words, "Heil Hitler!"
		-- George Lincoln Rockwell


This is a test of the emergency broadcast system.
Had there been an actual emergency, then you would no longer be here.


The gent who wakes up and finds himself a success hasn't been asleep.


The debate rages on: Is PL/I Bachtrian or Dromedary?


Coors, n.:
	Like making love in a canoe -- fucking close to water.


Graphics blind the eyes.
Audio files deafen the ear.
Mouse clicks numb the fingers.
Heuristics weaken the mind.
Options wither the heart.

The Guru observes the net
but trusts his inner vision.
He allows things to come and go.
His heart is as open as the ether.


Now that day wearies me,
My yearning desire
Will receive more kindly,
Like a tired child, the starry night.

Hands, leave off your deeds,
Mind, forget all thoughts;
All of my forces
Yearn only to sink into sleep.

And my soul, unguarded,
Would soar on widespread wings,
To live in night's magical sphere
More profoundly, more variously.
		-- Hermann Hesse, "Going to Sleep"


Where a calculator on the ENIAC is equipped with 18,000 vacuum tubes and
weighs 30 tons, computers in the future may have only 1,000 vacuum tubes
and perhaps weigh 1 1/2 tons.
		-- Popular Mechanics, March 1949


1 + 1 = 3, for large values of 1.


Nihilism should commence with oneself.


I will not be briefed or debriefed, my underwear is my own.


The Anarchists' [national] anthem is an international anthem that consists
of 365 raspberries blown in very quick succession to the tune of "Camptown
Races".  Nobody has to stand up for it, nobody has to listen to it, and,
even better, nobody has to play it.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Why don't elephants eat penguins ?

Because they can't get the wrappers off ...


The Shah of the Empire of Persia
Lay for days in a sexual merger.
	When the nautch asked the Shah,
	"Won't you ever withdraw?"
He replied with a yawn, "It's inertia."


[We] use bad software and bad machines for the wrong things.
		-- R. W. Hamming


It's easier to be a liberal a long way from home.
		-- Don Price


I believe that the moment is near when by a procedure of active paranoiac
thought, it will be possible to systematize confusion and contribute to the
total discrediting of the world of reality.
		-- Salvador Dali


The man who understands one woman is
qualified to understand pretty well everything.
		-- Yeats


