Revolution, n.:
	A form of government abroad.


Conceptual integrity in turn dictates that the design must proceed
from one mind, or from a very small number of agreeing resonant minds.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


When you're lying on the bed,
And the thought is in your head,
But the feeling is way down between your legs,
Take your problem in your hand,
And beat it to the band,
And try your best to keep it off the walls.

Don't let your lover tell you,
Don't let anybody sell you,
That the joy of masturbation is a crime.
For I've rid myself of fears,
(I've been doing it for years)
And now I have an erection all the time.


Nasrudin walked into a shop one day, and the owner came forward to serve
him.  Nasrudin said, "First things first.  Did you see me walk into your
shop?"
	"Of course."
	"Have you ever seen me before?"
	"Never."
	"Then how do you know it was me?"


QOTD:
	"Sex is the most fun you can have without laughing."


Women are just like men, only different.


The following statement is not true.
The previous statement is true.


One, with God, is always a majority, but many a martyr has been burned at
the stake while the votes were being counted.
		-- Thomas B. Reed


Two friends, an Italian boy and a Jewish boy, come of age at the same time.
The Italian boy's father presents him with a brand-new pistol.  On the other
side of town, at his Bar Mitzvah, the Jewish boy receives a beautiful gold
watch.
	The next day, in school, the two boys are showing each other what
they got.  It turns out that each boy likes the other's present better, and
so they trade.
	That night, the Italian boy is at home and his father sees him
looking at his new watch.  "Where did you getta thatta watch?" he asks.
	The boy explains the trade, and the father blows his top.  "Whatta
you?  Stupidda boy?  Whatsa matta you!"
	"Somma day, you maybe gonna getta married.  Then maybe somma day
you gonna comma home and finda you wife inna bed with another man.  Whatta
you gonna do then?  Looka atta you watch and say, `How longa you gonna be?'"


Those of you who think you know it all upset those of us who do.


Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance.


When a man grows old and his balls
	grow cold,			So find me a seat and stand me a drink
And the end of his knob turns blue;	And a tale to you I'll tell
When it's bent in the middle like a	Of Dead-eye Dick and Mexican Pete
	one-string fiddle,		And the gentle Eskimo Nell.
He can tell a tale or two.

When Dead-eye Dick and Mexican Pete
Go out in search of fun,		And when Dead-eye Dick and Mexican Pete
It's usually Dick who wields the prick	Are sore, depressed, and mad,
And Mexican Pete the gun.		'Tis the cunt that bears the brunt
					So the shooting ain't so bad.
There was rarely a day without a lay
And usually two or three		Now Dead-eye Dick and Mexican Pete
For Dead-eye Dick, his kingly prick	Had been hunting in Deadman's creek.
Was always like a tree.			And they'd had no luck in the way of
						a fuck
Just a moose or two and a caribou,	For nigh on half a week.
And a bison cow or so;
And for Dead-eye Dick with his kingly prick
This fucking was mighty slow.
		-- The Ballad of Eskimo Nell


It isn't easy being green.
		-- Kermit the Frog


Any program which runs right is obsolete.


You are transported to a room where you are faced by a wizard who
points to you and says, "Them's fighting words!"  You immediately get
attacked by all sorts of denizens of the museum: there is a cobra
chewing on your leg, a troglodyte is bashing your brains out with a
gold nugget, a crocodile is removing large chunks of flesh from you, a
rhinoceros is goring you with his horn, a sabre-tooth cat is busy
trying to disembowel you, you are being trampled by a large mammoth, a
vampire is sucking you dry, a Tyrannosaurus Rex is sinking his six inch
long fangs into various parts of your anatomy, a large bear is
dismembering your body, a gargoyle is bouncing up and down on your
head, a burly troll is tearing you limb from limb, several dire wolves
are making mince meat out of your torso, and the wizard is about to
transport you to the corner of Westwood and Broxton.  Oh dear, you seem
to have gotten yourself killed, as well.

You scored 0 out of 250 possible points.
That gives you a ranking of junior beginning adventurer.
To achieve the next higher rating, you need to score 32 more points.


QOTD:
	"My shampoo lasts longer than my relationships."


Your motives for doing whatever good deed you
may have in mind will be misinterpreted by somebody.


QOTD:
	"You want me to put *holes* in my ears and hang things from them?
	How...  tribal."


It takes little strain and no art
To bang out an echoing fart.
	The reaction is hearty
	When you fart at a party,
But the sensitive persons depart.


A man took his wife deer hunting for the first time.  After he'd given her
some basic instructions, they agreed to separate and rendezvous later.  Before
he left, he warned her if she should fell a deer to be wary of hunters who
might beat her to the carcass and claim the kill.  If that happened, he told
her, she should fire her gun three times into the air and he would come to
her aid.
	Shortly after they separated, he heard a single shot, followed quickly
by the agreed upon signal.  Running to the scene, he found his wife standing
in a small clearing with a very nervous man staring down her gun barrel.
	"He claims this is his," she said, obviously very upset.
	"She can keep it, she can keep it!" the wide-eyed man replied.  "I
just want to get my saddle back!"


You may carve it on his tombstone, you may cut it on his card
That a young man married is a young man marred.
		-- Rudyard Kipling, "The Story of the Gadsbys"


I should have been a country-western singer.  After all, I'm older than
most western countries.
		-- George Burns


The state of innocence contains the germs of all future sin.
		-- Alexandre Arnoux, "Etudes et caprices"


A list is only as strong as its weakest link.
		-- Donald E. Knuth


Having the fewest wants, I am nearest to the gods.
		-- Socrates


O'Riordan's Theorem:
	Brains x Beauty = Constant.

Purmal's Corollary:
	As the limit of (Brains x Beauty) goes to infinity,
availability goes to zero.


Any time things appear to be going better, you have overlooked
something.


	There was an Englishman, a Frenchman, and a Newfoundlander sitting in
a bar having a few drinks together.
	The Englishman turns to the Frenchman, "So tell me, what do you do to
drive your wife wild in bed?"
	"Well", replies the Frenchman, "After we make love, I go out to the
garden and pick some roses.  Then I take the petals off and put them all over
her body. then I gently blow them off with a soft, even breath, and that drives
her wild with desire."
	"Interesting," the Englishman replies.  "After my wife and I make love
I massage baby oil gently all over her body -- that works for me!"
Then the pair turn to the Newfie and ask him what he does.
	"Well...", he says, "when me and the old lady are through, I jump
out of bed and wipe my dick off on the curtain.  And that REALLY drives
her wild."


You have literary talent that you should take pains to develop.


Kitchen activity is highlighted.
Butter up a friend.


Easy come and easy go,
	some call me easy money,
Sometimes life is full of laughs,
	and sometimes it ain't funny
You may think that I'm a fool
	and sometimes that is true,
But I'm goin' to heaven in a flash of fire,
	with or without you.
		-- Hoyt Axton


Santa Claus is watching!


Football combines the two worst features of American life.
It is violence punctuated by committee meetings.
		-- George F. Will, "Men At Work:  The Craft of Baseball"


Dear Lord:
	I just want *_o_n_e* one-armed manager so I never have to hear "On
the other hand", again.


Fortune presents:
	USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #1.

^Cu vi parolas angle?			Do you speak English?
Mi ne komprenas.			I don't understand.
Vi estas la sola esperantisto kiun mi	You're the only Esperanto speaker
	renkontas.				I've met.
La ^ceko estas enpo^stigita.		The check is in the mail.
Oni ne povas, ^gin netrovi.		You can't miss it.
Mi nur rigardadas.			I'm just looking around.
Nu, ^sajnis bona ideo.			Well, it seemed like a good idea.


Hear about...
	the high school drum major who dated two of the majorettes and
	so enjoyed the breasts of both whirlers?


He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.
		-- Lao Tsu


I know on which side my bread is buttered.
		-- John Heywood


Every paper published in a respectable journal should have a preface by
the author stating why he is publishing the article, and what value he
sees in it.  I have no hope that this practice will ever be adopted.
		-- Morris Kline


I profoundly believe it takes a lot of practice to become a moral slob.
		-- William F. Buckley


If you don't do it, you'll never know what
would have happened if you had done it.


The Israelis are the Doberman pinschers of the Middle East.  They
treat the Arabs like postmen.
		-- Franklyn Ajaye


QOTD:
	"Ludwig Boltzmann, who spend much of his life studying statistical
	mechanics died in 1906 by his own hand.  Paul Ehrenfest, carrying
	on the work, died similarly in 1933.  Now it is our turn."
		-- Goodstein, States of Matter


QOTD:
	"What would the world be like without men?  A lot of fat,
	happy women."


CONSULTANT:
	[From con "to defraud, dupe, swindle," or, possibly, French con
	(vulgar) "a person of little merit" + sult elliptical form of
	"insult."]  A tipster disguised as an oracle, especially one who
	has learned to decamp at high speed in spite of a large briefcase
	and heavy wallet.


Asked by reporters about his upcoming marriage to a forty-two-year-old
woman, director Roman Polanski told reporters, "The way I look at it,
she's the equivalent of three fourteen-year-olds."
		-- David Letterman


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(29) The Los Angeles Raiders will never be the team they were when they
     called Oakland home.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


... But the reward of a successful collaboration is a thing that cannot
be produced by either of the parties working alone.  It is akin to the
benefits of sex with a partner, as opposed to masturbation.  The latter
is fun, but you show me anyone who has gotten a baby from playing with
him or herself, and I'll show you an ugly baby, with just a whole bunch
of knuckles.
		-- Harlan Ellison


The less time planning, the more time programming.


To see you is to sympathize.


If a shameless woman expects to be defiled and then dies of her fierce
love because you do not consent, will chastity also be homicide?
		-- Saint Augustine


Total strangers need love, too; and I'm stranger than most.


GEMINI (May 21 - June 20)
	You are a quick and intelligent thinker.  People like you because
you are bisexual.  However, you are inclined to expect too much for too
little.  This means you are cheap.  Geminis are known for committing incest.


Handsome woman. -- Lovely bust.
Fine young fellow. -- Stirred-up lust. --
	Babies' diapers. --
	Bottom wipers. --
Years of struggle. -- Coffin. -- Dust.


I know if you been talkin' you done said
just how surprised you wuz by the living dead.
You wuz surprised that they could understand you words
and never respond once to all the truth they heard.
But don't you get square!
There ain't no rule that says they got to care.
They can always swear they're deaf, dumb and blind.


There is plenty of time before progress goes too far.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


The Computer made me do it.


The six great gifts of an Irish girl are beauty, soft
voice, sweet speech, wisdom, needlework, and chastity.
		-- Theodore Roosevelt, 1907


What the hell is it good for?
		-- Robert Lloyd (engineer of the Advanced Computing Systems
		   Division of IBM), to colleagues who insisted that the
		   microprocessor was the wave of the future, c. 1968


Are there those in the land of the brave
Who can tell me how I should behave
	When I am disgraced
	Because I erased
A file I intended to save?


Felt tip, v.:
	Past tense for a breast examination!


Nasrudin walked into a shop one day, and the owner came forward to serve
him.  Nasrudin said, "First things first.  Did you see me walk into your
shop?"
	"Of course."
	"Have you ever seen me before?"
	"Never."
	"Then how do you know it was me?"


The Force is what holds everything together.
It has its dark side, and it has its light side.
It's sort of like cosmic duct tape.


Oh Lord, won't you buy me a 4BSD?
My friends all got sources, so why can't I see?
Come all you moby hackers, come sing it out with me:
To hell with the lawyers from AT&T!


There's nothing to writing.  All you do is sit at a typewriter
and open a vein.
		-- Red Smith


BASIC is the Computer Science equivalent of "Scientific Creationism."


A gentleman is a man who wouldn't hit a lady with his hat on.
		-- Evan Esar
		[ And why not?  For why does she have his hat on?  Ed.]


According to the Rand McNally Places-Rated Almanac, the best place to live in
America is the city of Pittsburgh.  The city of New York came in twenty-fifth.
Here in New York we really don't care too much. Because we know that we could
beat up their city anytime.
		-- David Letterman


Some people only open up to tell you that they're closed.


It is hard to predict, in particular about the future.
		-- Robert Storm Petersen


GNU Make will no longer go into an infinite loop when fed the horrid
trash that passes for makefiles that `imake' produces (so you can
compile X, despite the extreme stubbornness and irrationality of its
maintainers).
		-- GNU Make 3.55 release notes


The philosopher's treatment of a question
is like the treatment of an illness.
		-- Wittgenstein


Scintillate, scintillate, globule vivific,
Fain how I pause at your nature specific,
Loftily poised in the ether capacious,
Highly resembling a gem carbonaceous.
Scintillate, scintillate, globule vivific,
Fain how I pause at your nature specific.


When in doubt, use brute force.
		-- Ken Thompson


If a listener nods his head when you're
explaining your program, wake him up.


The One Page Principle:
	A specification that will not fit on one page of 8.5x11 inch paper
	cannot be understood.
		-- Mark Ardis


A day without sunshine is like a day without orange juice.


The average woman must inevitably view her actual husband with a certain
disdain; he is anything but her ideal.  In consequence, she cannot help
feeling that her children are cruelly handicapped by the fact that he is
their father.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Command, n.:
	Statement presented by a human and accepted by a computer in
	such a manner as to make the human feel as if he is in control.


Tom's hungry, time to eat lunch.


	Penn's aunts made great apple pies at low prices.  No one else in
town could compete with the pie rates of Penn's aunts.
	During the American Revolution, a Britisher tried to raid a farm.  He
stumbled across a rock on the ground and fell, whereupon an aggressive Rhode
Island Red hopped on top.  Seeing this, the farmer commented, "Chicken catch
a Tory!"
	A wife started serving chopped meat, Monday hamburger, Tuesday meat
loaf, Wednesday tartar steak, and Thursday meatballs.  On Friday morning her
husband snarled, "How now, ground cow?"
	A journalist, thrilled over his dinner, asked the chef for the recipe.
Retorted the chef, "Sorry, we have the same policy as you journalists, we
never reveal our sauce."
	A new chef from India was fired a week after starting the job.  He
kept favoring curry.
	A couple of kids tried using pickles instead of paddles for a Ping-Pong
game.  They had the volley of the Dills.


Professor Gorden Newell threw another shutout in last week's Chem Eng. 130
midterm.  Once again a student did not receive a single point on his exam.
Newell has now tossed 5 shutouts this quarter.  Newell's earned exam average
has now dropped to a phenomenal 30%.


It was a warm, sunny Sunday, and a man and his wife decided to take in the zoo.
They spent the day, and at closing time they walked past the gorilla cage, and
the man noticed the gorilla looking at his wife.  "That gorilla is getting
excited just looking at your tits," he said.  "Why don't you take your blouse
off and we'll see what he does?"
	At first she refused.  But finally persuaded by her husband, she took
off her blouse and bra.  The gorilla went nuts.  He started grunting and
jumping up and down.
	"Hey," the husband said, "let's really blow his mind.  Take off all
your clothes and we'll see what he does."
	Again she said no and again he persuaded her.  This time the ape
really went bananas!  He climbed up and down the bars, did flips, ran around
in circles and tossed his food all over the cage.  The husband went over to
the cage, opened the door and pushed his wife in.
	"Now," said the husband, "tell that motherfucker you have a headache!"


This fortune soaks up 47 times its own weight in excess memory.


I don't understand what all the fuss was about in Los Angeles.
It's not like we looted Brooks Brothers when Oliver North got off.
		-- P.J. O'Rourke


There is a vast difference between the savage and civilized man, but it
is never apparent to their wives until after breakfast.
		-- Helen Rowland


As you know, birds do not have sexual organs because they would
interfere with flight.  [In fact, this was the big breakthrough for the
Wright Brothers.  They were watching birds one day, trying to figure
out how to get their crude machine to fly, when suddenly it dawned on
Wilbur.  "Orville," he said, "all we have to do is remove the sexual
organs!"  You should have seen their original design.]  As a result,
birds are very, very difficult to arouse sexually.  You almost never
see an aroused bird.  So when they want to reproduce, birds fly up and
stand on telephone lines, where they monitor telephone conversations
with their feet.  When they find a conversation in which people are
talking dirty, they grip the line very tightly until they are both
highly aroused, at which point the female gets pregnant.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sex and the Single Amoeba: What Every
		   Teen Should Know"


Mad, adj.:
	Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Teaching undergraduates is like herding sheep.  And, like the old Basque
sheepherder explained, whenever the livestock starts looking good to you,
it's time to spend a night in town.


The Kennedy Constant:
	Don't get mad -- get even.


HERMIT:
	A man who'd rather get off by himself.


Matter cannot be created or destroyed,
nor can it be returned without a receipt.


Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	You wouldn't understand.
	You ask too many questions.
	In order to be a man, you have to learn to follow orders.
	That's for me to know and you to find out.
	Don't let those bullies push you around.  Go in there and stick
		up for yourself.
	You're acting too big for your britches.
	Well, you broke it.  Now are you satisfied?
	Wait till your father gets home.
	Bored?  If you're bored, I've got some chores for you.
	Shape up or ship out.


Why don't somebody print the truth about our present economic condition?
We spent years of wild buying on credit, everything under the sun, whether
we needed it or not, and now we are having to pay for it, howling like a
pet coon.  This would be a great world to dance in if we didn't have to
pay the fiddler.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


It is possible by ingenuity and at the expense of clarity... {to do almost
anything in any language}.  However, the fact that it is possible to push
a pea up a mountain with your nose does not mean that this is a sensible
way of getting it there.  Each of these techniques of language extension
should be used in its proper place.
		-- Christopher Strachey


I don't know why women get so upset, they have half the
money and all the pussy.
		-- Gary Bussy, "DC Cab"


Pie are not square.  Pie are round.  Cornbread are square.


Pure drivel tends to drive ordinary drivel off of the TV screen.


You can destroy your now by worrying about tomorrow.
		-- Janis Joplin


The other day I put instant coffee in my microwave oven ... I almost
went back in time.
		-- Steven Wright


So many women, so little nerve.


Q:	What is printed on the bottom of beer bottles in Minnesota?
A:	Open other end.


Computers are not intelligent.  They only think they are.


If I 'cp /bin/csh /dev/audio' shouldn't I hear the ocean?
		-- Danno Coppock


"Well, well, well!  Well if it isn't fat stinking billy goat Billy Boy in
poison!  How art thou, thou globby bottle of cheap stinking chip oil?  Come
and get one in the yarbles, if ya have any yarble, ya eunuch jelly thou!"
		-- Alex in "Clockwork Orange"


Love America - or give it back.


	"What do you give a man who has everything?" the pretty teenager
asked her mother.
	"Encouragement, dear," she replied.


Peeping Tom:
	A window fan.


More computing sins are committed in the name of efficiency (without
necessarily achieving it) than for any other single reason -- including
blind stupidity.
		-- W. A. Wulf


Q:	What's the difference between "Oooh" and "Aaah"?
A:	About three inches.


I own my own body, but I share.


Nothing is as simple as it seems at first
	Or as hopeless as it seems in the middle
		Or as finished as it seems in the end.


The New York Times is read by the people who run the country.  The
Washington Post is read by the people who think they run the country.
The National Enquirer is read by the people who think Elvis is alive
and running the country ...
		-- Robert J. Woodhead


The person who's taking you to lunch has no intention of paying.


Everyone knows that dragons don't exist.  But while this simplistic
formulation may satisfy the layman, it does not suffice for the
scientific mind.  The School of Higher Neantical Nillity is in fact
wholly unconcerned with what _d_o_e_s exist.  Indeed, the banality of
existence has been so amply demonstrated, there is no need for us to
discuss it any further here.  The brilliant Cerebron, attacking the
problem analytically, discovered three distinct kinds of dragon: the
mythical, the chimerical, and the purely hypothetical.  They were all,
one might say, nonexistent, but each nonexisted in an entirely
different way ...
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


Q:	What is purple and commutes?
A:	An Abelian grape.


Think twice before speaking, but don't say "think think click click".


There's no real need to do housework -- after four years it doesn't get
any worse.


	While the engineer developed his thesis, the director leaned over to
his assistant and whispered, "Did you ever hear of why the sea is salt?"
	"Why the sea is salt?" whispered back the assistant.  "What do you
mean?"
	The director continued: "When I was a little kid, I heard the story of
`Why the sea is salt' many times, but I never thought it important until just
a moment ago.  It's something like this: Formerly the sea was fresh water and
salt was rare and expensive.  A miller received from a wizard a wonderful
machine that just ground salt out of itself all day long.  At first the miller
thought himself the most fortunate man in the world, but soon all the villages
had salt to last them for centuries and still the machine kept on grinding
more salt.  The miller had to move out of his house, he had to move off his
acres.  At last he determined that he would sink the machine in the sea and
be rid of it.  But the mill ground so fast that boat and miller and machine
were sunk together, and down below, the mill still went on grinding and that's
why the sea is salt."
	"I don't get you," said the assistant.
		-- Guy Endore, "Men of Iron"


Patch griefs with proverbs.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Much Ado About Nothing"


The Right Honorable Gentleman is indebted to his memory for his jests
and to his imagination for his facts.
		-- Sheridan


If you cannot in the long run tell everyone
what you have been doing, your doing was worthless.
		-- Edwin Schrodinger


The person who marries for money usually earns every penny of it.


The more I learn about women, the more I love my dog.


Deliver yesterday, code today, think tomorrow.


Some scholars are like donkeys, they merely carry a lot of books.
		-- Folk saying


In a surprise raid last night, federal agent's ransacked a house in search
of a rebel computer hacker.  However, they were unable to complete the arrest
because the warrant was made out in the name of Don Provan, while the only
person in the house was named don provan.  Proving, once again, that Unix is
superior to Tops10.


DALLAS:
	The city that chose Astroturf to
	keep the cheerleaders from grazing.


Q:	Why was Cinderella banished from the Magic Kingdom?
A:	For sitting on Pinocchio's face and screaming, "Tell the truth!
	Tell a lie!  Tell the truth!  Tell a lie!"


Why does New Jersey have more toxic waste dumps and California have
more lawyers?

New Jersey had first choice.


Q:	Why do Scotsmen wear kilts?
A:	Because a sheep can hear the sound of a zipper from fifty feet away.
		-- Iain MacKintosh, Glasgow folksinger


QOTD:
	"I'll listen to reason when it comes out on CD."


(defun NF (a c)
  (cond ((null c) () )
	((atom (car c))
	  (append (list (eval (list 'getchar (list (car c) 'a) (cadr c))))
		 (nf a (cddr c))))
	(t (append (list (implode (nf a (car c)))) (nf a (cdr c))))))

(defun AD (want-job challenging boston-area)
  (cond
   ((or (not (equal want-job 'yes))
	(not (equal boston-area 'yes))
	(lessp challenging 7)) () )
   (t (append (nf  (get 'ad 'expr)
	  '((caaddr 1 caadr 2 car 1 car 1)
	    (car 5 cadadr 9 cadadr 8 cadadr 9 caadr 4 car 2 car 1)
	    (car 2 caadr 4)))
      (list '851-5071x2661)))))
;;;     We are an affirmative action employer.


I hope you're not pretending to be evil while
secretly being good.  That would be dishonest.


Whenever you find that you are on the
side of the majority, it is time to reform.
		-- Mark Twain


[Nuclear war] ... may not be desirable.
		-- Edwin Meese III


Remember when you were a kid and the boys didn't like the girls?  Only
sissies liked girls?  What I'm trying to tell you is that nothing's
changed.  You think boys grow out of not liking girls, but we don't
grow out of it.  We just grow horny.  That's the problem.  We mix up
liking pussy for liking girls.  Believe me, one couldn't have less to
do with the other.
		-- Jules Feiffer


What is now proved was once only imagin'd.
		-- William Blake


Never worry about theory as long as the
machinery does what it's supposed to do.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


I love you, not only for what you are,
but for what I am when I am with you.
		-- Roy Croft


And if you wonder,
What I am doing,
As I am heading for the sink.
I am spitting out all the bitterness,
Along with half of my last drink.


Did you hear they canceled Easter this year?
Found the body.


Dear Emily, what about test messages?
		-- Concerned

Dear Concerned:
	It is important, when testing, to test the entire net.  Never test
merely a subnet distribution when the whole net can be done.  Also put "please
ignore" on your test messages, since we all know that everybody always skips
a message with a line like that.  Don't use a subject like "My sex is female
but I demand to be addressed as male." because such articles are read in depth
by all USEnauts.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette


Why am I so soft in the middle when the rest of my life is so hard?
		-- Paul Simon


If you are going to walk on thin ice, you may as well dance.


You shouldn't wallow in self-pity.  But it's OK to put
your feet in it and swish them around a little.
		-- Guindon


No problem is insoluble in all conceivable circumstances.


Q:	How many Harvard MBAs does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	Just one.  He grasps it firmly and the universe revolves around him.


One of the rules of Busmanship, New York style, is never surrender your
seat to another passenger.  This may seem callous, but it is the best
way, really.  If one passenger were to give a seat to someone who fainted
in the aisle, say, the others on the bus would become disoriented and
imagine they were in Topeka Kansas.


What this country needs is a dime that will buy a good five-cent bagel.


Upon leaving a hotel bar one evening, an executive noticed a drunk sitting
on the edge of a potted palm in the lobby, crying like a baby.  Because he'd
had a couple himself that night, and was feeling rather sorry for his fellow
man, he asked the inebriated one what the trouble was.
	"I did a terrible thing tonight," sniffled the drunk.  "I sold my
wife to a guy for a bottle of Scotch."
	"That is terrible," said the man, too much under the weather to
muster any real indignation.  "And now that she's gone, you wish you had her
back."
	"Thas right," said the drunk, still sniffling.
	"You're sorry you sold her, because you realize too late that you
love her," sympathized the executive.
	"No, no," said the drunk.  "I wish I had her back because I'm
thirsty again."


The temperature of the aqueous content of an unremittingly ogled
culinary vessel will not achieve 100 degrees on the Celsius scale.


Scenary is here, wish you were beautiful.


