It's a very *_U_N*lucky week in which to be took dead.
		-- Churchy La Femme


Johnson's law:
	Systems resemble the organizations that create them.


	We have some absolutely irrefutable statistics to show exactly why
you are so tired.
	There are not as many people actually working as you may have thought.
	The population of this country is 200 million.  84 million are over
60 years of age, which leaves 116 million to do the work.  People under 20
years of age total 75 million, which leaves 41 million to do the work.
	There are 22 million who are employed by the government, which leaves
19 million to do the work.  Four million are in the Armed Services, which
leaves 15 million to do the work.  Deduct 14,800,000, the number in the state
and city offices, leaving 200,000 to do the work.  There are 188,000 in
hospitals, insane asylums, etc., so that leaves 12,000 to do the work.
	Now it may interest you to know that there are 11,998 people in jail,
so that leaves just 2 people to carry the load. That is you and me, and
brother, I'm getting tired of doing everything myself!


We are all so much together and yet we are all dying of loneliness.
		-- Albert Schweitzer


I have defined the hundred per cent American as ninety-nine per
cent an idiot.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


At the end of your life there'll be a good rest,
and no further activities are scheduled.


Actors will happen even in the best-regulated families.


Jimmy Carter, Ted Kennedy, Gary Hart, Joseph Biden and Michael Dukakis were
on a cruise down the Potomac when the ship struck a rock and began to sink.
	"Gentlemen," Carter said, "as good Christians, we should let the
women and children aboard the lifeboats first."
	"Fuck the women!" Kennedy shouted.
	"Do we have time?" Hart asked.
	"Do we have time?" Biden asked.
	"Did everyone hear that?" Dukakis asked.


Your chances of getting hit by lightning go up if you stand under a tree,
shake your fist at the sky, and say, "Storms suck!"
		-- Johnny Carson


Q:	What does a blonde do first thing in the morning?
A:	She goes home.

Q:	Why does a blonde have fur on the hem of her dress?
A:	To keep her neck warm.

Q:	How do you make a blonde laugh on Monday?
A:	Tell her a joke on Friday.


It seems appropriate to me that Mapplethorpe's perverse images should
be situated so close to Congress, which perpetuates a number of
unnatural acts upon the body politic every day, without benefit of
artificial lubrication or foreplay.
		-- Pat Calafia's review of Camille Paglia's
		   "Sex, Art and American Culture"


Breadth-first search is the bulldozer of science.
		-- Randy Goebel


A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
Therefore, a man without a woman is like a bicycle without a fish.


Maybe if the guy who developed Twinkies hadn't had such a low
opinion of himself they would have been an inch or two longer!


After cocktails in the Oak Room, the graying millionaire took the blond,
attractive, wholesome, winning young woman up to his suite.  They chatted
for a while, and then kissed on the couch.  A little fondling, some feeling
and petting ... to which the young lady lent herself shyly ... and then they
were in the wide, cool bed, naked together.  They chatted more, established
a communion, a rapport the older man considered remarkably gratifying.  The
girl seemed sympatico, innocent, good.
	"Yes, that was it," he thought, "essentially good.  Why, she could
be my own daughter."  He smiled into the young girl's deep blue eyes.
	"Tell me," he asked, his hand on her breast, "What's a nice girl
like you doing in a hotel like this?"
	"Oh, about $2000 a week, with tips."


If you didn't have to work so hard,
you'd have more time to be depressed.


Q:	How many gradual (sorry, that's supposed to be "graduate") students
	does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	"I'm afraid we don't know, but make my stipend tax-free, give my
	advisor a $30,000 grant of the taxpayer's money, and I'm sure he
	can tell me how to do the shit work for him so he can take the
	credit for answering this incredibly vital question."


You can't learn too soon that the most useful thing about a principle
is that it can always be sacrificed to expediency.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham, "The Circle"


			Pittsburgh driver's test
10: Potholes are
	a) extremely dangerous.
	b) patriotic.
	c) the fault of the previous administration.
	d) all going to be fixed next summer.
The correct answer is b.
Potholes destroy unpatriotic, unamerican, imported cars, since the holes
are larger than the cars.  If you drive a big, patriotic, American car
you have nothing to worry about.


Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow we diet.


Knowledge is power.
		-- Francis Bacon


A continuing flow of paper is sufficient to continue the flow of paper.
		-- Dyer


I argue very well.  Ask any of my remaining friends.  I can win an
argument on any topic, against any opponent.  People know this, and
steer clear of me at parties.  Often, as a sign of their great respect,
they don't even invite me.
		-- Dave Barry


Why do they call it baby-SITTING when all you do is run after them?


Established technology tends to persist in the face of new technology.
		-- G. Blaauw, one of the designers of System 360


Man proposes, God disposes.
		-- Thomas a Kempis


I never failed to convince an audience that the best thing they
could do was to go away.


One man's constant is another man's variable.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


They sentenced me to twenty years of boredom for trying to change the
system from within.  I'm coming now I'm coming to reward them.  First
we take Manhattan, then we take Berlin.

I'm guided by a signal in the heavens.  I'm guided by this birthmark on
my skin.  I'm guided by the beauty of our weapons.  First we take Manhattan,
then we take Berlin.

I'd really like to live beside you, baby.  I love your body and your spirit
and your clothes.  But you see that line there moving through the station?
I told you I told you I told you I was one of those.
		-- Leonard Cohen, "First We Take Manhattan"


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL:		#14
	The Baby Ruth candy bar was not named after George Herman "The Babe"
Ruth, but after the oldest daughter of President Grover Cleveland.


I used to be a rebel in my youth.
This cause... that cause... (chuckle) I backed 'em ALL!  But I learned.
Rebellion is simply a device used by the immature to hide from his own
problems.  So I lost interest in politics.  Now when I feel aroused by
a civil rights case or a passport hearing... I realize it's just a device.
I go to my analyst and we work it out.  You have no idea how much better
I feel these days.
		-- J. Feiffer


If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.


Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.
		-- Euripides


If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars.
		-- J. Paul Getty


I had a feeling once about mathematics -- that I saw it all.  Depth beyond
depth was revealed to me -- the Byss and the Abyss. I saw -- as one might
see the transit of Venus or even the Lord Mayor's Show -- a quantity passing
through infinity and changing its sign from plus to minus.  I saw exactly
why it happened and why tergiversation was inevitable -- but it was after
dinner and I let it go.
		-- Winston Churchill


It seems to me that nearly every woman I know wants a man who knows how
to love with authority.  Women are simple souls who like simple things,
and one of the simplest is one of the simplest to give.  ...  Our family
airedale will come clear across the yard for one pat on the head.  The
average wife is like that.
		-- Episcopal Bishop James Pike


Hors d'oeuvres -- a ham sandwich cut into forty pieces.
		-- Jack Benny


I never pray before meals -- my mom's a good cook.


FOR SALE:
	Parachute.  Used once.
	Never opened.  Slightly Stained.


The King and his advisor are overlooking the battle field:

King:		"How goes the battle plan?"
Advisor:	"See those little black specks running to the right?"
K:	"Yes."
A:	"Those are their guys. And all those little red specks running
	to the left are our guys. Then when they collide we wait till
	the dust clears."
K:	"And?"
A:	"If there are more red specks left than black specks, we win."
K:	"But what about the ^#!!$% battle plan?"
A:	"So far, it seems to be going according to specks."


If Love Were Oil, I'd Be About A Quart Low
		-- Book title by Lewis Grizzard


Smile, Cthulhu Loathes You.


	Listen, Tyrone, you don't know how dangerous that stuff is.
Suppose someday you just plug in and go away and never come back?  Eh?
	Ho, ho!  Don't I wish!  What do you think every electrofreak
dreams about?  You're such an old fuddyduddy!  A-and who sez it's a
dream, huh?  M-maybe it exists.  Maybe there is a Machine to take us
away, take us completely, suck us out through the electrodes out of
the skull 'n' into the Machine and live there forever with all the
other souls it's got stored there.  It could decide who it would suck
out, a-and when.  Dope never gave you immortality.  You hadda come
back, every time, into a dying hunk of smelly meat!  But We can live
forever, in a clean, honest, purified, Electroworld.
		-- Thomas Pynchon, "Gravity's Rainbow"


Mencken and Nathan's Ninth Law of The Average American:
	The quality of a champagne is judged by the amount of noise the
	cork makes when it is popped.


Pro is to con as progress is to Congress.


BASIC is to computer programming as QWERTY is to typing.
		-- Seymour Papert


I've never been drunk, but often I've been overserved.
		-- George Gobel


It was all so different before everything changed.


APHASIA:
	Loss of speech in social scientists when asked
	at parties, "But of what use is your research?"


I will not say that women have no character; rather, they have a new
one every day.
		-- Heine


Let's just be friends and make no special effort to ever see each other again.


A gentleman is a man who wouldn't hit a lady with his hat on.
		-- Evan Esar
		[ And why not?  For why does she have his hat on?  Ed.]


It seems that more and more mathematicians are using a new, high level
language named "research student".


Andrea: Unhappy the land that has no heroes.
Galileo: No, unhappy the land that _n_e_e_d_s heroes.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "Life of Galileo"


Kirk to Enterprise -- beam down yeoman Rand and a six-pack.


Walk softly and carry a megawatt laser.


This is not the age of pamphleteers. It is the age of the engineers.  The
spark-gap is mightier than the pen.  Democracy will not be salvaged by men
who talk fluently, debate forcefully and quote aptly.
		-- Lancelot Hogben, Science for the Citizen, 1938


If you drink, don't park.  Accidents make people.


DEJA VU:
	French., already seen; unoriginal; trite.
	Psychol., The illusion of having previously experienced
	something actually being encountered for the first time.
	Psychol., The illusion of having previously experienced
	something actually being encountered for the first time.


Every morning is a Smirnoff morning.


Weinberg's Second Law:
	If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs,
	then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization.
		-- Gerald Weinberg


Doing business with the government is like fucking sheep.
It's easy, but it's not very satisfying.


Yes, but which self do you want to be?


Olivier's Law:
	Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.


Q:	What do a walrus and a tupperware container have in common?
A:	They both like a tight seal.


	A horse breeder has his young colts bottle-fed after they're three
days old.  He heard that a foal and his mummy are soon parted.


ANDROPHOBIA:
	Fear of men.


The only two things that motivate me and that matter to me are revenge
and guilt.
		-- Elvis Costello


Federal grants are offered for... research into the recreation
potential of interplanetary space travel for the culturally
disadvantaged.


Herth's Law:
	He who turns the other cheek too far gets it in the neck.


Those who talk don't know.  Those who don't talk, know.


Women are just like men, only different.


We thrive on euphemism.  We call multi-megaton bombs "Peace-keepers", closet
size apartments "efficient" and incomprehensible artworks "innovative".  In
fact, "euphemism" has become a euphemism for "bald-faced lie".  And now, here
are the euphemisms so colorfully employed in Personal Ads:

EUPHEMISM			REALITY
-------------------		-------------------------
Independent thinker		Crazy
High spirited			Crazy and hyperactive
Free spirited			Crazy and irresponsible
Outrageous			Crazy and obnoxious
Exotic				Crazy with a pierced nose/nipple
Cuddly				Overweight
Huggable/Zaftig/Rubenesque	Fat (there's a lot to love)
Big and beautiful		Really Fat
Fat 'n' sassy			Really Fat and loud
Svelte/Slender			Anorexic
Dynamic				Pushy
Assertive			Pushy with a mean streak
Feisty/Ambitious		Would kill own mother for next corporate rung
Demanding			Will make your life a living hell
Looking for Mr./Ms. Right	Looking for Mr./Ms. Rich


A novice of the temple once approached the Chief Priest with a question.

"Master, does Emacs have the Buddha nature?" the novice asked.

The Chief Priest had been in the temple for many years and could be
relied upon to know these things.  He thought for several minutes
before replying.

"I don't see why not.  It's got bloody well everything else."

With that, the Chief Priest went to lunch.  The novice suddenly achieved
enlightenment, several years later.

Commentary:

His Master is kind,
Answering his FAQ quickly,
With thought and sarcasm.


Seminars, n.:
	From "semi" and "arse", hence, any half-assed discussion.


To any truly impartial person, it would
be obvious that I am always right.


Mandrell: "You know what I think?"
Doctor:   "Ah, ah that's a catch question.  With a brain your size you
	  don't think, right?"
		-- "Doctor Who"


I'll rob that rich person and give it to some poor deserving slob.
That will *prove* I'm Robin Hood.
		-- Daffy Duck, "Robin Hood Daffy", [1958, Chuck Jones]


And now your toner's toney,		Disk blocks aplenty
And your paper near pure white,		Await your laser drawn lines,
The smudges on your soul are gone	Your intricate fonts,
And your output's clean as light..	Your pictures and signs.

We've labored with your father,		Your amputative absence
The venerable XGP,			Has made the Ten dumb,
But his slow artistic hand,		Without you, Dover,
Lacks your clean velocity.		We're system untounged-

Theses and papers			DRAW Plots and TEXage
And code in a queue			Have been biding their time,
Dover, oh Dover,			With LISP code and programs,
We've been waiting for you.		And this crufty rhyme.

Dover, oh Dover,		Dover, oh Dover, arisen from dead.
We welcome you back,		Dover, oh Dover, awoken from bed.
Though still you may jam,	Dover, oh Dover, welcome back to the Lab.
You're on the right track.	Dover, oh Dover, we've missed your clean
					hand...


Go out with girls Dutch treat -- pay for dinner, drinks,
and the movie, and the rest of the evening is on her.


The Tao doesn't take sides;
it gives birth to both wins and losses.
The Guru doesn't take sides;
she welcomes both hackers and lusers.

The Tao is like a stack:
the data changes but not the structure.
the more you use it, the deeper it becomes;
the more you talk of it, the less you understand.

Hold on to the root.


Auribus teneo lupum.
[I hold a wolf by the ears.]


The seven year itch comes from fooling around during the fourth, fifth,
and sixth years.


The amount of time between slipping on the peel and landing on the
pavement is precisely 1 bananosecond.


You can't fall off the floor.


Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation...  The other eight are
unimportant.
		-- Henry Miller


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"After three days without programming, life becomes meaningless."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Just because the message may never be
received does not mean it is not worth sending.


Shamus: A shamus is a guy who takes care of handyman tasks around the
temple, and makes sure everything is in working order.  A shamus is at
the bottom of the pecking order of synagogue functionaries, and there's
a joke about that:

A rabbi, to show his humility before God, cries out in the middle of a
service,
	"Oh, Lord, I am nobody!"
The cantor, not to be bested, also cries out,
	"Oh, Lord, I am nobody!"
The shamus, deeply moved, follows suit and cries,
	"Oh, Lord, I am nobody!"
The rabbi turns to the cantor and says,
	"Look who thinks he's nobody!"
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


Vidi, vici, veni.
(I saw, I conquered, I came.)


It was a fine, sweet night, the nicest since my divorce, maybe the nicest
since the middle of my marriage.  There was energy, softness, grace and
laughter.  I even took my socks off.  In my circle, that means class.
		-- Andrew Bergman "The Big Kiss-off of 1944"


The Italian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest, "I Can't Get No
Contraception", has been withdrawn after the Pope advised them to
pull it out at the last minute.
		-- Not the Nine O'Clock News


Hear about...
	the drunken midget who walked into a home for girls and kissed
	everybody in the joint?


Slowly and surely the Unix crept up on the Nintendo user ...


I allow the world to live as it chooses,
and I allow myself to live as I choose.


He's gallantry personified, in fact, his brochures ought to
read satisfaction guaranteed, or your virginity returned intact.


George Washington not only chopped down his father's cherry tree, but
he also admitted doing it.  Now, do you know why his father didn't
punish him?  Because George still had the axe in his hand.


Most people can't understand how others can blow their noses differently
than they do.
		-- Turgenev


Be valiant, but not too venturous.
Let thy attire be comely, but not costly.
		-- John Lyly


Hear about...
	the new vitamin made from chicken blood,
	it makes men cocky and women lay better?


I suppose some of the variation between Boston drivers and the rest of the
country is due to the progressive Massachusetts Driver Education Manual which
I happen to have in my top desk drawer.  Some of the Tips for Better Driving
are worth considering, to wit:

[131.16d]:
	"Directional signals are generally not used except during vehicle
	inspection; however, a left-turn signal is appropriate when making
	a U-turn on a divided highway."

[96.7b]:
	"When paying tolls, remember that it is necessary to release the
	quarter a full 3 seconds before passing the basket if you are
	traveling more than 60 MPH."


A man with no arms walked into a bar and asked for a beer.  The bartender
shoved the foaming glass in front of him.
	"Look," said the customer, "I have no arms -- would you please hold
the glass for me?
	"Sure," said the bartender.
	"If," said the customer, "you'll reach in my right hand coat pocket,
you'll find the money for the beer."
	The bartender got the money and rang up the bill.
	"You've been very kind," said the customer. "Just one thing more.
Where is the men's room?"
	"Up the street to the light," said the bartender, "turn left, walk
two blocks, and there's a gas station on the corner."


Nine out of ten men who preferred Camels have switched back to women.


A real gentleman never takes bases unless he really has to.
		-- Overheard in an algebra lecture


I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did.
I said I didn't know.
		-- Mark Twain


Oh wearisome condition of humanity!
Born under one law, to another bound.
		-- Fulke Greville, Lord Brooke


C'est magnifique, mais ce n'est pas la guerre!


Alaska, where Moosehead isn't a beer, it's a misdemeanor.

Q:	You know how to figure out if your lover's been "involved"?
A:	Antler marks on their hips.


This sentence does in fact not have the property it claims not to have.


Revenge is a meal best served cold.


Speaking as someone who has delved into the intricacies of PL/I, I am sure
that only Real Men could have written such a machine-hogging, cycle-grabbing,
all-encompassing monster.  Allocate an array and free the middle third?
Sure!  Why not?  Multiply a character string times a bit string and assign the
result to a float decimal?  Go ahead!  Free a controlled variable procedure
parameter and reallocate it before passing it back?  Overlay three different
types of variable on the same memory location?  Anything you say!  Write a
recursive macro?  Well, no, but Real Men use rescan.  How could a language
so obviously designed and written by Real Men not be intended for Real Man use?


The blind daters had really hit it off and at the end of the evening, as
they were beginning to undress each other in his apartment, the fellow said,
	"Before we go any further, Charmaine, tell me -- do you have
any special fetishes that I should take into account in bed?"
	"As a matter of fact," smiled the girl, "I do happen to have a foot
fetish -- but I suppose I'd settle for maybe seven or eight inches."


In war it is not men, but the man who counts.
		-- Napoleon


If you find for your verse there's no call,
And you can't afford paper at all,
	For the true poet born,
	However forlorn,
There is always the lavat'ry wall.


It's gonna be alright,
It's almost midnight,
And I've got two more bottles of wine.


When you make your mark in the world,
watch out for guys with erasers.
		-- The Wall Street Journal


Graphics blind the eyes.
Audio files deafen the ear.
Mouse clicks numb the fingers.
Heuristics weaken the mind.
Options wither the heart.

The Guru observes the net
but trusts his inner vision.
He allows things to come and go.
His heart is as open as the ether.


Before really embarking on a sizeable project, in particular before
starting the large investment of coding, try to kill the project
first.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, EWD1308


NOTE:  No warranties, either express or implied, are hereby given.
All software is supplied as is, without guarantee.  The user assumes
all responsibility for damages resulting from the use of these
features, including, but not limited to, frustration, disgust, system
abends, disk head-crashes, general malfeasance, floods, fires, shark
attack, nerve gas, locust infestation, cyclones, hurricanes, tsunamis,
local electromagnetic disruptions, hydraulic brake system failure,
invasion, hashing collisions, normal wear and tear of friction
surfaces, comic radiation, inadvertent destruction of sensitive
electronic components, windstorms, the Riders of Nazgul, infuriated
chickens, malfunctioning mechanical or electrical sexual devices,
premature activation of the distant early warning system, peasant
uprisings, halitosis, artillery bombardment, explosions, cave-ins,
and/or frogs falling from the sky.


A bird in the bush usually has a friend in there with him.


Today is a good day to bribe a high-ranking public official.


Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
		-- Albert Einstein


The investment community feels very putupon.  They feel there is no
reason why they shouldn't earn $1 million to $200 million a year,
and they don't want to be held responsible for the global financial
meltdown.
		-- Daniel Fass, Chairman of United States President
		   Barack Obama's financial-industry fundraising party
		   20 October 2009


The two couples were enjoying their vacation together at a resort hotel.  They
were in the middle of a game of Scrabble in the lobby when a thunderstorm cut
off the hotel's electricity, leaving little to do but retire to their rooms.
Bill was a rather devout man, so before getting into bed with his companion,
he said his prayers.  As he got under the covers, the lightning suddenly
flashed through the window and he discovered that he was in the wrong room.
He instantly jumped up and started to dash for the hallway.  "It's too late,
called the girl from the bed, "my guy doesn't pray."


Certain passages in several laws have always defied interpretation and
the most inexplicable must be a matter of opinion.  A judge of the Court
of Session of Scotland has sent the editors of this book his candidate
which reads, "In the Nuts (unground), (other than ground nuts) Order,
the expression nuts shall have reference to such nuts, other than ground
nuts, as would but for this amending Order not qualify as nuts
(unground) (other than ground nuts) by reason of their being nuts
(unground)."
		-- Guinness Book of World Records, 1973


You have junk mail.


Remember, UNIX spelled backwards is XINU.
		-- Mt.


Shit happens.


A friend is a present you give yourself.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson


You never learned anything by doing it right.


Disco is to music what Etch-A-Sketch is to art.


If you can read this, you're too close.


In every non-trivial program there is at least one bug.


YOUR FOAMY FUTURE
	by Miss Fortune

CANCER (Jun 22 - July 22)
	You've been awarded a clean bill of health this month and you feel
you owe it all to the excessive amount of Vitamin B, Iron, and Malt you get
in your beer.  Being healthy is admirable but don't you think you're going
to feel stupid one day lying in a hospital dying of nothing?

LEO (July 23 - August 22)
	You will soon acquire a large sum of money and will be in seventh
heaven as you head to the nearest Liquor Barn and buy all the beer they have
in stock.  Whoever said money couldn't buy happiness didn't know where to
shop.

VIRGO (August 23 - September 22)
	Your late night, beer drinking, "life in the fast lane" parties are
affecting your job production the next morning.  You feel a nine to five job
is not for a "party animal" such as yourself and may feel the need for a
career change.  Just remember, people who work sitting down get paid more
than people who work standing up.


