When properly administered, vacations do not diminish productivity: for
every week you're away and get nothing done, there's another when your boss
is away and you get twice as much done.
		-- Daniel B. Luten


	An old maid wanted to travel by bus to the pet cemetery with the
remains of her cat.  As she boarded the bus, she whispered to the driver,
"I have a dead pussy."
	The driver pointed to the woman in the seat behind him and said,
"Sit with my wife.  You two have a lot in common."


As goatherd learns his trade by goat, so writer learns his trade by wrote.


A sect or party is an elegant incognito devised to save a man from
the vexation of thinking.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Journals" (1831)


Parents often talk about the younger generation as if they
didn't have much of anything to do with it.


Gross, adj.:
	When your grandmother kisses you goodnight and
	slips you some tongue.


If time heals all wounds, how come the belly button stays the same?


The IBM purchase of ROLM gives new meaning to the term "twisted pair".
		-- Howard Anderson, "Yankee Group"


Frisbeetarianism, n.:
	The belief that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof and
	gets stuck.


Portable, adj.:
	Survives system reboot.


He's gallantry personified, in fact, his brochures ought to
read satisfaction guaranteed, or your virginity returned intact.


A man with one watch knows what time it is.
A man with two watches is never quite sure.


We don't care how they do it in New York.


The light at the end of the tunnel is the headlight of an approaching
train.


It is practically impossible to teach good programming to students that
have had a prior exposure to BASIC: as potential programmers they are
mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


A man always needs to remember one thing about
a beautiful woman.  Somewhere, somebody's tired of her.


You can imagine my embarrassment when I killed the wrong guy.
		-- Joe Valachi


Deprive a mirror of its silver and even the Czar won't see his face.


Geometry teaches us to bisex angels.


Never worry about theory as long as the
machinery does what it's supposed to do.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


In order to live free and happily, you must sacrifice boredom.
It is not always an easy sacrifice.


What will you do if all your problems aren't solved by the time you die?


The most pressing issue facing women today is finding a contraceptive
jelly that smells like a fresh fruit salad.


Sooner or later you must pay for your sins.  (Those who have already
paid may disregard this fortune).


Felix Catus is your taxonomic nomenclature,
An endothermic quadruped, carnivorous by nature.
Your visual, olfactory, and auditory senses
Contribute to your hunting skills and natural defenses.
I find myself intrigued by your sub-vocal oscillations,
A singular development of cat communications
That obviates your basic hedonistic predilection
For a rhythmic stroking of your fur to demonstrate affection.
A tail is quite essential for your acrobatic talents:
You would not be so agile if you lacked its counterbalance;
And when not being utilized to aid in locomotion,
It often serves to illustrate the state of your emotion.
Oh Spot, the complex levels of behavior you display
Connote a fairly well-developed cognitive array.
And though you are not sentient, Spot, and do not comprehend,
I nonetheless consider you a true and valued friend.
		-- Lt. Cmdr. Data, "An Ode to Spot"


In the olden days in England, you could be hung for stealing a sheep or a
loaf of bread.  However, if a sheep stole a loaf of bread and gave it to
you, you would only be tried for receiving, a crime punishable by forty
lashes with the cat or the dog, whichever was handy.  If you stole a dog
and were caught, you were punished with twelve rabbit punches, although it
was hard to find rabbits big enough or strong enough to punch you.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


The only alliance I would make with the Women's Liberation Movement is in bed.
		-- Abbey Hoffman


A young woman was afflicted with three brothers who had a friendly competition
as to who was the best practical joker.  When she announced her marriage,
like all good brothers, they immediately found out where the honeymoon would
be and repaired there to do their worst, er, best.  The brother who was a
carpenter went first, and came back out in five minutes.  The brother who
worked as a plumber went second and was out in about half an hour.  Finally,
the brother employed as a dentist went inside and came out almost immediately.
A few days after the start of their sister's honeymoon the brothers each
received a telegram from their sister.  It read:

	I liked the couch falling apart when we sat on it.  I was amused
	when the shower went cold five minutes after it started.  But I'm
	going to kill whoever put the novocaine into the KY jelly...


Actor			Real Name

Boris Karloff		William Henry Pratt
Cary Grant		Archibald Leach
Edward G. Robinson	Emmanual Goldenburg
Gene Wilder		Gerald Silberman
John Wayne		Marion Morrison
Kirk Douglas		Issur Danielovitch
Richard Burton		Richard Jenkins, Jr.
Roy Rogers		Leonard Slye
Woody Allen		Allen Stewart Konigsberg


	A mother and her daughter came to the doctor's office.  The mother
asked the doctor to examine her daughter.  "She has been having some strange
symptoms and I'm worried about her," the mother said.
	The doctor examined the daughter carefully.  Then he announced,
"Madam, I believe your daughter is pregnant."
	The mother gasped.  "That's nonsense!" she said.  "Why, my little
girl has never even been out with a man, let alone... let alone..."  She
turns to the girl and said, "Tell the doctor, Susie!"
	"Yes, Mumsy," said the girl.  "Doctor, I have never so much as
kissed a man!"
	The doctor looked from the mother to daughter, and back again.  Then,
silently he stood up and walked to the window.  He stared out.  He continued
staring until the mother felt compelled to ask, "Doctor, is there something
wrong out there?"
	"No, Madam," said the doctor.  "It's just that the last time anything
like this happened, a star appeared in the East and I was looking to see if
another one was going to show up."


Bondage maybe, discipline never!
		-- T. K.


In like a dimwit, out like a light.
		-- Pogo


Bierman's Laws of Contracts:
	(1) In any given document, you can't cover all the "what if's".
	(2) Lawyers stay in business resolving all the unresolved "what if's".
	(3) Every resolved "what if" creates two unresolved "what if's".


Man has made his bedlam; let him lie in it.
		-- Fred Allen


It's pretty hard to tell what does bring happiness;
poverty and wealth have both failed.
		-- Kin Hubbard


Howe's Law:
	Everyone has a scheme that will not work.


	Max told his friend that he'd just as soon not go hiking in the hills.
Said he, "I'm an anti-climb Max."


To get back on your feet, miss two car payments.


One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
		-- Helen Keller


Have you heard of those trollops of Birmingham
And the scandal that's currently concerning'em?
	How they lift the frock
	And tickle the cock
Of the bishop while he was confirming 'em?


The net of law is spread so wide,
No sinner from its sweep may hide.
Its meshes are so fine and strong,
They take in every child of wrong.
O wondrous web of mystery!
Big fish alone escape from thee!
		-- James Jeffrey Roche


The best prophet of the future is the past.


Knights are hardly worth it.
I mean, all that shell and so little meat...


It is possible that blondes also prefer gentlemen.
		-- Maimie Van Doren


Q:	Why is Christmas just like a day at the office?
A:	You do all of the work and the fat guy in the suit
	gets all the credit.


A university is what a college becomes
when the faculty loses interest in students.
		-- John Ciardi


Well, actually, I don't mind going to weddings or anything, as long as they're
not my own, I show up, but uh, I've always kinda been partial to callin' myself
up on the phone, asking myself out, y'know, yeah, one thing about it, you're
always around.  Yeah, I know, yeah, you ask yourself out, y'know, some class
joint somewhere, the Burrito King, or somethin', y'know, well, I ain't cheap
y'know.  Take yourself out for a coupla drinks, mebbe, then you eat, some
provocative conversation on the way home, and uh, park in front of the house,
y'know, and you, oh yeah, you smoo with yourself, put a little nice music on,
mebbe you put on like, uh, y'know, like shoppin' music, something that's not
too interruptive, y'know, and then uh, y'know, slide over real nice, and say,
"Oh, I think you have something in your eye", well, maybe it's not that
romantic with you, but I don't, y'know, I get into it, y'know, I take myself
up to the porch, and uh, take myself inside, maybe, oh, I might get a little
something in a brandy snifter, "Would you like to listen to some of my back
records, I got something here...", well, usually, about two-thirty in the
morning, you've ended up takin' advantage of yourself, and there ain't no way
around that, y'know, yeah, makin' the scene with a magazine, ain't no way
around it.  I'll confess, y'know, I'm no different, y'know, I'm not weird
about it or anything, I don't tie myself up first, I just, I just kinda
spend a little time with myself.
		-- Tom Waits, "Nighthawks at the Diner"


THIS IS PLEDGE WEEK FOR THE FORTUNE PROGRAM

If you like the fortune program, why not support it now with your
contribution of a pithy fortune, clean or obscene?  We cannot continue
without your support.  Less than 14% of all fortune users are
contributors.  That means that 86% of you are getting a free ride.  We
can't go on like this much longer.  Federal cutbacks mean less money
for fortunes, and unless user contributions increase to make up the
difference, the fortune program will have to shut down between midnight
and 8 a.m.  Don't let this happen.  Mail your fortunes right now to
"fortune".  Just type in your favorite pithy saying.  Do it now before
you forget.  Our target is 300 new fortunes by the end of the week.
Don't miss out.  All fortunes will be acknowledged.  If you contribute
30 fortunes or more, you will receive a free subscription to "The
Fortune Hunter", our monthly program guide.  If you contribute 50 or
more, you will receive a free "Fortune Hunter" coffee mug ...


Why does man kill?  He kills for food.
And not only food: frequently there must be a beverage.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


Q:	Why are Jewish divorces so expensive?
A:	Because they're worth it!


May all your PUSHes be POPped.


The best portion of a good man's life, his little,
nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love.
		-- Wordsworth


You know you're in trouble when...
(1)	Your only son tells you he wishes Anita Bryant would mind
		her own business.
(2)	You put your bra on backwards and it fits better.
(3)	You call Suicide Prevention and they put you on hold.
(4)	You see a `60 Minutes' news team waiting in your office.
(5)	Your birthday cake collapses from the weight of the candles.
(6)	Your 4-year old reveals that it's "almost impossible" to
		flush a grapefruit down the toilet.
(7)	You realize that you've memorized the back of the cereal box.


The first marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence,
and the second the triumph of hope over experience.


Your love life will be... interesting.


Don't try to outweird me, three-eyes.  I get stranger things than you free
with my breakfast cereal.
		-- Zaphod Beeblebrox


Rocky's Lemma of Innovation Prevention
	Unless the results are known in advance,
	funding agencies will reject the proposal.


Let the people think they govern and they will be governed.
		-- William Penn, founder of Pennsylvania


	A group of soldiers being prepared for a practice landing on a tropical
island were warned of the one danger the island held, a poisonous snake that
could be readily identified by its alternating orange and black bands.  They
were instructed, should they find one of these snakes, to grab the tail end of
the snake with one hand and slide the other hand up the body of the snake to
the snake's head.  Then, forcefully, bend the thumb above the snake's head
downward to break the snake's spine.  All went well for the landing, the
charge up the beach, and the move into the jungle.  At one foxhole site, two
men were starting to dig and wondering what had happened to their partner.
Suddenly he staggered out of the underbrush, uniform in shreds, covered with
blood.  He collapsed to the ground.  His buddies were so shocked they could
only blurt out, "What happened?"
	"I ran from the beachhead to the edge of the jungle, and, as I hit the
ground, I saw an orange and black striped snake right in front of me.  I
grabbed its tail end with my left hand.  I placed my right hand above my left
hand.  I held firmly with my left hand and slid my right hand up the body of
the snake.  When I reached the head of the snake I flicked my right thumb down
to break the snake's spine... did you ever goose a tiger?"


COBOL:
	An exercise in Artificial Inelegance.


After twelve years of therapy my psychiatrist said something that
brought tears to my eyes.  He said, "No hablo ingles."
		-- Ronnie Shakes


[The members of the Chamberlain government] are decided only to be
undecided, resolved to be irresolute, adamant for drift, all-powerful
for impotency.
		-- Winston Churchill


The Great Movie Posters:

HOODLUMS FROM ANOTHER WORLD ON A RAY-GUN RAMPAGE!
		-- Teenagers from Outher Space (1959)

Which will be Her Mate... MAN OR BEAST?
Meet Velda -- the Kind of Woman -- Man or Gorilla would kill... to Keep.
		-- Untamed Mistress (1960)

NOW AN ALL-MIGHTY ALL-NEW MOTION PICTURE BRINGS THEM TOGETHER FOR THE
FIRST TIME...  HISTORY'S MOST GIGANTIC MONSTERS IN COMBAT ATOP MOUNT FUJI!
		-- King Kong vs. Godzilla (1963)


God help those who do not help themselves.
		-- Wilson Mizner


FEAR:
	What you feel when you see a U-Haul with Texas license plates.


Execute every act of thy life as though it were thy last.
		-- Marcus Aurelius


It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.
		-- Roger Babson


Excessive login or logout messages are a sure sign of senility.


Plagiarize, plagiarize,
Let no man's work evade your eyes,
Remember why the good Lord made your eyes,
Don't shade your eyes,
But plagiarize, plagiarize, plagiarize.
Only be sure to call it research.
		-- Tom Lehrer


The shortest distance between any two puns is a straight line.


Baker's First Law of Federal Geometry:
	A block grant is a solid mass of money
	surrounded on all sides by governors.


If you don't count some of Jehovah's injunctions, there are no humorists
in the Bible.
		-- Mordecai Richler


Once you've seen one nuclear war, you've seen them all.


You have an unusual equipment for success.
Be sure to use it properly.


Mason's First Law of Synergism:
The one day you'd sell your soul for something, souls are a glut.


One day this guy is finally fed up with his middle-class existence and
decides to do something about it.  He calls up his best friend, who is a
mathematical genius.  "Look," he says, "do you suppose you could find some
way mathematically of guaranteeing winning at the race track?  We could
make a lot of money and retire and enjoy life."  The mathematician thinks
this over a bit and walks away mumbling to himself.
	A week later his friend drops by to ask the genius if he's had any
success.  The genius, looking a little bleary-eyed, replies, "Well, yes,
actually I do have an idea, and I'm reasonably sure that it will work, but
there a number of details to be figured out.
	After the second week the mathematician appears at his friend's house,
looking quite a bit rumpled, and announces, "I think I've got it! I still have
some of the theory to work out, but now I'm certain that I'm on the right
track."
	At the end of the third week the mathematician wakes his friend by
pounding on his door at three in the morning.  He has dark circles under his
eyes.  His hair hasn't been combed for many days.  He appears to be wearing
the same clothes as the last time.  He has several pencils sticking out from
behind his ears and an almost maniacal expression on his face.  "WE CAN DO
IT!  WE CAN DO IT!!" he shrieks. "I have discovered the perfect solution!!
And it's so EASY!  First, we assume that horses are perfect spheres in simple
harmonic motion..."


The three biggest software lies:

	1: *Of course* we'll give you a copy of the source.
	2: *Of course* the third party vendor we bought that from
		will fix the microcode.
	3: Beta test site?  No, *of course* you're not a beta test site.


I learned to play guitar just to get the girls, and anyone who says they
didn't is just lyin'!
		-- Willie Nelson


Man is the only animal that blushes -- or needs to.
		-- Mark Twain


I'm going to live forever, or die trying!
		-- Spider Robinson


The sooner you fall behind, the more time you'll have to catch up!


I WISH I HAD A KRYPTONITE CROSS, because then you could keep both Dracula
and Superman away.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


	"Richard, in being so fierce toward my vampire, you were doing
what you wanted to do, even though you thought it was going to hurt
somebody else. He even told you he'd be hurt if..."
	"He was going to suck my blood!"
	"Which is what we do to anyone when we tell them we'll be hurt
if they don't live our way."
...
	"The thing that puzzles you," he said, "is an accepted saying that
happens to be impossible.  The phrase is hurt somebody else.  We choose,
ourselves, to be hurt or not to be hurt, no matter what.  Us who decides.
Nobody else.  My vampire told you he'd be hurt if you didn't let him?  That's
his decision to be hurt, that's his choice.  What you do about it is your
decision, your choice: give him blood; ignore him; tie him up; drive a stake
through his heart.  If he doesn't want the holly stake, he's free to resist,
in whatever way he wants.  It goes on and on, choices, choices."
	"When you look at it that way..."
	"Listen," he said, "it's important.  We are all.  Free.  To do.
Whatever.  We want.  To do."
		-- Richard Bach, "Illusions"


New book out from Gary Hart; "Six Inches from the White House".


No-one would remember the Good Samaritan if he had only had good
intentions.  He had money as well.
		-- Margaret Thatcher


	This guy is taking a leak in a public men's room when a man enters
with his arms held out from his sides, bent at the elbows with his hands
dangling awkwardly, and comes over to him.
	"Would you do me a favor and unzip my fly?" he asks.
	Figuring the man to be a poor cripple, perhaps an accident victim,
the guy obliges, not without a flush of embarrassment when the man next
requests that he take out his prick and hold it in the appropriate position.
	"Shake it off" is the next instruction, then "zip me up," and the
guy follows orders, wincing at his own embarrassment and at the shame of
being so helpless.
	"Say, thanks," says the man, flouncing to the door.  "I can't do a
*thing* 'til my nails dry!"


Woman is generally so bad that the difference
between a good and a bad woman scarcely exists.
		-- Tolstoy


He who foresees calamities suffers them twice over.


America was discovered by Amerigo Vespucci and was named after him, until
people got tired of living in a place called "Vespuccia" and changed its
name to "America".
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


*** NEWSFLASH ***
	Russian tanks steamrolling through New Jersey!!!!
	Details at eleven!


QOTD:
	"I sprinkled some baking powder over a couple of potatoes, but it
	didn't work."


Modeling paged and segmented memories is tricky business.
		-- P. J. Denning


Children are like cats, they can tell when you don't like
them.  That's when they come over and violate your body space.


Hanging on in quiet desperation is the English way.
		-- Pink Floyd


QOTD:
	"He's a perfectionist.  If he married Raquel Welch, he'd expect
	her to cook."


Keep the number of passes in a compiler to a minimum.
		-- D. Gries


How sharper than a serpent's tooth is a sister's "See?"
		-- Linus Van Pelt


Seems this fellow was suffering from terrific headaches, and went to his
doctor about it. The physician made a number of tests, and informed the man
that the only thing for his headaches was castration.  After a few more
months, the headaches became so intense that the man agreed to the operation.
Naturally enough, the ruination of his sex life depressed him tremendously,
and he decided to purchase a new wardrobe to make himself feel better.
He enters a men's clothing store and a salesman wanders over, looks him
up and down, and says, "Well, let's start with shirts... 15 neck, 34 sleeve."
	The guy is amazed.  "How'd you know?"
	"Well, I've been here nearly 30 years, and I can tell sizes within
a quarter inch on every piece of clothing."  The salesman's claim is borne
out.  Slacks, 34 waist, 32 inseam; jacket: 42 long.  And so on and so forth.
When the man has been completely outfitted he decides that he'd better buy
some new underwear.
	The salesman looks at him and says, "Okay, that'll be a 34."
	"No, that's wrong," says the man.  "I've always worn a 32."  The
salesman insists, pointing out his accuracy so far.  The man argues, agreeing
that while he's been right so far, he has always worn a 32 in shorts.
	Finally in exasperation, the salesman says, "Listen, I tell you,
you *have* to wear a 34.  Otherwise, you'll get these *awful* headaches."


No one gets too old to learn a new way of being stupid.


Q:	What's the difference between a cocker spaniel and a doberman
	pinscher humping your leg?
A:	You let the doberman finish.


Hear that...
	the only thing worse than coming home with lipstick on your
	collar is being caught with leg make-up on your ears?


				FROM THE DESK OF
				Snow White

Dear Snow White:

	Thanks for last night.

		Sleepy, Doc, Grumpy, Sneezy, Happy, Dopey, Bashful


	My message is not that biological determinists were bad scientists or
even that they were always wrong.  Rather, I believe that science must be
understood as a social phenomenon, a gutsy, human enterprise, not the work of
robots programmed to collect pure information.  I also present this view as
an upbeat for science, not as a gloomy epitaph for a noble hope sacrificed on
the alter of human limitations.
	I believe that a factual reality exists and that science, though often
in an obtuse and erratic manner, can learn about it.  Galileo was not shown
the instruments of torture in an abstract debate about lunar motion.  He had
threatened the Church's conventional argument for social and doctrinal
stability:  the static world order with planets circling about a central
earth, priests subordinate to the Pope and serfs to their lord.  But the
Church soon made its peace with Galileo's cosmology.  They had no choice; the
earth really does revolve about the sun.
		-- S. J. Gould, "The Mismeasure of Man"


For months the loving newlywed had asked his blushing bride to perform oral
sex on him, but to no avail.  His sweet entreaties never worked, for she was
simply too innocent and inexperienced to even *think* of such a thing, let
alone attempt it.  But a year of gentle persistence finally paid off, and
one night his darling nervously but lovingly performed the act.  When it was
over, she looked deeply into his eyes, blushed, and asked, "How was I,
sweetheart?"
	He looked at her and replied, "How should I know -- I'm no
cocksucker!"


H. L. Mencken suffers from the hallucination that he is H. L.
Mencken -- there is no cure for a disease of that magnitude.
		-- Maxwell Bodenheim


In a consumer society there are inevitably two kinds of slaves:
the prisoners of addiction and the prisoners of envy.


Clark Kent is a transvestite.


Profanity is the one language all programmers know best.


I have great faith in fools -- self confidence my friends call it.
		-- Edgar Allan Poe


All's well that ends.


Human resources are human first, and resources second.
		-- J. Garbers


A girl's conscience doesn't really keep her from doing anything wrong--
it merely keeps her from enjoying it.


There's one fool at least in every married couple.


And let me the canakin clink, clink;
and let me the canakin clink.
	A soldier's a man;
	O, man's life's but a span,
Why then, let a soldier drink.


Narcolepulacyi, n.:
	The contagious action of yawning, causing everyone in sight
	to also yawn.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Like all young men, you greatly exaggerate
the difference between one young woman and another.
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "Major Barbara"


When a shepherd goes to kill a wolf, and takes his dog along to see
the sport, he should take care to avoid mistakes.  The dog has certain
relationships to the wolf the shepherd may have forgotten.
		-- Robert Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"


They're only trying to make me LOOK paranoid!


In seeking the unattainable, simplicity only gets in the way.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


If the colleges were better, if they really had it, you would need to get
the police at the gates to keep order in the inrushing multitude.  See in
college how we thwart the natural love of learning by leaving the natural
method of teaching what each wishes to learn, and insisting that you shall
learn what you have no taste or capacity for.  The college, which should
be a place of delightful labor, is made odious and unhealthy, and the
young men are tempted to frivolous amusements to rally their jaded spirits.
I would have the studies elective.  Scholarship is to be created not
by compulsion, but by awakening a pure interest in knowledge.  The wise
instructor accomplishes this by opening to his pupils precisely the
attractions the study has for himself.  The marking is a system for schools,
not for the college; for boys, not for men; and it is an ungracious work to
put on a professor.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Love is sentimental measles.


	Once there lived a village of creatures along the bottom of a great
crystal river.  Each creature in its own manner clung tightly to the twigs
and rocks of the river bottom, for clinging was their way of life, and
resisting the current what each had learned from birth.  But one creature
said at last, "I trust that the current knows where it is going.  I shall
let go, and let it take me where it will.  Clinging, I shall die of boredom."
	The other creatures laughed and said, "Fool!  Let go, and that current
you worship will throw you tumbled and smashed across the rocks, and you will
die quicker than boredom!"
	But the one heeded them not, and taking a breath did let go, and at
once was tumbled and smashed by the current across the rocks.  Yet, in time,
as the creature refused to cling again, the current lifted him free from the
bottom, and he was bruised and hurt no more.
	And the creatures downstream, to whom he was a stranger, cried, "See
a miracle!  A creature like ourselves, yet he flies!  See the Messiah, come
to save us all!"  And the one carried in the current said, "I am no more
Messiah than you.  The river delight to lift us free, if only we dare let go.
Our true work is this voyage, this adventure.
	But they cried the more, "Saviour!" all the while clinging to the
rocks, making legends of a Saviour.
		-- Richard Bach


For thee the wonder-working earth puts forth sweet flowers.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


Job Placement, n.:
	Telling your boss what he can do with your job.


Do unto others before they undo you.


There's no point in being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes.
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


Women in love consist of a little sighing, a little
crying, a little dying -- and a good deal of lying.
		-- Ansey


Fortune Documents the Great Legal Decisions:

We can imagine no reason why, with ordinary care, human toes could not be
left out of chewing tobacco, and if toes are found in chewing tobacco, it
seems to us that someone has been very careless.
		-- 78 So. 365


	When the surgeon came to see her on the morning after her
operation, the young woman asked her somewhat hesitantly how long it
would be before she could resume her sex life.  "I really haven't
thought about it," gulped the stunned surgeon.  "You're the first
patient who's asked me that after a tonsillectomy!"


It's always darkest just before it gets pitch black.


Your object is to save the world,
while still leading a pleasant life.


Sam:  What's new, Norm?
Norm: Most of my wife.
		-- Cheers, The Spy Who Came in for a Cold One

Coach: Beer, Norm?
Norm:  Naah, I'd probably just drink it.
		-- Cheers, Now Pitching, Sam Malone

Coach:	What's doing, Norm?
Norm:	Well, science is seeking a cure for thirst.  I happen
	to be the guinea pig.
		-- Cheers, Let Me Count the Ways


There's no justice in this world.
		-- Frank Costello, on the prosecution of "Lucky" Luciano
		   by New York district attorney Thomas Dewey after
		   Luciano had saved Dewey from assassination by Dutch
		   Schultz (by ordering the assassination of Schultz
		   instead)


You are sick, twisted and perverted.
I like that in a person.


Our staff proctologist, Dr. Barr,
Has invented a new kind of car.
	With a tank full of shit
	There's no stopping it --
For short trips, two poots take you far.


When we are planning for posterity,
we ought to remember that virtue is not hereditary.
		-- Thomas Paine


Ignorance is never out of style.  It was in fashion yesterday, it is the
rage today, and it will set the pace tomorrow.
		-- Franklin K. Dane


GEMINI (May 21 - June 20)
	A day to take the initiative.  Put the garbage out, for
	instance, and pick up the stuff at the dry cleaners.  Watch
	the mail carefully, although there won't be anything good
	in it today, either.


Scrubbing floors and emptying bedpans has as much dignity as the
Presidency.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Excellent day for drinking heavily.
Spike the office water cooler.


curtation n. The enforced compression of a string in the fixed-length field
environment.
	The problem of fitting extremely variable-length strings such as names,
addresses, and item descriptions into fixed-length records is no trivial
matter.  Neglect of the subtle art of curtation has probably alienated more
people than any other aspect of data processing.  You order Mozart's "Don
Giovanni" from your record club, and they invoice you $24.95 for MOZ DONG.
The witless mapping of the sublime onto the ridiculous!  Equally puzzling is
the curtation that produces the same eight characters, THE BEST, whether you
order "The Best of Wagner", "The Best of Schubert", or "The Best of the Turds".
Similarly, wine lovers buying from computerized wineries twirl their glasses,
check their delivery notes, and inform their friends, "A rather innocent,
possibly overtruncated CAB SAUV 69 TAL."  The squeezing of fruit into 10
columns has yielded such memorable obscenities as COX OR PIP.  The examples
cited are real, and the curtational methodology which produced them is still
with us.

MOZ DONG n.
	Curtation of Don Giovanni by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Lorenzo da
Ponte, as performed by the computerized billing ensemble of the Internat'l
Preview Society, Great Neck (sic), N.Y.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


Turnaucka's Law:
	The attention span of a computer is only as long as its
	electrical cord.


If all the world's a stage, I want to operate the trap door.
		-- Paul Beatty


He who hates vices hates mankind.


	This is where the bloodthirsty license agreement is supposed to go,
explaining that Interactive EasyFlow is a copyrighted package licensed for
use by a single person, and sternly warning you not to pirate copies of it
and explaining, in detail, the gory consequences if you do.
	We know that you are an honest person, and are not going to go around
pirating copies of Interactive EasyFlow; this is just as well with us since
we worked hard to perfect it and selling copies of it is our only method of
making anything out of all the hard work.
	If, on the other hand, you are one of those few people who do go
around pirating copies of software you probably aren't going to pay much
attention to a license agreement, bloodthirsty or not.  Just keep your doors
locked and look out for the HavenTree attack shark.
		-- License Agreement for Interactive EasyFlow


Todays title:
	Creative Violence in Sexual Relationships


