America was discovered by Amerigo Vespucci and was named after him, until
people got tired of living in a place called "Vespuccia" and changed its
name to "America".
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


When he got in trouble in the ring, [Ali] imagined a door swung open and
inside he could see neon, orange, and green lights blinking, and bats
blowing trumpets and alligators blowing trombones, and he could hear snakes
screaming.  Weird masks and actors' clothes hung on the wall, and if he
stepped across the sill and reached for them, he knew that he was committing
himself to destruction.
		-- George Plimpton


You will feel hungry again in another hour.


A classic is something that everybody wants to have read
and nobody wants to read.
		-- Mark Twain quoting Professor Winchester,
		   "The Disappearance of Literature"


To do nothing is to be nothing.


68:
	Do me now and I'll owe you one.


Stock's Observation:
	You no sooner get your head above water
	but what someone pulls your flippers off.


To the systems programmer, users and applications serve only to provide
a test load.


Some scholars are like donkeys, they merely carry a lot of books.
		-- Folk saying


Learning at some schools is like drinking from a firehose.


COPYING MACHINE:
	A device that shreds paper, flashes mysteriously coded messages,
	and makes duplicates for everyone in the office who isn't
	interested in reading them.


Pardo's First Postulate:
	Anything good in life is either illegal, immoral, or
fattening.

Arnold's Addendum:
	Anything not fitting into these categories causes cancer in rats.


Dieters live life in the fasting lane.


Q:	How do you stop an elephant from charging?
A:	Take away his credit cards.


It's better to be pissed off than pissed on.


Dreams are free, but there's a small charge for alterations.


After the last of 16 mounting screws has been removed from an access
cover, it will be discovered that the wrong access cover has been removed.


You have an unusual understanding of
the problems of human relationships.


Five-foot nine, eyes that shine
He was born in Palestine
Has anybody seen my Lord?

He's so cool, he's so fine
Eat his bread and drink his wine
Has anybody seen my Lord?

He's so neat, he's so cool,
Walks across my swimming pool.
Has anybody...


Have a taco.
		-- P. S. Beagle


Once upon a girl there was a time...


Have you ever felt like a wounded cow
halfway between an oven and a pasture?
walking in a trance toward a pregnant
	seventeen-year-old housewife's
	two-day-old cookbook?
		-- Richard Brautigan


Alliance, n.:
	In international politics, the union of two thieves who have
	their hands so deeply inserted in each other's pocket that they
	cannot separately plunder a third.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


While anyone can admit to themselves they were
wrong, the true test is admission to someone else.


Dear Emily:
	How can I choose what groups to post in?
		-- Confused

Dear Confused:
	Pick as many as you can, so that you get the widest audience.  After
all, the net exists to give you an audience.  Ignore those who suggest you
should only use groups where you think the article is highly appropriate.
Pick all groups where anybody might even be slightly interested.
	Always make sure followups go to all the groups.  In the rare event
that you post a followup which contains something original, make sure you
expand the list of groups.  Never include a "Followup-to:" line in the
header, since some people might miss part of the valuable discussion in
the fringe groups.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette


Some don't prefer the pursuit of happiness to the happiness of pursuit.


Let him choose out of my files, his projects to accomplish.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Coriolanus"


Worst Month of the Year:
	February.  February has only 28 days in it, which means that if
	you rent an apartment, you are paying for three full days you
	don't get.  Try to avoid Februarys whenever possible.
		-- Steve Rubenstein


Revolution, n.:
	A form of government abroad.


Dammit Jim, I'm an actor not a doctor.


Work is the curse of the drinking classes.
		-- Mike Romanoff


Life is like an onion: you peel off layer after
layer and then you find there is nothing in it.
		-- James Huneker


There are new messages.


IF A KID ASKS YOU where rain comes from, I think a cute thing to tell him
is, "God is crying."  And if he asks why God is crying, another cute thing
to tell him is, "Probably because of something you did."
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Sorry never means having you're say to love.


Kaufman's First Law of Party Physics:
	Population density is inversely proportional
	to the square of the distance from the keg.


My folks didn't come over on the Mayflower,
but they were there to meet the boat.


Modesty: the gentle art of enhancing your charm by pretending
	not to be aware of it.
		-- Oliver Herford


Mary had a little lamb,
boy was the doctor surprised!


Not that we needed all that stuff, but when you get locked into a
serious drug collection the tendency is to push it as far as you can.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas"


Disease can be cured; fate is incurable.
		-- Chinese proverb


There was an interesting development in the CBS-Westmoreland trial:
both sides agreed that after the trial, Andy Rooney would be allowed to
talk to the jury for three minutes about little things that annoyed him
during the trial.
		-- David Letterman


Two young men seated in a restaurant were watching a customer busily
disposing of a plate of oysters on the half shell.  One of the young
men remarked to his friend,
	"Did you ever hear that business about raw oysters being
good for a man's virility?"
	"Yes, why?" the friend replied.
	"Well, take it from me, that's a lot of foolishness.  I ate a
dozen of them the other night, and only nine worked."


The purpose of Physics 7A is to make the engineers realize that they're
not perfect, and to make the rest of the people realize that they're not
engineers.


grep me no patterns and I'll tell you no lines.


And yet I should have dearly liked, I own, to have touched her lips; to
have questioned her, that she might have opened them; to have looked upon
the lashes of her downcast eyes, and never raised a blush; to have let
loose waves of hair, an inch of which would be a keepsake beyond price:
in short, I should have liked, I do confess, to have had the lightest
license of a child, and yet been man enough to know its value.
		-- Charles Dickens


Youth had been a habit of hers so long that she could not part with it.


Happiness, n.:
	An agreeable sensation arising from contemplating the misery of
	another.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Why did the Lord give us so much quickness of
movement unless it was to avoid responsibility with?


Be braver -- you can't cross a chasm in two small jumps.


If it's Tuesday, this must be someone else's fortune.


Ignore previous fortune.


I love children.  Especially when they cry -- for then
someone takes them away.
		-- Nancy Mitford


Houston, Tranquillity Base here.  The Eagle has landed.
		-- Neil Armstrong


The bad reputation UNIX has gotten is totally undeserved, laid on by
people who don't understand, who have not gotten in there and tried
anything.
		-- Jim Joyce, owner of Jim Joyce's UNIX Bookstore


David Letterman's "Things we can be proud of as Americans":

	* Greatest number of citizens who have actually boarded a UFO
	* Many newspapers feature "JUMBLE"
	* Hourly motel rates
	* Vast majority of Elvis movies made here
	* Didn't just give up right away during World War II
		like some countries we could mention
	* Goatees & Van Dykes thought to be worn only by weenies
	* Our well-behaved golf professionals
	* Fabulous babes coast to coast


skldfjkljklsR%^&(IXDRTYju187pkasdjbasdfbuil
h;asvgy8p	23r1vyui135	2
kmxsij90TYDFS$$b	jkzxdjkl bjnk ;j	nk;<[][;-==-<<<<<';[,
		[hjioasdvbnuio;buip^&(FTSD$%*VYUI:buio;sdf}[asdf']
				sdoihjfh(_YU*G&F^*CTY98y


Now look what you've gone and done!  You've broken it!


MSDOS is not dead, it just smells that way.
		-- Henry Spencer


Seems like this duck waddles into a pharmacy, waddles up to the prescription
counter and rings the bell.  The pharmacist walks up and asks, "Can I help
you?".
	The duck replies, "Yes, I'd like a box of condoms, please."
	"Certainly", says the pharmacist, "will that be cash or would
you like me to put it on your bill?"
	Snarls the duck, "Just what kind of duck do you think I am?"


The sixth sheik's sixth sheep's sick.
		-- [just say that five times...]


Nothing is more quiet than the sound of hair going grey.


All generalizations are false, including this one.
		-- Mark Twain


Your business will go through a period of considerable expansion.


Big Toe: The pad of the male big toe applied to the clitoris or the vulva
generally is a magnificent erotic instrument.  The famous gentleman in erotic
prints who is keeping six women occupied is using tongue, penis, both hands,
and both big toes.  Use the toe in mammary or armpit intercourse or any time
you are astride her, or sit facing as she lies or sits.  Make sure the nail
isn't sharp.  In a restaurant, in these days of tights one can surreptitiously
remove a shoe and sock, reach over, and keep her in almost continuous orgasm
with all four hands fully in view on the table top and no sign of contact--
A party trick which really rates as advanced sex.  She has less scope, but
can learn to masturbate him with her two big toes.  The toes are definitely
erogenic areas, and can be kissed, sucked, tickled, or tied with stimulating
results.
		-- The Joy of Sex
		[Avoid armpit intercourse when razor stubble is present. Ed.]


An idle mind is worth two in the bush.


The louder he talked of his honour, the faster we counted our spoons.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Prince Hamlet thought Uncle a traitor
For having it off with his Mater;
	Revenge Dad or not?
	That's the gist of the plot,
And he did -- nine soliloquies later.
		-- Stanley J. Sharpless


Actor			Real Name

Boris Karloff		William Henry Pratt
Cary Grant		Archibald Leach
Edward G. Robinson	Emmanual Goldenburg
Gene Wilder		Gerald Silberman
John Wayne		Marion Morrison
Kirk Douglas		Issur Danielovitch
Richard Burton		Richard Jenkins, Jr.
Roy Rogers		Leonard Slye
Woody Allen		Allen Stewart Konigsberg


QOTD:
	"Let's do it."
		-- Gary Gilmore, to his firing squad


The bigger the theory the better.


The Least Successful Defrosting Device
	The all-time record here is held by Mr. Peter Rowlands of Lancaster
whose lips became frozen to his lock in 1979 while blowing warm air on it.
	"I got down on my knees to breathe into the lock.  Somehow my lips
got stuck fast."
	While he was in the posture, an old lady passed an inquired if he
was all right.  "Alra?  Igmmlptk", he replied at which point she ran away.
	"I tried to tell her what had happened, but it came out sort of...
muffled," explained Mr. Rowlands, a pottery designer.
	He was trapped for twenty minutes ("I felt a bit foolish") until
constant hot breathing brought freedom.  He was subsequently nicknamed "Hot
Lips".
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Loneliness is a terrible price to pay for independence.


Mental things which have not gone in through the
senses are vain and bring forth no truth except detrimental.
		-- Leonardo


	Something mysterious is formed, born in the silent void.  Waiting
alone and unmoving, it is at once still and yet in constant motion.  It is
the source of all programs.  I do not know its name, so I will call it the
Tao of Programming.
	If the Tao is great, then the operating system is great.  If the
operating system is great, then the compiler is great.  If the compiler is
greater, then the applications is great.  The user is pleased and there is
harmony in the world.
	The Tao of Programming flows far away and returns on the wind of
morning.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


QOTD:
	"East is east... and let's keep it that way."


Valerie: Aww, Tom, you're going maudlin on me ...
Tom:	 I reserve the right to wax maudlin as I wane eloquent ...
		-- Tom Chapin


He who steps on others to reach the top has good balance.


Tact, n.:
	The unsaid part of what you're thinking.


They seem to have learned the habit of cowering before authority even when
not actually threatened.  How very nice for authority.  I decided not to
learn this particular lesson.
		-- Richard Stallman


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #32:

Q:  Do you know how far pregnant you are right now?
A:  I will be three months November 8th.
Q:  Apparently then, the date of conception was August 8th?
A:  Yes.
Q:  What were you and your husband doing at that time?


Things worth having are worth cheating for.


In Seattle, Washington, it is illegal to carry a concealed weapon that
is over six feet in length.


I've looked at the listing, and it's right!
		-- Joel Halpern


Driving in Texas is simple.  For the first 100 miles you swerve to
avoid jackrabbits.  For the second 100 miles you hit whatever
jackrabbits get in the way.  After that you chase off into the
brush after them.


Human resources are human first, and resources second.
		-- J. Garbers


			Chapter 1

The story so far:

	In the beginning the Universe was created.  This has made a lot
of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the End of the Universe"


The best prophet of the future is the past.


Religions revolve madly around sexual questions.


Been through hell?
What did you bring back for me?


Any woman is a volume if one knows how to read her.


People who take cold baths never have rheumatism, but they have
cold baths.


With the end of the football season, a star player for the college team
celebrated the relaxation of team curfew by attending a late-night campus
party.  Soon after arriving, he became captivated by a beautiful coed and
eased into a conversation with her by asking if she met many dates at
parties.
	"Oh, I have a three point eight, so I'm much more attracted to the
strong academic types than to the dumb party animals," she said.  "What's
your G.P.A.?"
	Grinning ear to ear, the jock boasted, "I get about twenty-five in
the city and forty on the highway."


Historians have now definitely established that Juan Cabrillo, discoverer
of California, was not looking for Kansas, thus setting a precedent that
continues to this day.
		-- Wayne Shannon


Ya know, Quaker Oats make you feel good twice!


ROMEO: Courage, man; the hurt cannot be much.
MERCUTIO: No, 'tis not so deep as a well, nor so wide as a church-
	door; but 'tis enough, 'twill serve.


She begged and she pleaded for more.
I said, "We've already had four,
	And I'm sure that you've heard,
	Though it's somewhat absurd,
That eros spelt backwards is sore."


Accident, n.:
	A condition in which presence of mind is good,
	but absence of body is better.
		-- Foolish Dictionary


The only certainty is that nothing is certain.
		-- Pliny the Elder


I had a virgin once.  I had to go to Florida for her.  She was twelve
years old, blind in one eye, and carried a stuffed alligator labeled
"Made in Taiwan".
		-- The Stunt Man


ADA:
	Something you need only know the name of to be an Expert in
	Computing.  Useful in sentences like, "We had better develop
	an ADA awareness.
		-- "Datamation", January 15, 1984


IV. The time required for an object to fall twenty stories is greater than or
    equal to the time it takes for whoever knocked it off the ledge to
    spiral down twenty flights to attempt to capture it unbroken.
	Such an object is inevitably priceless, the attempt to capture it
	inevitably unsuccessful.
 V. All principles of gravity are negated by fear.
	Psychic forces are sufficient in most bodies for a shock to propel
	them directly away from the earth's surface.  A spooky noise or an
	adversary's signature sound will induce motion upward, usually to
	the cradle of a chandelier, a treetop, or the crest of a flagpole.
	The feet of a character who is running or the wheels of a speeding
	auto need never touch the ground, especially when in flight.
VI. As speed increases, objects can be in several places at once.
	This is particularly true of tooth-and-claw fights, in which a
	character's head may be glimpsed emerging from the cloud of
	altercation at several places simultaneously.  This effect is common
	as well among bodies that are spinning or being throttled.  A "wacky"
	character has the option of self-replication only at manic high
	speeds and may ricochet off walls to achieve the velocity required.
		-- Esquire, "O'Donnell's Laws of Cartoon Motion", June 1980


I call it the "Madman Theory".  I want the North Vietnamese to believe that
I've reached the point where I might do *anything* to stop the war.  We'll
just slip the word to them that "For God's sake, you know, Nixon is obsessed
about Communism.  We can't restrain him when he's angry -- and he has his
hand on the nuclear button."
		-- Richard M. Nixon


A gangster assembled an engineer, a chemist, and a physicist.  He explained
that he was entering a horse in a race the following week and the three
assembled guys had the job of assuring that the gangster's horse would win.
They were to reconvene the day before the race to tell the gangster how they
each propose to ensure a win.  When they reconvened the gangster started with
the engineer:

Gangster: OK, Mr. engineer, what have you got?
Engineer: Well, I've invented a way to weave metallic threads into the saddle
	  blanket so that they will act as the plates of a battery and provide
	  electrical shock to the horse.
G:	  That's very good!  But let's hear from the chemist.
Chemist:  I've synthesized a powerful stimulant that dissolves
	  into simple blood sugars after ten minutes and therefore
	  cannot be detected in post-race tests.
G:	  Excellent, excellent!  But I want to hear from the physicist before
	  I decide what to do.  Physicist?

Physicist: Well, first consider a spherical horse in simple harmonic motion...


"My code is elegant", "Your code is sneaky", "His code is an ugly hack"
		-- Colin Percival on irregular verbs


You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.


I've enjoyed just about as much of this as I can stand.


Nothing is so often irretrievably missed as a daily opportunity.
		-- Ebner-Eschenbach


The UNIX philosophy basically involves giving you enough rope to
hang yourself.  And then a couple of feet more, just to be sure.


LASER:
	Failed death ray.


When your conscious becomes unconscious, you are drunk.
When your unconscious becomes conscious, you are stoned.


I
am
not
very
happy
acting
pleased
whenever
prominent
scientists
overmagnify
intellectual
enlightenment


Nothing, adj.:
	A man with an erection who walks into a wall and breaks his nose.


Beware the one behind you.


O Lord, grant that we may always be right,
for Thou knowest we will never change our minds.


	GREAT MOMENTS IN AMERICAN HISTORY #21 -- July 30, 1917

On this day, New York City hotel detectives burst in and caught then-
Senator Warren G. Harding in bed with an underage girl.  He bought them
off with a $20 bribe, and later remarked thankfully, "I thought I
wouldn't get out of that under $1000!"  Always one to learn from his
mistakes, in later years President Harding carried on his affairs in a
tiny closet in the White House Cabinet Room while Secret Service men
stood lookout.


Eat prune yogurt for that "get up and go" feeling.


And all that the Lorax left here in this mess
was a small pile of rocks with the one word, "unless."
Whatever THAT meant, well, I just couldn't guess.
That was long, long ago, and each day since that day,
I've worried and worried and worried away.
Through the years as my buildings have fallen apart,
I've worried about it with all of my heart.

"BUT," says the Oncler, "now that you're here,
the word of the Lorax seems perfectly clear!
UNLESS someone like you cares a whole awful lot,
nothing is going to get better - it's not.
So... CATCH!" cries the Oncler.  He lets something fall.
"It's a truffula seed.  It's the last one of all!

"You're in charge of the last of the truffula seeds.
And truffula trees are what everyone needs.
Plant a new truffula -- treat it with care.
Give it clean water and feed it fresh air.
Grow a forest -- protect it from axes that hack.
Then the Lorax and all of his friends may come back!"
		-- Dr. Seuss, "The Lorax"


Coito ergo sum


Hoare's Law of Large Problems:
	Inside every large problem is a small
	problem struggling to get out.


Sailing is fun, but scrubbing the decks is aardvark.
		-- Heard on Noah's ark


When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


Mrs. Kelly is partial to cocks;
Mr. Kelly likes rye on the rocks.
	When he's under the weather
	They can't get together,
So others get into her box.


Q:	How many Zen masters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	None.  The Universe spins the bulb, and the Zen master stays out
	of the way.


According to the obituary notices, a mean and unimportant person never
dies.


Sigmund's wife wore Freudian slips.


The one charm of marriage is that it makes a life of deception a necessity.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Being stoned on marijuana isn't very different from being stoned on
gin.
		-- Ralph Nader


Say something you'll be sorry for, I love receiving apologies.


I had a virgin once.  I had to go to Guatemala for her.  She was blind
in one eye, and she had a stuffed alligator that said, "Welcome to Miami
Beach."
		-- The Stunt Man


April is the cruelest month...
		-- Thomas Stearns Eliot


If the shoe fits, it's ugly.


It wasn't exactly a divorce -- I was traded.
		-- Tim Conway


Money is truthful.  If a man speaks of his honor, make him pay cash.
		-- Lazarus Long


In fact, S. M. Simpson, eventually devised an efficient 24-point Fourier
transform, which was a precursor to the Cooley-Tukey fast Fourier transform
in 1965.  The FFT made all of Simpson's efficient autocorrelation and
spectrum programs instantly obsolete, on which he had worked half a lifetime.
		-- Proc. IEEE, Sept. 1982, p.900


Q:	What is purple and commutes?
A:	A boolean grape.


You will forget that you ever knew me.


	"The pyramid is opening!"
	"Which one?"
	"The one with the ever-widening hole in it!"
		-- The Firesign Theatre,
		   "How Can You Be In Two Places At
		   Once When You're Not Anywhere At All"


We all dream of being the darling of everybody's darling.


It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you look playing the game.


She sells cshs by the cshore.


Never raise your hand to your children -- it leaves your midsection
unprotected.
		-- Robert Orben


VD, n.:
	The gift that keeps on giving.


If it ain't broke, don't fix it.


Sharks are as tough as those football fans who take their shirts off
during games in Chicago in January, only more intelligent.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sex and the Single Amoeba: What Every
		   Teen Should Know"


I'd like to start a new religion.  One that doesn't use a dead young
man as its logo.
		-- Bill Cain, "Stand Up Tragedy"


There are three religious truths:
1. Jews do not recognize Jesus as the Messiah.
2. Protestants do not recognize the Pope as the leader of the
   Christian faith.
3. Baptists do not recognize each other in the liquor store or
   the adult book store.


Life is like a penis: when it's soft you can't beat it, and when it's
hard you get fucked.


