Nuclear war would really set back cable.
		-- Ted Turner


You will step on the night soil of many countries.


I've enjoyed just about as much of this as I can stand.


FEAR:
	What you feel when you see a U-Haul with Texas license plates.


Uh-oh -- I've let the cat out of the bag.  Let me, then,
straightforwardly state the thesis I shall now elaborate:
Making variations on a theme is really the crux of creativity.
		-- Douglas R. Hofstadter, "Metamagical Themas"


Like punning, programming is a play on words.


Eli and Bessie went to sleep.
In the middle of the night, Bessie nudged Eli.
	"Please be so kindly and close the window.  It's cold outside!"
Half asleep, Eli murmured,
	"Nu ... so if I'll close the window, will it be warm outside?"


Do not think by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.


Agree with them now, it will save so much time.


You cannot use your friends and have them too.


'Scuse me, while I kiss the sky!
		-- Robert James Marshall (Jimi) Hendrix


System going down at 5 this afternoon to install scheduler bug.


I live the way I type; fast, with a lot of mistakes.


Here's something to think about:  How come you never see a headline like
`Psychic Wins Lottery.'
		-- Jay Leno


Think lucky. If you fall in a pond, check your pockets for fish.
		-- Darrell Royal


Sometimes the light is all shining on me,
Other times I can hardly see.
Lately it occurs to me
What a long strange trip it's been.
		-- The Grateful Dead, "American Beauty"


Conquering Russia should be done steppe by steppe.


The largest gay community in the U.S. (as a percentage of total population)
is not in San Francisco, but in Iowa Falls, Minnesota (pop. 763), a small
town in which virtually everyone is gay.  In 1976, a group of about 100
gays fleeing persecution in the South settled in the town, and soon won a
majority on the town council.  Ordinances prohibiting heterosexual acts
soon followed.  "After all," said mayor Harry Whalen, "If the Supreme Court
has refused to strike down laws prohibiting homosexual acts, then our
anti-straight laws are equally valid."  Rigorous enforcement of those laws
has resulted in a community that is now almost 100% gay.  Said one long-time
resident: "I've lived here 35 years and didn't want to leave, but I didn't
want to give up sex either.  Then my neighbor Ed came over one night, and
said how about I do it with him, and my wife Millie could do it with his
wife.  Well, I found it wasn't nearly as bad as I thought it was gonna be.
Fact is, I rather like it."


And they shall beat their swords into plowshares, for if you hit a man
with a plowshare, he's going to know he's been hit.


I can't understand why a person will take a year or two to write a
novel when he can easily buy one for a few dollars.
		-- Fred Allen


I will follow the good side right to the fire,
but not into it if I can help it.
		-- Michel Eyquem de Montaigne


I was toilet-trained at gunpoint.
		-- Billy Braver


Telephone books are like dictionaries -- if you know the answer before
you look it up, you can eventually reaffirm what you thought you knew
but weren't sure.  But if you're searching for something you don't
already know, your fingers could walk themselves to death.
		-- Erma Bombeck


Love is eating her even when she's not having her period.


Already the spirit of our schooling is permeated with the feeling that every
subject, every topic, every fact, every professed truth must be submitted
to a certain publicity and impartiality.  All proffered samples of learning
must go to the same assay-room and be subjected to common tests.  It is the
essence of all dogmatic faiths to hold that any such "show-down" is
sacrilegious and perverse.  The characteristic of religion, from their point
of view, is that it is intellectually secret, not public; peculiarly revealed,
not generally known; authoritatively declared, not communicated and tested
in ordinary ways...It is pertinent to point out that, as long as religion
is conceived as it is now by the great majority of professed religionists,
there is something self-contradictory in speaking of education in religion
in the same sense in which we speak of education in topics where the method
of free inquiry has made its way.  The "religious" would be the last to be
willing that either the history of the content of religion should be taught
in this spirit; while those to whom the scientific standpoint is not merely
a technical device, but is the embodiment of the integrity of mind, must
protest against its being taught in any other spirit.
		-- John Dewey, "Democracy in the Schools" (1908)


Repartee is something we think of twenty-four hours too late.
		-- Mark Twain


Suicide is the sincerest form of self-criticism.
		-- Donald Kaul


The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it.
		-- Oscar Wilde


A lot of people I know believe in positive thinking,
and so do I.  I believe everything positively stinks.
		-- Lew Col


The more laws and order are made prominent,
the more thieves and robbers there will be.
		-- Lao Tsu


Those of you who think you know it all upset those of us who do.


Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel.
		-- S. Johnson, "The Life of Samuel Johnson" by J. Boswell

In Dr. Johnson's famous dictionary patriotism is defined as the last
resort of the scoundrel.  With all due respect to an enlightened but
inferior lexicographer I beg to submit that it is the first.
		-- Ambrose Bierce

When Dr. Johnson defined patriotism as the last refuge of a scoundrel,
he ignored the enormous possibilities of the word reform.
		-- Sen. Roscoe Conkling

Public office is the last refuge of a scoundrel.
		-- Boies Penrose


	The devout Jew was beside himself because his son had been dating
a shiksa, so he went to visit his rabbi.  The rabbi listened solemnly to
his problem, took his hand, and said, "Pray to God."
	So the Jew went to the synagogue, bowed his head, and prayed, "God,
please help me.  My son, my favorite son, he's going to marry a shiksa, he
sees nothing but goyim..."
	"Your son," boomed down this voice from the heavens, "you think
you got problems.  What about my son?"


Sweater, n.:
	A garment worn by a child when its mother feels chilly.


It takes a special kind of courage to face what we all have to face.


Some men are alive simply because it is against the law to kill them.
		-- Edgar W. Howe


What color is a chameleon on a mirror?


Marry in haste and everyone starts counting the months.


Subpoena, n.:
	From the root "sub", below, and the Latin "poena" for male
	organ or penis.  Therefore, "below the penis" or "by the balls."


A "No" uttered from deepest conviction is better and greater than a
"Yes" merely uttered to please, or what is worse, to avoid trouble.
		-- Mahatma Gandhi


Just about every computer on the market today runs Unix, except the Mac
(and nobody cares about it).
		-- Bill Joy 6/21/85


It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one.


Catch a wave and you're sitting on top of the world.
		-- The Beach Boys


It looks like blind screaming hedonism won out.


For every human problem, there is a neat,
plain solution -- and it is always wrong.
		-- H. L. Mencken


A priest advised Voltaire on his death bed to renounce the devil.
Replied Voltaire, "This is no time to make new enemies."


He who spends a storm beneath a tree, takes life with a grain of TNT.


Trying to be happy is like trying to build a machine for which the only
specification is that it should run noiselessly.


Every harlot was a virgin once.
		-- William Blake


I don't drink, I don't like it, it makes me feel too good.
		-- K. Coates


A truly wise woman never plays leapfrog with a unicorn.


The ecumenical movement has reached a milestone with the agreement on the
text of the first Jewish-Catholic prayer -- one that begins "Oy vay, Maria".


Anyone who has attended a USENIX conference in a fancy hotel can tell you
that a sentence like "You're one of those computer people, aren't you?"
is roughly equivalent to "Look, another amazingly mobile form of slime
mold!" in the mouth of a hotel cocktail waitress.
		-- Elizabeth Zwicky


Have you flogged your kid today?


Blood flows down one leg and up the other.


Snow and adolescence are the only problems
that disappear if you ignore them long enough.


The new priest was so nervous about performing his first mass that he could
hardly speak.  He asked his Monsignor how he could relax.  The Monsignor
replied that it might help relax him to add just a bit of vodka to the water
pitcher.  The next Sunday, after following the Monsignor's advice, the priest
returned to the rectory to find a note from that worthy.

	1. Next time sip rather than gulp.
	2. There are ten commandments, not 12.
	3. There are 12 disciples, not 10.
	4. We do not refer to the cross as the "Big T".
	5. The recommended grace before meals is not,
		"Rub-a-dub-dub, thanks for the grub, Yaaaay, God!"
	6. Do not refer to our Saviour, Jesus Christ, and his
		Apostles as "J.C. and the Boys".
	7. David slew Goliath, he did not kick the shit out of him.
	8. The Father, Son, and the Holy Ghost are never referred
		to as, "Big Daddy, Junior, and the Spook".
	9. It is always the Virgin Mary, never The Mary with the Cherry.
	10. Last, but not least, next Wednesday there will be a
		Taffy-Pulling Contest at St.Peter's, not a Peter-Pulling
		Contest at St. Taffy's.


Where do I find the time for not reading so many books?
		-- Karl Kraus


Just out of curiosity does this actually mean something or have some
of the few remaining bits of your brain just evaporated?
		-- Patricia O Tuama, rissa@killer.DALLAS.TX.US


Obscenity is the crutch of inarticulate motherfuckers.


Eleven reasons a cucumber is better than a man:
	(1)  Cucumbers can stay up all night, and you won't have to
	     sleep in the wet spot.
	(2)  Cucumbers don't play the guitar and try to find
	     themselves.
	(3)  You won't find out later that your cucumber (a) is
	     married, (b) is on penicillin, (c) likes you -- but loves
	     your brother!
	(4)  A cucumber won't care what time of the month it is.
	(5)  A cucumber never wants to get it on when your nails are
	     wet.
	(6)  Cucumbers don't say "Let's keep trying until we have a
	     boy".
	(7)  Cucumbers won't tell you size doesn't count.
	(8)  A cucumber won't leave you for a cheerleader or an ex-nun.
	(9)  Cucumbers don't fall asleep on your chest or drool on the
	     pillow.
	(10) Cucumbers don't care if you make more money than they do.
	(11) With a cucumber, the toilet seat is always the way you
	     left it.


Time sharing: The use of many people by the computer.


There is no royal road to geometry.
		-- Euclid


How apt the poor are to be proud.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Twelfth-Night"


Halley's Comet: It came, we saw, we drank.


The rule is, jam to-morrow and jam yesterday, but never jam today.
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


You can't push on a string.


We are born naked, wet, and hungry, and get slapped on our ass ...
then things get worse.


The Tree of Learning bears the noblest fruit, but noble fruit tastes bad.


If God wanted us to be brave, why did he give us legs?
		-- Marvin Kitman


If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.
		-- Woody Allen


It's all in the mind, ya know.


Dinosaurs aren't extinct.  They've just learned to hide in the trees.


If something has not yet gone wrong then it would
ultimately have been beneficial for it to go wrong.


If you keep your mind sufficiently open, people will throw a lot of
rubbish into it.
		-- William Orton


Pie are not square.  Pie are round.  Cornbread are square.


It is possible that blondes also prefer gentlemen.
		-- Maimie Van Doren


Q:	How many DEC repairmen does it take to fix a flat?
A:	Five; four to hold the car up and one to swap tires.

Q:	How long does it take?
A:	It's indeterminate.
	It will depend upon how many flats they've brought with them.

Q:	What happens if you've got TWO flats?
A:	They replace your generator.


You may get an opportunity for advancement today.  Watch it!


If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
		-- W. E. Hickson


Drinking when we are not thirsty and making love at all seasons, madam:
that is all there is to distinguish us from the other animals.
		-- Pierre de Beaumarchais, "Le Marriage de Figaro"


Be prepared... that's the Boy Scout's solemn creed.
Be prepared... to be clean in word and deed.
Don't solicit for your sister, that's not nice,
Unless you get a good percentage of her price ...
		-- Tom Lehrer


Q:	What do you call a truck load of vibrators?
A:	Toys for twats.


Give a woman an inch and she'll park a car in it.


Yes, but which self do you want to be?


A virgin is chaste.


Pardo's First Postulate:
	Anything good in life is either illegal, immoral, or
fattening.

Arnold's Addendum:
	Anything not fitting into these categories causes cancer in rats.


Only a fool has no doubts.


Would you care to drift aimlessly in my direction?


Antonio Antonio
Was tired of living alonio
He thought he would woo			Antonio Antonio
Miss Lucamy Lu,				Rode off on his polo ponio
Miss Lucamy Lucy Molonio.		And found the maid
					In a bowery shade,
					Sitting and knitting alonio.
Antonio Antonio
Said if you will be my ownio
I'll love you true			Oh nonio Antonio
And buy for you				You're far too bleak and bonio
An icery creamry conio.			And all that I wish
					You singular fish
					Is that you will quickly begonio.
Antonio Antonio
Uttered a dismal moanio
And went off and hid
Or I'm told that he did
In the Antarctical Zonio.


There is no delight the equal of dread.
As long as it is somebody else's.
		-- Clive Barker


If clear thinking created sparks, we could safely store dynamite in James
Watt's office.
		-- Wayne Shannon


Don't let nobody tell you what you cannot do;
don't let nobody tell you what's impossible for you;
don't let nobody tell you what you got to do,
or you'll never know ... what's on the other side of the rainbow...
remember, if you don't follow your dreams,
you'll never know what's on the other side of the rainbow...
		-- melba moore, "the other side of the rainbow"


The reason we need the MX missile system is that the missiles we
currently have in the ground are the Minuteman model, which is very
old.  The Defense Department can't even remember where half of them
are.  Insects have built nests in them.  People have built houses
directly over the silos.  What this means, of course, is that if we
ever needed them to help obliterate all human life on the planet, they
could be a real embarrassment.  I mean, maybe YOU'RE comfortable with
the prospect of missiles that are supposed to represent you barging
over the North Pole trailing shreds of polyester carpeting from some
recreation room in South Dakota, but your strategic defense planners
are not.
		-- Dave Barry, "At Last, the Ultimate Deterrent Against
		   Political Fallout"


Cerebral atrophy, n.:
	The phenomena which occurs as brain cells become weak and sick, and
impair the brain's performance.  An abundance of these "bad" cells can cause
symptoms related to senility, apathy, depression, and overall poor academic
performance.  A certain small number of brain cells will deteriorate due to
everyday activity, but large amounts are weakened by intense mental effort
and the assimilation of difficult concepts.  Many college students become
victims of this dread disorder due to poor habits such as overstudying.

Cerebral darwinism, n.:
	The theory that the effects of cerebral atrophy can be reversed
through the purging action of heavy alcohol consumption.  Large amounts of
alcohol cause many brain cells to perish due to oxygen deprivation.  Through
the process of natural selection, the weak and sick brain cells will die
first, leaving only the healthy cells.  This wonderful process leaves the
imbiber with a healthier, more vibrant brain, and increases mental capacity.
Thus, the devastating effects of cerebral atrophy are reversed, and academic
performance actually increases beyond previous levels.


Bahdges?  We don't need no stinkin' bahdges!
		-- "The Treasure of Sierra Madre"


A critic is a bundle of biases held loosely together by a sense of taste.
		-- Whitney Balliett


Don't get mad, get even.
		-- Joseph P. Kennedy

Don't get even, get jewelry.
		-- Anonymous


Based on what you know about him in history books, what do you think
Abraham Lincoln would be doing if he were alive today?

	(1) Writing his memoirs of the Civil War.
	(2) Advising the President.
	(3) Desperately clawing at the inside of his coffin.
		-- David Letterman


A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.


Griffin's Thought:
	When you starve with a tiger, the tiger starves last.


If we suffer tamely a lawless attack upon our liberty,
we encourage it, and involve others in our doom.
		-- Samuel Adams


Prejudice, n.:
	A vagrant opinion without visible means of support.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Here I sit, my cheeks a flexin',
Just gave birth to another Texan.


Lies!  All lies!  You're all lying against my boys!
		-- Ma Barker


If in any problem you find yourself doing an immense amount of work, the
answer can be obtained by simple inspection.


Manic-depressive, n.:
	Easy glum, easy glow.


Economics, n.:
	Economics is the study of the value and meaning of J. K. Galbraith.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


In youth, it was a way I had
To do my best to please,
And change, with every passing lad,
To suit his theories.

But now I know the things I know,
And do the things I do;
And if you do not like me so,
To hell, my love, with you!
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Indian Summer"


Pedaeration, n.:
	The perfect body heat achieved by having one leg under the
	sheet and one hanging off the edge of the bed.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


I'm not sure I've even got the brains to be President.
		-- Barry Goldwater, in 1964


Speer's 1st Law of Proofreading:
	The visibility of an error is inversely proportional to the
number of times you have looked at it.


Never be led astray onto the path of virtue.


A drunk was sitting at the end of the bar in a popular singles' place,
watching a young, good-looking man working his way through the women.  The
guy didn't appear to be having much luck, and he was only spending a few
moments with each woman.  As he worked his way closer, while he couldn't
hear what the young man was saying, he realized that the women were somewhat
shocked at his approach.  Finally, the man approaches a pretty brunette and
they hit it off immediately.  After a bit of quiet conversation, she handed
the young man her hotel key and they started off for the elevators.  As they
passed the drunk, he stopped the lucky one and asked him what his method was.
	"Well," the man replied, "It's simple.  You say 'Tickle your ass
with a feather?'  If she sounds interested, you take it from there.  If she
sounds angry, you smile and say 'Typically nasty weather.'"
	The drunk says "Ohhhhh, got it, I got it!" and walks over to a woman
at the end of the bar to try out his new approach.  Getting her attention,
he smiles and says "Fuck me!"
	"What?!?!?" she screams.
	"Raining like hell, isn't it?"


Never underestimate the power of a small tactical nuclear weapon.


Things Charles Darwin did not say:

Finches, eh? Seen one, seem 'em all.


I distrust a man who says when.  If he's got to be careful not to drink
too much, it's because he's not to be trusted when he does.
		-- Sidney Greenstreet, "The Maltese Falcon"


Cold hands, no gloves.


	A reverend wanted to telephone another reverend.  He told the operator,
"This is a parson to parson call."
	A farmer with extremely prolific hens posted the following sign.  "Free
Chickens.  Our Coop Runneth Over."
	Two brothers, Mort and Bill, like to sail.  While Bill has a great
deal of experience, he certainly isn't the rigger Mort is.
	Inheritance taxes are getting so out of line, that the deceased family
often doesn't have a legacy to stand on.
	The judge fined the jaywalker fifty dollars and told him if he was
caught again, he would be thrown in jail.  Fine today, cooler tomorrow.
	A rock store eventually closed down; they were taking too much for
granite.


		(to "The Caissons Go Rolling Along")
Scratch the disks, dump the core,	Shut it down, pull the plug
Roll the tapes across the floor,	Give the core an extra tug
And the system is going to crash.	And the system is going to crash.
Teletypes smashed to bits.		Mem'ry cards, one and all,
Give the scopes some nasty hits		Toss out halfway down the hall
And the system is going to crash.	And the system is going to crash.
And we've also found			Just flip one switch
When you turn the power down,		And the lights will cease to twitch
You turn the disk readers into trash.	And the tape drives will crumble
						in a flash.
Oh, it's so much fun,			When the CPU
Now the CPU won't run			Can print nothing out but "foo,"
And the system is going to crash.	The system is going to crash.


Pedro Guerrero was playing third base for the Los Angeles Dodgers in 1984
when he made the comment that earns him a place in my Hall of Fame.  Second
baseman Steve Sax was having trouble making his throws.  Other players were
diving, screaming, signaling for a fair catch.  At the same time, Guerrero,
at third, was making a few plays that weren't exactly soothing to manager
Tom Lasorda's stomach.  Lasorda decided it was time for one of his famous
motivational meetings and zeroed in on Guerrero: "How can you play third
base like that?  You've gotta be thinking about something besides baseball.
What is it?"
	"I'm only thinking about two things," Guerrero said.  "First, `I
hope they don't hit the ball to me.'"  The players snickered, and even
Lasorda had to fight off a laugh.  "Second, `I hope they don't hit the ball
to Sax.'"
		-- Joe Garagiola, "It's Anybody's Ball Game"


	A circus foreman was making the rounds inspecting the big top when
a scrawny little man entered the tent and walked up to him.  "Are you the
foreman around here?" he asked timidly.  "I'd like to join your circus; I
have what I think is a pretty good act."
	The foreman nodded assent, whereupon the little man hurried over to
the main pole and rapidly climbed up to the very tip-top of the big top.
Drawing a deep breath, he hurled himself off into the air and began flapping
his arms furiously.  Amazingly, rather than plummeting to his death the little
man began to fly all around the poles, lines, trapezes and other obstacles,
performing astounding feats of aerobatics which ended in a long power dive
from the top of the tent, pulling up into a gentle feet-first landing beside
the foreman, who had been nonchalantly watching the whole time.
	"Well," puffed the little man.  "What do you think?"
	"That's all you do?" answered the foreman scornfully.  "Bird
imitations?"


It appears that PL/I (and its dialects) is, or will be, the
most widely used higher level language for systems programming.
		-- J. Sammet


It will be advantageous to cross the great stream ... the Dragon is on
the wing in the Sky ... the Great Man rouses himself to his Work.


INNUENDO:
	Italian enema.


New York:
	Where men are men, sheep enjoy it, and lepers laugh their heads off.


Fortune's Contribution of the Month to the Animal Rights Debate:

	I'll stay out of animals' way if they'll stay out of mine.
	"Hey you, get off my plate"
		-- Roger Midnight


Suaviter in modo, fortiter in re.
Se non e vero, e ben trovato.


Worrying is like rocking in a rocking chair--
It gives you something to do, but it doesn't get you anywhere.


I have a map of the United States.  It's actual size.
I spent last summer folding it.
People ask me where I live, and I say, "E6".
		-- Steven Wright


He played the king as if afraid someone else would play the ace.
		-- John Mason Brown, drama critic


Are Women Human?
In the year 584, in Lyon, France, 43 Catholic bishops and 20 men
representing other bishops, after a lengthy debate, took a vote.
The results were 32 yes, 31 no.  Women were declared human by one
vote.


PS: This message is not intended to supply the minimum
daily requirement of serious thought.  Consult your doctor
or pharmacist, but not the one that just sent you electronic
junk mail or promises to make explicit drugs fast.
		-- taken from Norman Wilson's .sig


A gorgeous young sophomore is having an affair with her English
professor.  She goes home to visit her family for Christmas vacation
and when she gets back, she immediately invites him over for the
night.  As soon as he walks through the door she hugs him and
asks, "Were you blue while I was away?"
	"Blown, my dear," the professor corrects her, "blown."


I pledge allegiance to the flag
of the United States of America
and to the republic for which it stands,
one nation,
indivisible,
with liberty
and justice for all.
		-- Francis Bellamy, 1892


Hard, adj.:
	The quality of your own data; also how it is to believe those
	of other people.


Education and religion are two things not regulated by supply and
demand.  The less of either the people have, the less they want.
		-- Charlotte Observer, 1897


It is most dangerous nowadays for a husband to pay any attention to his
wife in public.  It always makes people think that he beats her when
they're alone.  The world has grown so suspicious of anything that looks
like a happy married life.
		-- Oscar Wilde


John			Dame May		Oscar
Was Gay			Was Whitty		Was Wilde
But Gerard Hopkins	But John Greenleaf	But Thornton
Was Manley		Was Whittier		Was Wilder
		-- Willard Espy


It's better to be quotable than to be honest.
		-- Tom Stoppard


Judges, as a class, display, in the matter of arranging alimony, that
reckless generosity which is found only in men who are giving away
someone else's cash.
		-- P. G. Wodehouse, "Louder and Funnier"


