Tout choses sont dites deja, mais comme
personne n'ecoute, il faut toujours recommencer.
		-- A. Gide


If you go parachuting, and your parachute doesn't open, and your friends are
all watching you fall, I think a funny gag would be to pretend you were
swimming.
		-- Jack Handey


Embarrassment, n.:
	Finding out your German Shepherd has the clap.


She was only:
	a coal digger's daughter, but she'll always be mine.
	a statistician's daughter, but she knew all the standard deviations.
	a wrestler's daughter, but you should have seen her box.
	a moonshiner's daughter, but I loved her still.
	a chimney sweep's daughter, but she sure knew how to haul ash.
	a fireman's daughter, but her face was a cause for alarm.
	a banker's daughter, but she opened her drawers for cash.


I thought Jackie O. was something you did in the bathroom.
		-- Strange de Jim


The world is coming to an end...  SAVE YOUR BUFFERS!!


If the shoe fits, it's ugly.


Gross, adj.:
	When your bloody mary still has the string in it.


There's such a thing as too much point on a pencil.
		-- H. Allen Smith, "Let the Crabgrass Grow"


You will be dead within a year.


I think every good Christian ought to kick Falwell right in the ass.
		-- Barry Goldwater


Science may someday discover what faith has always known.


Earth is a great, big funhouse without the fun.
		-- Jeff Berner


There *is* no such thing as a civil engineer.


The VFW represents many who died to give this country a second chance
to make it what it is supposed to be -- God's guest house on earth.
		-- John Wayne


Fortune's nomination for All-Time Champion and Protector of Youthful Morals
goes to Representative Clare E. Hoffman of Michigan.  During an impassioned
House debate over a proposed bill to "expand oyster and clam research," a
sharp-eared informant transcribed the following exchange between our hero
and Rep. John D. Dingell, also of Michigan.

Dingell: "There are places in the world at the present time where we are
	  having to artificially propagate oysters and clams."
Hoffman: "You mean the oysters I buy are not nature's oysters?"
Dingell: "They may or may not be natural.  The simple fact of the matter is
	  that female oysters through their living habits cast out large
	  amounts of seed and the male oysters cast out large amounts of
	  fertilization."
Hoffman: "Wait a minute!  I do not want to go into that.  There are many
	  teenagers who read The Congressional Record."


Even a hawk is an eagle among crows.


JOB INTERVIEW:
	The excruciating process during which personnel officers
	separate the wheat from the chaff -- then hire the chaff.


Inspector:	"Mrs. Freem, was this your husband's first
			hunting accident?"
Mrs. Freem:	"His first fatal one, yes."
		-- Woody Allen


Our policy is, when in doubt, do the right thing.
		-- Roy L. Ash, ex-president, Litton Industries


The 357.73 Theory --
	Auditors always reject expense accounts
	with a bottom line divisible by 5.


When the President does it, that means it is not illegal.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


If God wanted us to have a President,
He would have sent us a candidate.
		-- Jerry Dreshfield


Love letters no longer they write us,
To their homes they so seldom invite us.
	It grieves me to say,
	They have learned with dismay,
We can't cure their "vulva pruritus."


Alimony is a system by which, when two people make a mistake, one of
them keeps paying for it.
		-- Peggy Joyce


The use of anthropomorphic terminology when dealing with computing systems
is a symptom of professional immaturity.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


We must believe that it is the darkest before the dawn
of a beautiful new world.  We will see it when we believe it.
		-- Saul Alinsky


You will be surrounded by luxury.


They are relatively good but absolutely terrible.
		-- Alan Kay, commenting on Apollos


Hacker, n.:
	Originally, any person with a knack for coercing stubborn inanimate
things; hence, a person with a happy knack, later contracted by the mythical
philosopher Frisbee Frobenius to the common usage, "hack."
	In olden times, upon completion of some particularly atrocious body
of coding that happened to work well, culpable programmers would gather in
a small circle around a first edition of Knuth's Best Volume I by candlelight,
and proceed to get very drunk while sporadically rending the following ditty:

		Hacker's Fight Song

		He's a Hack!  He's a Hack!
		He's a guy with the happy knack!
		Never bungles, never shirks,
		Always gets his stuff to work!

All take a drink (important!)


... difference of opinion is advantageous in religion.  The several sects
perform the office of a common censor morum over each other.  Is uniformity
attainable?  Millions of innocent men, women, and children, since the
introduction of Christianity, have been burnt, tortured, fined, imprisoned;
yet we have not advanced one inch towards uniformity.
		-- Thomas Jefferson, "Notes on Virginia"


Everything you've learned in school as "obvious" becomes less and less
obvious as you begin to study the universe.  For example, there are no
solids in the universe.  There's not even a suggestion of a solid.
There are no absolute continuums.  There are no surfaces.  There are no
straight lines.
		-- R. Buckminster Fuller


Do what you can to prolong your life,
in the hope that someday you'll learn what it's for.


Having the fewest wants, I am nearest to the gods.
		-- Socrates


Marriage, n.:
	The evil aye.


	In the morning, laughing, happy fish heads
	In the evening, floating in the soup.
(chorus):
Fish heads, fish heads, roly-poly fish heads;
Fish heads, fish heads, eat them up. Yum!
	You can ask them anything you want to.
	They won't answer; they can't talk.
(chorus):
	I took a fish head out to see a movie,
	Didn't have to pay to get it in.
(chorus):
	They can't play baseball; they don't wear sweaters;
	They aren't good dancers; they can't play drums.
(chorus):
	Roly-poly fish heads are NEVER seen drinking cappucino in
	Italian restaurants with Oriental women.
(chorus):
	Fishy!
(chorus):
		-- Fish Heads


Remember the... the... uhh.....


All intelligent species own cats.


Here's something to think about:  How come you never see a headline like
`Psychic Wins Lottery.'
		-- Jay Leno


I distrust a man who says when.  If he's got to be careful not to drink
too much, it's because he's not to be trusted when he does.
		-- Sidney Greenstreet, "The Maltese Falcon"


... But if we laugh with derision, we will never understand.  Human
intellectual capacity has not altered for thousands of years so far as we
can tell.  If intelligent people invested intense energy in issues that now
seem foolish to us, then the failure lies in our understanding of their
world, not in their distorted perceptions.  Even the standard example of
ancient nonsense -- the debate about angels on pinheads -- makes sense once
you realize that theologians were not discussing whether five or eighteen
would fit, but whether a pin could house a finite or an infinite number.
		-- S. J. Gould, "Wide Hats and Narrow Minds"


Having discovered the possibility that other creatures could be used
for sexual intercourse, early man was likely to have made many such
attempts ... though it is doubtful that he was so sexually carnivorous
as the Christian and Jewish Adam, who, rabbinical interpreters of the
Old Testament tell us, had intercourse with every creature before God
finally hit upon the idea of woman and created Eve.
		-- R. E. Masters


You look tired.


Pushing 30 is exercise enough.


Hi Jimbo.  Dennis.  Really appreciate the help on the income tax.
You wanna help on the audit now?


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(21) Abortion is wrong.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


You've been leading a dog's life.  Stay off the furniture.


Working with Julie Andrews is like getting hit over the head with
a valentine.
		-- Christopher Plummer


Lisp Users:
Due to the holiday next Monday, there will be no garbage collection.


The finest eloquence is that which gets things done.


I am only one, but I am one.  I cannot do everything, but I can do
something.  And I will not let what I cannot do interfere with what
I can do.
		-- Edward Everett Hale, (1822 - 1909)


Surprise due today.  Also the rent.


Better dead than mellow.


Optimization hinders evolution.


All phone calls are obscene.
		-- Karen Elizabeth Gordon


He who slings mud loses ground.
		-- Chinese proverb


Who are you?


Yeah, there are more important things in life than money,
but they won't go out with you if you don't have any.


Anyone who knows history, particularly the history of Europe, will, I think,
recognize that the domination of education or of government by any one
particular religious faith is never a happy arrangement for the people.
		-- Eleanor Roosevelt


I can't complain, but sometimes I still do.
		-- Joe Walsh


Women's virtue is man's greatest invention.
		-- Cornelia Otis Skinner


In the Top 40, half the songs are secret messages to the teen world to drop
out, turn on, and groove with the chemicals and light shows at discotheques.
		-- Art Linkletter


Good night to spend with family, but avoid arguments with your mate's
new lover.


One day on a busy street corner a huge, burly looking man walked up to a police
officer and asks, "Thcuse me offither, can you tell me where thidee-thid, and
thacramento ith?"
	The police officer didn't reply at all, but just looked away.
	The large man then asked again, but still no reply.  After a few more
attempts which the police officer studiously ignored, the frustrated man
walked away.  An onlooking pedestrian then walked up to the officer and asked,
"Officer, why didn't you tell that man where thirty-third and Sacramento was?"  The police officer replied,
	"Thure, thure, and dit the thit ticked out of me!"


Hangover, n.:
	The wrath of grapes.


Kiss your keyboard goodbye!


The trouble with a kitten is that
When it grows up, it's always a cat
		-- Ogden Nash


IDLENESS:
	Leisure gone to seed.


I am returning this otherwise good typing paper to you because someone
has printed gibberish all over it and put your name at the top.
		-- Professor Lowd, English, Ohio University


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(18) There is no such thing as "war atrocities." War is an atrocity.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Masturbation, n.:
	A self-service elevator.


You may be recognized soon.  Hide.


The future isn't what it used to be.  (It never was.)


Having discovered the possibility that other creatures could be used
for sexual intercourse, early man was likely to have made many such
attempts ... though it is doubtful that he was so sexually carnivorous
as the Christian and Jewish Adam, who, rabbinical interpreters of the
Old Testament tell us, had intercourse with every creature before God
finally hit upon the idea of woman and created Eve.
		-- R. E. Masters


Stability itself is nothing else than a more sluggish motion.


	THEORY
Into love and out again,
	Thus I went and thus I go.
Spare your voice, and hold your pen:
	Well and bitterly I know
All the songs were ever sung,
	All the words were ever said;
Could it be, when I was young,
	Someone dropped me on my head?
		-- Dorothy Parker


A wife lasts only for the length of the marriage, but an ex-wife is there
*for the rest of your life*.
		-- Jim Samuels


It's amazing how much "mature wisdom" resembles being too tired.


Grownups are reluctant to take science fiction seriously, and with good
reason: sci-fi is a hormonal activity, not a literary one.  Its traditional
concerns are all pubescent.  Secondary sexual characteristics are everywhere,
disguised.  Aliens have tentacles.  Telepathy allows you to have sex without
any nasty inconvenience of touching.  Womblike spaceships provide balanced
meals.  No one ever has to grow old -- body parts are replaceable, like
Job's daughters, and if you're lucky you can become a robot.  As for the
adult world, it's simply not there; political systems tend to be naively
authoritarian (there are more lords in science fiction than on public
television) and are often ruled by young boys on quests.  The most popular
sci-fi book in years, Frank Herbert's Dune, sold millions of copies by
combining all these themes: it ends with its adolescent hero conquering the
universe while straddling a giant worm.
		-- Arnold Klein


QOTD:
	"My ambition is to marry a rich woman who's too proud to let
	her husband work."


The man who raises a fist has run out of ideas.
		-- H. G. Wells, "Time After Time"


It's a .88 magnum -- it goes through schools.
		-- Danny Vermin


If people see that you mean them no harm,
they'll never hurt you, nine times out of ten!


Alex came home from a business trip to Chicago and found no one home but his
daughter Rose, who was crying bitterly.
	"What's the matter, darling?" asked Alex.
	"Mommy almost died last night," sobbed Rose.
	"That's nonsense," said the father.  "Why do you say that?"
	"Well," said Rose,"you always told us that when we die we'll see God;
so when I heard Mommy moaning last night I rushed to her bedroom and she was
screaming, "Oh God, here I come," and she would have but Uncle Jerry held her
down."


Time flies like an arrow, but fruit flies like a banana.


If I could drop dead right now, I'd be the happiest man alive!
		-- Samuel Goldwyn


Love may laugh at locksmiths, but he has a profound respect for money bags.
		-- Sidney Paternoster, "The Folly of the Wise"


When you are working hard, get up and retch every so often.


	Leslie West heads for the sticks, to Providence, Rhode Island and
tries to hide behind a beard.  No good.  There are still too many people
and too many stares, always taunting, always smirking.  He moves to the
outskirts of town. He finds a place to live -- huge mansion, dirt cheap,
caretaker included.  He plugs in his guitar and plays as loud as he wants,
day and night, and there's no one to laugh or boo or even look bored.
	Nobody's cut the grass in months.  What's happened to that caretaker?
What neighborhood people there are start to talk, and what kids there are
start to get curious.  A 13 year-old blond with an angelic face misses supper.
Before the summer's end, four more teenagers have disappeared.  The senior
class president, Barnard-bound come autumn, tells Mom she's going out to a
movie one night and stays out.  The town's up in arms, but just before the
police take action, the kids turn up.  They've found a purpose.  They go
home for their stuff and tell the folks not to worry but they'll be going
now.  They're in a band.
		-- Ira Kaplan


You will pay for your sins.
If you have already paid, please disregard this message.


They're only trying to make me LOOK paranoid!


The Anglo-Saxon conscience does not prevent the Anglo-Saxon from
sinning, it merely prevents him from enjoying his sin.
		-- Salvador De Madariaga


You lived with a man who wore white belts?
Laura, I'm disappointed in you.
		-- Remington Steele


Immutability, Three Rules of:
	(1)  If a tarpaulin can flap, it will.
	(2)  If a small boy can get dirty, he will.
	(3)  If a teenager can go out, he will.


Draft beer, not people


Hear about...
	the fine, upstanding young woman who's wonderful laying down?


	"Anything else you wish to draw to my attention, Mr. Holmes ?"
	"The curious incident of the stable dog in the nighttime."
	"But the dog did nothing in the nighttime."
	"That was the curious incident."
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "Silver Blaze"


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#9

Laundry:
	Women do laundry every couple of days.  A man will wear every article
of clothing he owns, including his surgical pants that were hip about eight
years ago, before he will do his laundry.  When he is finally out of clothes,
he will wear a dirty sweatshirt inside out, rent a U-Haul and take his mountain
of clothes to the laundromat.  Men always expect to meet beautiful women at
the laundromat.  This is a myth.

Nicknames:
	If Gloria, Suzanne, Deborah and Michelle get together for lunch,
they will call each other Gloria, Suzanne, Deborah and Michelle.  But if
Mike, Dave, Rob and Jack go out for a brewsky, they will affectionately
refer to each other as Bullet-Head, Godzilla, Peanut Brain and Useless.

Socks:
	Men wear sensible socks.  They wear standard white sweatsocks.
Women wear strange socks.  They are cut way below the ankles, have pictures
of clouds on them, and have a big fuzzy ball on the back.


Intel CPUs are not defective, they just act that way.
		-- Henry Spencer


I read Playboy for the same reason I read National Geographic.
To see the sights I'm never going to visit.


One day, in a bar, a young man walks in with a little dwarf about one foot
tall on his shoulder and orders a beer.  The bartender serves the man a beer;
to his astonishment, the little guy walks down the man's arm, takes a swallow
of the brew and spits it in his face.  After a few minutes the customer
orders another beer and the exact same thing happens.  Well, by this time,
the bartender is getting pretty upset; he figures that the man should take
care of the dwarf.  So he asks the guy, "Why are you letting that guy drink
all your beer and spit it in my face?"
	"Well, sir, when I was on a contract in Saudi Arabia I met this genie
and he granted me three wishes.  I asked for a million dollars, the most
beautiful woman in the world, and a twelve-inch prick.


You should make a point of trying every experience once -- except
incest and folk-dancing.
		-- A. Bax, "Farewell My Youth"


PLUG IT IN!!!


Stay away from flying saucers today.


Take time to reflect on all the things you have, not as a result of your
merit or hard work or because God or chance or the efforts of other people
have given them to you.


Do not rejoice in his defeat, you men,
For though the world stood up
And stopped the bastard,
The bitch that bore him is in heat again.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


	An airplane pilot got engaged to two very pretty women at the same
time.  One was named Edith; the other named Kate.  They met, discovered they
had the same fiancee, and told him.  "Get out of our lives you rascal.  We'll
teach you that you can't have your Kate and Edith, too."


The young girl was having a heart-to-heart talk with her mother on her
first visit home since starting college.
	"Mom, I have to tell you," the girl confessed.  "I lost my virginity
last weekend."
	"I'm not surprised," said her mother.  "It was bound to happen sooner
or later.  I just hope it was a romantic and pleasurable experience."
	"Well, yes and no," the pretty student remarked.  "The first eight
guys felt great, but after them my pussy got real sore."


	Plumbing is one of the easier of do-it-yourself activities,
requiring only a few simple tools and a willingness to stick your arm
into a clogged toilet.  In fact, you can solve many home plumbing
problems, such as annoying faucet drip, merely by turning up the
radio.  But before we get into specific techniques, let's look at how
plumbing works.
	A plumbing system is very much like your electrical system,
except that instead of electricity, it has water, and instead of wires,
it has pipes, and instead of radios and waffle irons, it has faucets
and toilets.  So the truth is that your plumbing systems is nothing at
all like your electrical system, which is good, because electricity can
kill you.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


You can always tell the Christmas season is here when you start getting
incredibly dense, tinfoil-and-ribbon- wrapped lumps in the mail.
Fruitcakes make ideal gifts because the Postal Service has been unable
to find a way to damage them.  They last forever, largely because
nobody ever eats them.  In fact, many smart people save the fruitcakes
they receive and send them back to the original givers the next year;
some fruitcakes have been passed back and forth for hundreds of years.

The easiest way to make a fruitcake is to buy a darkish cake, then
pound some old, hard fruit into it with a mallet.  Be sure to wear
safety glasses.
		-- Dave Barry, "Simple, Homespun Gifts"


HAPPINESS:
	Having your Herpes (Type II) test come back negative.


The best diplomat I know is a fully activated phaser bank.
		-- Scotty


