Memory fault - where am I?


Old timer, n.:
	One who remembers when charity was a virtue and not an organization.


Faith, n.:
	That quality which enables us to
	believe what we know to be untrue.


Said Francesca, "My lack of volition
Is leading me straight to perdition;
	But I haven't the strength
	To go to the length
Of making an act of contrition."
		-- Edward Gorey


Office Automation, n.:
	The use of computers to improve efficiency in the office
	by removing anyone you would want to talk with over coffee.


When people say nothing, they don't necessarily mean nothing.


Due to lack of disk space, this fortune database has been
discontinued.


This guy runs into his house and yells to his wife, "Kathy, pack up your
bags!  I just won the California lottery!"
	"Honey!", Kathy exclaims, "Shall I pack for warm weather or cold?"
	"I don't care," responds the husband. "just so long as you're out
of the house by dinner!"


There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.


All programmers are playwrights and all computers are lousy actors.


I CAN'T come back, I don't know how it works.
		-- Frank Morgan as The Wizard, "The Wizard of Oz"


Ever since prehistoric times, wise men have tried to understand what,
exactly, make people laugh.  That's why they were called "wise men."
All the other prehistoric people were out puncturing each other with
spears, and the wise men were back in the cave saying: "How about:
Would you please take my wife?  No.  How about: Here is my wife, please
take her right now.  No.  How about:  Would you like to take something?
My wife is available.  No.  How about ..."
		-- Dave Barry, "Why Humor is Funny"


For men use, if they have an evil turn, to write it in marble:
and whoso doth us a good turn we write it in dust.
		-- Sir Thomas More


If opportunity came disguised as temptation, one knock would be enough.


Anybody has a right to evade taxes if he can get away with it.  No citizen
has a moral obligation to assist in maintaining his government.
		-- J. P. Morgan


WORK:
	The blessed respite from screaming kids and
	soap operas for which you actually get paid.


Suppose for a moment that the automobile industry had developed at the same
rate as computers and over the same period:  how much cheaper and more
efficient would the current models be?  If you have not already heard the
analogy, the answer is shattering.  Today you would be able to buy a
Rolls-Royce for $2.75, it would do three million miles to the gallon, and
it would deliver enough power to drive the Queen Elizabeth II.  And if you
were interested in miniaturization, you could place half a dozen of them on
a pinhead.
		-- Christopher Evans


	So this traveling salesman got an audience with the Pope.
"Hey, father," he said, "have you heard the joke about the two Polacks
who --"
	"My son," the Pope reminded him, "I'm Polish."
	The salesman thought for a moment.  "That's okay, Father," he
said. "I'll tell it very slowly."


Age and treachery will always overcome youth and skill.


An idle mind is worth two in the bush.


One Bell System - it used to work before they installed the Dimension!


This is NOT a repeat.


Electrocution, n.:
	Burning at the stake with all the modern improvements.


Scribline, n.:
	The blank area on the back of credit cards where one's
	signature goes.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


You cannot propel yourself forward by patting yourself on the back.


... [concerning quotation marks] even if we *_d_i_d* quote anybody in this
business, it probably would be gibberish.
		-- Thom McLeod


If Helen Keller is alone in a forest and falls, does she make a sound?


My girlfriend's favorite erotic position is bending over my credit cards.


I would have you imagine, then, that there exists in the mind of man a block
of wax...  and that we remember and know what is imprinted as long as the
image lasts; but when the image is effaced, or cannot be taken, then we
forget or do not know.
		-- Plato, Dialogs, Theateus 191

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to image activation and termination.]


You know the great thing about TV?  If something important happens
anywhere at all in the world, no matter what time of the day or night,
you can always change the channel.
		-- Jim Ignatowski


Not only is UNIX dead, it's starting to smell really bad.
		-- Rob Pike


If you wish to live wisely, ignore sayings -- including this one.


One day on a busy street corner a huge, burly looking man walked up to a police
officer and asks, "Thcuse me offither, can you tell me where thidee-thid, and
thacramento ith?"
	The police officer didn't reply at all, but just looked away.
	The large man then asked again, but still no reply.  After a few more
attempts which the police officer studiously ignored, the frustrated man
walked away.  An onlooking pedestrian then walked up to the officer and asked,
"Officer, why didn't you tell that man where thirty-third and Sacramento was?"  The police officer replied,
	"Thure, thure, and dit the thit ticked out of me!"


Si jeunesse savait, si vieillesse pouvait.
[If youth but knew, if old age but could.]
		-- Henri Estienne


Q:	What's more fearsome than a grizzly bear with AIDS?
A:	The guy he got it from.


C makes it easy for you to shoot yourself in the foot.  C++ makes that
harder, but when you do, it blows away your whole leg.
		-- Bjarne Stroustrup


Operator, please trace this call and tell me where I am.


To you I'm an atheist; to God, I'm the loyal opposition.
		-- Woody Allen


Tart words make no friends; a spoonful of honey
will catch more flies than a gallon of vinegar.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


At the end of your life there'll be a good rest,
and no further activities are scheduled.


Fortune and love befriend the bold.
		-- Ovid


I thought Jackie O. was something you did in the bathroom.
		-- Strange de Jim


Mother is far too clever to understand anything she does not like.
		-- Arnold Bennett


"Multiply in your head" (ordered the compassionate Dr. Adams) "365,365,365,
365,365,365 by 365,365,365,365,365,365".  He [ten-year-old Truman Henry
Safford] flew around the room like a top, pulled his pantaloons over the
tops of his boots, bit his hands, rolled his eyes in their sockets, sometimes
smiling and talking, and then seeming to be in an agony, until, in not more
than one minute, said he, 133,491,850,208,566,925,016,658,299,941,583,225!"
An electronic computer might do the job a little faster but it wouldn't be
as much fun to watch.
		-- James R. Newman, "The World of Mathematics"


And on the eighth day, we bulldozed it.


What excuses stand in your way?  How can you eliminate them?
		-- Roger von Oech


You're either part of the solution or part of the problem.
		-- Eldridge Cleaver


Toni's Solution to a Guilt-Free Life:
	If you have to lie to someone, it's their fault.


It is possible by ingenuity and at the expense of clarity... {to do almost
anything in any language}.  However, the fact that it is possible to push
a pea up a mountain with your nose does not mean that this is a sensible
way of getting it there.  Each of these techniques of language extension
should be used in its proper place.
		-- Christopher Strachey


If ever the pleasure of one has to be bought by the pain of the other,
there better be no trade. A trade by which one gains and the other loses
is a fraud.
		-- Dagny Taggart, "Atlas Shrugged"


A lively case was in progress in the District Court at Lick Skillet. Judge
Flannery was presiding, and on the witness stand was Tush Bumpass.
	"From where ah was standin'", drawled Tush, "Ah could see he'd
backed 'er up agin' thet there wall, and ef Ah ever sawed a screwin' match,
thet one wuz!"
	"Mr. Bumpass," the Judge interrupted, "I'd prefer that you not use
the word 'screw' in the courtroom. Say 'intercourse' instead."
	Tush looked puzzled. "Intercourse?  Whut's thet, Judge?"
	His Honor sighed.  "It's a technicality of language that you're
probably not aware of.  Never mind.  Please continue."
	"Well, like ah said, he had 'er shoved up agin' thet wall, an' he
was... uh... intercoursin' 'er, an' he give 'er the crossjostle, the Chicago
Stroke, an' she let out with a holler thet..."
	"One moment," interrupted the Bench. "What is this, ah, Chicago
Stroke, Mr. Bumpass?"
	"Well, thet's a technicality of screwin', Judge, thet you're probably
not aware of!"


Musing on her present and past professions as "dominant/sadomasochism
fantasy fulfiller" and dental hygienist, Sybil said, "I couldn't really
understand why I wanted to be a dental hygienist, but years later, after
being in the SM world a long time, I figured it out:  I'm in uniform,
they're not.  I'm standing up, they're lying down.  I'm doing painful
things to them for their own good.  This is so ME."
		-- The Daily Cal, September 29, 1992 In an article titled:
		   "Kinky sex remains alive and whipping despite threat
		    of AIDS, book reveals"


As with most fine things, chocolate has its season.  There is a simple memory
aid that you can use to determine whether it is the correct time to order
chocolate dishes: Any month whose name contains the letter A, E, or U is the
proper time for chocolate.
		-- Sandra Boynton, "Chocolate: The Consuming Passion"


QOTD:
	"The only real difference between men and women is that men are
	crabby all month long."


We must respect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to
the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his
children smart.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Minority Report"


TACKY:
	Serving grape Kool-Aid at religious functions.


Sex without love is an empty experience, but,
as empty experiences go, it's one of the best.
		-- Woody Allen


All true wisdom is found on T-shirts.


I trust the first lion he meets will do his duty.
		-- J. P. Morgan on Teddy Roosevelt's safari


If practice makes perfect, and nobody's perfect, why practice?


Intel CPUs are not defective, they just act that way.
		-- Henry Spencer


You see that fucking fish?
If he'd kept his mouth shut, he wouldn'ta got caught.
		-- Sam Giancana


There is plenty of time before progress goes too far.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Wit, n.:
	The salt with which the American Humorist spoils his cookery...
	by leaving it out.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Your lucky number has been disconnected.


The tree of research must from time to time
be refreshed with the blood of bean counters.
		-- Alan Kay


It is explained that all relationships require a little give and take.  This
is untrue.  Any partnership demands that we give and give and give and at the
last, as we flop into our graves exhausted, we are told that we didn't give
enough.
		-- Quentin Crisp, "How to Become a Virgin"


With a gentleman I try to be a gentleman and a half, and with a fraud I
try to be a fraud and a half.
		-- Otto von Bismarck


BASIC is the Computer Science equivalent of "Scientific Creationism."


One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
		-- Helen Keller


No problem is so large it can't be fit in somewhere.


Willie, looking in the mirror,		Willie with the nursery shears
Sucked the mercury off			Cut off both the baby's ears.
Thinking in his childish error		To the baby so unsightly
It would cure the whooping cough.	Mother raised her eyebrows slightly.

At the funeral his weeping mother	In the family drinking well
Sadly said to Mrs. Brown,		Willie pushed his sister, Nell.
"'Twas a chilly day for Willie		She's there still because it killed her,
When the mercury went down."		Now, we have to buy a filter.


... Our second completely true news item was sent to me by Mr. H. Boyce
Connell, Jr. of Atlanta, Ga., where he is involved in a law firm.  One
thing I like about the South is, folks there care about tradition.  If
somebody gets handed a name like "H. Boyce," he hangs on to it, puts it
on his legal stationery, even passes it to his son, rather than do what
a lesser person would do, such as get it changed or kill himself.
		-- Dave Barry, "This Column is Nothing but the Truth!"


Mieux vaut tard que jamais!


Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance?
		-- Charlie McCarthy


Once he had one leg in the White House and the nation trembled under his
roars.  Now he is a tinpot pope in the Coca-Cola belt and a brother to the
forlorn pastors who belabor halfwits in galvanized iron tabernacles behind
the railroad yards."
		-- H. L. Mencken, writing of William Jennings Bryan,
		   counsel for the supporters of Tennessee's anti-evolution
		   law at the Scopes "Monkey Trial" in 1925.


QOTD:
	"I used to go to UCLA, but then my Dad got a job."


The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one
persists in trying to adapt the world to himself.  Therefore all
progress depends on the unreasonable man.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


I value kindness to human beings first of all, and kindness to animals.  I
don't respect the law; I have a total irreverence for anything connected
with society except that which makes the roads safer, the beer stronger,
the food cheaper, and old men and women warmer in the winter, and happier
in the summer.
		-- Brendan Behan


I suppose some of the variation between Boston drivers and the rest of the
country is due to the progressive Massachusetts Driver Education Manual which
I happen to have in my top desk drawer.  Some of the Tips for Better Driving
are worth considering, to wit:

[131.16d]:
	"Directional signals are generally not used except during vehicle
	inspection; however, a left-turn signal is appropriate when making
	a U-turn on a divided highway."

[96.7b]:
	"When paying tolls, remember that it is necessary to release the
	quarter a full 3 seconds before passing the basket if you are
	traveling more than 60 MPH."


Moderation in all things.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer [Terence]


Rome wasn't burnt in a day.


The only real argument for marriage is that it remains the best method
for getting acquainted.
		-- Heywood Broun


A woman who is guided by the head and not by the heart is a social
pestilence: she has all the defects of the passionate and affectionate
woman, with none of her compensations; she is without pity, without
love, without virtue, without sex.
		-- Honore de Balzac


Better late than never.
		-- Titus Livius (Livy)


Liar, n.:
	A lawyer with a roving commission.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Old Mother Hubbard
Went to the cupboard
To get her poor dog a bone.
When she bent over,
Her Rover took over
And she got a bone of her own.
		-- Andrew "Dice" Clay


Lisp hackers have to be bound (to-do 'it) ...


	Strange memories on this nervous night in Las Vegas.  Five years later?
Six?  It seems like a lifetime, or at least a Main Era -- the kind of peak that
never comes again.  San Francisco in the middle sixties was a very special time
and place to be a part of.  Maybe it meant something.  Maybe not, in the long
run...  There was madness in any direction, at any hour.  If not across the
Bay, then up the Golden Gate or down 101 to Los Altos or La Honda...  You could
strike sparks anywhere. There was a fantastic universal sense that whatever we
were doing was right, that we were winning...
	And that, I think, was the handle -- that sense of inevitable victory
over the forces of Old and Evil.  Not in any mean or military sense; we didn't
need that. Our energy would simply prevail.  There was no point in fighting
-- on our side or theirs.  We had all the momentum; we were riding the crest
of a high and beautiful wave.  So now, less than five years later, you can go
up on a steep hill in Las Vegas and look West, and with the right kind of eyes
you can almost see the high-water mark -- that place where the wave finally
broke and rolled back.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


COMPUTER SCIENCE:
	1) A study akin to numerology and astrology, but lacking the
	   precision of the former and the success of the latter.
	2) The protracted value analysis of algorithms.
	3) The costly enumeration of the obvious.
	4) The boring art of coping with a large number of trivialities.
	5) Tautology harnessed in the service of Man at the speed of light.
	6) The Post-Turing decline in formal systems theory.


I'd love to go out with you, but I never go out on days that end in
"Y".


Paul Revere was a tattle-tale.


The notorious Duchess of Peels
Saw a fisherman fishing for eels.
	Said she, "Would you mind? --
	Shove one up my behind.
I am anxious to know how it feels."


A likely impossibility is always preferable to an unconvincing possibility.
		-- Aristotle


3rd Law of Computing:
	Anything that can go wr
fortune: Segmentation violation -- Core dumped


The sex act is the funniest thing on the face of this earth.
		-- Diana Rigg


Pascal Users:
	The Pascal system will be replaced next Tuesday by Cobol.
	Please modify your programs accordingly.


A little inaccuracy sometimes saves tons of explanation.
		-- H. H. Munroe a.k.a. Saki, "The Square Egg" (1924)


A nasty looking dwarf throws a knife at you.


Men say of women what pleases them; women do with men what pleases them.
		-- DeSegur


Old soldiers never die.  Young ones do.


	A sheet of paper crossed my desk the other day and as I read it,
realization of a basic truth came over me.  So simple!  So obvious we couldn't
see it.  John Knivlen, Chairman of Palomar Repeater Club, an amateur radio
group, had discovered how IC circuits work.  He says that smoke is the thing
that makes ICs work because every time you let the smoke out of an IC circuit,
it stops working.  He claims to have verified this with thorough testing.
	I was flabbergasted!  Of course!  Smoke makes all things electrical
work.  Remember the last time smoke escaped from your Lucas voltage regulator
Didn't it quit working?  I sat and smiled like an idiot as more of the truth
dawned.  It's the wiring harness that carries the smoke from one device to
another in your Mini, MG or Jag.  And when the harness springs a leak, it lets
the smoke out of everything at once, and then nothing works.  The starter motor
requires large quantities of smoke to operate properly, and that's why the wire
going to it is so large.
	Feeling very smug, I continued to expand my hypothesis.  Why are Lucas
electronics more likely to leak than say Bosch?  Hmmm...  Aha!!!  Lucas is
British, and all things British leak!  British convertible tops leak water,
British engines leak oil, British displacer units leak hydrostatic fluid, and
I might add British tires leak air, and the British defense unit leaks
secrets... so naturally British electronics leak smoke.
		-- Jack Banton, PCC Automotive Electrical School


The secret of healthy hitchhiking is to eat junk food.


If you are afraid of loneliness, don't marry.
		-- Anton Chekov


Once you come out as a Pagan bisexual married leatherdyke,
the rest of life is that much easier.


Avoid reality at all costs.


Disclaimer of the Week:
	Any Society Which Requires Disclaimers Has Too Many Goddamn Lawyers.


Anything that is worth doing has been done frequently.  Things hitherto
undone should be given, I suspect, a wide berth.
		-- Max Beerbohm, "Mainly on the Air"


In God we trust; all else we walk through.


You look like a million dollars.  All green and wrinkled.


Virtue is its own punishment.
		-- Denniston

Righteous people terrify me ... virtue is its own punishment.
		-- Aneurin Bevan


Where there is much light there is also much shadow.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Cleaning your house while your kids are still growing is like shoveling
the walk before it stops snowing.
		-- Phyllis Diller


A life lived in fear is a life half lived.


We really don't have any enemies.
It's just that some of our best friends are trying to kill us.


If it were thought that anything I wrote was influenced by Robert Frost,
I would take that particular work of mine, shred it, and flush it down
the toilet, hoping not to clog the pipes.  A more sententious, holding-
forth old bore who expected every hero-worshiping adenoidal little twerp
of a student-poet to hang on to his every word I never saw.
		-- James Dickey


A lost ounce of gold may be found, a lost moment of time never.


Illusion is the first of all pleasures.
		-- Voltaire


FORTUNE PRESENTS FAMOUS LAST WORDS:	#4

Socrates:		I DRANK WHAT!?!?
Tarzan:			Who greased the grape viiiiiiiiiiiinnnneee........
Al Capone:		There's a violin in my violin case!
Pilot, TWA Fl. #343:	What's a mountain goat doing 'way up here?


I'm for bringing back the birch, but only for consenting adults.
		-- Gore Vidal


A classic is something that everybody wants to have read
and nobody wants to read.
		-- Mark Twain quoting Professor Winchester,
		   "The Disappearance of Literature"


If you were attacked by a homosexual, would you beat him off?


Pryor's Observation:
	How long you live has nothing to do
	with how long you are going to be dead.


It's odd, and a little unsettling, to reflect upon the fact that English is
the only major language in which "I" is capitalized; in many other languages
"You" is capitalized and the "i" is lower case.
		-- Sydney J. Harris


I'll give you my opinion of the human race in a nutshell ... their heart's
in the right place, but their head is a thoroughly inefficient organ.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham, "The Summing Up"


In olden times sacrifices were made at the altar --
a practice which is still continued.
		-- Helen Rowland


The sight of his guests filled Lord Cray
At breakfast with horrid dismay,
	So he launched off the spoons
	The pits from his prunes
At their heads as they neared the buffet.
		-- Edward Gorey


Mastery of UNIX, like mastery of language, offers real freedom.  The
price of freedom is always dear, but there's no substitute.
		-- Thomas Scoville


There is Good Information and there is Bad Information and the
Internet is generally pretty neutral about the difference. If you're
a computer, it's all just 0s and 1s.
		-- Joel Achenbach


...[after the announcement of Vanguard] ... Secretary of Defense Charles
Wilson (the same "Engine Charlie" who once told the Senate, "[F]or years
I've thought that what was good for our country was good for General Motors,
and vice versa," probably an accurate analysis) was asked whether the
Russians might beat the Americans into orbit.  "I wouldn't care if they
did," he responded.  (It was later claimed that Wilson favored the
development of the automatic transmission so that he could drive with
one foot in his mouth.)
		-- Smithsonian's Air&Space Magazine, "The Day the Rocket Died"


You will gain money by an immoral action.


Academicians care, that's who.


A computer salesman visits a company president for the purpose of selling
the president one of the latest talking computers.
Salesman:	"This machine knows everything. I can ask it any question
		and it'll give the correct answer.  Computer, what is the
		speed of light?"
Computer:	186,000 miles per second.
Salesman:	"Who was the first president of the United States?"
Computer:	George Washington.
President:	"I'm still not convinced. Let me ask a question.
		Where is my father?"
Computer:	Your father is fishing in Georgia.
President:	"Hah!! The computer is wrong. My father died over twenty
		years ago!"
Computer:	Your mother's husband died 22 years ago. Your father just
		landed a twelve pound bass.


We cannot command nature except by obeying her.
		-- Sir Francis Bacon


A raccoon tangled with a 23,000 volt line today.  The results
blacked out 1400 homes and, of course, one raccoon.
		-- Steel City News


Sometimes I get the feeling that I went to a party on Perry Lane in 1962, and
the party spilled out of the house, and came down the street, and covered the
world.
		-- Robert Stone


What this country needs is a good five dollar plasma weapon.


Fie for shame, you lascivious, lewd, lecherous, libidinous, lustful,
licentious, dirty bum!!


You will think of something funnier than this to add to the fortunes.


Dawn, n.:
	The time when men of reason go to bed.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


No house should ever be on any hill or on anything.
It should be of the hill, belonging to it.
		-- Frank Lloyd Wright


Love is blind but desire doesn't give a good goddam.
		-- James Thurber


	Concerning the war in Vietnam, Senator George Aiken of Vermont noted
in January, 1966, "I'm not very keen for doves or hawks.  I think we need more
owls."
		-- Bill Adler, "The Washington Wits"


Art is the tree of life.  Science is the tree of death.


Give all orders verbally.  Never write anything down
that might go into a "Pearl Harbor File".


Marvelous!  The super-user's going to boot me!
What a finely tuned response to the situation!


FORTRAN is the language of Powerful Computers.
		-- Steven Feiner


The moon is a planet just like the Earth, only it is even deader.


Slick's Three Laws of the Universe:
	1)  Nothing in the known universe travels faster than a bad check.
	2)  A quarter-ounce of chocolate = four pounds of fat.
	3)  There are two types of dirt:  the dark kind, which is
	    attracted to light objects, and the light kind, which is
	    attracted to dark objects.


Let the worthy citizens of Chicago get their liquor the best way
they can. I'm sick of the job.  It's a thankless one and full of grief.
		-- Al Capone


Hatcheck girl:
	"Goodness!  What lovely diamonds!"
Mae West:
	"Goodness had nothin' to do with it, dearie."
		-- "Night After Night", 1932


Dozens of bears are found dead in Alaska and Canada every summer, killed
by blood lost to the voracious mosquito.  The estimated life-expectancy
of a naked man on the tundra in summer is about 15 minutes.  In that
time, approximately 250,000 mosquitoes would have drawn enough blood to
kill him.
		-- Gus McLeavy, "Day-by-Day Trivia Almanac"


I have a friend whose a billionaire.  He invented Cliff's notes.  When
I asked him how he got such a great idea he said, "Well first I...
I just... to make a long story short..."
		-- Steven Wright


