If life is a stage, I want some better lighting.


The more cordial the buyers secretary, the greater
the odds that the competition already has the order.


If you're right 90% of the time, why quibble about the remaining 3%?


Remember Darwin; building a better
mousetrap merely results in smarter mice.


Ain't no right way to do a wrong thing.
		-- The Mad Dogtender


Surprise your boss.  Get to work on time.


I don't discriminate on the basis of sex.
		-- Bisexuality, 101
		[An equal opportunity lover?  Ed.]


Male, n.:
	Life support system for a cock.


Missed the train at the railway station
Oh hell, blast, and damnation!
Asked a lady in there if she had the time,
She said "Yes", and a strong inclination.


It is contrary to reasoning to say that there
is a vacuum or space in which there is absolutely nothing.
		-- Rene Descartes


Q:	How many bureaucrats does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Two.  One to assure everyone that everything possible is being
	done while the other screws the bulb into the water faucet.


Without adventure, civilization is in full decay.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead


Technicality, n.:
	In an English court a man named Home was tried for slander in
	having accused a neighbor of murder.  His exact words were: "Sir
	Thomas Holt hath taken a cleaver and stricken his cook upon the
	head, so that one side of his head fell on one shoulder and the
	other side upon the other shoulder."  The defendant was
	acquitted by instruction of the court, the learned judges
	holding that the words did not charge murder, for they did not
	affirm the death of the cook, that being only an inference.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Once the toothpaste is out of the tube, it's hard to get it back in.
		-- H. R. Haldeman


Hoping to goodness is not theologically sound.
		-- Peanuts


Marriage is a great institution -- but I'm
not ready for an institution yet.
		-- Mae West


People are unconditionally guaranteed to be full of defects.


The truth is rarely pure, and never simple.
		-- Oscar Wilde


	One day a mother and daughter are walking around a farming community
and they see a stallion mounting a mare.  The daughter takes in the scene and
turns to her mother. "Mommy, what are those two horses doing?"
	Her mother hastily answered, "The horse on top hurt its hoof, and the
one on the bottom is carrying him back to the stable."
	The daughter shook her head and sadly replied, "Isn't that just the
way it goes?  Try to help someone and you get fucked."


The question is, why are politicians so eager to be president?  What is
it about the job that makes it worth revealing, on national television,
that you have the ethical standards of a slime-coated piece of
industrial waste?
		-- Dave Barry, "On Presidential Politics"


Sooner or later, generals will own you.


Your nature demands love and your happiness depends on it.


4.2 BSD UNIX #57: Sun Jun 1 23:02:07 EDT 1986

You swing at the Sun.  You miss.  The Sun swings.  He hits you with a
575MB disk!  You read the 575MB disk.  It is written in an alien
tongue and cannot be read by your tired Sun-2 eyes.  You throw the
575MB disk at the Sun.  You hit!  The Sun must repair your eyes.  The
Sun reads a scroll.  He hits your 130MB disk!  He has defeated the
130MB disk!  The Sun reads a scroll.  He hits your Ethernet board!  He
has defeated your Ethernet board!  You read a scroll of "postpone until
Monday at 9 AM".  Everything goes dark...
		-- /etc/motd, cbosgd


The difference between America and England is, the English think 100
miles is a long distance and the Americans think 100 years is a long time.


The Worst Prison Guards
	The largest number of convicts ever to escape simultaneously from a
maximum security prison is 124.  This record is held by Alcoente Prison,
near Lisbon in Portugal.
	During the weeks leading up to the escape in July 1978 the prison
warders had noticed that attendances had fallen at film shows which
included "The Great Escape", and also that 220 knives and a huge quantity
of electric cable had disappeared.  A guard explained, "Yes, we were
planning to look for them, but never got around to it."  The warders had
not, however, noticed the gaping holes in the wall because they were
"covered with posters".  Nor did they detect any of the spades, chisels,
water hoses and electric drills amassed by the inmates in large quantities.
The night before the breakout one guard had noticed that of the 36
prisoners in his block only 13 were present.  He said this was "normal"
because inmates sometimes missed roll-call or hid, but usually came back
the next morning.
	"We only found out about the escape at 6:30 the next morning when
one of the prisoners told us," a warder said later.  [...]  When they
eventually checked, the prison guards found that exactly half of the jail's
population was missing.  By way of explanation the Justice Minister, Dr.
Santos Pais, claimed that the escape was "normal" and part of the
"legitimate desire of the prisoner to regain his liberty."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


It's a small world, but I wouldn't want to have to paint it.
		-- Steven Wright


You don't have to know how the computer
works, just how to work the computer.


She called her parakeet Onan, because he spilled his seed.
		-- Dorothy Parker


No woman can endure a gambling husband, unless he is a steady winner.
		-- Lord Thomas Robert Dewar


Just remember: when you go to court, you are trusting your fate to
twelve people that weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty!


Speak softly and own a big, mean Doberman.
		-- Dave Millman


I think...  I think it's in my basement... Let me go upstairs and check.
		-- M. C. Escher


Worst Response To A Crisis, 1985:
	From a readers' Q and A column in TV GUIDE: "If we get involved
	in a nuclear war, would the electromagnetic pulses from
	exploding bombs damage my videotapes?"


I have not yet begun to byte!


He is now rising from affluence to poverty.
		-- Mark Twain


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"Let the programmer be many and the managers few -- then all will
	be productive."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


At twenty-six, Kate, though not promiscuous, had slept with most of the
decent men in public life.
		-- Renata Adler


Never worry about theory as long as the
machinery does what it's supposed to do.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


Cats are smarter than dogs.  You can't make eight cats pull
a sled through the snow.


The smiling Spring comes in rejoicing,
And surly Winter grimly flies.
Now crystal clear are the falling waters,
And bonnie blue are the sunny skies.
Fresh o'er the mountains breaks forth the morning,
The ev'ning gilds the oceans's swell:
All creatures joy in the sun's returning,
And I rejoice in my bonnie Bell.

The flowery Spring leads sunny Summer,
The yellow Autumn presses near;
Then in his turn come gloomy Winter,
Till smiling Spring again appear.
Thus seasons dancing, life advancing,
Old Time and Nature their changes tell;
But never ranging, still unchanging,
I adore my bonnie Bell.
		-- Robert Burns, "My Bonnie Bell"


Tip of the Day:
	Never fry bacon in the nude.


	Once upon a time, there was a fisherman who lived by a great river.
One day, after a hard day's fishing, he hooked what seemed to him to be the
biggest, strongest fish he had ever caught.  He fought with it for hours,
until, finally, he managed to bring it to the surface.  Looking of the edge
of the boat, he saw the head of this huge fish breaking the surface.  Smiling
with pride, he reached over the edge to pull the fish up.  Unfortunately, he
accidentally caught his watch on the edge, and, before he knew it, there was a
snap, and his watch tumbled into the water next to the fish with a loud
"sploosh!"  Distracted by this shiny object, the fish made a sudden lunge,
simultaneously snapping the line, and swallowing the watch.  Sadly, the
fisherman stared into the water, and then began the slow trip back home.
	Many years later, the fisherman, now an old man, was working in a
boring assembly-line job in a large city.  He worked in a fish-processing
plant.  It was his job, as each fish passed under his hands, to chop off their
heads, readying them for the next phase in processing.  This monotonous task
went on for years, the dull *thud* of the cleaver chopping of each head being
his entire world, day after day, week after weary week.  Well, one day, as he
was chopping fish, he happened to notice that the fish coming towards him on
the line looked very familiar.  Yes, yes, it looked... could it be the fish
he had lost on that day so many years ago?  He trembled with anticipation as
his cleaver came down.  IT STRUCK SOMETHING HARD!  IT WAS HIS THUMB!


Democrats buy most of the books that have been banned somewhere.
Republicans form censorship committees and read them as a group.

Republicans consume three-fourths of the rutabaga produced in the USA.
The remainder is thrown out.

Republicans usually wear hats and almost always clean their paint brushes.

Republicans study the financial pages of the newspaper.
Democrats put them in the bottom of the bird cage.

Most of the stuff alongside the road has been thrown out of car
windows by Democrats.
		-- Paul Dickson, "The Official Rules"


God is love, but get it in writing.
		-- Gypsy Rose Lee


There's a handsome boy who tells me how I've changed his past.  He buys me
a brandy...  Could it be he's really just after my ass?
		-- Pete Townshend, "How Many Friends"


Many a bum show has been saved by the flag.
		-- George M. Cohan


AQUARIUS (Jan.20 - Feb.18)
	You are the type of person who never has enough money to do what
	you want.  Don't expect things to get any better today, either.
	As a matter of fact they might get worse.  Intensify your
	relationship with your bank and any friends you have who might be
	able to lend you a few bucks.


If you just try long enough and hard enough, you can always manage to boot
yourself in the posterior.
		-- A. J. Liebling, "The Press"


		The Three Major Kind of Tools

* Tools for hitting things to make them loose or to tighten them up or
  jar their many complex, sophisticated electrical parts in such a
  manner that they function perfectly.  (These are your hammers, maces,
  bludgeons, and truncheons.)

* Tools that, if dropped properly, can penetrate your foot.  (Awls)

* Tools that nobody should ever use because the potential danger is far
  greater than the value of any project that could possibly result.
  (Power saws, power drills, power staplers, any kind of tool that uses
  any kind of power more advanced than flashlight batteries.)
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


The days are all empty and the nights are unreal.


	One day it was announced that the young monk Kyogen had reached
an enlightened state.  Much impressed by this news, several of his peers
went to speak with him.
	"We have heard that you are enlightened.  Is this true?" his fellow
students inquired.
	"It is", Kyogen answered.
	"Tell us", said a friend, "how do you feel?"
	"As miserable as ever", replied the enlightened Kyogen.


QOTD:
	"Everything I am today I owe to people, whom it is now
	too late to punish."


The Great Movie Posters:

SHE TOOK ON A WHOLE GANG! A howling hellcat humping a hot steel hog
on a roaring rampage of revenge!
		-- Bury Me an Angel (1972)

WHAT'S THE SECRET INGREDIENT USED BY THE MAD BUTCHER FOR HIS SUPERB
SAUSAGES?
		-- Meat is Meat (1972)

TODAY the Pond!
TOMORROW the World!
		-- Frogs (1972)


Your mothers ghost stands at your shoulder
Face like ice, a little bit colder
She says "You can't do that it breaks all the rules
You learned in school"
But I don't really see
Why can't we go on as three?
		-- David Crosby, "Triad"


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(10) Liberalism poisons the soul.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


	A ten-year-old kid came home from school one day, and when his mom
asked how was school he says: "Gee, great, mom.  I got laid!"
	She's shocked and sends him upstairs, where his dad finds him after
work.  "Mommy told me about your day at school, Billy, and I think we men
should keep it a secret.  Women just don't understand these things."
	So every night Dad goes up to Billy's room after Mom tucks him in:
"You get laid today, Billy?"
	"Yeah, Dad."
	"How was it?"
	"Real neat, Dad, I liked it a lot."
	"Good Boy!".
	A month later: "You get laid today?"
	"No, Dad."
	"No?  How come?"
	"Gee, Dad, my ass is getting really sore."


Gosh that takes me back... or is it forward?  That's the trouble with
time travel, you never can tell.
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who: Androids of Tara"


Fats Loves Madelyn.


You cannot propel yourself forward by patting yourself on the back.


Such evil deeds could religion prompt.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


History is curious stuff
	You'd think by now we had enough
Yet the fact remains I fear
	They make more of it every year.


Hear about...
	the female activist who went berserk during a demonstration and
	attacked a karate-trained cop with a deadly weapon.  She ended
	up a chopped libber?


No one so thoroughly appreciates the value of constructive criticism as the
one who's giving it.
		-- Hal Chadwick


And the French medical anatomist Etienne Serres really did argue that
black males are primitive because the distance between their navel and
penis remains small (relative to body height) throughout life, while
white children begin with a small separation but increase it during
growth -- the rising belly button as a mark of progress.
		-- S. J. Gould, "Racism and Recapitulation"


Justice is incidental to law and order.
		-- J. Edgar Hoover


Life is a shit sandwich, and every day you get to take another bite.
It's just that some days are TWO BITE days ...


DuPont, I.G., Monsanto, and Shell
Built a world-circling pussy cartel,
	And by planned obsolescence,
	So controlled detumescence,
A poor man could not get a smell.


