To be is to be related.
		-- C. J. Keyser


Computerfirm nymphomaniac, n.:
	Hot Apple pie.


It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.
		-- Roger Babson


Pig, n.:
	An animal (Porcus omnivorous) closely allied to the human race
	by the splendor and vivacity of its appetite, which, however,
	is inferior in scope, for it balks at pig.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


To have died once is enough.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)


When in doubt, do it.  It's much easier
to apologize than to get permission.
		-- Grace Murray Hopper


In Minnesota they ask why all football fields in Iowa have artificial turf.
It's so the cheerleaders won't graze during the game.


There is not a man in the country that can't make a living for himself and
family.  But he can't make a living for them *and* his government, too,
the way his government is living.  What the government has got to do is
live as cheap as the people.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


Laetrile is the pits.


I don't drink, I don't like it, it makes me feel too good.
		-- K. Coates


The distinction between true and false appears to become
increasingly blurred by... the pollution of the language.
		-- Arne Tiselius


A [golf] ball hitting a tree shall be deemed not to have hit the tree.
Hitting a tree is simply bad luck and has no place in a scientific game.
The player should estimate the distance the ball would have traveled if it
had not hit the tree and play the ball from there, preferably atop a nice
firm tuft of grass.
		-- Donald A. Metz


Fat Liberation: because a waist is a terrible thing to mind.


Everyone is more or less mad on one point.
		-- Rudyard Kipling


It would save me a lot of time if you just gave up and went mad now.


Optimist, n.:
	A bagpiper with a beeper.


A man may be so much of everything that he is nothing of anything.
		-- Samuel Johnson


For those who like this sort of thing, this is the sort of thing they like.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


The difference between us is not very far,
cruising for burgers in daddy's new car.


Q:	What do you have when you have a lawyer buried up to his neck in sand?
A:	Not enough sand.


Some of the greatest love affairs I've known have involved one actor,
unassisted.
		-- Wilson Mizner


Truth never comes into the world but like a bastard, to the ignominy
of him that brought her birth.
		-- Milton


One good thing about music,
Well, it helps you feel no pain.
So hit me with music;
Hit me with music now.
		-- Bob Marley, "Trenchtown Rock"


Don't go to bed with no price on your head.
		-- Baretta


Hear about...
	the new breakfast cereal called "Swingers".  They don't go snap,
	crackle, or pop; they just lie there and go bang, bang, bang?


Mater artium necessitas.
	[Necessity is the mother of invention].


This isn't true in practice -- what we've missed out is Stradivarius's
constant.  And then the aside: "For those of you who don't know, that's
been called by others the fiddle factor..."
		-- From a 1B Electrical Engineering lecture


College football is a game which would be much more interesting if the
faculty played instead of the students, and even more interesting if
the trustees played.  There would be a great increase in broken arms,
legs, and necks, and simultaneously an appreciable diminution in the
loss to humanity.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Before I knew the best part of my life had come, it had gone.


Text processing has made it possible to right-justify any idea, even
one which cannot be justified on any other grounds.
		-- J. Finnegan, USC


Nothing makes one so vain as being told that one is a sinner.
Conscience makes egotists of us all.
		-- Oscar Wilde


After making a daring escape from the penitentiary, the convict eluded
bloodhounds and police roadblocks and dodged helicopter searchlights on
his way to see his wife.  Finally sneaking in the back entrance, he knocked
on the door and smiled triumphantly as she opened it.  "Where the hell have
you been?" she blared.  "You busted out more than six hours ago!"


Logic is a pretty flower that smells bad.


An apple every eight hours will keep three doctors away.


The big question is why in the course of evolution the males permitted
themselves to be so totally eclipsed by the females.  Why do they tolerate
this total subservience, this wretched existence as outcasts who are
hungry all the time?


A well-known friend is a treasure.


If you're constantly being mistreated,
you're cooperating with the treatment.


You can't go home again, unless you set $HOME.


The error of youth is to believe that intelligence is a substitute
for experience, while the error of age is to believe experience is
a substitute for intelligence.
		-- Lyman Bryson


Don't put off for tomorrow what you can do today because
if you do it today, you can do it again tomorrow.


... we must counterpose the overwhelming judgment provided by consistent
observations and inferences by the thousands.  The earth is billions of
years old and its living creatures are linked by ties of evolutionary
descent.  Scientists stand accused of promoting dogma by so stating, but
do we brand people illiberal when they proclaim that the earth is neither
flat nor at the center of the universe?  Science *has* taught us some
things with confidence!  Evolution on an ancient earth is as well
established as our planet's shape and position.  Our continuing struggle
to understand how evolution happens (the "theory of evolution") does not
cast our documentation of its occurrence -- the "fact of evolution" --
into doubt.
		-- Stephen Jay Gould, "The Verdict on Creationism",
		   The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. XII No. 2.


Why don't elephants eat penguins ?

Because they can't get the wrappers off ...


My problem lies in reconciling my gross habits with my net income.
		-- Errol Flynn

Any man who has $10,000 left when he dies is a failure.
		-- Errol Flynn


Nine out of ten men who preferred Camels have switched back to women.


MARRIAGE:
	Convertible bonds.


Can't act.  Slightly bald.  Also dances.
		-- RKO executive, reacting to Fred Astaire's screen test
		   Cerf/Navasky, "The Experts Speak"


If a group of N persons implements a COBOL compiler,
there will be N-1 passes.  Someone in the group has to be the manager.
		-- T. Cheatham


Her days were spent in a kind of slow bustle; always busy without
getting on, always behind hand and lamenting it, without altering
her ways; wishing to be an economist, without contrivance or
regularity; dissatisfied with her servants, without skill to make
them better, and whether helping, or reprimanding, or indulging
them, without any power of engaging their respect.
		-- J. Austen


You might have mail.


	The young male race horse came from a long line of winners, and did
wonderfully in time trials.  However, in actual races he proved a little too
romantic, and could never quite bring himself to pass a mare.
	So one day the trainer went to him and told him he'd have to be
castrated.  The young horse, knowing that it was either this or the glue
factory, took it philosophically.  After all, having the operation was
almost a certain guarantee of a long and illustrious racing career.
	After a short recovery period, the horse was again run in time
trials, and found to do as well as ever.  But the first time he actually
ran in a race, he only went about ten paces, before getting a dejected look
on his face, turning around, and ambling back to the starting gates.
	"What's the matter?" asked the trainer, "you were doing great!"
	"Yeah, well how would you feel" replied the horse, "if five thousand
people took one look at you and shouted `they're off!'?"


I was drunk last night, crawled home across the lawn.  By accident I
put the car key in the door lock.  The house started up.  So I figured
what the hell, and drove it around the block a few times.  I thought I
should go park it in the middle of the freeway and yell at everyone to
get off my driveway.
		-- Steven Wright


The marvels of today's modern technology include the development of a
soda can, which, when discarded will last forever -- and a $7,000 car
which, when properly cared for, will rust out in two or three years.


Keep your boss's boss off your boss's back.


What sin has not been committed in the name of efficiency?


If built in great numbers, motels will be used for nothing
but illegal purposes.
		-- J. Edgar Hoover


A door is what a dog is perpetually on the wrong side of.
		-- Ogden Nash


No man's ambition has a right to stand in
the way of performing a simple act of justice.
		-- John Altgeld


A language that doesn't affect the way you
think about programming is not worth knowing.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


Its name is Public Opinion.  It is held in reverence.
It settles everything.  Some think it is the voice of God.
		-- Mark Twain


I'm fed up to the ears with old men dreaming up wars for young men to die in.
		-- George McGovern


HEY KIDS!  ANN LANDERS SAYS:
	Be sure it's true, when you say "I love you".  It's a sin to
	tell a lie.  Millions of hearts have been broken, just because
	these words were spoken.


He who is in love with himself has at least this advantage -- he won't
encounter many rivals.
		-- Georg Lichtenberg, "Aphorisms"


It's amazing how much better you feel once you've given up hope.


	A musical reviewer admitted he always praised the first show of a
new theatrical season.  "Who am I to stone the first cast?"


Katz' Law:
	Men and nations will act rationally when
	all other possibilities have been exhausted.

History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have
exhausted all other alternatives.
		-- Abba Eban


Ah, my friends, from the prison, they ask unto me,
"How good, how good does it feel to be free?"
And I answer them most mysteriously:
"Are birds free from the chains of the sky-way?"
		-- Bob Dylan


Envy is a pain of mind that successful men cause their neighbors.
		-- Onasander


Omnibiblious, adj.:
	Indifferent to type of drink.  Ex: "Oh, you can get me anything.
	I'm omnibiblious."


Q:	What do you get when cross a lawyer with a sorority girl??
A:	A woman that, when she goes down on you, gets blood.


Today is the last day of your life so far.


Friends, Romans, Hipsters,
Let me clue you in;
I come to put down Caesar, not to groove him.
The square kicks some cats are on stay with them;
The hip bits, like, go down under; so let it lay with Caesar.  The cool Brutus
Gave you the message: Caesar had big eyes;
If that's the sound, someone's copping a plea,
And, like, old Caesar really set them straight.
Here, copacetic with Brutus and the studs, -- for Brutus is a real cool cat;
So are they all, all cool cats, --
Come I to make this gig at Caesar's laying down.


When Snow White turns on with the dwarfs she probably winds up feeling Dopey.


If a group of N persons implements a COBOL compiler,
there will be N-1 passes.  Someone in the group has to be the manager.
		-- T. Cheatham


You can drive a horse to water, but a pencil must be lead.


Just think -- blessed SCSI cables!  Do a big enough sacrifice and create
a +5 blessed SCSI cable of connectivity.
		-- Lionel Lauer


An infallible method of conciliating a tiger
is to allow oneself to be devoured.
		-- Konrad Adenauer


Silly is a state of Mind, Stupid is a way of Life.


If your mother knew what you're doing,
she'd probably hang her head and cry.


...we must be wary of granting too much power to natural selection
by viewing all basic capacities of our brain as direct adaptations.
I do not doubt that natural selection acted in building our oversized
brains -- and I am equally confident that our brains became large as
an adaptation for definite roles (probably a complex set of interacting
functions).  But these assumptions do not lead to the notion, often
uncritically embraced by strict Darwinians, that all major capacities
of the brain must arise as direct products of natural selection.
		-- S. J. Gould, "The Mismeasure of Man"


The best thing that comes out of Iowa is I-80.


Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee
And I'll forgive Thy great big one on me.
		-- Robert Frost


Real programmers disdain structured programming.  Structured
programming is for compulsive neurotics who were prematurely toilet-
trained.  They wear neckties and carefully line up pencils on otherwise
clear desks.


One is not superior merely because one sees the world as odious.
		-- Chateaubriand (1768-1848)


Going the speed of light is bad for your age.


It is better to have Uranus in Cancer than to have Cancer in Uranus.


An angst-ridden amorist, Fred,
Saw sartorial changes ahead.
	His mind kept on ringing
	With fishy girls singing;
Soft fruit also filled him with dread.
		-- J. Walker, "The Love Song Of J. Alfred Prufrock"


It is against the law for a monster to enter the corporate limits of
Urbana, Illinois.


You attempt things that you do not even plan
because of your extreme stupidity.


Stamp out organized crime!!  Abolish the IRS.


Conceptual integrity in turn dictates that the design must proceed
from one mind, or from a very small number of agreeing resonant minds.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


Oh, give me a locus where the gravitons focus
	Where the three-body problem is solved,
	Where the microwaves play down at three degrees K,
	And the cold virus never evolved.			(chorus)
We eat algae pie, our vacuum is high,
	Our ball bearings are perfectly round.
	Our horizon is curved, our warheads are MIRVed,
	And a kilogram weighs half a pound.			(chorus)
If we run out of space for our burgeoning race
	No more Lebensraum left for the Mensch
	When we're ready to start, we can take Mars apart,
	If we just find a big enough wrench.			(chorus)
I'm sick of this place, it's just McDonald's in space,
	And living up here is a bore.
	Tell the shiggies, "Don't cry," they can kiss me goodbye
	'Cause I'm moving next week to L4!			(chorus)

CHORUS:	Home, home on LaGrange,
	Where the space debris always collects,
	We possess, so it seems, two of Man's greatest dreams:
	Solar power and zero-gee sex.
		-- to Home on the Range


Nothing is as simple as it seems at first
	Or as hopeless as it seems in the middle
		Or as finished as it seems in the end.


In 1869 the waffle iron was invented for people who had wrinkled
waffles.


A diva who specializes in risqu'e arias is an off-coloratura soprano.


Ever feel like life was a game and you had the wrong instruction book?


If at first you fricassee, fry, fry again.


Q:	What do you get when you stuff a flaming stick down a rabbit-hole?
A:	Hot cross bunnies!


Carson's Observation on Footwear:
	If the shoe fits, buy the other one too.


The National Short-Sleeved Shirt Association says:
	Support your right to bare arms!


Life is a shit sandwich, and every day you get to take another bite.
It's just that some days are TWO BITE days ...


Winny and I lived in a house that ran on static electricity...
If you wanted to run the blender, you had to rub balloons on your
head... if you wanted to cook, you had to pull off a sweater real quick...
		-- Steven Wright


Share and enjoy, share and enjoy.
Journey through life with a plastic boy or girl by your side.
Let your pal be your guide.
And when it breaks down or starts to annoy,
	or grinds when it moves and gives you no joy,
	'cause it digs up your hat,
	or has sex with your cat,
	sprays oil on your wall or rips off your door,
	and you get to the point you can't stand any more.
Bring it to us, we won't give a shit.
We'll tell you: "Go stick your head in a pig".


Marriage is a great institution -- but I'm
not ready for an institution yet.
		-- Mae West


Q:	What is orange and goes "click, click?"
A:	A ball point carrot.


Clarke's Conclusion:
	Never let your sense of morals interfere with doing the right thing.


They also surf who only stand on waves.


THORNY:
	A thailor at thea.


A computer salesman visits a company president for the purpose of selling
the president one of the latest talking computers.
Salesman:	"This machine knows everything. I can ask it any question
		and it'll give the correct answer.  Computer, what is the
		speed of light?"
Computer:	186,000 miles per second.
Salesman:	"Who was the first president of the United States?"
Computer:	George Washington.
President:	"I'm still not convinced. Let me ask a question.
		Where is my father?"
Computer:	Your father is fishing in Georgia.
President:	"Hah!! The computer is wrong. My father died over twenty
		years ago!"
Computer:	Your mother's husband died 22 years ago. Your father just
		landed a twelve pound bass.


New York now leads the world's great cities in the number of people around
whom you shouldn't make a sudden move.
		-- David Letterman


Does a good farmer neglect a crop he has planted?
Does a good teacher overlook even the most humble student?
Does a good father allow a single child to starve?
Does a good programmer refuse to maintain his code?
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Bingo, gas station, hamburger with a side order of airplane noise,
and you'll be Gary, Indiana.
		-- Jessie, "Greaser's Palace"


Maternity pay?	Now every Tom, Dick and Harry will get pregnant.
		-- Malcolm Smith


	A novice programmer was once assigned to code a simple financial
package.
	The novice worked furiously for many days, but when his master
reviewed his program, he discovered that it contained a screen editor, a set
of generalized graphics routines, and artificial intelligence interface,
but not the slightest mention of anything financial.
	When the master asked about this, the novice became indignant.
"Don't be so impatient," he said, "I'll put the financial stuff in eventually."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Q:	Minnesotans ask, "Why aren't there more pharmacists from Alabama?"
A:	Easy.  It's because they can't figure out how to get the little
	bottles into the typewriter.


Be sure to evaluate the bird-hand/bush ratio.


Bernard was a young eighty-three, not a gomer, and able to talk.  He'd been
transferred from MBH (Man's Best Hospital), the House's Rival.  Founded in
Colonial times by the WASPs, the insemination of MBH by non-WASPs had taken
place only mid-twentieth century with the token multidextrous Oriental
surgeon, and finally, with the token red-hot internal-medicine Jew.  Yet,
MBH was still Brooks Brothers, while the House was still the Garment District.
For Jews at MBH the password was "Dress British, Think Yiddish."  It was
rare to get a TURF from the MBH to the House, and the Fat Man was curious:
"Bernard, you went to the MBH, they did a great work-up, and you told them,
after they got done, you wanted to be transferred here. Why?"
	"I rilly don't know," said Bernard.
	"Was it the doctors there? The doctors you didn't like?"
	"The doctus?  Nah, the doctus I can't complain."
	"The test or the room?"
	"The tests or the room?  Vell, nah, about them I can't complain."
	"The nurses? The food?" asked Fats, but Bernard shook his head no.
Fats laughed and said, "Listen, Bernie, you went to the MBH, they did this
great workup, and when I asked you shy you came to the House of God, all you
tell me is, 'Nah, I can't complain.'  So why did you come here?  Why, Bernie,
why?"
	"Vhy I come heah?  Vell, said Bernie, "Heah I can complain."
		-- House of God


He was so gay he'd never lean his ass on a baseball bat --
scared it'd get serious.


You can't teach people to be lazy --
either they have it, or they don't.
		-- Dagwood Bumstead


Champagne don't make me lazy.
Cocaine don't drive me crazy.
Ain't nobody's business but my own.
		-- Taj Mahal


Breadth-first search is the bulldozer of science.
		-- Randy Goebel


It takes two to tell the truth: one to speak and one to hear.


$100 invested at 7% interest for 100 years will become $100,000, at
which time it will be worth absolutely nothing.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"


	"We've decided to have the budgie put down."
	"Oh, is he very old then?"
	"No, we just don't like him."
	"Oh.  How do they put budgies down anyway?"
	"Well, it's funny you should be asking that, as I've been reading a
great big book called `How to put your budgie down'.  And as I understand it,
you can either hit them over the head with the book, or shoot them there, just
above the beak."
	"Mrs. Conkers flushed hers down the loo."
	"Oh, you don't want to do that, because they breed in the sewers and
pretty soon you get huge evil smelling flocks of soiled budgies flying out
of peoples lavatories infringing their personal freedoms."
		-- Monty Python


Some men are heterosexual, and some are bisexual, and some men don't think
about sex at all... they become lawyers.
		-- Woody Allen


I don't know who my grandfather was; I am much
more concerned to know what his grandson will be.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Someday you'll get your big chance -- or have you already had it?


The Roman Rule
	The one who says it cannot be done should never interrupt the
	one who is doing it.


I have found little that is good about human beings.  In my experience
most of them are trash.
		-- Sigmund Freud


Holy Dilemma!  Is this the end for the Caped Crusader and the Boy Wonder?
Will the Joker and the Riddler have the last laugh?

	Tune in again tomorrow:
	same Bat-time, same Bat-channel!


I had never been too political, but I knew how white people treated black
people and it was hard for me to come back to the bullshit white people
put a black person through in this country.  To realize you don't have any
power to make things different is a bitch.
		-- Miles Davis


If a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far.
		-- Paul White


Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want, and
deserve to get it good and hard.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Little Book in C major", 1916


An efficient and a successful administration manifests
itself equally in small as in great matters.
		-- Winston Churchill


Although a fifth-generation American, Father Sweeny was more Irish than most
of Erin's natives.  He spoke with an Irish brogue which had mysteriously
appeared during his nineteenth year and he *hated* the English.  Due to his
proclivity to belabor the British from his pulpit, complaints to his
superiors were not infrequent.  He would blame anything evil or merely
inconvenient on the English people.  If there was an act of terrorism, the
responsibility was promptly laid at the feet of the Brits.  If there was a
natural disaster, undoubtedly the English government was an accessory to
the fact, if not outrightly culpable.  Repeatedly, his superiors called him
on the carpet for his behavior.  After a particularly vituperative
anti-British broadside, the Bishop instructed Father Sweeny to come straight
to his office; do not pass GO; do not collect two hundred dollars.  Summing
up a humiliating and soul-marking reprimand, the Bishop ended with: "Next
week is Saint Patrick's Day.  If you so much as *mention* the British, it's
your last sermon!"

The following Sunday, as Father Sweeny spoke lovingly and eloquently of
Saint Patrick, and he made a reference to the last Passover celebrated by
Christ and His disciples.  "Sure, an' you're all familiar with the tale.
You know that Our Lord sat at the table and told his disciples that one
among them would betray Him.  As He looked around the table, He stopped at
Peter, the Rock, who said, `Not I, Lord!'  He looked at Thomas, who doubted,
and Thomas said, `I could never do such a thing!'  Then the Lord looked long
and hard at Judas Iscariot, who said, `Cor, bloimy, Guv'na, you couldn't
main may!'"


Q:	What goes red, white, red, white, pink, pink, pink?
A:	Baby in a blender.

Q:	Why do you put a baby in a blender feet first?
A:	So you can watch the expression on its little face.


Be it our wealth, our jobs, or even our homes;
nothing is safe while the legislature is in session.


You know you're getting old when you're Dad, and you're measuring your
daughter for camp clothes, and there are certain measurements only her
mother is allowed to take.


Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.


He's just like Capistrano, always ready for a few swallows.


Envy is a pain of mind that successful men cause their neighbors.
		-- Onasander


If a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far.
		-- Paul White


When I was a boy I was told that anyone could become President.
Now I'm beginning to believe it.
		-- Clarence Darrow


