Programming Department:
	Mistakes made while you wait.


A private sin is not so prejudicial in the world as a public indecency.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


Disclaimer: Any resemblance between the above views and those of my
employer, my terminal, or the view out my window are purely
coincidental.  Any resemblance between the above and my own views is
non-deterministic.  The question of the existence of views in the
absence of anyone to hold them is left as an exercise for the reader.
The question of the existence of the reader is left as an exercise for
the second god coefficient.  (A discussion of non-orthogonal,
non-integral polytheism is beyond the scope of this article.)


Fortune's Office Door Sign of the Week:

	Incorrigible punster -- Do not incorrige.


Diet Mountain Dew has the same pH and density of urine.
		-- Newsweek, 31 July, 1989


Ladies and Gentlemen, Hobos and Tramps,
Cross-eyed mosquitos and bowlegged ants,
I come before you to stand behind you
To tell you of something I know nothing about.
Next Thursday (which is good Friday),
There will be a convention held in the
Women's Club which is strictly for Men.
Admission is free, pay at the door,
Pull up a chair, and sit on the floor.
It was a summer's day in winter,
And the snow was raining fast,
As a barefoot boy with shoes on,
Stood sitting in the grass.
Oh, that bright day in the dead of night,
Two dead men got up to fight.
Three blind men to see fair play,
Forty mutes to yell "Hooray"!
Back to back, they faced each other,
Drew their swords and shot each other.
A deaf policeman heard the noise,
Came and arrested those two dead boys.


Yeah, God is dead, he laughed himself to death.


Do students of Zen Buddhism do Om-work?


He's gallantry personified, in fact, his brochures ought to
read satisfaction guaranteed, or your virginity returned intact.


I'm so broke I can't even pay attention.


Custer committed Siouxicide.


Everyone can be taught to sculpt: Michelangelo would have had
to be taught how not to.  So it is with the great programmers.


Arrakis teaches the attitude of the knife - chopping off what's
incomplete and saying: "Now it's complete because it's ended here."
		-- Muad'dib, "Dune"


A woman physician has made the statement that smoking is neither
physically defective nor morally degrading, and that nicotine, even
when indulged to in excess, is less harmful than excessive petting."
		-- Purdue Exponent, Jan 16, 1925


The sheep that fly over your head are soon to land.


Parents often talk about the younger generation as if they
didn't have much of anything to do with it.


	Festivity Level 1: Your guests are chatting amiably with each
other, admiring your Christmas-tree ornaments, singing carols around
the upright piano, sipping at their drinks and nibbling hors
d'oeuvres.
	Festivity Level 2: Your guests are talking loudly -- sometimes
to each other, and sometimes to nobody at all, rearranging your
Christmas-tree ornaments, singing "I Gotta Be Me" around the upright
piano, gulping their drinks and wolfing down hors d'oeuvres.
	Festivity Level 3: Your guests are arguing violently with
inanimate objects, singing "I can't get no satisfaction," gulping down
other peoples' drinks, wolfing down Christmas tree ornaments and
placing hors d'oeuvres in the upright piano to see what happens when
the little hammers strike.
	Festivity Level 4: Your guests, hors d'oeuvres smeared all over
their naked bodies are performing a ritual dance around the burning
Christmas tree.  The piano is missing.

	You want to keep your party somewhere around level 3, unless
you rent your home and own Firearms, in which case you can go to level
4.  The best way to get to level 3 is egg-nog.


	"Anything else you wish to draw to my attention, Mr. Holmes ?"
	"The curious incident of the stable dog in the nighttime."
	"But the dog did nothing in the nighttime."
	"That was the curious incident."
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "Silver Blaze"


Pixel, n.:
	A mischievous, magical spirit associated with screen displays.
	The computer industry has frequently borrowed from mythology:
	Witness the sprites in computer graphics, the demons in artificial
	intelligence, and the trolls in the marketing department.


I came out of twelve years of college and I didn't even know how to sew.
All I could do was account -- I couldn't even account for myself.
		-- The Firesign Theatre


			Pittsburgh driver's test
2: A traffic light at an intersection changes from yellow to red, you should
	a) stop immediately.
	b) proceed slowly through the intersection.
	c) blow the horn.
	d) floor it.
The correct answer is d.
If you said c, you were almost right, so give yourself a half point.


Stock's Observation:
	You no sooner get your head above water
	but what someone pulls your flippers off.


Save the Whales -- Harpoon a Honda.


Democrats buy most of the books that have been banned somewhere.
Republicans form censorship committees and read them as a group.

Republicans consume three-fourths of the rutabaga produced in the USA.
The remainder is thrown out.

Republicans usually wear hats and almost always clean their paint brushes.

Republicans study the financial pages of the newspaper.
Democrats put them in the bottom of the bird cage.

Most of the stuff alongside the road has been thrown out of car
windows by Democrats.
		-- Paul Dickson, "The Official Rules"


Freedom is nothing else but the chance to do better.
		-- Camus


The worst part of valor is indiscretion.


Taxes are not levied for the benefit of the taxed.


You're at the end of the road again.


A girl with a future avoids the man with a past.
		-- Evan Esar, "The Humor of Humor"


"It's always the same," the girl sighed to her roommate after returning
in the wee, small hours.  "Afterward, I feel so compromised, so cheap, so
soiled... so absolutely wonderful from head to toe!"


It's difficult to see the picture when you are inside the frame.


McEwan's Rule of Relative Importance:
	When traveling with a herd of elephants,
	don't be the first to lie down and rest.


Rules for Good Grammar #4.
 1:	Don't use no double negatives.
 2:	Make each pronoun agree with their antecedents.
 3:	Join clauses good, like a conjunction should.
 4:	About them sentence fragments.
 5:	When dangling, watch your participles.
 6:	Verbs has got to agree with their subjects.
 7:	Just between you and i, case is important.
 8:	Don't write run-on sentences when they are hard to read.
 9:	Don't use commas, which aren't necessary.
10:	Try to not ever split infinitives.
11:	It is important to use your apostrophe's correctly.
12:	Proofread your writing to see if you any words out.
13:	Correct speling is essential.
14:	A preposition is something you never end a sentence with.
15:	While a transcendent vocabulary is laudable, one must be eternally
	careful so that the calculated objective of communication does not
	become ensconced in obscurity.  In other words, eschew obfuscation.


Sum quod eris.


Nature to all things fixed the limits fit,
And wisely curbed proud man's pretending wit.
As on the land while here the ocean gains,
In other parts it leaves wide sandy plains;
Thus in the soul while memory prevails,
The solid power of understanding fails;
Where beams of warm imagination play,
The memory's soft figures melt away.
		-- Alexander Pope (on runtime bounds checking?)


Never use "etc." -- it makes people think there is more where
there is not or that there is not space to list it all, etc.


It is not true that life is one damn thing after another -- it is one
damn thing over and over.
		-- Edna St. Vincent Millay


Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity.


The superior man understands what is right;
the inferior man understands what will sell.
		-- Confucius


Senate, n.:
	A body of elderly gentlemen charged with high duties and
	misdemeanors.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Non-Determinism is not meant to be reasonable.
		-- M. J. 0'Donnell


Q:	How does a WASP propose marriage?
A:	"How would you like to be buried with my people?"


The brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working the moment
you get up in the morning, and does not stop until you get to work.


Jesus Saves,
Moses Invests,
But only Buddha pays Dividends.


Peterson's Rules:
	(1) Trucks that overturn on freeways
		are filled with something sticky.
	(2) No cute baby in a carriage is ever a girl when called one.
	(3) Things that tick are not always clocks.
	(4) Suicide only works when you're bluffing.


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #12

	Those who can, do.  Those who can't, write the instructions.


Sodd's Second Law:
	Sooner or later, the worst possible set of circumstances is
bound to occur.


Dicker, v.:
	What you do to your wife if arguing doesn't work.


Bit, n.:
	A unit of measure applied to color.  Twenty-four-bit color
	refers to expensive $3 color as opposed to the cheaper 25
	cent, or two-bit, color that use to be available a few years
	ago.


The new rooster caused a great stir in the barnyard.  From resplendent comb
to defiant spurs, he was the picture of young bantamhood.  Almost immediately
upon arrival, he was greeted by an elderly rooster who took him behind the
barn and whispered in his ear: "Young fellow, I'm long past my prime.  All I
want now is peace and solitude.  So you take over right now as ruler of the
roost with my blessings."
	The newcomer did just that.  He went about his squirely duties as only
a young rooster could.  After several days, however, the elder rooster again
took the young champion behind the barn.  "Kid," he said, "the hens are after
me for giving up my position so readily.  So why don't we have a race, say,
ten laps around the farmhouse?  The winner becomes undisputed keeper of the
henhouse and the hens will stop nagging me."
	The young rooster, with only contempt for his elder, agreed.
Surprisingly, the older one jumped off to an early lead.  His counterpart,
weakened by the activities of the previous week, was never quite able to
overtake him.  As they rounded the barn for the fourth time, the elder rooster
maintained a formidable lead.
	Suddenly, a shotgun blast rang out.  The young rooster fell in the
dust, his plumage riddled with buckshot.
	"Dammit, Emmy," said the farmer.  "That's the last rooster we buy
from Ferguson.  Four of 'em this month, and every one's been queer."


If people see that you mean them no harm,
they'll never hurt you, nine times out of ten!


Better dead than mellow.


Nature makes boys and girls lovely to look upon so they can be
tolerated until they acquire some sense.
		-- William Phelps


Nature and nature's laws lay hid in night,
God said, "Let Newton be," and all was light.

It did not last; the devil howling "Ho!
Let Einstein be!" restored the status quo.


Fuck off and die!


How can you think and hit at the same time?
		-- Yogi Berra


The Moscow Evening News advertised a contest for the best political joke.
First prize was ten years in prison; second prize, five years; third prize,
three years; and there were six honorable mentions of one year each.


A man's house is his hassle.


Potahto' Pictures Productions Presents:

	SPUD ROGERS OF THE 25TH CENTURY: Story of an Air Force potato that's
left in a rarely used chow hall for over two centuries and wakes up in a world
populated by soybean created imitations under the evil Dick Tater.  Thanks to
him, the soy-potatoes learn that being a 'tater is where it's at.  Memorable
line, "'Cause I'm just a stud spud!"

	FRIDAY THE 13TH DINER SERIES: Crazed potato who was left in a
fryer too long and was charbroiled carelessly returns to wreak havoc on
unsuspecting, would-be teen camp cooks.  Scenes include a girl being stuffed
with chives and Fleischman's Margarine and a boy served up on a side dish
with beets and dressing.  Definitely not for the squeamish, or those on
diets that are driving them crazy.

	FRIDAY THE 13TH DINER II,III,IV,V,VI: Much, much more of the same.
Except with sour cream.


Pedro Guerrero was playing third base for the Los Angeles Dodgers in 1984
when he made the comment that earns him a place in my Hall of Fame.  Second
baseman Steve Sax was having trouble making his throws.  Other players were
diving, screaming, signaling for a fair catch.  At the same time, Guerrero,
at third, was making a few plays that weren't exactly soothing to manager
Tom Lasorda's stomach.  Lasorda decided it was time for one of his famous
motivational meetings and zeroed in on Guerrero: "How can you play third
base like that?  You've gotta be thinking about something besides baseball.
What is it?"
	"I'm only thinking about two things," Guerrero said.  "First, `I
hope they don't hit the ball to me.'"  The players snickered, and even
Lasorda had to fight off a laugh.  "Second, `I hope they don't hit the ball
to Sax.'"
		-- Joe Garagiola, "It's Anybody's Ball Game"


Call on God, but row away from the rocks.
		-- Indian proverb


	A sociologist, a psychologist, and an engineer were discussing the
consequences and implications of a married man's having a mistress.  The
sociologist's opinion was that it is absolutely and categorically unforgivable
for a married man to forfeit the bond of matrimony, and engage in such lowly
and lustful pursuits.
	The psychologist's opinion was that although morally reprehensible,
if a man MUST have a mistress to achieve his full potential as a human being,
then -- well -- he may go ahead and choose to have a mistress, as long as he
is considerate enough to keep this secret from his wife.
	The engineer then interjected: "I also believe that, if necessary,
a married man is entitled to a mistress.  However, I do not see why the
affair should be concealed from the wife.  On the contrary, if the affair
is out in the open, then on Friday evenings he may tell his wife that he
is going to see his mistress, tell his mistress that he is going to be with
his wife, then go to his office and get some work done!"


The verdict of a jury is the a priori opinion of that juror who smokes
the worst cigars.
		-- H. L. Mencken


According to all the latest reports,
there was no truth in any of the earlier reports.


Diet Mountain Dew has the same pH and density of urine.
		-- Newsweek, 31 July, 1989


I'll never get off this planet.
		-- Luke Skywalker


Like winter snow on summer lawn, time past is time gone.


	Mr. Hersh came home to find his wife sitting naked in front of the
mirror, admiring her breasts.
	"And what do you think you're doing?" he asked.
	"I went to the doctor today and he said I have the breasts of a
twenty-five-year-old."
	"Oh yeah?  And what did he have to say about your forty-year-old
ass?"
	"Nothing," she replied. "Your name didn't come up at all."


Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science.


USENET is like a herd of performing elephants with diarrhea --
massive, difficult to redirect, awe-inspiring, entertaining, and
a source of mind-boggling amounts of excrement when you least
expect it.
		-- Gene Spafford


Save gas, don't eat beans.


Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.


Left a good broad by the river,
Traveled back into town just to get some rest!
Waited for 10 hours,
Went back to the river,
But I couldn't get her out of that mess!

chorus:
	Poor Mary Jo Kopechne,
	Dead Mary Jo Kopechne,
	Rollin'... rollin'... rollin' down the window!

If you're gonna run for office,
And you know that it's an election year.
Don't go in the river,
'Specially by way of bridges,
It could put an end to your political career!
(chorus)
		-- Poor Mary Jo, to the tune of "Proud Mary"


Ladies, here's a hint: If you're playing against a friend who has big
boobs, bring her to the net and make her hit backhand volleys.  That's
the hardest shot for the well endowed.  "I've got to hit over them or
under them, but I can't hit through," Annie Jones used to always moan
to me.  Not having much in my bra, I found it hard to sympathize with
her.
		-- Billie Jean King


Mater artium necessitas.
	[Necessity is the mother of invention].


Love comes in spurts.
		-- Devo, "Please Please"


If at first you don't succeed, quit; don't be a nut about success.


Systems programmer:
	A person in sandals who has been in the elevator with the senior
	vice president and is ultimately responsible for a phone call you
	are to receive from your boss.


The longer the title, the less important the job.


Since we cannot hope for order, let us withdraw with style from the chaos.
		-- Tom Stoppard


The problem that we thought was a problem was, indeed,
a problem, but not the problem we thought was the problem.
		-- Mike Smith


Anyone stupid enough to be caught by the police is probably guilty.


Humanity has advanced, when it has advanced, not because it has been sober,
responsible, and cautious, but because it has been playful, rebellious, and
immature.
		-- Tom Robbins


So, how's your love life?
Still holding your own?


I've tried several varieties of sex.  The conventional position makes
me claustrophobic, and the others either give me a stiff neck or lockjaw.
		-- Tallulah Bankhead


Had he and I but met
By some old ancient inn,		But ranged as infantry,
We should have sat us down to wet	And staring face to face,
Right many a nipperkin!			I shot at him as he at me,
					And killed him in his place.
I shot him dead because --
Because he was my foe,			He thought he'd 'list, perhaps,
Just so: my foe of course he was;	Off-hand-like -- just as I --
That's clear enough; although		Was out of work -- had sold his traps
					No other reason why.
Yes; quaint and curious war is!
You shoot a fellow down
You'd treat, if met where any bar is
Or help to half-a-crown.
		-- Thomas Hardy


Hard, adj.:
	The quality of your own data; also how it is to believe those
	of other people.


Mr. Salter's side of the conversation was limited to expressions of assent.
When Lord Copper was right he said "Definitely, Lord Copper"; when he was
wrong, "Up to a point."
	"Let me see, what's the name of the place I mean?  Capital of Japan?
Yokohama isn't it?"
	"Up to a point, Lord Copper."
	"And Hong Kong definitely belongs to us, doesn't it?"
	"Definitely, Lord Copper."
		-- Evelyn Waugh, "Scoop"


A Catholic and a Methodist were carpooling to work one morning, when a brick
fell out of the sky, which startled the driver and caused him to swerve off
the road and into a telephone pole, totaling the car.
	The two stumbled out of the wreckage, both feeling quite fortunate
to be alive.  The Catholic crossed himself.  Then the Protestant crossed
himself in an accentuated manner.
	"Hey," said the Catholic, "Why did you cross yourself, you're not
Catholic!"
	"Just checking," replied his friend, crossing himself again,
"spectacles, testicles, wallet, pen."


	The FIELD GUIDE to NORTH AMERICAN MALES

SPECIES:	Cranial Males
SUBSPECIES:	The Hacker (homo computatis)
Plumage:
	All clothes have a slightly crumpled look as though they came off the
	top of the laundry basket.  Style varies with status.  Hacker managers
	wear gray polyester slacks, pink or pastel shirts with wide collars,
	and paisley ties; staff wears cinched-up baggy corduroy pants, white
	or blue shirts with button-down collars, and penholder in pocket.
	Both managers and staff wear running shoes to work, and a black
	plastic digital watch with calculator.


It is better to have loved and lost than just to have lost.


Il y avait une madame de Lahore
Dont la figure n'etait la meilleure,
	Mais la vagine tres forte,
	Toujours ouverte la porte,
Encore, et encore, et encore.


Narcolepulacyi, n.:
	The contagious action of yawning, causing everyone in sight
	to also yawn.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Whatever occurs from love is always beyond good and evil.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


A man is already halfway in love with any woman who listens to him.
		-- Brendan Francis


One doesn't have a sense of humor.  It has you.
		-- Larry Gelbart


There are three religious truths:
1. Jews do not recognize Jesus as the Messiah.
2. Protestants do not recognize the Pope as the leader of the
   Christian faith.
3. Baptists do not recognize each other in the liquor store or
   the adult book store.


I never expected to see the day when girls would get sunburned in the
places they do today.
		-- Will Rogers


You can approach truth, but never capture it.
Lies can be had 'round the corner.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


The instruments of science do not in themselves discover truth.  And
there are searchings that are not concluded by the coincidence of a
pointer and a mark.
		-- Fred Saberhagen, "The Berserker Wars"


I can't decide whether to commit suicide or go bowling.
		-- Florence Henderson


In less than a century, computers will be making substantial
progress on ... the overriding problem of war and peace.
		-- James Slagle


Parents often talk about the younger generation as if they
didn't have much of anything to do with it.


A man who cannot seduce men cannot save them either.
		-- S. A. Kierkegaard (1813-1855)


There is something in the pang of change
More than the heart can bear,
Unhappiness remembering happiness.
		-- Euripides


User friendly software searching for friendly Hardware to interface with.
Hardware may present itself in floppy format as software has capability to
upgrading same to full size firm.  Size is not all that important; but byte
sized bandwidth required -- header width is of more concern.  Joystick should
be able to toggle in different speeds and for some duration.  Software is
looking for system willing to perform intensive manipulation of keyboard as
well as preparing the mainframe and disk drives.  Fingering of all files
permitted, and encouraged, before thrusting joystick into drive.  Software
is programmed not to copy; there is no need for removing joystick before
completed execution of program.  Program may be run several times per day...
especially if special features and options are utilized.


There was a writer in 'Life' magazine ... who claimed that rabbits have
no memory, which is one of their defensive mechanisms.  If they recalled
every close shave they had in the course of just an hour life would become
insupportable.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr.


I often quote myself; it adds spice to my conversation.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Masturbation is the thinking man's television.
		-- Christopher Hampton


Old programmers never die, they just hit account block limit.


University politics are vicious precisely because the stakes are so small.
		-- Henry Kissinger


There can be no daily democracy without daily citizenship.
		-- Ralph Nader


What's done to children, they will do to society.


Moore's Constant:
	Everybody sets out to do something, and everybody
	does something, but no one does what he sets out to do.


The descent to Hades is the same from every place.
		-- Anaxagoras


I want to be the white man's brother, not his brother-in-law.
		-- Martin Luther King, Jr.


Davis' Law of Traffic Density:
	The density of rush-hour traffic is directly proportional to
	1.5 times the amount of extra time you allow to arrive on time.


One hundred women are not worth a single testicle.
		-- Confucius


I profoundly believe it takes a lot of practice to become a moral slob.
		-- William F. Buckley


Sometimes the best medicine is to stop taking something.


Save gas, don't use the shell.


You're a card which will have to be dealt with.


Thus mathematics may be defined as the subject in which we never know
what we are talking about, nor whether what we are saying is true.
		-- Bertrand Russell


That reminds me of a friend of mine who went north to work on the Alaskan
pipeline.  Before he went up there, he was just a skinny little runt.  When
he got back, he was a husky fucker.


Said a lecherous fellow named Shea,
When his prick wouldn't rise for a lay,
	"You must seize it, and squeeze it,
	And tease it, and please it,
For Rome wasn't built in a day."


A bore is a man who talks so much about
himself that you can't talk about yourself.


More computing sins are committed in the name of efficiency (without
necessarily achieving it) than for any other single reason -- including
blind stupidity.
		-- W. A. Wulf


Fucking is a filthy deed. -- I like it.
It satisfies a normal need. -- I like it.
	It makes you sick, it makes you well,
	It turns your spine to fucking jell,
It damns your soul to Eternal Hell! -- I like it.


Your files are now being encrypted and thrown into the bit bucket.
EOF


The thought of being President frightens me and I do not think I
want the job.
		-- Ronald Reagan in 1973

Reagan won because he ran against Jimmy Carter.  Had he run unopposed he
would have lost.
		-- Mort Sahl

Ronald Reagan is a triumph of the embalmer's art.
		-- Gore Vidal

Ronald Reagan's platform seems to be: Hey, I'm a big good-looking guy and
I need a lot of sleep.
		-- Roy G. Blount, Jr.

You've got to be careful quoting Ronald Reagan, because when you quote him
accurately it's called mudslinging.
		-- Walter Mondale


Everything will be just tickety-boo today.


Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company.
		-- Mark Twain


Rhode's Law:
	When any principle, law, tenet, probability, happening, circumstance,
	or result can in no way be directly, indirectly, empirically, or
	circuitously proven, derived, implied, inferred, induced, deducted,
	estimated, or scientifically guessed, it will always for the purpose
	of convenience, expediency, political advantage, material gain, or
	personal comfort, or any combination of the above, or none of the
	above, be unilaterally and unequivocally assumed, proclaimed, and
	adhered to as absolute truth to be undeniably, universally, immutably,
	and infinitely so, until such time as it becomes advantageous to
	assume otherwise, maybe.


LOVE:
	When you like to think of someone on days that begin with a morning.


AAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaccccccccckkkkkk!!!!!!!!!
You brute!  Knock before entering a ladies room!


RADIO SHACK LEVEL II BASIC
READY
>_


The hope that springs eternal
Springs right up your behind.
		-- Ian Drury, "This Is What We Find"


The great secret in life ... [is] not to open your letters for a fortnight.
At the expiration of that period you will find that nearly all of them have
answered themselves.
		-- Arthur Binstead


A man wrapped up in himself makes a very small package.


Are you a turtle?


All's well that ends.


Educational television should be absolutely forbidden.  It can only lead
to unreasonable disappointment when your child discovers that the letters
of the alphabet do not leap up out of books and dance around with
royal-blue chickens.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


Has the great art and mystery of politics no apparent utility? Does it
appear to be unqualifiedly ratty, raffish, sordid, obscene and low down,
and its salient virtuosi a gang of unmitigated scoundrels?  Then let us
not forget its high capacity to soothe and tickle the midriff, its
incomparable services as a maker of entertainment.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "A Carnival of Buncombe"


All the passions make us commit faults; love makes us commit the most
ridiculous ones.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


I'm going to live forever, or die trying!
		-- Spider Robinson


	Overheard in a bar:
Man: "Hey, Baby, I'd sure like to get in your pants!"
Woman: "No, thanks, I've already got one ass-hole in there now."


Harp not on that string.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


The anger of a woman is the greatest evil
with which you can threaten your enemies.
		-- Bonnard


We read to say that we have read.


"One basic notion underlying Usenet is that it is a cooperative."

Having been on USENET for going on ten years, I disagree with this.
The basic notion underlying USENET is the flame.
		-- Chuq Von Rospach


The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions.
		-- Alfred Adler


Oh, give me a home,
Where the buffalo roam,
And I'll show you a house with a really messy kitchen.


As he had feared, his orders had been forgotten and everyone had brought
the potato salad.


When the English language gets in my way, I walk over it.
		-- Billy Sunday


The Junior God now heads the roll
In the list of heaven's peers;
He sits in the House of High Control,
And he regulates the spheres.
Yet does he wonder, do you suppose,
If, even in gods divine,
The best and wisest may not be those
Who have wallowed awhile with the swine?
		-- R. W. Service


It was this guy's first day in the penitentiary; he was in a cell with a
huge burley inmate, and he was pretty nervous.  At lights-out, the inmate
jumped out of his bunk, and, turning to our hero, said, "We're going to
have sex!  You want to be the Mommy or the Daddy?"
	A very terrified hero managed to squeak out, "Uh, well, uh, I guess
I'll be the Daddy."
	"OK," smiled his roommate, "get down here and suck your Momma's dick!"


Q:	How many members of the U.S.S. Enterprise does it take to change a
	light bulb?
A:	Seven.  Scotty has to report to Captain Kirk that the light bulb in
	the Engineering Section is getting dim, at which point Kirk will send
	Bones to pronounce the bulb dead (although he'll immediately claim
	that he's a doctor, not an electrician).  Scotty, after checking
	around, realizes that they have no more new light bulbs, and complains
	that he "canna" see in the dark.  Kirk will make an emergency stop at
	the next uncharted planet, Alpha Regula IV, to procure a light bulb
	from the natives, who, are friendly, but seem to be hiding something.
	Kirk, Spock, Bones, Yeoman Rand and two red shirt security officers
	beam down to the planet, where the two security officers are promptly
	killed by the natives, and the rest of the landing party is captured.
	As something begins to develop between the Captain and Yeoman Rand,
	Scotty, back in orbit, is attacked by a Klingon destroyer and must
	warp out of orbit.  Although badly outgunned, he cripples the Klingon
	and races back to the planet in order to rescue Kirk et. al. who have
	just saved the natives' from an awful fate and, as a reward, been
	given all lightbulbs they can carry.  The new bulb is then inserted
	and the Enterprise continues on its five year mission.


Q:	How do you shoot a blue elephant?
A:	With a blue-elephant gun.

Q:	How do you shoot a pink elephant?
A:	Twist its trunk until it turns blue, then shoot it with
	a blue-elephant gun.


Preudhomme's Law of Window Cleaning:
	It's on the other side.


While having never invented a sin,
I'm trying to perfect several.


6 oz. orange juice
1 oz. vodka
1/2 oz. Galliano
		Harvey Wallbangers


God said it, I believe it and that's all there is to it.


Il brilgue: les t^oves libricilleux
	Se gyrent et frillant dans le guave,
Enm^im'es sont les gougebosquex,
	Et le m^omerade horgrave.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


Grand Master Turing once dreamed that he was a machine.  When he awoke
he exclaimed:
	"I don't know whether I am Turing dreaming that I am a machine,
	or a machine dreaming that I am Turing!"
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Working here is like a pregnancy.
After nine months you wish you hadn't come.


It pays in England to be a revolutionary and a bible-smacker most of
one's life and then come round.
		-- Lord Alfred Douglas


