You will gain money by a fattening action.


I was drunk last night, crawled home across the lawn.  By accident I
put the car key in the door lock.  The house started up.  So I figured
what the hell, and drove it around the block a few times.  I thought I
should go park it in the middle of the freeway and yell at everyone to
get off my driveway.
		-- Steven Wright


Every time I think I know where it's at, they move it.


It is the business of the future to be dangerous.
		-- Hawkwind


Yours is not to reason why,
Just to Sail Away.
And when you find you have to throw
Your Legacy away;
Remember life as was it is,
And is as it were;
Chasing sounds across the galaxy
'Till silence is but a blur.
		-- QYX


A woman did what a woman had to, the best way she knew how.
To do more was impossible, to do less, unthinkable.
		-- Dirisha, "The Man Who Never Missed"


		William Safire's Rules for Writers:

Remember to never split an infinitive.  The passive voice should never
be used.  Do not put statements in the negative form.  Verbs has to
agree with their subjects.  Proofread carefully to see if you words
out.  If you reread your work, you can find on rereading a great deal
of repetition can be avoided by rereading and editing.  A writer must
not shift your point of view.  And don't start a sentence with a
conjunction.  (Remember, too, a preposition is a terrible word to end a
sentence with.)  Don't overuse exclamation marks!!  Place pronouns as
close as possible, especially in long sentences, as of 10 or more
words, to their antecedents.  Writing carefully, dangling participles
must be avoided.  If any word is improper at the end of a sentence, a
linking verb is.  Take the bull by the hand and avoid mixing
metaphors.  Avoid trendy locutions that sound flaky.  Everyone should
be careful to use a singular pronoun with singular nouns in their
writing.  Always pick on the correct idiom.  The adverb always follows
the verb.  Last but not least, avoid cliches like the plague; seek
viable alternatives.


A strong conviction that something must be done is the parent of many
bad measures.
		-- Daniel Webster


Who does not love wine, women, and song,
Remains a fool his whole life long.
		-- Johann Heinrich Voss


Hear about...
	the ultimate in singles bars.  It's a place where girls have
	to show their I.U.D.'s to be admitted?


If men could get pregnant, abortion would be a sacrament.


A couple of young fellers were fishing at their special pond off the
beaten track when out of the bushes jumped the Game Warden.  Immediately,
one of the boys threw his rod down and started running through the woods
like the proverbial bat out of hell, and hot on his heels ran the Game
Warden.  After about a half mile the fella stopped and stooped over with
his hands on his thighs, whooping and heaving to catch his breath as the
Game Warden finally caught up to him.
	"Let's see yer fishin' license, boy," the Warden gasped.  The
man pulled out his wallet and gave the Game Warden a valid fishing
license.
	"Well, son", snarled the Game Warden, "You must be about as dumb
as a box of rocks!  You didn't have to run if you have a license!"
	"Yes, sir," replied his victim, "but, well, see, my friend back
there, he don't have one!"


Trust everybody, but cut the cards.
		-- Finley Peter Dunne, "Mr. Dooley's Philosophy"


Apathy is not the problem, it's the solution.


A male gynecologist is like an auto mechanic who has never owned a car.
		-- Carrie Snow


Nearly every complex solution to a programming problem that I
have looked at carefully has turned out to be wrong.
		-- Brent Welch


GRAVITY:
	What you get when you eat too much and too fast.


The Net interprets censorship as damage and routes around it.
		-- John Gilmore


Maryel brought her bat into Exit once and started whacking people on
the dance floor.  Now everyone's doing it.  It's called grand slam
dancing.
		-- Ransford, Chicago Reader 10/7/83


Your mind is the part of you that says,
	"Why'n'tcha eat that piece of cake?"
... and then, twenty minutes later, says,
	"Y'know, if I were you, I wouldn't have done that!"
		-- Steven and Ondrea Levine


Double!


I hope you're not pretending to be evil while
secretly being good.  That would be dishonest.


	A novel approach is to remove all power from the system, which
removes most system overhead so that resources can be fully devoted to
doing nothing.  Benchmarks on this technique are promising; tremendous
amounts of nothing can be produced in this manner.  Certain hardware
limitations can limit the speed of this method, especially in the
larger systems which require a more involved & less efficient
power-down sequence.
	An alternate approach is to pull the main breaker for the
building, which seems to provide even more nothing, but in truth has
bugs in it, since it usually inhibits the systems which keep the beer
cool.


Patch griefs with proverbs.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Much Ado About Nothing"


Finagle's Creed:
	Science is true.  Don't be misled by facts.


They are cold-blooded. They are completely ruthless about protecting
what they have. The only thing they connect to is the money aspect of
life.  Let's face it: That's the American way.
		-- Jeffrey M. Johnson, regional chairman of the District
		   of Columbia United Way, speaking of drug dealers.


A child of five could understand this!  Fetch me a child of five.


A hunter saved a native boy from a boa constrictor.  In gratitude, the boy gave
the hunter a magic gorilla prick.  The lad said the prick would do anything you
told it to do until you told it to do something else.  When the hunter returned
home to England, he put the magic gorilla prick on the mantle along with some
of his other trophies.  His wife thought it quaint and his story charming.  But
soon, the hunter went a-safariing again.  He was away for months.  One evening,
the woman eyed the MGP carefully and whispered, "Gorilla Prick, fuck me."
Whereupon the thing jumped off the mantle and began to bang her with great
thoroughness and ferocity.  For the first twenty minutes it was pure heaven,
but after the next few minutes it became fatiguing, and she said, "Stop it,
Gorilla Prick," but it didn't.  After a bit more she was screaming "Stop!
Stop!" at the thing and trying to pull it out of her smoking hole.  But nothing
worked.  Finally, the butler bursts into the room, summoned by her screams.
	"Saunders, help me please!"
	"But what is it, Madame?"
	"It's a Magic Gorilla Prick!"
	"Gorilla prick, my ass!! ... AAAaaeeeeeeeeeiiiiiiiii!!!!!!"


Not to laugh, not to lament, not to curse, but to understand.
		-- Spinoza


The first myth of management is that it exists.  The second myth of
management is that success equals skill.
		-- Robert Heller


My daddy's brains was so scrambled he thought he was Jesus.  They put him
in a nut house for 5 years and when he got out, he didn't think he was
Jesus, he thought he was *God*! ... Which made me Jesus.
		-- T. Bywater


The IBM 2250 is impressive ...
if you compare it with a system selling for a tenth its price.
		-- D. Cohen


	A MODERN FABLE

Aesop's fables and other traditional children's stories involve allegory
far too subtle for the youth of today.  Children need an updated message
with contemporary circumstance and plot line, and short enough to suit
today's minute attention span.

	The Troubled Aardvark

Once upon a time, there was an aardvark whose only pleasure in life was
driving from his suburban bungalow to his job at a large brokerage house
in his brand new 4x4.  He hated his manipulative boss, his conniving and
unethical co-workers, his greedy wife, and his sniveling, spoiled
children.  One day, the aardvark reflected on the meaning of his life and
his career and on the unchecked, catastrophic decline of his nation, its
pathetic excuse for leadership, and the complete ineffectiveness of any
personal effort he could make to change the status quo.  Overcome by a
wave of utter depression and self-doubt, he decided to take the only
course of action that would bring him greater comfort and happiness: he
drove to the mall and bought imported consumer electronics goods.

MORAL OF THE STORY:  Invest in foreign consumer electronics manufacturers.
		-- Tom Annau


It seems to make an auto driver mad if he misses you.


Supervisor: Do you think you understand the basic ideas of Quantum Mechanics?
Supervisee: Ah! Well, what do we mean by "to understand" in the context of
	    Quantum Mechanics?
Supervisor: You mean "No", don't you?
Supervisee: Yes.
		-- Overheard at a supervision


Man and wife make one fool.


Illinois isn't exactly the land that God forgot:
it's more like the land He's trying to ignore.


Certain old men prefer to rise at dawn, taking a cold bath and a long
walk with an empty stomach and otherwise mortifying the flesh.  They
then point with pride to these practices as the cause of their sturdy
health and ripe years; the truth being that they are hearty and old,
not because of their habits, but in spite of them.  The reason we find
only robust persons doing this thing is that it has killed all the
others who have tried it.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Supervisor: Do you think you understand the basic ideas of Quantum Mechanics?
Supervisee: Ah! Well, what do we mean by "to understand" in the context of
	    Quantum Mechanics?
Supervisor: You mean "No", don't you?
Supervisee: Yes.
		-- Overheard at a supervision


Logicians have but ill defined
As rational the human kind.
Logic, they say, belongs to man,
But let them prove it if they can.
		-- Oliver Goldsmith


Every man thinks God is on his side.  The rich
and powerful know that he is.
		-- Jean Anouilh, "The Lark"


Winning isn't everything.  It's the only thing.
		-- Vince Lombardi


Hofstadter's Law:
	It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take
	Hofstadter's Law into account.


Having wandered helplessly into a blinding snowstorm Sam was greatly
relieved to see a sturdy Saint Bernard dog bounding toward him with
the traditional keg of brandy strapped to his collar.
	"At last," cried Sam, "man's best friend -- and a great big
dog, too!"


Romance, like alcohol, should be enjoyed, but should not be allowed to
become necessary.
		-- Edgar Friedenberg


There's been no top authority saying what marijuana does to you.  I really
don't know that much about it.  I tried it once but it didn't do anything
to me.
		-- John Wayne


Each person has the right to take the subway.


The chief enemy of creativity is "good" sense.
		-- Picasso


If Jesus Christ came to this town, people would say, great guy; terrible
carpenter.
		-- Gene Kirkwood, on Hollywood


A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.


Someday you'll get your big chance -- or have you already had it?


Coors, n.:
	Like making love in a canoe -- fucking close to water.


Get Revenge!  Live long enough to be a problem for your children!


Don't go around saying the world owes you a living.
The world owes you nothing.  It was here first.
		-- Mark Twain


Man has always assumed that he is more intelligent than dolphins because
he has achieved so much -- the wheel, New York, wars and so on -- while
all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good
time.  But, conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were
far more intelligent than man -- for precisely the same reasons.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


You can't fall off the floor.


Sex is what women have and men want.


Government's Law:
	There is an exception to all laws.


Pete:	Waiter, this meat is bad.
Waiter:	Who told you?
Pete:	A little swallow.


When I grow up, I want to be an honest
lawyer so things like that can't happen.
		-- Richard M. Nixon, as a boy, on the Teapot Dome scandal


He was a modest, good-humored boy.  It was Oxford that made him
insufferable.


One day,
A mad meta-poet,
With nothing to say,
Wrote a mad meta-poem
That started: "One day,
A mad meta-poet,
With nothing to say,
Wrote a mad meta-poem
That started: "One day,
[...]
sort of close".
Were the words that the poet,
Finally chose,
To bring his mad poem,
To some sort of close".
Were the words that the poet,
Finally chose,
To bring his mad poem,
To some sort of close".


All heiresses are beautiful.
		-- John Dryden


A political man can have as his aim the realization of freedom,
but he has no means to realize it other than through violence.
		-- Jean-Paul Sartre


It is November first 1940; in the famous sound stage of THE WIZARD OF OZ on
the MGM lot, a little man is lying face-up on the yellow brick road.  His
wide eyes stare upward into the blinding stage lights.  He is wearing a
kind of comic soldier's uniform with a yellow coat and puffy sleeves and
big fez-like blue and yellow hat with a feather on top.  His yellow hair
and beard are the phony straw color of Hollywood.  He could pass for some
kind of cute in the typical tinsel-town way if it wasn't for the knife
sticking out of his chest.  *Someone had murdered a Munchkin.*
		-- Stuart Kaminsky, "Murder on the Yellow Brick Road"


While walking down a crowded
City street the other day,
I heard a little urchin
To a comrade turn and say,
"Say, Chimmey, lemme tell youse,
I'd be happy as a clam
If only I was de feller dat
Me mudder t'inks I am.

"She t'inks I am a wonder,		My friends, be yours a life of toil
An' she knows her little lad		Or undiluted joy,
Could never mix wit' nuttin'		You can learn a wholesome lesson
Dat was ugly, mean or bad.		From that small, untutored boy.
Oh, lot o' times I sit and t'ink	Don't aim to be an earthly saint
How nice, 'twould be, gee whiz!		With eyes fixed on a star:
If a feller was de feller		Just try to be the fellow that
Dat his mudder t'inks he is."		Your mother thinks you are.
		-- Will S. Adkin, "If I Only Was the Fellow"


In France they piss on Main Street
(In pissoirs, Mama, not cheap display).
		-- Joni Mitchell


Retirement means that when someone says "Have a nice day", you
actually have a shot at it.


The propriety of some persons seems to consist in having improper
thoughts about their neighbours.
		-- F. H. Bradley


The Ancient Doctrine of Mind Over Matter:
	I don't mind... and you don't matter.

		-- As revealed to reporter G. Rivera by Swami Havabanana


Ask not for whom the <CONTROL-G> tolls.


The Reverend Henry Ward Beecher
Called a hen a most elegant creature.
	The hen, pleased with that,
	Laid an egg in his hat --
And thus did the hen reward Beecher.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


Declared guilty... of displaying feelings of an almost human nature.
		-- Pink Floyd, "The Wall"


Hear about...
	the guy who was so well endowed that he had a fiveskin?


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(22) Morality is not defined by individual choice.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Meeting, n.:
	An assembly of people coming together to decide what person or
	department not represented in the room must solve a problem.


The voters have spoken, the bastards.


CONSULTANT:
	Someone who'd rather climb a tree and tell a
	lie than stand on the ground and tell the truth.


Honorable, adj.:
	Afflicted with an impediment in one's reach.  In legislative
	bodies, it is customary to mention all members as honorable; as,
	"the honorable gentleman is a scurvy cur."
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Every day it's the same thing -- variety.  I want something different.


The intelligence of any discussion diminishes with the square of the
number of participants.
		-- Adam Walinsky


If life is a stage, I want some better lighting.


The human animal differs from the lesser
primates in his passion for lists of "Ten Best".
		-- H. Allen Smith


Every now and then when your life gets complicated and the weasels start
closing in, the only cure is to load up on heinous chemicals and then drive
like a bastard from Hollywood to Las Vegas ... with the music at top volume
and at least a pint of ether.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas"


Planned Parenthood:
	The emission Control Center.


Eighty percent of married men cheat in America.  The rest cheat in Europe.
		-- Jackie Mason


The Right Honorable Gentleman is indebted to his memory for his jests
and to his imagination for his facts.
		-- Sheridan


There is a natural hootchy-kootchy to a goldfish.
		-- Walt Disney


Moderation is a fatal thing.  Nothing succeeds like excess.
		-- Oscar Wilde


When you are young, you enjoy a sustained illusion that sooner or later
something marvelous is going to happen, that you are going to transcend
your parents' limitations...  At the same time, you feel sure that in all
the wilderness of possibility; in all the forests of opinion, there is a
vital something that can be known -- known and grasped.  That we will
eventually know it, and convert the whole mystery into a coherent
narrative.  So that then one's true life -- the point of everything --
will emerge from the mist into a pure light, into total comprehension.
But it isn't like that at all.  But if it isn't, where did the idea come
from, to torture and unsettle us?
		-- Brian Aldiss, "Helliconia Summer"


...we must be wary of granting too much power to natural selection
by viewing all basic capacities of our brain as direct adaptations.
I do not doubt that natural selection acted in building our oversized
brains -- and I am equally confident that our brains became large as
an adaptation for definite roles (probably a complex set of interacting
functions).  But these assumptions do not lead to the notion, often
uncritically embraced by strict Darwinians, that all major capacities
of the brain must arise as direct products of natural selection.
		-- S. J. Gould, "The Mismeasure of Man"


Trying to be happy is like trying to build a machine for which the only
specification is that it should run noiselessly.


It is better to give than to lend, and it costs about the same.


	It is a profoundly erroneous truism, repeated by all copy-books and
by eminent people when they are making speeches, that we should cultivate
the habit of thinking about what we are doing.  The precise opposite is the
case.  Civilization advances by extending the numbers of important operations
which we can perform without thinking about them.  Operations of thought are
like cavalry charges in battle -- they are strictly limited in number, they
require fresh horses, and must only be made at decisive moments.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead


Established technology tends to persist in the face of new technology.
		-- G. Blaauw, one of the designers of System 360


A language that doesn't affect the way you
think about programming is not worth knowing.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


We are not a loved organization, but we are a respected one.
		-- John Fisher


A man took his wife deer hunting for the first time.  After he'd given her
some basic instructions, they agreed to separate and rendezvous later.  Before
he left, he warned her if she should fell a deer to be wary of hunters who
might beat her to the carcass and claim the kill.  If that happened, he told
her, she should fire her gun three times into the air and he would come to
her aid.
	Shortly after they separated, he heard a single shot, followed quickly
by the agreed upon signal.  Running to the scene, he found his wife standing
in a small clearing with a very nervous man staring down her gun barrel.
	"He claims this is his," she said, obviously very upset.
	"She can keep it, she can keep it!" the wide-eyed man replied.  "I
just want to get my saddle back!"


A biologist, a statistician, a mathematician and a computer scientist are on
a photo-safari in Africa.  As they're driving along the savannah in their
jeep, they stop and scout the horizon with their binoculars.

The biologist: "Look!  A herd of zebras!  And there's a white zebra!
	Fantastic!  We'll be famous!"
The statistician: "Hey, calm down, it's not significant.  We only know
	there's one white zebra."
The mathematician: "Actually, we only know there exists a zebra, which is
	white on one side."
The computer scientist : "Oh, no!  A special case!"


The ends justify the means.
		-- after Matthew Prior


8 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Woman:

 1. You rarely (if ever) find beer labels on the shower curtain rod.
 2. A beer doesn't care when you come.
 3. Beer doesn't have a mother.
 4. Beer doesn't need much closet space.
 5. A beer won't accuse you of lying when you say you read Playboy
	"just for the articles".
 6. Beer doesn't mind seeing Chuck Norris and Charles Bronson flicks.
 7.  Beer doesn't always want to go to the 'powder room' with everyone
	else's beer.
 8. When you're through with a beer, the thought of another beer doesn't
	make you ill.


You can't carve your way to success without cutting remarks.


Damned if I know.  And you can be fuckin' sure I'll never rent no car
from Avis again.
		-- Herbie Sperling, on the meaning of two pistols and an
		   axe used in three murders being found in the trunk of
		   his rented car.


This is National Smokers-Are-Shits Week.


It's not hard to admit errors that are [only] cosmetically wrong.
		-- J. K. Galbraith


A certain amount of opposition is a help, not a hindrance.
Kites rise against the wind, not with it.


How come financial advisors never seem to be as wealthy as they
claim they'll make you?


Q:	Why don't lawyers go to the beach?
A:	The cats keep trying to bury them.


Like private parts to the Gods are we,
they play with us for their sport.
		-- Lord Melchett (Blackadder 2)


Whatever you do will be insignificant,
but it is very important that you do it.
		-- Mahatma Gandhi


The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"


She's learned to say things with her eyes
that others waste time putting into words.


	The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy has a few things to say on
the subject of towels.
	A towel, it says, is about the most massively useful thing an
interstellar hitchhiker can have.  Partly it has great practical value.
You can wrap it around you for warmth as you bound across the cold moons
of Jaglan Beta; you can lie on it on the brilliant marble-sanded beaches
of Santraginus V ... use it to sail a miniraft down the slow heavy River
Moth; wave your towel in emergencies, and, of course, dry yourself off
with it if it still seems to be clean enough.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


It's possible that the whole purpose of your life is to serve
as a warning to others.


Scribline, n.:
	The blank area on the back of credit cards where one's
	signature goes.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


There be sober men a'plenty, and drunkards barely twenty; there are men
of over ninety who have never yet kissed a girl.  But give me the rambling
rover, from Orkney down to Dover, we will roam the whole world over, and
together we'll face the world.
		-- Andy Stewart, "After the Hush"


Female, n.:
	Life support system for a pussy.


Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.


One thing I have no worry about is whether God exists.  But it has
occurred to me that God has Alzheimer's and has forgotten we exist.
		-- Jane Wagner, "The Search for Signs of Intelligent
		   Life in the Universe"


He who minds his own business is never unemployed.


In case of fire, stand in the hall and shout "Fire!"
		-- The Kidner Report


XXXVI:
	The thickness of the proposal required to win a multimillion dollar
	contract is about one millimeter per million dollars.  If all the
	proposals conforming to this standard were piled on top of each other
	at the bottom of the Grand Canyon it would probably be a good idea.
XXXVII:
	Ninety percent of the time things will turn out worse than you expect.
	The other 10 percent of the time you had no right to expect so much.
XXXVIII:
	The early bird gets the worm.
	The early worm ... gets eaten.
XXXIX:
	Never promise to complete any project within six months of the end of
	the year -- in either direction.
XL:
	Most projects start out slowly -- and then sort of taper off.
		-- Norman Augustine


I only touch base with reality on an as-needed basis!
		-- Royal Floyd Mengot (Klaus)


Speed is subsittute fo accurancy.


C Code.
C Code Run.
Run, Code, RUN!
	PLEASE!!!!


As near as I can tell, you're not any crazier
than the average asshole on the street.
		-- R.P. McMurphy, "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest"


Entropy requires no maintenance.
		-- Markoff Chaney


Do not read this fortune under penalty of law.
Violators will be prosecuted.
(Penal Code sec. 2.3.2 (II.a.))


What this country needs is a good five cent microcomputer.


Lift every voice and sing
Till earth and heaven ring,
Ring with the harmonies of Liberty;
Let our rejoicing rise
High as the listening skies,
Let it resound loud as the rolling sea.

Sing a song full of the faith that the dark past has taught us.
Sing a song full of the hope that the present has bought us.
Facing the rising sun of our new day begun,
Let us march on till victory is won.
		-- James Weldon Johnson


I can resist anything but temptation.


The rule on staying alive as a forecaster is to give 'em a number or
give 'em a date, but never give 'em both at once.
		-- Jane Bryant Quinn


It's so confusing choosing sides in the heat of the moment,
	just to see if it's real,
Oooh, it's so erotic having you tell me how it should feel,
But I'm avoiding all the hard cold facts that I got to face,
So ask me just one question when this magic night is through,
Could it have been just anyone or did it have to be you?
		-- Billy Joel, "Glass Houses"


Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
		-- Thomas Jones


During the next two hours, the system will be going up and down several
times, often with lin~po_~{po       ~poz~ppo\~{ o n~po_~{o[po	 ~y oodsou>#w4k**n~po_~{ol;lkld;f;g;dd;po\~{o


Magary's Principle:
	When there is a public outcry to cut deadwood and fat from any
	government bureaucracy, it is the deadwood and the fat that do
	the cutting, and the public's services are cut.


You can't teach people to be lazy --
either they have it, or they don't.
		-- Dagwood Bumstead


Scenary is here, wish you were beautiful.


Hear about...
	the guy who took a course in exotic lovemaking and announced that
	he'd never be able to face his girl again?


Davis's Dictum:
	Problems that go away by themselves, come back by themselves.


Romeo was restless, he was ready to kill,
He jumped out the window 'cause he couldn't sit still,
Juliet was waiting with a safety net,
Said "don't bury me 'cause I ain't dead yet".
		-- Elvis Costello


What awful irony is this?
We are as gods, but know it not.


Armenians and Azerbaijanis in Stepanakert, capital of the Nagorno-Karabakh
autonomous region, rioted over much needed spelling reform in the Soviet
Union.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes.
		-- Dr. Warren Jackson, Director, UTCS


I went to my first computer conference at the New York Hilton about 20
years ago.  When somebody there predicted the market for microprocessors
would eventually be in the millions, someone else said, "Where are they
all going to go? It's not like you need a computer in every doorknob!"

Years later, I went back to the same hotel.  I noticed the room keys had
been replaced by electronic cards you slide into slots in the doors.

There was a computer in every doorknob.
		-- Danny Hillis


A professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep.


If a listener nods his head when you're
explaining your program, wake him up.


I played over the music of that scoundrel Brahms.  What a giftless
bastard!  It annoys me that this self-inflated mediocrity is hailed
as a genius.  Why, in comparison with him, Riff is a genius.
		-- Tchaikovsky, October 9, 1886, diary entry


On Brassieres:
	Russian:	Uplifts the masses.
	Salvation Army:	Raises the fallen.
	American:	Makes mountains out of molehills.


