Linus' Law:
	There is no heavier burden than a great potential.


How untasteful can you get?


It's not whether you win or lose but how you played the game.
		-- Grantland Rice


I've never been hurt by anything I didn't say.
		-- Calvin Coolidge


Q:	How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	NONE!  AND THAT'S NOT FUNNY!!

Q:	How many Radcliffe girls does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	It's "Women"...  AND IT'S NOT FUNNY!!


You can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish.


There's no use in having a dog and doing your own barking.


Conformity is the refuge of the unimaginative.


Life may have no meaning, or, even worse,
it may have a meaning of which you disapprove.


Those who express random thoughts to legislative committees are often
surprised and appalled to find themselves the instigators of law.
		-- Mark B. Cohen


Many a town that didn't have enough work to support a single lawyer
can easily support two or more.


Educational television should be absolutely forbidden.  It can only lead
to unreasonable disappointment when your child discovers that the letters
of the alphabet do not leap up out of books and dance around with
royal-blue chickens.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


SCORPIO (Oct.24 - Nov.21)
	You will receive word today that you are eligible to win a million
	dollars in prizes.  It will be from a magazine trying to get you to
	subscribe, and you're just dumb enough to think you've got a chance
	to win.  You never learn.


Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no
account be allowed to do the job.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


As long as your ass is pointed at the ground, don't fuck with me.


... Jesus cried with a loud voice: Lazarus, come forth; the bug hath been
found and thy program runneth.  And he that was dead came forth...
		-- John 11:43-44


P-K4


	"Do you cheat on your wife?" asked the psychiatrist.
	"Who else?" answered the patient.


When nothing can possibly go wrong, it will.


Lysistrata had a good idea.


You can approach truth, but never capture it.
Lies can be had 'round the corner.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Confidant, confidante, n.:
	One entrusted by A with the secrets of B, confided to himself by C.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Indomitable in retreat; invincible in
advance; insufferable in victory.
		-- Winston Churchill, on General Montgomery


There are people so addicted to exaggeration
that they can't tell the truth without lying.
		-- Josh Billings


I hate mankind, for I think myself one of the best of them,
and I know how bad I am.
		-- Samuel Johnson


Pity the meek, for they shall inherit the earth.
		-- Don Marquis


Californians are a strange people.  They'll put every chemical known to God
and man up their nostrils and then laugh at you for putting sugar in your
coffee.


Man proposes, God disposes.
		-- Thomas a Kempis


FORTUNE'S FAVORITE RECIPES: #8
	Christmas Rum Cake

1 or 2 quarts rum		1 tbsp. baking powder
1 cup butter			1 tsp. soda
1 tsp. sugar			1 tbsp. lemon juice
2 large eggs			2 cups brown sugar
2 cups dried assorted fruit	3 cups chopped English walnuts

Before you start, sample the rum to check for quality.  Good, isn't it?  Now
select a large mixing bowl, measuring cup, etc.  Check the rum again.  It
must be just right.  Be sure the rum is of the highest quality.  Pour one cup
of rum into a glass and drink it as fast as you can.  Repeat. With an electric
mixer, beat one cup butter in a large fluffy bowl.  Add 1 seaspoon of tugar
and beat again.  Meanwhile, make sure the rum teh absolutely highest quality.
Sample another cup.  Open second quart as necessary.  Add 2 orge laggs, 2 cups
of fried druit and beat untill high.  If the fried druit gets stuck in the
beaters, just pry it loose with a screwdriver.  Sample the rum again, checking
for toncisticity.  Next sift 3 cups of baking powder, a pinch of rum, a
seaspoon of toda and a cup of pepper or salt (it really doesn't matter).
Sample some more.  Sift 912 pint of lemon juice.  Fold in schopped butter and
strained chups.  Add bablespoon of brown gugar, or whatever color you have.
Mix mell.  Grease oven and turn cake pan to 350 gredees and rake until
poothtick comes out crean.


It is a hard matter, my fellow citizens,
to argue with the belly, since it has no ears.
		-- Marcus Porcius Cato


Quick!!  Act as if nothing has happened!


PISCES (Feb. 19 to Mar. 20)
	Take the high road, look for the good things, carry the American
	Express card and a weapon.  The world is yours today, as nobody
	else wants it.  Your mortgage will be foreclosed.  You will probably
	get run over by a bus.


Is not marriage an open question, when it is alleged, from the beginning
of the world, that such as are in the institution wish to get out,
and such as are out wish to get in?
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


	All I really need to know about how to live and what to do and
how to be I learned in kindergarten.  Wisdom was not at the top of the
graduate-school mountain, but there in the sandpile at Sunday School.
These are the things I learned:
	Share everything.
	Play fair.
	Don't hit people.
	Put things back where you found them.
	Clean up your own mess.
	Don't take things that aren't yours.
	Say you're sorry when you hurt someone.
	Wash your hands before you eat.
	Flush.
	Warm cookies and cold milk are good for you.
	Live a balanced life -- learn some and think some and draw and
paint and sing and dance and play and work every day some.
	Take a nap every afternoon.
	When you go out into the world, watch for traffic, hold hands,
and stick together.
	Be aware of wonder.  Remember the little seed in the Styrofoam
cup:  The roots go down and the plant goes up and nobody really knows
how or why, but we are all like that.
	Goldfish and hamsters and white mice and even the little seed in
the Styrofoam cup -- they all die.  So do we.
	And then remember the Dick-and-Jane books and the first word you
learned -- the biggest word of all -- LOOK.
	Everything you need to know is in there somewhere.  The Golden
Rule and love and basic sanitation.  Ecology and politics and equality
and sane living.
	[...] Think what a better world it would be if we all -- the
whole world -- had cookies and milk about three o'clock every afternoon
and then lay down with our blankets for a nap.  Or if all governments
had as a basic policy to always put things back where they found them
and to clean up their own mess.
	And it is still true, no matter how old you are -- when you go
out into the world, it is best to hold hands and stick together.
		-- Robert Fulghum, "All I Ever Really Needed to Know
		   I Learned in Kindergarten"


Sometimes when I get up in the morning, I feel very peculiar.  I feel
like I've just got to bite a cat!  I feel like if I don't bite a cat
before sundown, I'll go crazy!  But then I just take a deep breath and
forget about it.  That's what is known as real maturity.
		-- Snoopy


Dear Lord, observe this bended knee
This visage meek and humble,
And hear this confidential plea
Voiced in reverent mumble:
	Give me Shylock, give me Fagin
	But O God spare me Ronald Reagan!
		-- Ansel Adams


Aide to Raygun:  Sir, the poor are outside protesting your budget
		 cuts.
Raygun himself:  Tell them they'll have to help themselves.
Aide to Raygun:  Sir, the Pentagon wants another $30 billion.
Raygun himself:  Tell them to help themselves.


Magary's Principle:
	When there is a public outcry to cut deadwood and fat from any
	government bureaucracy, it is the deadwood and the fat that do
	the cutting, and the public's services are cut.


When smashing monuments, save the pedestals -- they always come in handy.
		-- Stanislaw J. Lec, "Unkempt Thoughts"


You will be married within a year.


Hire the handicapped -- they're fun to watch!


Kern, v.:
	1. To pack type together as tightly as the kernels on an ear
	of corn.  2. In parts of Brooklyn and Queens, N.Y., a small,
	metal object used as part of the monetary system.


Purpitation, v.:
	To take something off the grocery shelf, decide you
	don't want it, and then put it in another section.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


The meek don't want it.


The heaviest object in the world is the
body of the woman you have ceased to love.
		-- Marquis de Lac de Clapiers Vauvenargues


What fools these morals be!


Q:	How do you hide an elephant in a cherry tree?
A:	Paint his balls red and his toenails green.

Q:	Ever see an elephant in a cherry tree?
A:	No -- so it must work pretty well!

Q:	How did Tarzan die?
A:	Picking cherries!!!


You're at the end of the road again.


Kath: Can he be present at the birth of his child?
Ed: It's all any reasonable child can expect if the dad is present
	at the conception.
		-- Joe Orton, "Entertaining Mr. Sloane"


Trust me:
	Los Angeles for "Fuck you, your mother, and the horse
	she rode in on."


Q:	Do you know what the death rate around here is?
A:	One per person.


I didn't believe in reincarnation in any of my other lives.  I don't see why
I should have to believe in it in this one.
		-- Strange de Jim


Life, like beer, is merely borrowed.
		-- Don Reed


	There are some goyisha names that just about guarantee that
someone isn't Jewish.  For example, you'll never meet a Jew named
Johnson or Wright or Jones or Sinclair or Ricks or Stevenson or Reid or
Larsen or Jenks.  But some goyisha names just about guarantee that
every other person you meet with that name will be Jewish.  Why is
this?
	Who knows?  Learned rabbis have pondered this question for
centuries and have failed to come up with an answer, and you think _y_o_u
can find one?  Get serious.  You don't even understand why it's
forbidden to eat crab -- fresh cold crab with mayonnaise -- or lobster
-- soft tender morsels of lobster dipped in melted butter.  You don't
even understand a simple thing like that, and yet you hope to discover
why there are more Jews named Miller than Katz?  Fat Chance.
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


The nearer to the church, the further from God.
		-- John Heywood


Those who sweat in flames of hell,	Leaden eared, some thought their bowels
Here's the reason that they fell:	Lispeth forth the sweetest vowels.
While on earth they prayed in SAS,	These they offered up in praise
PL/1, or other crass,			Thinking all this fetid haze
Vulgar tongue.				A rhapsody sung.

Some the lord did sorely try		Jabber of the mindless horde
Assembling all their pleas in hex.	Sequel next did mock the lord
Speech as crabbed as devil's crable	Slothful sequel so enfangled
Hex that marked on Tower Babel		Its speaker's lips became entangled
The highest rung.			In his bung.

Because in life they prayed so ill
And offered god such swinish swill
Now they sweat in flames of hell
Sweat from lack of APL
Sweat dung!


Why do mathematicians insist on using words that already have another
meaning?  "It is the complex case that is easier to deal with."  "If it
doesn't happen at a corner, but at an edge, it nonetheless happens at a
corner."


There's such a thing as too much point on a pencil.
		-- H. Allen Smith, "Let the Crabgrass Grow"


All great discoveries are made by mistake.
		-- Young


When you say that you agree to a thing in principle, you mean that
you have not the slightest intention of carrying it out in practice.
		-- Otto von Bismarck


New, adj.:
	Different color from previous model.


Q:	Do you know how to tell a Polack at a cockfight?
A:	He's the only one with a duck.

Q:	Do you know how to tell an Aggie at a cockfight?
A:	He's the only one who bets on the duck.

Q:	And do you know how to tell the Mafia is at the cockfight?
A:	The duck wins!


Children aren't happy without something to ignore,
And that's what parents were created for.
		-- Ogden Nash


You can't carve your way to success without cutting remarks.


Only someone with nothing to be sorry for
smiles back at the rear of an elephant.


There are two times when a man doesn't understand a woman -- before
marriage and after marriage.


To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


Deprive a mirror of its silver and even the Czar won't see his face.


The Worst Lines of Verse
For a start, we can rule out James Grainger's promising line:
	"Come, muse, let us sing of rats."
Grainger (1721-67) did not have the courage of his convictions and deleted
these words on discovering that his listeners dissolved into spontaneous
laughter the instant they were read out.
	No such reluctance afflicted Adam Lindsay Gordon (1833-70) who was
inspired by the subject of war.
	"Flash! flash! bang! bang! and we blazed away,
	And the grey roof reddened and rang;
	Flash! flash! and I felt his bullet flay
	The tip of my ear.  Flash! bang!"
By contrast, Cheshire cheese provoked John Armstrong (1709-79):
	"... that which Cestria sends, tenacious paste of solid milk..."
While John Bidlake was guided by a compassion for vegetables:
	"The sluggard carrot sleeps his day in bed,
	The crippled pea alone that cannot stand."
George Crabbe (1754-1832) wrote:
	"And I was ask'd and authorized to go
	To seek the firm of Clutterbuck and Co."
William Balmford explored the possibilities of religious verse:
	"So 'tis with Christians, Nature being weak
	While in this world, are liable to leak."
And William Wordsworth showed that he could do it if he really tried when
describing a pond:
	"I've measured it from side to side;
	Tis three feet long and two feet wide."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Between the idea
And the reality
Between the motion
And the act
Falls the Shadow
		-- T. S. Eliot, "The Hollow Man"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to system service dispatching.]


Whatever became of eternal truth?


Shhh... be vewy, vewy, quiet!  I'm hunting wabbits...


I don't have to take this abuse from you -- I've got
hundreds of people waiting to abuse me.
		-- Bill Murray, "Ghostbusters"


If I could stick my pen in my heart,
I would spill it all over the stage.
Would it satisfy ya, would it slide on by ya,
Would you think the boy was strange?
Ain't he strange?
...
If I could stick a knife in my heart,
Suicide right on the stage,
Would it be enough for your teenage lust,
Would it help to ease the pain?
Ease your brain?
		-- Rolling Stones, "It's Only Rock'N Roll"


There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers,
having been originally breathed into a few forms or into one; and that,
whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of
gravity, from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and
most wonderful have been, and are being, evolved.
		-- Darwin


Necrophilia, n.:
	Dead boring.

Incest, n.:
	Relatively boring.


Pascal is not a high-level language.
		-- Steven Feiner


For I swore I would stay a year away from her; out and alas!
but with break of day I went to make supplication.
		-- Paulus Silentarius, c. 540 A.D.


Coito ergo sum


Q:	What do you call a group of kids with low IQs, drinking diet cola,
	eating fruit, and singing?
A:	The Moron Tab and Apple Choir.


VIRGO (Aug 23 - Sept 22)
	You are the logical type and hate disorder.  This nitpicking is
sickening to your friends.  You are cold and unemotional and sometimes
fall asleep while making love.  Virgos make good bus drivers.


I'm sorry I missed.
		-- Squeaky Fromme


Ruth made a great mistake when he gave up pitching.  Working once a week,
he might have lasted a long time and become a great star.
		-- Tris Speaker, commenting on Babe Ruth's plan to change
		   from being a pitcher to an outfielder.
		   Cerf/Navasky, "The Experts Speak"


Today when a man gets married he gets a home, a housekeeper, a cook, a
cheering squad and another paycheck.  When a woman marries, she gets a
boarder.


Norm:  Gentlemen, start your taps.
		-- Cheers, The Coach's Daughter

Coach: How's life treating you, Norm?
Norm:  Like it caught me in bed with his wife.
		-- Cheers, Any Friend of Diane's

Coach: How's life, Norm?
Norm:  Not for the squeamish, Coach.
		-- Cheers, Friends, Romans, and Accountants


It is idle to attempt to talk a young woman out of her passion:
love does not lie in the ear.
		-- Walpole


We should declare war on North Vietnam.  We could pave the whole
country and put parking strips on it, and still be home by Christmas.
		-- Ronald Reagan


I will follow the good side right to the fire,
but not into it if I can help it.
		-- Michel Eyquem de Montaigne


The most important early product on the way
to developing a good product is an imperfect version.


TACKY:
	Serving grape Kool-Aid at religious functions.


LOVE:
	Love ties in a knot in the end of the rope.


Littering is dumb.
		-- Ronald Macdonald


The end of the world will occur at 3:00 p.m., this Friday, with
symposium to follow.


If you learn one useless thing every day, in a single year you'll learn
365 useless things.


Would you *really* want to get on a non-stop flight?
		-- George Carlin


The earth is like a tiny grain of sand, only much, much heavier.


If practice makes perfect, and nobody's perfect, why practice?


A day without orange juice is like a day without orange juice.


There are three principal ways to lose money: wine, women, and
engineers.  While the first two are more pleasant, the third is by far
the more certain.
		-- Baron Rothschild, ca. 1800


Dear Lord: Please make my words sweet and tender, for tomorrow I may
have to eat them.


Horngren's Observation:
	Among economists, the real world is often a special case.


Hatred, n.:
	A sentiment appropriate to the occasion of another's
	superiority.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


To be is to do.
		-- I. Kant
To do is to be.
		-- A. Sartre
Do be a Do Bee!
		-- Miss Connie, Romper Room
Do be do be do!
		-- F. Sinatra
Yabba-Dabba-Doo!
		-- F. Flintstone


The right to revolt has sources deep in our history.
		-- Supreme Court Justice William O. Douglas


The man who has never been flogged has never been taught.
		-- Menander


A countryman between two lawyers is like a fish between two cats.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


I'd walk a mile for a Camel, two for a hump.


	Well, this woman went to the butcher shop to get some ham for dinner.
She asked the butcher what kind of ham he recommended, and the butcher said,
"Well ma'am, we got some Damn ham here for $3.50 a pound..."  Needless to
say, she was surprised at the butcher's language!  The butcher, who was
reasonably astute, noticed the alarmed look on the woman's face, and quickly
justified himself.  "No, no, ma'am, I wasn't cursin', the NAME of this here
ham is "Damn ham".  Amused, the woman requested some "Damn ham."
	That night, before dinner, the woman took her husband aside and
explained what had happened at the butcher shop.  He also was amused, and
suggested that they play a joke on their son.  So, at dinner, after grace,
the man turned to his wife and said, "Honey, pass the damn ham."
	Their son looked up, surprised.  "WHOAH!  Dad be gettin' hip!
How 'bout them mother-fuckin' potatoes?"


I dined with Lord Hughing Fitz-Bluing
Who said, "Do you squirm when you're screwing?"
	I replied, "Simple shagging
	Without any wagging
Is only for screwing canoeing."


As he had feared, his orders had been forgotten and everyone had brought
the potato salad.


There are also a lot of nice buildings in Haiphong.  What their
contributions are to the war effort I don't know, but the desire to
bomb a virgin building is terrific.
		-- Commander Henry Urban, Jr.


LIBRA (Sep. 23 to Oct. 22)
	Your desire for justice and truth will be overshadowed by your desire
	for filthy lucre and a decent meal.  Be gracious and polite.  Someone
	is watching you, so stop staring like that.


A wise man can see more from a mountain top
than a fool can from the bottom of a well.


The Buddha, the Godhead, resides quite as comfortably in the circuits of a
digital computer or the gears of a cycle transmission as he does at the top
of a mountain or in the petals of a flower.  To think otherwise is to demean
the Buddha -- which is to demean oneself.
		-- Robert Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"


Lonely men seek companionship.
Lonely women sit at home and wait. They never meet.


So many women, so little nerve.


It got to the point where I had to get a haircut
or both feet firmly planted in the air.


Egotism is the anesthetic given by a kindly nature
to relieve the pain of being a damned fool.
		-- Bellamy Brooks


skldfjkljklsR%^&(IXDRTYju187pkasdjbasdfbuil
h;asvgy8p	23r1vyui135	2
kmxsij90TYDFS$$b	jkzxdjkl bjnk ;j	nk;<[][;-==-<<<<<';[,
		[hjioasdvbnuio;buip^&(FTSD$%*VYUI:buio;sdf}[asdf']
				sdoihjfh(_YU*G&F^*CTY98y


Now look what you've gone and done!  You've broken it!


The Poems, all three hundred of them,
may be summed up in one of their phrases:
"Let our thoughts be correct".
		-- Confucius


The personal computer market is about the same size as the total potato chip
market.  Next year it will be about half the size of the pet food market and
is fast approaching the total worldwide sales of pantyhose"
		-- James Finke, Commodore Int'l Ltd., 1982


QOTD:
	"Like this rose, our love will wilt and die."


The difference between art and science is that science is what we
understand well enough to explain to a computer.  Art is everything else.
		-- Donald E. Knuth, "Discover"


So, how's your love life?
Still holding your own?


Alexander Graham Bell is alive and well
in New York, and still waiting for a dial tone.


Al Gore resembled a Vulcan desperately in need of a blow job.
		-- Bobcat Goldthwait


You're almost as happy as you think you are.


Please stand for the National Anthem:

	Oh, say can you see by dawn's early light
	What so proudly we hailed at the twilight's last gleaming?
	Whose broad stripes and bright stars through the perilous fight
	O'er the ramparts we watched were so gallantly streaming?
	And the rockets' red glare, the bombs bursting in air,
	Gave proof through the night that our flag was still there.
	Oh, say does that star-spangled banner yet wave
	O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave?

Thank you.  You may resume your seat.


KNOWLEDGE:
	Things you believe.


When I was a kid I said to my father one afternoon, "Daddy, will you
take me to the zoo?" He answered, "If the zoo wants you let them come
and get you."
		-- Jerry Lewis


A putt that stops close enough to the cup to inspire such comments as
"you could blow it in" may be blown in.  This rule does not apply if
the ball is more than three inches from the hole, because no one wants
to make a travesty of the game.
		-- Donald A. Metz


It pays in England to be a revolutionary and a bible-smacker most of
one's life and then come round.
		-- Lord Alfred Douglas


Phosflink, v.:
	To flick a bulb on and off when it burns out (as if, somehow,
	that will bring it back to life).
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


I think every good Christian ought to kick Falwell right in the ass.
		-- Barry Goldwater


If the designers of X-window built cars, there would be no fewer than five
steering wheels hidden about the cockpit, none of which followed the same
principles -- but you'd be able to shift gears with your car stereo.  Useful
feature, that.
		-- From the programming notebooks of a heretic, 1990


	The only real game in the world, I think, is baseball...
You've got to start way down, at the bottom, when you're six or seven years
old. You can't wait until you're fifteen or sixteen.  You've got to let it
grow up with you, and if you're successful and you try hard enough, you're
bound to come out on top, just like these boys have come to the top now.
		-- Babe Ruth, in his 1948 farewell speech at Yankee Stadium


Girls are better looking in snowstorms.
		-- Archie Goodwin


Straw?  No, too stupid a fad.  I put soot on warts.


Silverman's Law:
	If Murphy's Law can go wrong, it will.


All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.


Good evening Ladies and Gentlemen!
Here's a little number I tossed up in the Caribbean recently...

Isn't it awfully nice to have a Penis,
isn't it frightfully good to have a Dong.

It's swell to have a Stiffy,
it's divine to have a Dick,
from the tinyest little Tadger,
to the world's greatest Prick.

So, breeches for your Willy or John-Thomas,
Hooray! for your One Eyed Trouser's Snake.

Your Piece of Pork, your Wife's best friend,
your Porky or your Cock,
you can wrap it up in ribbons,
you can stick it in your sock!

But, don't take it out in public,
or they will stick you in the dock,
and you won't come back.
		-- Monty Python, "The Meaning of Life"


						PLAYGIRL, Inc.
						Philadelphia, Pa.  19369
Dear Sir:
	Your name has been submitted to us with your photo.  I regret to
inform you that we will be unable to use your body in our centerfold.  On
a scale of one to ten, your body was rated a minus two by a panel of women
ranging in age from 60 to 75 years.  We tried to assemble a panel in the
age bracket of 25 to 35 years, but we could not get them to stop laughing
long enough to reach a decision.  Should the taste of the American woman
ever change so drastically that bodies such as yours would be appropriate
in our magazine, you will be notified by this office.  Please, don't call
us.
	Sympathetically,
	Amanda L. Smith

p.s.	We also want to commend you for your unusual pose.  Were you
	wounded in the war, or do you ride your bike a lot?


... in three to eight years we will have a machine with the general
intelligence of an average human being ... The machine will begin
to educate itself with fantastic speed.  In a few months it will be
at genius level and a few months after that its powers will be
incalculable ...
		-- Marvin Minsky, LIFE Magazine, November 20, 1970


The fact that an opinion has been widely held is no evidence that it is not
utterly absurd; indeed, in view of the silliness of the majority of mankind,
a widespread belief is more often likely to be foolish than sensible.
		-- Bertrand Russell, in "Marriage and Morals", 1929


...we must be wary of granting too much power to natural selection
by viewing all basic capacities of our brain as direct adaptations.
I do not doubt that natural selection acted in building our oversized
brains -- and I am equally confident that our brains became large as
an adaptation for definite roles (probably a complex set of interacting
functions).  But these assumptions do not lead to the notion, often
uncritically embraced by strict Darwinians, that all major capacities
of the brain must arise as direct products of natural selection.
		-- S. J. Gould, "The Mismeasure of Man"


A biologist, a statistician, a mathematician and a computer scientist are on
a photo-safari in Africa.  As they're driving along the savannah in their
jeep, they stop and scout the horizon with their binoculars.

The biologist: "Look!  A herd of zebras!  And there's a white zebra!
	Fantastic!  We'll be famous!"
The statistician: "Hey, calm down, it's not significant.  We only know
	there's one white zebra."
The mathematician: "Actually, we only know there exists a zebra, which is
	white on one side."
The computer scientist : "Oh, no!  A special case!"


Immortality -- a fate worse than death.
		-- Edgar A. Shoaff


Tourist, n.:
	A pretty girl in Oklahoma.


Sex: the thing that takes up the least amount of time and causes the
most amount of trouble.
		-- John Barrymore


Nothing motivates a man more than to
see his boss put in an honest day's work.


You go down to the pickup station,
	craving warmth and beauty;
You settle for less than fascination --
	a few drinks later you're not so choosy.
And the closing lights strip off the shadows
	on this strange new flesh you've found --
Clutching the night to you like a fig leaf
	you hurry to the blackness
	and the blankets to lay down an impression
	and your loneliness.
		-- Joni Mitchell


Drew's Law of Highway Biology:
	The first bug to hit a clean windshield
	lands directly in front of your eyes.


You can have peace.  Or you can have freedom.
Don't ever count on having both at once.
		-- Lazarus Long


She asked me if I loved her still.  "Yes," I replied.  "I've never had
you any other way."


The Phone Booth Rule:
	A lone dime always gets the number nearly right.


No brainer, n.:
	A decision which, viewed through the retrospectoscope,
	is "obvious" to those who failed to make it originally.


