Everybody likes a kidder, but nobody lends him money.
		-- Arthur Miller


T-shirt of the Week:
	I'm not excited, I'm cold!


We are going to have peace even if we have to fight for it.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


It [marriage] happens as with cages: the birds without despair
to get in, and those within despair of getting out.
		-- Michel Eyquem de Montaigne


The man who said "A bird in the hand's worth two in the bush" has been
putting his bird in the *WRONG* bushes.


You can fool some of the people all of the time,
and all of the people some of the time,
but you can make a fool of yourself anytime.


Quantum Mechanics is a lovely introduction to Hilbert Spaces!
		-- Overheard at last year's Archimedeans' Garden Party


There are never any bugs you haven't found yet.


I don't know why we're here, I say we all go home and free associate.


Paranoid Club meeting this Friday.
Now ... just try to find out where!


PROMOTION FROM WITHIN:
	A system of moving incompetents up to the policy-making
	level where they can't foul up operations.


Retirement means that when someone says "Have a nice day", you
actually have a shot at it.


Journalism is literature in a hurry.
		-- Matthew Arnold


Politicians should read science fiction, not westerns and detective stories.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke


There are a lot of lies going around.... and half of them are true.
		-- Winston Churchill


You first parent of the human race... who ruined yourself for an apple,
what might you have done for a truffled turkey?
		-- Brillat-Savarin, "Physiologie du go^ut"


You have Egyptian flu: you're going to be a mummy.


To everything there is a season, a time for every purpose under heaven:
A time to be born, and a time to die;
A time to plant, and a time to pluck what is planted;
A time to kill, and a time to heal;
A time to break down, and a time to build up;
A time to weep, and a time to laugh;
A time to mourn, and a time to dance;
A time to cast away stones, and a time to gather stones;
A time to embrace, and a time to refrain from embracing;
A time to gain, and a time to lose;
A time to keep, and a time to throw away;
A time to tear, and a time to sew;
A time to keep silence, and a time to speak;
A time to love, and a time to hate;
A time of war, and a time of peace.
		Ecclesiastes 3:1-9


The economy depends about as much on economists as the weather does on
weather forecasters.
		-- Jean-Paul Kauffmann


	...He who laughs does not believe in what he laughs at, but neither
does he hate it.  Therefore, laughing at evil means not preparing oneself to
combat it, and laughing at good means denying the power through which good is
self-propagating.
		-- Umberto Eco, "The Name of the Rose"


Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


Traveling through hyperspace isn't like dusting crops, boy.
		-- Han Solo


Nuke the unborn gay female whales for Jesus.


QOTD:
	"I'm on a seafood diet -- I see food and I eat it."


Washington, D.C: Fifty square miles almost completely surrounded by reality.


Adore, v.:
	To venerate expectantly.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Love does not make the world go around, just up and down a bit.


Q:	Why should you always serve a Southern Carolina football man
	soup in a plate?
A:	'Cause if you give him a bowl, he'll throw it away.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(10) Liberalism poisons the soul.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Sex is just one damp thing after another.


Nancy Reagan wants to divorce old Ron...
seems he's making it hard for everyone but her.


XML is like violence: if it doesn't solve your problem, you aren't using
enough of it.
		-- XML guru Chris Maden


Facts are stubborn, but statistics are more pliable.


There was a boy called Eustace Clarence Scrubb, and he almost deserved it.
		-- C. S. Lewis, "The Chronicles of Narnia"


Ever notice that the word "therapist" breaks down into "the rapist"?
Simple coincidence?
Maybe...


The beer-cooled computer does not harm the ozone layer.
		-- John M. Ford, a.k.a. Dr. Mike

	[If I can read my notes from the Ask Dr. Mike session at Baycon, I
	 believe he added that the beer-cooled computer uses "Forget Only
	 Memory".  Ed.]


Like the time I ran away...
And turned around and you were standing close to me.
		-- YES, "Going For The One/Awaken"


Many a bachelor feels the need to insert his masculinity.


I know what you're up to, you white-feathered fiend!
Go release your bowels on some lesser personage!
		-- W. C. Fields, upon seeing a bird overhead


If you think the pen is mightier than the sword, the next time
someone pulls out a sword I'd like to see you get up there with
your Bic.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(14) To free people, peace means the absence of threat.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


You will not be elected to public office this year.


Perplexed, a shy virgin named Plummer
Asked, "what's there to do in the summer?"
	She declined and declined
	Till approached from behind...
When her summer turned out quite a bummer!


Q:	What's the Blonde's cheer?
A:	I'm blonde, I'm blonde, I'm B.L.O.N... ah, oh well..
	I'm blonde, I'm blonde, yea yea yea...

Q:	What do you call it when a blonde dies their hair brunette?
A:	Artificial intelligence.

Q:	How do you make a blonde's eyes light up?
A:	Shine a flashlight in their ear.


Sex is a natural bodily process, like a stroke.


	We were somewhere around Barstow on the edge of the desert when the
drugs began to take hold.  I remember saying something like "I feel a bit
lightheaded; maybe you should drive ..."  And suddenly there was a terrible
roar all around us and the sky was full of what looked like huge bats, all
swooping and screeching and diving around the car, which was going about a
hundred miles an hour with the top down to Las Vegas.  And a voice was
screaming: "Holy Jesus!  What are these goddamn animals?"
	Then it was quiet again.  My attorney had taken his shirt off and
was pouring beer on his chest, to facilitate the tanning process.  "What the
hell are you yelling about?" he muttered, staring up at the sun with his
eyes closed and covered with wraparound Spanish sunglasses.  "Never mind,"
I said.  "It's your turn to drive."  I hit the brakes and aimed the Great
Red Shark toward the shoulder of the highway.  No point in mentioning the
bats, I thought.  The poor bastard will see them soon enough.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas:
		   A Savage Journey to the Heart of the American Dream"


	There once was a master programmer who wrote unstructured programs.
A novice programmer, seeking to imitate him, also began to write unstructured
programs.  When the novice asked the master to evaluate his progress, the
master criticized him for writing unstructured programs, saying: "What is
appropriate for the master is not appropriate for the novice.  You must
understand the Tao before transcending structure."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Forty isn't old, if you're a tree.


If you're going to do something tonight
that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late.
		-- Henny Youngman


Without love intelligence is dangerous;
without intelligence love is not enough.
		-- Ashley Montagu


Whom computers would destroy, they must first drive insane.


	Farmer Johnson was drunk again.
	"You know, Anna," he said to his long-suffering wife, "if you could
only lay eggs we could get rid of all those damn chickens."
	Anna said nothing.  Farmer Johnson tried again.  "You know, Anna, if
only you could give milk we could get rid of that expensive herd of cows."
	Anna looked at him coolly. "You know, Jack," she said, "if only you
could get it up once in a while we could get rid of your brother Bob."


Gordon's first law:
	If a research project is not worth doing, it is not worth doing
	well.


	An architect's first work is apt to be spare and clean.  He knows
he doesn't know what he's doing, so he does it carefully and with great
restraint.
	As he designs the first work, frill after frill and embellishment
after embellishment occur to him.  These get stored away to be used "next
time".  Sooner or later the first system is finished, and the architect,
with firm confidence and a demonstrated mastery of that class of systems,
is ready to build a second system.
	This second is the most dangerous system a man ever designs.  When
he does his third and later ones, his prior experiences will confirm each
other as to the general characteristics of such systems, and their differences
will identify those parts of his experience that are particular and not
generalizable.
	The general tendency is to over-design the second system, using all
the ideas and frills that were cautiously sidetracked on the first one.
The result, as Ovid says, is a "big pile".
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a unicorn.


Anthony's Law of Force:
	Don't force it; get a larger hammer.


I love to eat them Smurfies
Smurfies what I love to eat
Bite they ugly heads off,
Nibble on they bluish feet.


Washington, D.C: Fifty square miles almost completely surrounded by reality.


A group of scientists discovered an apelike creature in the jungle, which
they hoped would prove to be the missing link.  The proof of their theory,
however, required that a human mate with the animal so that they could see
what characteristics the offspring would assume.  Needing volunteers, the
scientists placed an ad in the paper: "$5000 to mate with ape."
	Almost immediately, they received response from a man who said he
would be willing to take part in the experiment, with three conditions.
	"First," he said, "my wife must never know.  Second, any children
must be baptized.  And, third, I'd have to pay in installments."


Ok, note to all reading this: if I ask for information and you don't
have the information available, don't bother sending me an e-mail
just to tell me that you don't have the information available. Wait
until you do have the information available, and then e-mail me. You'll
save precious time and electrons.
		-- Bill Paul


Help!  I'm a lesbian trapped in a gay man's body!
		-- Bisexuality, 101


Do you realize the responsibility I carry?  I'm the only person standing
between Nixon and the White House.
		-- John F. Kennedy, in 1960


Man usually avoids attributing cleverness to somebody else -- unless it
is an enemy.
		-- Albert Einstein


Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
		-- Thomas Jones


Ryan's Law:
	Make three correct guesses consecutively
	and you will establish yourself as an expert.


Most people want either less corruption
or more of a chance to participate in it.


WRONG!


Remember, even if you win the rat race -- you're still a rat.


The American Dental Association announced today that most plaque tends
to form on teeth around 4:00 PM in the afternoon.

Film at 11:00.


Crenna's Law of Political Accountability:
	If you are the first to know about something bad,
	you are going to be held responsible for acting on it,
	regardless of your formal duties.


The grave's a fine and private place,
but none, I think, do there embrace.
		-- Andrew Marvell


He that composes himself is wiser than he that composes a book.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


=============== ALL FRESHMEN PLEASE NOTE ===============

To minimize scheduling confusion, please realize that if you are taking one
course which is offered at only one time on a given day, and another which is
offered at all times on that day, the second class will be arranged as to
afford maximum inconvenience to the student.  For example, if you happen
to work on campus, you will have 1-2 hours between classes.  If you commute,
there will be a minimum of 6 hours between the two classes.


Take it easy, we're in a hurry.


If women ran the military complex, would the missiles be shaped differently?


For thirty years a certain man went to spend every evening with Mme. ___.
When his wife died his friends believed he would marry her, and urged
him to do so.  "No, no," he said: "if I did, where should I have to
spend my evenings?"
		-- Chamfort


What nonsense people talk about happy marriages!
A man can be happy with any woman so long as he doesn't love her.
		-- Wilde


Q:	What's the difference between erotic and kinky?
A:	Erotic is when you use a feather.  Kinky is when you use
	the whole bird.


Absence makes the heart go wander.


In buying horses and taking a wife
shut your eyes tight and commend yourself to God.


Bernard was a young eighty-three, not a gomer, and able to talk.  He'd been
transferred from MBH (Man's Best Hospital), the House's Rival.  Founded in
Colonial times by the WASPs, the insemination of MBH by non-WASPs had taken
place only mid-twentieth century with the token multidextrous Oriental
surgeon, and finally, with the token red-hot internal-medicine Jew.  Yet,
MBH was still Brooks Brothers, while the House was still the Garment District.
For Jews at MBH the password was "Dress British, Think Yiddish."  It was
rare to get a TURF from the MBH to the House, and the Fat Man was curious:
"Bernard, you went to the MBH, they did a great work-up, and you told them,
after they got done, you wanted to be transferred here. Why?"
	"I rilly don't know," said Bernard.
	"Was it the doctors there? The doctors you didn't like?"
	"The doctus?  Nah, the doctus I can't complain."
	"The test or the room?"
	"The tests or the room?  Vell, nah, about them I can't complain."
	"The nurses? The food?" asked Fats, but Bernard shook his head no.
Fats laughed and said, "Listen, Bernie, you went to the MBH, they did this
great workup, and when I asked you shy you came to the House of God, all you
tell me is, 'Nah, I can't complain.'  So why did you come here?  Why, Bernie,
why?"
	"Vhy I come heah?  Vell, said Bernie, "Heah I can complain."
		-- House of God


It may or may not be worthwhile, but it still has to be done.


A woman's a woman until the day she dies, but a man's only a man as long
as he can.
		-- Moms Mabley


An evil mind is a great comfort.


Hawkeye's Conclusion:
	It's not easy to play the clown
	when you've got to run the whole circus.


It's faster horses,
Younger women,
Older whiskey and
More money.
		-- Tom T. Hall, "The Secret of Life"


The Celts invented two things, Whiskey and self-destruction.


Handel's Proverb:
	You can't produce a baby in one month by impregnating 9 women!


If all the Chinese simultaneously jumped into the Pacific off a 10 foot
platform erected 10 feet off their coast, it would cause a tidal wave
that would destroy everything in this country west of Nebraska.


The Crown is full of it!
		-- Nate Harris, 1775


It takes less time to do a thing right
than it does to explain why you did it wrong.
		-- H. W. Longfellow


Lansdale seized on the idea of using Nixon to build support for the
[Vietnamese] elections ... really honest elections, this time.  "Oh, sure,
honest, yes, that's right," Nixon said, "so long as you win!"  With that
he winked, drove his elbow into Lansdale's arm and slapped his own knee.
		-- Richard M. Nixon, quoted in "Sideshow" by W. Shawcross


Reclaimer, spare that tree!
Take not a single bit!
It used to point to me,
Now I'm protecting it.
It was the reader's CONS
That made it, paired by dot;
Now, GC, for the nonce,
Thou shalt reclaim it not.


Hear about...
	the young lady attacked in San Francisco?
	By two men, one held her down while the other one did her hair.


I went into the business for the money, and the art grew out of it.
If people are disillusioned by that remark, I can't help it.
It's the truth.
		-- Charlie Chaplin


SEMINARS:
	From 'semi' and 'arse', hence, any half-assed discussion.


Q:	How does a single woman in New York get rid of cockroaches?
A:	She asks them for a commitment.


Famous last words:
	1: Don't unplug it, it will just take a moment to fix.
	2: Let's take the shortcut, he can't see us from there.
	3: What happens if you touch these two wires tog...
	4: We won't need reservations.
	5: It's always sunny there this time of the year.
	6: Don't worry, it's not loaded.
	7: They'd never (be stupid enough to) make him a manager.
	8: Don't worry!  Women love it!


Better dead than mellow.


The Golden Rule is of no use to you whatever unless you realize it
is your move.
		-- Frank Crane


A bunch of the boys were whooping it in the Malemute saloon;
The kid that handles the music box was hitting a jag-time tune;
Back of the bar, in a solo game, sat Dangerous Dan McGrew,
And watching his luck was his light-o'-love, the lady that's known as Lou.
		-- Robert W. Service


A paranoid is a man who knows a little of what's going on.
		-- William S. Burroughs


How many weeks are there in a light year?


Australia's a lovely land
It's full of bonza blokes,
Sheilas, beer and no-one's queer
Except in Pommie jokes.

Australians are lovely chaps
They're God's own chosen race.
If they ever see a fairy Pom
They'll smash him in the face.

Australians like dressing up
In skirts and having fun
And that's all we were doing
When the Vice Squad came along.
		-- Monty Python


Modem, adj.:
	Up-to-date, new-fangled, as in "Thoroughly Modem Millie."  An
	unfortunate byproduct of kerning.


If A = B and B = C, then A = C, except where void or prohibited by law.
		-- Roy Santoro


The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be
regarded as a criminal offence.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


Great minds run in great circles.


And in the heartbreak years that lie ahead,
Be true to yourself and the Grateful Dead.
		-- Joan Baez


Sex is the mathematics urge sublimated.
		-- M. C. Reed


HOGAN'S HEROES DRINKING GAME --
	Take a shot every time:

-- Sergeant Schultz says, "I knoooooowww nooooothing!"
-- General Burkhalter or Major Hochstetter intimidate/insult Colonel Klink.
-- Colonel Klink falls for Colonel Hogan's flattery.
-- One of the prisoners sneaks out of camp (one shot for each prisoner to go).
-- Colonel Klink snaps to attention after answering the phone (two shots
	if it's one of our heroes on the other end).
-- One of the Germans is threatened with being sent to the Russian front.
-- Corporal Newkirk calls up a German in his phoney German accent, and
	tricks him (two shots if it's Colonel Klink).
-- Hogan has a romantic interlude with a beautiful girl from the underground.
-- Colonel Klink relates how he's never had an escape from Stalag 13.
-- Sergeant Schultz gives up a secret (two shots if he's bribed with food).
-- The prisoners listen to the Germans' conversation by a hidden transmitter.
-- Sergeant Schultz "captures" one of the prisoners after an escape.
-- Lebeau pronounces "colonel" as "cuh-loh-`nell".
-- Carter builds some kind of device (two shots if it's not explosive).
-- Lebeau wears his apron.
-- Hogan says "We've got no choice" when the someone claims that the
	plan is impossible.
-- The prisoners capture an important German, and sneak him out the tunnel.


Nobody knows the trouble I've been.


You could get a new lease on life -- if only you
didn't need the first and last month in advance.


Higgeldy Piggeldy,
Hamlet of Elsinore
Ruffled the critics by dropping this bomb:
"Phooey on Freud and his Psychoanalysis --
Oedipus, Shmoedipus, I just loved Mom."


Krogt, n. (chemical symbol: Kr):
	The metallic silver coating found on fast-food game cards.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Every cloud engenders not a storm.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


	Once there lived a village of creatures along the bottom of a great
crystal river.  Each creature in its own manner clung tightly to the twigs
and rocks of the river bottom, for clinging was their way of life, and
resisting the current what each had learned from birth.  But one creature
said at last, "I trust that the current knows where it is going.  I shall
let go, and let it take me where it will.  Clinging, I shall die of boredom."
	The other creatures laughed and said, "Fool!  Let go, and that current
you worship will throw you tumbled and smashed across the rocks, and you will
die quicker than boredom!"
	But the one heeded them not, and taking a breath did let go, and at
once was tumbled and smashed by the current across the rocks.  Yet, in time,
as the creature refused to cling again, the current lifted him free from the
bottom, and he was bruised and hurt no more.
	And the creatures downstream, to whom he was a stranger, cried, "See
a miracle!  A creature like ourselves, yet he flies!  See the Messiah, come
to save us all!"  And the one carried in the current said, "I am no more
Messiah than you.  The river delight to lift us free, if only we dare let go.
Our true work is this voyage, this adventure.
	But they cried the more, "Saviour!" all the while clinging to the
rocks, making legends of a Saviour.
		-- Richard Bach


QOTD:
	"It wouldn't have been anything, even if it were gonna be a thing."


	An Englishman, a Frenchman and an American are captured by cannibals.
The leader of the tribe comes up to them and says, "Even though you are about
to killed, your deaths will not be in vain.  Every part of your body will be
used.  Your flesh will be eaten, for my people are hungry.  Your hair will be
woven into clothing, for my people are naked.  Your bones will be ground up
and made into medicine, for my people are sick.  Your skin will be stretched
over canoe frames, for my people need transportation.  We are a fair people,
and we offer you a chance to kill yourself with our ceremonial knife."
	The Englishman accepts the knife and yells, "God Save the Queen",
while plunging the knife into his heart.
	The Frenchman removes the knife from the fallen body, and yells,
"Vive la France", while plunging the knife into his heart.
	The American removes the knife from the fallen body, and yells,
while stabbing himself all over his body, "Here's your lousy canoe!"


The real reason psychology is hard is that
psychologists are trying to do the impossible.


Information Processing:
	What you call data processing when people are so disgusted with
	it they won't let it be discussed in their presence.


No sooner had Edger Allen Poe
Finished his old Raven,
then he started his Old Crow.


I'll pretend to trust you if you'll pretend to trust me.


I have gained this by philosophy:
that I do without being commanded what others
do only from fear of the law.
		-- Aristotle


Memory fault -- brain fried


Once the realization is accepted that even between the closest human beings
infinite distances continue to exist, a wonderful living side by side can
grow up, if they succeed in loving the distance between them which makes it
possible for each to see each other whole against the sky.
		-- Rainer Rilke


Why are programmers non-productive?
Because their time is wasted in meetings.

Why are programmers rebellious?
Because the management interferes too much.

Why are the programmers resigning one by one?
Because they are burnt out.

Having worked for poor management, they no longer value their jobs.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Leveraging always beats prototyping.


Bingo, gas station, hamburger with a side order of airplane noise,
and you'll be Gary, Indiana.
		-- Jessie, "Greaser's Palace"


Culture is the habit of being pleased with the best and knowing why.


There's no point in being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes.
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


MOCK APPLE PIE (No Apples Needed)

  Pastry to two crust 9-inch pie	36 RITZ Crackers
2 cups water				 2 cups sugar
2 teaspoons cream of tartar		 2 tablespoons lemon juice
  Grated rind of one lemon		   Butter or margarine
  Cinnamon

Roll out bottom crust of pastry and fit into 9-inch pie plate.  Break
RITZ Crackers coarsely into pastry-lined plate.  Combine water, sugar
and cream of tartar in saucepan, boil gently for 15 minutes.  Add lemon
juice and rind.  Cool.  Pour this syrup over Crackers, dot generously
with butter or margarine and sprinkle with cinnamon.  Cover with top
crust.  Trim and flute edges together.  Cut slits in top crust to let
steam escape.  Bake in a hot oven (425 F) 30 to 35 minutes, until crust
is crisp and golden.  Serve warm.  Cut into 6 to 8 slices.
		-- Found lurking on a Ritz Crackers box


Courage, n.:
	Two cannibals having oral sex.


All possibility of understanding is rooted in the ability to say no.
		-- Susan Sontag


He who walks on burning coals is sure to get burned.
		-- Sinbad


Politicians should read science fiction, not westerns and detective stories.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke


I DON'T THINK I'M ALONE when I say I'd like to see more and more planets
fall under the ruthless domination of our solar system.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


It's bad enough that life is a rat-race,
but why do the rats always have to win?


The meat is rotten, but the booze is holding out.
Computer translation of "The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak."


Is that really YOU that is reading this?


I have that old biological urge,
I have that old irresistible surge,
I'm hungry.


All work and no pay makes a housewife.


