Life is both difficult and time consuming.


If ignorance is bliss, why aren't there more happy people?


Nuclear war would mean abolition of most comforts, and disruption of
normal routines, for children and adults alike.
		-- Willard F. Libby, "You Can Survive Atomic Attack"


When arguments fail, use a blackjack.
		-- Edward "Spike" O'Donnell, Al Capone associate


Opium is very cheap considering you don't
feel like eating for the next six days.
		-- Taylor Mead, famous transvestite


	The Gray-haired Woman's Complaint

My back aches, my pussy is sore;
I simply can't fuck any more;
	I'm covered with sweat,
	And you haven't come yet,
And my God, it's a quarter to four!


Section 2.4.3.5   AWNS   (Acceptor Wait for New Cycle State).
	In AWNS the AH function indicates that it has received a
multiline message byte.
	In AWNS the RFD message must be sent false and the DAC message
must be sent passive true.
	The AH function must exit the AWNS and enter:
	(1)  The ANRS if DAV is false
	(2)  The AIDS if the ATN message is false and neither:
		(a)  The LADS is active
		(b)  Nor LACS is active

		-- from the IEEE Standard Digital Interface for
		   Programmable Instrumentation


Do not permit a woman to ask forgiveness, for that is only the first
step.  The second is justification of herself by accusation of you.
		-- DeGourmont


Mathematics, rightly viewed, possesses not only truth but supreme beauty --
a beauty cold and austere, like that of a sculpture, without appeal to any
part of our weaker nature, without the gorgeous trapping of painting or music,
yet sublimely pure, and capable of a stern perfection such as only the
greatest art can show.  The true spirit of delight, the exaltation, the sense
of being more than man, which is the touchstone of the highest excellence, is
to be found in mathematics as surely as in poetry.
		-- Bertrand Russell


There's amnesia in a hangknot,
And comfort in the ax,
But the simple way of poison will make your nerves relax.
	There's surcease in a gunshot,
	And sleep that comes from racks,
	But a handy draft of poison avoids the harshest tax.
You find rest on the hot squat,
Or gas can give you pax,
But the closest corner chemist has peace in packaged stacks.
	There's refuge in the church lot
	When you tire of facing facts,
	And the smoothest route is poison prescribed by kindly quacks.
Chorus:	With an *ugh!* and a groan, and a kick of the heels,
	Death comes quiet, or it comes with squeals --
	But the pleasantest place to find your end
	Is a cup of cheer from the hand of a friend.
		-- Jubal Harshaw, "One For The Road"


The possession of a book becomes a substitute for reading it.
		-- Anthony Burgess


Fools rush in -- and get the best seats in the house.


Little Known Facts, #23:
	Did you know... that if you dial 911 in Los Angeles you get
	the BMW repair garage?


Someone did a study of the three most-often-heard phrases in New York
City.  One is "Hey, taxi."  Two is, "What train do I take to get to
Bloomingdale's?"  And three is, "Don't worry.  It's just a flesh wound."
		-- David Letterman


Living in Hollywood is like living in a bowl of granola.
What ain't fruits and nuts is flakes.


	A man who keeps stealing mopeds is an obvious cycle-path.


Walking on water wasn't built in a day.
		-- Jack Kerouac


The Linimon's Rule About PRs: The More You Close, The More Will Come


If we could sell our experiences for what they cost us, we would
all be millionaires.
		-- Abigail Van Buren


Playing poker with busty Ms. Ware,
He announced as he folded with flair,
	"I had four of a kind,
	But those aces combined,
Don't stack up, I'm afraid, with your pair."


The Lord gave us farmers two strong hands so we could grab as much as
we could with both of them.
		-- Joseph Heller, "Catch-22"


Symptom:		Floor swaying.
Fault:			Excessive air turbulence, perhaps due to air-hockey
			game in progress.
Action Required:	Insert broom handle down back of jacket.

Symptom:		Everything has gone dim, strange taste of peanuts
			and pretzels or cigarette butts in mouth.
Fault:			You have fallen forward.
Action Required:	See above.

Symptom:		Opposite wall covered with acoustic tile and several
			fluorescent light strips.
Fault:			You have fallen over backward.
Action Required:	If your glass is full and no one is standing on your
			drinking arm, stay put.  If not, get someone to help
			you get up, lash yourself to bar.

		-- Bar Troubleshooting


The Psblurtex is an 18-inch long anaconda that hides in the gentlemen's
outfitting departments of Amazonian stores and is often bought by mistake
since its colors are those of the London Reform Club.  Once tied around its
victim's neck, it strangles him gently and then claims the insurance before
running off to Germany where it lives in hiding.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Keep your Eye on the Ball,
Your Shoulder to the Wheel,
Your Nose to the Grindstone,
Your Feet on the Ground,
Your Head on your Shoulders.
Now... try to get something DONE!


Being in politics is like being a football coach.  You have to be smart
enough to understand the game and dumb enough to think it's important.
		-- Eugene McCarthy


EARL GREY PROFILES

NAME:		Jean-Luc Perriwinkle Picard
OCCUPATION:	Starship Big Cheese
AGE:		94
BIRTHPLACE:	Paris, Terra Sector
EYES:		Grey
SKIN:		Tanned
HAIR:		Not much
LAST MAGAZINE READ:
		Lobes 'n' Probes, the Ferengi-Betazoid Sex Quarterly
TEA:		Earl Grey.  Hot.

EARL GREY NEVER VARIES.


Lost: gray and white female cat.
Answers to electric can opener.


Pascal, n.:
	A programming language named after a man who would turn over
	in his grave if he knew about it.
		-- Datamation, January 15, 1984


The University of California Statistics Department; where mean is normal,
and deviation standard.


"The testes are cooler outside,"
Said the doc to the curious bride,
	"For the semen must not
	Get too fucking hot,
And the bag fans your bum on the ride."


A Code of Honour: never approach a friend's girlfriend or wife with mischief
as your goal.  There are too many women in the world to justify that sort of
dishonourable behaviour.  Unless she's really attractive.
		-- Bruce J. Friedman, "Sex and the Lonely Guy"


Progress was all right.  Only it went on too long.
		-- James Thurber


If it heals good, say it.


There can be no twisted thought without a twisted molecule.
		-- R. W. Gerard


There is a fly on your nose.


An attorney was defending his client against a charge of first-degree
murder.  "Your Honor, my client is accused of stuffing his lover's
mutilated body into a suitcase and heading for the Mexican border.
Just north of Tijuana a cop spotted her hand sticking out of the
suitcase.  Now, I would like to stress that my client is *not* a
murderer.  A sloppy packer, maybe..."


Behind every argument is someone's ignorance.


A Fortran compiler is the hobgoblin of little minis.


In childhood a woman must be subject to her father; in youth to her
husband; when her husband is dead, to her sons.  A woman must never
be free of subjugation.
		-- The Hindu Code of Manu


If all the world's economists were laid end to end,
we wouldn't reach a conclusion.
		-- William Baumol


God is not dead!  He's alive and autographing bibles at Cody's.


Politicians are the same everywhere.  They promise
to build a bridge even where there is no river.
		-- Nikita Khrushchev


If Ricky Schroder and Gary Coleman had a fight on television with
pool cues, who would win?
	1) Ricky Schroder
	2) Gary Coleman
	3) The television viewing public
		-- David Letterman


If you think things can't get worse it's probably only because you
lack sufficient imagination.


Science is to computer science as hydrodynamics is to plumbing.


You are taking yourself far too seriously.


Reach out and fuck someone.


We're constantly being bombarded by insulting and humiliating music, which
people are making for you the way they make those Wonder Bread products.
Just as food can be bad for your system, music can be bad for your spiritual
and emotional feelings.  It might taste good or clever, but in the long run,
it's not going to do anything for you.
		-- Bob Dylan, "LA Times", September 5, 1984


Don't abandon hope.
Your Captain Midnight decoder ring arrives tomorrow.


Never speak ill of yourself, your friends will always say enough on
that subject.
		-- Charles-Maurice De Talleyrand


There is no such thing as a free lunch.


Indifference will certainly be the downfall of mankind, but who cares?


The only constant is change.


It's so fuckin' great to be alive!


GIVE UP!!!!


Nullum magnum ingenium sine mixtura dementiae fuit.
		-- Seneca


Suddenly, Professor Liebowitz realizes he has come to the seminar
without his duck ...


He's the kind of guy, that, well, if you were ever in a jam he'd
be there... with two slices of bread and some chunky peanut butter.


Wisdom is knowing what to do with what you know.
		-- J. Winter Smith


In a great romance, each person basically plays a part that the
other really likes.
		-- Elizabeth Ashley


Once at a social gathering, Gladstone said to Disraeli, "I predict,
Sir, that you will die either by hanging or of some vile disease".
Disraeli replied, "That all depends upon whether I embrace your
principals or your mistress."


This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and
intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to which they
are addressed. If you are not the intended recipient of this
transmission, please delete it immediately.

Obviously, I am the idiot who sent it to you by mistake. Furthermore,
there is no way I can force you to delete it. Worse, by the time you
have reached this disclaimer you have already read the document.
Telling you to forget it would seem absurd. In any event, I have no
legal right to force you to take any action upon this email anyway.

This entire disclaimer is just a waste of everyone's time and
bandwidth. Therefore, let us just forget the whole thing and enjoy a
cold beer instead.
 		-- found on the dovecot mailinglist


Ouch mosquito, silent by night,
Why pierce my skin, so white?
You grow plump, as a leech.
Stop!  I beseech (in vein).

I have no choice.
Why waste my voice,
When only a slap will do?
Ouch, I am bitten!
What ho, you are smitten!
Yo mosquito, fuck you.
		-- Mitchell Peck, "Ouch, Mosquito"


Galbraith's Law of Human Nature:
	Faced with the choice between changing one's mind and proving that
	there is no need to do so, almost everybody gets busy on the proof.


Boss, n.:
	According to the Oxford English Dictionary, in the Middle Ages the
	words "boss" and "botch" were largely synonymous, except that boss,
	in addition to meaning "a supervisor of workers" also meant "an
	ornamental stud."


... computer hardware progress is so fast.  No other technology since
civilization began has seen six orders of magnitude in performance-price
gain in 30 years.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr.


Use what talents you possess: the woods would be very silent
if no birds sang there except those that sang best.
		-- Henry Van Dyke


Work Rule: Leave of Absence (for an Operation):
	We are no longer allowing this practice.  We wish to discourage
any thoughts that you may not need all of whatever you have, and you
should not consider having anything removed.  We hired you as you are,
and to have anything removed would certainly make you less than we
bargained for.


The dangerous Lego Bomb, which targets shag rugs and scatters pieces of
plastic that hurt like hell when you step on them is banned entirely....
Hiring David Copperfield to pretend to saw the missiles in half will not
be permitted...  In order to reduce risk of accidental war, both sides
agree to ban the popular but dangerous "Simon Says" training drill at
nuclear launch sites...  Under no circumstances will either side reveal
that it hammered out the treaty in one afternoon, but spent the last nine
years arguing the Monty Hall and the three doors problem.
		-- Little known provisions of the START treaty by James Lileks


Minnesota --
	home of the blonde hair and blue ears.
	mosquito supplier to the free world.
	come fall in love with a loon.
	where visitors turn blue with envy.
	one day it's warm, the rest of the year it's cold.
	land of many cultures -- mostly throat.
	where the elite meet sleet.
	glove it or leave it.
	many are cold, but few are frozen.
	land of the ski and home of the crazed.
	land of 10,000 Petersons.


Californians are a strange people.  They'll put every chemical known to God
and man up their nostrils and then laugh at you for putting sugar in your
coffee.


All the men on my staff can type.
		-- Bella Abzug


When you dig another out of trouble,
you've got a place to bury your own.


Some of my readers ask me what a "Serial Port" is.
The answer is: I don't know.
Is it some kind of wine you have with breakfast?


CHRISTMAS:
	A day set apart by some as a time for turkey, presents, cranberry
	salads, family get-togethers; for others, noted as having the best
	response time of the entire year.


	Vice-President Hubert Humphrey's loquacity is legendary, and Barry
Goldwater notes that "Hubert has been clocked at 275 words a minute with gusts
up to 340."

	On the campaign trail during 1964, Republican nominee Barry Goldwater
stated, "The immediate task before us is to cut the Federal Government down
to size... we must take Lyndon's credit card away from him."

	A favorite 1964 campaign stunt of Barry Goldwater's was to poke a
finger through a pair of lensless blackrimmed glasses, saying, "These glasses
are just like [Lyndon Johnson's] programs.  They look good but they don't
work."
		-- Bill Adler, "The Washington Wits"


The relative importance of files depends on their cost
in terms of the human effort needed to regenerate them.
		-- T. A. Dolotta


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(12) Freedom is God-given.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


	Why are you doing this to me?
	Because knowledge is torture, and there must be awareness before
there is change.
		-- Jim Starlin, "Captain Marvel", #29


Si Dieu n'existait pas, il faudrait l'inventer.
		-- Voltaire


The best thing about being bald is, that, when unexpected
company arrives, all you have to do is straighten your tie.


Which would you rather have, a bursting
planet or an earthquake here and there?
		-- John Joseph Lynch


Niklaus Wirth has lamented that, whereas Europeans pronounce his
name correctly (Ni-klows Virt), Americans invariably mangle it into
(Nick-les Worth).  Which is to say that Europeans call him by name,
but Americans call him by value.


An American businessman in London was given special visitor's privileges at an
exclusive men's club.  Striding in one afternoon, the American approached the
only other man in the lounge and tried to strike up a conversation.  "Care
for a cigar?" he asked.
	"No, thank you," the Englishman replied.  "I tried smoking once and
didn't like it."
	"Would you care to join me in the bar for a drink, then?" the
businessman asked.
	"No, thank you.  I tried drinking once and it didn't agree with me."
	"Well, how about a game of billiards?"
	"Sorry.  I tried it once and couldn't seem to get the hang of it."
	As the American started to turn away, the Englishman said, "But my
son will be here shortly, and I'm sure he would enjoy a game with you."
	"Your son?  An only child, I presume."


This guy runs into his house and yells to his wife, "Kathy, pack up your
bags!  I just won the California lottery!"
	"Honey!", Kathy exclaims, "Shall I pack for warm weather or cold?"
	"I don't care," responds the husband. "just so long as you're out
of the house by dinner!"


I shall give a propagandist reason for starting the war, no matter whether
it is plausible or not.  The victor will not be asked afterwards whether
he told the truth or not.  When starting and waging war it is not right
that matters, but victory.
		-- Adolf Hitler


God made machine language; all the rest is the work of man.


You are a bundle of energy, always on the go.


It's amazing how much better you feel once you've given up hope.


It happened that a fire broke out backstage in a theater.  The clown
came out to inform the public.  They thought it was just a jest and
applauded.  He repeated his warning, they shouted even louder.  So I
think the world will come to an end amid general applause from all the
wits, who believe that it is a joke.
		-- S. A. Kierkegaard (1813-1855)


Around the turn of this century, a composer named Camille Saint-Saens wrote
a satirical zoological-fantasy called "Le Carnaval des Animaux."  Aside from
one movement of this piece, "The Swan", Saint-Saens didn't allow this work
to be published or even performed until a year had elapsed after his death.
(He died in 1921.)
	Most of us know the "Swan" movement rather well, with its smooth,
flowing cello melody against a calm background; but I've been having this
fantasy...
	What if he had written this piece with lyrics, as a song to be sung?
And, further, what if he had accompanied this song with a musical saw?  (This
instrument really does exist, often played by percussionists!)  Then the
piece would be better known as:
	SAINT-SAENS' SAW SONG "SWAN"!


One planet is all you get.


Walking on water wasn't built in a day.
		-- Jack Kerouac


Writing is easy; all you do is sit staring at the blank sheet of
paper until drops of blood form on your forehead.
		-- Gene Fowler


The net of law is spread so wide,
No sinner from its sweep may hide.
Its meshes are so fine and strong,
They take in every child of wrong.
O wondrous web of mystery!
Big fish alone escape from thee!
		-- James Jeffrey Roche


It is dangerous for a national candidate to say things that people might
remember.
		-- Eugene McCarthy


It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees.


QOTD:
	"Of course there's no reason for it, it's just our policy."


If you steal from one author it's plagiarism; if you steal from
many it's research.
		-- Wilson Mizner


Picking up a man in a bar is like a snowstorm, you never know when
he's coming, how many inches you'll get or how long he'll stay.


A squeegee by any other name wouldn't sound as funny.


Be braver -- you can't cross a chasm in two small jumps.


Authors are easy to get on with -- if you're fond of children.
		-- Michael Joseph, "Observer"


My boy is mean kid.  I came home the other day and saw him taping worms
to the sidewalk, he sits there and watches the birds get hernias.  Well,
only last Christmas I gave him a B-B gun and he gave me a sweatshirt with
a bulls-eye on the back.

I told my kids, "Someday, you'll have kids of your own."  One of them
said, "So will you."
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


QOTD:
	"Like this rose, our love will wilt and die."


It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary
depends upon his not understanding it.
		-- Upton Sinclair


METEOROLOGIST:
	One who doubts the established fact that it is
	bound to rain if you forget your umbrella.


You can build a throne out of bayonets, but you can't sit on it for very long.
		-- Boris Yeltsin


Don't try to outweird me, three-eyes.  I get stranger things than you free
with my breakfast cereal.
		-- Zaphod Beeblebrox


The only difference between a rut and a grave is their dimensions.


We are sorry.  We cannot complete your call as dialed.  Please check
the number and dial again or ask your operator for assistance.

This is a recording.


From the moment I picked your book up until I put it down I was
convulsed with laughter.  Some day I intend reading it.
		-- Groucho Marx, from "The Book of Insults"


I love treason but hate a traitor.
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar


Grandpa Charnock's Law:
	You never really learn to swear until you learn to drive.

	[I thought it was when your kids learned to drive.  Ed.]


No sooner said than done -- so acts your man of worth.
		-- Quintus Ennius


Humpty Dumpty sat on the wall,
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall!
All the king's horses,
And all the king's men,
Had scrambled eggs for breakfast again!


A woman, especially if she have the misfortune
of knowing anything, should conceal it as well as she can.
		-- Jane Austen


