The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep.
		-- W. C. Fields


Well, didja wake up grouchy or did you let her sleep?


Everyone was born right-handed.
Only the greatest overcome it.


The passionate young thing was having a difficult time getting across what
she wanted from her rather dense boyfriend.  Finally she asked,
	"Would you like to see where I was operated on for appendicitis?"
	"Gosh, no!" he replied.  "I hate hospitals."


Those who make peaceful revolution impossible
will make violent revolution inevitable.
		-- John F. Kennedy


The income tax has made more liars out of the American people than golf
has.  Even when you make a tax form out on the level, you don't know
when it's through if you are a crook or a martyr.
		-- Will Rogers


The primary requisite for any new tax law is for it to exempt enough
voters to win the next election.


Nothing is so often irretrievably missed as a daily opportunity.
		-- Ebner-Eschenbach


The world is coming to an end.  Please log off.


Many people are secretly interested in life.


A man needs a mistress, just to break the monogamy.


The earth is like a tiny grain of sand, only much, much heavier.


Novinson's Revolutionary Discovery:

	When comes the revolution, things will be different --
	not better, just different.


Philosophy, n.:
	The ability to bear with calmness the misfortunes of our friends.


A liberal is a man too broad minded to take his own side in a quarrel.
		-- Robert Frost


I would rather say that a desire to drive fast
sports cars is what sets man apart from the animals.


So here was this fellow of Strensall
Whose pecker was shaped like a pencil,
	Anemic, 'tis true,
	But an interesting screw,
Inasmuch as the tip was prehensile.


The major sin is the sin of being born.
		-- Samuel Beckett


A salamander scurries into flame to be destroyed.
Imaginary creatures are trapped in birth on celluloid.
		-- Genesis, "The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway"

I don't know what it's about.  I'm just the drummer.  Ask Peter.
		-- Phil Collins in 1975, when asked about the message behind
		   the previous year's Genesis release, "The Lamb Lies Down
		   on Broadway".


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #11

MONOPOLI:
	Peter Weir's classic film examining the false heroism of parlour
	games.  The powerful ending of the film sees one young man after
	another charge toward GO, only to senselessly lose his life on the
	Boardwalk property.


In the Garden of Eden sat Adam,
Massaging the bust of his madam,
	He chuckled with mirth,
	For he knew that on earth,
There were only two boobs and he had 'em.


I think sex is better than logic, but I can't prove it.


Everyone is entitled to my opinion.


Dishonor will not trouble me, once I am dead.
		-- Euripides


QOTD:
	"What I like most about myself is that I'm so understanding
	when I mess things up."


...before I could come to any conclusion it occurred to me that my speech
or my silence, indeed any action of mine, would be a mere futility.  What
did it matter what anyone knew or ignored?  What did it matter who was
manager?  One gets sometimes such a flash of insight. The essentials of
this affair lay deep under the surface, beyond my reach, and beyond my
power of meddling.
		-- Joseph Conrad


There are two theories to arguing with women. Neither one works.


Hard work may not kill you, but why take the chance?


Research, n.:
	Consider Columbus:
	He didn't know where he was going.
	When he got there he didn't know where he was.
	When he got back he didn't know where he had been.
	And he did it all on someone else's money.


If we won't stand together, we don't stand a chance.


Today is gonna be one helluva week!


Likewise, the national appetizer, brine-cured herring with raw onions,
wins few friends, Germans excepted.
		-- Darwin Porter, "Scandinavia On $50 A Day"


Standards are different for all things, so the standard set by man is by
no means the only "certain" standard.  If you mistake what is relative for
something certain, you have strayed far from the ultimate truth.
		-- Chuang Tzu


Tertullian was born in Carthage somewhere about 160 A.D.  He was a
pagan, and he abandoned himself to the lascivious life of his city until
about his 35th year, when he became a Christian. [...]  To him is
ascribed the sublime confession: Credo quia absurdum est (I believe
because it is absurd).  This does not altogether accord with historical
fact, for he merely said: "And the Son of God died, which is immediately
credible because it is absurd.  And buried he rose again, which is
certain because it is impossible."  Thanks to the acuteness of his mind,
he saw through the poverty of philosophical and Gnostic knowledge, and
contemptuously rejected it.
		-- Carl G. Jung, "Psychological Types"
		   [Tertullian was one of the founders of the Catholic
		   Church.  Ed.]


The work of Mess Sergeant Potgieter
Is not merely reading a meter.
	By orders of Kirk
	A part of his work
Is dosing the food with saltpeter.


Love is like the measles; we all have to go through it.
		-- Jerome K. Jerome


Jesus died for your sins.  Make it worth his time.


Alcohol is the anesthesia by which we endure the operation of life.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Don't dip your wick in a WAC,
Don't ride the breast of a WAVE,
	Just sit in the sand
	And do it by hand,
And buy bonds with the money you save.


You can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake.
		-- Jeannette Rankin


I was in accord with the system so long as it
permitted me to function effectively.
		-- Albert Speer


You prefer the company of the opposite
sex, but are well liked by your own.


QOTD:
	"On a scale of 1 to 10 I'd say...  oh, somewhere in there."


The world is a comedy to those who think,
and a tragedy to those who feel.
		-- Horace Walpole


Justice, n.:
	A decision in your favor.


I'd like to meet the man who invented sex and see what he's working on
now.


I asked a teacher what the opposite of a miracle was and she, without
thinking, I assume, said it was an act of God.
			-- Terry Prachett (Daily Mail 21 june 2008)


If you're really into astrology, tell me, what happens
when Mercury is in the Fish, and Jupiter enters the Virgin?


Tequila my girl, is deceiving:
Take two at the very most.
Take three and you're under the table,
Take four and you're under the host.


Everyone complains of his memory, no one of his judgment.


What if everything is an illusion and nothing exists?
In that case, I definitely overpaid for my carpet.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


We don't need no education, we don't need no thought control.
		-- Pink Floyd


I hate trolls.  Maybe I could metamorph it into something else -- like a
ravenous, two-headed, fire-breathing dragon.
		-- Willow


It may be that your whole purpose in life
is simply to serve as a warning to others.


If you are not for yourself, who will be for you?
If you are for yourself, then what are you?
If not now, when?


	Eugene d'Albert, a noted German composer, was married six times.
At an evening reception which he attended with his fifth wife shortly
after their wedding, he presented the lady to a friend who said politely,
"Congratulations, Herr d'Albert; you have rarely introduced me to so
charming a wife."


He that teaches himself has a fool for a master.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


The moss on the tree does not fear the talons of the hawk.


Believe everything you hear about the world; nothing is too
impossibly bad.
		-- Honore de Balzac


When Alexander Graham Bell died in 1922, the telephone people
interrupted service for one minute in his honor.  They've been
honoring him intermittently ever since, I believe.
		-- The Grab Bag


	Eugene d'Albert, a noted German composer, was married six times.
At an evening reception which he attended with his fifth wife shortly
after their wedding, he presented the lady to a friend who said politely,
"Congratulations, Herr d'Albert; you have rarely introduced me to so
charming a wife."


If you ever want to get anywhere in politics, my boy, you're going to
have to get a toehold in the public eye.


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Man:

 1. A beer NEVER leaves the toilet seat up.
 2. A beer lasts longer than seven seconds.
 3. A beer doesn't want to watch pro wrestling.
 4. A beer won't expect you to cook dinner when you're not hungry.
 5. A beer will never leave dirty socks on the floor.
 6. A beer doesn't mind when your mother visits.
 7. A beer does as many chores as a man, with a LOT less complaining.
 8. A beer won't leave you for a younger woman.
 9. A beer won't leave you for a younger man either.
10. A beer won't tease you because you once liked Barry Manilow.


The seven eyes of Ningauble the Wizard floated back to his hood as he
reported to Fafhrd: "I have seen much, yet cannot explain all.  The Gray
Mouser is exactly twenty-five feet below the deepest cellar in the palace
of Gilpkerio Kistomerces.  Even though twenty-four parts in twenty-five of
him are dead, he is alive.
	Now about Lankhmar.  She's been invaded, her walls breached
everywhere and desperate fighting is going on in the streets, by a fierce
host which out-numbers Lankhamar's inhabitants by fifty to one -- and
equipped with all modern weapons.  Yet you can save the city."
	"How?" demanded Fafhrd.
	Ningauble shrugged.  "You're a hero.  You should know."
		-- Fritz Leiber, "The Swords of Lankhmar"


Normally our rules are rigid; we tend to discretion, if for no other
reason than self-protection.  We never recommend any of our graduates,
although we cheerfully provide information as to those who have failed
their courses.
		-- Jack Vance, "Freitzke's Turn"


Hear about...
	the fun-loving young lady who insists she won't even consider
	marriage until she's gotten some experience under her belt?


It was the Law of the Sea, they said.  Civilization ends at the waterline.
Beyond that, we all enter the food chain, and not always right at the top.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


I know a Polack his name is Cliff,
Hey-la-de-la-de-la.
He sticks it in the freezer to get it stiff,
Hey-la-de-la-de-lo.

I know a girl, her name is Serafina,
Hey-la-de-la-de-la.
She'll get down on all fours for a bowl of Purina,
Hey-la-de-la-de-lo.

I know a girl, her name is Cuffy,
Hey-la-de-la-de-la.
She douches with Tide and makes her pubes fluffy,
Hey la-de-la-de-lo.
		-- Doctor Dirty


Q:	How many WASPs does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	One.


Sadoequinecrophilia, n.:
	Beating a dead horse.


Hark, the Herald Tribune sings,
Advertising wondrous things.
		-- Tom Lehrer


A gangster assembled an engineer, a chemist, and a physicist.  He explained
that he was entering a horse in a race the following week and the three
assembled guys had the job of assuring that the gangster's horse would win.
They were to reconvene the day before the race to tell the gangster how they
each propose to ensure a win.  When they reconvened the gangster started with
the engineer:

Gangster: OK, Mr. engineer, what have you got?
Engineer: Well, I've invented a way to weave metallic threads into the saddle
	  blanket so that they will act as the plates of a battery and provide
	  electrical shock to the horse.
G:	  That's very good!  But let's hear from the chemist.
Chemist:  I've synthesized a powerful stimulant that dissolves
	  into simple blood sugars after ten minutes and therefore
	  cannot be detected in post-race tests.
G:	  Excellent, excellent!  But I want to hear from the physicist before
	  I decide what to do.  Physicist?

Physicist: Well, first consider a spherical horse in simple harmonic motion...


A likely impossibility is always preferable to an unconvincing possibility.
		-- Aristotle


He has not acquired a fortune; the fortune has acquired him.
		-- Bion


The two oldest professions in the world have been ruined by amateurs.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


A radioactive cat has eighteen half-lives.


When I was a child...  We had a quick-sand box in the backyard...
I was an only child...  eventually.
		-- Steven Wright


A young girl once committed suicide because her mother refused her a new
bonnet.  Coroner's verdict: "Death from excessive spunk."
		-- Sacramento Daily Union, September 13, 1860


The two men feigned friendship but secretly hated each other's guts and took
great pleasure in giving one another the needle on any and all occasions.
This particular evening they met, quite by accident, at a popular bar.
The conversation started innocently enough; then one, with sudden inspiration,
ran his hand over the other's bald head and exclaimed,
	"By God, Fred, that feels just like my wife's ass!"
The other ran his own hand over his head and nonchalantly retorted,
	"Well, I'll be damned, Jim, so it does, so it does!"


Dr. Livingston?
Dr. Livingston I. Presume?


The young girl was having a heart-to-heart talk with her mother on her
first visit home since starting college.
	"Mom, I have to tell you," the girl confessed.  "I lost my virginity
last weekend."
	"I'm not surprised," said her mother.  "It was bound to happen sooner
or later.  I just hope it was a romantic and pleasurable experience."
	"Well, yes and no," the pretty student remarked.  "The first eight
guys felt great, but after them my pussy got real sore."


There is a definite parallel between shots of tequila and a
woman's breasts.  One is not enough and three are too many.


...[after the announcement of Vanguard] ... Secretary of Defense Charles
Wilson (the same "Engine Charlie" who once told the Senate, "[F]or years
I've thought that what was good for our country was good for General Motors,
and vice versa," probably an accurate analysis) was asked whether the
Russians might beat the Americans into orbit.  "I wouldn't care if they
did," he responded.  (It was later claimed that Wilson favored the
development of the automatic transmission so that he could drive with
one foot in his mouth.)
		-- Smithsonian's Air&Space Magazine, "The Day the Rocket Died"


Q:	What do a walrus and a tupperware container have in common?
A:	They both like a tight seal.


Any instrument when dropped will roll into the least accessible corner.


To get back on your feet, miss two car payments.


Man is the only animal that blushes -- or needs to.
		-- Mark Twain


Many pages make a thick book.


Reality must take precedence over public relations, for Mother Nature
cannot be fooled.
		-- R. P. Feynman


Several years ago, an international chess tournament was being held in a
swank hotel in New York.  Most of the major stars of the chess world were
there, and after a grueling day of chess, the players and their entourages
retired to the lobby of the hotel for a little refreshment.  In the lobby,
some players got into a heated argument about who was the brightest, the
fastest, and the best chess player in the world.  The argument got quite
loud, as various players claimed that honor.  At that point, a security
guard in the lobby turned to another guard and commented, "If there's
anything I just can't stand, it's chess nuts boasting in an open foyer."


QOTD:
	"In the shopping mall of the mind, he's in the toy department."


Build a better mousetrap, the saying goes -- and with the brassiere,
Yankee Ingenuity did exactly that.  But their true stroke of genius was
the new bait.  The old fashioned mousetrap was loaded with cheese;
nobody cares much about cheese, except mice.  But when American
Know-How reloaded the brassiere with tits, every heterosexual male in
the country was hopelessly trapped.
		-- Alan Sherman, "The Rape of the A*P*E*"


Rome was not built in one day.
		-- John Heywood


Legislation proposed in the Illinois State Legislature, May, 1907:
	"Speed upon county roads will be limited to ten miles an hour
unless the motorist sees a bailiff who does not appear to have had a
drink in 30 days, when the driver will be permitted to make what he
can."


Say it with flowers,
Or say it with mink,
But whatever you do,
Don't say it with ink!
		-- Jimmie Durante


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #12

	Those who can, do.  Those who can't, write the instructions.


Q:	What do you call a group of kids with low IQs, drinking diet cola,
	eating fruit, and singing?
A:	The Moron Tab and Apple Choir.


God is an atheist.


Byte your tongue.


Perhaps the world's second-worst crime is boredom.  The first is
being a bore.
		-- Cecil Beaton


Romeo was restless, he was ready to kill,
He jumped out the window 'cause he couldn't sit still,
Juliet was waiting with a safety net,
Said "don't bury me 'cause I ain't dead yet".
		-- Elvis Costello


Weed's Axiom:
	Never ask two questions in a business letter.
	The reply will discuss the one in which you are
	least interested and say nothing about the other.


What's so funny?


There are people who find it odd to eat four or five Chinese meals
in a row; in China, I often remind them, there are a billion or so
people who find nothing odd about it.
		-- Calvin Trillin


The girl who swears no one has ever made love to her has a right to swear.
		-- Sophia Loren


First Law of Socio-Genetics:
	Celibacy is not hereditary.


Why isn't there a special name for the tops of your feet?
		-- Lily Tomlin


Men say of women what pleases them; women do with men what pleases them.
		-- DeSegur


STATISTICS:
	A system for expressing your political
	prejudices in convincing scientific guise.


Ever since prehistoric times, wise men have tried to understand what,
exactly, make people laugh.  That's why they were called "wise men."
All the other prehistoric people were out puncturing each other with
spears, and the wise men were back in the cave saying: "How about:
Would you please take my wife?  No.  How about: Here is my wife, please
take her right now.  No.  How about:  Would you like to take something?
My wife is available.  No.  How about ..."
		-- Dave Barry, "Why Humor is Funny"


Don't get mad, get even.
		-- Joseph P. Kennedy

Don't get even, get jewelry.
		-- Anonymous


Do you mean that you not only want a wrong
answer, but a certain wrong answer?
		-- Tobaben


... when fits of creativity run strong, more than one programmer or writer
has been known to abandon the desktop for the more spacious floor.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr.


These days the necessities of life cost you about three times what
they used to, and half the time they aren't even fit to drink.


In cosmetics, there's cases of revolutionary Venus Envy Hair Spray;
Legette Hair Fastener Heat Bags; Lady O' Spain Self-Blinding Eye Shadow
with Magic Puncture Pencil; Sanitary Napkin Rings in Little Miss, Moon
Maid and Stuck Pig Strength; and deported Italian Napagel Balls for
soaking or eating; and they're all slash-priced with the lady in mind...
		-- The Firesign Theatre


OCCAM'S ERASER:
	The philosophical principle that even the simplest
	solution is bound to have something wrong with it.


Beer & Pretzels -- Breakfast of Champions.


For a thousand years I wielded the powers of the wish.  I brought ruin
to the heads of unfaithful men.  I brought forth destruction and chaos
for the pleasure of the lower beings.  I was feared and worshiped across
the mortal globe.  And now I'm stuck at Sunnydale High.  A mortal.
A child ...  and I'm flunking math.
		-- Anya, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Doppelgangland"
		   Season 3, Episode 16


When I need something
To help me unwind
I find a six-foot baby		What kind of guy
With a one-track mind		Does a lot for me
Smart guys are nowhere		Superman
They make demands		With a lobotomy
Give me a moron			My father's out of Harvard
With talented hands		My brother's out of Yale
I go bar-hopping		Well the guy I took home last night
And they say "Last call"	Just got out of jail
I start shopping		The way he grabbed and threw me
For a Neanderthal		Oooo, it really got me hot
				But the way he growled and bit me
The bigger they come		I hoped he had his shots
The harder I fall
In love till we're done		The bigger they are
Then they're out in the hall	The harder they'll work
				I got a soft spot
				For a good-looking jerk
		-- Julie Brown, "I Like 'Em Big and Stupid"


You always introduce the younger person to the older person, using the
wording:  "Miss Brown, I'd like to introduce you to an older person"
(unless her name is not "Miss Brown").  If you do not know a person's
age, ask for a driver's license and a major credit card.  If you are
introduced to a member of a minority group, use the "high-five" style
handshake, followed by a remark designed to show you don't mind a bit,
such as "I see you are a (name of a minority group)!  Good!"
		-- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"


From listening comes wisdom and from speaking repentance.


Mental things which have not gone in through the
senses are vain and bring forth no truth except detrimental.
		-- Leonardo


When the candles are out all women are fair.
		-- Plutarch


What the hell is it good for?
		-- Robert Lloyd (engineer of the Advanced Computing Systems
		   Division of IBM), to colleagues who insisted that the
		   microprocessor was the wave of the future, c. 1968


To understand this important story, you have to understand how the
telephone company works.  Your telephone is connected to a local
computer, which is in turn connected to a regional computer, which is
in turn connected to a loudspeaker the size of a garbage truck on the
lawn of Edna A. Bargewater of Lawrence, Kan.

Whenever you talk on the phone, your local computer listens in.  If it
suspects you're going to discuss an intimate topic, it notifies the
computer above it, which listens in and decides whether to alert the
one above it, until finally, if you really humiliate yourself, maybe
break down in tears and tell your closest friend about a sordid
incident from your past involving a seedy motel, a neighbor's spouse,
an entire religious order, a garden hose and six quarts of tapioca
pudding, the top computer feeds your conversation into Edna's
loudspeaker, and she and her friends come out on the porch to listen
and drink gin and laugh themselves silly.
		-- Dave Barry, "Won't It Be Just Great Owning Our Own
		   Phones?"


A woman did what a woman had to, the best way she knew how.
To do more was impossible, to do less, unthinkable.
		-- Dirisha, "The Man Who Never Missed"


I've got all the money I'll ever need if I die by 4 o'clock.
		-- Henny Youngman


All the men on my staff can type.
		-- Bella Abzug


GRASSHOPPOTAMUS:
	A creature that can leap to tremendous heights... once.


Rodeo fuck, n.:
	When you lean down and whisper in your lover's ear, "Honey, you're
	the worst piece of ass I've ever had!".  And then try to stay on
	for seven seconds...


Osborn's Law:
	Variables won't; constants aren't.


SAGITTARIUS (Nov 22 - Dec 21)
	You are optimistic and enthusiastic.  You have a reckless
	tendency to rely on luck since you lack talent.  The majority
	of Sagittarians are drunks or dope fiends or both.  People
	laugh at you a great deal.


The easiest way to figure the cost of living is to take your income and
add ten percent.


