We may eventually come to realize that chastity is no more a virtue
than malnutrition.
		-- Alex Comfort


You should make a point of trying every experience once -- except
incest and folk-dancing.
		-- A. Bax, "Farewell My Youth"


No evil can happen to a good man.
		-- Plato


FORTUNE EXPLAINS WHAT JOB REVIEW CATCH PHRASES MEAN:	#1

Skilled oral communicator:
	Mumbles inaudibly when attempting to speak.  Talks to self.
	Argues with self.  Loses these arguments.

Skilled written communicator:
	Scribbles well.  Memos are invariable illegible, except for
	the portions that attribute recent failures to someone else.

Growth potential:
	With proper guidance, periodic counseling, and remedial training,
	the reviewee may, given enough time and close supervision, meet
	the minimum requirements expected of him by the company.

Key company figure:
	Serves as the perfect counter example.


Most people have a furious itch to talk about themselves and are restrained
only by the disinclination of others to listen.  Reserve is an artificial
quality that is developed in most of us as the result of innumerable rebuffs.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham


The nice thing about egotists is that they don't talk about other people.
		-- Lucille S. Harper


I think the world is ready for the story of an ugly duckling, who grew up to
remain an ugly duckling, and lived happily ever after.
		-- Chick


The New England Journal of Medicine reports that 9 out of 10
doctors agree that 1 out of 10 doctors is an idiot.


Pretend to spank me -- I'm a pseudo-masochist!


Beauty seldom recommends one woman to another.


Q:	How can you tell when a Burroughs salesman is lying?
A:	When his lips move.


It got to the point where I had to get a haircut
or both feet firmly planted in the air.


Christ died for our sins.  Dare we make his martyrdom meaningless by not
committing them?
		-- Jules Feiffer


I just ate a whole package of Sweet Tarts and a can of Coke.
I think I saw God.
		-- B. Hathrume Duk


I ain't got no quarrel with them Viet Congs.
		-- Muhammad Ali


Crito, I owe a cock to Asclepius; will you remember to pay the debt?
		-- Socrates' last words


The first guy that rats gets a bellyful of slugs in the head.  Understand?
		-- Joey Glimco, trade unionist


QOTD:
	"How can I miss you if you won't go away?"


Q:	What's the difference between the 1950's and the 1980's?
A:	In the 80's, a man walks into a drugstore and states loudly, "I'd
	like some condoms," and then, leaning over the counter, whispers,
	"and some cigarettes."


Sometimes, too long is too long.
		-- Joe Crowe


Mason's First Law of Synergism:
The one day you'd sell your soul for something, souls are a glut.


He knew the tavernes well in every toun.
		-- Geoffrey Chaucer


Repartee is something we think of twenty-four hours too late.
		-- Mark Twain


It is difficult to legislate morality in the absence of moral legislators.


Don't quit now, we might just as well
lock the door and throw away the key.


Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not
become a monster.  And when you look into an abyss, the abyss also looks
into you.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Q:	What did Jesus tell the Aggies?
A:	Play dumb until the second coming.


Slick's Three Laws of the Universe:
	1)  Nothing in the known universe travels faster than a bad check.
	2)  A quarter-ounce of chocolate = four pounds of fat.
	3)  There are two types of dirt:  the dark kind, which is
	    attracted to light objects, and the light kind, which is
	    attracted to dark objects.


Well, I'm disenchanted too.  We're all disenchanted.
		-- James Thurber


If people see that you mean them no harm,
they'll never hurt you, nine times out of ten!


An American is a man with two arms and four wheels.
		-- A Chinese child


In those days he was wiser than he is now -- he used to frequently take
my advice.
		-- Winston Churchill


When confronted by a difficult problem, you can often solve it quite
easily by reducing it to the question, "How would the Lone Ranger
handle this?"


A friendly message from your Internal Revenue Service: tax time is
coming again soon.  Bend over.


The fortune program is supported, in part, by user contributions
and by a major grant from the National Endowment for the Inanities.


Mary had a little sheep,
And with the sheep she went to sleep,
The sheep turned out to be a ram,
And Mary had a little lamb.


The more I see of men the more I admire dogs.
		-- Mme De Sevigne (1626-1696)


Two recent emigrants to the United States, on their first day off the boat
in New York City, spied a hotdog vendor.  "Do they eat dogs in America?"
one asked his companion.
	"I don't know."
	"Well, if we're going to live in America, we have to learn to eat
American foods."
	So they each bought a wax paper wrapped hotdog and sat down to eat
them on a nearby park bench.  One man looked inside his wax paper, then over
at the other man, and asked, "So, what part did you get?"


Being frustrated is disagreeable, but the real
disasters in life begin when you get what you want.


Early to bed and early to rise and you'll
be groggy when everyone else is wide awake.


So... did you ever wonder, do garbage men take showers before they
go to work?


[Norm comes in with an attractive woman.]

Coach:  Normie, Normie, could this be Vera?
Norm:   With a lot of expensive surgery, maybe.
		-- Cheers, Norman's Conquest

Coach:  What's up, Normie?
Norm:   The temperature under my collar, Coach.
		-- Cheers, I'll Be Seeing You (Part 2)

Coach:  What would you say to a nice beer, Normie?
Norm:   Going down?
		-- Cheers, Diane Meets Mom


Somebody's terminal is dropping bits.
I found a pile of them over in the corner.


	Some 1500 miles west of the Big Apple we find the Minneapple, a
haven of tranquility in troubled times.  It's a good town, a civilized town.
A town where they still know how to get your shirts back by Thursday.  Let
the Big Apple have the feats of "Broadway Joe" Namath.  We have known the
stolid but steady Killebrew.  Listening to Cole Porter over a dry martini
may well suit those unlucky enough never to have heard the Whoopee John Polka
Band and never to have shared a pitcher of 3.2 Grain Belt Beer.  The loss is
theirs.  And the Big Apple has yet to bake the bagel that can match peanut
butter on lefse.  Here is a town where the major urban problem is dutch elm
disease and the number one crime is overtime parking.  We boast more theater
per capita than the Big Apple.  We go to see, not to be seen.  We go even
when we must shovel ten inches of snow from the driveway to get there.  Indeed
the winters are fierce.  But then comes the marvel of the Minneapple summer.
People flock to the city's lakes to frolic and rejoice at the sight of so
much happy humanity free from the bonds of the traditional down-filled parka.
Here's to the Minneapple.  And to its people.  Our flair for style is balanced
by a healthy respect for wind chill factors.
	And we always, always eat our vegetables.
	This is the Minneapple.


I'd rather just believe that it's done by little elves running around.


Who cares if it doesn't do anything?  It was made with
our new Triple-Iso-Bifurcated-Krypton-Gate-MOS process...


I try not to break the rules but merely to test their elasticity.
		-- Bill Veeck


Weinberg's Second Law:
	If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs,
	then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization.
		-- Gerald Weinberg


The last thing one knows in constructing a work is what to put first.
		-- Blaise Pascal


I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas.
I'm frightened of the old ones.
		-- John Cage


Sanity is the trademark of a weak mind.
		-- Mark Harrold


The early worm gets the bird.


It is true that if your paperboy throws your paper into the bushes for five
straight days it can be explained by Newton's Law of Gravity.  But it takes
Murphy's law to explain why it is happening to you.


You cannot see the wood for the trees.
		-- John Heywood


Fashions have done more harm than revolutions.
		-- Victor Hugo


Anything created must necessarily be inferior to the essence of the creator.
		-- Claude Shouse

Einstein's mother must have been one heck of a physicist.
		-- Joseph C. Wang


Freedom is slavery.
Ignorance is strength.
War is peace.
		-- George Orwell


The shy young man had been married for three months when he reported to his
doctor that his marriage was still in name only.  The doctor, after hearing
the sad tale, told him that waiting until bedtime to make advances was causing
psychological pressure and advised him to take advantage of the next time he
felt in the mood.  A week later, the doctor happened to meet the man again,
and noticed a new spring in his step.  "My advice worked, I take it?" he
inquired.
	The young man grinned.  "Perfectly.  The other night, we were having
supper, and as I reached for the salt -- so did she!  Our hands touched... It
was as if an electric current ran through us.  I leaped to my feet, swept the
dishes from the table and then and there consummated our marriage!  There's
just one problem, however.  We can't go back to The Four Seasons again..."


Fear and loathing, my man, fear and loathing.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


Television -- a medium.  So called because it is neither rare nor well done.
		-- Ernie Kovacs


The little town that time forgot,
Where all the women are strong,
The men are good-looking,
And the children above-average.
		-- Prairie Home Companion


WHEN YOU'RE RIDING IN A TIME MACHINE way far into the future, don't stick
your elbow out the window or it'll turn into a fossil.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


As they say about Dungeons and Dragons, "Life's a die, and then you bitch."


	COONDOG MEMORY
	(heard in Rutledge, Missouri, about eighteen years ago)

Now, this dog is for sale, and she can not only follow a trail twice as
old as the average dog can, but she's got a pretty good memory to boot.
For instance, last week this old boy who lives down the road from me, and
is forever stinkmouthing my hounds, brought some city fellow around to
try out ol' Sis here.  So I turned her out south of the house and she made
two or three big swings back and forth across the edge of the woods, set
back her head, bayed a couple of times, cut straight through the woods,
come to a little clearing, jumped about three foot straight up in the air,
run to the other side, and commenced to letting out a racket like she had
something treed.  We went over there with our flashlights and shone them
up in the tree but couldn't catch no shine offa coon's eyes, and my
neighbor sorta indicated that ol' Sis might be a little crazy, `cause she
stood right to the tree and kept singing up into it.  So I pulled off my
coat and climbed up into the branches, and sure enough, there was a coon
skeleton wedged in between a couple of branches about twenty foot up.
Now as I was saying, she can follow a pretty old trail, but this fellow
was still calling her crazy or touched `cause she had hopped up in the
air while she was crossing the clearing, until I reminded him that the
Hawkins' had a fence across there about five years back.  Now, this dog
is for sale.
		-- News that stayed News: Ten Years of Coevolution Quarterly


I despise the pleasure of pleasing people whom I despise.


Meeting, n.:
	An assembly of people coming together to decide what person or
	department not represented in the room must solve a problem.


There once was a Sailor who looked through a glass
And spied a fair mermaid with scales on her... island.
Where seagulls flew over their nest.
She combed the long hair which hung over her... shoulders.
And caused her to tickle and itch.
The sailor cried out "There's a beautiful... mermaid.
A sittin' out there on the rocks."
The crew came a running, all grabbing their... glasses.
And crowded four deep to the rail.
All eager to share in this fine piece of... news.
...
"Throw out a line and we'll lasso her... flippers.
And soon we will certainly find
If mermaids are better before or be... brave
My dear fellows," The captain cried out.
And cursing with spleen.
This song may be dull, but it's certainly clean.
		-- "The Clean Song", Oscar Brandt


The amount of weight an evangelist carries with the almighty is measured
in billigrahams.


A myth is a religion in which no-one any longer believes.
		-- James Feibleman, "Understanding Philosophy"


The black bear used to be one of the most commonly seen large animals
because in Yosemite and Sequoia national parks they lived off of garbage
and tourist handouts.  This bear has learned to open car doors in
Yosemite, where damage to automobiles caused by bears runs into the tens
of thousands of dollars a year.  Campaigns to bearproof all garbage
containers in wild areas have been difficult, because as one biologist
put it, "There is a considerable overlap between the intelligence levels
of the smartest bears and the dumbest tourists."


Flame on!
		-- Johnny Storm


America is a stronger nation for the ACLU's uncompromising effort.
		-- President John F. Kennedy

The simple rights, the civil liberties from generations of struggle must not
be just fine words for patriotic holidays, words we subvert on weekdays, but
living, honored rules of conduct amongst us...I'm glad the American Civil
Liberties Union gets indignant, and I hope this will always be so.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson

The ACLU has stood foursquare against the recurring tides of hysteria that
from time to time threaten freedoms everywhere... Indeed, it is difficult
to appreciate how far our freedoms might have eroded had it not been for the
Union's valiant representation in the courts of the constitutional rights
of people of all persuasions, no matter how unpopular or even despised
by the majority they were at the time.
		-- former Supreme Court Chief Justice Earl Warren


When democracy granted democratic methods to us in times of opposition, this
was bound to happen in a democratic system.  However, we National Socialists
never asserted that we represented a democratic point of view, but we have
declared openly that we used the democratic methods only to gain power and
that, after assuming the power, we would deny to our adversaries without any
consideration the means which were granted to us in times of our opposition.
		-- Josef Goebbels


If someone were to ask me for a short cut to sensuality, I would
suggest he go shopping for a used 427 Shelby-Cobra.  But it is only
fair to warn you that of the 300 guys who switched to them in 1966,
only two went back to women.
		-- Mort Sahl


Why are you watching
The washing machine?
I love entertainment
So long as it's clean.

Professor Doberman:
	While the preceding poem is unarguably a change from the guarded
pessimism of "The Hound of Heaven," it cannot be regarded as an unqualified
improvement.  Obscurity is of value only when it tends to clarify the poetic
experience.  As much as one is compelled to admire the poem's technique, one
must question whether its byplay of complex literary allusions does not in
fact distract from the unity of the whole.  In the final analysis, one
receives the distinct impression that the poem's length could safely have
been reduced by a factor of eight or ten without sacrificing any of its
meaning.  It is to be hoped that further publication of this poem can be
suspended pending a thorough investigation of its potential subversive
implications.


The worst part of having success is trying
to find someone who is happy for you.
		-- Bette Midler


Many a long dispute between divines may thus be abridged: It is so.  It
is not so.  It is so.  It is not so.
		-- Benjamin Franklin, "Poor Richard's Almanack"


He played smooch and stinkfinger with Daisy
Till this virgin was gotch-eyed and hazy.
	Then his gargantuan pole in
	Her pink, tight, and swollen
Young cunt just about drove her crazy.


The use of money is all the advantage there is to having money.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Hors d'oeuvres -- a ham sandwich cut into forty pieces.
		-- Jack Benny


Your object is to save the world,
while still leading a pleasant life.


Hugh Hefner is a virgin.


The days just prior to marriage are like a snappy introduction
to a tedious book.


I have no doubt that it is a part of the destiny of the human race,
in its gradual improvement, to leave off eating animals.
		-- Thoreau


I'd horsewhip you if I had a horse.
		-- Groucho Marx


One day a city dweller decided to take a ride in the country.  He hopped
into his sportscar, wandered along the highway for a while and then exited
to some very rural dirt roads in the middle of farm country.  After awhile,
he came across a farmer who clearly working his fields.  The funny thing was,
the farmer didn't seem to be wearing any pants.  The man got out of his car
and approached the farmer.
	"Hey, buddy," he asked, "how come you're not wearing any clothes?"
	Replied the farmer, "Well, boy, th' other day I was out a-workin'
in the fields, an' I plum fergot t' wear mah shirt.  Got back to th' house
that night, and mah neck was stiffer than an oak-wood board.  This here's
mah wife's idea."


Christianity has not been tried and found wanting; it has been
found difficult and not tried.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


I suppose that in a few hours I will sober up. That's such a sad
thought. I think I'll have a few more drinks to prepare myself.


Good day for overcoming obstacles.  Try a steeplechase.


Nobody ever ruined their eyesight by looking at the bright side of something.


We read to say that we have read.


Disclaimer: Any resemblance between the above views and those of my
employer, my terminal, or the view out my window are purely
coincidental.  Any resemblance between the above and my own views is
non-deterministic.  The question of the existence of views in the
absence of anyone to hold them is left as an exercise for the reader.
The question of the existence of the reader is left as an exercise for
the second god coefficient.  (A discussion of non-orthogonal,
non-integral polytheism is beyond the scope of this article.)


If you look like your driver's license photo -- see a doctor.
If you look like your passport photo -- it's too late for a doctor.


Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #11

MONOPOLI:
	Peter Weir's classic film examining the false heroism of parlour
	games.  The powerful ending of the film sees one young man after
	another charge toward GO, only to senselessly lose his life on the
	Boardwalk property.


If it's worth doing, do it for money.


And do you not think that each of you women is an Eve?  The judgment of God
upon your sex endures today; and with it invariably endures your position of
criminal at the bar of justice.
		-- Tertullian, second-century Christian writer


Someday your prints will come.
		-- Kodak


Nowlan's Theory:
	He who hesitates is not only lost, but several miles from
	the next freeway exit.


My folks didn't come over on the Mayflower,
but they were there to meet the boat.


If dolphins are so smart, why did Flipper work for television?


"Twas bergen and the eirie road
Did mahwah into patterson:		"Beware the Hopatcong, my son!
All jersey were the ocean groves,	The teeth that bite, the nails
And the red bank bayonne.			that claw!
					Beware the bound brook bird, and shun
He took his belmar blade in hand:	The kearney communipaw."
Long time the folsom foe he sought
Till rested he by a bayway tree		And, as in nutley thought he stood,
And stood a while in thought.		The Hopatcong with eyes of flame,
					Came whippany through the englewood,
One, two, one, two, and through		And garfield as it came.
	and through
The belmar blade went hackensack!	"And hast thou slain the Hopatcong?
He left it dead and with it's head	Come to my arms, my perth amboy!
He went weehawken back.			Hohokus day!  Soho!  Rahway!"
					He caldwell in his joy.
Did mahwah into patterson:
All jersey were the ocean groves,
And the red bank bayonne.
		-- Paul Kieffer


Of what you see in books, believe 75%.  Of newspapers, believe 50%.  And of
TV news, believe 25% -- make that 5% if the anchorman wears a blazer.


COBOL is for morons.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


I have no doubt the Devil grins,
As seas of ink I spatter.
Ye gods, forgive my "literary" sins--
The other kind don't matter.
		-- Robert W. Service


That girl could suck the chrome off a bumper.


A stunning blonde, but probably all bean dip above the eyebrows.


One good suit is worth a thousand resumes.


Maier's Law:
	If the facts do not conform to the theory, they must be disposed of.
		-- N. R. Maier, "American Psychologist", March 1960

Corollaries:
	1.  The bigger the theory, the better.
	2.  The experiment may be considered a success if no more than
	    50% of the observed measurements must be discarded to
	    obtain a correspondence with the theory.


The connection between the language in which we think/program and the problems
and solutions we can imagine is very close.  For this reason restricting
language features with the intent of eliminating programmer errors is at best
dangerous.
		-- Bjarne Stroustrup


Bringing your mate to a convention is like taking a game warden hunting.


Space: the final frontier.  These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise.
Its five-year mission: to explore strange new worlds; to seek out new life
and new civilizations; to boldly go where no man has gone before.
		-- Captain James T. Kirk


In the misfortune of our friends we find something that is not
displeasing to us.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld, "Maxims"


Any road followed to its end leads precisely nowhere.
Climb the mountain just a little to test it's a mountain.
From the top of the mountain, you cannot see the mountain.
		-- Bene Gesserit proverb, "Dune"


In an organization, each person rises to the level of his own
incompetency
		-- The Peter Principle


Get forgiveness now -- tomorrow you may no longer feel guilty.


America works less, when you say "Union Yes!"


Kill 'em all, and let God sort 'em out.


In 1880 the French captured Detroit but gave it back ... they couldn't
get parts.


You can't expect a boy to be vicious till he's been to a good school.
		-- H. H. Munro


A well-known friend is a treasure.


If only God would give me some clear sign!
Like making a large deposit in my name at a Swiss bank.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


Life is a game of bridge -- and you've just been finessed.


One day, in a bar, a young man walks in with a little dwarf about one foot
tall on his shoulder and orders a beer.  The bartender serves the man a beer;
to his astonishment, the little guy walks down the man's arm, takes a swallow
of the brew and spits it in his face.  After a few minutes the customer
orders another beer and the exact same thing happens.  Well, by this time,
the bartender is getting pretty upset; he figures that the man should take
care of the dwarf.  So he asks the guy, "Why are you letting that guy drink
all your beer and spit it in my face?"
	"Well, sir, when I was on a contract in Saudi Arabia I met this genie
and he granted me three wishes.  I asked for a million dollars, the most
beautiful woman in the world, and a twelve-inch prick.


San Francisco:
	A nice place to visit, but I wouldn't want to tie my shoelaces
	there.


Women aren't as mere as they used to be.
		-- Pogo


Behind every successful man you'll find a woman with nothing to wear.


Your temporary financial embarrassment will
be relieved in a surprising manner.


A Difficulty for Every Solution.
		-- Motto of the Federal Civil Service


	"Reintegration complete," ZORAC advised.  "We're back in the
universe again..."  An unusually long pause followed, "...but I don't
know which part.  We seem to have changed our position in space."  A
spherical display in the middle of the floor illuminated to show the
starfield surrounding the ship.
	"Several large, artificial constructions are approaching us,"
ZORAC announced after a short pause.  "The designs are not familiar, but
they are obviously the products of intelligence.  Implications: we have
been intercepted deliberately by a means unknown, for a purpose unknown,
and transferred to a place unknown by a form of intelligence unknown.
Apart from the unknowns, everything is obvious."
		-- James P. Hogan, "Giants Star"


Did you hear about the new sorority girl doll?
You put a ring on her finger and her hips expand.


A certain bartender decided to try to get a few new customers into his bar
by starting a gimmick involving a horse.  His claim was that if anyone could
get the horse to laugh, he would give them drinks on the house.  The idea
worked well and business improved until one night a young man walked in and
whispered in the horse's ear.  The horse immediately burst into hysterical
laughter and the man won the contest.  The next night the same thing
happened: the man whispered in the horse's ear and the horse burst out
laughing.  The next night, the bartender decided to change the rules.  Now,
a person had to get the horse to cry in order to win the drinks on the
house.  Later on that night, the same guy came in and said "Can I take the
horse into the bathroom for a minute?  I promise I'll make him cry."  The
bartender agreed and sure enough, when the man came out leading the horse,
the horse was crying his eyes out.  The bartender could take it no more and
said, "How did you make him laugh the other two nights?"
	"I told him that my dick was bigger than his", replied the man.
	"How did you make him cry tonight?"
	"I proved it."


A man may well bring a horse to the water,
but he cannot make him drink with he will.
		-- John Heywood


The light of a hundred stars does not equal the light of the moon.


A man gazing at the stars is proverbially at the mercy of the puddles
in the road.
		-- Alexander Smith


British education is probably the best in the world, if you can survive
it.  If you can't there is nothing left for you but the diplomatic corps.
		-- Peter Ustinov


A young New York housewife was shocked by some of the language used by her
daughter.  When asked about it, the daughter said she had learned it from
a small girl she played with in the park.  The next day, the mother sought
out the little girl as she played in the park.  "Are you the little girl
who uses bad words?"
	"Who told you?"
	"A little bird," answered the mother.
	"Well, I like that!" exclaimed the small girl.  "And I've been
feeding the little bastards, too!"


Also, the Scots are said to have invented golf.  Then they had
to invent Scotch whiskey to take away the pain and frustration.


What does education often do?
It makes a straight cut ditch of a free meandering brook.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


Hear about...
	the insurance salesman who says his greatest successes are
	with young housewives who aren't adequately covered?


Painting, n.:
	The art of protecting flat surfaces from the weather, and
	exposing them to the critic.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


You will become rich and famous unless you don't.


I know a Polack his name is Cliff,
Hey-la-de-la-de-la.
He sticks it in the freezer to get it stiff,
Hey-la-de-la-de-lo.

I know a girl, her name is Serafina,
Hey-la-de-la-de-la.
She'll get down on all fours for a bowl of Purina,
Hey-la-de-la-de-lo.

I know a girl, her name is Cuffy,
Hey-la-de-la-de-la.
She douches with Tide and makes her pubes fluffy,
Hey la-de-la-de-lo.
		-- Doctor Dirty


Goodbye, cool world.


At social gatherings, I would amuse everyone by standing uponst the
coffee table and striking meself repeatedly upon the head with a brick.
		-- H. R. Gumby


The bogosity meter just pegged.


I've had one child.  My husband wants to have another.  I'd like to
watch him have another.
		-- Rita Rudner


Critic, n.:
	A person who boasts himself hard to please because nobody tries
	to please him.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


We don't have to protect the environment -- the Second Coming is at hand.
		-- James Watt, noted theologian


Age, n.:
	That period of life in which we compound for the vices that we
	still cherish by reviling those that we no longer have the
	enterprise to commit.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


About the only thing on a farm that has an easy time is the dog.


	A little dog goes into a saloon in the Wild West, and beckons to
the bartender.  "Hey, bartender, gimmie a whiskey."
	The bartender ignores him.
	"Hey bartender, gimmie a whiskey."
	Still ignored.
	"HEY BARMAN!!  GIMMIE A WHISKEY!!"
	The bartender takes out his six-shooter and shoots the dog in the
leg, and the dog runs out the saloon, howling in pain.
	Three years later, the wee dog appears again, wearing boots,
jeans, chaps, a Stetson, gun belt, and guns.  He ambles slowly into the
saloon, goes up to the bar, leans over it, and says to the bartender,
"I'm here t'git the man that shot muh paw."


Briefly stated, the findings are that when presented with an array of
data or a sequence of events in which they are instructed to discover
an underlying order, subjects show strong tendencies to perceive order
and causality in random arrays, to perceive a pattern or correlation
which seems a priori intuitively correct even when the actual correlation
in the data is counterintuitive, to jump to conclusions about the correct
hypothesis, to seek and to use only positive or confirmatory evidence, to
construe evidence liberally as confirmatory, to fail to generate or to
assess alternative hypotheses, and having thus managed to expose themselves
only to confirmatory instances, to be fallaciously confident of the validity
of their judgments (Jahoda, 1969; Einhorn and Hogarth, 1978).  In the
analyzing of past events, these tendencies are exacerbated by failure to
appreciate the pitfalls of post hoc analyses.
		-- A. Benjamin


The Ruffed Pandanga of Borneo and Rotherham spreads out his feathers in
his courtship dance and imitates Winston Churchill and Tommy Cooper on
one leg.  The padanga is dying out because the female padanga doesn't
take it too seriously.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Alimony is like buying oats for a dead horse.
		-- Arthur Baer


It is not true that life is one damn thing after another -- it is one
damn thing over and over.
		-- Edna St. Vincent Millay


Type louder, please.


Alimony, n.:
	Having an ex you can bank on.


In my sweet little Alice Blue gown
Was the first time I ever laid down,
	I was both proud and shy
	As he opened his fly
And the moment I saw it I thought I would die.

Oh it hung almost down to the ground,
As it went in I made not a sound,
	The more that he shoved it
	The more that I loved it,
As he came on my Alice Blue gown.


The fact that people are poor or discriminated against doesn't necessarily
endow them with any special qualities of justice, nobility, charity or
compassion.
		-- Saul Alinsky


I don't discriminate on the basis of sex.
		-- Bisexuality, 101
		[An equal opportunity lover?  Ed.]


Sex is an emotion in motion.
		-- Mae West


It has long been known that birds will occasionally build nests in the
manes of horses.  The only known solution to this problem is to sprinkle
baker's yeast in the mane, for, as we all know, yeast is yeast and nest
is nest, and never the mane shall tweet.


Revolution, n.:
	In politics, an abrupt change in the form of misgovernment.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Murray's Rule:
	Any country with "democratic" in the title isn't.


Although a fifth-generation American, Father Sweeny was more Irish than most
of Erin's natives.  He spoke with an Irish brogue which had mysteriously
appeared during his nineteenth year and he *hated* the English.  Due to his
proclivity to belabor the British from his pulpit, complaints to his
superiors were not infrequent.  He would blame anything evil or merely
inconvenient on the English people.  If there was an act of terrorism, the
responsibility was promptly laid at the feet of the Brits.  If there was a
natural disaster, undoubtedly the English government was an accessory to
the fact, if not outrightly culpable.  Repeatedly, his superiors called him
on the carpet for his behavior.  After a particularly vituperative
anti-British broadside, the Bishop instructed Father Sweeny to come straight
to his office; do not pass GO; do not collect two hundred dollars.  Summing
up a humiliating and soul-marking reprimand, the Bishop ended with: "Next
week is Saint Patrick's Day.  If you so much as *mention* the British, it's
your last sermon!"

The following Sunday, as Father Sweeny spoke lovingly and eloquently of
Saint Patrick, and he made a reference to the last Passover celebrated by
Christ and His disciples.  "Sure, an' you're all familiar with the tale.
You know that Our Lord sat at the table and told his disciples that one
among them would betray Him.  As He looked around the table, He stopped at
Peter, the Rock, who said, `Not I, Lord!'  He looked at Thomas, who doubted,
and Thomas said, `I could never do such a thing!'  Then the Lord looked long
and hard at Judas Iscariot, who said, `Cor, bloimy, Guv'na, you couldn't
main may!'"


Fortune's current rates:

	Answers				.10
	Long answers			.25
	Answers requiring thought	.50
	Correct answers			$1.00

	Dumb looks are still free.


A girl with a future avoids the man with a past.
		-- Evan Esar, "The Humor of Humor"


When the fog came in on little cat feet last night, it left these little
muddy paw prints on the hood of my car.


In the land of the dark the Ship of the
Sun is driven by the Grateful Dead.
		-- Egyptian Book of the Dead


	"...A strange enigma is man!"
	"Someone calls him a soul concealed in an animal," I suggested.
	"Winwood Reade is good upon the subject," said Holmes.  "He remarked
that, while the individual man is an insoluble puzzle, in the aggregate he
becomes a mathematical certainty.  You can, for example, never foretell what
any one man will do, but you can say with precision what an average number
will be up to.  Individuals vary, but percentages remain constant.  So says
the statistician."
		-- Sherlock Holmes, "The Sign of Four"


