Puff the Jewish dragon lived in Palestine,
And frolicked in the Autumn mist,
And drank Manishiewitz wine.
Little Rabbi Jacob loved that rascal Puff,
And brought him soup and Matzah balls,
And other kosher stuff.

Then one day it happened, Puff was eating pork.
Little Rabbi Jacob took that dragon for a walk.
Gently he explained that dragons don't eat meat,
That come from little piggies who have dirty filthy feet.


The three faithful things in life are money, a dog and an old woman.


You never learned anything by doing it right.


QOTD:
	"I used to be lost in the shuffle, now I just shuffle along with
	the lost."


A social scientist, studying the culture and traditions of a small North
African tribe, found a woman still practicing the ancient art of matchmaking.
Locally, she was known as the Moor, the marrier.


Do people know you have freckles everywhere?


Advice is a dangerous gift; be cautious about giving and receiving it.


"Creation science" has not entered the curriculum for a reason so simple
and so basic that we often forget to mention it: because it is false, and
because good teachers understand exactly why it is false.  What could be
more destructive of that most fragile yet most precious commodity in our
entire intellectual heritage -- good teaching -- than a bill forcing
honorable teachers to sully their sacred trust by granting equal treatment
to a doctrine not only known to be false, but calculated to undermine any
general understanding of science as an enterprise?
		-- Stephen Jay Gould, "The Skeptical Inquirer"


The older a man gets, the farther he had to walk to school as a boy.


CAPRICORN (Dec. 22 to Jan. 19)
	Follow your instincts.  You are much too scatterbrained to do anything
	else, such as think.  Romance is in the air, but not for you, so forget
	it.  That pimple on the end of your nose will get worse.


It did not occur to me that my being with two men continuously would
interest anyone or arouse anyone's misgivings. I asked for an invitation
for Heinrich too, as often as it seemed possible, when Paulus and I were
invited to a social gathering. I felt the set of rules others lived by
was irrelevant. My childhood attitude -- every attempt to adjust is
hopeless and you might just as well follow your own attitudes -- must have
carried me.
		-- Hannah Tillich, "From Time to Time"


	A program should be light and agile, its subroutines connected like a
strings of pearls.  The spirit and intent of the program should be retained
throughout.  There should be neither too little nor too much, neither needless
loops nor useless variables, neither lack of structure nor overwhelming
rigidity.
	A program should follow the "Law of Least Astonishment."  What is this
law?  It is simply that the program should always respond to the user in the
way that astonishes him least.
	A program, no matter how complex, should act as a single unit.  The
program should be directed by the logic within rather than by outward
appearances.
	If the program fails in these requirements, it will be in a state of
disorder and confusion.  The only way to correct this is to rewrite the
program.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Nice boy, but about as sharp as a sack of wet mice.
		-- Foghorn Leghorn


Finally, a reporter got a chance to interview Tarzan.

Reporter: Tarzan?  Is that your first or last name?
Tarzan:   Tarzan first name.
Reporter: Then, what's your whole name?
Tarzan:   Tarzan of the Apes.
Reporter: And who is the woman with you?
Tarzan:   That Jane.
Reporter: And what's Jane's whole name?
Tarzan:   Cunt.


If you lose your temper at a newspaper columnist,
he'll get rich or famous or both.


Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
		-- Mark Twain


The best audience is intelligent, well-educated and a little drunk.
		-- Maurice Baring


The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it.
		-- Oscar Wilde


A continuing flow of paper is sufficient to continue the flow of paper.
		-- Dyer


The rules:

1:  Thou shalt not worship other computer systems.
2:  Thou shalt not impersonate Liberace or eat watermelon while sitting at
	the console keyboard.
3:  Thou shalt not slap users on the face, nor staple their silly little
	card decks together.
4:  Thou shalt not get physically involved with the computer system,
	especially if you're already married.
5:  Thou shalt not use magnetic tapes as Frisbees, nor use a disk pack as
	a stool to reach another disk pack.
6:  Thou shalt not stare at the blinking lights for more than one 8 hour
	shift.
7:  Thou shalt not tell users that you accidentally destroyed their
	files/backup just to see the look on their little faces.
8:  Thou shalt not enjoy canceling a job.
9:  Thou shalt not display firearms in the computer room.
10: Thou shalt not push buttons "just to see what happens".


A [golf] ball hitting a tree shall be deemed not to have hit the tree.
Hitting a tree is simply bad luck and has no place in a scientific game.
The player should estimate the distance the ball would have traveled if it
had not hit the tree and play the ball from there, preferably atop a nice
firm tuft of grass.
		-- Donald A. Metz


At first, I just did it on weekends.  With a few friends, you know...
We never wanted to hurt anyone.  The girls loved it.  We'd all sit
around the computer and do a little UNIX.  It was just a kick.  At
least that's what we thought.  Then it got worse.

It got so I'd have to do some UNIX during the weekdays.  After a
while, I couldn't even wake up in the morning without having that
crave to go do UNIX.  Then it started affecting my job.  I would just
have to do it during my break.  Maybe a `grep' or two, maybe a little
`more'.  I eventually started doing UNIX just to get through the day.
Of course, it screwed up my mind so much that I couldn't even
function as a normal person.

I'm lucky today, I've overcome my UNIX problem.  It wasn't easy.  If
you're smart, just don't start.  Remember, if any weirdo offers you
some UNIX,

	Just Say No!


TRANSFER:
	A promotion you receive on the condition that you leave town.


When man calls an animal "vicious", he usually means that it
will attempt to defend itself when he tries to kill it.


Spence's Admonition:
	Never stow away on a kamikaze plane.


No matter how celebrated the beauty of a woman, I would never spend a night
with her.  The only celebrity with whom I would share a night is Max Planck.
But he is dead.  So I live like a monk, aside from a little self gratification
in the afternoons.
		-- Salvador Dali


You don't have to explain something you never said.
		-- Calvin Coolidge


Dental health is next to mental health.


I owe the public nothing.
		-- J. P. Morgan


All who joy would win Must share it --
Happiness was born a twin.
		-- Lord Byron


And now for something completely the same.


Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.


Q:	What do you get when you cross James Dean with Ronald Reagan?
A:	A rebel without a clue.


Money and women are the most sought after and the least known of any two
things we have.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


Put no trust in cryptic comments.


A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
Therefore, a man without a woman is like a bicycle without a fish.


This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and
intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to which they
are addressed. If you are not the intended recipient of this
transmission, please delete it immediately.

Obviously, I am the idiot who sent it to you by mistake. Furthermore,
there is no way I can force you to delete it. Worse, by the time you
have reached this disclaimer you have already read the document.
Telling you to forget it would seem absurd. In any event, I have no
legal right to force you to take any action upon this email anyway.

This entire disclaimer is just a waste of everyone's time and
bandwidth. Therefore, let us just forget the whole thing and enjoy a
cold beer instead.
 		-- found on the dovecot mailinglist


Psychiatrists say that one out of four people are mentally ill.
Check three friends.  If they're okay, you're it.


Even moderation ought not to be practiced to excess.


All of the people in my building are insane.  The guy above me designs
synthetic hairballs for ceramic cats.  The lady across the hall tried to
rob a department store... with a pricing gun...  She said, "Give me all
of the money in the vault, or I'm marking down everything in the store."
		-- Steven Wright


Oh, I could while away the hours,
Smoking herbs and flowers,
Shooting up my veins,
	De-dum, De-dum, De-dum
Tell you, I've been a-thinkin'
I could drive a shiny Lincoln,
If I dealt in good cocaine.
		-- To "If I Only Had A Brain" from "The Wizard of Oz"


Last night the power went out.  Good thing my camera had a flash....
The neighbors thought it was lightning in my house, so they called the cops.
		-- Steven Wright


When the leaders speak of peace
The common folk know
That war is coming
When the leaders curse war
The mobilization order is already written out.

Every day, to earn my daily bread
I go to the market where lies are bought
Hopefully
I take my place among the sellers.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "Hollywood"


If you're constantly being mistreated,
you're cooperating with the treatment.


Life is a biochemical reaction to the stimulus of the surrounding
environment in a stable ecosphere, while a bowl of cherries is a
round container filled with little red fruits on sticks.


Any time things appear to be going better, you have overlooked
something.


Konrad Lorenz, the great animal behaviorist, was scrupulous about cultivating
fruitful confusion.  Lorenz lived among his research subjects:  dozens of
species of mammals, birds, reptiles, and fishes.  He did not quantify, control,
or consciously experiment.  He got to know each creature individually, then
threw them together, watching for the unexpected, the unusual, or the bizarre
in the chaos that followed.  For example, his interest in one of ethology's
most important concepts, that of intention movements (motions with meaning,
such as the head bobbing in birds that serves as an alarm signal before
flight), derived from an inadvertent experiment.  He had trained a free-flying
raven to eat raw meat from his hand and had been feeding the bird for several
hours one day.  He would reach into his pants pocket and take out a piece of
meat, and the raven would swoop down to grab it in its bill.  By and by, Lorenz
went to relieve himself near a hedge.  When the raven saw him put his hand
into his pants and pull out another morsel of meat, it swooped down, hungrily
grasping the new mouthful in its bill.  Lorenz howled in pain.  But the event
left a deep impression on him -- about how faithfully animals respond to
intention movements, that is.
		-- The Sciences, May/June, 1988, N.Y. Academy of Science


Many years ago in a period commonly known as Next Friday Afternoon,
there lived a King who was very Gloomy on Tuesday mornings because he
was so Sad thinking about how Unhappy he had been on Monday and how
completely Mournful he would be on Wednesday ...
		-- Walt Kelly


Sex is like a bridge game.
If you have a good hand no partner is needed.


QOTD:
	"I haven't come far enough, and don't call me baby."


Gynecologist, n.:
	Someone who spends their time spreading old wives' tails.


Yeah, I used to be into necrophilia, bestiality and sadism, but then I
realized I was just flogging a dead horse.


The truth of a thing is the feel of it, not the think of it.
		-- Stanley Kubrick


Audiophile, n.:
	Someone who listens to the equipment instead of the music.


He:	Do you like Kipling?
She:	Oh, you naughty boy, I don't know!  I've never kippled!


He gave her a look that you could have poured on a waffle.


May those that love us love us; and those that don't love us, may
God turn their hearts; and if he doesn't turn their hearts, may
he turn their ankles so we'll know them by their limping.


In order to dial out, it is necessary to broaden one's dimension.


Q:	How many DEC repairmen does it take to fix a flat?
A:	Five; four to hold the car up and one to swap tires.

Q:	How long does it take?
A:	It's indeterminate.
	It will depend upon how many flats they've brought with them.

Q:	What happens if you've got TWO flats?
A:	They replace your generator.


Make headway at work.  Continue to let things deteriorate at home.


ASCII a stupid question, you get an EBCDIC answer.


A young woman was afflicted with three brothers who had a friendly competition
as to who was the best practical joker.  When she announced her marriage,
like all good brothers, they immediately found out where the honeymoon would
be and repaired there to do their worst, er, best.  The brother who was a
carpenter went first, and came back out in five minutes.  The brother who
worked as a plumber went second and was out in about half an hour.  Finally,
the brother employed as a dentist went inside and came out almost immediately.
A few days after the start of their sister's honeymoon the brothers each
received a telegram from their sister.  It read:

	I liked the couch falling apart when we sat on it.  I was amused
	when the shower went cold five minutes after it started.  But I'm
	going to kill whoever put the novocaine into the KY jelly...


To criticize the incompetent is easy;
it is more difficult to criticize the competent.


Smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics.
		-- Fletcher Knebel


If you wants to get elected president, you'se got to think up some
memoraboble homily so's school kids can be pestered into memorizin' it,
even if they don't know what it means.
		-- Walt Kelly, "The Pogo Party"


... Now you're ready for the actual shopping.  Your goal should be to
get it over with as quickly as possible, because the longer you stay in
the mall, the longer your children will have to listen to holiday songs
on the mall public-address system, and many of these songs can damage
children emotionally.  For example: "Frosty the Snowman" is about a
snowman who befriends some children, plays with them until they learn
to love him, then melts.  And "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer" is about
a young reindeer who, because of a physical deformity, is treated as an
outcast by the other reindeer.  Then along comes good, old Santa.  Does
he ignore the deformity?  Does he look past Rudolph's nose and respect
Rudolph for the sensitive reindeer he is underneath?  No.  Santa asks
Rudolph to guide his sleigh, as if Rudolph were nothing more than some
kind of headlight with legs and a tail.  So unless you want your
children exposed to this kind of insensitivity, you should shop
quickly.
		-- Dave Barry, "Christmas Shopping: A Survivor's Guide"


When you're away, I'm restless, lonely
Wretched, bored, dejected, only
Here's the rub, my darling dear,
I feel the same when you are near.
		-- Samuel Hoffenstein, "Poems in Praise of Practically Nothing"


Chess tonight.


I have just enough white in me to make my honesty questionable.
		-- Will Rogers


Ninety-Ninety Rule of Project Schedules:
	The first ninety percent of the task takes ninety percent of
	the time, and the last ten percent takes the other ninety percent.


The most exquisite peak in culinary art is conquered when you do right by a
ham, for a ham, in the very nature of the process it has undergone since last
it walked on its own feet, combines in its flavor the tang of smoky autumnal
woods, the maternal softness of earthy fields delivered of their crop children,
the wineyness of a late sun, the intimate kiss of fertilizing rain, and the
bite of fire.  You must slice it thin, almost as thin as this page you hold
in your hands.  The making of a ham dinner, like the making of a gentleman,
starts a long, long time before the event.
		-- W. B. Courtney, "Reflections of Maryland Country Ham",
		   from "Congress Eate It Up"


We prefer to speak evil of ourselves
rather than not speak of ourselves at all.


Lick-a-dee-clit!


Hackers have kernel knowledge.


Computer Science is the only discipline in which we view
adding a new wing to a building as being maintenance
		-- Jim Horning


There is no education that is not political.  An apolitical
education is also political because it is purposely isolating.


Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time.
		-- Steven Wright


A gentleman never strikes a lady with his hat on.
		-- Fred Allen


LIFE:
	Learning about people the hard way -- by being one.


A wise person makes his own decisions, a weak one obeys public opinion.
		-- Chinese proverb


FORTUNE PRESENTS FAMOUS LAST WORDS:	#4

Socrates:		I DRANK WHAT!?!?
Tarzan:			Who greased the grape viiiiiiiiiiiinnnneee........
Al Capone:		There's a violin in my violin case!
Pilot, TWA Fl. #343:	What's a mountain goat doing 'way up here?


I have to think hard to name an interesting man who does not drink.
		-- Richard Burton


Pocket pool, n.:
	Well, for guys, it's two-ball in the side pocket.
	For women, it's playing the slots.


All the world's a VAX,
And all the coders merely butchers;
They have their exits and their entrails;
And one int in his time plays many widths,
His sizeof being _N bytes.  At first the infant,
Mewling and puking in the Regent's arms.
And then the whining schoolboy, with his Sun,
And shining morning face, creeping like slug
Unwillingly to school.
		-- A Very Annoyed PDP-11


O.K., fine.


At about 2500 A.D., humankind discovers a computer problem that *must* be
solved.  The only difficulty is that the problem is NP complete and will
take thousands of years even with the latest optical biologic technology
available.  The best computer scientists sit down to think up some solution.
In great dismay, one of the C.S. people tells her husband about it.  There
is only one solution, he says.  Remember physics 103, Modern Physics, general
relativity and all.  She replies, "What does that have to do with solving
a computer problem?"
	"Remember the twin paradox?"
	After a few minutes, she says, "I could put the computer on a very
fast machine and the computer would have just a few minutes to calculate but
that is the exact opposite of what we want... Of course!  Leave the
computer here, and accelerate the earth!"
	The problem was so important that they did exactly that.  When
the earth came back, they were presented with the answer:

	IEH032 Error in JOB Control Card.


People respond to people who respond.


What soon grows old?  Gratitude.
		-- Aristotle


When there are two conflicting versions of the story, the wise course
is to believe the one in which people appear at their worst.
		-- H. Allen Smith, "Let the Crabgrass Grow"


We don't really understand it, so we'll give it to the programmers.


To be happy one must be a) well fed, unhounded by sordid cares, at ease in
Zion, b) full of a comfortable feeling of superiority to the masses of one's
fellow men, and c) delicately and unceasingly amused according to one's taste.
It is my contention that, if this definition be accepted, there is no country
in the world wherein a man constituted as I am -- a man of my peculiar
weaknesses, vanities, appetites, and aversions -- can be so happy as he can
be in the United States.  Going further, I lay down the doctrine that it is
a sheer physical impossibility for such a man to live in the United States
and not be happy.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "On Being An American"


Operators mount anything!


Have at you!


Consider a spherical bear, in simple harmonic motion...
		-- Professor in the UCB physics department


Oh, Aunty Em, it's so good to be home!


A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS:

7. PAY YOUR MEDICAL BILLS PROMPTLY AND WILLINGLY.
	You should consider it a privilege to contribute, however modestly,
	to the well-being of physicians and other humanitarians.

8. DO NOT SUFFER FROM AILMENTS THAT YOU CANNOT AFFORD.
	It is sheer arrogance to contract illnesses that are beyond your means.

9. NEVER REVEAL ANY OF THE SHORTCOMINGS THAT HAVE COME TO LIGHT IN THE COURSE
   OF TREATMENT BY YOUR DOCTOR.
	The patient-doctor relationship is a privileged one, and you have a
	sacred duty to protect him from exposure.

10. NEVER DIE WHILE IN YOUR DOCTOR'S PRESENCE OR UNDER HIS DIRECT CARE.
	This will only cause him needless inconvenience and embarrassment.


In a five year period we can get one superb programming language.
Only we can't control when the five year period will begin.


Q:	How many journalists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	Three.  One to report it as an inspired government program to bring
	light to the people, one to report it as a diabolical government plot
	to deprive the poor of darkness, and one to win a Pulitzer prize for
	reporting that Electric Company hired a lightbulb-assassin to break
	the bulb in the first place.


An atheist is a man with no invisible means of support.


Confidence is simply that quiet, assured feeling you have before you
fall flat on your face.
		-- Dr. L. Binder


I myself have dreamed up a structure intermediate between Dyson spheres
and planets.  Build a ring 93 million miles in radius -- one Earth orbit
-- around the sun.  If we have the mass of Jupiter to work with, and if
we make it a thousand miles wide, we get a thickness of about a thousand
feet for the base.

And it has advantages.  The Ringworld will be much sturdier than a Dyson
sphere.  We can spin it on its axis for gravity.  A rotation speed of 770
m/s will give us a gravity of one Earth normal.  We wouldn't even need to
roof it over.  Place walls one thousand miles high at each edge, facing the
sun.  Very little air will leak over the edges.

Lord knows the thing is roomy enough.  With three million times the surface
area of the Earth, it will be some time before anyone complains of the
crowding.
		-- Larry Niven, "Ringworld"


It has long been an article of our folklore that too much knowledge or skill,
or especially consummate expertise, is a bad thing.  It dehumanizes those who
achieve it, and makes difficult their commerce with just plain folks, in whom
good old common sense has not been obliterated by mere book learning or fancy
notions.  This popular delusion flourishes now more than ever, for we are all
infected with it in the schools, where educationists have elevated it from
folklore to Article of Belief.  It enhances their self-esteem and lightens
their labors by providing theoretical justification for deciding that
appreciation, or even simple awareness, is more to be prized than knowledge,
and relating (to self and others), more than skill, in which minimum
competence will be quite enough.
		-- The Underground Grammarian


Moebius strippers never show you their back side.


He does it with a better grace, but I do it more natural.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Twelfth-Night"


Theorem: All programs are dull.

Proof: Assume the contrary; i.e., the set of interesting programs is
nonempty.  Arrange them (or it) in order of interest (note that all
sets can be well ordered, so do it properly).  The minimal element is
the "least interesting program", the obvious dullness of which provides
the contradictory denouement we so devoutly seek.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


You will gain money by a speculation or lottery.


				FROM THE DESK OF
				Snow White

Dear Snow White:

	Thanks for last night.

		Sleepy, Doc, Grumpy, Sneezy, Happy, Dopey, Bashful


Some people cause happiness wherever
they go; others, whenever they go.


INTOXICATED:
	When you feel sophisticated without being able to pronounce it.


Diet Mountain Dew has the same pH and density of urine.
		-- Newsweek, 31 July, 1989


Call things by their right names...  Glass of brandy and water!  That is the
current but not the appropriate name: ask for a glass of fire and distilled
damnation.
		-- Robert Hall, in Olinthus Gregory's, "Brief Memoir of the
		   Life of Hall"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to logical names.]


Dear Emily, what about test messages?
		-- Concerned

Dear Concerned:
	It is important, when testing, to test the entire net.  Never test
merely a subnet distribution when the whole net can be done.  Also put "please
ignore" on your test messages, since we all know that everybody always skips
a message with a line like that.  Don't use a subject like "My sex is female
but I demand to be addressed as male." because such articles are read in depth
by all USEnauts.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette


It's not an optical illusion, it just looks like one.
		-- Phil White


Is that a pistol in your pocket or are you just glad to see me?
		-- Mae West


Men's skin is different from women's skin.  It is usually bigger, and it
has more snakes tattooed on it.  Also, if you examine a woman's skin very
closely, inch by inch, starting at her shapely ankles, then gently tracing
the slender curve of her calves, then moving up to her ...

	[EDITOR'S NOTE: To make room for news articles about important
	 world events such as agriculture, we're going to delete the
	 next few square feet of the woman's skin.  Thank you.]

... until finally the two of you are lying there, spent, smoking your
cigarettes, and suddenly it hits you: Human skin is actually made up of
billions of tiny units of protoplasm, called "cells"!  And what is even more
interesting, the ones on the outside are all dying!  This is a fact.  Your
skin is like an aggressive modern corporation, where the older veteran cells,
who have finally worked their way to the top and obtained offices with nice
views, are constantly being shoved out the window head first, without so
much as a pension plan, by younger hotshot cells moving up from below.
		-- Dave Barry


Why would anyone want to be called "Later"?


Once upon a time there was a little girl named Little Red Riding Hood.  One
fine morning she decided to visit her Grandmother, so she put a freshly baked
cake and a .357 magnum into her basket and set off through the forest.  When
she got there, what should she find but a big black wolf in the bed, who
jumped up, grabbed her and snarled, "I'm going to fuck you until the sun goes
down."
	So Little Red Riding Hood whipped out the .357 and said, "Oh, no,
you're not!  You're going to eat me just like the story says!"


It is by the fortune of God that, in this country, we have three benefits:
freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either.
		-- Mark Twain


	It is a period of system war.  User programs, striking from a hidden
directory, have won their first victory against the evil Administrative Empire.
During the battle, User spies managed to steal secret source code to the
Empire's ultimate program: the Are-Em Star, a privileged root program with
enough power to destroy an entire file structure.  Pursued by the Empire's
sinister audit trail, Princess _LPA0 races ~ aboard her shell script,
custodian of the stolen listings that could save her people, and restore
freedom and games to the network...
		-- DECWARS


What is this line of duty, and suffering?  You are not supposed to suffer
if you are an assassin.  The other person is supposed to suffer.
		-- Chiun, glory of the name of Sinanju, teacher of the youth
		   from outside Sinanju named Remo.


In an orderly world, there's always a place for the disorderly.


QOTD:
	"I drive my car quietly, for it goes without saying."


Don't let go of what you've got hold of,
until you have hold of something else.
		-- First Rule of Wing Walking


The nervous young bride became irritated by her husband's lusty advances on
their wedding night and reprimanded him severely.
	"I demand proper manners in bed," she declared, "just as I do at
the dinner table."
	Amused by his wife's formality, the groom smoothed his rumpled hair
and climbed quietly between the sheets.  "Is that better?" he asked, with a
hint of a smile.
	"Yes," replied the girl, "much better."
	"Very good, darling," the husband whispered.  "Now would you
be so kind as to please pass the pussy?"


Self-abuse is the most certain road to the grave.
		-- Dr. George M. Calhoun (1855)


If I made peace with Russia today, I'd only attack her again tomorrow.  I
just couldn't help myself.
		-- Adolf Hitler


I GUESS WE WERE ALL GUILTY, in a way.  We shot him, we skinned him, and
we all got a complimentary bumper sticker that said, "I helped skin Bob."
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


We don't have to protect the environment -- the Second Coming is at hand.
		-- James Watt, noted theologian


Glogg (a traditional Scandinavian holiday drink):
	fifth of dry red wine
	fifth of Aquavit
	1 and 1/2 inch piece of cinnamon
	10 cardamom seeds
	1 cup raisins
	4 dried figs
	1 cup blanched or flaked almonds
	a few pieces of dried orange peel
	5 cloves
	1/2 lb. sugar cubes
	Heat up the wine and hard stuff (which may be substituted with wine
for the faint of heart) in a big pot after adding all the other stuff EXCEPT
the sugar cubes.  Just when it reaches boiling, put the sugar in a wire
strainer, moisten it in the hot brew, lift it out and ignite it with a match.
Dip the sugar several times in the liquid until it is all dissolved.  Serve
hot in cups with a few raisins and almonds in each cup.
	N.B. Aquavit may be hard to find and expensive to boot.  Use it only
if you really have a deep-seated desire to be fussy, or if you are of Swedish
extraction.


The more I see of men the more I admire dogs.
		-- Mme De Sevigne (1626-1696)


Don't despair; your ideal lover is waiting for you around the corner.


Equal bytes for women.


Be incomprehensible.  If they can't understand, they can't disagree.


If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it.
		-- W. C. Fields

[Also attributed to Roy Mengot.  Ed.]


You are in the hall of the mountain king.


For those of you how have been looking for evidence that a working
version of "Star Wars" can be built, consider the following proof
offered by Caspar Weinberger:

	"If such a system is so unattainable, why have the Soviets been
	working desperately to get it for over 17 years?"

		-- USA Today, 24 June 1986


It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary
depends upon his not understanding it.
		-- Upton Sinclair


