	"Reintegration complete," ZORAC advised.  "We're back in the
universe again..."  An unusually long pause followed, "...but I don't
know which part.  We seem to have changed our position in space."  A
spherical display in the middle of the floor illuminated to show the
starfield surrounding the ship.
	"Several large, artificial constructions are approaching us,"
ZORAC announced after a short pause.  "The designs are not familiar, but
they are obviously the products of intelligence.  Implications: we have
been intercepted deliberately by a means unknown, for a purpose unknown,
and transferred to a place unknown by a form of intelligence unknown.
Apart from the unknowns, everything is obvious."
		-- James P. Hogan, "Giants Star"


This is a country where people are free to practice their religion,
regardless of race, creed, color, obesity, or number of dangling keys...


A young man walks into a bus station, and goes into the men's room to relieve
himself.  When he steps in he sees a leprechaun with the most enormous penis
he has ever seen.  As he urinates, he cannot avoid spying on the giant member
of the tiny man dressed in green.  The leprechaun zips up and the man asks him
if he is indeed a real leprechaun.
	The little man says, "Aye, me laddie, I'm a leprechaun, and I can
grant you three wishes."
	"Oh, wow!" comes the reply, "What do I need to do?"
	"Well, havin' such a large cock makes it a bit awkward with the
ladies, the thing not fittin' and all...  I'll grant you your three wishes
if you wouldn't mind suckin' me dick 'til I come."  The man is a bit taken
aback, but agrees, realizing that the three wishes will be priceless.  After
the tiny fellow has come, he starts to walk away.
	The man exclaims, "Hey, what about my three wishes?"
	Replies the leprechaun, "How old are you, me boy?"
	"25."
	"Aren't you a wee bit old to be believin' in leprechauns?"


Maslow's Maxim:
	If the only tool you have is a hammer,
	you treat everything like a nail.


Three Rings for the Elven-kings under the sky,
Seven for the Dwarf-lords in their halls of stone,
Nine for Mortal Men doomed to die,
One for the Dark Lord on his dark throne
In the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie.
One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them,
One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them
In the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien, "The Lord of the Rings"


Nuke the unborn gay female whales for Jesus.


Fine day to work off excess energy.  Steal something heavy.


We don't have to protect the environment -- the Second Coming is at
hand.
		-- James Watt


When you're in command, command.
		-- Admiral Nimitz


... Logically incoherent, semantically incomprehensible, and
legally ... impeccable!


If the future isn't what it used to be, does that
mean that the past is subject to change in times to come?


Q:	What do WASPs do instead of making love?
A:	Rule the country.


Cried Miss Pratt: "What are you staring at?
I know - you don't have to say that!
	All you guys want of me
	Is a poke where I pee,
And it's pounding my ass mighty flat!"


For a young man, not yet: for an old man, never at all.
		-- Diogenes, asked when a man should marry

When should a man marry?  A young man, not yet; an elder man, not at all.
		-- Sir Francis Bacon, "Of Marriage and Single Life"


I just got off the phone with Sonny Barger [President of the Hell's Angels].
He wants me to appear as a character witness for him at his murder trial
and said he'd be glad to appear as a character witness on my behalf if I
ever needed one.  Needless to say, I readily agreed.
		-- Thomas King Forcade, publisher of "High Times"


You have just returned from a trip to Green Bay, Wisconsin in January
and tell your boss that nobody but whores and football players live
there.  He mentions that his wife is from Green Bay.  You:

(a) Pretend you are suffering from amnesia and don't remember your
    name.

(b) Ask what position she played.

(c) Ask if she is still working the streets.


Work like hell, tell everyone everything you know, close a deal with
a handshake, and have fun.
		-- Harold "Doc" Edgerton, summing up his life's philosophy,
		   shortly before dying at the age of 86.


Revolution, n.:
	In politics, an abrupt change in the form of misgovernment.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.


Hear about...
	the careless contortionist who accidentally swallowed his pride?


Our [softball] team usually puts the other woman at second base, where
the maximum possible number of males can get there on short notice to
help out in case of emergency.  As far as I can tell, our second
basewoman is a pretty good baseball player, better than I am, anyway,
but there's no way to know for sure because if the ball gets anywhere
near her, a male comes barging over from, say, right field, to deal
with it.  She's been on the team for three seasons now, but the males
still don't trust her.  They know, deep in their souls, that if she had
to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she
probably would elect to save the infant's life, without ever
considering whether there were men on base.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sports is a Drag"


Q:	Why did the tachyon cross the road?
A:	Because it was on the other side.


Government's Law:
	There is an exception to all laws.


All I kin say is when you finds yo'self wanderin' in a peach orchard,
ya don't go lookin' for rutabagas.
		-- Kingfish


There are also a lot of nice buildings in Haiphong.  What their
contributions are to the war effort I don't know, but the desire to
bomb a virgin building is terrific.
		-- Commander Henry Urban, Jr.


Tomorrow, this will be part of the unchangeable past
but fortunately, it can still be changed today.


Q:	What is the difference between a duck?
A:	One leg is both the same.


She can kill all your files;
She can freeze with a frown.
And a wave of her hand brings the whole system down.
And she works on her code until ten after three.
She lives like a bat but she's always a hacker to me.
		-- Apologies to Billy Joel


Real computer scientists only write specs for languages that might run on
future hardware.  Nobody trusts them to write specs for anything homo sapiens
will ever be able to fit on a single planet.


The Second Law of Thermodynamics:
	If you think things are in a mess now, just wait!
		-- Jim Warner


Gravity is an unforgiving motherfucker.


Try to be the best of whatever you are, even if what you are is no good.


Bucy's Law:
	Nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man.


Love is sentimental measles.


They're just jealous because they don't have three
wise men and a virgin in the whole organization.
		-- Mayor Vincent J. "Buddy" Cianci, on the
		   ACLU's suit to have a city nativity scene removed.


Have you ever tried to tickle yourself?  Everybody has some wacko aunt or
uncle that can just point at you and have you rolling with laughter.  But
if you shove your fist in your underarm for a week and a half you won't
laugh.  Somehow your underarm just knows that it's *your* fist.  Thank God
other parts of our bodies are dumber.


My soul is crushed, my spirit sore
I do not like me anymore,
I cavil, quarrel, grumble, grouse,
I ponder on the narrow house
I shudder at the thought of men
I'm due to fall in love again.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Enough Rope"


YOUR FOAMY FUTURE
	by Miss Fortune

ARIES (March 21 - April 19)
	Matters are not good, where your health is concerned.  This Fall, be
sure to "walk groundly, talk profoundly, drink roundly, and sleep soundly"
and you will live all the days of your life.

TAURUS (April 20 - May 20)
	You spent a fortune on beer this past summer and now find yourself
in a deep depression because you can't afford even one of your favorite
brewskis.  Don't fret too much, Taurus.  To get back on your feet simply
miss two car payments.

GEMINI (May 21 - June 21)
	You think you're falling in love with a person who has a lot in
common with yourself.  You both prefer ales, you've both tried your hand
at homebrewing, and you both want to visit every new brewpub that opens.
Sounds impressive but remember you really don't know your partner until
you meet in court.


Alcohol is like love: the first kiss is magic, the second is intimate,
the third is routine.  After that you just take the girl's clothes off.
		-- Raymond Chandler


Nature and nature's laws lay hid in night,
God said, "Let Newton be," and all was light.

It did not last; the devil howling "Ho!
Let Einstein be!" restored the status quo.


The best diplomat I know is a fully activated phaser bank.
		-- Scotty


You have a strong desire for a home
and your family interests come first.


By long-standing tradition, I take this opportunity to savage other
designers in the thin disguise of good, clean fun.
		-- P. J. Plauger, "Computer Language", 1988, April
		   Fool's column.


Wok, n.:
	Something to thwow at a wabbit.


But, officer, he's not drunk, I just saw his fingers twitch!


If you think the pen is mightier than the sword, the next time
someone pulls out a sword I'd like to see you get up there with
your Bic.


It's hard to keep your shirt on when
you're getting something off your chest.


I see a bad moon rising.
I see trouble on the way.
I see earthquakes and lightnin'
I see bad times today.
Don't go 'round tonight,
It's bound to take your life.
There's a bad moon on the rise.
		-- J. C. Fogerty, "Bad Moon Rising"


It is not wise to make love more than once in the morning.
You never know who you'll meet later in the day.


The most recent attempt to revive the moribund campus left, a national
conference held at Rutgers University February 5-7, ended when the
participants decided that they were too racist to found a new national
organization.
	The stated goal of the conference was the formation of a national
organization that would "give expression to a shared consciousness."  The
orientation materials declared that this was "a historic moment" -- you
know, like Port Huron and the Sixties -- and the Rutgers host committee had
every reason to expect their goal would be accomplished.
	But it was not to be.  Given that this was a conference of *New*
New Leftists, reason had nothing to do with it.
	A revealing article by Vania del Borgo and Maria Margaronis in "The
Nation", ["Beyond the Fragments," 3/26/88] says "The defining moment of the
weekend came when the conference was almost at its end.  On Sunday morning,
a twenty-five-member students of color caucus confronted the assembled body
with its overwhelming whiteness..."  Joined by the Gay & Bisexual Caucus, the
Students of Color Caucus declared that the founding of such an overwhelmingly
white organization would itself constitute a racist act.  The four hundred or
so leftist activists were told that they had no right to ratify a constitution
or elect any officers.  While recognizing "the need to examine the real
possibilities of a broad-based, racially diverse student movement" and paying
lip service to the need for "dialogue," they threatened to walk out if their
demands were not met.  As *The Nation* article describes the scene:  "To their
astonishment, their intervention was greeted with a standing ovation." Handed
an ultimatum which demanded that they disband, this would-be successor to the
radical student movements of the Sixties promptly voted itself out of
existence.  As del Borgo and Margaronis put it, "After much chaotic discussion
and a confused voice vote, the convention suspended all its other work and
broke into regional groups to discuss `outreach.'"
		-- Libertarian Agenda, May 1988


You'd best be snoozin', 'cause you don't
be gettin' no work done at 5 a.m. anyway.
		-- From the wall of the Wurster Hall stairwell


One Saturday afternoon, during the campaign to decide whether or not
there should be a Coastal Commission, I took a helicopter ride from Los
Angeles to San Diego.  We passed several state beaches, some crowded
and some virtually empty.  They had the same facilities, and in some
cases the crowded and the empty beach were within a quarter mile of
each other.  Obviously many beach-goers prefer to be crowded together.
Buying more beaches that people won't go to because they prefer to be
crowded together on one beach is a ridiculous waste of our natural
resources and our taxes.
		-- Ronald Reagan


The only thing cheaper than hardware is talk.


Simulated fortune:

	The head and in frontal attack on an english writer that the
	character of this point is therefore another method for the
	letters that the time of who ever told the problem for an
	unexpected.

		-- by Claude E. Shannon


They're just jealous because they don't have three
wise men and a virgin in the whole organization.
		-- Mayor Vincent J. "Buddy" Cianci, on the
		   ACLU's suit to have a city nativity scene removed.


Love makes the world go 'round, with a little help from intrinsic angular
momentum.


The bedsprings next door jounce and creak:
They have kept me awake for a week.
	Why do newlyweds
	Select squeaky beds
To develop their fucking technique?


He who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish last.


When one burns one's bridges, what a very nice fire it makes.
		-- Dylan Thomas


The three rules of international air travel:

(1)	Never fly on Aeroflot if you can possibly avoid it (this used
	to be Braniff or Aeroflot).
(2)	Never bet a whole lot of money on two little pairs unless you
	know *exactly* what you're doing.
(3)	Never sleep with anyone whose troubles are worse than your own.


The Great Movie Posters:

The nightmare terror of the slithering eye that unleashed agonizing
horror on a screaming world!
		-- The Crawling Eye (1958)

SEE a female colossus... her mountainous torso, skyscraper limbs,
giant desires!
		-- Attack of the Fifty-Foot Woman (1958)

Here Is Your Chance To Know More About Sex.
What Should a Movie Do?  Hide It's Head in the Sand Like an Ostrich?
Or Face the JOLTING TRUTH as does...
		-- The Desperate Women (1958)


Let the people think they govern and they will be governed.
		-- William Penn, founder of Pennsylvania


Some men rob you with a six-gun -- others with a fountain pen.
		-- Woodie Guthrie


Elephant, n.:
	A mouse built to government specifications.


Publishing a volume of verse is like dropping
a rose petal down the Grand Canyon and waiting for the echo.


Cut a man's hand when you fight him.  He'll freeze, fascinated by the sight
of his own blood.  That's when you stick him in the throat.
		-- Gerry Youghkins

If you look rather casual with the knife when you flick it open, people
don't like it.
		-- Gerry Youghkins


The way some people find fault, you'd think there was some kind of reward.


Es giebt ein Arbeiter von Tinz,
Er schlaft mit ein Madel von Linz.
	Sie sagt, "Halt sein' plummen,
	Ich hore Mann kommen."
"Jacht, jacht," sagt der Plummer, "Ich binz."


Diplomacy is about surviving until the next century.
Politics is about surviving until Friday afternoon.
		-- Sir Humphrey Appleby


In California they don't throw their garbage away -- they make
it into television shows.
		-- Woody Allen, "Annie Hall"


Impotent loser, n.:
	Someone who can't even get his hopes up.


Gumperson's Law:
	The probability of a given event
	occurring is inversely proportional to its desirability.


You are lost in the Swamps of Despair.


The National Short-Sleeved Shirt Association says:
	Support your right to bare arms!


One planet is all you get.


Avoid cliches like the plague.
They're a dime a dozen.


Abstract:
	This study examined the incidence of neckwear tightness among a group
of 94 white-collar working men and the effect of a tight business-shirt collar
and tie on the visual performance of 22 male subjects.  Of the white-collar
men measured, 67% were found to be wearing neckwear that was tighter than
their neck circumference.  The visual discrimination of the 22 subjects was
evaluated using a critical flicker frequency (CFF) test.  Results of the CFF
test indicated that tight neckwear significantly decreased the visual
performance of the subjects and that visual performance did not improve
immediately when tight neckwear was removed.
		-- Langan, L. M. and Watkins, S. M. "Pressure of Menswear on the
		   Neck in Relation to Visual Performance."  Human Factors 29,
		   #1 (Feb. 1987), pp. 67-71.


No small art is it to sleep: it is necessary
for that purpose to keep awake all day.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


One of my favorite jokes, a telling commentary on Jewish mothers' capacity
to lay on guilt, involves the mother who gave her son two neckties on Chanuka.
	"The boy hurried into his bedroom, ripped off the tie he was wearing,
put on one of the ties his mother had brought him, and hurried back.  "Look,
Mama! Isn't it gorgeous?"
	"Mama asked, 'What's the matter?  You don't like the other one?'"
		-- Leo Rosten, "Hooray For Yiddish"


The economy depends about as much on economists as the weather does on
weather forecasters.
		-- Jean-Paul Kauffmann


Thinking you know something is a sure way to blind yourself.
		-- Frank Herbert, "Chapterhouse: Dune"


When the shit hits the fan, keep your mouth shut!


QOTD:
	"I'd crawl a mile over burning desert sand just to kiss the dick of
	the guy who screwed her last."


Peace cannot be kept by force; it
can only be achieved by understanding.
		-- Albert Einstein


One difference between a man and a machine
is that a machine is quiet when well oiled.


I kissed my first girl and smoked my first cigarette on the same day.
I haven't had time for tobacco since.
		-- Arturo Toscanini


	Once upon a time, there was a fisherman who lived by a great river.
One day, after a hard day's fishing, he hooked what seemed to him to be the
biggest, strongest fish he had ever caught.  He fought with it for hours,
until, finally, he managed to bring it to the surface.  Looking of the edge
of the boat, he saw the head of this huge fish breaking the surface.  Smiling
with pride, he reached over the edge to pull the fish up.  Unfortunately, he
accidentally caught his watch on the edge, and, before he knew it, there was a
snap, and his watch tumbled into the water next to the fish with a loud
"sploosh!"  Distracted by this shiny object, the fish made a sudden lunge,
simultaneously snapping the line, and swallowing the watch.  Sadly, the
fisherman stared into the water, and then began the slow trip back home.
	Many years later, the fisherman, now an old man, was working in a
boring assembly-line job in a large city.  He worked in a fish-processing
plant.  It was his job, as each fish passed under his hands, to chop off their
heads, readying them for the next phase in processing.  This monotonous task
went on for years, the dull *thud* of the cleaver chopping of each head being
his entire world, day after day, week after weary week.  Well, one day, as he
was chopping fish, he happened to notice that the fish coming towards him on
the line looked very familiar.  Yes, yes, it looked... could it be the fish
he had lost on that day so many years ago?  He trembled with anticipation as
his cleaver came down.  IT STRUCK SOMETHING HARD!  IT WAS HIS THUMB!


Self-abuse is the most certain road to the grave.
		-- Dr. George M. Calhoun (1855)


Your domestic life may be harmonious.


It is better to be on penicillin, than never to have loved at all.


	"That's right; the upper-case shift works fine on the screen, but
they're not coming out on the damn printer...  Hold?  Sure, I'll hold."
		-- e. e. cummings last service call


The more you complain, the longer God lets you live.


There goes the good time that was had by all.
		-- Bette Davis, remarking on a passing starlet


Der Horizont vieler Menschen ist ein Kreis mit Radius Null -
und das nennen sie ihren Standpunkt.


I think that I shall never see
A billboard lovely as a tree.
Indeed, unless the billboards fall
I'll never see a tree at all.
		-- Ogden Nash


After the last of 16 mounting screws has been removed from an access
cover, it will be discovered that the wrong access cover has been removed.


One man tells a falsehood, a hundred repeat it as true.


Pile driver, n.:
	Local drink; two parts vodka, one part prune juice.


	A little dog goes into a saloon in the Wild West, and beckons to
the bartender.  "Hey, bartender, gimmie a whiskey."
	The bartender ignores him.
	"Hey bartender, gimmie a whiskey."
	Still ignored.
	"HEY BARMAN!!  GIMMIE A WHISKEY!!"
	The bartender takes out his six-shooter and shoots the dog in the
leg, and the dog runs out the saloon, howling in pain.
	Three years later, the wee dog appears again, wearing boots,
jeans, chaps, a Stetson, gun belt, and guns.  He ambles slowly into the
saloon, goes up to the bar, leans over it, and says to the bartender,
"I'm here t'git the man that shot muh paw."


Worrying is like rocking in a rocking chair--
It gives you something to do, but it doesn't get you anywhere.


Revenge is sleeping with your enemy's wife.
Sweet revenge is the realization that she's a lousy lay.


Wonder is the feeling of a philosopher,
and philosophy begins in wonder.
		Socrates, quoting Plato


The cost of living has just gone up another dollar a quart.
		-- W. C. Fields


Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend: and inside a dog,
it's too dark to read.
		-- Groucho Marx


If you fool around with something long
enough, it will eventually break.


Govern a great nation as you would cook a small fish.  Don't overdo it.
		-- Lao Tsu


An American businessman in London was given special visitor's privileges at an
exclusive men's club.  Striding in one afternoon, the American approached the
only other man in the lounge and tried to strike up a conversation.  "Care
for a cigar?" he asked.
	"No, thank you," the Englishman replied.  "I tried smoking once and
didn't like it."
	"Would you care to join me in the bar for a drink, then?" the
businessman asked.
	"No, thank you.  I tried drinking once and it didn't agree with me."
	"Well, how about a game of billiards?"
	"Sorry.  I tried it once and couldn't seem to get the hang of it."
	As the American started to turn away, the Englishman said, "But my
son will be here shortly, and I'm sure he would enjoy a game with you."
	"Your son?  An only child, I presume."


Illinois isn't exactly the land that God forgot:
it's more like the land He's trying to ignore.


You will have long and healthy life.


And tomorrow will be like today, only more so.
		-- Isaiah 56:12, New Standard Version


Many a man who thinks he's going on a maiden voyage with
a woman finds out later that it was just a shake-down cruise.


Piddle, twiddle, and resolve,
Not one damn thing do we solve.
		-- 1776


		The Three Major Kind of Tools

* Tools for hitting things to make them loose or to tighten them up or
  jar their many complex, sophisticated electrical parts in such a
  manner that they function perfectly.  (These are your hammers, maces,
  bludgeons, and truncheons.)

* Tools that, if dropped properly, can penetrate your foot.  (Awls)

* Tools that nobody should ever use because the potential danger is far
  greater than the value of any project that could possibly result.
  (Power saws, power drills, power staplers, any kind of tool that uses
  any kind of power more advanced than flashlight batteries.)
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Q:	How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	NONE!  AND THAT'S NOT FUNNY!!

Q:	How many Radcliffe girls does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	It's "Women"...  AND IT'S NOT FUNNY!!


State license plates we'd like to see:

	ALABAMA					ARIZONA
	IC1 NOW					120  F
THE UFO SIGHTING STATE			THE HEAT PROSTRATION STATE

	CONNECTICUT				MISSISSIPPI
	 5:36  EXP				  4I4S2PS
WHERE THE SMART NY WORK FORCE LIVES	THE MOST OFTEN MISSPELLED STATE

	TEXAS					FLORIDA
      1-2-3 HIKE				ZON KED
PLAY FOOTBALL OR DIE			AMERICA'S DRUG DEALER


Using words to describe magic is like using a screwdriver to cut roast beef.
		-- Tom Robbins


He that composes himself is wiser than he that composes a book.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Who took the MMMMMM out of MURINE?


Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.


The problem with any unwritten law is that
you don't know where to go to erase it.
		-- Glaser and Way


If graphics hackers are so smart,
why can't they get the bugs out of fresh paint?


Labia majora, n.:
	The curly gates.


My first basename is George "Catfish" Metkovich from our 1952 Pittsburgh
Pirates team, which lost 112 games.  After a terrible series against the
New York Giants, in which our center fielder made three throwing errors
and let two balls get through his legs, manager Billy Meyer pleaded, "Can
somebody think of something to help us win a game?"
	"I'd like to make a suggestion," Metkovich said.  "On any ball hit
to center field, let's just let it roll to see if it might go foul."
		-- Joe Garagiola, "It's Anybody's Ball Game"


TAKE FORCEFUL ACTION:
	Do something that should have been done a long time ago.


Keep a diary and one day it'll keep you.
		-- Mae West


... Logically incoherent, semantically incomprehensible, and
legally ... impeccable!


Lend money to a bad debtor and he will hate you.


Some of the most interesting documents from Sweden's middle ages are the
old county laws (well, we never had counties but it's the nearest equivalent
I can find for "landskap").  These laws were written down sometime in the
13th century, but date back even down into Viking times.  The oldest one is
the Vastgota law which clearly has pagan influences, thinly covered with some
Christian stuff.  In this law, we find a page about "lekare", which is the
Old Norse word for a performing artist, actor/jester/musician etc.  Here is
an approximate translation, where I have written "artist" as equivalent of
"lekare".
	"If an artist is beaten, none shall pay fines for it.  If an artist
	is wounded, one such who goes with hurdie-gurdie or travels with
	fiddle or drum, then the people shall take a wild heifer and bring
	it out on the hillside.  Then they shall shave off all hair from the
	heifer's tail, and grease the tail.  Then the artist shall be given
	newly greased shoes.  Then he shall take hold of the heifer's tail,
	and a man shall strike it with a sharp whip.  If he can hold her, he
	shall have the animal.  If he cannot hold her, he shall endure what
	he received, shame and wounds."


I tell ya, gambling never agreed with me.  Last week I went to the track
and they shot my horse with the opening gun.

Well, just last week I was at a Chinese restaurant and when I opened my
fortune cookie I found the guy's check sitting at the next table.  I said,
"Hey, buddy, I got your check", he said, "Thanks."
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


You must realize that the computer has it in for you.  The irrefutable
proof of this is that the computer always does what you tell it to do.


Onward through the fog.


The Moving Finger writes; and, having writ,
	Moves on: nor all they Piety nor Wit
Shall lure it back to cancel half a Line,
	Nor all thy Tears wash out a Word of it.


She's learned to say things with her eyes
that others waste time putting into words.


The best way to keep your friends is not to give them away.


In the Top 40, half the songs are secret messages to the teen world to drop
out, turn on, and groove with the chemicals and light shows at discotheques.
		-- Art Linkletter


There appears to be irrefutable evidence that
the mere fact of overcrowding induces violence.
		-- Harvey Wheeler


The last time I saw him he was walking down Lover's Lane holding his own
hand.
		-- Fred Allen


Many a man that can't direct you to a corner drugstore will
get a respectful hearing when age has further impaired his mind.
		-- Finley Peter Dunne


I woke up this morning and discovered that everything in my apartment
had been stolen and replaced with an exact replica.  I told my roommate,
"Isn't this amazing?  Everything in the apartment has been stolen and
replaced with an exact replica."  He said, "Do I know you?"
		-- Steven Wright


Don't sweat it -- it's only ones and zeros.
		-- P. Skelly


Fifteen men on a dead man's chest,
Yo-ho-ho and a bottle of rum!
Drink and the devil had done for the rest,
Yo-ho-ho and a bottle of rum!
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson, "Treasure Island"


Life to you is a bold and dashing responsibility.
		-- a Mary Chung's fortune cookie


Scientists were preparing an experiment to ask the ultimate question.
They had worked for months gathering one each of every computer that
was built. Finally the big day was at hand.  All the computers were
linked together.  They asked the question, "Is there a God?".  Lights
started blinking, flashing and blinking some more.  Suddenly, there
was a loud crash, and a bolt of lightning came down from the sky,
struck the computers, and welded all the connections permanently
together.  "There is now", came the reply.


What does it take for Americans to do great things; to go to the moon, to
win wars, to dig canals linking oceans, to build railroads across a continent?
In independent thought about this question, Neil Armstrong and I concluded
that it takes a coincidence of four conditions, or in Neil's view, the
simultaneous peaking of four of the many cycles of American life.  First, a
base of technology must exist from which to do the thing to be done.  Second,
a period of national uneasiness about America's place in the scheme of human
activities must exist.  Third, some catalytic event must occur that focuses
the national attention upon the direction to proceed.  Finally, an articulate
and wise leader must sense these first three conditions and put forth with
words and action the great thing to be accomplished.  The motivation of young
Americans to do what needs to be done flows from such a coincidence of
conditions. ...  The Thomas Jeffersons, The Teddy Roosevelts, The John
Kennedys appear.  We must begin to create the tools of leadership which they,
and their young frontiersmen, will require to lead us onward and upward.
		-- Dr. Harrison H. Schmidt


MALPRACTICE:
	The reason surgeons wear masks.


For what it's worth, if you -can- get Michelle Pfeiffer to model
a latex daemon suit for the catalog, I strongly suggest you do.
Breasts can sell anything. Shiny red latex body suits start
religions.
		-- Brian McGroarty <bvmcg@yahoo.com>


