The course of true anything never does run smooth.
		-- Samuel Butler


Naturally the common people don't want war... but after all it is the leaders
of a country who determine the policy, and it is always a simple matter to
drag the people along, whether it is a democracy, or a fascist dictatorship,
or a parliament, or a communist dictatorship.  Voice or no voice, the people
can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders.  That is easy.  All you
have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists
for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger.  It works the same
in every country.
		-- Hermann Goering


A man in love is incomplete until he is married.  Then he is finished.
		-- Zsa Zsa Gabor, "Newsweek"


It is when I struggle to be brief that I become obscure.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Occident, n.:
	The part of the world lying west (or east) of the Orient.  It is
	largely inhabited by Christians, powerful sub-tribe of the
	Hypocrites, whose principal industries are murder and cheating,
	which they are pleased to call "war" and "commerce."  These, also,
	are the principal industries of the Orient.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Women, when they are not in love, have all
the cold blood of an experienced attorney.
		-- Honore de Balzac


I am ready to meet my Maker.  Whether my Maker is prepared
for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter.
		-- Winston Churchill


Don't remember what you can infer.
		-- Harry Tennant


Snow White has become a camera buff.  She spends hours and hours
shooting pictures of the seven dwarfs and their antics.  Then she
mails the exposed film to a cut rate photo service.  It takes weeks
for the developed film to arrive in the mail, but that is all right
with Snow White.  She clears the table, washes the dishes and sweeps
the floor, all the while singing "Someday my prints will come."


Make sure your code does nothing gracefully.


Yuck Foo.


No line available at 300 baud.


Programming Department:
	Mistakes made while you wait.


The first requisite for immortality is death.
		-- Stanislaw Lem


It takes both a weapon, and two people, to commit a murder.


T-shirt:
	Life is *not* a Cabaret, and stop calling me chum!


I've always made it a solemn practice to never
drink anything stronger than tequila before breakfast.
		-- R. Nesson


Bug, n.:
	A son of a glitch.


This is the sort of English up with which I will not put.
		-- Winston Churchill


Laugh when you can; cry when you must.


Decorate your home.  It gives the illusion
that your life is more interesting than it really is.
		-- C. Schultz


	"Seven years and six months!"  Humpty Dumpty repeated thoughtfully.
"An uncomfortable sort of age.  Now if you'd asked MY advice, I'd have
said 'Leave off at seven' -- but it's too late now."
	"I never ask advice about growing,"  Alice said indignantly.
	"Too proud?" the other enquired.
	Alice felt even more indignant at this suggestion.  "I mean,"
she said, "that one can't help growing older."
	"ONE can't, perhaps," said Humpty Dumpty; "but TWO can.  With
proper assistance, you might have left off at seven."
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


Mistrust first impulses; they are always right.


Let us treat men and women well;
Treat them as if they were real;
Perhaps they are.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


A man goes into a bar and begins to tell a Polish joke.  The man sitting
next to him, a big hulking powerhouse, turns and says menacingly, "*I'm*
Polish."
	He then calls out, "Ivan!  Come over here and bring your brother."
Two men, bigger than the first, appear from the back room.
	"Josef!" the man calls out, "come here a second, and bring Lendl
with you."  Two more men appear, and all five men crowd around the man with
the joke.
	"Now," says the first Polish man, "do you want to finish that joke?"
	"Nah," says the man.
	"Oh, no?  And why not?  I'm sure it was very funny," says the Polish
man, opening and closing his fist.  "Are you scared?"
	"No," replies the man.  "I just don't feel like having to explain it
five times."


Certainly there are things in life that money can't buy,
But it's very funny --
did you ever try buying them without money?
		-- Ogden Nash


Just because everything is different doesn't mean anything has changed.
		-- Irene Peter


The IRS spends God knows how much of your tax money on these toll-free
information hot lines staffed by IRS employees, whose idea of a
dynamite tax tip is that you should print neatly.  If you ask them a
real tax question, such as how you can cheat, they're useless.

So, for guidance, you want to look to big business.  Big business never
pays a nickel in taxes, according to Ralph Nader, who represents a big
consumer organization that never pays a nickel in taxes...
		-- Dave Barry, "Sweating Out Taxes"


She is descended from a long line that her mother listened to.
		-- Gypsy Rose Lee


	One PAYDAY, MR. GOODBAR wanted a BIT O' HONEY.  So he took his Miss
HERSHEY behind the POWERHOUSE on the corner of 5th AVENUE and CLARK where he
there began to feel her MOUNDS.  And that was an ALMOND JOY which definitely
made his TOOTSIE ROLL.
	He let out a SNICKER as he slipped his BUTTERFINGER up her KIT KAT
which of course caused the MILKY WAY.  She screamed "OH, HENRY!" as she
squeezed his PETER, PAUL and ZAGNUTS and said "you're better then the 3
MUSKETEERS."
		-- John Volby (Dr. Dirty), "The Candy Bar Poem"


Mathematicians do it in theory.


History has the relation to truth that theology has to religion --
i.e., none to speak of.
		-- Lazarus Long


Lysistrata had a good idea.


Old age is too high a price to pay for maturity.


Sentient plasmoids are a gas.


The First Commandment for Technicians:
	Beware the lightening that lurketh in the undischarged
capacitor, lest it cause thee to bounce upon thy buttocks in a most
untechnician-like manner.


Every man who is high up likes to think that he has done
it all himself, and the wife smiles and lets it go at that.
		-- Barrie


Our OS who art in CPU, UNIX be thy name.
Thy programs run, thy syscalls done,
In kernel as it is in user.


Never buy from a rich salesman.
		-- Goldenstern


Duckies are fun!


Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.


Editing is a rewording activity.


Lemme show ya the odds, Sparky...  In yer country, ya got 14 million
black people, and 3 million white people.  Now, does the name "Custer"
mean anything to you?
		-- Robin Williams, portraying Lester Maddox talking to
		   Prime Minister Botha of South Africa.


Waiter: "Tea or coffee, gentlemen?"
1st customer: "I'll have tea."
2nd customer: "Me, too -- and be sure the glass is clean!"
	(Waiter exits, returns)
Waiter: "Two teas.  Which one asked for the clean glass?"


Being owned by someone used to be called
slavery -- now it's called commitment.


The dirty work at political conventions is almost always done in
the grim hours between midnight and dawn.  Hangmen and politicians
work best when the human spirit is at its lowest ebb.
		-- Russell Baker


Sleep is for the weak and sickly.


Just close your eyes, tap your heels together three times,
and think to yourself, "There's no place like home."
		-- Billie Burke as Glinda, "The Wizard of Oz"


One hundred and one uses for canned peaches.
One hundred and two if you plan to eat them.


If practice makes perfect, and nobody's perfect, why practice?


In my sweet little night gown of blue,
On the first night that I slept with you,
	I was both shy and scared
	As the bed was prepared,
And you played peekaboo with my ribbons of blue.

As we both watched the break of day,
And in peaceful submission I lay,
	You said you adored it
	But dammit, you tore it,
My sweet little night gown of blue.


Who goeth a-borrowing goeth a-sorrowing.
		-- Thomas Tusser


Hoping to goodness is not theologically sound.
		-- Peanuts


Everything that can be invented has been invented.
		-- Charles Duell, Director of U.S. Patent Office, 1899


A man said to the Universe:
	"Sir, I exist!"
	"However," replied the Universe,
	"the fact has not created in me a sense of obligation."
		-- Stephen Crane


It is when I struggle to be brief that I become obscure.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


It may be that your whole purpose in life
is simply to serve as a warning to others.


The Fastest Defeat In Chess
	The big name for us in the world of chess is Gibaud, a French chess
master.
	In Paris during 1924 he was beaten after only four moves by a
Monsieur Lazard.  Happily for posterity, the moves are recorded and so
chess enthusiasts may reconstruct this magnificent collapse in the comfort
of their own homes.
	Lazard was black and Gibaud white:
	1: P-Q4, Kt-KB3
	2: Kt-Q2, P-K4
	3: PxP, Kt-Kt5
	4: P-KR3, Kt-K6/
	White then resigns on realizing that a fifth move would involve
either a Q-KR5 check or the loss of his queen.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Never try to explain computers to a layman.  It's easier to explain
sex to a virgin.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein

(Note, however, that virgins tend to know a lot about computers.)


By working faithfully eight hours a day,
you may eventually get to be boss and work twelve.
		-- Robert Frost


We sailed on the good ship Venus,
My God, you should have seen us
	With a figurehead
	Of a whore in bed
And the mast an upright penis

The captain of the lugger
Was known as a filthy bugger
	Declared unfit
	To shovel shit
From one ship to another

The first mate's name was Cooper,
By god he was a trooper
	He jerked and jerked
	Until he worked
Himself into a stupor

The cabin boy was chipper,
A dandy little nipper
	He shoved cracked glass
	Inside his ass
And circumcised the skipper

The captain's wife was Charlotte,
Born and bred a harlot
	Her thighs at night
	Were lily white
By morning they were scarlet

The captain's youngest daughter
Slipped into the water
	Her plaintive squeals
	Announced that eels
Had found her sexual quarter

The ship's dog's name was Rover,
They turned the poor beast over
	And ground and ground
	That faithful hound
From Tenerief to Dover


In Ohio, if you ignore an orator on Decoration day to such an extent as
to publicly play croquet or pitch horseshoes within one mile of the
speaker's stand, you can be fined $25.00.


	Why are you doing this to me?
	Because knowledge is torture, and there must be awareness before
there is change.
		-- Jim Starlin, "Captain Marvel", #29


Recent research has tended to show that the Abominable No-Man
is being replaced by the Prohibitive Procrastinator.
		-- C. N. Parkinson


What I do, first thing [in the morning], is I hop into the shower
stall.  Then I hop right back out, because when I hopped in I landed
barefoot right on top of See Threepio, a little plastic robot character
from "Star Wars" whom my son, Robert, likes to pull the legs off of
while he showers.  Then I hop right back into the stall because our
dog, Earnest, who has been alone in the basement all night building up
powerful dog emotions, has come bounding and quivering into the
bathroom and wants to greet me with 60 or 70 thousand playful nips, any
one of which -- bear in mind that I am naked and, without my contact
lenses, essentially blind -- could result in the kind of injury where
you have to learn a whole new part if you want to sing the "Messiah",
if you get my drift.  Then I hop right back out, because Robert, with
that uncanny sixth sense some children have -- you cannot teach it;
they either have it or they don't -- has chosen exactly that moment to
flush one of the toilets.  Perhaps several of them.
		-- Dave Barry, "Saving Face"


I'm for peace -- I've yet to see a man wake up in the morning and say
"I've just had a good war."
		-- Mae West


As you grow older, you will still do foolish things,
but you will do them with much more enthusiasm.
		-- The Cowboy


Q:	Why did God invent booze?
A:	So ugly men could get laid too.


That which is not good for the swarm, neither is it good for the bee.


If the master dies and the disciple grieves,
the lives of both have been wasted.


The Briggs - Chase Law of Program Development:
	To determine how long it will take to write and debug a
	program, take your best estimate, multiply that by two, add
	one, and convert to the next higher units.


I know what you're up to, you white-feathered fiend!
Go release your bowels on some lesser personage!
		-- W. C. Fields, upon seeing a bird overhead


The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits.


No one has a higher opinion of him than he has.
		-- Greg Lehey, FreeBSDcon 1999


He's the kind of man for the times that need the kind of man he is.


A team effort is a lot of people doing what I say.
		-- Michael Winner, British film director


The person who makes no mistakes does not usually make anything.


God is omnipotent, omniscient, and omnibenevolent -- it says so right here
on the label.  If you have a mind capable of believing all three of these
divine attributes simultaneously, I have a wonderful bargain for you.  No
checks, please.  Cash and in small bills.
		-- Lazarus Long


The spirit of Plato dies hard.  We have been unable to escape the
philosophical tradition that what we can see and measure in the world
is merely the superficial and imperfect representation of an underlying
reality.
		-- S. J. Gould, "The Mismeasure of Man"


Hear about...
	the fellow who, upon being told by his shrewish wife that she
	would dance on his grave, promptly provided for a burial at sea?


What time is it?
I don't know, it keeps changing.


You can't take damsel here now.


	"Anything else you wish to draw to my attention, Mr. Holmes ?"
	"The curious incident of the stable dog in the nighttime."
	"But the dog did nothing in the nighttime."
	"That was the curious incident."
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "Silver Blaze"


When more and more people are thrown out of work, unemployment results.
		-- Calvin Coolidge


Destiny is a good thing to accept when it's going your way. When it isn't,
don't call it destiny; call it injustice, treachery, or simple bad luck.
		-- Joseph Heller, "God Knows"


The first half of our lives is ruined by our parents,
and the second half by our children.
		-- Clarence Darrow


A platitude is simply a truth repeated till people get tired of hearing it.
		-- Stanley Baldwin


Hey, what do you expect from a culture that
*drives* on *parkways* and *parks* on *driveways*?
		-- Gallagher


Include me out.


To code the impossible code,		This is my quest --
To bring up a virgin machine,		To debug that code,
To pop out of endless recursion,	No matter how hopeless,
To grok what appears on the screen,	No matter the load,
					To write those routines
To right the unrightable bug,		Without question or pause,
To endlessly twiddle and thrash,	To be willing to hack FORTRAN IV
To mount the unmountable magtape,	For a heavenly cause.
To stop the unstoppable crash!		And I know if I'll only be true
					To this glorious quest,
And the queue will be better for this,	That my code will run CUSPy and calm,
That one man, scorned and		When it's put to the test.
	destined to lose,
Still strove with his last allocation
To scrap the unscrappable kludge!
		-- To "The Impossible Dream", from Man of La Mancha


Too cool to calypso,
Too tough to tango,
Too weird to watusi
		-- The Only Ones


BULLWINKLE: "You just leave that to my pal.  He's the brains of the
	    outfit."
GENERAL:    "What does that make YOU?"
BULLWINKLE: "What else?  An executive..."
		-- Jay Ward, "Rocky and Bullwinkle"


Tout choses sont dites deja, mais comme
personne n'ecoute, il faut toujours recommencer.
		-- A. Gide


Life to you is a bold and dashing responsibility.
		-- a Mary Chung's fortune cookie


A man sat down next to another passenger on a train recently and couldn't
help overhearing his conversation out the window with a man standing on
the train platform.
	"Thanks for putting me up while I was here, Sam," said the passenger.
	"Glad to do it," said the other man.
	"Thanks for the food and the drinks -- everything was wonderful."
	"It was a pleasure," said the man.
	"And thank your wife, Sam, she was great," said the passenger,
"she was a truly great lay."
	The man was rather taken aback by this exchange and he later turned
to his fellow passenger and said: "Pardon me sir, but did I understand you
to say that your friend's wife was a great lay?"
	"Well," said the other passenger, "I didn't REALLY enjoy it.  But
Sam is a helluva nice guy."


The greatest disloyalty one can offer to great pioneers
is to refuse to move an inch from where they stood.


There are those who claim that magic is like the tide; that it swells and
fades over the surface of the earth, collecting in concentrated pools here
and there, almost disappearing from other spots, leaving them parched for
wonder.  There are also those who believe that if you stick your fingers up
your nose and blow, it will increase your intelligence.
		-- The Teachings of Ebenezum, Volume VII


If you're right 90% of the time, why quibble about the remaining 3%?


Laissez Faire Economics is the theory that if
each acts like a vulture, all will end as doves.


The nicest thing about the Alto is that it doesn't run faster at night.


The Army needs leaders the way a foot needs a big toe.
		-- Bill Murray


Q:	Why don't lawyers go to the beach?
A:	The cats keep trying to bury them.


MAIDEN AUNT:
	A girl who never had the sense to say "uncle."


You have all the characteristics of a popular politician:
a horrible voice, bad breeding, and a vulgar manner.
		-- Aristophanes


Kumquat, n.:
	Any of several small citrus fruits with sweet spongy rind and
	somewhat acidic pulp that are used chiefly for preserves.
	Extremely popular in some forms of sexual intercourse.  In fact,
	an early indication that your partner is willing to experiment
	sexually may be a rather insistent moaning of "kumquat, kumquat"
	during orgasm.

	Note: this is *not* to be confused with a warning from your
	partner that his/her parents are upstairs and probably awake.


Cheap things are of no value, valuable things are not cheap.


The rain it raineth on the just
And also on the unjust fella:
But chiefly on the just, because
The unjust steals the just's umbrella.
		-- Lord Bowen


Don't remember what you can infer.
		-- Harry Tennant


We are not a clone.


Know how to save 5 drowning lawyers?

-- No?

GOOD!


What will you do if all your problems aren't solved by the time you die?


Q:	What do you call 15 blondes in a circle?
A:	A dope ring.

Q:	Why do blondes put their hair in ponytails?
A:	To cover up the valve stem.


I think we can all agree that there is not enough common courtesy shown
... HEY!  PAY ATTENTION WHEN I'M TALKING TO YOU DAMMIT!  I said I think
we can all agree that there is not enough common courtesy shown today.
When we take the time to be courteous to each other, we find that we
are happier and less likely to engage in nuclear war.  This point was
driven home by the recent summit talks, where Nancy Reagan and Raisa
Gorbachev, each of whose husband thinks the other's husband is vermin,
were able to sit down at a high-level tea and engage in courteous
conversation ...
		-- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"


Dear Emily:
	How can I choose what groups to post in?
		-- Confused

Dear Confused:
	Pick as many as you can, so that you get the widest audience.  After
all, the net exists to give you an audience.  Ignore those who suggest you
should only use groups where you think the article is highly appropriate.
Pick all groups where anybody might even be slightly interested.
	Always make sure followups go to all the groups.  In the rare event
that you post a followup which contains something original, make sure you
expand the list of groups.  Never include a "Followup-to:" line in the
header, since some people might miss part of the valuable discussion in
the fringe groups.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette


Ever Onward!  Ever Onward!
We're bound for the top to never fall,
Right here and now we thankfully
Pledge sincerest loyalty
To the corporation that's the best of all
Our leaders we revere and while we're here,
Let's show the world just what we think of them!
So let us sing men -- Sing men
Once or twice, then sing again
For the Ever Onward IBM!
		-- Ever Onward, from the 1940 IBM Songbook


It's easier to take it apart than to put it back together.
		-- Washlesky


A little word of doubtful number,
A foe to rest and peaceful slumber.
If you add an "s" to this,
Great is the metamorphosis.
Plural is plural now no more,
And sweet what bitter was before.
What am I?


Indecision is the true basis for flexibility.


In a hierarchy every employee tends to rise to his level of incompetence ...
in time every post tends to be occupied by an employee who is incompetent
to carry out its duties ... Work is accomplished by those employees who
have not yet reached their level of incompetence.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter, "The Peter Principle"


You have not converted a man because you have silenced him.
		-- John Viscount Morley


The moon may be smaller than Earth, but it's further away.


All kings is mostly rapscallions.
		-- Mark Twain


We really don't have any enemies.
It's just that some of our best friends are trying to kill us.


Noone ever built a statue to a critic.


It got to the point where I had to get a haircut
or both feet firmly planted in the air.


On Brassieres:
	Russian:	Uplifts the masses.
	Salvation Army:	Raises the fallen.
	American:	Makes mountains out of molehills.


If they sent one man to the moon, why can't they send them all?


	A man walked into a bar with his alligator and asked the bartender,
"Do you serve lawyers here?".
	"Sure do," replied the bartender.
	"Good," said the man.  "Give me a beer, and I'll have a lawyer for
my 'gator."


Money isn't everything -- but it's a long way ahead of what comes next.
		-- Sir Edmond Stockdale


If you don't do it, you'll never know what
would have happened if you had done it.


All your files have been destroyed (sorry).  Paul.


Admiration, n.:
	Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


With all the talent around, it's sort of
amazing that a woman could be up here with us.
		-- Ralph Kiner, on introducing an award winner


The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men
of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding.
		-- Justice Louis D. Brandeis


Fill what's empty, empty what's full, scratch where it itches.
		-- Alice Roosevelt Longworth


Old age is the harbor of all ills.
		-- Bion


Alex Haley was adopted!


	"Oh sure, this costume may look silly, but it lets me get in and out
of dangerous situations -- I work for a federal task force doing a survey on
urban crime.  Look, here's my ID, and here's a number you can call, that will
put you through to our central base in Atlanta.  Go ahead, call -- they'll
confirm who I am.
	"Unless, of course, the Astro-Zombies have destroyed it."
		-- Captain Freedom


Never, ever lie to someone you love unless you're
absolutely sure they'll never find out the truth.


It is a poor judge who cannot award a prize.


Be careful!  Is it classified?


A male gynecologist is like an auto mechanic who has never owned a car.
		-- Carrie Snow


Woman is generally so bad that the difference
between a good and a bad woman scarcely exists.
		-- Tolstoy


Never delay the ending of a meeting or the beginning of a cocktail hour.


Don't interfere with the stranger's style.


Plaese porrf raed.
		-- Prof. Michael O'Longhlin, S.U.N.Y. Purchase


Coach: How's it going, Norm?
Norm:  Daddy's rich and Momma's good lookin'.
		-- Cheers, Truce or Consequences

Sam:   What's up, Norm?
Norm:  My nipples.  It's freezing out there.
		-- Cheers, Coach Returns to Action

Coach: What's the story, Norm?
Norm:  Thirsty guy walks into a bar.  You finish it.
		-- Cheers, Endless Slumper


I am the mother of all things, and all things should wear a sweater.


	"What are we going to do?"
	"Me, I'm examining the major Western religions.  I'm looking
for something that's soft on morality, generous with holidays, and has a
short initiation period."
		-- Maddie and David, "Moonlighting"


For knighthood is not in the feats of war,
As for to fight in quarrel right or wrong,
But in a cause which truth cannot defer:
He ought himself for to make sure and strong,
Just to keep mixt with mercy among:
And no quarrel a knight ought to take
But for a truth, or for the common's sake.
		-- Stephen Hawes


Curiosity killed the cat, but satisfaction brought her back.


NEWSFLASH!!
	Rodney Fenster looked up the shaft of elevator number four at
1700 N. 17th St. this morning to see if the elevator was on its way down.
It was.  Age 31.


QOTD:
	"I opened Pandora's box, let the cat out of the bag and put the
	ball in their court."
		-- Hon. J. Hacker (The Ministry of Administrative Affairs)


	A man walks into a bar and orders 3 shots and 3 beers.  The
bartender, seeing that the man is distraught, asks what the problem is.
	"I just found out that my brother is gay", he replies.
	About a week later, the same man walks in and orders 6 shots and
6 chasers.  So the bartender inquires, "What's wrong this time?"
	To which the man says, "I just found out that two of my brothers
are lovers."
	Another week goes by and the man comes back to the bar and orders
NINE shots and NINE beers.  The bartenders says "Damn, boy, doesn't anyone
in your family like pussy?"
	"Yeah.  Me and my sister."


Tuesday is the Wednesday of the rest of your life.


A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS:

4. DO NOT COMPLAIN IF THE TREATMENT FAILS TO BRING RELIEF.
	You must believe that your doctor has achieved a deep insight into
	the true nature of your illness, which transcends any mere permanent
	disability you may have experienced.

5. NEVER ASK YOUR DOCTOR TO EXPLAIN WHAT HE IS DOING OR WHY HE IS DOING IT.
	It is presumptuous to assume that such profound matters could be
	explained in terms that you would understand.

6. SUBMIT TO NOVEL EXPERIMENTAL TREATMENT READILY.
	Though the surgery may not benefit you directly, the resulting
	research paper will surely be of widespread interest.


A place for everything and everything in its place.
		-- Isabella Mary Beeton, "The Book of Household Management"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to memory management system services.]


VOLCANO:
	A mountain with hiccups.


What is the difference between a Turing machine and the modern computer?
It's the same as that between Hillary's ascent of Everest and the
establishment of a Hilton on its peak.


Prope mare erat tubulator
Qui virginem ingrediebatur.
	Dessine ingressus
	Audivi progressus:
Est mihi inquit tubulator.


For a thousand years I wielded the powers of the wish.  I brought ruin
to the heads of unfaithful men.  I brought forth destruction and chaos
for the pleasure of the lower beings.  I was feared and worshiped across
the mortal globe.  And now I'm stuck at Sunnydale High.  A mortal.
A child ...  and I'm flunking math.
		-- Anya, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Doppelgangland"
		   Season 3, Episode 16


A nuclear family is out golfing one day, when it becomes clear that Dad isn't
going to win any trophies, at least on this course.  On the 3rd hole, after
two miserable bogies, he misses a two foot putt and exclaims, "Shit!"
	His wife glances over at their sixteen year old daughter and says
nothing.
	On the fourth hole Dad tees off with an incredible hook, and, after
the inevitable exclamation, his wife reproves him with "Honey!"
	This continues on, with his golfing getting worse and his wife getting
more and more upset about his language.  Finally, on the 17th hole, he again
misses a very easy putt.  Flinging his club down, he curses the hole, the
club, and the sunset, using the word "fuck" for the first time.  His wife
whirls around and cries, "Honey!  Our daughter is standing right next to you!"
	Feeling remorseful, but somewhat defensive, he turns to the
daughter and says, "Well, Cindy, you've heard that word before, haven't
you?"
	"Yes," the daughter replies, "but never in anger."


Do clones have navels?


Try `stty 0' -- it works much better.


Surprise!  You are the lucky winner of random I.R.S Audit!
Just type in your name and social security number.
Please remember that leaving the room is punishable under law:

Name	#




A businessman was awe-struck by the beautiful redhead at the hotel bar.
Seeing his interest, she quietly informed him that she was a prostitute
and that her price was $500.  He was taken aback by the price, but after
a few minutes of thought he took her up to his room.  She spent a few
minutes in the bathroom and was shocked when she came out to see him
masturbating furiously on the bed.  "What are you doing?", she asked.
	"Baby, for $500, you're not going to get the easy one!"


My own dear love, he is strong and bold
	And he cares not what comes after.
His words ring sweet as a chime of gold,
	And his eyes are lit with laughter.
He is jubilant as a flag unfurled --
	Oh, a girl, she'd not forget him.
My own dear love, he is all my world --
	And I wish I'd never met him.
		-- Dorothy Parker, part 1


A book is the work of a mind, doing its work in the way that a mind deems
best.  That's dangerous.  Is the work of some mere individual mind likely to
serve the aims of collectively accepted compromises, which are known in the
schools as 'standards'?  Any mind that would audaciously put itself forth to
work all alone is surely a bad example for the students, and probably, if
not downright antisocial, at least a little off-center, self-indulgent,
elitist.  ... It's just good pedagogy, therefore, to stay away from such
stuff, and use instead, if film-strips and rap-sessions must be
supplemented, 'texts,' selected, or prepared, or adapted, by real
professionals.  Those texts are called 'reading material.'  They are the
academic equivalent of the 'listening material' that fills waiting-rooms,
and the 'eating material' that you can buy in thousands of convenient eating
resource centers along the roads.
		-- The Underground Grammarian


Bus error -- driver executed.


"We maintain that the very foundation of our way of life is what we call
free enterprise," said Cash McCall, "but when one of our citizens
show enough free enterprise to pile up a little of that profit, we do
our best to make him feel that he ought to be ashamed of himself."
		-- Cameron Hawley


If you don't say anything, you won't be called on to repeat it.
		-- Calvin Coolidge


Say it with flowers,
Or say it with mink,
But whatever you do,
Don't say it with ink!
		-- Jimmie Durante


Do something unusual today.  Pay a bill.


Experience teaches you that the man who looks you straight in the eye,
particularly if he adds a firm handshake, is hiding something.
		-- Clifton Fadiman, "Enter Conversing"


If entropy is increasing, where is it coming from?


