X windows:
	The ultimate bottleneck.
	Flawed beyond belief.
	The only thing you have to fear.
	Somewhere between chaos and insanity.
	On autopilot to oblivion.
	The joke that kills.
	A disgrace you can be proud of.
	A mistake carried out to perfection.
	Belongs more to the problem set than the solution set.
	To err is X windows.
	Ignorance is our most important resource.
	Complex nonsolutions to simple nonproblems.
	Built to fall apart.
	Nullifying centuries of progress.
	Falling to new depths of inefficiency.
	The last thing you need.
	The de facto substandard.

Elevating brain damage to an art form.
	X windows.


When people say nothing, they don't necessarily mean nothing.


A gambler was telling a friend about his first junket to Las Vegas and how
hard it was to get any sleep.
	"I was awakened at one, two and four in the morning by a
drunken chorus girl banging on the door and screaming," he recalled.
	"That's terrible," the friend said." How'd you ever get any sleep?"
	"At five o'clock I unlocked the door and let her out."


There are only two kinds of men -- the dead and the deadly.
		-- Helen Rowland


It's been so long since I made love I can't even remember who
gets tied up.
		-- Joan Rivers


The honeymoon is over when a quickie before dinner refers to a short drink.


Who cares if it doesn't do anything?  It was made with
our new Triple-Iso-Bifurcated-Krypton-Gate-MOS process...


The Sixth Commandment of Frisbee:
	The greatest single aid to distance is for the disc to be going
in a direction you did not want.  (Goes the wrong way = Goes a long
way.)
		-- Dan Roddick


Believe everything you hear about the world; nothing is too
impossibly bad.
		-- Honore de Balzac


A man who fishes for marlin in ponds
will put his money in Etruscan bonds.


The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


Stockmayer's Theorem:
	If it looks easy, it's tough.
	If it looks tough, it's damn well impossible.


Al Gore resembled a Vulcan desperately in need of a blow job.
		-- Bobcat Goldthwait


Some circumstantial evidence is very strong,
as when you find a trout in the milk.
		-- Thoreau


Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone.


Ignorance is when you don't know anything and somebody finds it out.


Every time I think I know where it's at, they move it.


"The subspace _W inherits the other 8 properties of _V. And there aren't
even any property taxes."
		-- J. MacKay, Mathematics 134b


Mathematicians do it with a small, imaginary part.


Fudd's First Law of Opposition:
	Push something hard enough and it will fall over.


As many of you know, I am taking a class here at UNC on Personality.
One of the tests to determine personality in our book was so incredibly
useful and interesting, I just had to share it.

Answer each of the following items "true" or "false"

 1. I think beavers work too hard.
 2. I use shoe polish to excess.
 3. God is love.
 4. I like mannish children.
 5. I have always been disturbed by the sight of Lincoln's ears.
 6. I always let people get ahead of me at swimming pools.
 7. Most of the time I go to sleep without saying goodbye.
 8. I am not afraid of picking up door knobs.
 9. I believe I smell as good as most people.
10. Frantic screams make me nervous.
11. It's hard for me to say the right thing when I find myself in a room
    full of mice.
12. I would never tell my nickname in a crisis.
13. A wide necktie is a sign of disease.
14. As a child I was deprived of licorice.
15. I would never shake hands with a gardener.
16. My eyes are always cold.
17. Cousins are not to be trusted.
18. When I look down from a high spot, I want to spit.
19. I am never startled by a fish.
20. I have never gone to pieces over the weekend.


Too much is not enough.


Life is like arriving late for a movie, having to figure out what was
going on without bothering everybody with a lot of questions, and then
being unexpectedly called away before you find out how it ends.


Bozo is the Brotherhood of Zips and Others.  Bozos are people who band
together for fun and profit.  They have no jobs.  Anybody who goes on a
tour is a Bozo. Why does a Bozo cross the street?  Because there's a Bozo
on the other side. It comes from the phrase vos otros, meaning others.
They're the huge, fat, middle waist.  The archetype is an Irish drunk
clown with red hair and nose, and pale skin.  Fields, William Bendix.
Everybody tends to drift toward Bozoness.  It has Oz in it.  They mean
well.  They're straight-looking except they've got inflatable shoes.  They
like their comforts.  The Bozos have learned to enjoy their free time,
which is all the time.
		-- The Firesign Theatre, "If Bees Lived Inside Your Head"


The meek shall inherit the earth -- they are too weak to refuse.


Love makes fools, marriage cuckolds, and patriotism malevolent imbeciles.
		-- Paul Leautaud, "Passe-temps"


The answer to the question of Life, the Universe, and Everything is...

	Four day work week,
	Two ply toilet paper!


Drinking when we are not thirsty and making love at all seasons, madam:
that is all there is to distinguish us from the other animals.
		-- Pierre de Beaumarchais, "Le Marriage de Figaro"


Life is difficult because it is non-linear.


A prediction is worth twenty explanations.
		-- K. Brecher


I went to my mother and told her I intended to commence a different life.
I asked for and obtained her blessing and at once commenced the career
of a robber.
		-- Tiburcio Vasquez


Les salons de la ville de Trieste
Sont vaseux, suraigus, at funestes;
	Parmi les grandes chaises
	On cause des malaises,
Des estropiements, et des pestes.
		-- Edward Gorey


It happened that a fire broke out backstage in a theater.  The clown
came out to inform the public.  They thought it was just a jest and
applauded.  He repeated his warning, they shouted even louder.  So I
think the world will come to an end amid general applause from all the
wits, who believe that it is a joke.
		-- S. A. Kierkegaard (1813-1855)


Q:	Why does Washington have the most lawyers per capita and
	New Jersey the most toxic waste dumps?
A:	God gave New Jersey first choice.


	Harry constantly irritated his friends with his eternal optimism.
No matter how bad the situation, he would always say, "Well, it could have
been worse."
	To cure him of his annoying habit, his friends decided to invent a
situation so completely black, so dreadful, that even Harry could find no
hope in it.  Approaching him at the club bar one day, one of them said,
"Harry!  Did you hear what happened to George?  He came home last night,
found his wife in bed with another man, shot them both, and then turned
the gun on himself!"
	"Terrible," said Harry.  "But it could have been worse."
	"How in hell," demanded his dumbfounded friend, "could it possibly
have been worse?"
	"Well," said Harry, "if it had happened the night before, I'd be
dead right now."


Hear about...
	the new vitamin made from chicken blood,
	it makes men cocky and women lay better?


The IQ of the group is the lowest IQ of a member of
the group divided by the number of people in the group.


It was one time too many
One word too few
It was all too much for me and you
There was one way to go
Nothing more we could do
One time too many
One word too few
		-- Meredith Tanner


Sharks are as tough as those football fans who take their shirts off
during games in Chicago in January, only more intelligent.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sex and the Single Amoeba: What Every
		   Teen Should Know"


It's not reality that's important, but how you perceive things.


OK, so you're a Ph.D.  Just don't touch anything.


		Hard Copies and Chmod

And everyone thinks computers are impersonal
cold diskdrives hardware monitors
user-hostile software

of course they're only bits and bytes
and characters and strings
and files

just some old textfiles from my old boyfriend
telling me he loves me and
he'll take care of me

simply a discarded printout of a friend's directory
deep intimate secrets and
how he doesn't trust me

couldn't hurt me more if they were scented in lavender or mould
on personal stationery
		-- terri@csd4.milw.wisc.edu


It is now quite lawful for a Catholic woman to avoid pregnancy by a resort
to mathematics, though she is still forbidden to resort to physics and
chemistry.
		-- H. L. Mencken


I'd love to go out with you, but I did my own thing and now I've got
to undo it.


You'll wish that you had done some of the
hard things when they were easier to do.


	A doctor, an architect, and a computer scientist were arguing about
whose profession was the oldest.  In the course of their arguments, they
got all the way back to the Garden of Eden, whereupon the doctor said, "The
medical profession is clearly the oldest, because Eve was made from Adam's
rib, as the story goes, and that was a simply incredible surgical feat."
	The architect did not agree.  He said, "But if you look at the Garden
itself, in the beginning there was chaos and void, and out of that the Garden
and the world were created.  So God must have been an architect."
	The computer scientist, who'd listened carefully to all of this, then
commented, "Yes, but where do you think the chaos came from?"


I'm returning this note to you, instead of your paper, because it
(your paper) presently occupies the bottom of my bird cage.
		-- English Professor, Providence College


If you have to hate, hate gently.


The husband who doesn't tell his wife everything probably reasons
that what she doesn't know won't hurt him.
		-- Leo J. Burke


Distance doesn't make you any smaller,
but it does make you part of a larger picture.


I know you're in search of yourself, I just haven't seen you anywhere.


Lucas is the source of many of the components of the legendarily reliable
British automotive electrical systems.  Professionals call the company "The
Prince of Darkness".  Of course, if Lucas were to design and manufacture
nuclear weapons, World War III would never get off the ground.  The British
don't like warm beer any more than the Americans do.  The British drink warm
beer because they have Lucas refrigerators.


Maybe we should think of this as one perfect week... where we found each
other, and loved each other... and then let each other go before anyone
had to seek professional help.


	If I kiss you, that is a psychological interaction.
	On the other hand, if I hit you over the head with a brick,
that is also a psychological interaction.
	The difference is that one is friendly and the other is not
so friendly.
	The crucial point is if you can tell which is which.
		-- Dolph Sharp, "I'm O.K., You're Not So Hot"


MOMENTUM:
	What you give a person when they are going away.


Leadership involves finding a parade and getting in front of it; what
is happening in America is that those parades are getting smaller and
smaller -- and there are many more of them.
		-- John Naisbitt, "Megatrends"


The night passes quickly when you're asleep
But I'm out shufflin' for something to eat
...
Breakfast at the Egg House,
Like the waffle on the griddle,
I'm burnt around the edges,
But I'm tender in the middle.
		-- Adrian Belew


What has roots as nobody sees,
Is taller than trees,
Up, up it goes,
And yet never grows?


One dusty July afternoon, somewhere around the turn of the century, Patrick
Malone was in Mulcahey's Bar, bending an elbow with the other street car
conductors from the Brooklyn Traction Company.  While they were discussing the
merits of a local ring hero, the bar goes silent.  Malone turns around to see
his wife, with a face grim as death, stalking to the bar.
	Slapping a four-bit piece down on the bar, she draws herself up to her
full five feet five inches and says to Mulcahey, "Give me what himself has
been havin' all these years."
	Mulcahey looks at Malone, who shrugs, and then back at Margaret Mary
Malone.  He sets out a glass and pours her a triple shot of Rye.  The bar is
totally silent as they watch the woman pick up the glass and knock back the
drink.  She slams the glass down on the bar, gasps, shudders slightly, and
passes out; falling straight back, stiff as a board, saved from sudden contact
with the barroom floor by the ample belly of Seamus Fogerty.
	Sometime later, she comes to on the pool table, a jacket under her
head.  Her bloodshot eyes fell upon her husband, who says, "And all these
years you've been thinkin' I've been enjoying meself."


I hate babies.  They're so human.
		-- H. H. Munro


Once upon this midnight incoherent,
While you pondered sentient and crystalline,
Over many a broken and subordinate
Volume of gnarly lore,
While I pestered, nearly singing,
Suddenly there came a hewing,
As of someone profusely skulking,
Skulking at my chamber door.


Give a woman an inch and she'll park a car in it.


Stockmayer's Theorem:
	If it looks easy, it's tough.
	If it looks tough, it's damn well impossible.


Don't let your status become too quo!


Shit happens.


If we see the light at the end of the tunnel
It's the light of an oncoming train.
		-- Robert Lowell


I know it all.  I just can't remember it all at once.


America's best buy for a quarter is a telephone call to the right person.


The wages of sin are high but you get your money's worth.


The correct way to punctuate a sentence that starts: "Of course it is
none of my business, but --" is to place a period after the word "but."
Don't use excessive force in supplying such a moron with a period.
Cutting his throat is only a momentary pleasure and is bound to get you
talked about.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"


Close the door, let me give you what you've been waiting for!!


Hear about...
	the absent minded sculptor who put his model to bed and
	started chiseling on his wife?


C makes it easy for you to shoot yourself in the foot.  C++ makes that
harder, but when you do, it blows away your whole leg.
		-- Bjarne Stroustrup


When I look at the horse heads and men's faces, the immense
live torrent once raised by my will and now whirling to
nowhere through the red sunset desert, I often wonder where
I am in this torrent.
		-- Chinggis (Genghis) Khan


Populus vult decipi.
[The people like to be deceived.]


Hear about...
	the young Chinese woman who just won the lottery?
	One fortunate cookie...


Q:	What do you call a principal female opera singer whose high C
	is lower than those of other principal female opera singers?
A:	A deep C diva.


There are those who claim that magic is like the tide; that it swells and
fades over the surface of the earth, collecting in concentrated pools here
and there, almost disappearing from other spots, leaving them parched for
wonder.  There are also those who believe that if you stick your fingers up
your nose and blow, it will increase your intelligence.
		-- The Teachings of Ebenezum, Volume VII


Ginsberg's Theorem:
	1. You can't win.
	2. You can't break even.
	3. You can't even quit the game.

Freeman's Commentary on Ginsberg's theorem:
	Every major philosophy that attempts to make life seem
	meaningful is based on the negation of one part of Ginsberg's
	Theorem.  To wit:

	1. Capitalism is based on the assumption that you can win.
	2. Socialism is based on the assumption that you can break even.
	3. Mysticism is based on the assumption that you can quit the game.


So, is the glass half empty, half full, or just twice as
large as it needs to be?


If I love you, what business is it of yours?
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Said a decadent wench of Bombay:
"This has been a most wonderful day.
	Three cherry tarts,
	At least twenty farts,
Two shits, and a bloody fine lay."


Basic Definitions of Science:
	If it's green or wiggles, it's biology.
	If it stinks, it's chemistry.
	If it doesn't work, it's physics.


I like young girls.  Their stories are shorter.
		-- Tom McGuane


If clear thinking created sparks, we could safely store dynamite in
James Watt's office.
		-- Wayne Shannon, KRON-TV


You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.


The only difference between a car salesman and a computer salesman is
that the car salesman knows he's lying.


We are not a loved organization, but we are a respected one.
		-- John Fisher


Let us treat men and women well;
Treat them as if they were real;
Perhaps they are.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


When asked by an anthropologist what the Indians called America before
the white men came, an Indian said simply "Ours."
		-- Vine Deloria, Jr.


Humans are communications junkies.  We just can't get enough.
		-- Alan Kay


Bedfellows make strange politicians.


The heart is wiser than the intellect.


Woke up this morning, don't believe what I saw.  Hundred billion
bottles washed up on the shore.  Seems I never noted being alone.
Hundred billion castaways looking for a call.


Heisenberg may have been here.


The English country gentleman galloping after a fox -- the unspeakable
in full pursuit of the uneatable.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "A Woman of No Importance"


An attachment a la Plato
for a bashful young potato
or a, not too French, french bean
must excite your languid spleen.
For, if you walk down Picadilly
with a poppy or lily
in your medieval hand,
every one will say,
as you walk your flowery way;
"If this young man is content,
with a vegetable love
which would certainly not content me.
Why, what a very pure young man
this pure young man must be!"
		-- W. S. Gilbert, "Patience"
		   [The subject of the humour is of course, Oscar Wilde]


The wages of sin are high -- unless you know someone who does it for nothing.


The early worm gets the bird.


I'd like to start a new religion.  One that doesn't use a dead young
man as its logo.
		-- Bill Cain, "Stand Up Tragedy"


Two heads are more numerous than one.


QUESTION AUTHORITY.

(Sez who?)


It is difficult to soar with the eagles when you work with turkeys.


A young New York housewife was shocked by some of the language used by her
daughter.  When asked about it, the daughter said she had learned it from
a small girl she played with in the park.  The next day, the mother sought
out the little girl as she played in the park.  "Are you the little girl
who uses bad words?"
	"Who told you?"
	"A little bird," answered the mother.
	"Well, I like that!" exclaimed the small girl.  "And I've been
feeding the little bastards, too!"


Be sure to evaluate the bird-hand/bush ratio.


Politics is supposed to be the second oldest profession.  I have come to
realize that it bears a very close resemblance to the first.
		-- Ronald Reagan


Put your best foot forward.
Or just call in and say you're sick.


	Santa Claus comes down the chimney and the nubile sixteen-year-old
has been waiting for him.  Santa sees her, and in typically unflappable
Santa-style says, "And what do you want for Christmas, little girl?"
	The girl, and she's not so little, tells him.  Well, Santa is
definitely flapped by this, but he manages to come out with, "Ho ho ho,
gotta go, gotta get the children their toys, you know."
	The girl, not to be daunted, takes off her robe.  "Aw, please stay
Santa," she begs.
	He replies, "Ho ho ho, gotta go, gotta get the children their toys,
you know."
	She then takes off her pajama top, her firm pouting breasts pointing
at Santa like an accusation.  "Aw, please stay Santa," she pleads.
	"Ho ho ho, gotta go, gotta get the children their toys, you know."
	Finally, she takes off her pajama bottoms, revealing to Santa her
warm mound of delight.  "Aw, please stay, Santa," she begs.
	Being only mortal, Santa finally gives in, sighing, "Hey hey hey,
gotta stay, can't get up the chimney with my dick this way."


Facts, apart from their relationships, are like labels on empty bottles.
		-- Sven Italla


Love may laugh at locksmiths, but he has a profound respect for money bags.
		-- Sidney Paternoster, "The Folly of the Wise"


Man is the only animal that blushes -- or needs to.
		-- Mark Twain


Q:	What's a JAP's (Jewish American Princess) dream house?
A:	Fourteen rooms in Scarsdale, no kitchen, no bedroom.


Schnuffel, n.:
	A dog's practice of continuously nuzzling in your crotch in
	mixed company.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Traveling through New England, a motorist stopped for gas in a tiny village.
"What's this place called?" he asked the station attendant.
	"All depends," the native drawled.  "Do you mean by them that has
to live in this dad-blamed, moth-eaten, dust-covered, one-hoss dump, or
by them that's merely enjoying its quaint and picturesque rustic charms
for a short spell?"


Down by the old model T,
Where she first showed it to me.
	It was furry and black,
	And she called it a crack,
But it looked like a manhole to me.


BOHICA:
	Bend over, here it comes again.


Our parents were of Midwestern stock and very strict.  They didn't want us
to grow up to be spoiled and rich.  If we left our tennis racquets in the
rain, we were punished.
		-- Nancy Ellis (George Bush's sister), in the New Republic


George Orwell was an optimist.


Let's not complicate our relationship
by trying to communicate with each other.


Women aren't as mere as they used to be.
		-- Pogo


Art is Nature speeded up and God slowed down.
		-- Chazal


Genetics explains why you look like your father,
and if you don't, why you should.


Money is the root of all wealth.


Did you hear about the nearsighted fetishist who got off on the wrong foot?


It is something to be able to paint a particular picture, or to carve a
statue, and so to make a few objects beautiful; but it is far more glorious
to carve and paint the very atmosphere and medium through which we look,
which morally we can do.  To affect the quality of the day, that is the
highest of arts. Every man is tasked to make his life, even in its details,
worthy of the contemplation of his most elevated and critical hour.
		-- Henry David Thoreau, "Where I Live"


To lead people, you must follow behind.
		-- Lao Tsu


This fortune intentionally says nothing.


Look out for yourself -- or they'll pee on your grave.
		-- Louis B. Mayer

The reason so many people showed up at Louis B. Mayer's funeral
was because they wanted to make sure he was dead.
		-- Samuel Goldwyn


He that would govern others, first should be the master of himself.


Q:	Why did the WASP cross the road?
A:	To get to the middle.


Artificial intelligence has the same relation to intelligence as
artificial flowers have to flowers.
		-- David Parnas


Everything's great in this good old world;
(This is the stuff they can always use.)
God's in his heaven, the hill's dew-pearled;
(This will provide for baby's shoes.)
Hunger and War do not mean a thing;
Everything's rosy where'er we roam;
Hark, how the little birds gaily sing!
(This is what fetches the bacon home.)
		-- Dorothy Parker, "The Far Sighted Muse"


Q:	What's black and white and red all over and can't go through
	revolving doors?
A:	A nun with a javelin through her head.


A man was playing golf one day when a little frog hopped out the water at a
water hazard and croaked, "I am a magic frog, and since you are the 10,000th
person to play through here, I'm prepared to offer you one of two magic gifts:
First, for a whole year you can have the most fabulous sex life that anyone
ever had; beyond your wildest dreams.  Or, second, for a whole year you can
be the best golfer the world has ever known.  Which do you prefer?"  The man
thought a bit and said that he'd take the golf.  Well, the man holed his wood
shot from where he was, completed the course in an average of 2 per hole, and
went round in 22.  Quickly he attracted the attention of the sports world,
and became the world's best-known golfer, setting course records wherever
he went.  A year later he was playing the same course inhabited by the frog,
and at the water hazard the frog hopped out and said, "Well, the year is up,
and you now revert to the 18-handicap player you were before.  But tell me, I
was a little surprised that you chose the golf -- I take it your sex life is
outstanding?"  The man said, "Well, I have no complaints in that department
at all, which is why I chose the golf." "How many times did you engage in sex
last year?" inquired the frog.  The man thought a little and said, "Oh, eight
or ten times, I guess."  "Damn," said the frog, "that doesn't strike me as very
satisfactory."  "Oh, I don't know," replied the man, "it doesn't seem so bad
for a Catholic priest from a little town in South Dakota."


Our informal mission is to improve the love life of operators worldwide.
		-- Peter Behrendt, president of Exabyte


No house is childproofed unless the little darlings are in straitjackets.


Q:	Why do people who live near Niagara Falls have flat foreheads?
A:	Because every morning they wake up thinking "What *is* that noise?
	Oh, right, *of course*!


"No program is perfect,"
They said with a shrug.
"The customer's happy--
What's one little bug?"

But he was determined,			Then change two, then three more,
The others went home.			As year followed year.
He dug out the flow chart		And strangers would comment,
Deserted, alone.			"Is that guy still here?"

Night passed into morning.		He died at the console
The room was cluttered			Of hunger and thirst
With core dumps, source listings.	Next day he was buried
"I'm close," he muttered.		Face down, nine edge first.

Chain smoking, cold coffee,		And his wife through her tears
Logic, deduction.			Accepted his fate.
"I've got it!" he cried,		Said "He's not really gone,
"Just change one instruction."		He's just working late."
		-- The Perfect Programmer


The average income of the modern teenager is about 2AM.


If the meanings of "true" and "false" were switched,
then this sentence would not be false.


Apathy is not the problem, it's the solution.


Although a fifth-generation American, Father Sweeny was more Irish than most
of Erin's natives.  He spoke with an Irish brogue which had mysteriously
appeared during his nineteenth year and he *hated* the English.  Due to his
proclivity to belabor the British from his pulpit, complaints to his
superiors were not infrequent.  He would blame anything evil or merely
inconvenient on the English people.  If there was an act of terrorism, the
responsibility was promptly laid at the feet of the Brits.  If there was a
natural disaster, undoubtedly the English government was an accessory to
the fact, if not outrightly culpable.  Repeatedly, his superiors called him
on the carpet for his behavior.  After a particularly vituperative
anti-British broadside, the Bishop instructed Father Sweeny to come straight
to his office; do not pass GO; do not collect two hundred dollars.  Summing
up a humiliating and soul-marking reprimand, the Bishop ended with: "Next
week is Saint Patrick's Day.  If you so much as *mention* the British, it's
your last sermon!"

The following Sunday, as Father Sweeny spoke lovingly and eloquently of
Saint Patrick, and he made a reference to the last Passover celebrated by
Christ and His disciples.  "Sure, an' you're all familiar with the tale.
You know that Our Lord sat at the table and told his disciples that one
among them would betray Him.  As He looked around the table, He stopped at
Peter, the Rock, who said, `Not I, Lord!'  He looked at Thomas, who doubted,
and Thomas said, `I could never do such a thing!'  Then the Lord looked long
and hard at Judas Iscariot, who said, `Cor, bloimy, Guv'na, you couldn't
main may!'"


Do Miami a favor.  When you leave, take someone with you.


Ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so.
		-- John Stuart Mill


FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #5

A:	The Halls of Montezuma and the Shores of Tripoli.
Q:	Name two families whose kids won't join the Marines.


Today is the last day of your life so far.


Freedom of the press is for those who happen to own one.


What is the difficulty with writing a PDP-8 program to emulate Jerry
Ford?

Figuring out what to do with the other 3K.


The man who sets out to carry a cat by its tail learns something that
will always be useful and which never will grow dim or doubtful.
		-- Mark Twain


Extract from Official Sweepstakes Rules:

		NO PURCHASE REQUIRED TO CLAIM YOUR PRIZE

To claim your prize without purchase, do the following: (a) Carefully
cut out your computer-printed name and address from upper right hand
corner of the Prize Claim Form. (b) Affix computer-printed name and
address -- with glue or cellophane tape (no staples or paper clips) --
to a 3x5 inch index card.  (c) Also cut out the "No" paragraph (lower
left hand corner of Prize Claim Form) and affix it to the 3x5 card
below your address label. (d) Then print on your 3x5 card, above your
computer-printed name and address the words "CARTER & VAN PEEL
SWEEPSTAKES" (Use all capital letters.)  (e) Finally place 3x5 card
(without bending) into a plain envelope [NOTE: do NOT use the
Official Prize Claim and CVP Perfume Reply Envelope or you may be
disqualified], and mail to: CVP, Box 1320, Westbury, NY 11595.  Print
this address correctly.  Comply with above instructions carefully and
completely or you may be disqualified from receiving your prize.


Writing about music is like dancing about architecture.
		-- Frank Zappa


The carbonyl is polarized,
The delta end is plus.
The nucleophile will thus attack,
The carbon nucleus.
Addition makes an alcohol,
Of types there are but three.
It makes a bond, to correspond,
From C to shining C.
		-- Prof. Frank Westheimer, to "America the Beautiful"


If you love something set it free.  If it doesn't
come back to you, hunt it down and kill it.


Kill a commy for your mommy.


Bennett's Laws of Horticulture:
	(1)  Houses are for people to live in.
	(2)  Gardens are for plants to live in.
	(3)  There is no such thing as a houseplant.


Bierman's Laws of Contracts:
	(1) In any given document, you can't cover all the "what if's".
	(2) Lawyers stay in business resolving all the unresolved "what if's".
	(3) Every resolved "what if" creates two unresolved "what if's".


Often things ARE as bad as they seem!


The old complaint that mass culture is designed for eleven-year-olds
is of course a shameful canard.  The key age has traditionally been
more like fourteen.
		-- Robert Christgau, "Esquire"


Finding out what goes on in the C.I.A. is like performing acupuncture
on a rock.
		-- New York Times, Jan. 20, 1981


Halt!!  Who goes there, friend or enema?


Viennese Oyster: Lady who can cross her feet behind her head, lying on her
back, of course.  When she has done so, you hold her tightly round each instep
with your full hand and squeeze, lying on her full-length.  Don't try to put
an unsupple partner into this position -- it can't be achieved by brute force.
You can get a very similar sensation -- unique rocking pelvic movement -- with
less expertise if she crosses her ankles on her tummy, knees to shoulders, and
you lie on her crossed ankles with your full weight.  Why "Viennese" we don't
know.  Tolerable for short periods only but gives tremendous genital pressure
for both.
		-- The Joy of Sex


I would much rather have men ask why
I have no statue, than why I have one.
		-- Marcus Porcius Cato


We can found no scientific discipline, nor a healthy profession on the
technical mistakes of the Department of Defense and IBM.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


