Dammit, how many times do I have to tell you?  _F_I_R_S_T you rape,
_T_H_E_N you pillage!!


Nothing is but what is not.


Worth seeing?
Yes, but not worth going to see.


Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men.
		-- Kin Hubbard


Information Center, n.:
	A room staffed by professional computer people whose job it is
to tell you why you cannot have the information you require.


"You can't expect a mother to be with a small child all the time",
Margaret Mead once remarked, with her usual good sense, but in 1978
she shocked feminists by snapping that women don't really have
children to put them in day care twelve hours a day, either.
		-- Caroline Bird, "The Two Paycheck Marriage"


HAPPINESS:
	Having your Herpes (Type II) test come back negative.


Many receive advice, few profit by it.
		-- Publilius Syrus


Encyclopedia for sale by father.
Son knows everything.


If the girl you love moves in with another guy once, it's more than enough.
Twice, it's much too much.  Three times, it's the story of your life.


She sells cshs by the cshore.


You first parent of the human race... who ruined yourself for an apple,
what might you have done for a truffled turkey?
		-- Brillat-Savarin, "Physiologie du go^ut"


Why do mathematicians insist on using words that already have another
meaning?  "It is the complex case that is easier to deal with."  "If it
doesn't happen at a corner, but at an edge, it nonetheless happens at a
corner."


It has long been known that birds will occasionally build nests in the
manes of horses.  The only known solution to this problem is to sprinkle
baker's yeast in the mane, for, as we all know, yeast is yeast and nest
is nest, and never the mane shall tweet.


Sin lies only in hurting other people unnecessarily.
All other "sins" are invented nonsense.
(Hurting yourself is not sinful -- just stupid).
		-- Lazarus Long


E.T. GO HOME!!!  (And take your Smurfs with you.)


Double Bucky, you're the one,
You make my keyboard so much fun,
Double Bucky, an additional bit or two, (Vo-vo-de-o)
Control and meta, side by side,
Augmented ASCII, 9 bits wide!
Double Bucky, a half a thousand glyphs, plus a few!

Oh, I sure wish that I,
Had a couple of bits more!
Perhaps a set of pedals to make the number of bits four.

Double Double Bucky!  Double Bucky left and right
OR'd together, outta sight!
Double Bucky, I'd like a whole word of,
Double Bucky, I'm happy I heard of,
Double Bucky, I'd like a whole word of you!
		-- to Niklaus Wirth, who suggested that an extra bit
		   be added to terminal codes on 36-bit machines for use
		   by screen editors.  [to the tune of "Rubber Ducky"]


Taxes are not levied for the benefit of the taxed.


Hear that...
	the Pope's next pronouncement on birth control is to be titled
	"Paul's Epistle to the Fallopians"?


God is really only another artist.  He invented the giraffe, the
elephant and the cat.  He has no real style, He just goes on trying
other things.
		-- Pablo Picasso


We must finish once and for all with the neutrality of chess.  We must
condemn once and for all the formula "chess for the sake of chess," like
the formula "art for art's sake."  We must organize shock-brigades of
chess-players, and begin the immediate realization of a Five-Year Plan
for chess.
		-- Nikolai V. Krylenko, People's Commissar for Justice
		   (of RFSFR, later of USSR), speaking at a 1932 Congress
		   of Chess Players, as quoted in Boris Souvarine's
		   "Stalin," published London, 1939


As soon as we started programming, we found to our surprise that it wasn't
as easy to get programs right as we had thought.  Debugging had to be
discovered.  I can remember the exact instant when I realized that a large
part of my life from then on was going to be spent in finding mistakes in
my own programs.
		-- Maurice Wilkes, designer of EDSAC, on programming, 1949


Don't abandon hope: your Tom Mix decoder ring arrives tomorrow.


It was kinda like stuffing the wrong card in a computer,
when you're stickin' those artificial stimulants in your arm.
		-- Dion, noted computer scientist


Great acts are made up of small deeds.
		-- Lao Tsu


An apple a day makes 365 apples a year.


Over the shoulder supervision is more a
need of the manager than the programming task.


I finally went to the eye doctor.  I got contacts.
I only need them to read, so I got flip-ups.
		-- Steven Wright


You know you're in trouble when...
1)	Your car horn goes off accidentally and remains stuck as you
		follow a group of Hell's Angels on the freeway.
2)	You want to put on the clothes you wore home from the party
		and there aren't any.
3)	Your boss tells you not to bother to take off your coat.
4)	The bird singing outside your window is a buzzard.
5)	You wake up and your braces are locked together.
6)	Your mother approves of the person you're dating.


"... I should explain that I was wearing a black velvet cape that was
supposed to make me look like the dashing, romantic Zorro but which
actually made me look like a gigantic bat wearing glasses ..."
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wet Zorro Suit and Other Turning
		   Points in l'Amour"


When the usher noticed a man stretched across three seats in a movie theatre,
he walked over and whispered, "I'm sorry, sir, but you're allowed only a single
seat." The man moaned, but did not budge.  "Sir," the user said more loudly,
"if you don't move, I'll have to call a manager."  The man moaned again but
stayed where he was. The usher left, and returned with the manager, who, after
several more attempts at dislodging the fellow, called the police.
	The cop took a look at the reclining man and said, "All right, boyo,
what's your name?"
	"Samuel," he mumbled.
	"And where're you from, Sam?"
	"The balcony."


What do I consider a reasonable person to be?  I'd say a reasonable person
is one who accepts that we are all human and therefore fallible, and takes
that into account when dealing with others.  Implicit in this definition is
the belief that it is the right and the responsibility of each person to
live his or her own life as he or she sees fit, to respect this right in
others, and to demand the assumption of this responsibility by others.


God, I ask for patience -- and I want it right now!


They're basically very smelly houseplants until they get to the crawling
age.  You're constantly terrified that they're going to randomly die on
you, but the rules for preventing that outcome are straightforward and
hard to forget.
		-- Thomas Ptacek, giving advice to a new father


There is a building with four floors.  On the first floor, there
is a convention of architects.  On the second floor, there is a
vinyl manufacturing plant.  On the third floor there is a fast food
stand, and on the fourth floor there is a library.

Q:	What would happen if a librarian traveled down in a small
	elevator with one other person from each floor?
A:	The elevator would be full.


	Youth is not a time of life--it is a state of mind. It is not a
matter of red cheeks, red lips and supple knees. It is a temper of the
will; a quality of the imagination; a vigor of the emotions; it is a
freshness of the deep springs of life.  Youth means a tempermental
predominance of courage over timidity, of the appetite for adventure
over a life of ease.  This often exists in a man of fifty, more than in
a boy of twenty.  Nobody grows old by merely living a number of years;
people grow old by deserting their ideals.

	Years may wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles
the soul.  Worry, doubt, self-distrust, fear and despair--these are the
long, long years that bow the head and turn the growing spirit back to
dust.

	Whether seventy or sixteen, there is in every being's heart a
love of wonder; the sweet amazement at the stars and starlike things and
thoughts; the undaunted challenge of events, the unfailing childlike
appetite for what comes next, and the joy in the game of life.

	You are as young as your faith, as old as your doubt; as young
as your self-confidence, as old as your fear, as young as your hope, as
old as your despair.

	In the central place of your heart there is a wireless station.
So long as it receives messages of beauty, hope, cheer, grandeur,
courage, and power from the earth, from men and from the Infinite--so
long are you young.  When the wires are all down and the central places
of your heart are covered with the snows of pessimism and the ice of
cynicism, then are you grown old, indeed!
		-- Samuel Ullman, "Youth" (1934), as published in
		   The Silver Treasury, Prose and Verse for Every Mood


			Chapter 1

The story so far:

	In the beginning the Universe was created.  This has made a lot
of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the End of the Universe"


Once you've seen one nuclear war, you've seen them all.


	"I know a life of crime led me to this sorry state.  I blame
society.  Society made me what I am today!"
	"That's bullshit Archie.  You're just a young suburban punk
like me."
	"It still...  hurts... auugghh!"
	"You're going to be okay..."
		"...gurgle..."
			"... maybe not."
		-- Repo Man


Kasha, n.:
	Kasha is always defined as "buckwheat groats".  There's only
	one problem with this definition: what the fuck are "buckwheat
	groats"?  *_I* know what they are -- they're kasha.  But that
	doesn't help *_y_o_u* much.
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


Troglodytism does not necessarily imply a low cultural level.


Make it right before you make it faster.


To vacillate or not to vacillate, that is the question ... or is it?


Nothing can be done in one trip.
		-- Snider


Some of the things that live the longest
in peoples' memories never really happened.


Question: Is it better to abide by the rules until
they're changed or help speed the change by breaking them?


You can get everything in life you want,
if you will help enough other people get what they want.


The American system of ours, call it Americanism, call it Capitalism,
call it what you like, gives each and every one of us a great
opportunity if we only seize it with both hands and make the most of it.
		-- Al Capone


Everything you've learned in school as "obvious" becomes less and less
obvious as you begin to study the universe.  For example, there are no
solids in the universe.  There's not even a suggestion of a solid.
There are no absolute continuums.  There are no surfaces.  There are no
straight lines.
		-- R. Buckminster Fuller


Ignorance is never out of style.  It was in fashion yesterday, it is the
rage today, and it will set the pace tomorrow.
		-- Franklin K. Dane


You can do this in a number of ways.  IBM chose to do all of them.
Why do you find that funny?
		-- D. Taylor, Computer Science 350, University of Washington


Beware of a tall blond man with one black shoe.


Every program has (at least) two purposes:
	the one for which it was written and another for which it wasn't.


It may not be funny, but it's damned amusing!


We are the unwilling... led by the unqualified...
to do the unnecessary... for the ungrateful...
		-- GI in Vietnam, 1970


This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and
intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to which they
are addressed. If you are not the intended recipient of this
transmission, please delete it immediately.

Obviously, I am the idiot who sent it to you by mistake. Furthermore,
there is no way I can force you to delete it. Worse, by the time you
have reached this disclaimer you have already read the document.
Telling you to forget it would seem absurd. In any event, I have no
legal right to force you to take any action upon this email anyway.

This entire disclaimer is just a waste of everyone's time and
bandwidth. Therefore, let us just forget the whole thing and enjoy a
cold beer instead.
 		-- found on the dovecot mailinglist


HOT TUB TIPS FOR WOMEN
	Vol. I -- Etiquette

1. It's not lady-like to straddle a water jet, moan in ecstasy, and then
	scream at the top of your lungs, "Oh, yes, YES, BABY!"
2. Washing your partner's back is sexy.  Washing your panty hose is not.
3. Nude bathing with strangers can be a pleasant experience; don't spoil
	it for everyone with a thoughtless remark, such as "My God, I've
	seen bigger wangs on hamsters!"
4. It's O.K. to pass a joint while tubbing.  Don't pass anything else.
5. Don't think you're fooling anybody by passing off your vibrator as a
	toy submarine.


Oh wad some power the giftie gie us
To see oursel's as others see us!
It wad frae monie a blunder free us,
And foolish notion.
		-- Robert Burns, National Poet of Scotland, 1759-1796


Would you *really* want to get on a non-stop flight?
		-- George Carlin


I never made a mistake in my life.
I thought I did once, but I was wrong.
		-- Lucy Van Pelt


I will never lie to you.


Three things have been difficult to tame: The oceans, fools,
and women. We may soon be able to tame the ocean.  Fools and
women will take a little longer.
		-- Spiro Agnew


Fine day for friends.
So-so day for you.


   n = (n & 0x55555555) + ((n & 0xaaaaaaaa) >> 1);
   n = (n & 0x33333333) + ((n & 0xcccccccc) >> 2);
   n = (n & 0x0f0f0f0f) + ((n & 0xf0f0f0f0) >> 4);
   n = (n & 0x00ff00ff) + ((n & 0xff00ff00) >> 8);
   n = (n & 0x0000ffff) + ((n & 0xffff0000) >> 16);

		-- C code which counts the bits in a word


In matters of principle, stand like a rock;
in matters of taste, swim with the current.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


If God had meant for us to be in the Army,
we would have been born with green, baggy skin.


God wants us to know that if we see a bumper sticker saying "Honk if you love
Jesus" it is a bad idea to honk to express an opinion about Jesus because it
will annoy the turkey who put the bumper sticker on as well as everyone else
in the vicinity.  However, it is just fine to honk to annoy the turkey simply
for being a turkey, for God told Man to be fruitful and multiply, and to rule
over the beasts of the field and the birds of the air, and that includes the
turkeys who buy such bumper stickers.  Of course, God understands that innocent
bystanders will also be annoyed, but He has wisely created traffic cops to
impose some constraint on how much we may annoy the turkeys within city limits,
for God's wisdom comprehends full well that thou shalt not make an omelette
without breaking eggs.  God only wishes they were turkey eggs, so such moral
dilemmas shall be fewer in number in the future, when the generations a-coming
(hallelujah) won't have so many turkeys to deal with.  But God knows full well
that such things take time, and the turkeys are showing more resilience than
expected, and may be with us for a long time yet.


People of privilege will always risk their complete destruction
rather than surrender any material part of their advantage.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


QOTD:
	"I used to go to UCLA, but then my Dad got a job."


Your first husband was the one you married while firmly believing that
there are more important things in life than great sex.


Experiments must be reproducible; they should all fail in the same way.


A psychiatrist is a person who will give you expensive answers that
your wife will give you for free.


Murphy's Law of Research:
	Enough research will tend to support your theory.


After I run your program, let's make love like crazed weasels, OK?


Is a person who blows up banks an econoclast?


Beware the one behind you.


