The better part of valor is discretion.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


You should never ride in an airplane with a sports team,
because if the plane goes down, it's you they're gonna eat!
		-- Gordon Downie, singer for Tragically Hip


You can create your own opportunities this week.
Blackmail a senior executive.


Science may someday discover what faith has always known.


A Smith & Wesson beats four aces.


To be wise, the only thing you really need
to know is when to say "I don't know."


Ladybug, ladybug,
Look to your stern!
Your house is on fire,
Your children will burn!
So jump ye and sing, for
The very first time
The four lines above
Have been put into rhyme.
		-- Walt Kelly


A man is marooned on a desert island with a female sheep and a male Doberman
for companionship.  The animals soon get it on sexually, and all goes well
until the man becomes unbearably horny and makes his move for the ewe, at
which point the dog interposes himself, snarling, fangs bared.  Months later,
a raft drifts into sight.  The sailor swims out, finds a beautiful girl on it,
takes her to shore and feeds and comforts her.
	"You are so good to me," she responds gratefully.  "I'd do absolutely
anything to show my gratitude."
	"Would you?" smiles the sailor as he unfastens the length of rope
that holds up his ragged pants.  "Well, then, here -- use this as a leash
and take that damn dog for a walk!"


	This is where the bloodthirsty license agreement is supposed to go,
explaining that Interactive EasyFlow is a copyrighted package licensed for
use by a single person, and sternly warning you not to pirate copies of it
and explaining, in detail, the gory consequences if you do.
	We know that you are an honest person, and are not going to go around
pirating copies of Interactive EasyFlow; this is just as well with us since
we worked hard to perfect it and selling copies of it is our only method of
making anything out of all the hard work.
	If, on the other hand, you are one of those few people who do go
around pirating copies of software you probably aren't going to pay much
attention to a license agreement, bloodthirsty or not.  Just keep your doors
locked and look out for the HavenTree attack shark.
		-- License Agreement for Interactive EasyFlow


Bigamy is having one spouse too many.  Monogamy is the same.


Newlan's Truism:
	An "acceptable" level of unemployment means that the
	government economist to whom it is acceptable still has a job.


Romeo wasn't bilked in a day.
		-- Walt Kelly, "Ten Ever-Lovin' Blue-Eyed Years With
		   Pogo"


There's too much beauty upon this earth for lonely men to bear.
		-- Richard Le Gallienne


Television has brought back murder into the home -- where it belongs.
		-- Alfred Hitchcock


Some people cause happiness wherever
they go; others, whenever they go.


Cobol programmers are down in the dumps.


Advertising is a valuable economic factor because it is the cheapest
way of selling goods, particularly if the goods are worthless.
		-- Sinclair Lewis


You can get everything in life you want,
if you will help enough other people get what they want.


Jack an Jill went up the hill.
Jill went down,
Jack came.


She's looking for:	He's looking for:	Foreplay:
1957			Someone who'll go	Her: Finding a place to put
Mr. Nice Guy		all the way		     her gum
						Him: Wondering which word would
						     best describe her breasts
						     to the guys

1967			Someone who's got	The first ten minutes
Mr. Natural		rolling papers and	of "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida"
			will go all the way

1977			Someone who'll go	Testing the batteries
Mr. Goodbar		all the way in leg
			warmers and a leather
			face mask

1987			Someone who's never	Examination of the genitalia
Mr. Clean		gone all the way in	under the magnifying glass
			San Francisco		that Grandma used for needle-
						point before she passed away
		-- Michael Corcoran, "National Lampoon", October 1987


This week only, all our fiber-fill jackets are marked down!


One advantage of talking to yourself is that you know at least
somebody's listening.
		-- Franklin P. Jones


One cannot make an omelette without breaking eggs -- but it is amazing
how many eggs one can break without making a decent omelette.
		-- Professor Charles P. Issawi


You can destroy your now by worrying about tomorrow.
		-- Janis Joplin


To understand this important story, you have to understand how the
telephone company works.  Your telephone is connected to a local
computer, which is in turn connected to a regional computer, which is
in turn connected to a loudspeaker the size of a garbage truck on the
lawn of Edna A. Bargewater of Lawrence, Kan.

Whenever you talk on the phone, your local computer listens in.  If it
suspects you're going to discuss an intimate topic, it notifies the
computer above it, which listens in and decides whether to alert the
one above it, until finally, if you really humiliate yourself, maybe
break down in tears and tell your closest friend about a sordid
incident from your past involving a seedy motel, a neighbor's spouse,
an entire religious order, a garden hose and six quarts of tapioca
pudding, the top computer feeds your conversation into Edna's
loudspeaker, and she and her friends come out on the porch to listen
and drink gin and laugh themselves silly.
		-- Dave Barry, "Won't It Be Just Great Owning Our Own
		   Phones?"


Washington [D.C.] is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm.
		-- John F. Kennedy


Buy old masters.  They fetch better prices than old mistresses.
		-- Lord Beaverbrook


I love to eat them Smurfies
Smurfies what I love to eat
Bite they ugly heads off,
Nibble on they bluish feet.


Women are a problem, but if you haven't already guessed,
they're the kind of problem I enjoy wrestling with.
		-- Warren Beatty


This is the first age that's paid much attention to the future,
which is a little ironic since we may not have one.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke


When the cup is full, carry it level.


Harrisberger's Fourth Law of the Lab:
	Experience is directly proportional to the amount of
	equipment ruined.


Mankind is poised midway between the gods and the beasts.
		-- Plotinus


Economics, n.:
	Economics is the study of the value and meaning of J. K. Galbraith.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


To converse at the distance of the Indes by means of sympathetic contrivances
may be as natural to future times as to us is a literary correspondence.
		-- Joseph Glanvill, 1661


We should declare war on North Vietnam.  We could pave the whole
country and put parking strips on it, and still be home by Christmas.
		-- Ronald Reagan


	"Darling," he breathed, "after making love I doubt if I'll
be able to get over you -- so would you mind answering the phone?"


Overall, the philosophy is to attack the availability problem from two
complementary directions:  to reduce the number of software errors through
rigorous testing of running systems, and to reduce the effect of the remaining
errors by providing for recovery from them.  An interesting footnote to this
design is that now a system failure can usually be considered to be the
result of two program errors:  the first, in the program that started the
problem; the second, in the recovery routine that could not protect the
system.
		-- A. L. Scherr, "Functional Structure of IBM Virtual
		   Storage Operating Systems, Part II: OS/VS-2
		   Concepts and Philosophies,"
		   IBM Systems Journal, Vol. 12, No. 4.


Did you hear about...
	the plastic surgeon who hung himself?


QOTD:
	"If I could walk that way, I wouldn't need the aftershave."


The best defense against logic is ignorance.


Corruption is not the No. 1 priority of the Police Commissioner.
His job is to enforce the law and fight crime.
		-- P.B.A. President E. J. Kiernan


Idleness is the holiday of fools.


Cut a man's hand when you fight him.  He'll freeze, fascinated by the sight
of his own blood.  That's when you stick him in the throat.
		-- Gerry Youghkins

If you look rather casual with the knife when you flick it open, people
don't like it.
		-- Gerry Youghkins


A Law of Computer Programming:
	Make it possible for programmers to write in English
	and you will find that programmers cannot write in English.


Don't buy a landslide.  I don't want to have to pay for one more vote
than I have to.
		-- Joseph P. Kennedy, on JFK's election strategy


Q:	Why do women love Pacman?
A:	Only place you can get eaten three times for a quarter.


Fame lost its appeal for me when I went into a public restroom and an
autograph seeker handed me a pen and paper under the stall door.
		-- Marlo Thomas


Notes for a ballet, "The Spell": ... Suddenly Sigmund hears the flutter of
wings, and a group of wild swans flies across the moon ... Sigmund is
astounded to see that their leader is part swan and part woman --
unfortunately, divided lengthwise.  She enchants Sigmund, who is careful
not to make any poultry jokes.
		-- Woody Allen


Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result.
		-- Winston Churchill

Next to being shot at and missed, nothing is really quite as
satisfying as an income tax refund.
		-- F. J. Raymond


The Constitution may not be perfect, but it's a lot better
than what we've got!


University, n.:
	Like a software house, except the software's free, and it's
	usable, and it works, and if it breaks they'll quickly tell
	you how to fix it, and...

	[Okay, okay, I'll leave it in, but I think you're destroying
	 the credibility of the entire fortune program.  Ed.]


Flattery is like cologne -- to be smelled, but not swallowed.
		-- Josh Billings


Cogito cogito ergo cogito sum --
"I think that I think, therefore I think that I am."
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Sturgeon's Law:
	90% of everything is crud.


Delay is preferable to error.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


If men couldn't fuck there'd be a bounty on their heads.


Q:	What do you have if you have a moth ball in one hand and a
	moth ball in the other hand?
A:	One hell of a big moth!


	"Don't you think what we're doing is wrong?"
	"Of course it's wrong!  It's illegal!"
	"Well, I've never done anything illegal before."
	"... I thought you said you were an accountant."


How sharper than a serpent's tooth is a sister's "See?"
		-- Linus Van Pelt


This process can check if this value is zero, and if it is, it does
something child-like.
		-- Forbes Burkowski, CS, University of Washington


You can do very well in speculation where
land or anything to do with dirt is concerned.


How should they answer?
		-- Abigail Van Buren (Dear Abby) in reply to the question
		   "Why do Jews always answer a question with a question?"


I believe a little incompatibility is the spice of life,
particularly if he has income and she is pattable.
		-- Ogden Nash


It is better to have loved and lost -- much better.


More computing sins are committed in the name of efficiency (without
necessarily achieving it) than for any other single reason -- including
blind stupidity.
		-- W. A. Wulf


Spouse, n.:
	Someone who'll stand by you through all the trouble you
	wouldn't have had if you'd stayed single.


The luck that is ordained for you will be coveted by others.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(21) Abortion is wrong.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Watch your mouth, kid, or you'll find yourself floating home.
		-- Han Solo


White House carpenters have reworked the master bedroom, remodeling it
so that Ronnie can sleep with his head in the hall.  That way, by the
time he wakes up, somebody will have already shined his hair.


For there are moments when one can neither think nor feel.  And if one can
neither think nor feel, she thought, where is one?
		-- Virginia Woolf, "To the Lighthouse"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to powerfail recovery.]


Conway's Law:
	In any organization there will always be one person who knows
	what is going on.

	This person must be fired.


He is the best of men who dislikes power.
		-- Mohammed


I acted to show my love for Jodie Foster.
		-- John Hinckley


There are very few personal problems that cannot be
solved through a suitable application of high explosives.


... proper attention to Earthly needs of the poor, the depressed and the
downtrodden, would naturally evolve from dynamic, articulate, spirited
awareness of the great goals for Man and the society he conspired to erect.
		-- David Baker, paraphrasing Harold Urey, in
		   "The History of Manned Space Flight"


Lavish spending can be disastrous.
Don't buy any lavishes for a while.


Dear Ann Landers:
	My husband watches the TV preachers every Sunday.  He claims
one minister said there are 350 different sins.  My husband wants to
know if you can get the list.  He thinks he is missing something.
		-- E.J. Mayfield


Q:	What's the difference between VMS and PMS?

A1:	PMS is only a problem for some people.
A2:	PMS is only a problem for part of the month.
A3:	The drugstore has remedies for PMS.
A4:	People with PMS get sympathy.
A5:	People with PMS don't wish they were UNIX.


Fortune's Law of the Week (this week, from Kentucky):
	No female shall appear in a bathing suit at any airport in this
State unless she is escorted by two officers or unless she is armed
with a club.  The provisions of this statute shall not apply to females
weighing less than 90 pounds nor exceeding 200 pounds, nor shall it
apply to female horses.


It is by the fortune of God that, in this country, we have three benefits:
freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either.
		-- Mark Twain


What causes the mysterious death of everyone?


Give me a fish and I will eat today.
Teach me to fish and I will eat forever.


Just about every computer on the market today runs Unix, except the Mac
(and nobody cares about it).
		-- Bill Joy 6/21/85


The best you get is an even break.
		-- Franklin Adams


I guess I've been so wrapped up in playing the game that I never took
time enough to figure out where the goal line was -- what it meant to
win -- or even how you won.
		-- Cash McCall


We wish you a Hare Krishna
We wish you a Hare Krishna
We wish you a Hare Krishna
And a Sun Myung Moon!
		-- Maxwell Smart


Brain fried -- core dumped


Once harm has been done, even a fool understands it.
		-- Homer


It's faster horses,
Younger women,
Older whiskey and
More money.
		-- Tom T. Hall, "The Secret of Life"


The bigger the theory the better.


Please remain calm, it's no use both of
us being hysterical at the same time.


The trouble with the rat-race is that even if you win, you're still a rat.
		-- Lily Tomlin


It is Mr. Mellon's credo that $200,000,000 can do no wrong.  Our
offense consists in doubting it.
		-- Justice Robert H. Jackson


That Harvard don down at El Djim --
Oh, wasn't it nasty of him,
	With the whole harem randy,
	The sheik himself handy,
To muss up a young camel's quim.


There are three kinds of lies: Lies, Damned Lies, and Statistics.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli


Solipsists of the World... you are already united.
		-- Kayvan Sylvan


The sheep that fly over your head are soon to land.


You can always tell luck from ability by its duration.


GOD:
	Darwin's chief rival.


"It's always the same," the girl sighed to her roommate after returning
in the wee, small hours.  "Afterward, I feel so compromised, so cheap, so
soiled... so absolutely wonderful from head to toe!"


I can give you my word, but I know what it's worth and you don't.
		-- Nero Wolfe, "Over My Dead Body"


Old programmers never die, they just branch to a new address.


Do you feel personally responsible for the world food shortage?
Every time you go to the beach, does the tide come in?
Have you ever eaten an entire moose?
Can you see your neck?
Do joggers take laps around you for exercise?
If so, welcome to National Fat Week.
This week we'll eat without guilt, and kick off our membership campaign,
	...by force-feeding a box of cornstarch to a skinny person.
		-- Garfield


Everyone is more or less mad on one point.
		-- Rudyard Kipling


Yes, we will be going to OSI, Mars and, Pluto, but not necessarily in
that order.
		-- George Michaelson


Who needs friends when you can sit alone in your room and drink?


Q:	How many Romulans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Twelve.  One to screw the light-bulb in, and eleven
	to self-destruct the ship out of disgrace.

	[Warning: do not tell this joke to Romulans or else be ready for
	a fight.  They consider it to be a disgrace, though it's
	pretty good for a LBJ.  Ed.]


The avocation of assessing the failures of better men can be turned
into a comfortable livelihood, providing you back it up with a Ph.D.
		-- Nelson Algren, "Writers at Work"


	"What's that thing?"
	"Well, it's a highly technical, sensitive instrument we use in
computer repair.  Being a layman, you probably can't grasp exactly what
it does.  We call it a two-by-four."
		-- Jeff MacNelly, "Shoe"


I'm free -- and freedom tastes of reality.


	The young male race horse came from a long line of winners, and did
wonderfully in time trials.  However, in actual races he proved a little too
romantic, and could never quite bring himself to pass a mare.
	So one day the trainer went to him and told him he'd have to be
castrated.  The young horse, knowing that it was either this or the glue
factory, took it philosophically.  After all, having the operation was
almost a certain guarantee of a long and illustrious racing career.
	After a short recovery period, the horse was again run in time
trials, and found to do as well as ever.  But the first time he actually
ran in a race, he only went about ten paces, before getting a dejected look
on his face, turning around, and ambling back to the starting gates.
	"What's the matter?" asked the trainer, "you were doing great!"
	"Yeah, well how would you feel" replied the horse, "if five thousand
people took one look at you and shouted `they're off!'?"


The final delusion is the belief that one has lost all delusions.
		-- Maurice Chapelain, "Main courante"


A conservative is a man who is too cowardly to fight and too fat to run.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


Of all forms of caution, caution in love is the most fatal.


Yeah, God is dead, he laughed himself to death.


The reason why worry kills more people
than work is that more people worry than work.


When I kill, the only thing I feel is recoil.


Byte your tongue.


The way to a man's heart is through the left ventricle.


I have a hard time being attracted to anyone who can beat me up.
		-- John McGrath, Atlanta sportswriter, on women weightlifters


MUMMY:
	An Egyptian who was pressed for time.


Some people have parts that are so private
they themselves have no knowledge of them.


Man usually avoids attributing cleverness to somebody else -- unless it
is an enemy.
		-- Albert Einstein


What the large print giveth, the small print taketh away.


The Tree of Learning bears the noblest fruit, but noble fruit tastes bad.


It's odd, and a little unsettling, to reflect upon the fact that English is
the only major language in which "I" is capitalized; in many other languages
"You" is capitalized and the "i" is lower case.
		-- Sydney J. Harris


I was in Vegas last week. I was at the roulette table, having a
lengthy argument about what I considered an Odd number.
		-- Steven Wright


Your spooning days are over,
	And your pilot light is out;
When what used to be your sex appeal
	Is now your water spout!


Violence is molding.


I can mend the break of day, heal a broken heart,
and provide temporary relief to nymphomaniacs.
		-- Larry Lee


