Some of the greatest love affairs I've known have involved one actor,
unassisted.
		-- Wilson Mizner


The human mind treats a new idea the way the
body treats a strange protein: it rejects it.
		-- P. Medawar


		The STAR WARS Song
	Sung to the tune of "Lola", by the Kinks:

I met him in a swamp down in Dagobah
Where it bubbles all the time like a giant cabinet soda
	S-O-D-A soda
I saw the little runt sitting there on a log
I asked him his name and in a raspy voice he said Yoda
	Y-O-D-A Yoda, Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda

Well I've been around but I ain't never seen
A guy who looks like a Muppet but he's wrinkled and green
	Oh my Yoda, Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda
Well I'm not dumb but I can't understand
How he can raise me in the air just by raising his hand
	Oh my Yoda, Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda, Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda


Who goeth a-borrowing goeth a-sorrowing.
		-- Thomas Tusser


When people say nothing, they don't necessarily mean nothing.


You recoil from the crude; you tend naturally toward the exquisite.


If you're going to America, bring your own food.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


It took me fifteen years to discover that I had no talent for writing,
but I couldn't give it up because by that time I was too famous.
		-- Robert Benchley


Christ died for our sins.  Dare we make his martyrdom meaningless by not
committing them?
		-- Jules Feiffer


Nurse Jones is a regular on the newsgroup [alt.sex.bondage], and
occasionally has problems with folks harassing her.  She came up
with this in response to one...

	Fortunately, my ego isn't as fragile as that woodpecker's wing.
	When fratboy called me a dyke I told him that actually I was
	bisexual, but that he shouldn't feel threatened because he didn't
	meet either of my standards.  But if it makes you feel more
	comfortable, I said, my husband tied me to the bedposts this
	morning and screwed the daylights out of me.

	"Just think," said

	Nurse Jones,
	 "... that was four
	   hours ago and
	    my sperm count
	     is probably *still*
	      higher than yours."


It seems to me that nearly every woman I know wants a man who knows how
to love with authority.  Women are simple souls who like simple things,
and one of the simplest is one of the simplest to give.  ...  Our family
airedale will come clear across the yard for one pat on the head.  The
average wife is like that.
		-- Episcopal Bishop James Pike


I'm not sure I've even got the brains to be President.
		-- Barry Goldwater, in 1964


Youth is when you blame all your troubles on your parents; maturity is
when you learn that everything is the fault of the younger generation.


It was a Roman who said it was sweet to die for one's country.  The
Greeks never said it was sweet to die for anything.  They had no vital
lies.
		-- Edith Hamilton, "The Greek Way"


Hear about...
	the ultimate in singles bars.  It's a place where girls have
	to show their I.U.D.'s to be admitted?


Someday we'll look back on this moment and plow into a parked car.
		-- Evan Davis


The individual choice of garnishment of a burger can be an important
point to the consumer in this day when individualism is an increasingly
important thing to people.
		-- Donald N. Smith, president of Burger King


Beware of Programmers who carry screwdrivers.
		-- Leonard Brandwein


Philadelphia is not dull -- it just seems so because it is next to
exciting Camden, New Jersey.


Creativity is no substitute for knowing what you are doing.


Weiner's Law of Libraries:
	There are no answers, only cross references.


Baruch's Observation:
	If all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.


Shedenhelm's Law:
	All trails have more uphill sections
	than they have downhill sections.


Documentation is like sex: when it is good, it is very, very good; and
when it is bad, it is better than nothing.
		-- Dick Brandon


A farmer is a man outstanding in his field.


	"Where'd she get those crow's feet?"
	"You really want to know?"
	"Yeah."
	"From squinting and screaming, "Suck what!?"


The intelligence of any discussion diminishes with the square of the
number of participants.
		-- Adam Walinsky


Magpie, n.:
	A bird whose thievish disposition suggested
	to someone that it might be taught to talk.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Misfortune, n.:
	The kind of fortune that never misses.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Killing turkeys causes winter.


Dozens of bears are found dead in Alaska and Canada every summer, killed
by blood lost to the voracious mosquito.  The estimated life-expectancy
of a naked man on the tundra in summer is about 15 minutes.  In that
time, approximately 250,000 mosquitoes would have drawn enough blood to
kill him.
		-- Gus McLeavy, "Day-by-Day Trivia Almanac"


Do you suffer painful elimination?
		-- Donald E. Knuth, "Structured Programming with Gotos"

Do you suffer painful recrimination?
		-- Nancy Boxer, "Structured Programming with Come-froms"

Do you suffer painful illumination?
		-- Isaac Newton, "Optics"

Do you suffer painful hallucination?
		-- Don Juan, cited by Carlos Casteneda


It has been said that Public Relations is the art of winning friends
and getting people under the influence.
		-- Jeremy Tunstall


The meek shall inherit the earth; the rest of us, the Universe.


It is not enough to have great qualities,
we should also have the management of them.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


I don't care how poor and inefficient a little country is; they like to
run their own business.  I know men that would make my wife a better
husband than I am; but, darn it, I'm not going to give her to 'em.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


That must be wonderful: I don't understand it at all.
		-- Moliere


The University of California Bears announced the signing of Reggie
Philbin to a letter of intent to attend Cal next Fall.  Philbin is
said to make up for no talent by cheating well.  Says Philbin of
his decision to attend Cal, "I'm in it for the free ride."


To err is human -- but it feels divine.
		-- Mae West


$100 invested at 7% interest for 100 years will become $100,000, at
which time it will be worth absolutely nothing.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"


Greener's Law:
	Never argue with a man who buys ink by the barrel.


A mathematician is a device for turning coffee into theorems.
		-- P. Erdos


While most peoples' opinions change,
the conviction of their correctness never does.


Callgirl, n.:
	A negotiable blond.


Flee at once, all is discovered.


It hangs down from the chandelier
Nobody knows quite what it does
Its color is odd and its shape is weird
It emits a high-sounding buzz

It grows a couple of feet each day
and wriggles with sort of a twitch
Nobody bugs it 'cause it comes from
a visiting uncle who's rich!
		-- To "It Came Upon A Midnight Clear"


APL is a natural extension of assembler language programming;
...and is best for educational purposes.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


You are never given a wish without also being given the
power to make it true.  You may have to work for it, however.
		-- R. Bach,
		   "Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul"


	Graduating seniors, parents and friends...
	Let me begin by reassuring you that my remarks today will stand up
to the most stringent requirements of the new appropriateness.
	The intra-college sensitivity advisory committee has vetted the
text of even trace amounts of subconscious racism, sexism and classism.
	Moreover, a faculty panel of deconstructionists have reconfigured
the rhetorical components within a post-structuralist framework, so as to
expunge any offensive elements of western rationalism and linear logic.
	Finally, all references flowing from a white, male, eurocentric
perspective have been eliminated, as have any other ruminations deemed
denigrating to the political consensus of the moment.

	Thank you and good luck.
		-- Doonesbury, the University Chancellor's graduation speech.


I don't want to live on in my work, I want to live on in my apartment.
		-- Woody Allen


Opportunities are usually disguised as hard
work, so most people don't recognize them.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#17

Shoes:
	 The average man has 4 pairs of footwear: running shoes, dress shoes,
boots, and slippers.  The average woman has shoes 4 layers thick on the floor
of her closet.  Most of them hurt her feet.

Making friends:
	 A woman will meet another woman with common interests, do a few things
together, and say something like, "I hope we can be good friends."
	A man will meet another man with common interests, do a few things
together, and say nothing.  After years of interacting with this other man,
sharing hopes and fears that he wouldn't confide in his priest or
psychiatrist, he'll finally let down his guard in a fit of drunken
sentimentality and say something like, "You know, for someone who's such a
jerk, I guess you're OK."


One day a mouse was driving along the road in his Mercedes when he heard an
anguished roaring noise coming from the side of the road.  Stopping the car,
he got out and discovered a lion stuck in a deep ditch and roaring for help.
Reassuring the lion, the mouse tied a rope around the axle of the Mercedes,
threw the other end down to the lion, and pulled the beast out of the ditch.
The lion thanked the mouse profusely and they went their separate ways.
	Two months later the lion was out for a stroll in the country when
he heard a panicked squeaking coming from the side of the road.  Investigating
the noise, what should he come across but the mouse stuck in the same hole.
"Oh, please help me, Mr. Lion," squeaked the terrified mouse.  "I saved you
with my car once, remember?"
	"Course I'll help you, little fellow," roared the lion.  "I'll just
lower my dick down to you, you hold on to it, and we'll have you out of there
in a jiffy."  Sure enough, a few minutes later the mouse was high and dry on
the roadside, trying to convey his eternal gratitude to the lion.
	"Don't give it another thought," said the lion kindly.  "It just goes
to show that if you've got a big dick, you don't need a Mercedes."


If the Nazi's had television with satellite technology, we'd all be
goose-stepping.  Americans are just as suggestible.
		-- Frank Zappa


Catholicism has changed tremendously in the recent years.  Now when
Communion is served there is also a salad bar.
		-- Bill Maher


One of the chief duties of the mathematician in acting as an
advisor... is to discourage... from expecting too much from
mathematics.
		-- N. Wiener


Pascal is Pascal is Pascal is dog meat.
		-- M. Devine and P. Larson, Computer Science 340


I would rather say that a desire to drive fast
sports cars is what sets man apart from the animals.


Hacker's Guide To Cooking:
2 pkg. cream cheese (the mushy white stuff in silver wrappings that doesn't
	really come from Philadelphia after all; anyway, about 16 oz.)
1 tsp. vanilla extract (which is more alcohol than vanilla and pretty
	strong so this part you *GOTTA* measure)
1/4 cup sugar (but honey works fine too)
8 oz. Cool Whip (the fluffy stuff devoid of nutritional value that you
	can squirt all over your friends and lick off...)
"Blend all together until creamy with no lumps."  This is where you get to
	join(1) all the raw data in a big buffer and then filter it through
	merge(1m) with the -thick option, I mean, it starts out ultra lumpy
	and icky looking and you have to work hard to mix it.  Try an electric
	beater if you have a cat(1) that can climb wall(1s) to lick it off
	the ceiling(3m).
"Pour into a graham cracker crust..."  Aha, the BUGS section at last.  You
	just happened to have a GCC sitting around under /etc/food, right?
	If not, don't panic(8), merely crumble a rand(3m) handful of innocent
	GCs into a suitable tempfile and mix in some melted butter.
"...and refrigerate for an hour."  Leave the recipe's stdout in a fridge
	for 3.6E6 milliseconds while you work on cleaning up stderr, and
	by time out your cheesecake will be ready for stdin.


I have no doubt that it is a part of the destiny of the human race,
in its gradual improvement, to leave off eating animals.
		-- Thoreau


Being a woman is a terribly difficult trade,
since it consists principally of dealings with men.
		-- Conrad


Floating idly one day through the air,
A circus performer named Blair,
	Tied a sizeable rock,
	To the end of his cock,
And shattered a balcony chair.


Baker's First Law of Federal Geometry:
	A block grant is a solid mass of money
	surrounded on all sides by governors.


Do something unusual today.  Pay a bill.


The superior man understands what is right;
the inferior man understands what will sell.
		-- Confucius


The Fastest Defeat In Chess
	The big name for us in the world of chess is Gibaud, a French chess
master.
	In Paris during 1924 he was beaten after only four moves by a
Monsieur Lazard.  Happily for posterity, the moves are recorded and so
chess enthusiasts may reconstruct this magnificent collapse in the comfort
of their own homes.
	Lazard was black and Gibaud white:
	1: P-Q4, Kt-KB3
	2: Kt-Q2, P-K4
	3: PxP, Kt-Kt5
	4: P-KR3, Kt-K6/
	White then resigns on realizing that a fifth move would involve
either a Q-KR5 check or the loss of his queen.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


If at first you don't succeed, redefine success.


... Logically incoherent, semantically incomprehensible, and
legally ... impeccable!


Business is a good game -- lots of competition
and minimum of rules.  You keep score with money.
		-- Nolan Bushnell, founder of Atari


Machine-Independent, adj.:
	Does not run on any existing machine.


The Official MBA Handbook on business cards:

	Avoid overly pretentious job titles such as "Lord of the
	Realm, Defender of the Faith, Emperor of India" or "Director
	of Corporate Planning."


Fortune presents:
	USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #5.

Mi ^cevalovipus vin se mi havus		I'd horsewhip you if I had a horse.
	^cevalon.
Vere vi ^sercas.			You must be kidding.
Nu, parDOOOOOnu min!			Well exCUUUUUSE me!
Kiu invitis vin?			Who invited you?
Kion vi diris pri mia patrino?		What did you say about my mother?
Bu^so^stopu min per kulero.		Gag me with a spoon.


The National Short-Sleeved Shirt Association says:
	Support your right to bare arms!


Aim for the moon.  If you miss, you may hit a star.
		-- W. Clement Stone


Absence is to love what wind is to fire.  It extinguishes the small,
it enkindles the great.


Cruickshank's Law of Committees:
	If a committee is allowed to discuss a bad idea long enough, it
	will inevitably decide to implement the idea simply because so
	much work has already been done on it.


Waking a person unnecessarily should not be considered
a capital crime.  For a first offense, that is.


Q:	Somebody just posted that Roman Polanski directed Star Wars.
	What should I do?
A:	Post the correct answer at once!  We can't have people go on
	believing that!  Very good of you to spot this.  You'll probably
	be the only one to make the correction, so post as soon as you can.
	No time to lose, so certainly don't wait a day, or check to see if
	somebody else has made the correction.

	And it's not good enough to send the message by mail.  Since you're
	the only one who really knows that it was Francis Coppola, you have
	to inform the whole net right away!
		-- Brad Templeton, "Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions
		   on Netiquette"


Sentimentality -- that's what we call the sentiment we don't share.
		-- Graham Greene


Everything bows to success, even grammar.


Planet Claire has pink hair.
All the trees are red.
No one ever dies there.
No one has a head....


American business long ago gave up on demanding that prospective
employees be honest and hardworking.  It has even stopped hoping for
employees who are educated enough that they can tell the difference
between the men's room and the women's room without having little
pictures on the doors.
		-- Dave Barry, "Urine Trouble, Mister"


After a few boring years, socially meaningful rock 'n' roll died out.
It was replaced by disco, which offers no guidance to any form of life
more advanced than the lichen family.
		-- Dave Barry, "Kids Today: They Don't Know Dum Diddly Do"


The most dangerous food is wedding cake.
		-- American proverb


Debugging is anticipated with distaste, performed with reluctance,
and bragged about forever. -- Button at the Boston Computer Museum


"You are old," said the youth, "as I mentioned before,
	And make errors few people could bear;
You complain about everyone's English but yours --
	Do you really think this is quite fair?"

"I make lots of mistakes," Father William declared,
	"But my stature these days is so great
That no critic can hurt me -- I've got them all scared,
	And to stop me it's now far too late."


In practice, failures in system development, like unemployment in Russia,
happens a lot despite official propaganda to the contrary.
		-- Paul Licker


THE MX IS GOOD FOR THE ECONOMY.  One important reason we have a Defense
Department is that when we give it money, it spends it, which creates
jobs, whereas if we left the money in the hands of civilians, we don't
know what they'd do with it.  Probably put it in open trenches and set
it on fire.  The MX will create an especially large number of jobs
because of the number of warheads it carries.  It carries a total of 10
warheads.  This creates a great deal of employment, because you have
your Warhead Makers, your Warhead Lifters, your Persons Who Tap the
Warheads Gently with Rubber Mallets to Wedge Them All Snugly Into the
Nose Cone, your Persons Who Just Walk Around Playing Soothing Cassettes
by Recording Artists such as Perry Como So We Don't Have Any More
Episodes Where a Worker Who is Experiencing Some Strain Sticks a
Warhead in the Employee Cafeteria Microwave and Sets It On Roast, etc.
We are talking about a lot of jobs.
		-- Dave Barry, "At Last, the Ultimate Deterrent Against
		   Political Fallout"


The three most dangerous things in the world are a programmer with a
soldering iron, a hardware type with a program patch and a user with
an idea.
		-- The Wizardry Compiled by Rick Cook


Please ignore previous fortune.


A failure will not appear until a unit has passed final inspection.


Maier's Law:
	If the facts do not conform to the theory, they must be disposed of.
		-- N. R. Maier, "American Psychologist", March 1960

Corollaries:
	1.  The bigger the theory, the better.
	2.  The experiment may be considered a success if no more than
	    50% of the observed measurements must be discarded to
	    obtain a correspondence with the theory.


Any fool can tell the truth, but it requires a man of sense to know
how to lie well.
		-- Samuel Butler


Nobody's gonna believe that computers are intelligent until they start
coming in late and lying about it.


We have gone on piling weapon upon weapon, missile upon missile, new
levels of destructiveness upon old ones.  We have done this helplessly,
almost involuntarily: like the victims of some sort of hypnotism, like
men in a dream, like lemmings heading for the sea, like the children of
Hamelin marching blindly along behind their Pied Piper.  And the result
is that today we have achieved, we and the Russians together, in the
creation of these devices and their means of delivery, levels of
redundancy of such grotesque dimensions as to defy rational understanding.
		-- George Kennan, May 19, 1981


If one inquires why the American tradition is so strong against any connection
of State and Church, why it dreads even the rudiments of religious teaching
in state-maintained schools, the immediate and superficial answer is not
far to seek. ...  The cause lay largely in the diversity and vitality of the
various denominations, each fairly sure that, with a fair field and no favor,
it could make its own way; and each animated by a jealous fear that, if any
connection of State and Church were permitted, some rival denomination would
get an unfair advantage.
		-- John Dewey, "Democracy in the Schools", 1908


Conservative, n.:
	A statesman who is enamored of existing evils, as distinguished
	from the Liberal who wishes to replace them with others.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


I bet you have fun chasing the soap around the bathtub.
		-- Princess Diana, to a one-armed war veteran during
		   a visit to a London veterans hospital


It is so stupid of modern civilization to have given up believing in the
devil when he is the only explanation of it.
		-- Ronald Knox, "Let Dons Delight"


Mankind's yearning to engage in sports is older than recorded history,
dating back to the time millions of years ago, when the first primitive
man picked up a crude club and a round rock, tossed the rock into the
air, and whomped the club into the sloping forehead of the first
primitive umpire.

What inner force drove this first athlete?  Your guess is as good as
mine.  Better, probably, because you haven't had four beers.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sports is a Drag"


The luck that is ordained for you will be coveted by others.


Death is life's way of telling you you've been fired.
		-- R. Geis


Your worship is your furnaces
which, like old idols, lost obscenes,
have molten bowels; your vision is
machines for making more machines.
		-- Gordon Bottomley, 1874


What is actually happening, I am afraid, is that we all tell each
other and ourselves that software engineering techniques should be
improved considerably, because there is a crisis.  But there are a few
boundary conditions which apparently have to be satisfied:

    1. We may not change our thinking habits.
    2. We may not change our programming tools.
    3. We may not change our hardware.
    4. We may not change our tasks.
    5. We may not change the organizational set-up
       in which the work has to be done.

Now under these five immutable boundary conditions, we have to try to
improve matters. This is utterly ridiculous.

Edsger W. Dijkstra, on receiving the ACM Turing Award in 1972


To see you is to sympathize.


Football is a game designed to keep coal miners off the streets.
		-- Jimmy Breslin


Life to you is a bold and dashing responsibility.
		-- a Mary Chung's fortune cookie


Diplomacy is the art of saying "nice doggie" until you can find a rock.
		-- Wynn Catlin


"Humpf!" Humpfed a voice! "For almost two days you've run wild and insisted on
chatting with persons who've never existed.  Such carryings-on in our peaceable
jungle!  We've had quite enough of you bellowing bungle!  And I'm here to
state," snapped the big kangaroo, "That your silly nonsensical game is all
through!"  And the young kangaroo in her pouch said, "Me, too!"
	"With the help of the Wickersham Brothers and dozens of Wickersham
Uncles and Wickersham Cousins and Wickersham In-Laws, whose help I've engaged,
You're going to be roped!  And you're going to be caged!  And, as for your
dust speck...  Hah! That we shall boil in a hot steaming kettle of Beezle-But
oil!"
		-- Dr. Seuss, "Horton Hears a Who"


Advice to young men: Be ascetic, and if you can't be ascetic,
then at least be aseptic.


For people who like that kind of book,
that is the kind of book they will like.


Confess your sins to the Lord and you will be forgiven;
confess them to man and you will be laughed at.
		-- Josh Billings


Gentlemen prefer blondes, but who says blondes prefer gentlemen?
		-- Mae West


A vacuum is a hell of a lot better
than some of the stuff that nature replaces it with.
		-- Tennessee Williams


Some peoples mouths work faster than their brains.
They say things they haven't even thought of yet.


When smashing monuments, save the pedestals -- they always come in handy.
		-- Stanislaw J. Lec, "Unkempt Thoughts"


"You are old," said the youth, "as I mentioned before,
	And have grown most uncommonly fat;
Yet you turned a back-somersault in at the door --
	Pray what is the reason of that?"

"In my youth," said the sage, as he shook his grey locks,
	"I kept all my limbs very supple
By the use of this ointment -- one shilling the box --
	Allow me to sell you a couple?"
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


I'm sorry, but my kharma just ran over your dogma.


Attempting to stop MySQL by buying companies around it is like trying
to kill a dolphin by drinking the ocean.
		-- Marten Mickos


In reply to a message by Scott Long:

> Note: this amounts to life support for floppies.  The end IS coming.

Say it ain't so!  If you establish a dangerous trend like this in
your support for floppy booting, the next thing you know, some
computer manufacturer will start shipping machines without ANY FLOPPY
DRIVE AT ALL, leading to the infocalypse, the four horsemen pouring
their vials upon the earth, the birth of the anti-christ (or PERL 6,
whichever comes first), dogs and cats living together, etc.

It's the end of days, I tell you!  The end!  Can the FreeBSD/NetBSD
merger be that far off?
		-- Jordan Hubbard (31 January 2006)


I like work; it fascinates me; I can sit and look at it for hours.


The second best policy is dishonesty.


The fact that people are poor or discriminated against doesn't necessarily
endow them with any special qualities of justice, nobility, charity or
compassion.
		-- Saul Alinsky


Love tells us many things that are not so.
		-- Krainian proverb


African violet:		Such worth is rare
Apple blossom:		Preference
Bachelor's button:	Celibacy
Bay leaf:		I change but in death
Camellia:		Reflected loveliness
Chrysanthemum, red:	I love
Chrysanthemum, white:	Truth
Chrysanthemum, other:	Slighted love
Clover:			Be mine
Crocus:			Abuse not
Daffodil:		Innocence
Forget-me-not:		True love
Fuchsia:		Fast
Gardenia:		Secret, untold love
Honeysuckle:		Bonds of love
Ivy:			Friendship, fidelity, marriage
Jasmine:		Amiability, transports of joy, sensuality
Leaves (dead):		Melancholy
Lilac:			Youthful innocence
Lily:			Purity, sweetness
Lily of the valley:	Return of happiness
Magnolia:		Dignity, perseverance
	* An upside-down blossom reverses the meaning.


It is impossible to travel faster than light, and
certainly not desirable, as one's hat keeps blowing off.
		-- Woody Allen


To find out a girl's faults, praise her to her girl friends.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


It's fabulous!  We haven't seen anything like it in the last half an hour!
		-- Macy's


Doctors and lawyers must go to school for years and years, often with
little sleep and with great sacrifice to their first wives.
		-- Roy G. Blount, Jr.


We are all born mad.  Some remain so.
		-- Samuel Beckett


Pollyanna's Educational Constant:
	The hyperactive child is never absent.


Two pirates are sitting in a seaside tavern, talking.  One of them has a
hook instead of a hand, and an eye patch.  The other pirate has a wooden
leg.  Over a few beers, they start to tell each other how they received their
injuries.
	"One day," says the first pirate, "we had pulled alongside a merchant
vessel and were boarding her.  I had my sword drawn when suddenly a man with
a saber caught me by surprise and cut my hand off.  So I had this hook put
on.  How did you lose your leg?"
	"From a broadside of grapeshot from an English military vessel, in a
terrific battle off the coast of France.  And how about your eye?"
	"Well, I don't really like to talk about it," said the first pirate.
	"Come on," says the second pirate.  "It doesn't matter after all
these years, does it?"
	"Oh, okay," says the first pirate.  "See, it's pretty embarrassing;
a seagull shit in my eye."
	"A seagull!?  I can see how that would hurt, but I don't see why
you would *lose* the eye..."
	"But," the first pirate says, "it was my first day with the hook."


Not only is UNIX dead, it's starting to smell really bad.
		-- Rob Pike


To a Californian, all New Yorkers are cold; even in heat they rarely go
above fifty-eight degrees.  If you collapse on a street in New York, plan
to spend a few days there.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


Original thought is like original sin: both happened before you were born
to people you could not have possibly met.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


GNU Make will no longer go into an infinite loop when fed the horrid
trash that passes for makefiles that `imake' produces (so you can
compile X, despite the extreme stubbornness and irrationality of its
maintainers).
		-- GNU Make 3.55 release notes


It is impossible for an optimist to be pleasantly surprised.


Moody bitch in search of...
	kind, considerate, loving man.  Objective, love-hate relationship.


Brother Jim's recent appearance on the William and Mary campus this past
week was cut short by an ingenious device designed by two computer science
students.  A three-foot bar of extruded aluminum was precisely machined,
with a hole milled down the center of precisely the dimensions of one of
the small Gideon bibles.  The end capped off, a CO2 canister was connected
to provide up to 2,000 PSIG.  Preliminary estimates during field testing
revealed a muzzle velocity of approximately 120-150 MPH for bibles exiting
the tube.  Sufficient ammunition was obtained during a previous visit to
campus by another religious organization, and the system was first used on
Brother Jim, who suffered a broken rib and numerous small bruises, in
addition to the usual humiliation.


It's just a jump to the left
	And then a step to the right.
Put your hands on your hips
	You bring your knees in tight.
But it's the pelvic thrust
	That really drives you insa-a-a-a-a-ane!

	LET'S DO THE TIME WARP AGAIN!

		-- Rocky Horror Picture Show


Lactomangulation, n.:
	Manhandling the "open here" spout on a milk carton so badly
	that one has to resort to using the "illegal" side.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Only a fool has no doubts.


Old Grandad is dead but his spirits live on.


