This universe shipped by weight, not by volume.  Some expansion of the
contents may have occurred during shipment.


A beautiful man is paradise for the eyes, hell for the soul, and
purgatory for the purse.


Pickle's Law:
	If Congress must do a painful thing,
	the thing must be done in an odd-number year.


QOTD:
	"Wouldn't it be wonderful if real life supported control-Z?"


Ruling a big country is like cooking a small fish.
		-- Lao Tsu


Krogt, n. (chemical symbol: Kr):
	The metallic silver coating found on fast-food game cards.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


You've got to have a gimmick if your band sucks.
		-- Gary Giddens


People are like onions -- you cut them up, and they make you cry.


I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with
sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use.
		-- Galileo Galilei


We are confronted with insurmountable opportunities.
		-- Walt Kelly, "Pogo"


In Boston, it is illegal to hold frog-jumping contests in nightclubs.


Instead of thinking of spam as a disease that might be eliminated,
it is more useful to think of it like crime, war and cockroaches.
It is not realistic to expect to eliminate any of these, no matter
how much anyone might wish otherwise. Therefore the best we can
hope to accomplish is to bring spam under reasonable control...
		-- Dave Crocker


I think the sky is blue because it's a shift from black through purple
to blue, and it has to do with where the light is.  You know, the
farther we get into darkness, and there's a shifting of color of light
into the blueness, and I think as you go farther and farther away from
the reflected light we have from the sun or the light that's bouncing
off this earth, uh, the darker it gets ... I think if you look at the
color scale, you start at black, move it through purple, move it on
out, it's the shifting of color.  We mentioned before about the stars
singing, and that's one of the effects of the shifting of colors.
		-- Pat Robertson, The 700 Club


As a professional humorist, I often get letters from readers who are
interested in the basic nature of humor.  "What kind of a sick
perverted disgusting person are you," these letters typically ask,
"that you make jokes about setting fire to a goat?" ...
		-- Dave Barry, "Why Humor is Funny"


You can't cross a large chasm in two small jumps.


The world needs more people like us and fewer like them.


Woman was taken out of man -- not out of his head, to rule over him; nor
out of his feet, to be trampled under by him; but out of his side, to be
equal to him -- under his arm, that he might protect her, and near his heart
that he might love her.
		-- Henry


Big book, big bore.
		-- Callimachus


The 80's -- when you can't tell hairstyles from chemotherapy.


Everyone wants results, but no one is willing to do what it takes
to get them.
		-- Dirty Harry


	Bill had just returned from a week of honeymooning, and his best
friend asked him how it went.
	"The first night we did it nine times," Bill said.  "The second
night, eight times.  The third night, seven times.  The fourth night, six
times.  The fifth night, five times.  The sixth night, four times, and the
last night, nothing!"
	"Nothing?" his pal asked.  "How come?"
	"Hey, you ever tried putting a marshmallow in a parking meter?"


Pascal Users:
	The Pascal system will be replaced next Tuesday by Cobol.
	Please modify your programs accordingly.


Basic is a high level languish.
APL is a high level anguish.


If swimming is so good for your figure, how come whales look the
way they do?


	At a recent meeting in Snowmass, Colorado, a participant from
Los Angeles fainted from hyperoxygenation, and we had to hold his head
under the exhaust of a bus until he revived.


Eat as much as you like -- just don't swallow it.
		-- Harry Secombe's diet


If the Nazi's had television with satellite technology, we'd all be
goose-stepping.  Americans are just as suggestible.
		-- Frank Zappa


Old programmers never die, they just branch to a new address.


The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement. But the opposite
of a profound truth may well be another profound truth.
		-- Niels Bohr


There are no great men, only great challenges that
ordinary men are forced by circumstances to meet.
		-- Admiral William Halsey


Hear about...
	the over-eager bride who came, walking down the aisle?


It takes a special kind of courage to face what we all have to face.


Envy, n.:
	Wishing you'd been born with an unfair advantage,
	instead of having to try and acquire one.


I believe in an America where the separation of church and state is absolute
-- where no Catholic prelate would tell the president (should he be Catholic)
how to act, and no Protestant minister would tell his parishioners for whom
to vote -- where no church or church school is granted any public funds or
political preference -- and where no man is denied public office merely
because his religion differs from the president who might appoint him or
the people who might elect him.
		-- John F. Kennedy


They went rushing down that freeway,
Messed around and got lost.
They didn't care... they were just dying to get off,
And it was life in the fast lane.
		-- Eagles, "Life in the Fast Lane"


Never negotiate with the United States unless you have a nuclear
weapon.
		-- Former deputy defense minister of India


Mythology, n.:
	The body of a primitive people's beliefs, concerning its origin,
	early history, heroes, deities and so forth, as distinguished
	from the true accounts which it invents later.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Don't hit the keys so hard, it hurts.


I'm for bringing back the birch, but only for consenting adults.
		-- Gore Vidal


"Well, I took your advice, Doc", said Knopp,
"And told my wife to try it on top.
	She bounced for an hour,
	Till she ran out of power,
And the kids, who'd grown bored, made us stop."


An optimist is a guy that has never had much experience.
		-- Don Marquis


	"Where'd she get those crow's feet?"
	"You really want to know?"
	"Yeah."
	"From squinting and screaming, "Suck what!?"


You are confused; but this is your normal state.


Love is the only game that is not called on account of darkness.
		-- M. Hirschfield


What really shapes and conditions and makes us is somebody only a few
of us ever have the courage to face:  and that is the child you once
were, long before formal education ever got its claws into you -- that
impatient, all-demanding child who wants love and power and can't get
enough of either and who goes on raging and weeping in your spirit
till at last your eyes are closed and all the fools say, "Doesn't he
look peaceful?"  It is those pent-up, craving children who make all
the wars and all the horrors and all the art and all the beauty and
discovery in life, because they are trying to achieve what lay beyond
their grasp before they were five years old.
		-- Robertson Davies, "The Rebel Angels"


If you stick a stock of liquor in your locker,
It is slick to stick a lock upon your stock.
	Or some joker who is slicker,
	Will trick you of your liquor,
If you fail to lock your liquor with a lock.


If you just try long enough and hard enough, you can always manage to boot
yourself in the posterior.
		-- A. J. Liebling, "The Press"


Pocket pool, n.:
	Well, for guys, it's two-ball in the side pocket.
	For women, it's playing the slots.


There are three things I always forget.  Names, faces -- the third I
can't remember.
		-- Italo Svevo


Brother Jim's recent appearance on the William and Mary campus this past
week was cut short by an ingenious device designed by two computer science
students.  A three-foot bar of extruded aluminum was precisely machined,
with a hole milled down the center of precisely the dimensions of one of
the small Gideon bibles.  The end capped off, a CO2 canister was connected
to provide up to 2,000 PSIG.  Preliminary estimates during field testing
revealed a muzzle velocity of approximately 120-150 MPH for bibles exiting
the tube.  Sufficient ammunition was obtained during a previous visit to
campus by another religious organization, and the system was first used on
Brother Jim, who suffered a broken rib and numerous small bruises, in
addition to the usual humiliation.


Denver, n.:
	A smallish city located just below the "O" in Colorado.


Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes, and not rather
a new wearer of clothes.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


The father, passing through his son's college town late one evening on a
business trip, thought he would pay his boy a surprise visit.  Arriving at the
lad's fraternity house, dad rapped loudly on the door.  After several minutes
of knocking, a sleepy voice drifted down from a second-floor window,
	"Whaddaya want?"
	"Does Ramsey Duncan live here?" asked the father.
	"Yeah," replied the voice.  "Dump him on the front porch."


Bistromathics is simply a revolutionary new way of understanding the
behavior of numbers.  Just as Einstein observed that space was not an
absolute, but depended on the observer's movement in space, and that
time was not an absolute, but depended on the observer's movement in
time, so it is now realized that numbers are not absolute, but depend
on the observer's movement in restaurants.
		-- Douglas Adams, "Life, The Universe and Everything"


Send some filthy mail.


I sent a letter to the fish,		I said it very loud and clear,
I told them, "This is what I wish."	I went and shouted in his ear.
The little fishes of the sea,		But he was very stiff and proud,
They sent an answer back to me.		He said "You needn't shout so loud."
The little fishes' answer was		And he was very proud and stiff,
"We cannot do it, sir, because..."	He said "I'll go and wake them if..."
I sent a letter back to say		I took a kettle from the shelf,
It would be better to obey.		I went to wake them up myself.
But someone came to me and said		But when I found the door was locked
"The little fishes are in bed."		I pulled and pushed and kicked and
						knocked,
I said to him, and I said it plain	And when I found the door was shut,
"Then you must wake them up again."	I tried to turn the handle, But...

	"Is that all?" asked Alice.
	"That is all." said Humpty Dumpty. "Goodbye."
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


Life is like a 10 speed bicycle.  Most of us have gears we never use.
		-- C. Schultz


Rating women on the Budweiser scale; the number
of Clydesdales it would take to pull you off her.


The townspeople stood in despair as the fire that had begun in a diner
threatened to spread to adjoining homes.  Just then, a truck filled with
farm workers came speeding down a hill toward the fire.  The crowd moved
back and the truck drove right into the thickest of the flames.  The workers
jumped out and beat at the fire with their coats, miraculously bringing the
blaze under control.
	The city fathers were so grateful for the men's heroism that they
gave each a plaque and $1000.  After the ceremony, newsmen interviewed the
driver and asked him what he was going to do with the money.
	"You can be damned sure the first thing I'm gonna do," he replied,
"is get the brakes fixed on that son-of-a-bitchin' truck!"


MANAGEMENT:
	The art of getting other people to do all the work.


What you see is from outside yourself, and may come, or not, but is beyond
your control.  But your fear is yours, and yours alone, like your voice, or
your fingers, or your memory, and therefore yours to control.  If you feel
powerless over your fear, you have not yet admitted that it is yours, to do
with as you will.
		-- Marion Zimmer Bradley, "Stormqueen"


A failure will not appear until a unit has passed final inspection.


Something better...

13 (sympathetic): Oh, What happened?  Did your parents lose a bet with God?
14 (complementary): You must love the little birdies to give them this to
	perch on.
15 (scientific): Say, does that thing there influence the tides?
16 (obscure): Oh, I'd hate to see the grindstone.
17 (inquiry): When you stop to smell the flowers, are they afraid?
18 (french): Say, the pigs have refused to find any more truffles until you
	leave.
19 (pornographic): Finally, a man who can satisfy two women at once.
20 (religious): The Lord giveth and He just kept on giving, didn't He.
21 (disgusting): Say, who mows your nose hair?
22 (paranoid): Keep that guy away from my cocaine!
23 (aromatic): It must be wonderful to wake up in the morning and smell the
	coffee ... in Brazil.
24 (appreciative): Oooo, how original.  Most people just have their teeth
	capped.
25 (dirty): Your name wouldn't be Dick, would it?
		-- Steve Martin, "Roxanne"


My uncle was the town drunk -- and we lived in Chicago.
		-- George Gobel


Paster Crosstalk:	What items are specifically mentioned by GOD as being
	unclean?  Now did you know... preying birds... praying mantises...
	All birds of prey, all carrion eaters, fish eaters -- no good, can't
	eat those.  Nothing that does not have both fins and scales.  Most
	CREEPING things...
Alvarado:	How 'bout caterpillars?
P:	A caterpillar doesn't have a backbone.  Nothing without a backbone
	can get in.
A:	How do you know?  You char a caterpillar, it gets real stiff!
P:	Well, I don't think that the Lord meant us to eat CHARRED
	CATERPILLARS!
[...]
P:	The hog, the squirrel... little squirrels.  Who would want to eat
	a LITTLE SQUIRREL?
A:	If you're starving.  If you're starving in the park one day.
P:	You'd probably just CHAR 'em to get 'em stiff, wouldn't ya?
A:	No, you SINGE 'em.  You SINGE 'em and eat 'em.  *I* read about the
	Donner Pass, I know what man does when he's hungry.
P:	Squirrels eating squirrels -- my GOD, that's sick!
A:	That's sick, SURE.  But a MAN eating a squirrel -- that's (heh, heh)
	par for the course, Charlie.
		-- The Firesign Theatre


Ours is a world where people don't know what they
want and are willing to go through hell to get it.


Would you mind terribly much if I asked you to take your silly-assed
problem down the hall?


Being the #2 man in the Justice Department under Ed Meese is akin to
standing next to a lamp post infested with pigeons.
		-- unnamed Justice Department official


The problem with any unwritten law is that
you don't know where to go to erase it.
		-- Glaser and Way


How apt the poor are to be proud.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Twelfth-Night"


	A young married couple had their first child.  Their original pride
and joy slowly turned to concern however, for after a couple of years the
child had never uttered any form of speech.  They hired the best speech
therapists, doctors, psychiatrists, all to no avail.  The child simply refused
to speak.  One morning when the child was five, while the husband was reading
the paper, and the wife was feeding the dog, the little kid looks up from
his bowl and said, "My cereal's cold."
	The couple is stunned.  The man, in tears, confronts his son.  "Son,
after all these years, why have you waited so long to say something?".
	Shrugs the kid, "Everything's been okay 'til now".


Just what does "it" mean in the sentence, "What time is it?"


Accept people for what they are -- completely unacceptable.


Needs are a function of what other people have.


How is the world ruled, and how do wars start?  Diplomats tell lies to
journalists, and they believe what they read.
		-- Karl Kraus, "Aphorisms and More Aphorisms"


THEGODDESSOFTHENETHASTWISTINGFINGERSANDHERVOICEISLIKEAJAVALININTHENIGHTDUDE


Nature makes boys and girls lovely to look upon so they can be
tolerated until they acquire some sense.
		-- William Phelps


As I was passing Project MAC,
I met a Quux with seven hacks.
Every hack had seven bugs;
Every bug had seven manifestations;
Every manifestation had seven symptoms.
Symptoms, manifestations, bugs, and hacks,
How many losses at Project MAC?


The office brown-noser named Bunky
Would claim he was nobody's flunky.
	But when the chips were all down,
	His proboscis was brown,
And there hung many strands which were gunky.


Pilots should avoid using illegal drugs.
		-- AOPA's Pilot's Handbook, 1988


I'd rather push my Harley than ride a rice burner.


If Beethoven's Seventh Symphony is not by
some means abridged, it will soon fall into disuse.
		-- Philip Hale, Boston music critic, 1837


Q:	Why don't blind people skydive?
A:	It scares the dogs!

Q:	How can a blind skydiver tell when he is near the ground?
A:	The leash goes slack.


	"Well, that was a piece of cake, eh K-9?"
	"Piece of cake, Master?  Radial slice of baked confection ...
coefficient of relevance to Key of Time: zero."
		-- "Doctor Who"


I am looking for a honest man.
		-- Diogenes the Cynic


Victory uber allies!


Be careful when you bite into your hamburger.
		-- Derek Bok


An egghead is one who stands firmly on both feet,
in mid-air, on both sides of an issue.
		-- Homer Ferguson


There's no saint like a reformed sinner.


E = MC ** 2 +- 3db


You will have long and healthy life.


Second Law of Final Exams:
	In your toughest final -- for the first time all year -- the most
	distractingly attractive student in the class will sit next to you.


Paralysis through analysis.


The trouble with being poor is that it takes up all your time.


Play Rogue, visit exotic locations, meet strange creatures and kill
them.


If you don't want your dog to have bad breath, do what I do:  Pour a little
Lavoris in the toilet.
		-- Jay Leno


	On the other hand, the TCP camp also has a phrase for OSI people.
There are lots of phrases.  My favorite is `nitwit' -- and the rationale
is the Internet philosophy has always been you have extremely bright,
non-partisan researchers look at a topic, do world-class research, do
several competing implementations, have a bake-off, determine what works
best, write it down and make that the standard.
	The OSI view is entirely opposite.  You take written contributions
from a much larger community, you put the contributions in a room of
committee people with, quite honestly, vast political differences and all
with their own political axes to grind, and four years later you get
something out, usually without it ever having been implemented once.
	So the Internet perspective is implement it, make it work well,
then write it down, whereas the OSI perspective is to agree on it, write
it down, circulate it a lot and now we'll see if anyone can implement it
after it's an international standard and every vendor in the world is
committed to it.  One of those processes is backwards, and I don't think
it takes a Lucasian professor of physics at Oxford to figure out which.
		-- Marshall Rose, "The Pied Piper of OSI"


The New York Times is read by the people who run the country.  The
Washington Post is read by the people who think they run the country.
The National Enquirer is read by the people who think Elvis is alive
and running the country ...
		-- Robert J. Woodhead


An attorney was defending his client against a charge of first-degree
murder.  "Your Honor, my client is accused of stuffing his lover's
mutilated body into a suitcase and heading for the Mexican border.
Just north of Tijuana a cop spotted her hand sticking out of the
suitcase.  Now, I would like to stress that my client is *not* a
murderer.  A sloppy packer, maybe..."


	"We friends, yes?"  The shoe shine boy put on his hustling smile
and looked into the Sailor's dead, cold, undersea eyes, eyes without a
trace of warmth or lust or hate or any feeling the boy had experienced
in himself or seen in another, at once cold and intense, impersonal and
predatory.
	The Sailor leaned forward and put a finger on the boy's inner arm
at the elbow.  He spoke in his dead junky whisper.  "With veins like that,
Kid, I'd have myself a time!"
		-- William Burroughs


I have a friend whose a billionaire.  He invented Cliff's notes.  When
I asked him how he got such a great idea he said, "Well first I...
I just... to make a long story short..."
		-- Steven Wright


Just how difficult it is to write biography can be reckoned by anybody
who sits down and considers just how many people know the real truth
about his or her love affairs.
		-- Rebecca West


Have you heard of the lady named Cox
Who had a capacious old box?
	When her lover was in place
	She said, "Please turn your face.
I look like a gal, but I screw like a fox."


To lead people, you must follow behind.
		-- Lao Tsu


Nine-track tapes and seven-track tapes
And tapes without any tracks;
Stretchy tapes and snarley tapes
And tapes mixed up on the racks --
	Take hold of the tape
	And pull off the strip,
	And then you'll be sure
	Your tape drive will skip.

		-- Uncle Colonel's Cursory Rhymes


	This is where the bloodthirsty license agreement is supposed to go,
explaining that Interactive EasyFlow is a copyrighted package licensed for
use by a single person, and sternly warning you not to pirate copies of it
and explaining, in detail, the gory consequences if you do.
	We know that you are an honest person, and are not going to go around
pirating copies of Interactive EasyFlow; this is just as well with us since
we worked hard to perfect it and selling copies of it is our only method of
making anything out of all the hard work.
	If, on the other hand, you are one of those few people who do go
around pirating copies of software you probably aren't going to pay much
attention to a license agreement, bloodthirsty or not.  Just keep your doors
locked and look out for the HavenTree attack shark.
		-- License Agreement for Interactive EasyFlow


Great American Axiom:
	Some is good, more is better, too much is just right.


Relations are simply a tedious pack of people, who haven't the remotest
knowledge of how to live, nor the smallest instinct about when to die.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Importance of Being Earnest"


It gets late early out there.
		-- Yogi Berra


Brain fried -- core dumped


***** Special AI Seminar (abstract)

It has been widely recognized that AI programs require expert knowledge
in order to perform well in complex domains.  But knowledge alone is not
sufficient for some applications; wisdom is needed as well.  Accordingly,
we have developed a new approach to artificial intelligence which we call
"wisdom engineering".  As a test of our ideas, we have written IMMANUEL, a
wisdom based system for the task domain of western philosophical thought.
IMMANUEL was supplied initially with 200 wisdom units which contained wisdom
about such elementary concepts as mind, matter, being, nothingness, and so
forth.  IMMANUEL was then allowed to run freely, guided by the heuristic
rules contained in its heterarchically organized meta wisdom base.  IMMANUEL
succeeded in rediscovering most of the important philosophical ideas developed
in western culture over the course of the last 25 centuries, including those
underlying Plato's theory of government, Kant's metaphysics, Nietzsche's theory
of value, and Husserl's phenomenology.  In this seminar, we will describe
IMMANUEL's achievements and internal architecture.  We will also briefly
discuss our recent efforts to apply wisdom engineering to oil exploration.


For 20 dollars, I'll give you a good fortune next time ...


Some people pray for more than they are willing to work for.


Erogenous zone, n.:
	The skin you touch to love.


A pencil with no point needs no eraser.


War doesn't prove who's right, just who's left.


The quality of a blow-job is determined by the
length of sheet you have to pull out of your ass.


To communicate is the beginning of understanding.
		-- AT&T


A man is driving down the road on his way to Salerno.  By the roadside he
sees a man hitchhiking and stops to pick him up.  As the man gets into his
car he suddenly pulls out a gun and makes the driver get out of the car.
	"All right, buddy," says the man, "I want to you jerk off."
	"What!?" says the man, disbelievingly.
	"Go ahead, do it!" says the hitchhiker.
	So the driver masturbates, and when he is through, says, "All right,
I did what you wanted, can I go now?"
	"Nope," says the hijacker.  "Do it again."
	"Again?" the driver exclaims.  "I just did it."
	"Do it again."
	It takes a little longer this time, but he manages to come again.
Panting, he turns to his tormenter and again asks if he can leave.
	"Yes," the man replies, "but only after you've done it one more
time."
	The guy is really scared now; he's starting to sweat.  It takes him
twenty minutes, this time, but he finally comes a third time.
	"Listen, buddy, can I please leave now?"
	"Yeah," says the man, lowering his gun.  "And this is my daughter;
I want you to drive her into Salerno."


It's a good thing we don't get all the government we pay for.


Advice from an old carpenter: measure twice, saw once.


Reach into the thoughts of friends,
And find they do not know your name.
Squeeze the teddy bear too tight,
And watch the feathers burst the seams.
Touch the stained glass with your cheek,
And feel its chill upon your blood.
Hold a candle to the night,
And see the darkness bend the flame.
Tear the mask of peace from God,
And hear the roar of souls in hell.
Pluck a rose in name of love,
And watch the petals curl and wilt.
Lean upon the western wind,
And know you are alone.
		-- Dru Mims


QOTD:
	"I met her [his fiance] over lunch on Thursday.  She had a firm
	grip.  He's a lucky man."


If you can't be good, be careful.
If you can't be careful, give me a call.


	The young male race horse came from a long line of winners, and did
wonderfully in time trials.  However, in actual races he proved a little too
romantic, and could never quite bring himself to pass a mare.
	So one day the trainer went to him and told him he'd have to be
castrated.  The young horse, knowing that it was either this or the glue
factory, took it philosophically.  After all, having the operation was
almost a certain guarantee of a long and illustrious racing career.
	After a short recovery period, the horse was again run in time
trials, and found to do as well as ever.  But the first time he actually
ran in a race, he only went about ten paces, before getting a dejected look
on his face, turning around, and ambling back to the starting gates.
	"What's the matter?" asked the trainer, "you were doing great!"
	"Yeah, well how would you feel" replied the horse, "if five thousand
people took one look at you and shouted `they're off!'?"


Blame Saint Andreas -- it's all his fault.


Being popular is important.  Otherwise people might not like you.


The story of the butterfly:
	"I was in Bogota and waiting for a lady friend.  I was in love,
a long time ago.  I waited three days.  I was hungry but could not go
out for food, lest she come and I not be there to greet her.  Then, on
the third day, I heard a knock."
	"I hurried along the old passage and there, in the sunlight,
there was nothing."
	"Just," Vance Joy said, "a butterfly, flying away."
		-- Peter Carey, BLISS


=======================================================================
||								     ||
|| The FORTUNE-COOKIE program is soon to be a Major Motion Picture!  ||
||	   Watch for it at a theater near you next summer!	     ||
||								     ||
=======================================================================
	Francis Ford Coppola presents a George Lucas Production:
			"Fortune Cookie"
	Directed by Steven Spielberg.
	Starring  Harrison Ford  Bette Midler  Marlon Brando
		  Christopher Reeves  Marilyn Chambers
		  and Bob Hope as "The Waiter".
	Costumes Designed by Pierre Cardin.
	Special Effects by Timothy Leary.
	Read the Warner paperback!
	Invoke the Unix program!
	Soundtrack on XTC Records.
	In 70mm and Dolby Stereo at selected theaters and terminal
		centers.


When I came back to Dublin I was courtmartialed in my absence and sentenced
to death in my absence, so I said they could shoot me in my absence.
		-- Brendan Behan


Know how to save 5 drowning lawyers?

-- No?

GOOD!


Idiot, n.:
	A member of a large and powerful tribe whose influence in human
	affairs has always been dominant and controlling.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


I do not know myself and God forbid that I should.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Just as I cannot remember any time when I could not read and write, I
cannot remember any time when I did not exercise my imagination in
daydreams about women.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


The White Rabbit put on his spectacles.
	"Where shall I begin, please your Majesty?" he asked.
	"Begin at the beginning," the King said, very gravely,
"and go on till you come to the end: then stop."
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


If a 6600 used paper tape instead of core memory, it would use up tape
at about 30 miles/second.
		-- Grishman, Assembly Language Programming


No doubt Jack the Ripper excused himself
on the grounds that it was human nature.


...and report cards I was always afraid to show
Mama'd come to school
and as I'd sit there softly cryin'
Teacher'd say he's just not tryin'
Got a good head if he'd apply it
but you know yourself
it's always somewhere else
I'd build me a castle
with dragons and kings
and I'd ride off with them
As I stood by my window
and looked out on those
Brooklyn roads
		-- Neil Diamond, "Brooklyn Roads"


