Good night, Mrs. Calabash, wherever you are.


Washington [D.C.] is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm.
		-- John F. Kennedy


The basic menu item, in fact the ONLY menu item, would be a food unit
called the "patty," consisting of -- this would be guaranteed in
writing -- "100 percent animal matter of some kind."  All patties would
be heated up and then cooled back down in electronic devices
immediately before serving.  The Breakfast Patty would be a patty on a
bun with lettuce, tomato, onion, egg, Ba-Ko-Bits, Cheez Whiz, a Special
Sauce made by pouring ketchup out of a bottle and a little slip of
paper stating: "Inspected by Number 12".  The Lunch or Dinner Patty
would be any Breakfast Patties that didn't get sold in the morning.
The Seafood Lover's Patty would be any patties that were starting to
emit a serious aroma.  Patties that were too rank even to be Seafood
Lover's Patties would be compressed into wads and sold as "Nuggets."
		-- Dave Barry, "'Mister Mediocre' Restaurants"


The all-softening overpowering knell,
The tocsin of the soul, -- the dinner bell.
		-- Lord Byron


Q:	How can you tell if a woman is ticklish?
A:	Give her a couple of test tickles.


I'm an artist.
But it's not what I really want to do.
What I really want to do is be a shoe salesman.
I know what you're going to say --
"Dreamer!  Get your head out of the clouds."
All right!  But it's what I want to do.
Instead I have to go on painting all day long.

The world should make a place for shoe salesmen.
		-- J. Feiffer


As failures go, attempting to recall the past is like trying to grasp
the meaning of existence.  Both make one feel like a baby clutching at
a basketball: one's palms keep sliding off.
		-- Joseph Brodsky


I am very fond of the company of ladies.  I like their beauty,
I like their delicacy, I like their vivacity, and I like their silence.
		-- Samuel Johnson


What's the worst thing about being an atheist?
Noone to talk to when you're having an orgasm.


Reporter:   "How did you like school when you were growing up, Yogi?"
Yogi Berra: "Closed."


Given the choice between accomplishing something and just lying around, I'd
rather lie around.  No contest.
		-- Eric Clapton


Who does not love wine, women, and song,
Remains a fool his whole life long.
		-- Johann Heinrich Voss


Hear about...
	the 97-year-old prostitute who got herself listed in the Yellow
	Pages and now claims to be the oldest trick in the book?


Why does New Jersey have more toxic waste dumps and California have
more lawyers?

New Jersey had first choice.


It's getting uncommonly easy to kill people in large numbers, and the
first thing a principle does -- if it really is a principle -- is to
kill somebody.
		-- Dorothy Sayers


One man's folly is another man's wife.
		-- Helen Rowland


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #108

In Memphis, Tennessee, it is illegal for a woman to drive a car unless
there is a man either running or walking in front of it waving a red
flag to warn approaching motorists and pedestrians.


Notes for a ballet, "The Spell": ... Suddenly Sigmund hears the flutter of
wings, and a group of wild swans flies across the moon ... Sigmund is
astounded to see that their leader is part swan and part woman --
unfortunately, divided lengthwise.  She enchants Sigmund, who is careful
not to make any poultry jokes.
		-- Woody Allen


Money cannot buy love, nor even friendship.


	Once upon a time, there were five blind men who had the opportunity
to experience an elephant for the first time.  One approached the elephant,
and, upon encountering one of its sturdy legs, stated, "Ah, an elephant is
like a tree."  The second, after exploring the trunk, said, "No, an elephant
is like a strong hose."  The third, grasping the tail, said "Fool!  An elephant
is like a rope!"  The fourth, holding an ear, stated, "No, more like a fan."
And the fifth, leaning against the animal's side, said, "An elephant is like
a wall."  The five then began to argue loudly about who had the more accurate
perception of the elephant.
	The elephant, tiring of all this abuse, suddenly reared up and
attacked the men.  He continued to trample them until they were nothing but
bloody lumps of flesh.  Then, strolling away, the elephant remarked, "It just
goes to show that you can't depend on first impressions.  When I first saw
them I didn't think they'd be any fun at all."


If scientific reasoning were limited to the logical processes of
arithmetic, we should not get very far in our understanding of the physical
world.  One might as well attempt to grasp the game of poker entirely by
the use of the mathematics of probability.
		-- Vannevar Bush


Taxes are going up so fast, the government is likely to price itself
out of the market.


The only excuse for God is that he doesn't exist.
		-- Stendhal


Every man who has reached even his intellectual teens begins to suspect
that life is no farce; that it is not genteel comedy even; that it flowers
and fructifies on the contrary out of the profoundest tragic depths of the
essential death in which its subject's roots are plunged.  The natural
inheritance of everyone who is capable of spiritual life is an unsubdued
forest where the wolf howls and the obscene bird of night chatters.
		-- Henry James Sr., writing to his sons Henry and William


You are not permitted to kill a woman who has wronged you, but nothing
forbids you to reflect that she is growing older every minute.  You are
avenged fourteen hundred and forty times a day.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


Beware of strong drink. It can make you
shoot at tax collectors -- and miss.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough For Love"


The price of greatness is responsibility.


Fishing, with me, has always been an excuse to drink in the daytime.
		-- Jimmy Cannon


We love our little Johnny
He's the best little boy in all the world
And we wouldn't trade him for anything
That's how much we love him.
No, we couldn't live without him
So that's why, since he died,
We keep him safe in our G.E. freezer.
He's so good, so well-behaved,
Even better than before;
Oh, such a wonderful kid he is.
Alice and me, we'll never be lonely,
Never miss our little Johnny,
He'll never grow up and leave us
That's why we love him like we do.
		-- Mr. Mincemeat


Missionary Position:
	The missionary on top.


There is no fool to the old fool.
		-- John Heywood


If you try to please everyone, somebody is not going to like it.


Miss Mona:	You know what burns my ass?
Ed Earl:	What?
Miss Mona:	A flame about three feet high!
		-- Dolly Parton and Burt Reynolds,
		   "The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas"


Wedding rings are the world's smallest handcuffs.


You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.


Felt tip, v.:
	Past tense for a breast examination!


Bilbo's First Law:
	You cannot count friends that are all packed up in barrels.


We are not a clone.


Only a fool has no doubts.


Beware of a dark-haired man with a loud tie.


They're an insidious bunch, your killer pianos.  Had one get loose on me
back in '62.  It slipped out of the cables while we were lowering it out
of its twelfth story apartment, and crushed six innocents in an insane bid
for freedom.
		-- Stig's Inferno


Democracy is a device that insures we shall be governed no better than
we deserve.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


What happens when you cut back the jungle?  It recedes.


The Official MBA Handbook on doing company business on an airplane:

	Do not work openly on top-secret company cost documents unless
	you have previously ascertained that the passenger next to you
	is blind, a rock musician on mood-ameliorating drugs, or the
	unfortunate possessor of a forty-seventh chromosome.


Really??  What a coincidence, I'm shallow too!!


	Why are you doing this to me?
	Because knowledge is torture, and there must be awareness before
there is change.
		-- Jim Starlin, "Captain Marvel", #29


If you sell diamonds, you cannot expect to have many customers.
But a diamond is a diamond even if there are no customers.
		-- Swami Prabhupada


If the standard says that [things] depend on the phase of the moon,
the programmer should be prepared to look out the window as necessary.
		-- Chris Torek


Armenians and Azerbaijanis in Stepanakert, capital of the Nagorno-Karabakh
autonomous region, rioted over much needed spelling reform in the Soviet
Union.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


No, "Eureka" is Greek for "This bath is too hot."
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


	Two little kids, aged six and eight, decide it's time to learn
how to swear. So, the eight-year-old says to the six-year-old, "Okay,
you say `ass' and I'll say `hell'".
	All excited about their plan, they troop downstairs, where
their mother asks them what they'd like for breakfast.
	"Aw, hell," says the eight-year-old, "gimme some Cheerios."
His mother backhands him off the stool, sending him bawling out of the
room, and turns to the younger brother.  "What'll you have?"
	"I dunno," quavers the six-year-old, "but you can bet your ass
it ain't gonna be Cheerios."


Female ballet dancers are the bravest girls around.  Who else would take a
flying leap into the arms of a homosexual and expect to be caught?
		-- Rita Rudner


Anxiety, n.:
	The first time you can't do it a second time.

Panic, n.:
	The second time you can't do it the first time.


Motto of the Electrical Engineer:
	Working computer hardware is a lot like an erect penis: it
	stays up as long as you don't fuck with it.


Half-done, n.:
	This is the best way to eat a kosher dill -- when it's still crunchy,
	light green, yet full of garlic flavor.  The difference between this
	and the typical soggy dark green cucumber corpse is like the
	difference between life and death.

	You may find it difficult to find a good half-done kosher dill there
	in Seattle, so what you should do is take a cab out to the airport,
	fly to New York, take the JFK Express to Jay Street-Borough Hall,
	transfer to an uptown F, get off at East Broadway, walk north on
	Essex (along the park), make your first left onto Hester Street, walk
	about fifteen steps, turn ninety degrees left, and stop.  Say to the
	man, "Let me have a nice half-done."  Worth the trouble, wasn't it?
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


Jack be nimble, Jack be quick.
Jack jumped over the candle stick,
And burnt his balls.


I'll pretend to trust you if you'll pretend to trust me.


Remember that there is an outside world to see and enjoy.
		-- Hans Liepmann


Competence, like truth, beauty, and contact lenses,
is in the eye of the beholder.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


The seven eyes of Ningauble the Wizard floated back to his hood as he
reported to Fafhrd: "I have seen much, yet cannot explain all.  The Gray
Mouser is exactly twenty-five feet below the deepest cellar in the palace
of Gilpkerio Kistomerces.  Even though twenty-four parts in twenty-five of
him are dead, he is alive.
	Now about Lankhmar.  She's been invaded, her walls breached
everywhere and desperate fighting is going on in the streets, by a fierce
host which out-numbers Lankhamar's inhabitants by fifty to one -- and
equipped with all modern weapons.  Yet you can save the city."
	"How?" demanded Fafhrd.
	Ningauble shrugged.  "You're a hero.  You should know."
		-- Fritz Leiber, "The Swords of Lankhmar"


Andrea: Unhappy the land that has no heroes.
Galileo: No, unhappy the land that _n_e_e_d_s heroes.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "Life of Galileo"


They told me you had proven it		When they discovered our results
About a month before.			Their hair began to curl
The proof was valid, more or less	Instead of understanding it
But rather less than more.		We'd run the thing through PRL.

He sent them word that we would try	Don't tell a soul about all this
To pass where they had failed		For it must ever be
And after we were done, to them		A secret, kept from all the rest
The new proof would be mailed.		Between yourself and me.

My notion was to start again
Ignoring all they'd done
We quickly turned it into code
To see if it would run.


The acrobats - Tom and Louise-
Do an act in the nude on their knees.
	They crawl down the aisle
	While screwing dog-style,
As the orchestra plays Kilmer's "Trees."


If you just try long enough and hard enough, you can always manage to boot
yourself in the posterior.
		-- A. J. Liebling, "The Press"


Ditat Deus.  (God enriches.)


Bierman's Laws of Contracts:
	(1) In any given document, you can't cover all the "what if's".
	(2) Lawyers stay in business resolving all the unresolved "what if's".
	(3) Every resolved "what if" creates two unresolved "what if's".


Spirtle, n.:
	The fine stream from a grapefruit that always lands right in
	your eye.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Reclaimer, spare that tree!
Take not a single bit!
It used to point to me,
Now I'm protecting it.
It was the reader's CONS
That made it, paired by dot;
Now, GC, for the nonce,
Thou shalt reclaim it not.


The first duty of a revolutionary is to get away with it.
		-- Abbie Hoffman


There once was a man named Eugene
Who invented a screwing machine
	Concave and convex
	It served either sex
And it played with itself in between.


A Parable of Modern Research:

	Bob has lost his keys in a room which is dark except for one
brightly lit corner.
	"Why are you looking under the light, you lost them in the dark!"
	"I can only see here."


Q:	Why do mountain climbers rope themselves together?
A:	To prevent the sensible ones from going home.


====================
Inter-Dwarf Memo
To: Dwarf-list
From: Doc
Re: S. White

	If that bitch cleans one more thermometer with Ajax, I'm gonna kill
her.  I'll give her apples, nice big apples.  With surprises inside. Yeah,
surprises.


Bounders get bound when they are caught bounding.
		-- Ralph Lewin


May your Tongue stick to the Roof of your
Mouth with the Force of a Thousand Caramels.


It is better to kiss an avocado than to get in a fight with an aardvark.


The perfect lover is one who turns into a pizza at 4:00 A.M.
		-- Charles Pierce


Mediocrity finds safety in standardization.
		-- Frederick Crane


Network packets are like buses.  You wait all day, and then 3Com
along at once.


A modem is a baudy house.


Then here's to the City of Boston,
The town of the cries and the groans.
Where the Cabots can't see the Kabotschniks,
And the Lowells won't speak to the Cohns.
		-- Franklin Pierce Adams


Computer programmers do it byte by byte.


Capitalism is the extraordinary belief that the nastiest of men, for
the nastiest of reasons, will somehow work for the benefit of us all.
		-- John Maynard Keynes


If you are good, you will be assigned all the work.  If you are real
good, you will get out of it.


IBM Advanced Systems Group -- a bunch of mindless jerks,
who'll be first against the wall when the revolution comes...
		-- with regrets to Douglas Adams


Even a man who is pure at heart,
And says his prayers at night
Can become a wolf when the wolfbane blooms,
And the moon is full and bright.
		-- The Wolf Man, 1941


Your files are now being encrypted and thrown into the bit bucket.
EOF


Prope mare erat tubulator
Qui virginem ingrediebatur.
	Dessine ingressus
	Audivi progressus:
Est mihi inquit tubulator.


Moebius strippers never show you their back side.


It looks like blind screaming hedonism won out.


User hostile.


As I bit into the nectarine, it had a crisp juiciness about it that was very
pleasurable - until I realized it wasn't a nectarine at all, but A HUMAN HEAD!!
		-- Jack Handey


PL/I -- "the fatal disease" -- belongs more to the problem set than to the
solution set.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


Clone, n.:
	1. An exact duplicate, as in "our product is a clone of their
	product."  2. A shoddy, spurious copy, as in "their product
	is a clone of our product."


GENIUS:
	Person clever enough to be born in the right place at the right
	time of the right sex and to follow up this advantage by saying
	all the right things to all the right people.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(3) Peace does not mean the elimination of nuclear weapons.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


There was a little girl
Who had a little curl
Right in the middle of her forehead.
When she was good, she was very, very good
And when she was bad, she was very, very popular.
		-- Max Miller, "The Max Miller Blue Book"


Don't go to bed with no price on your head.
		-- Baretta


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #21

	Shall I compare thee to a Summer day?
	No, I guess not.


Do not overtax your powers.


ANDROPHOBIA:
	Fear of men.


But since I knew now that I could hope for nothing of greater value than
frivolous pleasures, what point was there in denying myself of them?
		-- M. Proust


Crinklaw's Observation:
	Nowadays the order of life is reversed: Sex is first enjoyed,
	marriage follows, and after marriage comes abstinence.


Long computations which yield zero are probably all for naught.


Call for Ms. Lingus, Ms. Connie Lingus...


I'd rather have a free bottle in front of me than a prefrontal lobotomy.
		-- Fred Allen

[Also attributed to S. Clay Wilson.  Ed.]


An atheist is a man with no invisible means of support.


I'd love to go out with you, but I did my own thing and now I've got
to undo it.


Oregon, n.:
	Eighty billion gallons of water with no place to go on Saturday
night.


What a man enjoys most about a woman's clothes are his fantasies of how
she would look without them.
		-- Brendan Francis


Corry's Law:
	Paper is always strongest at the perforations.


If Ricky Schroder and Gary Coleman had a fight on television with
pool cues, who would win?
	1) Ricky Schroder
	2) Gary Coleman
	3) The television viewing public
		-- David Letterman


Ain't no right way to do a wrong thing.
		-- The Mad Dogtender


Judges, as a class, display, in the matter of arranging alimony, that
reckless generosity which is found only in men who are giving away
someone else's cash.
		-- P. G. Wodehouse, "Louder and Funnier"


Potahto' Pictures Productions Presents:

	SPUD ROGERS OF THE 25TH CENTURY: Story of an Air Force potato that's
left in a rarely used chow hall for over two centuries and wakes up in a world
populated by soybean created imitations under the evil Dick Tater.  Thanks to
him, the soy-potatoes learn that being a 'tater is where it's at.  Memorable
line, "'Cause I'm just a stud spud!"

	FRIDAY THE 13TH DINER SERIES: Crazed potato who was left in a
fryer too long and was charbroiled carelessly returns to wreak havoc on
unsuspecting, would-be teen camp cooks.  Scenes include a girl being stuffed
with chives and Fleischman's Margarine and a boy served up on a side dish
with beets and dressing.  Definitely not for the squeamish, or those on
diets that are driving them crazy.

	FRIDAY THE 13TH DINER II,III,IV,V,VI: Much, much more of the same.
Except with sour cream.


To be patriotic, hate all nations but your own; to be religious, all sects
but your own; to be moral, all pretences but your own.
		-- Lionel Strachey


Scotty:	Captain, we din' can reference it!
Kirk:	Analysis, Mr. Spock?
Spock:	Captain, it doesn't appear in the symbol table.
Kirk:	Then it's of external origin?
Spock:	Affirmative.
Kirk:	Mr. Sulu, go to pass two.
Sulu:	Aye aye, sir, going to pass two.


AQUARIUS (Jan. 20 to Feb. 18)
	A friend will step forward and confide in you about your breath.  Rely
	on your outgoing personality and winning smile to get you into a lot
	of trouble.  Be relaxed, things will change.  Look for a pink slip on
	payday.  Stop wetting your bed.


QOTD:
	"Sure, I turned down a drink once.  Didn't understand the question."


Tehee quod she, and clapte the wyndow to.
		-- Geoffrey Chaucer


I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
		-- Mark Twain


Had this been an actual emergency, we would have
fled in terror, and you would not have been informed.


Ignorance is when you don't know anything and somebody finds it out.


Those parts of the system that you can hit with a hammer (not advised)
are called hardware; those program instructions that you can only curse
at are called software.
		-- Levitating Trains and Kamikaze Genes: Technological
		   Literacy for the 1990's.


Prediction is very difficult, especially of the future.
		-- Niels Bohr


Easiest Color to Solve on a Rubik's Cube:
	Black.  Simply remove all the little colored stickers on the
cube, and each of side of the cube will now be the original color of
the plastic underneath -- black.  According to the instructions, this
means the puzzle is solved.
		-- Steve Rubenstein


I've been on this lonely road so long,
Does anybody know where it goes,
I remember last time the signs pointed home,
A month ago.
		-- Carpenters, "Road Ode"


It's not against any religion to want to dispose of a pigeon.
		-- Tom Lehrer


Down by the old model T,
Where she first showed it to me.
	It was furry and black,
	And she called it a crack,
But it looked like a manhole to me.


Q:	What do you get when you cross a computer and a JAP?
A:	A computer that won't go down.


One, with God, is always a majority, but many a martyr has been burned at
the stake while the votes were being counted.
		-- Thomas B. Reed


Getting into trouble is easy.
		-- D. Winkel and F. Prosser


The ecumenical movement has reached a milestone with the agreement on the
text of the first Jewish-Catholic prayer -- one that begins "Oy vay, Maria".


You may easily play a joke on a man who likes to argue -- agree with
him.
		-- Edgar W. Howe


Envy, n.:
	Wishing you'd been born with an unfair advantage,
	instead of having to try and acquire one.


If you want to see card tricks, you have to expect to take cards.
		-- Harry Blackstone


It is your concern when your neighbor's wall is on fire.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Youth -- not a time of life but a state of mind... a predominance of
courage over timidity, of the appetite for adventure over the love of ease.
		-- Robert F. Kennedy


As I was walking down the street one dark and dreary day,
I came upon a billboard and much to my dismay,
The words were torn and tattered,
From the storm the night before,
The wind and rain had done its work and this is how it goes,

Smoke Coca-Cola cigarettes, chew Wrigleys Spearmint beer,
Ken-L-Ration dog food makes your complexion clear,
Simonize your baby in a Hershey candy bar,
And Texaco's a beauty cream that's used by every star.

Take your next vacation in a brand new Frigidaire,
Learn to play the piano in your winter underwear,
Doctors say that babies should smoke until they're three,
And people over sixty-five should bathe in Lipton tea.


Did you know that clones never use mirrors?
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


QOTD:
	"I ain't broke, but I'm badly bent."


I came; I saw; I fucked up.


Nothing matters very much, and few things matter at all.
		-- Arthur Balfour


SOCIALISM:
	You have two cows.  Give one to your neighbour.
COMMUNISM:
	You have two cows.
	Give both to the government.  The government gives you milk.
CAPITALISM:
	You sell one cow and buy a bull.
FASCISM:
	You have two cows.  Give milk to the government.
	The government sells it.
NAZISM:
	The government shoots you and takes the cows.
NEW DEALISM:
	The government shoots one cow,
	milks the other, and pours the milk down the sink.
ANARCHISM:
	Keep the cows.  Steal another one.  Shoot the government.
CONSERVATISM:
	Freeze the milk.  Embalm the cows.


See, these two penguins walked into a bar, which was really stupid, 'cause
the second one should have seen it.


The graveyards are full of indispensable men.
		-- Charles de Gaulle


Draft beer, not people


Love is blind but desire doesn't give a good goddam.
		-- James Thurber


To defend the Saigon regime is not worth one more human life.
		-- Senator Edmund Muskie


	"Then you admit confirming not denying you ever said that?"
	"NO! ... I mean Yes!  WHAT?"
	"I'll put `maybe.'"
		-- Bloom County


No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
		-- Eleanor Roosevelt


Boston State House is the hub of the Solar System.  You couldn't pry
that out of a Boston man if you had the tire of all creation
straightened out for a crowbar.
		-- O. W. Holmes


Did you hear about...
	the plastic surgeon who hung himself?


Do something unusual today.  Pay a bill.


[From an announcement of a congress of the International Ontopsychology
Association, in Rome]:

The Ontopsychological school, availing itself of new research criteria
and of a new telematic epistemology, maintains that social modes do not
spring from dialectics of territory or of class, or of consumer goods,
or of means of power, but rather from dynamic latencies capillarized in
millions of individuals in system functions which, once they have
reached the event maturation, burst forth in catastrophic phenomenology
engaging a suitable stereotype protagonist or duty marionette (general,
president, political party, etc.) to consummate the act of social
schizophrenia in mass genocide.


Programmers do it bit by bit.


Flirting is the gentle art of making a man feel pleased with himself.
		-- Helen Rowland


Everlasting peace will come to the world when the last man has slain
the last but one.
		-- Adolf Hitler


PS: This message is not intended to supply the minimum
daily requirement of serious thought.  Consult your doctor
or pharmacist, but not the one that just sent you electronic
junk mail or promises to make explicit drugs fast.
		-- taken from Norman Wilson's .sig


One thought driven home is better than three left on base.


Hear about...
	the over-eager bride who came, walking down the aisle?


Those who educate children well are more to be honored than
parents, for these only gave life, those the art of living well.
		-- Aristotle


Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes.
		-- Dr. Warren Jackson, Director, UTCS


Sex is like air. It's not important unless you aren't getting any.


This is a country where people are free to practice their religion,
regardless of race, creed, color, obesity, or number of dangling keys...


Gimme that old bisexuality,
Gimme that old bisexuality,
Gimme that old bisexuality,
'Cause it's good enough for me!

It was good for David Bowie,
It was good for David Bowie,
It was good for David Bowie,
And it's good enough for me!


A conservative is a man
with two perfectly good legs who has never learned to walk.
		-- Franklin D. Roosevelt


Without ice cream life and fame are meaningless.


Q:	What's white and crawls up your leg?
A:	Uncle Ben's Perverted Rice.


President Reagan has noted that there are too many economic
pundits and forecasters and has decided on an excess prophets tax.


I have a friend whose a billionaire.  He invented Cliff's notes.  When
I asked him how he got such a great idea he said, "Well first I...
I just... to make a long story short..."
		-- Steven Wright


The Creation of the Universe was made possible by a grant from Texas
Instruments.
		-- Credits from the PBS program "The Creation of the Universe"


Bees are very busy souls
They have no time for birth controls
And that is why in times like these
There are so many Sons of Bees.


Two peanuts were walking through the New York.  One was assaulted.


A huge Rambolike fellow walked into a tavern and took a seat in the middle of
the bar.  After downing a double in one gulp, he glared at the six men to his
right and said, "You're all no-good motherfuckers.  Anyone have a problem with
that?"
	When no one said a word, the brawny fellow ordered another whiskey,
downed it in one gulp, turned to the five men on his left and said, "You're
all cocksuckers.  Anyone have a problem with that?"
	Everybody on the left stared silently into his drink.  Suddenly, a man
on the right stood up and started walking toward the big guy.  "Hey, asshole!"
the thug bellowed.  "You got a problem with what I said?"
	"No problem at all," came the reply.  "I was just sitting at the wrong
end of the bar."


