Said a dainty young whore named Ms. Meggs,
"The men like to spread my two legs,
	Then slip in between,
	If you know what I mean,
And leave me the white of their eggs."


Scintillation is not always identification for an auric substance.


Oreo


Take care of the luxuries and the
necessities will take care of themselves.
		-- L. Long


Q:	What is green and comes in Brownies?
A:	Boy Scouts.


My soul is crushed, my spirit sore
I do not like me anymore,
I cavil, quarrel, grumble, grouse,
I ponder on the narrow house
I shudder at the thought of men
I'm due to fall in love again.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Enough Rope"


The plot was designed in a light vein that somehow became varicose.
		-- David Lardner


You can't make a program without broken egos.


An effective way to deal with predators is to taste terrible.


Got a complaint about the Internal Revenue Service?
Call the convenient toll-free "IRS Taxpayer Complaint Hot Line Number":

	1-800-AUDITME


Q:	Why was Cinderella banished from the Magic Kingdom?
A:	For sitting on Pinocchio's face and screaming, "Tell the truth!
	Tell a lie!  Tell the truth!  Tell a lie!"


Don't worry about the world coming to an end today.
It's already tomorrow in Australia.
		-- Charles Schultz


Trust your husband, adore your husband,
and get as much as you can in your own name.
		-- Joan Rivers


MONOTONY:
	Marriage to one woman at a time.


	A farm in the country side had several turkeys, it was known as the
house of seven gobbles.


Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral?
It is because we are not the person involved.
		-- Mark Twain


COMPASS [for the CDC-6000 series] is the sort of assembler
one expects from a corporation whose president codes in octal.
		-- J. N. Gray


Of all the animals, the boy is the most unmanageable.
		-- Plato


Yeah, God is dead, he laughed himself to death.


It is not doing the thing we like to do, but liking the thing we have to do,
that makes life blessed.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


You are lost in the Swamps of Despair.


ONE THING KIDS LIKE is to be tricked.  For instance, I was going to take
my little nephew to Disneyland, but instead I drove him to a burned-out
warehouse.  "Oh, oh," I said.  "Disneyland burned down."  He cried and
cried, but I think that deep down he thought it was a pretty good joke.

I started to drive over to the real Disneyland, but it was getting pretty
late.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


To generalize is to be an idiot.
		-- William Blake


I can write better than anybody who can write faster,
and I can write faster than anybody who can write better.
		-- A. J. Liebling


Go out and tell a lie that will make the whole family proud of you.
		-- Cadmus, to Pentheus, in "The Bacchae" by Euripides


Parkinson's Fifth Law:
	If there is a way to delay an important decision, the good
	bureaucracy, public or private, will find it.


What we cannot speak about we must pass over in silence.
		-- Wittgenstein


Solutions are obvious if one only has the
optical power to observe them over the horizon.
		-- K. A. Arsdall


An economist is a man who would marry
Farrah Fawcett-Majors for her money.


Since before the Earth was formed and before the sun burned hot in space,
cosmic forces of inexorable power have been working relentlessly toward
this moment in space-time -- your receiving this fortune.


Trying to be happy is like trying to build a machine for which the only
specification is that it should run noiselessly.


The Official MBA Handbook on business cards:

	Avoid overly pretentious job titles such as "Lord of the
	Realm, Defender of the Faith, Emperor of India" or "Director
	of Corporate Planning."


Life is the childhood of our immortality.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Q:	What do you call the scratches that you get when a female
	sheep bites you?
A:	Ewe nicks.


Harrison's Postulate:
For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism.


If you explain something so clearly that no
one can possibly misunderstand, someone will.


There is always one thing to remember: writers are always selling
somebody out.
		-- Joan Didion, "Slouching Towards Bethlehem"


I have a rock garden.  Last week three of them died.
		-- Richard Diran


You can't depend on the man who made the mess to clean it up.
		-- Richard M. Nixon (1952)


Why doesn't everybody leave everybody else the hell alone?
		-- Jimmy Durante


The probability of someone watching you is directly
proportional to the stupidity of your action.


Q:	Why do people who live near Niagara Falls have flat foreheads?
A:	Because every morning they wake up thinking "What *is* that noise?
	Oh, right, *of course*!


AMAZING BUT TRUE...
	If all the salmon caught in Canada in one year were laid end to
	end across the Sahara Desert, the smell would be absolutely awful.


Hear that...
	the Masters and Johnson clinic may well be the only organization
	in the world from which a man resigns when he becomes a member
	in good standing?


Extraordinary claims demand extraordinary proof.  There are many examples
of outsiders who eventually overthrew entrenched scientific orthodoxies,
but they prevailed with irrefutable data.  More often, egregious findings
that contradict well-established research turn out to be artifacts.  I have
argued that accepting psychic powers, reincarnation, "cosmic consciousness,"
and the like, would entail fundamental revisions of the foundations of
neuroscience.  Before abandoning materialist theories of mind that have paid
handsome dividends, we should insist on better evidence for psi phenomena
than presently exists, especially when neurology and psychology themselves
offer more plausible alternatives.
		-- Barry L. Beyerstein, "The Brain and Consciousness:
		   Implications for Psi Phenomena".


Sheriff Chameleotoptor sighed with an air of weary sadness, and then
turned to Doppelgutt and said 'The Senator must really have been on a
bender this time -- he left a party in Cleveland, Ohio, at 11:30 last
night, and they found his car this morning in the smokestack of a British
aircraft carrier in the Formosa Straits.'
		-- Grand Panjandrum's Special Award, 1985 Bulwer-Lytton
		   bad fiction contest.


Using TSO is like kicking a dead whale down the beach.
		-- S. C. Johnson


QOTD:
	"I drive my car quietly, for it goes without saying."


The only real advantage to punk music is that nobody can whistle it.


Your friends will know you better in the first minute you
meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.
		-- Richard Bach, "Illusions"


OPTIMIST:
	A man who makes a motel reservation before a blind date.


Re: Graphics:
	A picture is worth 10K words -- but only those to describe
	the picture.  Hardly any sets of 10K words can be adequately
	described with pictures.


If sarcasm were posted on Usenet, would anybody notice?
		-- James Nicoll


The church saves sinners, but science seeks to stop their manufacture.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


And so it goes.  It is humiliating, when you should know better, to become
victim of the timeless story of the little brown dog running across the
freight yard, crossing all the railroad tracks until a switch engine nipped
off the end of his tail between wheel and rail.  The little dog yelped, and
he spun so quickly to check himself out that the next wheel chopped through
his little brown neck.  The moral is, of course, never lose your head over
a piece of tail.
		-- John D. MacDonald, "The Scarlet Ruse"


Alcohol, hashish, prussic acid, strychnine are weak dilutions.
The surest poison is time.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Society and Solitude"


Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness consists in
the ability to stick to one thing till it gets there.
		-- Josh Billings


Berkeley had what we called "copycenter," which is "take it down
to the copy center and make as many copies as you want."
		-- Kirk McKusick


A fox is wolf who sends flowers.
		-- Ruth Weston


Whatever it is, I fear Greeks even when they bring gifts.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)


The meek don't want it.


There was a little girl
Who had a little curl
Right in the middle of her forehead.
When she was good, she was very, very good
And when she was bad, she was very, very popular.
		-- Max Miller, "The Max Miller Blue Book"


Psychotherapy is the theory that the patient will probably get well
anyhow and is certainly a damn fool.
		-- H. L. Mencken


I went to the museum where they had all the heads and arms from the
statues that are in all the other museums.
		-- Steven Wright


The fortune program is supported, in part, by user contributions
and by a major grant from the National Endowment for the Inanities.


	A Mexican and a Texan worked together for a construction firm, and,
while they were good friends, they had a friendly rivalry over whose wife
was the better cook.  One weekend, as the Texan's wife was out of town, the
Mexican invited the Texan to have supper with his family.
	The Texan accepted, and that evening sat down to some the best stew
that he had ever eaten.
	"Damn!  That stew is fantastic!" he exclaimed to his host.  "What
kind of meat is it?"
	"Rabbeet stew," replied the Mexican.
	"Rabbit?" replied the Texan. "There aren't any rabbits around here."
	"Si, my freend, the rabbeets make the beeg noise, and I shoot theem."
	"Rabbits don't make any noise..."
	"Si, my freend, they say meeyow, meeyow!"


I couldn't remember when I had been so disappointed.  Except perhaps the
time I found out that M&Ms really DO melt in your hand.
		-- Peter Oakley


Sometimes I wonder if I'm in my right mind.
Then it passes off and I'm as intelligent as ever.
		-- Samuel Beckett, "Endgame"


The human mind treats a new idea the way the
body treats a strange protein: it rejects it.
		-- P. Medawar


Ever Onward!  Ever Onward!
That's the sprit that has brought us fame.
We're big but bigger we will be,
We can't fail for all can see, that to serve humanity
Has been our aim.
Our products now are known in every zone.
Our reputation sparkles like a gem.
We've fought our way thru
And new fields we're sure to conquer, too
For the Ever Onward IBM!
		-- Ever Onward, from the 1940 IBM Songbook


It is said that the lonely eagle flies to the mountain peaks while the
lowly ant crawls the ground, but cannot the soul of the ant soar as
high as the eagle?


The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness.
		-- John Muir


I don't need no arms around me...
I don't need no drugs to calm me...
I have seen the writing on the wall.
Don't think I need anything at all.
No!  Don't think I need anything at all!
All in all, it was all just bricks in the wall.
All in all, it was all just bricks in the wall.
		-- Pink Floyd, "Another Brick in the Wall", Part III


When forecasting, give them a number
or give them a date, but never both.


I can't seem to bring myself to say, "Well, I guess I'll be toddling along."
It isn't that I can't toddle.  It's that I can't guess I'll toddle.
		-- Robert Benchley


Meester, do you vant to buy a duck?


There are two ways of disliking art.
One is to dislike it.
The other is to like it rationally.
		-- Oscar Wilde


You know the Norplant thing?  It's a new birth control device for women.
It's a cartridge, that goes in your arm.  Well, they're coming out with
a new one for men: it's a brain, that goes in your head.


There appears to be irrefutable evidence that
the mere fact of overcrowding induces violence.
		-- Harvey Wheeler


A genius is a queer who can whistle while he works.
		-- Bobby Knight


For three days after death hair and fingernails
continue to grow, but phone calls taper off.
		-- Johnny Carson


Excellent day to have a rotten day.


Remembering is for those who have forgotten.
		-- Chinese proverb


panic: can't find /


He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.
		-- Lao Tsu


Just what does "it" mean in the sentence, "What time is it?"


We have lingered long enough on the shores of the Cosmic Ocean.
		-- Carl Sagan


Do not despair of life.  You have no doubt force enough to overcome
your obstacles.  Think of the fox prowling through wood and field in
a winter night for something to satisfy his hunger.  Notwithstanding
cold and hounds and traps, his race survives.  I do not believe any
of them ever committed suicide.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


I wonder what the leash and collar set does for excitement?
		-- Tramp, "Lady and the Tramp"


If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward,
then we are a sorry lot indeed.
		-- Albert Einstein


They finally got King Midas, I hear.  Gild by association.


If ever you want to touch the hand and the heart of God Almighty, you can
do it through the body of someone you love.  Anytime.  Anywhere.  Without
no middleman.
		-- Theodore Sturgeon, "Godbody"


Well, I don't know where they come from but they sure do come,
I hope they comin' for me!
And I don't know how they do it but they sure do it good,
I hope they doin' it for free!
They give me cat scratch fever... cat scratch fever!
First time that I got it I was just ten years old,
Got it from the kitty next door...
I went to see the doctor and he gave me the cure,
I think I got it some more!
Got a bad scratch fever...
		-- Ted Nugent, "Cat Scratch Fever"


The only thing faster than the speed of light is shit flowing downhill.
		-- Mike O'Dell


The world wants to be deceived.
		-- Sebastian Brant


Patience is a minor form of despair, disguised as virtue.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, on qualifiers


Booze is the answer.  I don't remember the question.


Water?  Never touch the stuff!  Fish fuck in it.
		-- W. C. Fields


He is no lawyer who cannot take two sides.


	The other day my girlfriend and I were going to a party and on the
way there, we got a flat tire.  We got out of the car and I pumped, she
jacked I pumped, she jacked, I pumped, she jacked and then we changed the
tire.  Eventually we arrived at the party and when we walked in, everyone was
jumping for joy.  What a sight seeing her hanging nude from the chandelier!
Well the party was OK, I guess, we just sat around drinking sherry and eating
candy.  Everybody else started feeling merry.  Those have got to be the three
wildest girls I know.


Be careful how you get yourself involved with persons or
situations that can't bear inspection.


Jane and I got mixed up with a television show -- or as we call it back
east here: TV -- a clever contraction derived from the words Terrible
Vaudeville. However, it is our latest medium -- we call it a medium
because nothing's well done. It was discovered, I suppose you've heard,
by a man named Fulton Berle, and it has already revolutionized social
grace by cutting down parlour conversation to two sentences: "What's on
television?" and "Good night".
		-- Goodman Ace, letter to Groucho Marx, in The Groucho
		   Letters, 1967


Please don't put a strain on our friendship
by asking me to do something for you.


Never laugh at live dragons.
		-- Bilbo Baggins, "The Hobbit"


Howe's Law:
	Everyone has a scheme that will not work.


Santa Claus wears a red suit
He's a Communist.

He has long hair and a beard
Must be a pacifist.

And what's in the pipe that he's smoking?

Santa Claus comes in your house at night.
He must be a dope fiend to get you up tight.

Why do police guys beat on peace guys?
		-- Arlo Guthrie, "The Pause of Mr. Claus"


Kludge, n.:
	An ill-assorted collection of poorly-matching parts, forming a
	distressing whole.
		-- Jackson Granholm, "Datamation"


If you MUST get married, it is always advisable to marry beauty.
Otherwise, you'll never find anybody to take her off your hands.


If God lived on Earth, people would knock out all His windows.
		-- Yiddish saying


Somebody left the cork out of my lunch.
		-- W. C. Fields


Q:	How was Thomas J. Watson buried?
A:	9 edge down.


Armenians and Azerbaijanis in Stepanakert, capital of the Nagorno-Karabakh
autonomous region, rioted over much needed spelling reform in the Soviet
Union.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


As Will Rogers would have said,
"There is no such things as a free variable."


$3,000,000


All jobs should be open to everybody, unless they actually require a
penis or a vagina.
		-- Florynce Kennedy

There are really not many jobs that actually require a penis
or a vagina, and all other occupations should be open to everyone.
		-- Gloria Steinem


X windows:
	We will dump no core before its time.
	One good crash deserves another.
	A bad idea whose time has come.  And gone.
	We make excuses.
	It didn't even look good on paper.
	You laugh now, but you'll be laughing harder later!
	A new concept in abuser interfaces.
	How can something get so bad, so quickly?
	It could happen to you.
	The art of incompetence.
	You have nothing to lose but your lunch.
	When uselessness just isn't enough.
	More than a mere hindrance.  It's a whole new barrier!
	When you can't afford to be right.
	And you thought we couldn't make it worse.

If it works, it isn't X windows.


They also serve who only stand and wait.
		-- John Milton


CONSULTANT:
	An ordinary man a long way from home.


The man who runs may fight again.
		-- Menander


I opened the drawer of my little desk and a single letter fell out, a
letter from my mother, written in pencil, one of her last, with unfinished
words and an implicit sense of her departure.  It's so curious: one can
resist tears and "behave" very well in the hardest hours of grief.  But
then someone makes you a friendly sign behind a window... or one notices
that a flower that was in bud only yesterday has suddenly blossomed... or
a letter slips from a drawer... and everything collapses.
		-- Letters From Colette


A man without a woman is like a statue without pigeons.


There are four boxes to be used in defense of liberty: soap, ballot,
jury, and ammo. Please use in that order.
		-- Ed Howdershelt


Madam, there's no such thing as a tough child --
if you parboil them first for seven hours, they always come out tender.
		-- W. C. Fields


Q:	What do you get when you cross James Dean with Ronald Reagan?
A:	A rebel without a clue.


Hackers do it with bugs.


	"Well, that was a piece of cake, eh K-9?"
	"Piece of cake, Master?  Radial slice of baked confection ...
coefficient of relevance to Key of Time: zero."
		-- "Doctor Who"


The only real advantage to punk music is that nobody can whistle it.


The second best policy is dishonesty.


Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend: and inside a dog,
it's too dark to read.
		-- Groucho Marx


Why is the alphabet in that order?  Is it because of that song?
		-- Steven Wright


It is not a good omen when goldfish commit suicide.


A team effort is a lot of people doing what I say.
		-- Michael Winner, British film director


Real Users find the one combination of bizarre input values that shuts
down the system for days.


Unix programmers do it with pipes.


I want to marry a girl just like the girl that married dear old dad.
		-- Freud


Though a program be but three lines long, someday it will have to
be maintained.
		-- The Tao of Programming


I tell ya, I knew my morning wasn't going right.   When I put on my shirt
the button fell off, when I picked up my briefcase, the handle fell off,
I tell ya, I was afraid to go to the bathroom.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


We were young and our happiness dazzled us with its strength.  But there was
also a terrible betrayal that lay within me like a Merle Haggard song at a
French restaurant. [...]
	I could not tell the girl about the woman of the tollway, of her milk
white BMW and her Jordache smile.  There had been a fight.  I had punched her
boyfriend, who fought the mechanical bulls.  Everyone told him, "You ride the
bull, senor.  You do not fight it."  But he was lean and tough like a bad
rib-eye and he fought the bull.  And then he fought me.  And when we finished
there were no winners, just men doing what men must do. [...]
	"Stop the car," the girl said.
	There was a look of terrible sadness in her eyes.  She knew about the
woman of the tollway.  I knew not how.  I started to speak, but she raised an
arm and spoke with a quiet and peace I will never forget.
	"I do not ask for whom's the tollway belle," she said, "the tollway
belle's for thee."
	The next morning our youth was a memory, and our happiness was a lie.
Life is like a bad margarita with good tequila, I thought as I poured whiskey
onto my granola and faced a new day.
		-- Peter Applebome, International Imitation Hemingway
		   Competition


For fast-acting relief, try slowing down.


Quality Control, n.:
	The process of testing one out of every 1,000 units coming off
a production line to make sure that at least one out of 100 works.


It's later than you think, the joint
Russian-American space mission has already begun.


Dear Ms. Postnews:
	I couldn't get mail through to somebody on another site.  What
	should I do?
		-- Eager Beaver

Dear Eager:
	No problem, just post your message to a group that a lot of people
read.  Say, "This is for John Smith.  I couldn't get mail through so I'm
posting it.  All others please ignore."
	This way tens of thousands of people will spend a few seconds scanning
over and ignoring your article, using up over 16 man-hours their collective
time, but you will be saved the terrible trouble of checking through usenet
maps or looking for alternate routes.  Just think, if you couldn't distribute
your message to 9000 other computers, you might actually have to (gasp) call
directory assistance for 60 cents, or even phone the person.  This can cost
as much as a few DOLLARS (!) for a 5 minute call!
	And certainly it's better to spend 10 to 20 dollars of other people's
money distributing the message than for you to have to waste $9 on an overnight
letter, or even 25 cents on a stamp!
	Don't forget.  The world will end if your message doesn't get through,
so post it as many places as you can.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"Let the programmer be many and the managers few -- then all will
	be productive."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


... C++ offers even more flexible control over the visibility of member
objects and member functions.  Specifically, members may be placed in the
public, private, or protected parts of a class.  Members declared in the
public parts are visible to all clients; members declared in the private
parts are fully encapsulated; and members declared in the protected parts
are visible only to the class itself and its subclasses.  C++ also supports
the notion of *friends*: cooperative classes that are permitted to see each
other's private parts.
		-- Grady Booch, "Object Oriented Design with Applications"


When you don't know what you are doing, do it neatly.


At no time is freedom of speech more precious than when a man hits his
thumb with a hammer.
		-- Marshall Lumsden


Ernest asks Frank how long he has been working for the company.
	"Ever since they threatened to fire me."


You can grovel with a lover, you can grovel with a friend,
You can grovel with your boss, and it never has to end.

(chorus)	Grovel, grovel, grovel, every night and every day,
		Grovel, grovel, grovel, in your own peculiar way.

You can grovel in a hallway, you can grovel in a park,
You can grovel in an alley with a mugger after dark.
(chorus)

You can grovel with your uncle, you can grovel with your aunt,
You can grovel with your Apple, even though you say you can't.
(chorus)


A grammarian's life is always intense.


Performance:
	A statement of the speed at which a computer system works.  Or
	rather, might work under certain circumstances.  Or was rumored
	to be working over in Jersey about a month ago.


Laws of Computer Programming:
	1. Any given program, when running, is obsolete.
	2. Any given program costs more and takes longer.
	3. If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.
	4. If a program is useless, it will have to be documented.
	5. Any given program will expand to fill all available memory.
	6. The value of a program is proportional the weight of its output.
	7. Program complexity grows until it exceeds the capability of
		the programmer who must maintain it.


How do I love thee?  My accumulator overflows.


So... how come the Corinthians never wrote back?


Remember, God could only create the world in 6 days because he didn't
have an established user base.


Every program is a part of some other program, and rarely fits.


Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Hear about...
	the San Franciscan who backed off the bus because he thought
	someone would grab his seat?


The husband who doesn't tell his wife everything probably reasons
that what she doesn't know won't hurt him.
		-- Leo J. Burke


A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single
man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral.
		-- Antoine de Saint-Exupery


