Experience is that marvelous thing that enables
you recognize a mistake when you make it again.
		-- Franklin Jones


Hear about...
	the young lady attacked in San Francisco?
	By two men, one held her down while the other one did her hair.


A tall, dark stranger will have more fun than you.


You scratch my tape, and I'll scratch yours.


You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.


The grass is always greener on the other side of your sunglasses.


If the colleges were better, if they really had it, you would need to get
the police at the gates to keep order in the inrushing multitude.  See in
college how we thwart the natural love of learning by leaving the natural
method of teaching what each wishes to learn, and insisting that you shall
learn what you have no taste or capacity for.  The college, which should
be a place of delightful labor, is made odious and unhealthy, and the
young men are tempted to frivolous amusements to rally their jaded spirits.
I would have the studies elective.  Scholarship is to be created not
by compulsion, but by awakening a pure interest in knowledge.  The wise
instructor accomplishes this by opening to his pupils precisely the
attractions the study has for himself.  The marking is a system for schools,
not for the college; for boys, not for men; and it is an ungracious work to
put on a professor.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Q:	How does a girl know she's sleeping with a Computer Scientist?
A:	It isn't hard.


All of the true things I am about to tell you are shameless lies.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., "The Book of Bokonon"


Always try to do things in chronological order; it's less confusing
that way.


Don't kid yourself.  Little is relevant, and nothing lasts forever.


It's reassuring to know that if you behave strangely enough,
society will take full responsibility for you.


Hartley's First Law:
	You can lead a horse to water, but if you can
	get him to float on his back, you've got something.


Of course, I speak of nothing else but that classic of understated yet wildly
exciting eroticism, "The Windflower," by Laura London.  Ms. London is the
author of such other philosophical block-busters as "Bad Baron's Daughter,"
"A Heart Too Proud," "Moonlight Mist," and most thigh-warming of all, "Gypsy
Heiress".  Well, glasses-steaming scenes are to be found on every page, to
an extent which overwhelms Your Humble Narrator, and so, in order to save
himself extreme embarrassment, he brings you... the blurb:

	"Every lady of breeding knows: no one has a good time on a pirate
ship.  No one, that is, but the pirates.  Yet there she was, Merry Wilding
-- kidnapped in error, taken from a ship bound from New York to England,
spirited away in a barrel and swept aboard the infamous "Black Joke"...
There she was, trembling with pleasure in the arms of her achingly handsome,
sensationally sensual, golden-haired captor -- Devon."


God may be subtle, but He isn't plain mean.
		-- Albert Einstein


France is a country where the money falls apart and you can't tear
the toilet paper.
		-- Billy Wilder


Code rot -- mostly caused by people redefining "fresh".
		-- Wes Peters


God is an atheist.


The polite thing to do has always been to address people as they wish to be
addressed, to treat them in a way they think dignified.  But it is equally
important to accept and tolerate different standards of courtesy, not
expecting everyone else to adapt to one's own preferences.  Only then can
we hope to restore the insult to its proper social function of expressing
true distaste.
		-- Judith Martin, "Miss Manners' Guide to Excruciatingly
		   Correct Behavior"


He who knows, does not speak.  He who speaks, does not know.
		-- Lao Tsu


Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants.
		-- General Omar N. Bradley


Dear Lord:
	I just want *_o_n_e* one-armed manager so I never have to hear "On
the other hand", again.


INNUENDO:
	Italian enema.


'Martyrdom' is the only way a person can become famous without ability.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Unitarians pray "To whom it may concern".


Lipstick on your dipstick told a tale on you,
Lipstick on your dipstick said you were untrue.
Bet your bottom dollar you and I are through,
'Cause lipstick on your dipstick told a tale on you.
		-- To the tune of "Lipstick On Your Collar"


Serocki's Stricture:
	Marriage is always a bachelor's last option.


Have you heard of knock-kneed Samuel McGuzzum
Who married Samantha, his bow-legged cousin?
	Some people say,
	Love finds a way,
But for Sam and Samantha it doesn'.


LET Jesus be YOUR anchor!

So when Satan rocks your boat, THROW Jesus overboard!


Man-hour, n.:
	A sexist, obsolete measure of macho effort, equal to 60 Kiplings.


The only certainty is that nothing is certain.
		-- Pliny the Elder


Sweater, n.:
	A garment worn by a child when its mother feels chilly.


Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	You wouldn't understand.
	You ask too many questions.
	In order to be a man, you have to learn to follow orders.
	That's for me to know and you to find out.
	Don't let those bullies push you around.  Go in there and stick
		up for yourself.
	You're acting too big for your britches.
	Well, you broke it.  Now are you satisfied?
	Wait till your father gets home.
	Bored?  If you're bored, I've got some chores for you.
	Shape up or ship out.


Reality is just a crutch for people who can't handle science fiction.


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #7:

Q:  What happened then?
A:  He told me, he says, "I have to kill you because you can identify
    me."
Q:  Did he kill you?
A:  No.


Q:	Why do women love Pacman?
A:	Only place you can get eaten three times for a quarter.


The horror... the horror!


There can be no daily democracy without daily citizenship.
		-- Ralph Nader


A non-vegetarian anti-abortionist is a contradiction in terms.
		-- Phyllis Schlafly


A method of solution is perfect if we can foresee from the start,
and even prove, that following that method we shall attain our aim.
		-- Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz


If today is the first day of the rest of your life, what the hell was
yesterday?


Old Grandad is dead but his spirits live on.


In Lexington, Kentucky, it's illegal to carry an ice cream cone in your
pocket.


Nothing is as simple as it seems at first
	Or as hopeless as it seems in the middle
		Or as finished as it seems in the end.


You don't have to think too hard when you talk to teachers.
		-- J. D. Salinger


The mirror sees the man as beautiful, the mirror loves the man; another
mirror sees the man as frightful and hates him; and it is always the same
being who produces the impressions.
		-- Marquis D. A. F. de Sade


A gift of a flower will soon be made to you.


Whom the gods wish to destroy they first call promising.


But, for my own part, it was Greek to me.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"


If you keep anything long enough, you can throw it away.


God helps them that helps themselves.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


CHRISTIAN:
	One who follows the teachings of Christ in so far
	as they are not inconsistent with a life of sin.


	Eugene d'Albert, a noted German composer, was married six times.
At an evening reception which he attended with his fifth wife shortly
after their wedding, he presented the lady to a friend who said politely,
"Congratulations, Herr d'Albert; you have rarely introduced me to so
charming a wife."


Mother is far too clever to understand anything she does not like.
		-- Arnold Bennett


You can't have everything.  Where would you put it?
		-- Steven Wright


He played the king as if afraid someone else would play the ace.
		-- John Mason Brown, drama critic


You attempt things that you do not even plan
because of your extreme stupidity.


Q:	How many pre-med's does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	Five:  One to change the bulb and four to pull the ladder
	out from under him.


As many of you know, I am taking a class here at UNC on Personality.
One of the tests to determine personality in our book was so incredibly
useful and interesting, I just had to share it.

Answer each of the following items "true" or "false"

 1. I salivate at the sight of mittens.
 2. If I go into the street, I'm apt to be bitten by a horse.
 3. Some people never look at me.
 4. Spinach makes me feel alone.
 5. My sex life is A-okay.
 6. When I look down from a high spot, I want to spit.
 7. I like to kill mosquitoes.
 8. Cousins are not to be trusted.
 9. It makes me embarrassed to fall down.
10. I get nauseous from too much roller skating.
11. I think most people would cry to gain a point.
12. I cannot read or write.
13. I am bored by thoughts of death.
14. I become homicidal when people try to reason with me.
15. I would enjoy the work of a chicken flicker.
16. I am never startled by a fish.
17. My mother's uncle was a good man.
18. I don't like it when somebody is rotten.
19. People who break the law are wise guys.
20. I have never gone to pieces over the weekend.


The people sensible enough to give
good advice are usually sensible enough to give none.


Dyslexics have more fnu.


	The Magician of the Ivory Tower brought his latest invention for the
master programmer to examine.  The magician wheeled a large black box into the
master's office while the master waited in silence.
	"This is an integrated, distributed, general-purpose workstation,"
began the magician, "ergonomically designed with a proprietary operating
system, sixth generation languages, and multiple state of the art user
interfaces.  It took my assistants several hundred man years to construct.
Is it not amazing?"
	The master raised his eyebrows slightly. "It is indeed amazing," he
said.
	"Corporate Headquarters has commanded," continued the magician, "that
everyone use this workstation as a platform for new programs.  Do you agree
to this?"
	"Certainly," replied the master, "I will have it transported to the
data center immediately!"  And the magician returned to his tower, well
pleased.
	Several days later, a novice wandered into the office of the master
programmer and said, "I cannot find the listing for my new program.  Do
you know where it might be?"
	"Yes," replied the master, "the listings are stacked on the platform
in the data center."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


The value of a program is proportional to the weight of its output.


Dimensions will always be expressed in the least usable term, convertible
only through the use of weird and unnatural conversion factors.  Velocity,
for example, will be expressed in furlongs per fortnight.


Marriage is the waste-paper basket of the emotions.


If you keep your mind sufficiently open, people will throw a lot of
rubbish into it.
		-- William Orton


To be who one is, is not to be someone else.


Any programming language is at its best before it is implemented and used.


It has long been noticed that juries are pitiless for robbery and full of
indulgence for infanticide.  A question of interest, my dear Sir!  The jury
is afraid of being robbed and has passed the age when it could be a victim
of infanticide.
		-- Edmond About


QOTD:
	"Say, you look pretty athletic.  What say we put a pair of tennis
	shoes on you and run you into the wall?"


101 USES FOR A DEAD MICROPROCESSOR
	(1)  Scarecrow for centipedes
	(2)  Dead cat brush
	(3)  Hair barrettes
	(4)  Cleats
	(5)  Self-piercing earrings
	(6)  Fungus trellis
	(7)  False eyelashes
	(8)  Prosthetic dog claws
	.
	.
	.
	(99)  Window garden harrow (pulled behind Tonka tractors)
	(100) Killer velcro
	(101) Currency


Mr. Rection, Mr. Hugh G. Rection, please pick up a white courtesy telephone!


You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.


HOW TO REMOVE STAINS -- #28
	Semen stains can be removed from computer terminals with
	Fantastik or the like.  Use Windex on the glass however, and
	be sure to turn the power off if you have to clean between
	the keys.


Hear about...
	the guy who couldn't find his way to the orgy?  Just kind of lost
	his ball bearings.


	"Heard you were moving your piano, so I came over to help."
	"Thanks.  Got it upstairs already."
	"Do it alone?"
	"Nope.  Hitched the cat to it."
	"How would that help?"
	"Used a whip."


The wages of sin are death; but after they're done taking out taxes,
it's just a tired feeling.


Politics is the ability to foretell what is going to happen tomorrow, next
week, next month and next year.  And to have the ability afterwards to
explain why it didn't happen.
		-- Winston Churchill


I trust the first lion he meets will do his duty.
		-- J. P. Morgan on Teddy Roosevelt's safari


I come from a small town whose population never changed.  Each time
a woman got pregnant, someone left town.
		-- Michael Prichard


Ten persons who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent.
		-- Napoleon I


Every man has his price.  Mine is $3.95.


Eat the rich, the poor are tough and stringy.


You might have mail.


A man's gotta know his limitations.
		-- Clint Eastwood, "Dirty Harry"


If only Dionysus were alive!  Where would he eat?
		-- Woody Allen


People say I live in my own little fantasy world... well, at least they
*know* me there!
		-- D. L. Roth


Sensible and responsible women do not want to vote.
		-- Grover Cleveland (1905)


Spare no expense to save money on this one.
		-- Samuel Goldwyn


I'll learn to play the Saxophone,
I play just what I feel.
Drink Scotch whisky all night long,
And die behind the wheel.
They got a name for the winners in the world,
I want a name when I lose.
They call Alabama the Crimson Tide,
Call me Deacon Blues.
		-- Becker and Fagan, "Deacon Blues"


There is a limit to the admiration we may hold for a man who spends
his waking hours poking the contents of chickens with a stick.
		-- Tom Robbins, "Jitterbug Perfume"


If built in great numbers, motels will be used for nothing
but illegal purposes.
		-- J. Edgar Hoover


Look, we play the Star Spangled Banner before every game.  You want us
to pay income taxes, too?
		-- Bill Veeck, Chicago White Sox


... So the documentary-makers stick with sharks.  Generally, their
procedure is to scatter bleeding fish pieces around their boat, so as
to infest the waters.  I would estimate that the primary food source of
sharks today is bleeding fish pieces scattered by people making
documentaries.  Once the sharks arrive, they are generally fairly
listless.  The general shark attitude seems to be: "Oh God, another
documentary."  So the divers have to somehow goad them into attacking,
under the guise of Scientific Research.  "We know very little about the
effect of electricity on sharks," the narrator will say, in a deeply
scientific voice.  "That is why Todd is going to jab this Great White
in the testicles with a cattle prod."  The divers keep this kind of
thing up until the shark finally gets irritated and snaps at them, and
then they act as though this was a totally unexpected and very
dangerous development, although clearly it is what they wanted all along.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wonders of Sharks on TV"


Conflicting research paradigms
Have legitimized various crimes.
	The worst we can see
	Is in psychology,
Measuring reaction times.


QOTD:
	"Say, you look pretty athletic.  What say we put a pair of tennis
	shoes on you and run you into the wall?"


