I have that old biological urge,
I have that old irresistible surge,
I'm hungry.


I am not a crook.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


What a bonanza!  An unknown beginner to be directed by Lubitsch, in a script
by Wilder and Brackett, and to play with Paramount's two superstars, Gary
Cooper and Claudette Colbert, and to be beaten up by both of them!
		-- David Niven, "Bring On the Empty Horses"


I didn't do it! Nobody saw me do it! Can't prove anything!
		-- Bart Simpson


I hope you're not pretending to be evil while
secretly being good.  That would be dishonest.


Humans are communications junkies.  We just can't get enough.
		-- Alan Kay


DeVries' Dilemma:
	If you hit two keys on the typewriter,
	the one you don't want hits the paper.


What is the sound of one hand clapping?


He is not only dull himself, he is the cause of dullness in others.
		-- Samuel Johnson


Six days after the Creation, Adam was still alone in the Garden of
Eden, and getting pretty desperate. "God!" he cried, "rescue me from
loneliness and despair!  Send some company for Your sake!"

God replied "OK, I have just the thing. Keep you warm and relaxed all
the days of your life.  Never complains.  Looks up to you in every way.
It'll cost you though".

"Sounds ideal" said Adam. "The society of the beasts of the field and
the birds of the air palls after a while.  What's the price?"

"An arm and a leg", said God.

Adam thought about it for a bit and finally sighed.  "So, what can I get
for a rib?"


When one woman was asked how long she had been going to symphony concerts,
she paused to calculate and replied, "Forty-seven years -- and I find I mind
it less and less."
		-- Louise Andrews Kent


Although golf was originally restricted to wealthy, overweight
Protestants, today it's open to anybody who owns hideous clothing.
		-- Dave Barry


I am returning this otherwise good typing paper to you because someone
has printed gibberish all over it and put your name at the top.
		-- Professor Lowd, English, Ohio University


Walters' Rule:
	All airline flights depart from the gates most distant from
	the center of the terminal.  Nobody ever had a reservation
	on a plane that left Gate 1.


CAPRICORN (Dec 23 - Jan 19)
	You are conservative and afraid of taking risks.  You don't do
	much of anything and are lazy.  There has never been a Capricorn
	of any importance.  Capricorns should avoid standing still for
	too long as they tend to take root and become trees.


Advice to young men: Be ascetic, and if you can't be ascetic,
then at least be aseptic.


If you put garbage in a computer nothing comes out but garbage.  But
this garbage, having passed through a very expensive machine, is
somehow ennobled and none dare criticize it.


Thinking you know something is a sure way to blind yourself.
		-- Frank Herbert, "Chapterhouse: Dune"


People who go to conferences are the ones who shouldn't.


Of course you can't flap your arms and fly to the moon.
After awhile you'd run out of air to push against.


All things being equal, you are bound to lose.


Anxious after the delay, Gruber doesn't waste any time getting the Koenig
[a modified Porsche] up to speed, and almost immediately we are blowing off
Alfas, Fiats, and Lancias full of excited Italians.  These people love fast
cars.  But they love sport too and no passing encounter goes unchallenged.
Nothing serious, just two wheels into your lane as you're bearing down on
them at 130-plus -- to see if you're paying attention.
		-- Road & Track article about driving two absurdly fast
		   cars across Europe.


The greatest productive force is human selfishness.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


Don't be overly suspicious where it's not warranted.


John the Baptist after poisoning a thief,
Looks up at his hero, the Commander-in-Chief,
Saying tell me great leader, but please make it brief
Is there a hole for me to get sick in?
The Commander-in-Chief answers him while chasing a fly,
Saying death to all those who would whimper and cry.
And dropping a barbell he points to the sky,
Saying the sun is not yellow, it's chicken.
		-- Bob Dylan, "Tombstone Blues"


Dying is easy.  Comedy is difficult.
		-- Actor Edmond Gween, on his deathbed


All other things being equal, a bald man cannot be elected President of
the United States.
		-- Vic Gold


I must have slipped a disk -- my pack hurts!


To get back on your feet, miss two car payments.


This is Jim Rockford.
At the tone leave your name and message; I'll get back to you.


The only thing which separates man from child is all the values
he has lost over the years.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


I'm going to raise an issue and stick it in your ear.
		-- John Foreman


Harp not on that string.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


You've got to think about tomorrow!

TOMORROW!  I haven't even prepared for *_y_e_s_t_e_r_d_a_y* yet!


Why am I so soft in the middle when the rest of my life is so hard?
		-- Paul Simon


The first Great Steward, Parrafin the Climber, was employed in King
Chloroplast's kitchen as second scullery boy when the old King met a
tragic death.  He apparently fell backward by accident on a dozen salad
forks.  Simultaneously the true heir, his son Carotene, mysteriously
fled the city, complaining of some sort of plot and a lot of
threatening notes left on his breakfast tray.  At the time, this looked
suspicious what with his father's death, and Carotene was suspected of
foul play.  Then the rest of the King's relatives began to drop dead
one after the other in an odd fashion.  Some were found strangled with
dishrags and some succumbed to food poisoning.  A few were found
drowned in the soup vats, and one was attacked by assailants unknown
and beaten to death with a pot roast.  At least three appear to have
thrown themselves backward on salad forks, perhaps in a noble gesture
of grief over the King's untimely end.  Finally there was no one left
in Minas Troney who was either eligible or willing to wear the accursed
crown, and the rule of Twodor was up for grabs.  The scullery slave
Parrafin bravely accepted the Stewardship of Twodor until that day when
a lineal descendant of Carotene's returns to reclaim his rightful
throne, conquer Twodor's enemies, and revamp the postal system.
		-- Harvard Lampoon, "Bored of the Rings"


Winter is the season in which people try to keep the house
as warm as it was in the summer, when they complained about the heat.


			   1/2
	12 + 144 + 20 + 3*4                    2
	----------------------  +  5 * 11  =  9  +  0
		  7

A dozen, a gross and a score,
Plus three times the square root of four,
	Divided by seven,
	Plus five times eleven,
Equals nine squared plus zero, no more!


History shows that the human mind, fed by constant accessions of knowledge,
periodically grows too large for its theoretical coverings, and bursts them
asunder to appear in new habiliments, as the feeding and growing grub, at
intervals, casts its too narrow skin and assumes another...  Truly the imago
state of Man seems to be terribly distant, but every moult is a step gained.
		-- Charles Darwin, from "Origin of the Species"


And the French medical anatomist Etienne Serres really did argue that
black males are primitive because the distance between their navel and
penis remains small (relative to body height) throughout life, while
white children begin with a small separation but increase it during
growth -- the rising belly button as a mark of progress.
		-- S. J. Gould, "Racism and Recapitulation"


The time for action is past!
Now is the time for senseless bickering.


FORTUNE'S PARTY TIPS: #14

	Tired of finding that other people are helping themselves to
your good liquor at BYOB parties?  Take along a candle, which you insert
and light after you've opened the bottle.  No one ever expects anything
drinkable to be in a bottle which has a candle stuck in its neck.


Bipolar, adj.:
	Refers to someone who has homes in Nome, Alaska, and Buffalo,
New York


Avoid Quiet and Placid persons unless you are in Need of Sleep.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


Home on the Range was originally written in beef-flat.


O give me a home,
Where the buffalo roam,
Where the deer and the antelope play,
Where seldom is heard
A discouraging word,
'Cause what can an antelope say?


If you can't say anything good about someone, sit right here by me.
		-- Alice Roosevelt Longworth


Clarke's Conclusion:
	Never let your sense of morals interfere with doing the right thing.


Tourist to New Yorker:
	"Pardon me, sir, do you know what time it is, or should I
	just go fuck myself?"


Some parts of the past must be preserved,
and some of the future prevented at all costs.


Quality Control, n.:
	The process of testing one out of every 1,000 units coming off
a production line to make sure that at least one out of 100 works.


I don't care who does the electing as long as I get to do the
nominating.
		-- Boss Tweed


Many a man who thinks he's going on a maiden voyage with
a woman finds out later that it was just a shake-down cruise.


The nearer to the church, the further from God.
		-- John Heywood


An elephant is a mouse with an operating system.


Pascal is a language for children wanting to be naughty.
		-- Dr. Kasi Ananthanarayanan


Warp 7 -- It's a law we can live with.


This product is meant for educational purposes only.  Any resemblance to real
persons, living or dead is purely coincidental.  Void where prohibited.  Some
assembly may be required.  Batteries not included.  Contents may settle during
shipment.  Use only as directed.  May be too intense for some viewers.  If
condition persists, consult your physician.  No user-serviceable parts inside.
Breaking seal constitutes acceptance of agreement.  Not responsible for direct,
indirect, incidental or consequential damages resulting from any defect, error
or failure to perform.  Slippery when wet.  For office use only.  Substantial
penalty for early withdrawal.  Do not write below this line.  Your canceled
check is your receipt.  Avoid contact with skin.  Employees and their families
are not eligible.  Beware of dog.  Driver does not carry cash.  Limited time
offer, call now to insure prompt delivery.  Use only in well-ventilated area.
Keep away from fire or flame.  Some equipment shown is optional.  Price does
not include taxes, dealer prep, or delivery.  Penalty for private use.  Call
toll free before digging.  Some of the trademarks mentioned in this product
appear for identification purposes only.  All models over 18 years of age.  Do
not use while operating a motor vehicle or heavy equipment.  Postage will be
paid by addressee.  Apply only to affected area.  One size fits all.  Many
suitcases look alike.  Edited for television.  No solicitors.  Reproduction
strictly prohibited.  Restaurant package, not for resale.  Objects in mirror
are closer than they appear.  Decision of judges is final.  This supersedes
all previous notices.  No other warranty expressed or implied.


This screen intentionally left blank.


Modern art is what happens when painters stop looking at girls and persuade
themselves that they have a better idea.
		-- John Ciardi


A general leading the State Department resembles a dragon commanding
ducks.
		-- New York Times, Jan. 20, 1981


Sometimes, too long is too long.
		-- Joe Crowe


When eating an elephant take one bite at a time.
		-- Gen. C. Abrams


Set the cart before the horse.
		-- John Heywood


I'd love to go out with you, but I have to stay home and see if I
snore.


What they said:
	What they meant:

"I recommend this candidate with no qualifications whatsoever."
	(Yes, that about sums it up.)
"The amount of mathematics she knows will surprise you."
	(And I recommend not giving that school a dime...)
"I simply can't say enough good things about him."
	(What a screw-up.)
"I am pleased to say that this candidate is a former colleague of mine."
	(I can't tell you how happy I am that she left our firm.)
"When this person left our employ, we were quite hopeful he would go
a long way with his skills."
	(We hoped he'd go as far as possible.)
"You won't find many people like her."
	(In fact, most people can't stand being around her.)
"I cannot recommend him too highly."
	(However, to the best of my knowledge, he has never committed a
	 felony in my presence.)


Ralph's Observation:
It is a mistake to let any mechanical object
realise that you are in a hurry.


	"Are you police officers?"
	"No, ma'am.  We're musicians."
		-- The Blues Brothers


When God saw how faulty was man He tried again and made woman.  As to
why he then stopped there are two opinions.  One of them is woman's.
		-- DeGourmont


The other line moves faster.


Paranoia is heightened awareness.


Did you hear about the new sorority girl doll?
You put a ring on her finger and her hips expand.


Never kick a man, unless he's down.


Freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose.
		-- Kris Kristofferson, "Me and Bobby McGee"


The way I understand it, the Russians are sort of a combination of evil and
incompetence... sort of like the Post Office with tanks.
		-- Emo Philips


The truth about a man lies first and foremost in what he hides.
		-- Andre Malraux


	Hack placidly amidst the noisy printers and remember what prizes there
may be in Science.  As fast as possible get a good terminal on a good system.
Enter your data clearly but always encrypt your results.  And listen to others,
even the dull and ignorant, for they may be your customers.  Avoid loud and
aggressive persons, for they are sales reps.
	If you compare your outputs with those of others, you may be surprised,
for always there will be greater and lesser numbers than you have crunched.
Keep others interested in your career, and try not to fumble; it can be a real
hassle and could change your fortunes in time.
	Exercise system control in your experiments, for the world is full of
bugs.  But let this not blind you to what virtue there is; many persons strive
for linearity and everywhere papers are full of approximations.  Strive for
proportionality.  Especially, do not faint when it occurs.  Neither be cyclical
about results; for in the face of all data analysis it is sure to be noticed.
	Take with a grain of salt the anomalous data points.  Gracefully pass
them on to the youth at the next desk.  Nurture some mutual funds to shield
you in times of sudden layoffs.  But do not distress yourself with imaginings
-- the real bugs are enough to screw you badly.  Murphy's Law runs the
Universe -- and whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt <Curl>B*n dS = 0.
	Therefore, grab for a piece of the pie, with whatever proposals you
can conceive of to try.  With all the crashed disks, skewed data, and broken
line printers, you can still have a beautiful secretary.  Be linear.  Strive
to stay employed.
		-- Technolorata, "Analog"


The Roman Rule
	The one who says it cannot be done should never interrupt the
	one who is doing it.


Some women are like musical glasses.
To keep them in tune they must be wet.
		-- Samuel T. Coleridge


The minute a man is convinced that he is interesting, he isn't.


Revenge is sleeping with your enemy's wife.
Sweet revenge is the realization that she's a lousy lay.


Don't be concerned, it will not harm you,
It's only me pursuing something I'm not sure of,
Across my dreams, with neptive wonder,
I chase the bright elusive butterfly of love.


I haven't lost my mind -- it's backed up on tape somewhere.


How to Raise Your I.Q. by Eating Gifted Children
		-- Book title by Lewis B. Frumkes


It is better to have a positive Wasserman than never to have loved at all.


When a man you like switches from what he said a year ago, or four years
ago, he is a broad-minded man who has courage enough to change his mind
with changing conditions.  When a man you don't like does it, he is a
liar who has broken his promises.
		-- Franklin Adams


Power is poison.


	A woman was married to a golfer.  One day she asked, "If I were
to die, would you remarry?"
	After some thought, the man replied, "Yes, I've been very happy in
this marriage and I would want to be this happy again."
	The wife asked, "Would you give your new wife my car?"
	"Yes," he replied.  "That's a good car and it runs well."
	"Well, would you live in this house?"
	"Yes, it is a lovely house and you have decorated it beautifully.
I've always loved it here."
	"Well, would you give her my golf clubs?"
	"No."
	"Why not?"
	"She's left handed."


It is only the great men who are truly obscene.  If they had not dared
to be obscene, they could never have dared to be great.
		-- Havelock Ellis


Let your conscience be your guide.
		-- Pope


Paul's Law:
	You can't fall off the floor.


You see, wire telegraph is a kind of a very, very long cat.  You pull
his tail in New York and his head is meowing in Los Angeles.  Do you
understand this?  And radio operates exactly the same way:  you send
signals here, they receive them there.  The only difference is that
there is no cat.
		-- Albert Einstein, when asked to describe radio


Dorothy:	How can you talk if you haven't got a brain?
Scarecrow:	I don't know.  But some people without brains do an
		awful lot of talking, don't they?
		-- Judy Garland and Ray Bolger, "The Wizard of Oz"


If you don't do it, you'll never know what
would have happened if you had done it.


Pray to God, but keep rowing to shore.
		-- Russian Proverb


Your password is pitifully obvious.


It's not pretty being easy.


"Snyder's got a stiff ticket," said Kay,
"Come on, take it out, and let's play."
	He pulled it on out,
	But she started to pout,
His ticket was only a quarter-inch stout.


Be it our wealth, our jobs, or even our homes;
nothing is safe while the legislature is in session.


	A man from AI walked across the mountains to SAIL to see the Master,
Knuth.  When he arrived, the Master was nowhere to be found.  "Where is the
wise one named Knuth?" he asked a passing student.
	"Ah," said the student, "you have not heard. He has gone on a
pilgrimage across the mountains to the temple of AI to seek out new
disciples."
	Hearing this, the man was Enlightened.


Sometimes, too long is too long.
		-- Joe Crowe


Happiness is just an illusion, filled with sadness and confusion.


Arguments are extremely vulgar, for everyone
in good society holds exactly the same opinion.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Whatever became of eternal truth?


They just buzzed and buzzed...buzzed.


Giving money and power to governments is like giving whiskey and
car keys to teenage boys.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


College is like a woman -- you work so hard to get in, and nine months
later you wish you'd never come.


Always run from a knife and rush a gun.
		-- Jimmy Hoffa


There be sober men a'plenty, and drunkards barely twenty; there are men
of over ninety who have never yet kissed a girl.  But give me the rambling
rover, from Orkney down to Dover, we will roam the whole world over, and
together we'll face the world.
		-- Andy Stewart, "After the Hush"


Machine-independent program:
	A program that will not run on any machine.


Real Users find the one combination of bizarre input values that shuts
down the system for days.


Indifference will certainly be the downfall of mankind, but who cares?


The hacker as a mate/lover and the signs of trouble:

-- The morning after note reads:
	Whiting, Barbara:
	I enjoyed last night.  We really interfaced.  You looked so cute
	I wanted to byte your ear.
-- He believes Steve Wozniak offered the Apple to Adam.
-- The people he tries to emulate are five years his junior.
-- The last straw:
	Once again, your date has lost all track of time debugging a new
	program and shows up an hour late.

	You Don't...:
		Make nasty asides regarding his 5-1/4 inch floppy.
	You Do...:
		Remind him that "going down" doesn't necessarily
		indicate a malfunction.


A Catholic and a Methodist were carpooling to work one morning, when a brick
fell out of the sky, which startled the driver and caused him to swerve off
the road and into a telephone pole, totaling the car.
	The two stumbled out of the wreckage, both feeling quite fortunate
to be alive.  The Catholic crossed himself.  Then the Protestant crossed
himself in an accentuated manner.
	"Hey," said the Catholic, "Why did you cross yourself, you're not
Catholic!"
	"Just checking," replied his friend, crossing himself again,
"spectacles, testicles, wallet, pen."


Each of us bears his own Hell.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)


A man does not look behind the door unless he has stood there himself.
		-- Du Bois


The most common form of marriage proposal: "YOU'RE WHAT!?"


'Twas the night before Christmas -- the very last one --
When the blazing of lasers destroyed all our fun.
Just as Santa had lifted off, driving his sleigh,
A satellite spotted him making his way.
The Star Wars Defense System -- Reagan's desire
Was ready for action, and started to fire!
The laser beams criss-crossed and lit up the sky
Like a fireworks show on the Fourth of July.
I'd just finished wrapping the last of the toys
When out of my chimney there came a great noise.
I looked to the fireplace, hoping to see
St. Nick bringing presents for missus and me.
But what I saw next was disturbing and shocking:
A flaming red jacket setting fire to my stocking!
Charred reindeer remains and a melted sleigh-bell;
Outside burning toys like confetti they fell.
So now you know, children, why Christmas is gone:
The Star Wars computer had got something wrong.
Only programmed for battle, it hadn't a heart;
'Twas hardly a chance it would work from the start.
It couldn't be tested, and no one could tell,
If the crazy contraption would work very well.
So after a trillion or two had been spent
The system thought Santa a Red missile sent.
So kids dry your tears now, and get off to bed,
There won't be a Christmas -- since Santa is dead.


One good suit is worth a thousand resumes.


A bureaucracy is like a septic tank -- all the really big shits float
to the top.


A Texan, impressing the hell out of a Bostonian with tales about the heroes
of the Alamo, commented, "I'll bet you never had anyone that brave around
*Boston*."
	"Ever hear of Paul Revere?", snarled the Bostonian.
	"Paul Revere?", pondered the Texan.  "Isn't he the guy who ran for
help?"


	A man went to a doctor to have his penis enlarged.  Well, this
particular procedure involved splicing a baby elephant's trunk onto the
man's penis.  Overjoyed, the man went out with his best girl to a very
fancy restaurant.  After cocktails, the man's penis crept out of his pants,
felt around the table, grabbed a hard roll and quickly disappeared under
the tablecloth.  The girl was startled and exclaimed, "What was that?"
	Suddenly the penis came back, took another hard roll and just as
quickly disappeared.  The girl was silent for a moment, then finally said,
"I don't believe I saw what I think I just saw... can you do that again?"
	With a bit of an uncomfortable smile the man replied, "Honey, I'd
like to, but I don't think my ass can take another hard roll!"


Function reject.


Commitment, n.:
	Commitment can be illustrated by a breakfast of ham and eggs.
	The chicken was involved, the pig was committed.


I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas.
I'm frightened of the old ones.
		-- John Cage


With a gentleman I try to be a gentleman and a half, and with a fraud I
try to be a fraud and a half.
		-- Otto von Bismarck


... But as records of courts and justice are admissible, it can
easily be proved that powerful and malevolent magicians once existed
and were a scourge to mankind.  The evidence (including confession)
upon which certain women were convicted of witchcraft and executed was
without a flaw; it is still unimpeachable.  The judges' decisions based
on it were sound in logic and in law.  Nothing in any existing court
was ever more thoroughly proved than the charges of witchcraft and
sorcery for which so many suffered death.  If there were no witches,
human testimony and human reason are alike destitute of value.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Friction is a drag.


Cats are intended to teach us that not everything in nature has a function.
		-- Garrison Keillor


Pregnancy -- the worst sexually transmitted disease of them all.


...that FC loop thing sucks.
So I decided to stick to my good old philosophy: "if it has tits,
wheels or FC loops it will give you problem!"
		-- storage engineer on the virtues of FC-AL


Hickery Dickery Dock,
The mice ran up the clock,
The clock struck one,
The others escaped with minor injuries.


I never expected to see the day when girls would get sunburned in the
places they do today.
		-- Will Rogers


Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance.


He who laughs has not yet heard the bad news.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


MANAGER:
	A man known for giving great meeting.


Everything bows to success, even grammar.


To err is human, but to really foul things up requires a computer.


Mary had a little lamb, its fleece was white as snow,
And everywhere that Mary went, the lamb was sure to go.
It followed her through rain or snow, lightning, sleet or hail.
It fetched the evening paper, her slippers, and the mail.
She never had a moments peace; the lamb was always on her heels,
And on her feet its head would rest, while she ate her meals.
It followed her to school one day, the devotion never ended.
The lamb waltzed into her history class and Mary got suspended.
The night she went to Senior Prom, she thought she had him beat,
Until she heard a mournful "Baaa" coming from her car's seat.
Oh, Mary had a little lamb, it surely didn't please her.
So for dinner she had lambchops; the rest is in the freezer.
		-- Alma Garcia


Peterson's Admonition:
	When you think you're going down for the third time --
	just remember that you may have counted wrong.


Once you've seen one nuclear war, you've seen them all.


The man who follows the crowd will usually get no further than the crowd.
The man who walks alone is likely to find himself in places no one has ever
been.
		-- Alan Ashley-Pitt


You will think of something funnier than this to add to the fortunes.


Q:	How does a hacker fix a function which
	doesn't work for all of the elements in its domain?
A:	He changes the domain.


Unless hours were cups of sack, and minutes capons, and clocks the tongues
of bawds, and dials the signs of leaping houses, and the blessed sun himself
a fair, hot wench in flame-colored taffeta, I see no reason why thou shouldst
be so superfluous to demand the time of the day.  I wasted time and now doth
time waste me.
		-- William Shakespeare


TAX OFFICE:
	Den of inequity.


A clever prophet makes sure of the event first.


Whoever dies with the most toys wins.


Civilization, as we know it, will end sometime this evening.
See SYSNOTE tomorrow for more information.


Life is like an analogy.


MAFIA, n.:
	[Acronym for Mechanized Applications in Forced Insurance
Accounting.] An extensive network with many on-line and offshore
subsystems running under OS, DOS, and IOS.  MAFIA documentation is
rather scanty, and the MAFIA sales office exhibits that testy
reluctance to bona fide inquiries which is the hallmark of so many DP
operations.  From the little that has seeped out, it would appear that
MAFIA operates under a non-standard protocol, OMERTA, a tight-lipped
variant of SNA, in which extended handshakes also perform complex
security functions.  The known timesharing aspects of MAFIA point to a
more than usually autocratic operating system.  Screen prompts carry an
imperative, nonrefusable weighting (most menus offer simple YES/YES
options, defaulting to YES) that precludes indifference or delay.
Uniquely, all editing under MAFIA is performed centrally, using a
powerful rubout feature capable of erasing files, filors, filees, and
entire nodal aggravations.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


There is no satisfaction in hanging a man who does not object to it.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


A robin redbreast in a cage
Puts all Heaven in a rage.
		-- Blake


FORTRAN, "the infantile disorder", by now nearly 20 years old, is hopelessly
inadequate for whatever computer application you have in mind today: it is
too clumsy, too risky, and too expensive to use.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


SYSTEM-INDEPENDENT:
	Works equally poorly on all systems.


Washington, D.C: Fifty square miles almost completely surrounded by reality.


God may be subtle, but He isn't plain mean.
		-- Albert Einstein


Let us never negotiate out of fear,
but let us never fear to negotiate.
		-- John F. Kennedy


FORTUNE EXPLAINS WHAT JOB REVIEW CATCH PHRASES MEAN:	#4

Consistent:
	Reviewee hasn't gotten anything right yet, and it is anticipated
	that this pattern will continue throughout the coming year.

An excellent sounding board:
	Present reviewee with any number of alternatives, and implement
	them in the order precisely opposite of his/her specification.

A planner and organizer:
	Usually manages to put on socks before shoes.  Can match the
	animal tags on his clothing.


The bold youth of today is very lonely.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


The important thing to remember about walking on eggs is not to hop.


Checkuary, n.:
	The thirteenth month of the year.  Begins New Year's Day and ends
	when a person stops absentmindedly writing the old year on his checks.


Law of the Yukon:
	Only the lead dog gets a change of scenery.


If there is no God, who pops up the next Kleenex?
		-- Art Hoppe


