Judges, as a class, display, in the matter of arranging alimony, that
reckless generosity which is found only in men who are giving away
someone else's cash.
		-- P. G. Wodehouse, "Louder and Funnier"


If you had better tools, you could more
effectively demonstrate your total incompetence.


Lots of folks confuse bad management with destiny.
		-- Frank Hubbard


Once there was a little nerd who loved to read your mail,
And then yank back the i-access times to get hackers off his tail,
And once as he finished reading from the secretary's spool,
He wrote a rude rejection to her boyfriend (how uncool!)
And this as delivermail did work and he ran his backfstat,
He heard an awful crackling like rat fritters in hot fat,
And hard errors brought the system down 'fore he could even shout!
	And the bio bug'll bring yours down too, ef you don't watch out!
And once they was a little flake who'd prowl through the uulog,
And when he went to his blit that night to play at being god,
The ops all heard him holler, and they to the console dashed,
But when they did a ps -ut they found the system crashed!
Oh, the wizards adb'd the dumps and did the system trace,
And worked on the file system 'til the disk head was hot paste,
But all they ever found was this:  "panic: never doubt",
	And the bio bug'll crash your box too, ef you don't watch out!
When the day is done and the moon comes out,
And you hear the printer whining and the rk's seems to count,
When the other desks are empty and their terminals glassy grey,
And the load is only 1.6 and you wonder if it'll stay,
You must mind the file protections and not snoop around,
	Or the bio bug'll getcha and bring the system down!


	A man came home from work and as he entered the house he yelled,
"Hi, honey, I'm home."
	There was no response.  He walked through the house and saw a note
on the refrigerator. It read "I'm out with the girls and I'll be home about
8.  Either fix yourself something to eat, or wait for me and we'll eat when
I get home."
	Well, he decided to wait until his wife returned.  However, his
stomach started to growl and he remembered that he had an apple left over
from his lunch.  He got the apple, polished it a little, and heard the
doorbell ring.  He went to the door and there stood a little blond haired
girl holding out a little paper bag.  "Trick or treat", she said.
	He looked at the girl, looked at the apple, thought how hungry he
was, looked at the girl again, and with a slight sigh dropped his apple in
the bag.  The little girl looked down in the bag, looked up again, and
complained, "You stupid son-of-a-bitch.  You broke my cookies!"


PRAIRIES:
	Vast plains covered by treeless forests.


Never have children, only grandchildren.
		-- Gore Vidal


To make tax forms true they should
read "Income Owed Us" and "Incommode You".


Q:	Know what the difference between your latest project
	and putting wings on an elephant is?
A:	Who knows?  The elephant *might* fly, heh, heh...


The cost of living hasn't affected its popularity.


The day advanced as if to light some work of mine; it was morning,
and lo! now it is evening, and nothing memorable is accomplished.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


Come, landlord, fill the flowing bowl until it does run over,
Tonight we will all merry be -- tomorrow we'll get sober.
		-- John Fletcher, "The Bloody Brother", II, 2


Sears has everything.


I went to the museum where they had all the heads and arms from the
statues that are in all the other museums.
		-- Steven Wright


A little kid went up to Santa and asked him, "Santa, you know when I'm bad
right?"  And Santa says, "Yes, I do."  The little kid then asks, "And you
know when I'm sleeping?"  To which Santa replies, "Every minute."  So the
little kid then says, "Well, if you know when I'm bad and when I'm good,
then how come you don't know what I want for Christmas?"


One picture is worth 128K words.


Gold, n.:
	A soft malleable metal relatively scarce in distribution.  It
	is mined deep in the earth by poor men who then give it to rich
	men who immediately bury it back in the earth in great prisons,
	although gold hasn't done anything to them.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Why, Good Morning!  I'm the bluebird of fellatio!


Felix Catus is your taxonomic nomenclature,
An endothermic quadruped, carnivorous by nature.
Your visual, olfactory, and auditory senses
Contribute to your hunting skills and natural defenses.
I find myself intrigued by your sub-vocal oscillations,
A singular development of cat communications
That obviates your basic hedonistic predilection
For a rhythmic stroking of your fur to demonstrate affection.
A tail is quite essential for your acrobatic talents:
You would not be so agile if you lacked its counterbalance;
And when not being utilized to aid in locomotion,
It often serves to illustrate the state of your emotion.
Oh Spot, the complex levels of behavior you display
Connote a fairly well-developed cognitive array.
And though you are not sentient, Spot, and do not comprehend,
I nonetheless consider you a true and valued friend.
		-- Lt. Cmdr. Data, "An Ode to Spot"


Steckel's Rule to Success:
	Good enough is never good enough.


Yawd [noun, Bostonese]:  the campus of Have Id.
		-- Webster's Unafraid Dictionary


Victory uber allies!


You always introduce the younger person to the older person, using the
wording:  "Miss Brown, I'd like to introduce you to an older person"
(unless her name is not "Miss Brown").  If you do not know a person's
age, ask for a driver's license and a major credit card.  If you are
introduced to a member of a minority group, use the "high-five" style
handshake, followed by a remark designed to show you don't mind a bit,
such as "I see you are a (name of a minority group)!  Good!"
		-- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"


I am of the belief that catnip arrived on the planet in the same spaceship
that delivered cats. It is the only thing they have from their home
planet. Tuna, chicken, sparrow-brains, etc., these are all things of our
world that they like, but catnip is crack from home.
		-- Bill Cole


Some people cause happiness wherever
they go; others, whenever they go.


Q:	Why did the blonde climb over the glass wall?
A:	To see what was on the other side.

Q:	Why do blondes like tilt steering wheels?
A:	More head room.

Q:	How does a blonde turn on the light after having sex?
A:	She opens the car door.


It is up to us to produce better-quality movies.
		-- Lloyd Kaufman,
		   producer of "Stuff Stephanie in the Incinerator"


General notions are generally wrong.
		-- Lady M. W. Montagu


To understand this important story, you have to understand how the
telephone company works.  Your telephone is connected to a local
computer, which is in turn connected to a regional computer, which is
in turn connected to a loudspeaker the size of a garbage truck on the
lawn of Edna A. Bargewater of Lawrence, Kan.

Whenever you talk on the phone, your local computer listens in.  If it
suspects you're going to discuss an intimate topic, it notifies the
computer above it, which listens in and decides whether to alert the
one above it, until finally, if you really humiliate yourself, maybe
break down in tears and tell your closest friend about a sordid
incident from your past involving a seedy motel, a neighbor's spouse,
an entire religious order, a garden hose and six quarts of tapioca
pudding, the top computer feeds your conversation into Edna's
loudspeaker, and she and her friends come out on the porch to listen
and drink gin and laugh themselves silly.
		-- Dave Barry, "Won't It Be Just Great Owning Our Own
		   Phones?"


Reality is for people who can't deal with drugs.
		-- Lily Tomlin


Welcome to boggle - do you want instructions?

D    G    G    O

O    Y    A    N

A    D    B    T

K    I    S    P
Enter words:
>


Who is D. B. Cooper, and where is he now?


A man without a God is like a fish without a bicycle.


As with most fine things, chocolate has its season.  There is a simple memory
aid that you can use to determine whether it is the correct time to order
chocolate dishes: Any month whose name contains the letter A, E, or U is the
proper time for chocolate.
		-- Sandra Boynton, "Chocolate: The Consuming Passion"


Masturbation, n.:
	Coming unscrewed.


Do you feel personally responsible for the world food shortage?
Every time you go to the beach, does the tide come in?
Have you ever eaten an entire moose?
Can you see your neck?
Do joggers take laps around you for exercise?
If so, welcome to National Fat Week.
This week we'll eat without guilt, and kick off our membership campaign,
	...by force-feeding a box of cornstarch to a skinny person.
		-- Garfield


Kasha, n.:
	Kasha is always defined as "buckwheat groats".  There's only
	one problem with this definition: what the fuck are "buckwheat
	groats"?  *_I* know what they are -- they're kasha.  But that
	doesn't help *_y_o_u* much.
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


Courtship to marriage, as a very witty prologue to a very dull play.
		-- William Congreve


So, how's your love life?
Still holding your own?


The Phone Booth Rule:
	A lone dime always gets the number nearly right.


Here is the problem: for many years, the Supreme Court wrestled with
the issue of pornography, until finally Associate Justice John Paul
Stevens came up with the famous quotation about how he couldn't define
pornography, but he knew it when he saw it.  So for a while, the
court's policy was to have all the suspected pornography trucked to
Justice Stevens' house, where he would look it over.  "Nope, this isn't
it," he'd say.  "Bring some more."  This went on until one morning when
his housekeeper found him trapped in the recreation room under an
enormous mound of rubberized implements, and the court had to issue a
ruling stating that it didn't know what the hell pornography was except
that it was illegal and everybody should stop badgering the court about
it because the court was going to take a nap.
		-- Dave Barry, "Pornography"


An authority is a person who can tell you more about something than you
really care to know.


Fakir, n.:
	A psychologist whose charismatic data have inspired almost
	religious devotion in his followers, even though the sources
	seem to have shinnied up a rope and vanished.


It is illegal to say "Oh, Boy" in Jonesboro, Georgia.


You are not a fool just because you have done
something foolish -- only if the folly of it escapes you.


Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing.
		-- Wernher von Braun


Man belongs wherever he wants to go.
		-- Wernher von Braun


Since a politician never believes what he says, he is surprised
when others believe him.
		-- Charles DeGaulle


Have you heard of the lady named Cox
Who had a capacious old box?
	When her lover was in place
	She said, "Please turn your face.
I look like a gal, but I screw like a fox."


Do not do unto others as you would they should do unto you.
Their tastes may not be the same.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


When I kill, the only thing I feel is recoil.


Q:	What did Tarzan say when he saw the elephants coming over the hill?
A:	"The elephants are coming over the hill."

Q:	What did he say when saw them coming over the hill wearing
	sunglasses?
A:	Nothing, for he didn't recognize them.


It is difficult to soar with the eagles when you work with turkeys.


The rate at which a disease spreads through a corn field is a precise
measurement of the speed of blight.


A "full" life in my experience is usually full only of other
people's demands.


I wish a robot would get elected president.  That way, when he came to town,
we could all take a shot at him and not feel too bad.
		-- Jack Handey


The Golden Rule of Arts and Sciences:
	He who has the gold makes the rules.


brain-damaged, generalization of "Honeywell Brain Damage" (HBD), a
theoretical disease invented to explain certain utter cretinisms in
Multics, adj.:
	Obviously wrong; cretinous; demented.  There is an implication
	that the person responsible must have suffered brain damage,
	because he/she should have known better.  Calling something
	brain-damaged is bad; it also implies it is unusable.


There but for the grace of God, goes God.
		-- Winston Churchill, speaking of Sir Stafford Cripps


QOTD:
	"The elder gods went to Suggoth and all I got was this lousy T-shirt."


The difference between this school and a cactus plant is that the
cactus has the pricks on the outside.


A day for firm decisions!!!!!  Or is it?


She made a thing of soft leather,
And topped off the end with a feather.
	When she poked it inside her
	She took off like a glider,
And gave up her lover forever.


Q:	How many pre-med's does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	Five:  One to change the bulb and four to pull the ladder
	out from under him.


Here's to the woman beautiful and divine
she flowers every month bears fruit every nine
she's the only creature 'tween heaven and hell
can get the juice from a nut without cracking the shell.


	An older student came to Otis and said, "I have been to see a
great number of teachers and I have given up a great number of pleasures.
I have fasted, been celibate and stayed awake nights seeking enlightenment.
I have given up everything I was asked to give up and I have suffered, but
I have not been enlightened.  What should I do?"
	Otis replied, "Give up suffering."
		-- Camden Benares, "Zen Without Zen Masters"


A platitude is simply a truth repeated till people get tired of hearing it.
		-- Stanley Baldwin


Hackers do it with bugs.


It's all in the mind, ya know.


Gold coast slave ship bound for cotton fields
Sold in a market down in New Orleans
Scarred old slaver knows he's doing alright
Hear him whip the women, just around midnight

Ah, brown sugar how come you taste so good?
Ah, brown sugar just like a young girl should

Drums beating cold English blood runs hot
Lady of the house wonderin' where it's gonna stop
House boy knows that he's doing alright
You should a heard him just around midnight.
...
I bet your mama was tent show queen
And all her girlfriends were sweet sixteen
I'm no school boy but I know what I like
You should have heard me just around midnight.
		-- Rolling Stones, "Brown Sugar"


Shannon's Observation
	Nothing is so frustrating as a bad situation
	that is beginning to improve.


In /users3 did Kubla Kahn
A stately pleasure dome decree,
Where /bin, the sacred river ran
Through Test Suites measureless to Man
Down to a sunless C.


The big cities of America are becoming Third World countries.
		-- Nora Ephron


	A woman was married to a golfer.  One day she asked, "If I were
to die, would you remarry?"
	After some thought, the man replied, "Yes, I've been very happy in
this marriage and I would want to be this happy again."
	The wife asked, "Would you give your new wife my car?"
	"Yes," he replied.  "That's a good car and it runs well."
	"Well, would you live in this house?"
	"Yes, it is a lovely house and you have decorated it beautifully.
I've always loved it here."
	"Well, would you give her my golf clubs?"
	"No."
	"Why not?"
	"She's left handed."


A prominent broadcaster, on a big-game safari in Africa, was taken to a
watering hole where the life of the jungle could be observed. As he
looked down from his tree platform and described the scene into his
tape recorder, he saw two gnus grazing peacefully. So preoccupied were
they that they failed to observe the approach of a pride of lions led
by two magnificent specimens, obviously the leaders. The lions charged,
killed the gnus, and dragged them into the bushes where their feasting
could not be seen.  A little while later the two kings of the jungle
emerged and the radioman recorded on his tape: "Well, that's the end of
the gnus and here, once again, are the head lions."


SWEATER:
	A garment worn by a child when their mother feels chilly.


It was this guy's first day in the penitentiary; he was in a cell with a
huge burley inmate, and he was pretty nervous.  At lights-out, the inmate
jumped out of his bunk, and, turning to our hero, said, "We're going to
have sex!  You want to be the Mommy or the Daddy?"
	A very terrified hero managed to squeak out, "Uh, well, uh, I guess
I'll be the Daddy."
	"OK," smiled his roommate, "get down here and suck your Momma's dick!"


Sex is just one damp thing after another.


Assembly language experience is [important] for the maturity
and understanding of how computers work that it provides.
		-- D. Gries


The hardest thing is to disguise your feelings when
you put a lot of relatives on the train for home.


Fine day for friends.
So-so day for you.


Interfere?  Of course we should interfere!  Always do what you're
best at, that's what I say.
		-- "Doctor Who"


For a holy stint, a moth of the cloth gave up his woolens for lint.


An elephant is a mouse with an operating system.


After spending a forbidden night on the town, two young nuns were trying
to sneak through the fence surrounding their Convent.
	"You know," giggled one as she held the wire apart for the other
to crawl through, "I feel like a Marine."
	"So do I," the other nun sighed, "but where are we going to
find one at three in the morning?"


Well, you see there was this neighborhood that had a priest, a minister, and
a rabbi who lived near each other.  One summer afternoon the priest went out
and bought himself a new car, and the minister and rabbi, not to be outdone,
did the same.
	The next day the priest went out and blessed his car.  The minister
hired a crane and baptized his car in a swimming pool.  The rabbi, after
thinking seriously for a bit, got a hacksaw and cut three inches off the end
of the tail pipe.


Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not
become a monster.  And when you look into an abyss, the abyss also looks
into you.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Dig it, first they killed those pigs, then they ate dinner in the same
room with them, then they even shoved a fork in a victim's stomach.  Wild!
		-- Bernadine Dohrn, on the Manson killings


The only justification for our concepts and systems of concepts is
that they serve to represent the complex of our experiences;
beyond this they have no legitimacy.
		-- Albert Einstein


You'll never be the man your mother was!


This yuppie, see, was in a car wreck.  His BMW was mangled, and so was he.
The paramedic was leaning over him getting his vitals, and all the yup
could groan was "My BMW!  My BMW!"
	The paramedic tried to quiet the man, pointing out that his car
wasn't his chief concern at the moment, especially as he'd been rearranged
pretty badly himself -- for example, his left arm was severed at the elbow
and was lying about twenty feet away.
	There was a moment of stunned silence from the yup followed by
"Oh no!  My Rolex!  My Rolex!"


question = ( to ) ? be : ! be;
		-- William Shakespeare


When does summertime come to Minnesota, you ask?
Well, last year, I think it was a Tuesday.


There is no point in waiting.
The train stopped running years ago.
All the schedules, the brochures,
The bright-colored posters full of lies,
Promise rides to a distant country
That no longer exists.


Florence Flask was ... dressing for the opera when she turned to her
husband and screamed, "Erlenmeyer!  My joules!  Someone has stolen my
joules!"

"Now, now, my dear," replied her husband, "keep your balance and reflux
a moment.  Perhaps they're mislead."

"No, I know they're stolen," cried Florence.  "I remember putting them
in my burette ... We must call a copper."

Erlenmeyer did so, and the flatfoot who turned up, one Sherlock Ohms,
said the outrage looked like the work of an arch-criminal by the name
of Lawrence Ium.

"We must be careful -- he's a free radical, ultraviolet, and
dangerous.  His girlfriend is a chlorine at the Palladium.  Maybe I can
catch him there."  With that, he jumped on his carbon cycle in an
activated state and sped off along the reaction pathway ...
		-- Daniel B. Murphy, "Precipitations"


I have a little shadow that goes in and out with me,
And what can be the use of him is more than I can see.
He is very, very like me from the heels up to the head;
And I see him jump before me, when I jump into my bed.

The funniest thing about him is the way he likes to grow--
Not at all like proper children, which is always very slow;
For he sometimes shoots up taller, like an india-rubber ball,
And he sometimes gets so little that there's none of him at all.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson


The temperature of the aqueous content of an unremittingly ogled
culinary vessel will not achieve 100 degrees on the Celsius scale.


Let the people think they govern and they will be governed.
		-- William Penn, founder of Pennsylvania


I have a terrible headache, I was putting on toilet water and the lid fell.


I had a virgin once.  I had to go to Guatemala for her.  She was blind
in one eye, and she had a stuffed alligator that said, "Welcome to Miami
Beach."
		-- The Stunt Man


SOCIALISM:
	You have two cows.  Give one to your neighbour.
COMMUNISM:
	You have two cows.
	Give both to the government.  The government gives you milk.
CAPITALISM:
	You sell one cow and buy a bull.
FASCISM:
	You have two cows.  Give milk to the government.
	The government sells it.
NAZISM:
	The government shoots you and takes the cows.
NEW DEALISM:
	The government shoots one cow,
	milks the other, and pours the milk down the sink.
ANARCHISM:
	Keep the cows.  Steal another one.  Shoot the government.
CONSERVATISM:
	Freeze the milk.  Embalm the cows.


O love, could thou and I with fate conspire
To grasp this sorry scheme of things entire,
Might we not smash it to bits
And mould it closer to our hearts' desire?
		-- Omar Khayyam, tr. Fitzgerald


Don't feed the bats tonight.


Code rot -- mostly caused by people redefining "fresh".
		-- Wes Peters


Economists can certainly disappoint you.  One said that the economy would
turn up by the last quarter.  Well, I'm down to mine and it hasn't.
		-- Robert Orben


Jesus saves... but Gretzky gets the rebound!
		-- Daniel Hinojosa


A hand in a bird is worth two on 'er bush.


One, with God, is always a majority, but many a martyr has been burned at
the stake while the votes were being counted.
		-- Thomas B. Reed


My girlfriend's favorite erotic position is bending over my credit cards.


/earth: file system full.


MANAGER:
	A man known for giving great meeting.


If you continually give you will continually have.


You can't erase a dream, you can only wake me up.
		-- Peter Frampton


Here's to women.  Would that we could fall into her arms without falling
into her hands.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


Objects are lost only because people
look where they are not rather than where they are.


1: No code table for op: ++post


A good programmer is someone who looks both ways before crossing a
one-way street.
		-- Doug Linder


What this department needs is a really good inflatable doll.


A Severe Strain on the Credulity
	As a method of sending a missile to the higher, and even to the
highest parts of the earth's atmospheric envelope, Professor Goddard's rocket
is a practicable and therefore promising device. It is when one considers the
multiple-charge rocket as a traveler to the moon that one begins to doubt...
for after the rocket quits our air and really starts on its journey, its
flight would be neither accelerated nor maintained by the explosion of the
charges it then might have left.  Professor Goddard, with his "chair" in
Clark College and countenancing of the Smithsonian Institution, does not
know the relation of action to re-action, and of the need to have something
better than a vacuum against which to react... Of course he only seems to
lack the knowledge ladled out daily in high schools.
		-- New York Times Editorial, 1920


If you explain so clearly that nobody can misunderstand, somebody
will.


This fortune cookie program out of order.  For those in desperate
need, please use the program "randchar".  This program generates
random characters, and, given enough time, will undoubtedly come
up with something profound.  It will, however, take it no time at
all to be more profound than THIS program has ever been.


May a diseased yak take a liking to your sister.


Seems that a pollster was taking a worldwide opinion poll.
Her question was, "Excuse me; what's your opinion on the meat shortage?"

In Texas, the answer was "What's a shortage?"
In Poland, the answer was "What's meat?"
In the Soviet Union, the answer was "What's an opinion?"
In New York City, the answer was "What's excuse me?"


People never lie so much as after a hunt, during a war, or before an
election.
		-- Otto von Bismarck


If you guys have a beef with her, that's her problem.  Don't lay it on
me.  The old lady has to take care of her own weight.
		-- Herbie Sperling, convicted heroin dealer, on being
		   arrested for narcotics possession at his mother's house.


It is a very humbling experience to make a multimillion-dollar mistake, but
it is also very memorable.  I vividly recall the night we decided how to
organize the actual writing of external specifications for OS/360.  The
manager of architecture, the manager of control program implementation, and
I were threshing out the plan, schedule, and division of responsibilities.
	The architecture manager had 10 good men.  He asserted that they
could write the specifications and do it right.  It would take ten months,
three more than the schedule allowed.
	The control program manager had 150 men.  He asserted that they
could prepare the specifications, with the architecture team coordinating;
it would be well-done and practical, and he could do it on schedule.
Furthermore, if the architecture team did it, his 150 men would sit twiddling
their thumbs for ten months.
	To this the architecture manager responded that if I gave the control
program team the responsibility, the result would not in fact be on time,
but would also be three months late, and of much lower quality.  I did, and
it was.  He was right on both counts.  Moreover, the lack of conceptual
integrity made the system far more costly to build and change, and I would
estimate that it added a year to debugging time.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


No matter how clever the hardware boys
are, the software boys piss it away.


Real programmers don't write in BASIC.  Actually, no programmers write
in BASIC after reaching puberty.


