Thyme's Law:
	Everything goes wrong at once.


Two is company, three is an orgy.


Solipsists of the World... you are already united.
		-- Kayvan Sylvan


Honeymoon, n.:
	A short period of doting between dating and debting.
		-- Ray C. Bandy


God said it, I believe it and that's all there is to it.


Your code should be more efficient!


I have now come to the conclusion never again to think of marrying,
and for this reason: I can never be satisfied with anyone who would
be blockhead enough to have me.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Conscious is when you are aware of something and conscience is when you
wish you weren't.


The aim of a joke is not to degrade the human being but to remind him that
he is already degraded.
		-- George Orwell


Nothing in life is to be feared.  It is only to be understood.


My calculator is my shepherd, I shall not want
It maketh me accurate to ten significant figures,
	and it leadeth me in scientific notation to 99 digits.
It restoreth my square roots and guideth me along paths of floating
	decimal points for the sake of precision.
Yea, tho I walk through the valley of surprise quizzes,
	I will fear no prof, for my calculator is there to hearten me.
It prepareth a log table to comfort me, it prepareth an
	arc sin for me in the presence of my teachers.
It anoints my homework with correct solutions, my interpolations are
	over.
Surely, both precision and accuracy shall follow me all the days of my
	life, and I shall dwell in the house of Texas instruments forever.


Life is like a tin of sardines.
We're, all of us, looking for the key.
		-- Beyond the Fringe


When the Guru administers, the users
are hardly aware that he exists.
Next best is a sysop who is loved.
Next, one who is feared.
And worst, one who is despised.

If you don't trust the users,
you make them untrustworthy.

The Guru doesn't talk, he hacks.
When his work is done,
the users say, "Amazing:
we implemented it, all by ourselves!"


Never argue with a woman when she's tired -- or rested.


Those who are mentally and emotionally healthy are those who have
learned when to say yes, when to say no and when to say whoopee.
		-- W. S. Krabill


Tri Delts; everyone else has.


If it weren't for the last minute, nothing would ever get done.


Generally speaking, the Way of the warrior is resolute acceptance of death.
		-- Miyamoto Musashi, 1645


A man in love is incomplete until he is married.  Then he is finished.
		-- Zsa Zsa Gabor, "Newsweek"


If a man stay away from his wife for seven years, the law presumes the
separation to have killed him; yet according to our daily experience,
it might well prolong his life.
		-- Charles Darling, "Scintillae Juris, 1877


A pain in the ass of major dimensions.
		-- C. A. Desoer, on the solution of non-linear circuits


Humorists always sit at the children's table.
		-- Woody Allen


You will pioneer the first Martian colony.


Serocki's Stricture:
	Marriage is always a bachelor's last option.


All people are born alike -- except Republicans and Democrats.
		-- Groucho Marx


When in trouble or in doubt, run in circles, scream and shout.


We may not like doctors, but at least they doctor.  Bankers are not ever
popular but at least they bank.  Policeman police and undertakers take
under.  But lawyers do not give us law.  We receive not the gladsome light
of jurisprudence, but rather precedents, objections, appeals, stays,
filings and forms, motions and counter-motions, all at $250 an hour.
		-- Nolo News, summer 1989


I'm going to Vietnam at the request of the White House.  President Johnson
says a war isn't really a war without my jokes.
		-- Bob Hope


Don't forget to support the ERA apersonment.


1/2 oz. gin
1/2 oz. vodka
1/2 oz. rum (preferably dark)
3/4 oz. tequila
1/2 oz. triple sec
1/2 oz. orange juice
3/4 oz. sour mix
1/2 oz. cola
shake with ice and strain into frosted glass.
		Long Island Iced Tea


1. The sport of choice for the low skill level employees is: BASKETBALL.
2. The sport of choice for maintenance level employees is: BOWLING.
3. The sport of choice for front-line workers is: FOOTBALL.
4. The sport of choice for supervisors is: BASEBALL.
5. The sport of choice for middle management is: TENNIS.
6. The sport of choice for corporate officers is: GOLF.

AMAZING CONCLUSION: The higher you are in the corporate structure, the smaller
your balls.


I know you believe you understand what you think this fortune says,
but I'm not sure you realize that what you are reading is not what
it means.


What good is a ticket to the good life,
if you can't find the entrance?


Justice always prevails ... three times out of seven!
		-- Michael J. Wagner


Tip O'Neill is just like Congress; old, fat and out of control.
		-- J. LeBoutillier


And do you think (fop that I am) that I could be the Scarlet Pumpernickel?


As part of an equal opportunity project, a memo was sent to all the offices
within External Affairs asking for "A list of all employees broken down by
sex."
	One of the memos was returned with the notation: "I'm sorry: we
know of nobody in this office who fits your criteria.  We do, however,
have two alcoholics."


Shopping at this grody little computer store at the Galleria for a
totally awwwsome Apple.  Fer suuure.  I mean Apples are nice you
know?  But, you know, there is this cute guy who works there and HE
says that VAX's are cooler!  I mean I don't really know, you know?
He says that he has this totally tubular VAX at home and it's stuffed
with memory-to-the-max!  Right, yeah.  And he wants to take me home
to show it to me.  Oh My God!  I'm suuure.  Gag me with a Prime!


A nuclear war can ruin your whole day.


Many a long dispute between divines may thus be abridged: It is so.  It
is not so.  It is so.  It is not so.
		-- Benjamin Franklin, "Poor Richard's Almanack"


Year  Name				James Bond	Book
----  --------------------------------	--------------	----
50's  James Bond TV Series		Barry Nelson
1962  Dr. No				Sean Connery	1958
1963  From Russia With Love		Sean Connery	1957
1964  Goldfinger			Sean Connery	1959
1965  Thunderball			Sean Connery	1961
1967* Casino Royale			David Niven	1954
1967  You Only Live Twice		Sean Connery	1964
1969  On Her Majesty's Secret Service	George Lazenby	1963
1971  Diamonds Are Forever		Sean Connery	1956
1973  Live And Let Die			Roger Moore	1955
1974  The Man With The Golden Gun	Roger Moore	1965
1977  The Spy Who Loved Me		Roger Moore	1962 (novelette)
1979  Moonraker				Roger Moore	1955
1981  For Your Eyes Only		Roger Moore	1960 (novelette)
1983  Octopussy				Roger Moore	1965
1983* Never Say Never Again		Sean Connery
1985  A View To A Kill			Roger Moore	1960 (novelette)
1987  The Living Daylights		Timothy Dalton	1965 (novelette)
	* -- Not a Broccoli production


He that would govern others, first should be the master of himself.


One thought driven home is better than three left on base.


A good reputation is more valuable than money.
		-- Publilius Syrus


Why not? -- What? -- Why not? -- Why should I not send it? -- Why should I
not dispatch it? -- Why not? -- Strange!  I don't know why I shouldn't --
Well, then -- You will do me this favor. -- Why not? -- Why should you not
do it? -- Why not? -- Strange!  I shall do the same for you, when you want
me to.  Why not?  Why should I not do it for you?  Strange!  Why not? --
I can't think why not.
		-- Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, from a letter to his cousin Maria,
		   "The Definitive Biography of PDQ Bach", Peter Schickele


Chef, n.:
	Any cook who swears in French.


Be open to other people -- they may enrich your dream.


Women reason with the heart and are much less often wrong
than men who reason with the head.
		-- DeLescure


Sin lies only in hurting other people unnecessarily.
All other "sins" are invented nonsense.
(Hurting yourself is not sinful -- just stupid).
		-- Lazarus Long


Competitive fury is not always anger.  It is the true missionary's
courage and zeal in facing the possibility that one's best may not
be enough.
		-- Gene Scott


And then there was the lawyer that stepped in cow manure and thought
he was melting...


Bees are very busy souls
They have no time for birth controls
And that is why in times like these
There are so many Sons of Bees.


Warning: Do not look directly into laser with remaining eye.


Have a nice diurnal anomaly.


With/Without - and who'll deny it's what the fighting's all about?
		-- Pink Floyd


Writing software is more fun than working.


It is against the law for a monster to enter the corporate limits of
Urbana, Illinois.


	The Priest's grey nimbus in a niche where he dressed discreetly.
I will not sleep here tonight. Home also I cannot go.
	A voice, sweetened and sustained, called to him from the sea.
Turning the curve he waved his hand.  A sleek brown head, a seal's, far
out on the water, round.  Usurper.
		-- James Joyce, "Ulysses"


	A secretary entered her boss's office with the announcement: "I have
some good news and some bad news."
	He muttered, "It's quarterly report day, Sally -- just the good news."
	She replied, "You're not sterile."


She stood there and peeled off her clothes,
And begged for a bang: goodness knows
	I am surely impure
	And I sizzled to scrure,
But the push had gone out of my hose.


Who dat who say "who dat" when I say "who dat"?
		-- Hattie McDaniel


If Christianity was morality, Socrates would be the Saviour.
		-- William Blake


When your memory goes, forget it!


What publishers are looking for these days isn't radical feminism.
It's corporate feminism -- a brand of feminism designed to sell books
and magazines, three-piece suits, airline tickets, Scotch, cigarettes
and, most important, corporate America's message, which runs:  Yes,
women were discriminated against in the past, but that unfortunate
mistake has been remedied; now every woman can attain wealth, prestige
and power by dint of individual rather than collective effort.
		-- Susan Gordon


QOTD:
	"The forest may be quiet, but that doesn't mean
	the snakes have gone away."


The eyes of Texas are upon you,
All the livelong day;
The eyes of Texas are upon you,
You cannot get away;
Do not think you can escape them
From night 'til early in the morn;
The eyes of Texas are upon you
'Til Gabriel blows his horn.
		-- University of Texas' school song


Jim, this is Matty down at Ralph's and Mark's.  Some guy named Angel
Martin just ran up a fifty buck bar tab.  And now he wants to charge it
to you.  You gonna pay it?


Q:	How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Whereas the party of the first part, also known as "Lawyer",
	and the party of the second part, also known as "Light Bulb",
	do hereby and forthwith agree to a transaction wherein the
	party of the second part shall be removed from the current
	position as a result of failure to perform previously agreed
	upon duties, i.e., the lighting, elucidation, and otherwise
	illumination of the area ranging from the front (north) door,
	through the entryway, terminating at an area just inside the
	primary living area, demarcated by the beginning of the carpet,
	any spillover illumination being at the option of the party of
	the second part and not required by the aforementioned agreement
	between the parties.

	The aforementioned removal transaction shall include, but not
	be limited to, the following.  The party of the first part
	shall, with or without elevation at his option, by means of a
	chair, stepstool, ladder or any other means of elevation, grasp
	the party of the second part and rotate the party of the second
	part in a counter-clockwise direction, this point being tendered
	non-negotiable.  Upon reaching a point where the party of the
	second part becomes fully detached from the receptacle, the
	party of the first part shall have the option of disposing of
	the party of the second part in a manner consistent with all
	relevant and applicable local, state and federal statutes.

	Once separation and disposal have been achieved, the party of
	the first part shall have the option of beginning installation.
	Aforesaid installation shall occur in a manner consistent with
	the reverse of the procedures described in step one of this
	self-same document, being careful to note that the rotation
	should occur in a clockwise direction, this point also being
	non-negotiable.

	The above described steps may be performed, at the option of
	the party of the first part, by any or all agents authorized
	by him, the objective being to produce the most possible
	revenue for the Partnership.


A diplomatic husband said to his wife, "How do you expect me to remember
your birthday when you never look any older?"


I'm sorry, but my kharma just ran over your dogma.


Don't be irreplaceable, if you can't be replaced, you can't be promoted.


MOSQUITO:
	The state bird of New Jersey.


