Raising pet electric eels is gaining a lot of current popularity.


A little word of doubtful number,
A foe to rest and peaceful slumber.
If you add an "s" to this,
Great is the metamorphosis.
Plural is plural now no more,
And sweet what bitter was before.
What am I?


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #32:

Q:  Do you know how far pregnant you are right now?
A:  I will be three months November 8th.
Q:  Apparently then, the date of conception was August 8th?
A:  Yes.
Q:  What were you and your husband doing at that time?


All diplomacy is a continuation of war by other means.
		-- Chou En Lai


Had I been present at the creation, I would have given some
useful hints for the better ordering of the universe.
		-- Alfonso the Wise

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to operating system initialization.]


      /\
     \\ \
  / \ \\ /
 / / \/ / //\	SUN of them wants to use you,
 \//\   \// /	SUN of them wants to be used by you,
  / /  /\  /	SUN of them wants to abuse you,
   /  \\ \	SUN of them wants to be abused ...
     \ \\
      \/
		-- Eurythmics


Always leave room to add an explanation if it doesn't work out.


Every time you masturbate, God kills a kitten.

Please, think of the kittens.


	In "King Henry VI, Part II," Shakespeare has Dick Butcher suggest to
his fellow anti-establishment rabble-rousers, "The first thing we do, let's
kill all the lawyers."  That action may be extreme but a similar sentiment
was expressed by Thomas K. Connellan, president of The Management Group, Inc.
Speaking to business executives in Chicago and quoted in Automotive News,
Connellan attributed a measure of America's falling productivity to an excess
of attorneys and accountants, and a dearth of production experts.  Lawyers
and accountants "do not make the economic pie any bigger; they only figure
out how the pie gets divided.  Neither profession provides any added value
to product."
	According to Connellan, the highly productive Japanese society has
10 lawyers and 30 accountants per 100,000 population.  The U.S. has 200
lawyers and 700 accountants.  This suggests that "the U.S. proportion of
pie-bakers and pie-dividers is way out of whack."  Could Dick Butcher have
been an efficiency expert?
		-- Motor Trend, May 1983


I think the world would be a more peaceful place if people
could just keep their fingers out of the fortune files.
		-- Jordan K. Hubbard


Never sleep with a woman whose troubles are worse than your own.
		-- Nelson Algren


Said a lesbian lady, "It's sad;
Of all the girls that I've had,
	None gave me the thrill
	Of real rapture until
I learned how to be a tribade."


Surprise!  You are the lucky winner of random I.R.S Audit!
Just type in your name and social security number.
Please remember that leaving the room is punishable under law:

Name	#




The most romantic thing any woman ever said to me in bed was
"Are you sure you're not a cop?"
		-- Larry Brown


Sometimes a man who deserves to be looked down upon because he is a
fool is despised only because he is a lawyer.
		-- Montesquieu


egrep -n '^[a-z].*\(' $ | sort -t':' +2.0


Hell hath no fury like a bureaucrat scorned.
		-- Milton Friedman


I went to my mother and told her I intended to commence a different life.
I asked for and obtained her blessing and at once commenced the career
of a robber.
		-- Tiburcio Vasquez


Three fine Irish lads, O'Rourke, O'Malley and O'Donnell, worked together at
the local brewery.  One day, as fate would have it, O'Rourke fell into one
of the beer vats and drowned.  O'Malley and O'Donnell, completely crestfallen,
had to break the news to his wife.
	They went 'round the Widow O'Rourke's house and informed her that her
poor dear Patrick had drowned in a beer vat that very day.  Choking back her
tears, she asked them "Tell me now, did me poor Patty suffer much?"
	"I don't think so," replied O'Donnell. "He climbed out twice to take
a piss."


His mind is like a steel trap: full of mice.
		-- Foghorn Leghorn


You know what we can be like:  See a guy and think he's cute one minute, the
next minute our brains have us married with kids, the following minute we see
him having an extramarital affair.  By the time someone says "I'd like you to
meet Cecil," we shout, "You're late again with the child support!"
		-- Cynthia Heimel, "A Girl's Guide to Chaos"


Confession is good for the soul, but bad for the career.


An anthropologist at Tulane has just come back from a field trip to New
Guinea with reports of a tribe so primitive that they have Tide but not
new Tide with lemon-fresh Borax.
		-- David Letterman


Q:	What is orange and goes "click, click?"
A:	A ball point carrot.


Bizoos, n.:
	The millions of tiny individual bumps that make up a
	basketball.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Saint Peteer was once heard to boast
That he'd had all the heavenly host:
	The Father and Son,
	And then - just for fun -
The hole in the Holy Ghost.


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"Without the wind, the grass does not move.  Without software,
	hardware is useless."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Excellent day for putting Slinkies on an escalator.


A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


Most legislators are so dumb that they couldn't pour piss out of a
boot if the instructions were printed on the heel.


I'd love to go out with you, but I have to stay home and see if I
snore.


We are experiencing system trouble -- do not adjust your terminal.


I always had a repulsive need to be something more than human.
		-- David Bowie


Ok, note to all reading this: if I ask for information and you don't
have the information available, don't bother sending me an e-mail
just to tell me that you don't have the information available. Wait
until you do have the information available, and then e-mail me. You'll
save precious time and electrons.
		-- Bill Paul


The Great Movie Posters:

SEE rebel guerrillas torn apart by trucks!
SEE corpses cut to pieces and fed to dogs and vultures!
SEE the monkey trained to perform nursing duties for her paralyzed owner!
		-- Sweet and Savage (1983)

What a Guy!  What a Gal!  What a Pair!
		-- Stroker Ace (1983)

It's always better when you come again!
		-- Porky's II: The Next Day (1983)

You Don't Have to Go to Texas for a Chainsaw Massacre!
		-- Pieces (1983)


The less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag.
		-- Kin Hubbard


Love thy neighbor, tune thy piano.


Time is an illusion, lunchtime doubly so.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


The cart has no place where a fifth wheel could be used.
		-- Herbert von Fritzlar


All men know the utility of useful things;
but they do not know the utility of futility.
		-- Chuang Tzu


Computerfirm nymphomaniac, n.:
	Hot Apple pie.


Today when a man gets married he gets a home, a housekeeper, a cook, a
cheering squad and another paycheck.  When a woman marries, she gets a
boarder.


Often things ARE as bad as they seem!


When I'm gone, boxing will be nothing again.  The fans with the cigars and
the hats turned down'll be there, but no more housewives and little men in
the street and foreign presidents.  It's goin' to be back to the fighter who
comes to town, smells a flower, visits a hospital, blows a horn and says
he's in shape.  Old hat.  I was the onliest boxer in history people asked
questions like a senator.
		-- Muhammad Ali


He who hesitates is sometimes saved.


Auction, n.:
	A gyp off the old block.


In our civilization, and under our republican form of government, intelligence
is so highly honored that it is rewarded by exemption from the cares of office.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


In any formula, constants (especially those obtained from handbooks)
are to be treated as variables.


Ever since I was a young boy,
I've hacked the ARPA net,
From Berkeley down to Rutgers,		He's on my favorite terminal,
Any access I could get,			He cats C right into foo,
But ain't seen nothing like him,	His disciples lead him in,
On any campus yet,			And he just breaks the root,
That deaf, dumb, and blind kid,		Always has full SYS-PRIV's,
Sure sends a mean packet.		Never uses lint,
					That deaf, dumb, and blind kid,
					Sure sends a mean packet.
He's a UNIX wizard,
There has to be a twist.
The UNIX wizard's got			Ain't got no distractions,
Unlimited space on disk.		Can't hear no whistles or bells,
How do you think he does it?		Can't see no message flashing,
I don't know.				Types by sense of smell,
What makes him so good?			Those crazy little programs,
					The proper bit flags set,
					That deaf, dumb, and blind kid,
					Sure sends a mean packet.
		-- UNIX Wizard


In this world there are only two tragedies.  One is
not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it.
		-- Oscar Wilde


You know my heart keeps tellin' me,
You're not a kid at thirty-three,
You play around you lose your wife,
You play too long, you lose your life.
Some gotta win, some gotta lose,
Goodtime Charlie's got the blues.


Rich bachelors should be heavily taxed.  It is not fair that some men
should be happier than others.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Government [is] an illusion the governed should not encourage.
		-- John Updike, "Couples"


You should be a hemorrhoid, you're such a pain in the ass.


This is Maria, Liberty Bail Bonds.  Your client, Todd Lieman, skipped and
his bail is forfeit.  That's the pink slip on your '74 Firebird, I believe.
Sorry, Jim, bring it on over.


The Macintosh is Xerox technology at its best.


Democracy is the name we give the people whenever we need them.
		-- Arman de Caillavet, 1913


Jim, it's Jack.  I'm at the airport.  I'm going to Tokyo and wanna pay
you the five-hundred I owe you.  Catch you next year when I get back!


You cannot see the wood for the trees.
		-- John Heywood


It is not good for a man to be without knowledge,
and he who makes haste with his feet misses his way.
		-- Proverbs 19:2


Two is not equal to three, even for large values of two.


The misnaming of fields of study is so common as to lead to what might be
general systems laws.  For example, Frank Harary once suggested the law that
any field that had the word "science" in its name was guaranteed thereby
not to be a science.  He would cite as examples Military Science, Library
Science, Political Science, Homemaking Science, Social Science, and Computer
Science.  Discuss the generality of this law, and possible reasons for its
predictive power.
		-- Gerald Weinberg, "An Introduction to General Systems
		   Thinking"


This fortune brought to you by:
$FreeBSD: releng/10.1/games/fortune/datfiles/fortunes 268755 2014-07-16 12:41:50Z gavin $


I'm glad that I'm an American,
I'm glad that I am free,
But I wish I were a little doggy,
And McGovern were a tree.


Scrubbing floors and emptying bedpans has as much dignity as the
Presidency.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


If you have never been hated by your child, you have never been a parent.
		-- Bette Davis


I thought there was something fishy about the butler.  Probably a Pisces,
working for scale.
		-- The Firesign Theatre,
		   "The Further Adventures of Nick Danger"


By the yard, life is hard.
By the inch, it's a cinch.


Q:	How many college football players does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	Only one, but he gets three credits for it.


A chronic disposition to inquiry
deprives domestic felines of vital qualities.


Did you ever wonder what you'd say to God if He sneezed?


Nothing succeeds like the appearance of success.
		-- Christopher Lascl


Gosh that takes me back... or is it forward?  That's the trouble with
time travel, you never can tell.
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who: Androids of Tara"


At about 2500 A.D., humankind discovers a computer problem that *must* be
solved.  The only difficulty is that the problem is NP complete and will
take thousands of years even with the latest optical biologic technology
available.  The best computer scientists sit down to think up some solution.
In great dismay, one of the C.S. people tells her husband about it.  There
is only one solution, he says.  Remember physics 103, Modern Physics, general
relativity and all.  She replies, "What does that have to do with solving
a computer problem?"
	"Remember the twin paradox?"
	After a few minutes, she says, "I could put the computer on a very
fast machine and the computer would have just a few minutes to calculate but
that is the exact opposite of what we want... Of course!  Leave the
computer here, and accelerate the earth!"
	The problem was so important that they did exactly that.  When
the earth came back, they were presented with the answer:

	IEH032 Error in JOB Control Card.


I think we're all Bozos on this bus.
		-- The Firesign Theatre


The future lies ahead.


LASER:
	Failed death ray.


Old age is too high a price to pay for maturity.


Behind every great computer sits a skinny little geek.


