In Seattle, Washington, it is illegal to carry a concealed weapon that
is over six feet in length.


I always choose my friends for their good looks and my enemies for their
good intellects.  Man cannot be too careful in his choice of enemies.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Picture of Dorian Gray"


	Rosenberg wanted to leave the country.  "And what is *your*
reason?" asks the official at the Passport Office.
	"I am told a pogrom is being prepared.  Against the Jews and
the barbers," replies Rosenberg.
	"Why the barbers?"
	"Everybody asks that question.  That's why I want to leave."


The 357.73 Theory --
	Auditors always reject expense accounts
	with a bottom line divisible by 5.


Arnold's Laws of Documentation:
	(1) If it should exist, it doesn't.
	(2) If it does exist, it's out of date.
	(3) Only documentation for useless programs transcends the
	    first two laws.


America, how can I write a holy litany in your silly mood?
		-- Allen Ginsberg


And so it goes.  It is humiliating, when you should know better, to become
victim of the timeless story of the little brown dog running across the
freight yard, crossing all the railroad tracks until a switch engine nipped
off the end of his tail between wheel and rail.  The little dog yelped, and
he spun so quickly to check himself out that the next wheel chopped through
his little brown neck.  The moral is, of course, never lose your head over
a piece of tail.
		-- John D. MacDonald, "The Scarlet Ruse"


Office Automation, n.:
	The use of computers to improve efficiency in the office
	by removing anyone you would want to talk with over coffee.


She's the kind of woman you could fall madly in bed with.


My band career ended late in my senior year when John Cooper and I
threw my amplifier out the dormitory window.  We did not act in haste.
First we checked to make sure the amplifier would fit through the
frame, using the belt from my bathrobe to measure, then we picked up
the amplifier and backed up to my bedroom door.  Then we rushed
forward, shouting "The WHO!  The WHO!" and we launched my amplifier
perfectly, as though we had been doing it all our lives, clean through
the window and down onto the sidewalk, where a small but appreciative
crowd had gathered.  I would like to be able to say that this was a
symbolic act, an effort on my part to break cleanly away from one state
in my life and move on to another, but the truth is, Cooper and I
really just wanted to find out what it would sound like.  It sounded
OK.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Snake"


A help wanted add for a photo journalist asked the rhetorical question:

If you found yourself in a situation where you could either save
a drowning man, or you could take a Pulitzer prize winning
photograph of him drowning, what shutter speed and setting would
you use?

		-- Paul Harvey


If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.
		-- Woody Allen


HEY KIDS!  ANN LANDERS SAYS:
	A great way to prevent the tragedy of unwanted pregnancy is to
become a homosexual.  Every year, millions of young men and women, just
like you, are making the clean change to worry-free homosexuality.
They're having more sex than ever, and more fun than ever.  Send 50 cents
today for my leaflet "Gay sexual techniques".  Be sure to specify the
male or female edition.


Job Placement, n.:
	Telling your boss what he can do with your job.


Don't go to bed with no price on your head.
		-- Baretta


Dear Abby:
	I just met the most terrific girl and we get along fabulously.  I
think she's the one for me.  There's just one problem: I can't remember
from our first date if she told me she had TB or VD.  What should I do?
			-- Confused

Dear Confused:
	If she coughs, fuck her.


There are three kinds of lies: Lies, Damned Lies, and Statistics.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli


Turn the other cheek.
		-- Jesus Christ


This "brain-damaged" epithet is getting sorely overworked.  When we can
speak of someone or something being flawed, impaired, marred, spoiled;
batty, bedlamite, bonkers, buggy, cracked, crazed, cuckoo, daft, demented,
deranged, loco, lunatic, mad, maniac, mindless, non compos mentis, nuts,
Reaganite, screwy, teched, unbalanced, unsound, witless, wrong;  senseless,
spastic, spasmodic, convulsive; doped, spaced-out, stoned, zonked;  {beef,
beetle,block,dung,thick}headed, dense, doltish, dull, duncical, numskulled,
pinhead;  asinine, fatuous, foolish, silly, simple;  brute, lumbering, oafish;
half-assed, incompetent; backward, retarded, imbecilic, moronic; when we have
a whole precisely nuanced vocabulary of intellectual abuse to draw upon,
individually and in combination, isn't it a little <fill in the blank> to be
limited to a single, now quite trite, adjective?


When he tried to inject his huge whanger
A young man aroused his girl's anger.
	As they strove in the dark
	She was heard to remark,
"What you need is a zeppelin hanger."


Real programmers don't bring brown-bag lunches.  If the vending machine
doesn't sell it, they don't eat it.  Vending machines don't sell
quiche.


It is possible by ingenuity and at the expense of clarity... {to do almost
anything in any language}.  However, the fact that it is possible to push
a pea up a mountain with your nose does not mean that this is a sensible
way of getting it there.  Each of these techniques of language extension
should be used in its proper place.
		-- Christopher Strachey


Scrubbing floors and emptying bedpans has as much dignity as the
Presidency.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


	"Hello, Police Department."
	"This is Thomas Parrish, 903 Sylvester Court.  I've just been sexually
molested by a pervert, right here in my own home.  It was horrifying!"
	"Just remain calm, sir, and tell me about it."
	"Well, the man came in the window wearing a ski mask.  I was napping
on the bed, in just my pajamas, and the TV set was on so I didn't hear anything.
Suddenly he had his great big old calloused hand over my mouth, holding me down.
I tried to scream... he was pulling my pants off.  I was so frightened!  He
held a knife to my throat and undressed so quickly.  What could I do?  I
couldn't stop him.  He was huge.  A great, hairy, beefy man, more than fifty
pounds heavier than I am, and hung like... Oh! it was terrible.  He had an
erection, and he knelt on my shoulders and forced the awful thing down my
throat; forced me to suck it.  Yes, officer!  There was no escaping this man.
Finally, when I thought I would faint, he got off me and turned me over on
my tummy, forcing my legs apart with his knees, and oh! I'm so embarrassed to
say it, he put that huge thing...  It must have been a foot long, and I don't
know how thick... into my...  Just a minute."
	"What's the matter, mister?"
	"Listen, I have to hang up now, he's getting out of the shower."


Top scientists agree that with the present rate of consumption, the
earth's supply of gravity will be exhausted before the 24th century.
As man struggles to discover cheaper alternatives, we need your help.
Please...

			CONSERVE GRAVITY

Follow these simple suggestions:

(1)  Walk with a light step.  Carry helium balloons if possible.
(2)  Use tape, magnets, or glue instead of paperweights.
(3)  Give up skiing and skydiving for more horizontal sports like
     curling.
(4)  Avoid showers ... take baths instead.
(5)  Don't hang all your clothes in the closet ... Keep them in one big
     pile.
(6)  Stop flipping pancakes


The trouble with opportunity is that it
always comes disguised as hard work.
		-- Herbert V. Prochnow


Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.


If I could reach, I'd never leave the house.
		-- George Carlin


Peter Fellgett's wildcard recipe:
	Into a clean dish, place the dry ingredients and add the
	liquids until the right consistency is obtained. Turn out
	into suitable containers and cook until done.


The shortest distance between any two puns is a straight line.


Necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom.
It is the argument of tyrants; it is the creed of slaves.
		-- William Pitt, 1783


Small is beautiful.
		-- Schumacher's Dictum


Look before you leap.
		-- Samuel Butler


Weekend, where are you?


GAY:
	One who'd rather swish than fight.


Everyone is in the best seat.
		-- John Cage


Well, you see there was this neighborhood that had a priest, a minister, and
a rabbi who lived near each other.  One summer afternoon the priest went out
and bought himself a new car, and the minister and rabbi, not to be outdone,
did the same.
	The next day the priest went out and blessed his car.  The minister
hired a crane and baptized his car in a swimming pool.  The rabbi, after
thinking seriously for a bit, got a hacksaw and cut three inches off the end
of the tail pipe.


Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
		-- W. C. Fields


Rule 46, Oxford Union Society, London:
	Any member introducing a dog into the Society's premises shall
be liable to a fine of one pound.  Any animal leading a blind person
shall be deemed to be a cat.


And this is a table ma'am.  What in essence it consists of is a horizontal
rectilinear plane surface maintained by four vertical columnar supports,
which we call legs.  The tables in this laboratory, ma'am, are as advanced
in design as one will find anywhere in the world.
		-- Michael Frayn, "The Tin Men"


How many weeks are there in a light year?


Do unto others before they undo you.


If you analyse anything, you destroy it.
		-- Arthur Miller


Walt:	Dad, what's gradual school?
Garp:	Gradual school?
Walt:	Yeah.  Mom says her work's more fun now that she's teaching
	gradual school.
Garp:	Oh.  Well, gradual school is someplace you go and gradually
	find out that you don't want to go to school anymore.
		-- The World According To Garp


Rule 46, Oxford Union Society, London:
	Any member introducing a dog into the Society's premises shall
be liable to a fine of one pound.  Any animal leading a blind person
shall be deemed to be a cat.


Around computers it is difficult to find the correct unit of time to
measure progress.  Some cathedrals took a century to complete.  Can you
imagine the grandeur and scope of a program that would take as long?
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


If you want to be ruined, marry a rich woman.
		-- Michelet


The honeymoon is not actually over until we cease
to stifle our sighs and begin to stifle our yawns.
		-- Helen Rowland


	For three years, the young attorney had been taking his brief
vacations at this country inn.  The last time he'd finally managed an
affair with the innkeeper's daughter.  Looking forward to an exciting
few days, he dragged his suitcase up the stairs of the inn, then stopped
short.  There sat his lover with an infant on her lap!
	"Helen, why didn't you write when you learned you were pregnant?"
he cried.  "I would have rushed up here, we could have gotten married,
and the baby would have my name!"
	"Well," she said, "when my folks found out about my condition,
we sat up all night talkin' and talkin' and finally decided it would be
better to have a bastard in the family than a lawyer."


Said a dainty young whore named Ms. Meggs,
"The men like to spread my two legs,
	Then slip in between,
	If you know what I mean,
And leave me the white of their eggs."


Antique fairy tale: Little Red Riding Hood.
Modern fairy tale: Oswald, acting alone, shot Kennedy.


MOCK APPLE PIE (No Apples Needed)

  Pastry to two crust 9-inch pie	36 RITZ Crackers
2 cups water				 2 cups sugar
2 teaspoons cream of tartar		 2 tablespoons lemon juice
  Grated rind of one lemon		   Butter or margarine
  Cinnamon

Roll out bottom crust of pastry and fit into 9-inch pie plate.  Break
RITZ Crackers coarsely into pastry-lined plate.  Combine water, sugar
and cream of tartar in saucepan, boil gently for 15 minutes.  Add lemon
juice and rind.  Cool.  Pour this syrup over Crackers, dot generously
with butter or margarine and sprinkle with cinnamon.  Cover with top
crust.  Trim and flute edges together.  Cut slits in top crust to let
steam escape.  Bake in a hot oven (425 F) 30 to 35 minutes, until crust
is crisp and golden.  Serve warm.  Cut into 6 to 8 slices.
		-- Found lurking on a Ritz Crackers box


Said a lesbian lady, "It's sad;
Of all the girls that I've had,
	None gave me the thrill
	Of real rapture until
I learned how to be a tribade."


I asked the engineer who designed the communication terminal's keyboards
why these were not manufactured in a central facility, in view of the
small number needed [1 per month] in his factory.  He explained that this
would be contrary to the political concept of local self-sufficiency.
Therefore, each factory needing keyboards, no matter how few, manufactures
them completely, even molding the keypads.
		-- Isaac Auerbach, IEEE "Computer", Nov. 1979


Anyone taking offence at fortune(s) is desperately lacking beer, in my
extremely humble opinion.
		-- Philip Paeps


You like to form new friendships and make new acquaintances.


BASIC, n.:
	A programming language.  Related to certain social diseases in
	that those who have it will not admit it in polite company.


Why must you tell me all your secrets when it's hard enough to love
you knowing nothing?
		-- Lloyd Cole and the Commotions


Having lost his potency years before, the octogenarian was desperate to
satisfy his new 18-year-old wife.  He visited a gypsy woman with magical
powers.
	After the man downed a foul-tasting potion, the gypsy said, "There.
Now the words beep-beep will give you an enormous erection.  Repeating
the phrase will make it disappear.  But remember," she cautioned, "it will
work only three times.  Make use of them wisely."
	As the old man left, he decided to test her prediction.  "Beep-beep,"
he said, and sure enough, he got the biggest erection of his life.
"Beep-beep", he repeated.  It went away.
	He sped through traffic on his way home.  "Beep-beep," honked a taxi.
The old man gasped as he instantly got hard.
	"Beep-beep," honked a truck.  His erection wilted.
	Pulling into his driveway at last, the frantic man rushed inside
and found his nubile wife lying on the bed reading a novel.
	"Have I got a surprise for you," he said, tearing off his clothes.
"Beep-beep!"
	"Hold on a second," his wife said, eyeing his magnificent erection.
"What's all this beep-beep shit?"


Menu, n.:
	A list of dishes which the restaurant has just run out of.


A "full" life in my experience is usually full only of other
people's demands.


The eternal feminine draws us upward.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


She often gave herself very good advice
(though she very seldom followed it).
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


A programming language is low level
when its programs require attention to the irrelevant.


Truth can wait; he's used to it.


Feminists just want the human race to be a tie.


Whenever I feel like exercise, I lie down until the feeling passes.


It would be nice to be sure of anything
the way some people are of everything.


	A little dog goes into a saloon in the Wild West, and beckons to
the bartender.  "Hey, bartender, gimmie a whiskey."
	The bartender ignores him.
	"Hey bartender, gimmie a whiskey."
	Still ignored.
	"HEY BARMAN!!  GIMMIE A WHISKEY!!"
	The bartender takes out his six-shooter and shoots the dog in the
leg, and the dog runs out the saloon, howling in pain.
	Three years later, the wee dog appears again, wearing boots,
jeans, chaps, a Stetson, gun belt, and guns.  He ambles slowly into the
saloon, goes up to the bar, leans over it, and says to the bartender,
"I'm here t'git the man that shot muh paw."


The world is a comedy to those who think,
and a tragedy to those who feel.
		-- Horace Walpole


If it ain't broke, don't fix it.


My own feelings are perhaps best described by saying that I am
perfectly aware that there is no Royal Road to Mathematics, in other
words, that I have only a very small head and must live with it.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


A psychiatrist is a person who will give you expensive answers that
your wife will give you for free.


Research is to see what everybody else has seen,
and think what nobody else has thought.


VIRGO (Aug 23 - Sept 22)
	You are the logical type and hate disorder.  This nitpicking is
sickening to your friends.  You are cold and unemotional and sometimes
fall asleep while making love.  Virgos make good bus drivers.


Simulations are like miniskirts, they show a lot and hide the essentials.
		-- Hubert Kirrman


Animals can be driven crazy by putting too many in too small a pen.
Homo sapiens is the only animal that voluntarily does this to himself.
		-- Lazarus Long


Kotex, n.:
	Not the best thing on earth, but next to the best.


When a person goes on a diet, the first thing he loses is his temper.


Nostalgia is living life in the past lane.


The worst part of having success is trying
to find someone who is happy for you.
		-- Bette Midler


we will invent new lullabies, new songs, new acts of love,
we will cry over things we used to laugh &
our new wisdom will bring tears to eyes of gentle
creatures from other planets who were afraid of us till then &
in the end a summer with wild winds &
new friends will be.


Computer programmers never die, they just get lost in the processing.


A person forgives only when they are in the wrong.


Remember, Grasshopper, falling down 1000 stairs begins by tripping over
the first one.
		-- Confusion


A Scotsman clad in a kilt walks up to the counter in an Apothecary.  From
his pocket he takes a plaid condom that has been heavily used, torn, patched,
sewn, and is currently split down one side.  He asks the proprietor, "How much
to replace this, Ian?"  The proprietor says, "Why, Angus, that'll be four
pence."  Then the Scotsman asks, "How much to repair?"  The prop. looks the
condom over carefully, and says "Three pence to repair."  The Scotsman ponders
for a moment, then says, "I'll be back."
	Later in the day, the Scotsman returns with a smile on his face and
says, "Ian, the Regiment has voted to repair!"


FORTUNE TESTS THE GREAT MANAGERS: #6

You are having lunch with a prospective vendor talking about what could be
your best deal of the year.  During the conversation a blonde walks into
the restaurant and she is so stunning you draw your companion's attention
to her and give a vivid description of what you would do if you had her alone
in your hotel.  She walks over to your table and the vendor introduces her as
his daughter.  Your next move is to:

	(a)  Ask for her hand in marriage.
	(b)  Pass out and hope for sympathy.
	(c)  Forget the business; repeat the conversation to the
		daughter and get her number.
	(d)  Turn red and slink off into the men's room.


Man who keep money in jockstrap has financial matters all balled up.


You will pass away very quickly.


Take me drunk,
I'm home again!


Dames lie about anything -- just for practice.
		-- Raymond Chandler


Computer programmers do it byte by byte.


What good is a ticket to the good life,
if you can't find the entrance?


For every credibility gap, there is a gullibility fill.
		-- R. Clopton


I distrust a close-mouthed man.  He generally picks the wrong time to talk
and says the wrong things.  Talking's something you can't do judiciously,
unless you keep in practice.  Now, sir, we'll talk if you like.  I'll tell
you right out, I'm a man who likes talking to a man who likes to talk.
		-- Sidney Greenstreet, "The Maltese Falcon"


Oh wearisome condition of humanity!
Born under one law, to another bound.
		-- Fulke Greville, Lord Brooke


The infliction of cruelty with a good conscience is
a delight to moralists.  That is why they invented hell.
		-- Bertrand Russell


If you've done six impossible things before breakfast, why not round it
off with dinner at Milliway's, the restaurant at the end of the universe.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the End of the Universe"


If you can't understand it, it is intuitively obvious.


Psychologists think they're experimental psychologists.
Experimental psychologists think they're biologists.
Biologists think they're biochemists.
Biochemists think they're chemists.
Chemists think they're physical chemists.
Physical chemists think they're physicists.
Physicists think they're theoretical physicists.
Theoretical physicists think they're mathematicians.
Mathematicians think they're metamathematicians.
Metamathematicians think they're philosophers.
Philosophers think they're gods.


Frobnicate, v.:
	To manipulate or adjust, to tweak.  Derived from FROBNITZ.
Usually abbreviated to FROB.  Thus one has the saying "to frob a
frob".  See TWEAK and TWIDDLE.  Usage: FROB, TWIDDLE, and TWEAK
sometimes connote points along a continuum.  FROB connotes aimless
manipulation; TWIDDLE connotes gross manipulation, often a coarse
search for a proper setting; TWEAK connotes fine-tuning.  If someone is
turning a knob on an oscilloscope, then if he's carefully adjusting it
he is probably tweaking it; if he is just turning it but looking at the
screen he is probably twiddling it; but if he's just doing it because
turning a knob is fun, he's frobbing it.


Halt!!  Who goes there, friend or enema?


Do not count your chickens before they are hatched.
		-- Aesop


Spelling is a lossed art.


But it does move!
		-- Galileo Galilei


HELP!!!! I'm being held prisoner in /usr/share/games/fortune!


The thrill is here, but it won't last long
You'd better have your fun before it moves along...


Overall, the philosophy is to attack the availability problem from two
complementary directions:  to reduce the number of software errors through
rigorous testing of running systems, and to reduce the effect of the remaining
errors by providing for recovery from them.  An interesting footnote to this
design is that now a system failure can usually be considered to be the
result of two program errors:  the first, in the program that started the
problem; the second, in the recovery routine that could not protect the
system.
		-- A. L. Scherr, "Functional Structure of IBM Virtual
		   Storage Operating Systems, Part II: OS/VS-2
		   Concepts and Philosophies,"
		   IBM Systems Journal, Vol. 12, No. 4.


What does education often do?
It makes a straight cut ditch of a free meandering brook.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


One thing they don't tell you about doing experimental physics is that
sometimes you must work under adverse conditions... like a state of sheer
terror.
		-- W. K. Hartmann


An angst-ridden amorist, Fred,
Saw sartorial changes ahead.
	His mind kept on ringing
	With fishy girls singing;
Soft fruit also filled him with dread.
		-- J. Walker, "The Love Song Of J. Alfred Prufrock"


Today's weirdness is tomorrow's reason why.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


If I were a grave-digger or even a hangman, there are some people I could
work for with a great deal of enjoyment.
		-- Douglas Jerrold


Nothing, nothing, nothing, no error, no crime is so absolutely
repugnant to God as everything which is official; and why? because
the official is so impersonal and therefore the deepest insult
which can be offered to a personality.
		-- S. A. Kierkegaard (1813-1855)


When a place gets crowded enough to require ID's, social collapse is not
far away.  It is time to go elsewhere.  The best thing about space travel
is that it made it possible to go elsewhere.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein, "Time Enough For Love"


As long as your ass is pointed at the ground, don't fuck with me.


You may be recognized soon.  Hide.


My analyst told me that I was right out of my head,
	But I said, "Dear Doctor, I think that it is you instead.
Because I have got a thing that is unique and new,
	To prove it I'll have the last laugh on you.
'Cause instead of one head -- I've got two.

And you know two heads are better than one.


What I've done, of course, is total garbage.
		-- R. Willard, Pure Math 430a


	Eugene d'Albert, a noted German composer, was married six times.
At an evening reception which he attended with his fifth wife shortly
after their wedding, he presented the lady to a friend who said politely,
"Congratulations, Herr d'Albert; you have rarely introduced me to so
charming a wife."


Year, n.:
	A period of three hundred and sixty-five disappointments.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Save energy:  Drive a smaller shell.


I used to be Snow White, but I drifted.
		-- Mae West


Misery loves company, but company does not reciprocate.


If God had wanted you to go around nude,
He would have given you bigger hands.


And in the heartbreak years that lie ahead,
Be true to yourself and the Grateful Dead.
		-- Joan Baez


	An eighty-year-old woman is rocking away the afternoon on her
porch when she sees an old, tarnished lamp sitting near the steps.  She
picks it up, rubs it gently, and lo and behold a genie appears!  The genie
tells the woman the he will grant her any three wishes her heart desires.
	After a bit of thought, she says, "I wish I were young and
beautiful!"  And POOF!  In a cloud of smoke she becomes a young, beautiful,
voluptuous woman.
	After a little more thought, she says, "I would like to be rich
for the rest of my life."  And POOF!  When the smoke clears, there are
stacks and stacks of money lying on the porch.
	The genie then says, "Now, madam, what is your final wish?"
	"Well," says the woman, "I would like for you to transform my
faithful old cat, whom I have loved dearly for fifteen years, into a young
handsome prince!"
	And with another billow of smoke the cat is changed into a tall,
handsome, young man, with dark hair, dressed in a dashing uniform.
	As they gaze at each other in adoration, the prince leans over to
the woman and whispers into her ear, "Now, aren't you sorry you had me
fixed?"


	      1/3
	 /\(3)
	 |     2			  1/3
	 |    z dz cos(3 * PI / 9) = ln (e   )
	 |
	\/ 1

The integral of z squared, dz
From 1 to the cube root of 3
	Times the cosine
	Of 3 PI over nine
Is the log of the cube root of e


The Least Successful Executions
	History has furnished us with two executioners worthy of attention.
The first performed in Sydney in Australia.  In 1803 three attempts were
made to hang a Mr. Joseph Samuels.  On the first two of these the rope
snapped, while on the third Mr. Samuels just hung there peacefully until he
and everyone else got bored.  Since he had proved unsusceptible to capital
punishment, he was reprieved.
	The most important British executioner was Mr. James Berry who
tried three times in 1885 to hang Mr. John Lee at Exeter Jail, but on each
occasion failed to get the trap door open.
	In recognition of this achievement, the Home Secretary commuted
Lee's sentence to "life" imprisonment.  He was released in 1917, emigrated
to America and lived until 1933.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Q:	What is the worst story Helen Keller ever read?
A:	A cheese grater.


"The molars, I'm sure, will be all right, the molars can take care of
themselves," the old man said, no longer to me.  "But what will become
of the bicuspids?"
		-- The Old Man and his Bridge


Do your otters do the shimmy?
Do they like to shake their tails?
Do your wombats sleep in tophats?
Is your garden full of snails?


The finest eloquence is that which gets things done.


Don't get suckered in by the comments -- they
can be terribly misleading.  Debug only code.
		-- Dave Storer


