You would if you could but you can't so you won't.


All I want is a girl made of wood,
With fine-grained hair and carven knee.
She wouldn't drink and wouldn't smoke,
Oh, wooden tit be loverly?
		-- Pinocchio


Almost anything derogatory you could say
about today's software design would be accurate.
		-- K. E. Iverson


Mundus vult decipi decipiatur ergo.
		-- Xaviera Hollander

[The world wants to be cheated, so cheat.]


I'm all for computer dating, but I
wouldn't want one to marry my sister.


Don't I know you?


The longer I am out of office, the more infallible I appear to myself.
		-- Henry Kissinger


Every little picofarad has a nanohenry all its own.
		-- Don Vonada


He's the kind of guy, that, well, if you were ever in a jam he'd
be there... with two slices of bread and some chunky peanut butter.


Q:	How many IBM 370s does it take to execute a job?
A:	Four, three to hold it down, and one to rip its head off.


Men take only their needs into consideration -- never their abilities.
		-- Napoleon Bonaparte


Grinnell's Law of Labor Laxity:
	At all times, for any task, you have not got enough done today.


Life is a gamble at terrible odds, if it was a bet you wouldn't take it.
		-- Tom Stoppard, "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead"


Fun experiments:
	Get a can of shaving cream, throw it in a freezer for about a week.
	Then take it out, peel the metal off and put it where you want...
	bedroom, car, etc.  As it thaws, it expands an unbelievable amount.


Most people wouldn't know music if it came up and bit them on the ass.
		-- Frank Zappa


Computer programmers do it byte by byte.


GEORGIA:
	Where kinky sex means getting laid.


Remember, God could only create the world in 6 days because he didn't
have an established user base.


What's the ugliest part of your body?
What's the ugliest part of your body?
Some say your nose,
Some say your toes,
But I think it's your mind.
		-- Frank Zappa, 1965


Give me a Plumber's friend the size of the Pittsburgh
dome, and a place to stand, and I will drain the world.


The Gordian Maxim:
If a string has one end, it has another.


Sam:   What do you know there, Norm?
Norm:  How to sit.  How to drink.  Want to quiz me?
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd

Sam:   Hey, how's life treating you there, Norm?
Norm:  Beats me. ...  Then it kicks me and leaves me for dead.
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd

Woody: How would a beer feel, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Pretty nervous if I was in the room.
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd


Beauty and harmony are as necessary to you as the very breath of life.


Mike:	"The Fourth Dimension is a shambles?"
Bernie:	"Nobody ever empties the ashtrays.  People are SO
	inconsiderate."
		-- Gary Trudeau, "Doonesbury"


Seems like this guy is hitting up on a woman in a bar.  After assiduously
pursuing her for several minutes, she leans forward and tells him that he's
a nice guy and all that, but, well, that she's a lesbian.  Confused, he asks
her what that means.
	"Well," she replies, "you see that woman at the corner table?"
	"Yeah..."
	"I'd like to walk over to her, and unbottom her blouse."
	"Yeah..."
	"And then I'd like to kiss her and suck on her nipples... and
then I'd like to take off her skirt... and run my hand over her thighs..."
	"Right!  Right!" interrupts the guy.  "I think I'm a lesbian too!"


That's always the way when you discover
something new; everyone thinks you're crazy.
		-- Evelyn E. Smith


Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, Jack Frost nipping at your nose?
Norm:  Yep, now let's get Joe Beer nipping at my liver, huh?
		-- Cheers, Feeble Attraction

Sam:  What are you up to Norm?
Norm: My ideal weight if I were eleven feet tall.
		-- Cheers, Bar Wars III: The Return of Tecumseh

Woody: Nice cold beer coming up, Mr. Peterson.
Norm:  You mean, `Nice cold beer going *down* Mr. Peterson.'
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd


If you wish to live wisely, ignore sayings -- including this one.


Howard Cosell's biggest protrusion is his asshole.
		-- John Valby


Due to a mixup in urology, orange juice will not be served this morning.


The easy confidence with which I know another man's religion is folly
teaches me to suspect that my own is also.

I would not interfere with any one's religion, either to strengthen it
or to weaken it.  I am not able to believe one's religion can affect his
hereafter one way or the other, no matter what that religion may be.
But it may easily be a great comfort to him in this life -- hence it is a
valuable possession to him.

I do not see how eternal punishment hereafter could accomplish any good
end, therefore I am not able to believe in it. To chasten a man in order
to perfect him might be reasonable enough; to annihilate him when he shall
have proved himself incapable of reaching perfection might be reasonable
enough; but to roast him forever for the mere satisfaction of seeing him
roast would not be reasonable -- even the atrocious God imagined by the Jews
would tire of the spectacle eventually.
		-- Mark Twain


Impossible, adj.:
	(1) I wouldn't like it and when it happens I won't approve;
	(2) I can't be bothered;
	(3) God can't be bothered.
Meaning (3) may perhaps be valid but the others are 101% whaledreck.
		-- Chad C. Mulligan, "The Hipcrime Vocab"


A man is only as old as the woman he feels.
		-- Groucho Marx


Good government never depends upon laws, but upon the personal qualities of
those who govern.  The machinery of government is always subordinate to the
will of those who administer that machinery.  The most important element of
government, therefore, is the method of choosing leaders.
		-- Frank Herbert, "Children of Dune"


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(34) The fact that there will always be poor people is not the fault of
     the rich.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


INDEX:
	Alphabetical list of words of no possible interest where an
	alphabetical list of subjects with references ought to be.


I am a computer.
I am dumber than any human and smarter than any administrator.


Agree with them now, it will save so much time.


If you're speaking of actions immoral
The how about giving the laurel
	To doughty Queen Esther,
	No three men could best her --
One fore, and one aft, and one oral.


I remember Ulysses well...  Left one day for the post office
to mail a letter, met a blonde named Circe on the streetcar,
and didn't come back for 20 years.


Linus:	Hi!  I thought it was you.
	I've been watching you from way off...  You're looking great!
Snoopy:	That's nice to know.
	The secret of life is to look good at a distance.


Simulated fortune:

	The head and in frontal attack on an english writer that the
	character of this point is therefore another method for the
	letters that the time of who ever told the problem for an
	unexpected.

		-- by Claude E. Shannon


Have a nice diurnal anomaly.


The little old lady rushed into the taxidermist and unwrapped a package
containing two recently deceased monkeys.  Her instructions to the proprietor
were delivered in a welter of tears.
	"Favorite pets... (blubber,sob)... caught cold... (moan)...  Don't
see how I'll live without them... (weep,sob)... want to have them stuffed...
(blubber,blubber)!"
	"Of course, madam," said the proprietor in an understanding voice,
"and would you care to have them mounted?"
	"Oh, no," she sobbed, "shaking hands.  They were just close friends."


Tart words make no friends; a spoonful of honey
will catch more flies than a gallon of vinegar.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Advice from an old carpenter: measure twice, saw once.


An optimist is a man who looks forward to marriage.
A pessimist is a married optimist.


A reactionary is a man whose political opinions always manage to keep
up with yesterday.


Oh, I could while away the hours,
Smoking herbs and flowers,
Shooting up my veins,
	De-dum, De-dum, De-dum
Tell you, I've been a-thinkin'
I could drive a shiny Lincoln,
If I dealt in good cocaine.
		-- To "If I Only Had A Brain" from "The Wizard of Oz"


The Microsoft Exchange MTA Stacks service depends on the Microsoft Exchange
System Attendant service which failed to start because of the following
error:

The operation completed successfully.

For more information, see Help and Support Center at
http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/events.asp.


YOUR FOAMY FUTURE
	by Miss Fortune

CANCER (Jun 22 - July 22)
	You've been awarded a clean bill of health this month and you feel
you owe it all to the excessive amount of Vitamin B, Iron, and Malt you get
in your beer.  Being healthy is admirable but don't you think you're going
to feel stupid one day lying in a hospital dying of nothing?

LEO (July 23 - August 22)
	You will soon acquire a large sum of money and will be in seventh
heaven as you head to the nearest Liquor Barn and buy all the beer they have
in stock.  Whoever said money couldn't buy happiness didn't know where to
shop.

VIRGO (August 23 - September 22)
	Your late night, beer drinking, "life in the fast lane" parties are
affecting your job production the next morning.  You feel a nine to five job
is not for a "party animal" such as yourself and may feel the need for a
career change.  Just remember, people who work sitting down get paid more
than people who work standing up.


There are ten or twenty basic truths, and life
is the process of discovering them over and over and over.
		-- David Nichols


There is nothing so easy but that it becomes difficult
when you do it reluctantly.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)


This is the first age that's paid much attention to the future,
which is a little ironic since we may not have one.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke


Cynic, n.:
	A blackguard whose faulty vision sees things as they are, not
	as they ought to be.  Hence the custom among the Scythians of
	plucking out a cynic's eyes to improve his vision.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Flying is the second greatest feeling you can have.  The greatest feeling?
Landing...  Landing is the greatest feeling you can have.


The old complaint that mass culture is designed for eleven-year-olds
is of course a shameful canard.  The key age has traditionally been
more like fourteen.
		-- Robert Christgau, "Esquire"


Welcome to UNIX!  Enjoy your session!  Have a great time!  Note the
use of exclamation points!  They are a very effective method for
demonstrating excitement, and can also spice up an otherwise plain-looking
sentence!  However, there are drawbacks!  Too much unnecessary exclaiming
can lead to a reduction in the effect that an exclamation point has on
the reader!  For example, the sentence

	Jane went to the store to buy bread

should only be ended with an exclamation point if there is something
sensational about her going to the store, for example, if Jane is a
cocker spaniel or if Jane is on a diet that doesn't allow bread or if
Jane doesn't exist for some reason!  See how easy it is?!  Proper control
of exclamation points can add new meaning to your life!  Call now to receive
my free pamphlet, "The Wonder and Mystery of the Exclamation Point!"!
Enclose fifteen(!) dollars for postage and handling!  Operators are
standing by!  (Which is pretty amazing, because they're all cocker spaniels!)


The average, healthy, well-adjusted adult gets up at seven-thirty in
the morning feeling just terrible.
		-- Jean Kerr


There's a handsome boy who tells me how I've changed his past.  He buys me
a brandy...  Could it be he's really just after my ass?
		-- Pete Townshend, "How Many Friends"


CREDITOR:
	A man who has a better memory than a debtor.


FreeBSD Trivia:
	Did you know that successive security officers take
control by beheading their predecessor?
		-- Robert Watson


Space tells matter how to move and matter tells space how to curve.
		-- Wheeler


Around the turn of this century, a composer named Camille Saint-Saens wrote
a satirical zoological-fantasy called "Le Carnaval des Animaux."  Aside from
one movement of this piece, "The Swan", Saint-Saens didn't allow this work
to be published or even performed until a year had elapsed after his death.
(He died in 1921.)
	Most of us know the "Swan" movement rather well, with its smooth,
flowing cello melody against a calm background; but I've been having this
fantasy...
	What if he had written this piece with lyrics, as a song to be sung?
And, further, what if he had accompanied this song with a musical saw?  (This
instrument really does exist, often played by percussionists!)  Then the
piece would be better known as:
	SAINT-SAENS' SAW SONG "SWAN"!


The Tree of Learning bears the noblest fruit, but noble fruit tastes bad.


I went to the museum where they had all the heads and arms from the
statues that are in all the other museums.
		-- Steven Wright


When Cthulhu calls, He calls collect!


Q:	Why do mountain climbers rope themselves together?
A:	To prevent the sensible ones from going home.


Well, we've come full circle, Lord; I'd like to think there's some
higher meaning to all this.  It would certainly reflect well on you.


The girls that go to see a man's etchings
may not know art, but they know what they like.


We are what we pretend to be.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr.


I'd like to start a new religion.  One that doesn't use a dead young
man as its logo.
		-- Bill Cain, "Stand Up Tragedy"


Things past redress and now with me past care.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"


After the game the king and the pawn go in the same box.
		-- Italian proverb


Atheism is a non-prophet organization.


Why not, for example, offer a brand-new Mustang convertible to every girl
who consents to having her Fallopian tubes tied in a Gordian knot?  ... It
would have the additional benefit of eliminating from the gene pool those
stupid enough to consent to such a deal.
		-- Edward Abbey


If only you knew she loved you, you could
face the uncertainty of whether you love her.


E.T. GO HOME!!!  (And take your Smurfs with you.)


We promise according to our hopes, and perform according to our fears.


If you want to put yourself on the map, publish your own map.


Sir, it's very possible this asteroid is not stable.
		-- C-3PO


My calculator is my shepherd, I shall not want
It maketh me accurate to ten significant figures,
	and it leadeth me in scientific notation to 99 digits.
It restoreth my square roots and guideth me along paths of floating
	decimal points for the sake of precision.
Yea, tho I walk through the valley of surprise quizzes,
	I will fear no prof, for my calculator is there to hearten me.
It prepareth a log table to comfort me, it prepareth an
	arc sin for me in the presence of my teachers.
It anoints my homework with correct solutions, my interpolations are
	over.
Surely, both precision and accuracy shall follow me all the days of my
	life, and I shall dwell in the house of Texas instruments forever.


	"What do you give a man who has everything?" the pretty teenager
asked her mother.
	"Encouragement, dear," she replied.


The Marines:
	The few, the proud, the dead on the beach.


Emerson's Law of Contrariness:
	Our chief want in life is somebody who shall make us do
	what we can.  Having found them, we shall then hate them
	for it.


The liberals can understand everything but people who don't understand them.
		-- Lenny Bruce


I do enjoy a good long walk -- especially when my wife takes one.


If you could only get that wonderful feeling of
accomplishment without having to accomplish anything.


Un moine au milieu de la messe		A monk in the middle of mass
S'eleva et cria en detresse;		Stood up and cried out in distress;
	"La vie religieuse,			"The religious life
	C'est sale et affreuse,"		Is dirty and horrid,"
Et se poignarda dans les fesses.	And stabbed himself in the ass.
		-- Edward Gorey


It's hard to keep your shirt on when
you're getting something off your chest.


I really look with commiseration over the great body of my fellow citizens
who, reading newspapers, live and die in the belief that they have known
something of what has been passing in their time.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Ladybug, ladybug,
Look to your stern!
Your house is on fire,
Your children will burn!
So jump ye and sing, for
The very first time
The four lines above
Have been put into rhyme.
		-- Walt Kelly


QOTD:
	"My mother was the travel agent for guilt trips."


If food be the music of love, eat up, eat up.


Here's to the woman beautiful and divine
she flowers every month bears fruit every nine
she's the only creature 'tween heaven and hell
can get the juice from a nut without cracking the shell.


	Once in a medieval times...there was a King who was getting sort of
bored after dinner one night.  He decided to hold a contest of who at the
court had the mightiest "weapon".  The first knight stood up and proclaimed
that he had the mightiest weapon... he pulled down his pants and tied a 5
pound weight around it.  The weapon doth rose.  The crowds cheered... the
women swooned... the children waved multi-colored banners... and the band
played appropriate music.
	Another knight stood up and claimed that he had the mightiest weapon.
He dropped his pants and tied a 10 pound weight to himself.  The weapon doth
rose. The crowds cheered... the women swooned... the children waved
multi-colored banners...  and the band played appropriate music.
	After several more knights tried to prove their superiority...  the
King finally spoke out. "I have the mightiest weapon of them all!" He dropped
his pants and tied, not a 10 pound, not a 20 pound, not ever a thirty pound,
but a 40 pound weight, plus a coffee pot, to himself. The weapon doth rose.
The crowds cheered...  the women swooned... the children waved multi-colored
banners... and the band played "God Save the Queen."


He used to kiss her on her lips, but it's all over now.


It's not an optical illusion, it just looks like one.
		-- Phil White


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL:		#37
	Can you name the seven seas?
		Antarctic, Arctic, North Atlantic, South Atlantic, Indian,
		North Pacific, South Pacific.
	Can you name the seven dwarfs from Snow White?
		Doc, Dopey, Sneezy, Happy, Grumpy, Sleepy and Bashful.


California is proud to be the home of the freeway.
		-- Ronald Reagan


Power and ignorance is a detestable cocktail.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Statistics are no substitute for judgment.
		-- Henry Clay


I guess the Little League is even littler than we thought.
		-- D. Cavett


A yawn is a silent shout.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


Kumquat, n.:
	Any of several small citrus fruits with sweet spongy rind and
	somewhat acidic pulp that are used chiefly for preserves.
	Extremely popular in some forms of sexual intercourse.  In fact,
	an early indication that your partner is willing to experiment
	sexually may be a rather insistent moaning of "kumquat, kumquat"
	during orgasm.

	Note: this is *not* to be confused with a warning from your
	partner that his/her parents are upstairs and probably awake.


A man goes into a bar and begins to tell a Polish joke.  The man sitting
next to him, a big hulking powerhouse, turns and says menacingly, "*I'm*
Polish."
	He then calls out, "Ivan!  Come over here and bring your brother."
Two men, bigger than the first, appear from the back room.
	"Josef!" the man calls out, "come here a second, and bring Lendl
with you."  Two more men appear, and all five men crowd around the man with
the joke.
	"Now," says the first Polish man, "do you want to finish that joke?"
	"Nah," says the man.
	"Oh, no?  And why not?  I'm sure it was very funny," says the Polish
man, opening and closing his fist.  "Are you scared?"
	"No," replies the man.  "I just don't feel like having to explain it
five times."


There are some things we mustn't expose,
So we hide them away in our clothes.
	Oh, it's shocking to stare
	At what's certainly there--
But why this is so, heaven knows.


I am not now, nor have I ever been, a member of the demigodic party.
		-- Dennis M. Ritchie


It's the thought, if any, that counts!


The term "fire" brings up visions of violence and mayhem and the ugly scene
of shooting employees who make mistakes.  We will now refer to this process
as "deleting" an employee (much as a file is deleted from a disk).  The
employee is simply there one instant, and gone the next.  All the terrible
temper tantrums, crying, and threats are eliminated.
		-- Kenny's Korner


While having never invented a sin,
I'm trying to perfect several.


Whatever occurs from love is always beyond good and evil.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


LSD melts in your mind, not in your hand.


Man who arrives at party two hours late
will find he has been beaten to the punch.


If a jury in a criminal trial stays out for more than twenty-four hours, it
is certain to vote acquittal, save in those instances where it votes guilty.
		-- Joseph C. Goulden


We're constantly being bombarded by insulting and humiliating music, which
people are making for you the way they make those Wonder Bread products.
Just as food can be bad for your system, music can be bad for your spiritual
and emotional feelings.  It might taste good or clever, but in the long run,
it's not going to do anything for you.
		-- Bob Dylan, "LA Times", September 5, 1984


Yes, that was Richard Nixon.  He used to be President.  When he left
the White House, the Secret Service would count the silverware.
		-- Woody Allen, "Sleeper"


Pipo was born with few complications, but then the doctor accidentally dropped
the infant on her head provoking her drunken father to drag the physician
outside where he would beat him to death with a live ocelot.
		-- Love and Rockets


I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I've ever known.
		-- Walt Disney


Dear Mister Language Person: What is the purpose of the apostrophe?

Answer: The apostrophe is used mainly in hand-lettered small business signs
to alert the reader than an "S" is coming up at the end of a word, as in:
WE DO NOT EXCEPT PERSONAL CHECK'S, or: NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY ITEM'S.
Another important grammar concept to bear in mind when creating hand- lettered
small-business signs is that you should put quotation marks around random
words for decoration, as in "TRY" OUR HOT DOG'S, or even TRY "OUR" HOT DOG'S.
		-- Dave Barry, "Tips for Writer's"


My uncle was the town drunk -- and we lived in Chicago.
		-- George Gobel


Hear about...
	the insurance salesman who says his greatest successes are
	with young housewives who aren't adequately covered?


(defun NF (a c)
  (cond ((null c) () )
	((atom (car c))
	  (append (list (eval (list 'getchar (list (car c) 'a) (cadr c))))
		 (nf a (cddr c))))
	(t (append (list (implode (nf a (car c)))) (nf a (cdr c))))))

(defun AD (want-job challenging boston-area)
  (cond
   ((or (not (equal want-job 'yes))
	(not (equal boston-area 'yes))
	(lessp challenging 7)) () )
   (t (append (nf  (get 'ad 'expr)
	  '((caaddr 1 caadr 2 car 1 car 1)
	    (car 5 cadadr 9 cadadr 8 cadadr 9 caadr 4 car 2 car 1)
	    (car 2 caadr 4)))
      (list '851-5071x2661)))))
;;;     We are an affirmative action employer.


I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person.


The first rule of magic is simple.  Don't waste your time waving your
hands and hoping when a rock or a club will do.
		-- McCloctnik the Lucid


And in the heartbreak years that lie ahead,
Be true to yourself and the Grateful Dead.
		-- Joan Baez


Paranoia doesn't mean the whole world isn't out to get you.


