I love you, not only for what you are,
but for what I am when I am with you.
		-- Roy Croft


The lunatic, the lover, and the poet,
Are of imagination all compact...
		-- William Shakespeare, "A Midsummer Night's Dream"


Feminists just want the human race to be a tie.


I know what "custody" [of the children] means.  "Get even."  That's all
custody means.  Get even with your old lady.
		-- Lenny Bruce


Nature abhors a virgin -- a frozen asset.
		-- Clare Booth Luce


Fill what's empty, empty what's full, scratch where it itches.
		-- Alice Roosevelt Longworth


I never loved another person the way I loved myself.
		-- Mae West


If swimming is so good for your figure, how come whales look the
way they do?


My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four.
Unless there are three other people.
		-- Orson Welles


You can always pick up your needle and move to another groove.
		-- Tim Leary


Disco is to music what Etch-A-Sketch is to art.


May you live in uninteresting times.
		-- Chinese proverb


Said the cunt-lapping Bey of Algiers,
In a cunt halfway up to his ears:
	"This nautch is delicious,
	 And without doubt nutritious.
She's my best-tasting wife in ten years!"


Ask your boss to reconsider -- it's so difficult to take "Go to hell"
for an answer.


T:	One big monster, he called TROLL.
	He don't rock, and he don't roll;
	Drink no wine, and smoke no stogies.
	He just Love To Eat Them Roguies.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC


To vacillate or not to vacillate, that is the question ... or is it?


Enjoy yourself while you're still old.


Don't worry -- the brontosaurus is slow, stupid, and placid.


Meet Elmer, young son of the Thorpes,
Afflicted with psychotic warps.
	His idea of fun
	Is to bugger a nun,
And then vomit all over the corpse.


LA:
	Where the only way to determine that the seasons have changed
	is to note that people have changed the main topic of conversation.
	From mud slides to brush fires.


Without fools there would be no wisdom.


You are wise, witty, and wonderful,
but you spend too much time reading this sort of trash.


Battle, n.:
	A method of untying with the teeth a political knot that
	will not yield to the tongue.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


MEMORIES OF MY FAMILY MEETINGS still are a source of strength to me.  I
remember we'd all get into the car -- I forget what kind it was -- and
drive and drive.

I'm not sure where we'd go, but I think there were some bees there. The
smell of something was strong in the air as we played whatever sport we
played.  I remember a bigger, older guy whom we called "Dad."  We'd eat
some stuff or not and then I think we went home.

I guess some things never leave you.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


You can't take it with you --
especially when crossing a state line.


Tri Delts; everyone else has.


Curiosity killed the cat, but satisfaction brought her back.


Mr. Salter's side of the conversation was limited to expressions of assent.
When Lord Copper was right he said "Definitely, Lord Copper"; when he was
wrong, "Up to a point."
	"Let me see, what's the name of the place I mean?  Capital of Japan?
Yokohama isn't it?"
	"Up to a point, Lord Copper."
	"And Hong Kong definitely belongs to us, doesn't it?"
	"Definitely, Lord Copper."
		-- Evelyn Waugh, "Scoop"


Bunker's Admonition:
	You cannot buy beer; you can only rent it.


As Rev. Spooner would say, you are a shining wit.


	7,140	pounds on the Sun
	   97	pounds on Mercury or Mars
	  255	pounds on Earth
	  232	pounds on Venus or Uranus
	   43	pounds on the Moon
	  648	pounds on Jupiter
	  275	pounds on Saturn
	  303	pounds on Neptune
	   13	pounds on Pluto

		-- How much Elvis Presley would weigh at various places
		   in the solar system.


AQUARIUS (Jan. 20 to Feb. 18)
	A friend will step forward and confide in you about your breath.  Rely
	on your outgoing personality and winning smile to get you into a lot
	of trouble.  Be relaxed, things will change.  Look for a pink slip on
	payday.  Stop wetting your bed.


PS: This message is not intended to supply the minimum
daily requirement of serious thought.  Consult your doctor
or pharmacist, but not the one that just sent you electronic
junk mail or promises to make explicit drugs fast.
		-- taken from Norman Wilson's .sig


Help stamp out and abolish redundancy!


'Martyrdom' is the only way a person can become famous without ability.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


It is better to give than to lend, and it costs about the same.


Rejection, n.:
	When you're masturbating and your hand falls asleep.


Moe:	Wanna play poker tonight?
Joe:	I can't. It's the kids' night out.
Moe:	So?
Joe:	I gotta stay home with the nurse.


Ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny.


No man in the world has more courage than the man who can stop after eating
one peanut.
		-- Channing Pollock


Once upon a time there was a farmer who owned a large number of chickens and
made money by selling chickens to a local distributing company.  The farmer
wanted to increase his business, and so went to market to buy another rooster.
"This rooster," assured the vendor, "is my best.  He's virile and energetic
and will take care of all your chickens!"  The farmer, delighted at this,
bought the rooster and returned to his farm.  He set the rooster loose among
his hen houses and, sure enough, the rooster enthusiastically went to work.
It wasn't too long, however, before the rooster finished off all the hens and
began on the few geese and ducks that were on the farm.  "If you keep up this
rate," warned the farmer, "you'll screw yourself to death!"  The rooster,
however, scoffed at the farmer and continued at an increased speed.  The next
morning, the farmer was doing his chores when he noticed several buzzards in
the sky circling over something.  He headed out behind the barn, and sure
enough there was the rooster, flat on his back, with eyes closed.  The farmer
shook his fist at the motionless body and cursed, shouting "I knew it!  I told
you so!  I knew you'd screw yourself to death!"  The rooster turned his head
toward the farmer, opened one eye, and winked.  "Shhh!" he said, pointing to
the birds above.  "I think they're coming down."


Now I lay me back to sleep.
The speaker's dull; the subject's deep.
If he should stop before I wake,
Give me a nudge for goodness' sake.
		-- Anonymous


All husbands are alike, but they have different faces so you can tell
them apart.


A fitter fits;				Though sinners sin
A cutter cuts;				And thinners thin
And an aircraft spotter spots;		And paper-blotters blot
A baby-sitter				I've never yet
Baby-sits --				Had letters let
But an otter never ots.			Or seen an otter ot.

A batter bats
(Or scatters scats);
A potting shed's for potting;
But no one's found
A bounder bound
Or caught an otter otting.
		-- Ralph Lewin


Here I sit, my cheeks a flexin',
Just gave birth to another Texan.


The Fortune Travel Agency offers a special... Vacation in Hell!
	-- Grace Kelly drives you to the airport.
	-- Thurman Munson flies you to a remote tropical island.
	-- Ted Kennedy's your chauffeur on the island.
	-- You go yachting with Natalie Wood.
	-- You have drinks with William Holden.
	-- And Roman Polanski stays at home and watches your kids.


Everyone was born right-handed.
Only the greatest overcome it.


Adult, n.:
	One old enough to know better.


I think that I shall never hear
A poem lovelier than beer.
The stuff that Joe's Bar has on tap,
With golden base and snowy cap.
The stuff that I can drink all day
Until my mem'ry melts away.
Poems are made by fools, I fear
But only Schlitz can make a beer.


The problem ... is that we have run out of dinosaurs to form oil with.
Scientists working for the Department of Energy have tried to form oil
using other animals; they've piled thousands of tons of sand and Middle
Eastern countries on top of cows, raccoons, haddock, laboratory rats,
etc., but so far all they have managed to do is run up an enormous
bulldozer-rental bill and anger a lot of Middle Eastern persons.  None
of the animals turned into oil, although most of the laboratory rats
developed cancer.
		-- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"


Well, my terminal's locked up, and I ain't got any Mail,
And I can't recall the last time that my program didn't fail;
I've got stacks in my structs, I've got arrays in my queues,
I've got the : Segmentation violation -- Core dumped blues.

If you think that it's nice that you get what you C,
Then go : illogical statement with your whole family,
'Cause the Supreme Court ain't the only place with : Bus error views.
I've got the : Segmentation violation -- Core dumped blues.

On a PDP-11, life should be a breeze,
But with VAXen in the house even magnetic tapes would freeze.
Now you might think that unlike VAXen I'd know who I abuse,
I've got the : Segmentation violation -- Core dumped blues.
		-- Core Dumped Blues


Accidents cause History.

If Sigismund Unbuckle had taken a walk in 1426 and met Wat Tyler, the
Peasant's Revolt would never have happened and the motor car would not
have been invented until 2026, which would have meant that all the oil
could have been used for lamps, thus saving the electric light bulb and
the whale, and nobody would have caught Moby Dick or Billy Budd.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


To say that UNIX is doomed is pretty rabid, OS/2 will certainly play a role,
but you don't build a hundred million instructions per second multiprocessor
micro and then try to run it on OS/2.  I mean, get serious.
		-- William Zachmann, International Data Corp


Immanuel doesn't pun, he Kant.


You roll my log, and I will roll yours.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca


Never try to explain computers to a layman.  It's easier to explain
sex to a virgin.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein

(Note, however, that virgins tend to know a lot about computers.)


The 11 is for people with the pride of a 10 and the pocketbook of an 8.
		-- R. B. Greenberg


Let your conscience be your guide.
		-- Pope


YOUR FOAMY FUTURE
	by Miss Fortune

ARIES (March 21 - April 19)
	Matters are not good, where your health is concerned.  This Fall, be
sure to "walk groundly, talk profoundly, drink roundly, and sleep soundly"
and you will live all the days of your life.

TAURUS (April 20 - May 20)
	You spent a fortune on beer this past summer and now find yourself
in a deep depression because you can't afford even one of your favorite
brewskis.  Don't fret too much, Taurus.  To get back on your feet simply
miss two car payments.

GEMINI (May 21 - June 21)
	You think you're falling in love with a person who has a lot in
common with yourself.  You both prefer ales, you've both tried your hand
at homebrewing, and you both want to visit every new brewpub that opens.
Sounds impressive but remember you really don't know your partner until
you meet in court.


The Least Perceptive Literary Critic
	The most important critic in our field of study is Lord Halifax.  A
most individual judge of poetry, he once invited Alexander Pope round to
give a public reading of his latest poem.
	Pope, the leading poet of his day, was greatly surprised when Lord
Halifax stopped him four or five times and said, "I beg your pardon, Mr.
Pope, but there is something in that passage that does not quite please me."
	Pope was rendered speechless, as this fine critic suggested sizeable
and unwise emendations to his latest masterpiece.  "Be so good as to mark
the place and consider at your leisure.  I'm sure you can give it a better
turn."
	After the reading, a good friend of Lord Halifax, a certain Dr.
Garth, took the stunned Pope to one side.  "There is no need to touch the
lines," he said.  "All you need do is leave them just as they are, call on
Lord Halifax two or three months hence, thank him for his kind observation
on those passages, and then read them to him as altered.  I have known him
much longer than you have, and will be answerable for the event."
	Pope took his advice, called on Lord Hallifax and read the poem
exactly as it was before.  His unique critical faculties had lost none of
their edge.  "Ay", he commented, "now they are perfectly right.  Nothing can
be better."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


WARNING:
	Reading this fortune can affect the dimensionality of your
	mind, change the curvature of your spine, cause the growth
	of hair on your palms, and make a difference in the outcome
	of your favorite war.


I see where we are starting to pay some attention to our neighbors to
the south.  We could never understand why Mexico wasn't just crazy about
us; for we have always had their good will, and oil and minerals, at heart.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


Saint Peteer was once heard to boast
That he'd had all the heavenly host:
	The Father and Son,
	And then - just for fun -
The hole in the Holy Ghost.


Jack and Jill went up the hill
Each had a buck and a quarter.
Jill came down with two-fifty
That fuckin' whore.
		-- Andrew "Dice" Clay


		Safety Tips for the Post-Nuclear Existence
1.	Never use an elevator in a building that has been hit by a
		nuclear bomb, use the stairs.
2.	When you're flying through the air, remember to roll
		when you hit the ground.
3.	If you're on fire, avoid gasoline and other flammable materials.
4.	Don't attempt communication with dead people; it will only lead
		to psychological problems.
5.	Food will be scarce, you will have to scavenge.  Learn to recognize
		foods that will be available after the bomb: mashed potatoes,
		shredded wheat, tossed salad, ground beef, etc.
6.	Put your hand over your mouth when you sneeze, internal organs
		will be scarce in the post-nuclear age.
7.	Try to be neat, fall only in designated piles.
8.	Drive carefully in "Heavy Fallout" areas, people could be
		staggering illegally.
9.	Nutritionally, hundred dollar bills are equal to one's, but more
		sanitary due to limited circulation.
10.	Accumulate mannequins now, spare parts will be in short
		supply on D-Day.


	... But among the children of the Great Society there were
those whose skins were black.  And lo!  Their portion was niggardly,
and of the fatted calf they were sucking hind teat ...
	Now it came to pass that a prophet rose up amongst them, and
they called him King.  And he went unto Pharaoh and said, "Let my
people go to the front of the bus."
	But Pharaoh answered: "In the fullness of time and with all
deliberate speed shall this thing come to pass.  When ye shall prove
yourselves worthy, shall ye have your just portion -- yea, verily, like
unto a snowball in Hell."
		-- "The Begatting of a President"


Automobile, n.:
	A four-wheeled vehicle that runs up hills and down
	pedestrians.


A person is just about as big as the things that make him angry.


Love isn't only blind, it's also deaf, dumb, and stupid.


You can't judge a book by the way it wears its hair.


Our sires' age was worse that our grandsires'.
We their sons are more worthless than they:
so in our turn we shall give the world a progeny yet more corrupt.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


You are in the hall of the mountain king.


A healthy male adult bore consumes each year one and a half times his own
weight in other people's patience.
		-- John Updike


From 0 to "what seems to be the problem officer" in 8.3 seconds.
		-- Ad for the new VW Corrado


You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.


Bushydo -- the way of the shrub.  Bonsai!


Did you hear about the new German microwave oven?
		... Seats 500.


The whole religious complexion of the modern world is due to the
absence from Jerusalem of a lunatic asylum.
		-- Havelock Ellis


For those of you how have been looking for evidence that a working
version of "Star Wars" can be built, consider the following proof
offered by Caspar Weinberger:

	"If such a system is so unattainable, why have the Soviets been
	working desperately to get it for over 17 years?"

		-- USA Today, 24 June 1986


A stitch in time saves nine.


CAPRICORN (Dec 22 - Jan 19)
	Play your hunches.  This is a day when luck will play an important
	part in your life.  If you were smarter, you wouldn't need so much
	luck and you wouldn't be reading your horoscope, either.  You are
	a suspicious person, and it will occur to you that astrologers
	don't know what they're talking about any more than your Aunt Martha.


Yacc owes much to a most stimulating collection of users, who have
goaded me beyond my inclination, and frequently beyond my ability in
their endless search for "one more feature".  Their irritating
unwillingness to learn how to do things my way has usually led to my
doing things their way; most of the time, they have been right.
		-- Stephen C. Johnson, "Yacc guide acknowledgments"


Excessive login or logout messages are a sure sign of senility.


A key to the understanding of all religions is that a God's idea of a
good time is a game of Snakes and Ladders with greased rungs.


I always say beauty is only sin deep.
		-- H. H. Munro, a.k.a. Saki, "Reginald's Choir Treat"


GEMINI (May 21 to Jun. 20)
	Good news and bad news highlighted.  Enjoy the good news while you
	can; the bad news will make you forget it.  You will enjoy praise
	and respect from those around you; everybody loves a sucker.  A short
	trip is in the stars, possibly to the men's room.


Politics, n.:
	A strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles.
	The conduct of public affairs for private advantage.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Ce livre est dedie a Chagrin,		This book is dedicated to Chagrin,
Qui fit un petit mannequin:		Who fashioned a small doll:
	Sans bras et tout noir,			Without arms and all black,
	Il etait affreux voir;			It was horrible sight;
En effet, absolument la fin.		In effect, the absolute end.
		-- Edward Gorey


Champagne don't make me lazy.
Cocaine don't drive me crazy.
Ain't nobody's business but my own.
		-- Taj Mahal


When you have shot and killed a man you have in some measure
clarified your attitude toward him.  You have given a definite
answer to a definite problem.  For better or worse you have
acted decisively.  In a way, the next move is up to him.
		-- R. A. Lafferty


<<<<< EVACUATION ROUTE <<<<<


Anyone who considers protocol unimportant has never dealt with a cat.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


I love mankind ... It's people I hate.
		-- Schulz


Men were real men, women were real women, and small, furry creatures
from Alpha Centauri were REAL small, furry creatures from Alpha Centauri.
Spirits were brave, men boldly split infinitives that no man had split
before.  Thus was the Empire forged.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Sex; it's always best when one partner is at least a little bit desperate.


I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I've ever known.
		-- Walt Disney


There is never time to do it right, but always time to do it over.


	The boss returned from lunch in a good mood and called the whole staff
in to listen to a couple of jokes he had picked up.  Everybody but one girl
laughed uproariously.  "What's the matter?" grumbled the boss. "Haven't you
got a sense of humor?"
	"I don't have to laugh," she said.  "I'm leaving Friday anyway.


The sergeant walked into the shower and caught me giving myself a
dishonorable discharge.  Without missing a beat, I said, "It's my dick
and I can wash it as fast as I want!"


And all that the Lorax left here in this mess
was a small pile of rocks with the one word, "unless."
Whatever THAT meant, well, I just couldn't guess.
That was long, long ago, and each day since that day,
I've worried and worried and worried away.
Through the years as my buildings have fallen apart,
I've worried about it with all of my heart.

"BUT," says the Oncler, "now that you're here,
the word of the Lorax seems perfectly clear!
UNLESS someone like you cares a whole awful lot,
nothing is going to get better - it's not.
So... CATCH!" cries the Oncler.  He lets something fall.
"It's a truffula seed.  It's the last one of all!

"You're in charge of the last of the truffula seeds.
And truffula trees are what everyone needs.
Plant a new truffula -- treat it with care.
Give it clean water and feed it fresh air.
Grow a forest -- protect it from axes that hack.
Then the Lorax and all of his friends may come back!"
		-- Dr. Seuss, "The Lorax"


Don't believe everything you hear or anything you say.


UNIX was not designed to stop you from doing stupid things, because that
would also stop you from doing clever things.
		-- Doug Gwyn


Just yesterday morning, they let me know you were gone,
Suzanne, the plans they made put an end to you,
I went out this morning and I wrote down this song,
Just can't remember who to send it to...

Oh, I've seen fire and I've seen rain,
I've seen sunny days that I thought would never end,
I've seen lonely times when I could not find a friend,
But I always thought that I'd see you again.
Thought I'd see you one more time again.
		-- James Taylor, "Fire and Rain"


PISCES (Feb. 19 to Mar. 20)
	Take the high road, look for the good things, carry the American
	Express card and a weapon.  The world is yours today, as nobody
	else wants it.  Your mortgage will be foreclosed.  You will probably
	get run over by a bus.


The clash of ideas is the sound of freedom.


The Russians have put a small ball up in the air.
That does not raise my apprehensions one iota.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


The great nations have always acted like gangsters and the small nations
like prostitutes.
		-- Stanley Kubrick


Tomorrow will be canceled due to lack of interest.


	Phases of a Project:
(1)	Exultation.
(2)	Disenchantment.
(3)	Confusion.
(4)	Search for the Guilty.
(5)	Punishment for the Innocent.
(6)	Distinction for the Uninvolved.


Westheimer's Discovery:
	A couple of months in the laboratory can
	frequently save a couple of hours in the library.


If you are a fatalist, what can you do about it?
		-- Ann Edwards-Duff


You will inherit millions of dollars.


I don't make the rules, Gil, I only play the game.
		-- Cash McCall


Sometimes, when I think of what that girl means
to me, it's all I can do to keep from telling her.
		-- Andy Capp


It seems that John gets this phone call:
	"Hello," he answers.  The voice on the other end of the line
is hard and cold.
	"This is Susan," he hears.  "We met at a party a few months
ago.
	"Of course, Susan!", John replies.  "How are you?"
	"Not very well.  Remember how after the party you took me home and
we parked?  And you told me that I was a 'good sport'?  Well, I'm pregnant
and I'm going to kill myself tonight."
	John is silent for a few moments, collecting his thoughts.  "Well,"
he finally replies, "you sure *are* a good sport."


Ignorance is never out of style.  It was in fashion yesterday, it is the
rage today, and it will set the pace tomorrow.
		-- Franklin K. Dane


Agree with them now, it will save so much time.


I have sacrificed time, health, and fortune, in the desire to complete these
Calculating Engines.  I have also declined several offers of great personal
advantage to myself.  But, notwithstanding the sacrifice of these advantages
for the purpose of maturing an engine of almost intellectual power, and
after expending from my own private fortune a larger sum than the government
of England has spent on that machine, the execution of which it only
commenced, I have received neither an acknowledgment of my labors, nor even
the offer of those honors or rewards which are allowed to fall within the
reach of men who devote themselves to purely scientific investigations...
	If the work upon which I have bestowed so much time and thought were
a mere triumph over mechanical difficulties, or simply curious, or if the
execution of such engines were of doubtful practicability or utility, some
justification might be found for the course which has been taken; but I
venture to assert that no mathematician who has a reputation to lose will
ever publicly express an opinion that such a machine would be useless if
made, and that no man distinguished as a civil engineer will venture to
declare the construction of such machinery impracticable...
	And at a period when the progress of physical science is obstructed
by that exhausting intellectual and manual labor, indispensable for its
advancement, which it is the object of the Analytical Engine to relieve, I
think the application of machinery in aid of the most complicated and abstruse
calculations can no longer be deemed unworthy of the attention of the country.
In fact, there is no reason why mental as well as bodily labor should not
be economized by the aid of machinery.
		-- Charles Babbage, "The Life of a Philosopher"


Future will arrive by its own means.  Progress not so.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Still a few bugs in the system... Someday I have to tell you about Uncle
Nahum from Maine, who spent years trying to cross a jellyfish with a shad
so he could breed boneless shad.  His experiment backfired too, and he
wound up with bony jellyfish... which was hardly worth the trouble.  There's
very little call for those up there.
		-- Allucquere R. "Sandy" Stone


Chess tonight.


They couldn't hit an elephant at this dist...
		-- Civil War General John Sedgwick, his last words,
		   Battle of Spotsylvania Court House, 1864


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

Bug reports now amount to an average of 12,853 per day.  Unfortunately,
this is only a small fraction [ < 1% ] of the mail volume we receive.  In
order that we may more expeditiously deal with these valuable messages,
please communicate them by one of the following paths:

	ARPA:  WastebasketSLMHQ.ARPA
	UUCP:  [berkeley, seismo, harpo]!fubar!thekid!slmhq!wastebasket
	Non-network sites:  Federal Express to:
		Wastebasket
		Room NE43-926
		Copernicus, The Moon, 12345-6789
	For that personal contact feeling call 1-415-642-4948; our trained
	operators are on call 24 hours a day.  VISA/MC accepted.*

* Our very rich lawyers have assured us that we are not
  responsible for any errors or advice given over the phone.


MEETINGS:
	A place where minutes are kept and hours are lost.


She just came in, pounced around this thing with me for a few
years, enjoyed herself, gave it a sort of beautiful quality and
left.  Excited a few men in the meantime.
		-- Patrick Macnee, reminiscing on Diana Rigg's
		   involvement in "The Avengers".


When you're ready to give up the struggle, who can you surrender to?


The somewhat old and crusty vicar was taking a well-earned retirement from
his rather old and crusty parish.  As is usual in these cases, a locum was
sent to cover the transition period.  This particular man was young and
active, and had the strange notion that church should also be active and
exciting.  As a consequence he was more than a little disappointed with the
dull and tradition-bound church.  He decided to do something about it.
	For his first Sunday, he didn't wear the traditional robes and
vestments, but lead the service wearing a nice 2-piece suit.  The congregation
was horrified!  He changed the order of the service.  The congregation was
horrified!  Then came the children's lesson.
	For this he came out of the pulpit, and sat on the communion table.
The congregation was mortified!  He sat there swinging his legs against
the table as the children gathered around him.
	He asked the children, "What's small, brown, furry and eats nuts?"
	There was total silence.
	He asked again, "What's small, brown, furry and eats nuts?"
	Total silence.
	Eventually, one timid youngster put up his hand and said, "Please,
sir, I know the answer is Jesus, but it sure sounds like a squirrel to me."


Accept people for what they are -- completely unacceptable.


Money is the root of all evil, and man needs roots.


Cheit's Lament:
	If you help a friend in need, he is sure to remember you--
	the next time he's in need.


... So this is a very confusing situation, and what makes it even worse
is, our standards keep changing.  Take Playboy magazine.  Back in the
1950s, when I started reading it strictly for the articles, Playboy was
considered just about the raciest thing around, even though all it ever
showed was women's breasts.  Granted, any given one of these breasts
would have provided adequate shelter for a family of four, but the
overall effect was no more explicit than many publications we think
nothing of today, such as Sports Illustrated's Annual Nipples Poking
Through Swimsuits Issue.
		-- Dave Barry, "Pornography"


