Welcome to boggle - do you want instructions?

D    G    G    O

O    Y    A    N

A    D    B    T

K    I    S    P
Enter words:
>


Sex is like a bridge game.
If you have a good hand no partner is needed.


The world is an 8000 mile in diameter spherical pile of shit.


Taking drugs in the 60's, I tried to reach Nirvana, but all I ever
got were re-runs of The Mickey Mouse Club.
		-- Rev. Jim


Any two philosophers can tell each other all they know in two hours.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.


Life would be much simpler and things would get done much faster if it
weren't for other people.
		-- Blore


An infallible method of conciliating a tiger
is to allow oneself to be devoured.
		-- Konrad Adenauer


Let the machine do the dirty work.
		-- Kernighan and Plauger, "The Elements of Programming Style"


	A programmer from a very large computer company went to a software
conference and then returned to report to his manager, saying: "What sort
of programmers work for other companies?  They behaved badly and were
unconcerned with appearances. Their hair was long and unkempt and their
clothes were wrinkled and old. They crashed our hospitality suites and they
made rude noises during my presentation."
	The manager said: "I should have never sent you to the conference.
Those programmers live beyond the physical world.  They consider life absurd,
an accidental coincidence.  They come and go without knowing limitations.
Without a care, they live only for their programs.  Why should they bother
with social conventions?"
	"They are alive within the Tao."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


I remember once being on a station platform in Cleveland at four in the
morning.  A black porter was carrying my bags, and as we were waiting for
the train to come in, he said to me: "Excuse me, Mr. Cooke, I don't want to
invade your privacy, but I have a bet with a friend of mine.  Who composed
the opening theme music of `Omnibus'?  My friend said Virgil Thomson."  I
asked him, "What do you say?" He replied, "I say Aaron Copeland." I said,
"You're right."  The porter said, "I knew Thomson doesn't write counterpoint
that way."  I told that to a network president, and he was deeply unimpressed.
		-- Alistair Cooke


QOTD:
	"Everything I am today I owe to people, whom it is now
	too late to punish."


Being a mime means never having to say you're sorry.


	A young honeymoon couple were touring southern Florida and happened
to stop at one of the rattlesnake farms along the road.  After seeing the
sights, they engaged in small talk with the man that handled the snakes.
"Gosh!" exclaimed the new bride.  "You certainly have a dangerous job.
Don't you ever get bitten by the snakes?"
	"Yes, upon rare occasions," answered the handler.
	"Well," she continued, "just what do you do when you're bitten by
a snake?"
	"I always carry a razor-sharp knife in my pocket, and as soon as I
am bitten, I make deep criss-cross marks across the fang entry and then
suck the poison from the wound."
	"What, uh... what would happen if you were to accidentally *sit* on
a rattler?" persisted the woman.
	"Ma'am," answered the snake handler, "that will be the day I learn
who my real friends are."


If your mind grows weak,
Don't yield to the weakness.
Even if tired of thought,
Never stop thinking.
My sons and descendants,
Don't get exhausted in reason--
But become experienced.
		-- Chinggis (Genghis) Khan


How come everyone's going so slow if it's called rush hour?


Sex discriminates against the shy and ugly.


For every credibility gap, there is a gullibility fill.
		-- R. Clopton


Yes, I was surprised how easy it was to cut the door off my cat.
		-- James D. Nicoll


Breakfast sometime?
	Sure.
Shall I call you or just nudge you?


The shy young man had been married for three months when he reported to his
doctor that his marriage was still in name only.  The doctor, after hearing
the sad tale, told him that waiting until bedtime to make advances was causing
psychological pressure and advised him to take advantage of the next time he
felt in the mood.  A week later, the doctor happened to meet the man again,
and noticed a new spring in his step.  "My advice worked, I take it?" he
inquired.
	The young man grinned.  "Perfectly.  The other night, we were having
supper, and as I reached for the salt -- so did she!  Our hands touched... It
was as if an electric current ran through us.  I leaped to my feet, swept the
dishes from the table and then and there consummated our marriage!  There's
just one problem, however.  We can't go back to The Four Seasons again..."


Do not underestimate the power of the Farce.


Strange things are done to be number one
In selling the computer			The Druids were entrepreneurs,
IBM has their strategem			And they built a granite box
Which steadily grows acuter,		It tracked the moon, warned of monsoons,
And Honeywell competes like Hell,	And forecast the equinox
But the story's missing link		Their price was right, their future
Is the system old at Stonemenge sold		bright,
By the firm of Druids, Inc.		The prototype was sold;
					From Stonehenge site their bits and byte
					Would ship for Celtic gold.
The movers came to crate the frame;
It weighed a million ton!
The traffic folk thought it a joke	The man spoke true, and thus to you
(the wagon wheels just spun);		A warning from the ages;
"They'll nay sell that," the foreman	Your stock will slip if you can't ship
	spat,				What's in your brochure's pages.
"Just leave the wild weeds grow;	See if it sells without the bells
"It's Druid-kind, over-designed,	And strings that ring and quiver;
"And belly up they'll go."		Druid repute went down the chute
					Because they couldn't deliver.
		-- Edward C. McManus, "The Computer at Stonehenge"


Under the wide and starry sky,
Dig my grave and let me lie,
Glad did I live and gladly die,
And laid me down with a will,
And this be the verse that you grave for me,
Here he lies where he longed to be,
Home is the sailor home from the sea,
And the hunter home from the hill.
		-- R. Kipling


I call it the "Madman Theory".  I want the North Vietnamese to believe that
I've reached the point where I might do *anything* to stop the war.  We'll
just slip the word to them that "For God's sake, you know, Nixon is obsessed
about Communism.  We can't restrain him when he's angry -- and he has his
hand on the nuclear button."
		-- Richard M. Nixon


How much of their influence on you is a result of your influence on them?


Help Stamp Out Rape!  (Say Yes.)


Don't worry about people stealing your ideas.  If your ideas
are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.
		-- Howard Aiken


The society which scorns excellence in plumbing as a humble activity and
tolerates shoddiness in philosophy because it is an exalted activity will
have neither good plumbing nor good philosophy... neither its pipes nor
its theories will hold water.


Q:	Why did the mathematician name his dog "Cauchy"?
A:	Because he left a residue at every pole.


As failures go, attempting to recall the past is like trying to grasp
the meaning of existence.  Both make one feel like a baby clutching at
a basketball: one's palms keep sliding off.
		-- Joseph Brodsky


PL/I -- "the fatal disease" -- belongs more to the problem set than to the
solution set.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


After cocktails in the Oak Room, the graying millionaire took the blond,
attractive, wholesome, winning young woman up to his suite.  They chatted
for a while, and then kissed on the couch.  A little fondling, some feeling
and petting ... to which the young lady lent herself shyly ... and then they
were in the wide, cool bed, naked together.  They chatted more, established
a communion, a rapport the older man considered remarkably gratifying.  The
girl seemed sympatico, innocent, good.
	"Yes, that was it," he thought, "essentially good.  Why, she could
be my own daughter."  He smiled into the young girl's deep blue eyes.
	"Tell me," he asked, his hand on her breast, "What's a nice girl
like you doing in a hotel like this?"
	"Oh, about $2000 a week, with tips."


Two Swedish guys get of a ship and head for the nearest bars.  Each one
orders two vodkas and immediately downs them.  They they order two more
and once again quickly throw them back.  They then order two more.  When
they arrive, one of them picks up his glass, and, turning to the other,
toasts him, "Skoal!"
	The other turns to the first man and scolds, "Hey!  Did you come
here to screw around, or did you come here to drink?"


Q:	What is purple and commutes?
A:	An Abelian grape.


WYSIWYG:
	What You See Is What You Get.


Class, that's the only thing that counts in life.  Class.
Without class and style, a man's a bum; he might as well be dead.
		-- "Bugsy" Siegel


A young girl once committed suicide because her mother refused her a new
bonnet.  Coroner's verdict: "Death from excessive spunk."
		-- Sacramento Daily Union, September 13, 1860


Adam's Law:
	(1)  Women don't know what they want;
	     they don't like what they have got.
	(2)  Men know very well what they want;
	     having got it, they begin to lose interest.


Here's a toast to Screwy Dick,
The man who was born with a corkscrew prick.
He spent his life in a futile hunt,
To find a woman with a spiral cunt.
And when he did, he dropped stone dead,
'Cause the blasted thing had a left-hand thread!


Men freely believe that what they wish to desire.
		-- Julius Caesar


When I was a young man, I vowed never to marry until I found the ideal
woman.  Well, I found her -- but alas, she was waiting for the ideal man.
		-- Robert Schuman


Lagnaf, n.:
	Let's All Get Naked And Fuck!


Some men love truth so much that they seem to be in continual fear
lest she should catch a cold on overexposure.
		-- Samuel Butler


Dames lie about anything -- just for practice.
		-- Raymond Chandler


Don't suspect your friends -- turn them in!
		-- "Brazil"


A healthy male adult bore consumes each year one and a half times his own
weight in other people's patience.
		-- John Updike


Never trust anybody whose arm is bigger than your leg.


	Hardware met Software on the road to Changtse.  Software said: "You
are the Yin and I am the Yang.  If we travel together we will become famous
and earn vast sums of money."  And so the pair set forth together, thinking
to conquer the world.
	Presently, they met Firmware, who was dressed in tattered rags, and
hobbled along propped on a thorny stick.  Firmware said to them: "The Tao
lies beyond Yin and Yang.  It is silent and still as a pool of water.  It does
not seek fame, therefore nobody knows its presence.  It does not seek fortune,
for it is complete within itself.  It exists beyond space and time."
	Software and Hardware, ashamed, returned to their homes.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Some rise by sin and some by virtue fall.


A bar patron returned from the men's room grumbling to himself.
	"What's the trouble, buddy?" the bartender inquired.
	"You got John Wayne toilet paper in there!"
	"What do you mean?" the barkeeper asked.
	"It's rough, it's tough, and it doesn't take shit from nobody."


	"It's a summons."
	"What's a summons?"
	"It means summon's in trouble."
		-- Rocky and Bullwinkle


To love is good, love being difficult.


Q:	What do you call a blind pre-historic animal?
A:	Diyathinkhesaurus.

Q:	What do you call a blind pre-historic animal with a dog?
A:	Diyathinkhesaurus Rex.


Candy
Is dandy
But liquor
Is quicker.
		-- Ogden Nash, "Reflections on Ice-Breaking"

Fortune updates the great quotes: #53.
	Candy is dandy; but liquor is quicker,
	and sex won't rot your teeth.


Black shiny mollies and bright colored guppies,
Shy little angels as gentle as puppies,
Swimming and diving with scarcely a swish,
They were just some of my tropical fish.

Then I got mantas that sting in the water,
Deadly piranhas that itch for a slaughter,
Savage male betas that bite with a squish,
Now I have many less tropical fish.

	If you think that
	Fish are peaceful
	That's an empty wish.
	Just dump them together
	And leave them alone,
	And soon you will have -- no fish.
		-- To My Favorite Things


Trouble strikes in series of threes, but when working around the house the
next job after a series of three is not the fourth job -- it's the start of
a brand new series of three.


I am a PC technician - however, this has unfortunately caused my
computer to be running Win98.
		-- seen on a FreeBSD mailing-list


Liar: one who tells an unpleasant truth.
		-- Oliver Herford


He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.
		-- Lao Tsu


Don't hit the keys so hard, it hurts.


The lion and the calf shall lie down
together but the calf won't get much sleep.
		-- Woody Allen


Without love intelligence is dangerous;
without intelligence love is not enough.
		-- Ashley Montagu


Visit beautiful Wisconsin Dells.


Q:	How do you know when you're in the <ethnic> section of Vermont?
A:	The maple sap buckets are hanging on utility poles.


Every now and then when your life gets complicated and the weasels
start closing in, the only cure is to load up on heinous chemicals and
then drive like a bastard from Hollywood to Las Vegas ... with the
music at top volume and at least a pint of ether.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas"


The sky is blue so we know where to stop mowing.
		-- Judge Harold T. Stone


Different all twisty a of in maze are you, passages little.


November, n.:
	The eleventh twelfth of a weariness.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Hear about...
	the female activist who went berserk during a demonstration and
	attacked a karate-trained cop with a deadly weapon.  She ended
	up a chopped libber?


The C Programming Language -- A language which combines the
flexibility of assembly language with the power of assembly language.


Richard Nixon was the most dishonest individual I have ever met in my life.
He lied to his wife, his family, his friends, his colleagues in the Congress,
lifetime members of his own political party, the American people, and the
world.
		-- Barry Goldwater


In days of old, when knights were bold,
	And rubbers weren't invented,
They tied their socks around their cocks
	And babies were prevented.


There is no sin but ignorance.
		-- Christopher Marlowe


Fast, cheap, good: pick two.


QOTD:
	"The elder gods went to Suggoth and all I got was this lousy T-shirt."


Confidence is simply that quiet, assured feeling you have before you
fall flat on your face.
		-- Dr. L. Binder


I try not to break the rules but merely to test their elasticity.
		-- Bill Veeck


	There once was a master programmer who wrote unstructured programs.
A novice programmer, seeking to imitate him, also began to write unstructured
programs.  When the novice asked the master to evaluate his progress, the
master criticized him for writing unstructured programs, saying: "What is
appropriate for the master is not appropriate for the novice.  You must
understand the Tao before transcending structure."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Q:	How many mathematicians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	One.  He gives it to six Californians, thereby reducing the problem
	to the earlier joke.


Q:	How does a hacker fix a function which
	doesn't work for all of the elements in its domain?
A:	He changes the domain.


Nick the Greek's Law of Life:
	All things considered, life is 9 to 5 against.


Unitarians pray "To whom it may concern".


Good night, Austin, Texas, wherever you are!


Williams and Holland's Law:
	If enough data is collected,
	anything may be proven by statistical methods.


If two people love each other, there can be no happy end to it.
		-- Ernest Hemingway


A Fortran compiler is the hobgoblin of little minis.


Finding out what goes on in the C.I.A. is like performing acupuncture
on a rock.
		-- New York Times, Jan. 20, 1981


Actor			Real Name

Boris Karloff		William Henry Pratt
Cary Grant		Archibald Leach
Edward G. Robinson	Emmanual Goldenburg
Gene Wilder		Gerald Silberman
John Wayne		Marion Morrison
Kirk Douglas		Issur Danielovitch
Richard Burton		Richard Jenkins, Jr.
Roy Rogers		Leonard Slye
Woody Allen		Allen Stewart Konigsberg


Q:	Why do people who live near Niagara Falls have flat foreheads?
A:	Because every morning they wake up thinking "What *is* that noise?
	Oh, right, *of course*!


In light of the New Morality, Playboy Inc. is offering a new version of
its magazine, for married men.  Every month it has the same centerfold.


Phosflink, v.:
	To flick a bulb on and off when it burns out (as if, somehow,
	that will bring it back to life).
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Life is a hospital in which every patient is possessed by the desire to
change his bed.
		-- Charles Baudelaire


I'll never get off this planet.
		-- Luke Skywalker


This unit... must... survive.


Imagine me going around with a pot belly.
It would mean political ruin.
		-- Adolf Hitler


There are many people today who literally do not have a close personal
friend.  They may know something that we don't.  They are probably
avoiding a great deal of pain.


Marriage is a lot like the army, everyone complains, but you'd be
surprised at the large number that re-enlist.
		-- James Garner


The common cormorant, or shag, lays eggs inside a paper bag.


A man arrived home early to find his wife in the arms of his best friend,
who swore how much they were in love.  To quiet the enraged husband, the
lover suggested, "Friends shouldn't fight, let's play gin rummy.  If I win,
you get a divorce so I can marry her.  If you win, I promise never to see
her again.  Okay?"
	"Alright," agreed the husband.  "But how about a quarter a point
on the side to make it interesting?"


When the bosses talk about improving productivity, they are never talking
about themselves.


To defend the Saigon regime is not worth one more human life.
		-- Senator Edmund Muskie


It seems appropriate to me that Mapplethorpe's perverse images should
be situated so close to Congress, which perpetuates a number of
unnatural acts upon the body politic every day, without benefit of
artificial lubrication or foreplay.
		-- Pat Calafia's review of Camille Paglia's
		   "Sex, Art and American Culture"


Whistler's Law:
	You never know who is right, but you always know who is in charge.


Q:	Why does an elephant have 4 feet?
A:	Because 8 inches isn't enough.


Power, like a desolating pestilence,
Pollutes whate'er it touches...
		-- Percy Bysshe Shelley


	The FIELD GUIDE to NORTH AMERICAN MALES

SPECIES:	Cranial Males
SUBSPECIES:	The Hacker (homo computatis)
Plumage:
	All clothes have a slightly crumpled look as though they came off the
	top of the laundry basket.  Style varies with status.  Hacker managers
	wear gray polyester slacks, pink or pastel shirts with wide collars,
	and paisley ties; staff wears cinched-up baggy corduroy pants, white
	or blue shirts with button-down collars, and penholder in pocket.
	Both managers and staff wear running shoes to work, and a black
	plastic digital watch with calculator.


A citizen of America will cross the ocean to fight for democracy, but
won't cross the street to vote in a national election.
		-- Bill Vaughan


For the first time we have a weapon that nobody has used for thirty years.
This gives me great hope for the human race.
		-- Harlan Ellison


There was this New Yorker that had a lifelong ambition to be a Texan.
Fortunately, he had a Texan friend and went to him for advice.  "Mike,
you know I've always wanted to be a Texan.  You're a *real* Texan, what
should I do?"
	"Well," answered Mike, "The first thing you've got to do is look
like a Texan.  That means you have to dress right.  The second thing
you've got to do is speak in a southern drawl."
	"Thanks, Mike, I'll give it a try," replied the New Yorker.
	A few weeks passed and the New Yorker saunters into a store dressed
in a ten-gallon hat, cowboy boots, Levi jeans and a bandanna.  "Hey, there,
pardner, I'd like some beef, not too rare, and some of them fresh biscuits,"
he tells the counterman.
	The guy behind the counter takes a long look at him and then says,
"You must be from New York."
	The New Yorker blushes, and says, "Well, yes, I am.  How did
you know?"
	"Because this is a hardware store."


If they were so inclined, they could impeach
him because they don't like his necktie.
		-- Attorney General William Saxbe


I'd like to see the government get out of war altogether and leave the
whole field to private industry.
		-- Joseph Heller


Theorem: a cat has nine tails.
Proof:
	No cat has eight tails. A cat has one tail more than no cat.
	Therefore, a cat has nine tails.


Decorate your home.  It gives the illusion
that your life is more interesting than it really is.
		-- C. Schultz


Never leave anything to chance;
make sure all your crimes are premeditated.


Love conquers all things; let us too surrender to love.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)


Yinkel, n.:
	A person who combs his hair over his bald spot,
	hoping no one will notice.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Christmas time is here, by Golly;	Kill the turkeys, ducks and chickens;
Disapproval would be folly;		Mix the punch, drag out the Dickens;
Deck the halls with hunks of holly;	Even though the prospect sickens,
Fill the cup and don't say when...	Brother, here we go again.

On Christmas day, you can't get sore;	Relations sparing no expense'll,
Your fellow man you must adore;		Send some useless old utensil,
There's time to rob him all the more,	Or a matching pen and pencil,
The other three hundred and sixty-four!	Just the thing I need... how nice.

It doesn't matter how sincere		Hark The Herald-Tribune sings,
It is, nor how heartfelt the spirit;	Advertising wondrous things.
Sentiment will not endear it;		God Rest Ye Merry Merchants,
What's important is... the price.	May you make the Yuletide pay.
					Angels We Have Heard On High,
Let the raucous sleighbells jingle;	Tell us to go out and buy.
Hail our dear old friend, Kris Kringle,	Sooooo...
Driving his reindeer across the sky,
Don't stand underneath when they fly by!
		-- Tom Lehrer


	Split		1/4 bottle	.187 liters
	Half		1/2 bottle
	Bottle		750 milliliters
	Magnum		2 bottles	1.5 liters
	Jeroboam	4 bottles
	Rehoboam	6 bottles	Not available in the US
	Methuselah	8 bottles
	Salmanazar	12 bottles
	Balthazar	16 bottles
	Nebuchadnezzar	20 bottles	15 liters
	Sovereign	34 bottles	26 liters

	The Sovereign is a new bottle, made for the launching of the
largest cruise ship in the world.  The bottle alone cost 8,000 dollars
to produce and they only made 8 of them.
	Most of the funny names come from Biblical people.


Not to mention the fact that most of the good code for PC minix seems
to have been written by Bruce Evans.
		-- Linus Torvalds, comp.os.minix, Jan. 1992


The revolution will not be televised.


The rights and interests of the laboring man will be protected and cared
for not by our labor agitators, but by the Christian men to whom God in his
infinite wisdom has given control of property interests of the country, and
upon the successful management of which so much remains.
		-- George F. Baer, railroad industrialist


All this wheeling and dealing around, why, it isn't for money,
it's for fun.  Money's just the way we keep score.
		-- Henry Tyroon


Abstainer, n.:
	A weak person who yields to the
	temptation of denying himself a pleasure.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Coincidence, n.:
	You weren't paying attention to the other half of what was
	going on.


Computer programmers never die, they just get lost in the processing.


Long computations which yield zero are probably all for naught.


Anything worth doing is worth overdoing.


Actors will happen even in the best-regulated families.


Man who arrives at party two hours late
will find he has been beaten to the punch.


Do not use the blue keys on this terminal.


Making files is easy under the UNIX operating system.  Therefore, users
tend to create numerous files using large amounts of file space.  It has
been said that the only standard thing about all UNIX systems is the
message-of-the-day telling users to clean up their files.
		-- System V.2 administrator's guide


Climbing onto a bar stool, a piece of string asked for a beer.
	"Wait a minute.  Aren't you a string?"
	"Well, yes, I am."
	"Sorry.  We don't serve strings here."
	The determined string left the bar and stopped a passer-by.  "Excuse,
me," it said, "would you shred my ends and tie me up like a pretzel?"  The
passer-by obliged, and the string re-entered the bar.  "May I have a beer,
please?" it asked the bartender.
	The barkeep set a beer in front of the string, then suddenly stopped.
"Hey, aren't you the string I just threw out of here?"
	"No, I'm a frayed knot."


Cthulhu Cthucks!


CCI Power 6/40: one board, a megabyte of cache, and an attitude...


How much of their influence on you is a result of your influence on them?


Have you ever noticed that the people who are always trying
to tell you `there's a time for work and a time for play'
never find the time for play?


Never tell a lie unless it is absolutely convenient.


If God had intended Men to Smoke, He would have put Chimneys in their Heads.


Lawyer's Rule:
	When the law is against you, argue the facts.
	When the facts are against you, argue the law.
	When both are against you, call the other lawyer names.


Real computer scientists despise the idea of actual hardware.  Hardware has
limitations, software doesn't.  It's a real shame that Turing machines are
so poor at I/O.


Good day to avoid cops.  Crawl to work.


The attacker must vanquish; the defender need only survive.


Got Mole problems?
Call Avogadro at 6.02 x 10^23.


What sane person could live in this world and not be crazy?
		-- Ursula K. LeGuin


He's just a politician trying to save both his faces...


He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes.


It is easier to make a saint out of a libertine than out of a prig.
		-- George Santayana


QOTD:
	"Some people have one of those days.  I've had one of those lives."


I B M
U B M
We all B M
For I B M!!!!
		-- H.A.R.L.I.E.


Peace, n.:
	In international affairs, a period of cheating between two
	periods of fighting.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


You should be a hemorrhoid, you're such a pain in the ass.


	Several students were asked to prove that all odd integers are prime.
	The first student to try to do this was a math student.  "Hmmm...
Well, 1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, and by induction, we have that all
the odd integers are prime."
	The second student to try was a man of physics who commented, "I'm not
sure of the validity of your proof, but I think I'll try to prove it by
experiment."  He continues, "Well, 1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, 7 is
prime, 9 is...  uh, 9 is... uh, 9 is an experimental error, 11 is prime, 13
is prime...  Well, it seems that you're right."
	The third student to try it was the engineering student, who responded,
"Well, to be honest, actually, I'm not sure of your answer either.  Let's
see...  1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, 7 is prime, 9 is... uh, 9 is...
well, if you approximate, 9 is prime, 11 is prime, 13 is prime...  Well, it
does seem right."
	Not to be outdone, the computer science student comes along and says
"Well, you two sort've got the right idea, but you'll end up taking too long!
I've just whipped up a program to REALLY go and prove it."  He goes over to
his terminal and runs his program.  Reading the output on the screen he says,
"1 is prime, 1 is prime, 1 is prime, 1 is prime..."


... So the documentary-makers stick with sharks.  Generally, their
procedure is to scatter bleeding fish pieces around their boat, so as
to infest the waters.  I would estimate that the primary food source of
sharks today is bleeding fish pieces scattered by people making
documentaries.  Once the sharks arrive, they are generally fairly
listless.  The general shark attitude seems to be: "Oh God, another
documentary."  So the divers have to somehow goad them into attacking,
under the guise of Scientific Research.  "We know very little about the
effect of electricity on sharks," the narrator will say, in a deeply
scientific voice.  "That is why Todd is going to jab this Great White
in the testicles with a cattle prod."  The divers keep this kind of
thing up until the shark finally gets irritated and snaps at them, and
then they act as though this was a totally unexpected and very
dangerous development, although clearly it is what they wanted all along.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wonders of Sharks on TV"


It got to the point where I had to get a haircut
or both feet firmly planted in the air.


It'll be a nice world if they ever get it finished.


There is a green, multi-legged creature crawling on your shoulder.


Motto of the Electrical Engineer:
	Working computer hardware is a lot like an erect penis: it
	stays up as long as you don't fuck with it.


Once again dread deed is done.
Canon sleeps,
his all-knowing eye shaded
to human chance and circumstance.
Peace reigns anew o'er Pine Valley,
but Canon's sleep is troubled.

Beware, scant days past the Ides of July.
Impatient hands wait eagerly
to grasp, to hold
scant moments of time
wrested from life in the full
glory of Canon's power;
held captive by his unblinking eye.

Three golden orbs stand watch;
one each to toll the day, hour, minute
until predestiny decrees his reawakening.
When that feared moment arrives,
"Ask not for whom the bell tolls,
It tolls for thee."
		-- "I extended the loan on your Camera, at the Pine
		   Valley Pawn Shop today"


