Aide to Raygun:  Sir, the poor are outside protesting your budget
		 cuts.
Raygun himself:  Tell them they'll have to help themselves.
Aide to Raygun:  Sir, the Pentagon wants another $30 billion.
Raygun himself:  Tell them to help themselves.


The Sultan was peeved with his harem,
And cooked up a scheme for to scare'em.
	He caught a big mouse
	Which he loosed in the house.
(Such confusion is called harem-scarem).


Young men, hear an old man to whom
old men hearkened when he was young.
		-- Augustus Caesar


LIBRA (Sept 23 - Oct 22)
	You are the artistic type and have a difficult time with
reality.  If you are a man, you are more than likely gay.  Chances for
employment and monetary gains are excellent.  Most Libra women are
prostitutes.  All Libra people die of Venereal disease.


The rights you have are the rights given you by this Committee [the
House Un-American Activities Committee].  We will determine what rights
you have and what rights you have not got.
		-- J. Parnell Thomas


LOVE:
	I'll let you play with my life if you'll let me play with yours.


If you stick your head in the sand,
one thing is for sure, you're gonna get your rear kicked.


Education is the process of casting false pearls before real swine.
		-- Irwin Edman


I can relate to that.


	Work Hard.
	Rock Hard.
	Eat Hard.
	Sleep Hard.
	Grow Big.
	Wear Glasses If You Need 'Em.
		-- The Webb Wilder Credo


Yuck Foo.


Two golfers were being held up as the twosome of women in front of them
whiffed shots, hunted for lost balls and stood over putts for what seemed
like hours.
	"I'll ask if we can play through," Bill said as he strode toward
the women.  Twenty yards from the green, however, he turned on his heel
and went back to where his companion was waiting.
	"Can't do it," he explained, sheepishly.  "One of them's my wife
and the other's my mistress!"
	"I'll ask," said Jim.  He started off, only to turn and come back
before reaching the green.
	"What's wrong?" Bill asked.
	"Small world, isn't it?"


You can't have everything.  Where would you put it?
		-- Steven Wright


FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #5

	Don't wear your spurs while making love in a waterbed.


Horny, adj.:
	When your cock gets hard if the wind blows.


Burke's Postulates:
	Anything is possible if you don't know what you are talking about.
	Don't create a problem for which you do not have the answer.


He:	Do you like Kipling?
She:	Oh, you naughty boy, I don't know!  I've never kippled!


This fellow rushed into a crowded tavern on Saturday night.  Men and women
stood three-deep at the bar.  Our man, who felt nature calling strongly,
looked about him but couldn't see anything that resembled a john.  He saw a
stairway and bounded up the steps to the second floor in his increasingly
desperate search.  Just as his bowels threatened to erupt, he spotted a
one-foot by one-foot hole in the floor.  Now, at the end of his control, he
decided to take advantage of the hole.  He dropped his pants, hunched over it,
and did his thing.  Thoroughly relieved and relaxed, he sauntered down the
steps to find, to his surprise, that the crowded bar was now empty.
	"Hey!" he yelled to the seemingly empty room, "Where is everyone?"
	From behind the bar a voice responded, "Hey!  Where were you when
the shit hit the fan?"


There is nothing wrong with abstinence, in moderation.


A hacker does for love what others would not do for money.


Oh, I am a C programmer and I'm okay
	I muck with indices and structs all day
And when it works, I shout hoo-ray
	Oh, I am a C programmer and I'm okay


If Carter is the answer, it must have been a VERY silly question.


What time is it?
I don't know, it keeps changing.


Others will look to you for stability,
so hide when you bite your nails.


Ralph:	Lisa, you have no tits and an awful tight pussy.
Lisa:	Ralph... get off my back!!


The flow chart is a most thoroughly oversold piece of program documentation.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


Sacred cows make great hamburgers.


What we cannot speak about we must pass over in silence.
		-- Wittgenstein


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(18) There is no such thing as "war atrocities." War is an atrocity.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


I'm hungry, time to eat lunch.


The wife of young Richard of Limerick
Complained to her husband, "My quim, Rick,
	Still grows in diameter
	Each time that you ram at her;
How can your poor tool stay so slim, Rick?"


Objectivity is to a newspaper what virtue is to a woman.
		-- Joseph Pulitzer


They use different words for things in America.
For instance they say elevator and we say lift.
They say drapes and we say curtains.
They say president and we say brain damaged git.
		-- Alexie Sayle


Cabbage, n.:
	A familiar kitchen-garden vegetable about as large and wise as
	a man's head.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Be sociable.
Speak to the person next to you in the unemployment line tomorrow.


A man may well bring a horse to the water,
but he cannot make him drink with he will.
		-- John Heywood


On the subject of C program indentation:

	"In My Egotistical Opinion, most people's C programs should be
	indented six feet downward and covered with dirt."
		-- Blair P. Houghton


Paranoia is heightened awareness.


It used to be the fun was in
The capture and kill.
In another place and time
I did it all for thrills.
		-- Lust to Love


1.79 x 10^12 furlongs per fortnight -- it's not just a good idea, it's
the law!


Fakir, n.:
	A psychologist whose charismatic data have inspired almost
	religious devotion in his followers, even though the sources
	seem to have shinnied up a rope and vanished.


He is the best of men who dislikes power.
		-- Mohammed


People with narrow minds usually have broad tongues.


Live never to be ashamed if anything you do or say is
published around the world -- even if what is published is not true.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


You have been bitchy since Tuesday and you'll probably get fired today.


An elephant is a mouse with an operating system.


My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four.
Unless there are three other people.
		-- Orson Welles


Building translators is good clean fun.
		-- T. Cheatham


Keep a diary and one day it'll keep you.
		-- Mae West


Cheer Up!  Things are getting worse at a slower rate.


Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes.
		-- Dr. Warren Jackson, Director, UTCS


The marvels of today's modern technology include the development of a
soda can, which, when discarded will last forever -- and a $7,000 car
which, when properly cared for, will rust out in two or three years.


The modern child will answer you back before you've said anything.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


	"Somewhere", said Father Vittorini, "did Blake not speak of the
Machineries of Joy?  That is, did not God promote environments, then
intimidate these Natures by provoking the existence of flesh, toy men and
women, such as are we all?  And thus happily sent forth, at our best, with
good grace and fine wit, on calm noons, in fair climes, are we not God's
Machineries of Joy?"
	"If Blake said that", said Father Brian, "he never lived in Dublin."
		-- Ray Bradbury, "The Machineries of Joy"


... Jesus cried with a loud voice: Lazarus, come forth; the bug hath been
found and thy program runneth.  And he that was dead came forth...
		-- John 11:43-44


Losing your drivers' license is just
God's way of saying "BOOGA, BOOGA!"


Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
		-- Thomas Jones


Let me take you a button-hole lower.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"


T-shirt of the Week:
	I'm not excited, I'm cold!


Anything worth doing is worth overdoing.


Let us remember that ours is a nation of lawyers and order.


There is a fly on your nose.


It used to be the fun was in
The capture and kill.
In another place and time
I did it all for thrills.
		-- Lust to Love


I consider a new device or technology to have been
culturally accepted when it has been used to commit a murder.
		-- M. Gallaher


A virtuous abstinence from the joys of pederasty
comes most easily to those who have no taste for it.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Gaiety is the most outstanding feature of the Soviet Union.
		-- Joseph Stalin


There is a Massachusetts law requiring all dogs to have their hind legs
tied during the month of April.


A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
		-- Lao Tsu


Mary had a little lamb,
It's fleece as white as snow.
It followed her to school one day,
And got fucked by a big black dog.


One nice thing about egotists: they don't talk about other people.


Sacher's Observation:
	Some people grow with responsibility -- others merely swell.


Programming Department:
	Mistakes made while you wait.


Imitation is the sincerest form of television.
		-- Fred Allen


The sweeter the apple, the blacker the core --
Scratch a lover and find a foe!
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Ballad of a Great Weariness"


QOTD:
	"It seems to me that your antenna doesn't bring in too many
	stations anymore."


Alcohol, hashish, prussic acid, strychnine are weak dilutions.
The surest poison is time.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Society and Solitude"


I think we're all Bozos on this bus.
		-- The Firesign Theatre


From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back.
That is the point that must be reached.
		-- F. Kafka


Hear about...
	the real smart girl who could play post-office all night
	without getting any mail in her box?


Support your local church or synagogue.
Worship at Bank of America.


Q:	How can a real man tell when his girl friend's having an orgasm.
A:	Real men don't care.


Design, v.:
	What you regret not doing later on.


Change your thoughts and you change your world.


Stuckness shouldn't be avoided.  It's the psychic predecessor of all
real understanding.  An egoless acceptance of stuckness is a key to an
understanding of all Quality, in mechanical work as in other endeavors.
		-- Robert Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"


Mr. Rockford; Miss Collins from the Bureau of Licenses.  We got your
renewal before the extended deadline but not your check.  I'm sorry but
at midnight you're no longer licensed as an investigator.


	This guy is walking down the beach one fine sunny day, feeling
good, when suddenly he sees this woman with no arms or legs in a wheelchair,
sobbing  like crazy.  He decides to be gallant, "What's wrong, miss?"
	"I...<sob, sniffle>...I'm 21 and I <choke> I've never been kissed...
<sniffle>"
	So this guy, he decides, what the hell, let's cheer up the poor lady.
He leans over and gives her a long wonderful kiss.  This does wonders, and
the woman's face lights up and she grins from ear to ear, and the guy wanders
away feeling wonderful.
	Well, next week, the same guy is walking along the same beach, and
sees the same girl who is once again sobbing her eyes out.  Gallant to the
end, our hero says, "What's wrong, miss, can I help?"
	"I...I'm <sob, sniffle, sniffle> 21 and I've never been fucked..."
	The guy picks her up out of her chair, cuddles her close, and brings
her over to the shore, and throws her into the water.  "Now you're fucked!"


This fortune is inoperative.  Please try another.


After [Benjamin] Franklin came a herd of Electrical Pioneers whose names
have become part of our electrical terminology: Myron Volt, Mary Louise Amp,
James Watt, Bob Transformer, etc.  These pioneers conducted many important
electrical experiments.  For example, in 1780 Luigi Galvani discovered (this
is the truth) that when he attached two different kinds of metal to the leg
of a frog, an electrical current developed and the frog's leg kicked, even
though it was no longer attached to the frog, which was dead anyway.
Galvani's discovery led to enormous advances in the field of amphibian
medicine.  Today, skilled veterinary surgeons can take a frog that has been
seriously injured or killed, implant pieces of metal in its muscles, and
watch it hop back into the pond just like a normal frog, except for the fact
that it sinks like a stone.
		-- Dave Barry, "What is Electricity?"


Be braver -- you can't cross a chasm in two small jumps.


The early worm gets the bird.


The grand leap of the whale up the Fall of Niagara is esteemed, by all
who have seen it, as one of the finest spectacles in nature.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


And the northern lights commenced to glow.
And she said, with a tear in her eye,
"Watch out where the huskies go, and don't you eat that yellow snow."
		-- Frank Zappa, "The Story of Nanook and the Fur Trapper"


		William Safire's Rules for Writers:

Remember to never split an infinitive.  The passive voice should never
be used.  Do not put statements in the negative form.  Verbs has to
agree with their subjects.  Proofread carefully to see if you words
out.  If you reread your work, you can find on rereading a great deal
of repetition can be avoided by rereading and editing.  A writer must
not shift your point of view.  And don't start a sentence with a
conjunction.  (Remember, too, a preposition is a terrible word to end a
sentence with.)  Don't overuse exclamation marks!!  Place pronouns as
close as possible, especially in long sentences, as of 10 or more
words, to their antecedents.  Writing carefully, dangling participles
must be avoided.  If any word is improper at the end of a sentence, a
linking verb is.  Take the bull by the hand and avoid mixing
metaphors.  Avoid trendy locutions that sound flaky.  Everyone should
be careful to use a singular pronoun with singular nouns in their
writing.  Always pick on the correct idiom.  The adverb always follows
the verb.  Last but not least, avoid cliches like the plague; seek
viable alternatives.


One of the most expensive things in life
is a girl who is free for the evening.


Except for 75% of the women, everyone in the whole world wants to have sex.
		-- Ellyn Mustard


The randy old Bey of Algiers
Who'd confined his cock-poking to queers,
	Tried a cunt for a change,
	And remarked: "It felt strange ...
Just think what I've missed all these years!"


We are born naked, wet, and hungry, and get slapped on our ass ...
then things get worse.


Money is the root of all evil, and man needs roots.


This one is for all you military types.  For those who don't know, Rangers
are *extremely* well trained members of the U.S. Army.  Marines are people
who start out as normal soldiers and then are made to believe that bullets
don't actually hurt.
	One day a platoon of Marines are on patrol when they come upon a
Ranger relaxing on top of a small hill. The Ranger puts his hands on his
hips and screams out, "Do any of you seaweed sucking jarheads think you're
man enough to take me on?"
	The biggest Marine comes running up the hill, screaming back at the
Ranger.  When he gets to the top he simply plows into his foe and the two
tumble down the other side of the hill, out of sight.  There is the sound of
a horrendous fight for a moment or two, and then all is quiet.  Soon, the
Ranger reappears, quite untouched.  He puts his hands on his hips and sneers,
"Well, looks to me like one of you couldn't do it, how about the rest?"
	The enraged Marine platoon leader sends his entire platoon (30+men)
charging after the Ranger.  They all go tumbling down the far side of the hill.
After 15 minutes of screaming and yelling and cursing a lone, bloodied Marine
crawls over the top of the hill. The platoon leader yells up to his man,
"What's going on up there?" The wounded Marine, with his last bit of breath,
replies, "Sir, it's a... a trap, sir.  They're two of them!"


Your mode of life will be changed to ASCII.


