	At a recent meeting in Snowmass, Colorado, a participant from
Los Angeles fainted from hyperoxygenation, and we had to hold his head
under the exhaust of a bus until he revived.


Either I'm dead or my watch has stopped.
		-- Groucho Marx' last words


It has been observed that one's nose is never so happy as when it is
thrust into the affairs of another, from which some physiologists have
drawn the inference that the nose is devoid of the sense of smell.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The best way to accelerate a Macintoy is at 9.8 meters per second, squared.


It may be better to be a live jackal than a dead lion, but it is
better still to be a live lion.  And usually easier.
		-- Lazarus Long


Another flaw in the human character is that everybody wants to build
and nobody wants to do maintenance.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., "Hocus Pocus"


Do you think that illiterate people get the full effect of alphabet soup?


This is your fortune.


He was a modest, good-humored boy.  It was Oxford that made him
insufferable.


Understanding is always the understanding of a smaller problem
in relation to a bigger problem.
		-- P. D. Ouspensky


A bachelor is an unaltared male.


The great secret in life ... [is] not to open your letters for a fortnight.
At the expiration of that period you will find that nearly all of them have
answered themselves.
		-- Arthur Binstead


Try to find the real tense of the report you are reading:  Was it done, is
it being done, or is something to be done?  Reports are now written in four
tenses:  past tense, present tense, future tense, and pretense.  Watch for
novel uses of CONGRAM (CONtractor GRAMmer), defined by the imperfect past,
the insufficient present, and the absolutely perfect future.
		-- Amrom Katz


Fortune's Guide to Movies:
G:   No girl.
PG:  The hero gets the girl.
R:   The bad guy gets the girl, then the good guy gets the girl.
X:   The hero still gets the girl in the end, but he's never sure
	which end it will be.
XXX: Everybody gets the girl.


The computing field is always in need of new cliches.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


We've all heard about the woman who married a Field Service engineer but
divorced him after one day because he'd done nothing on their wedding night
but promise to have it up in 15 minutes.  What few people realize is that the
poor man was in the bathroom all night, masturbating furiously, muttering
"I just don't understand, it passes all the diagnostics!"


A businessman is a hybrid of a dancer and a calculator.
		-- Paul Valery


Tart words make no friends; a spoonful of honey
will catch more flies than a gallon of vinegar.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


There is much Obi-Wan did not tell you.
		-- Darth Vader


Abandon the search for Truth; settle for a good fantasy.


Happy is the child whose father died rich.


Software suppliers are trying to make their software packages more
"user-friendly".  ...  Their best approach, so far, has been to take all
the old brochures, and stamp the words, "user-friendly" on the cover.
		-- Bill Gates, Microsoft, Inc.


For large values of one, one equals two, for small values of two.


Fuck'em if they can't take a joke!


The universe is an island,
surrounded by whatever it is that surrounds universes.


Love cannot be much younger than the lust for murder.
		-- Sigmund Freud


A bachelor is a selfish, undeserving guy
who has cheated some woman out of a divorce.
		-- Don Quinn


There are ten or twenty basic truths, and life
is the process of discovering them over and over and over.
		-- David Nichols


There exist tasks which cannot be done
by more than 10 men or fewer than 100.
		-- Steele's Law


If sex is such a natural phenomenon, how come there are so many
books on how to?
		-- Bette Midler


A conservative is a man
with two perfectly good legs who has never learned to walk.
		-- Franklin D. Roosevelt


Now and then an innocent person is sent to the legislature.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #6

RAZORBACK:			Paul Harbride, 1984, 2 hours 25 min.
	One of the great Australian films of the early 1980's,
	and arguably the best movie ever made about a large,
	man-eating hog.  Some violence.  With Gregory Harrison.


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #41:

Q:  Now, Mrs. Johnson, how was your first marriage terminated?
A:  By death.
Q:  And by whose death was it terminated?


Mankind's yearning to engage in sports is older than recorded history,
dating back to the time millions of years ago, when the first primitive
man picked up a crude club and a round rock, tossed the rock into the
air, and whomped the club into the sloping forehead of the first
primitive umpire.

What inner force drove this first athlete?  Your guess is as good as
mine.  Better, probably, because you haven't had four beers.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sports is a Drag"


X windows:
	The ultimate bottleneck.
	Flawed beyond belief.
	The only thing you have to fear.
	Somewhere between chaos and insanity.
	On autopilot to oblivion.
	The joke that kills.
	A disgrace you can be proud of.
	A mistake carried out to perfection.
	Belongs more to the problem set than the solution set.
	To err is X windows.
	Ignorance is our most important resource.
	Complex nonsolutions to simple nonproblems.
	Built to fall apart.
	Nullifying centuries of progress.
	Falling to new depths of inefficiency.
	The last thing you need.
	The de facto substandard.

Elevating brain damage to an art form.
	X windows.


All religions issue Bibles against Satan, and say the most
injurious things against him, but we never hear his side.
		-- Mark Twain


If you are what you eat, does that mean Euelle Gibbons really was a nut?


A limerick packs laughs anatomical
Into space that is quite economical.
	But the good ones I've seen
	So seldom are clean,
And the clean ones so seldom are comical.


Walk softly and carry a big stick.
		-- Theodore Roosevelt


Reisner's Rule of Conceptual Inertia:
	If you think big enough, you'll never have to do it.


Crush!  Kill!  Destroy!


Money can't buy happiness, but it can make you
awfully comfortable while you're being miserable.
		-- C. B. Luce


Pension, n.:
	A federally insured chain letter.


Rules:
	(1)  The boss is always right.
	(2)  When the boss is wrong, refer to rule 1.


"You are old," said the youth, "as I mentioned before,
	And make errors few people could bear;
You complain about everyone's English but yours --
	Do you really think this is quite fair?"

"I make lots of mistakes," Father William declared,
	"But my stature these days is so great
That no critic can hurt me -- I've got them all scared,
	And to stop me it's now far too late."


It is better to have loved a short man than never to have loved a tall.


With every passing hour our solar system comes forty-three thousand
miles closer to globular cluster M13 in the constellation Hercules,
and still there are some misfits who continue to insist that there
is no such thing as progress.
		-- Ransom K. Ferm


	This guy is walking down the beach one fine sunny day, feeling
good, when suddenly he sees this woman with no arms or legs in a wheelchair,
sobbing  like crazy.  He decides to be gallant, "What's wrong, miss?"
	"I...<sob, sniffle>...I'm 21 and I <choke> I've never been kissed...
<sniffle>"
	So this guy, he decides, what the hell, let's cheer up the poor lady.
He leans over and gives her a long wonderful kiss.  This does wonders, and
the woman's face lights up and she grins from ear to ear, and the guy wanders
away feeling wonderful.
	Well, next week, the same guy is walking along the same beach, and
sees the same girl who is once again sobbing her eyes out.  Gallant to the
end, our hero says, "What's wrong, miss, can I help?"
	"I...I'm <sob, sniffle, sniffle> 21 and I've never been fucked..."
	The guy picks her up out of her chair, cuddles her close, and brings
her over to the shore, and throws her into the water.  "Now you're fucked!"


Have a nice day!


Did you ever wonder what you'd say to God if He sneezed?


Mr. Rockford?  This is Betty Joe Withers.  I got four shirts of yours from
the Bo Peep Cleaners by mistake.  I don't know why they gave me men's
shirts but they're going back.


I went to my mother and told her I intended to commence a different life.
I asked for and obtained her blessing and at once commenced the career
of a robber.
		-- Tiburcio Vasquez


Every day it's the same thing -- variety.  I want something different.


To be nobody-but-yourself in a world which is doing its best to,
night and day, to make you everybody else -- means to fight the hardest
battle which any human being can fight; and never stop fighting.
		-- e. e. cummings, "A Miscellany"


This is the _L_A_S_T time I take travel suggestions from Ray Bradbury!


Try to get all of your posthumous medals in advance.


If there is no God, who pops up the next Kleenex?
		-- Art Hoppe


Dyke, n.:
	A woman who kick-starts her vibrator.  And rolls her own
	tampons.


The best executive is one who has sense enough to pick good people to do
what he wants done, and self-restraint enough to keep from meddling with
them while they do it.
		-- Theodore Roosevelt


The University of California Statistics Department; where mean is normal,
and deviation standard.


Desperate because her husband hadn't made love to her in months, a lonely
housewife finally mustered her courage and went to their doctor for advice.
The doctor was very sympathetic and wrote out a prescription for pills that
were guaranteed to rekindle the husband's ardor in a big way.  "They'll make
him horny as hell," the doctor confided, "but they're very potent, so just
put one in whatever he's drinking."
	Upon arriving home, the woman left the pills on the kitchen counter
and dashed off to the supermarket.  It didn't take long before the cat jumped
up, knocked them over onto the floor, and ate a couple, as did the family
dog.  And when the husband got home with a headache, he took a few thinking
they were aspirin.
	When the housewife returned, she was horrified to see the dog humping
the cat and the cat jumping all over the dog, but even stranger was the sight
of her husband with his penis inside the pencil sharpener on the counter.
"What in heaven's name are you doing, John?" she cried.
	"See that mosquito?" he replied.


Without love intelligence is dangerous;
without intelligence love is not enough.
		-- Ashley Montagu


Did you know....

That no-one ever reads these things?


The only difference between your current lover and a doorknob is
that a doorknob warms up when you hold it.


A diplomat is a person who can tell you to go to hell
in such a way that you actually look forward to the trip.
		-- Caskie Stinnett, "Out of the Red"


They took some of the Van Goghs, most
of the jewels, and all of the Chivas!


Our houseplants have a good sense of humous.


Death rays don't kill people, people kill people!


Necrophilia, n.:
	Dropping in for a cold one.


Men will fuck mud.
		-- Lenny Bruce


Take Care of the Molehills, and the Mountains Will Take Care of Themselves.
		-- Motto of the Federal Civil Service


...before I could come to any conclusion it occurred to me that my speech
or my silence, indeed any action of mine, would be a mere futility.  What
did it matter what anyone knew or ignored?  What did it matter who was
manager?  One gets sometimes such a flash of insight. The essentials of
this affair lay deep under the surface, beyond my reach, and beyond my
power of meddling.
		-- Joseph Conrad


These activities have their own rules and methods
of concealment which seek to mislead and obscure.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower, 1960


Psychiatrists say that one out of four people are mentally ill.
Check three friends.  If they're okay, you're it.


The night passes quickly when you're asleep
But I'm out shufflin' for something to eat
...
Breakfast at the Egg House,
Like the waffle on the griddle,
I'm burnt around the edges,
But I'm tender in the middle.
		-- Adrian Belew


The heaviest object in the world is the
body of the woman you have ceased to love.
		-- Marquis de Lac de Clapiers Vauvenargues


The Hollywood tradition I like best is called "sucking up to the stars."
		-- Johnny Carson


We're constantly being bombarded by insulting and humiliating music, which
people are making for you the way they make those Wonder Bread products.
Just as food can be bad for your system, music can be bad for your spiritual
and emotional feelings.  It might taste good or clever, but in the long run,
it's not going to do anything for you.
		-- Bob Dylan, "LA Times", September 5, 1984


You should never wear your best trousers
when you go out to fight for freedom and liberty.
		-- Henrik Ibsen


Hire the morally handicapped.


A couple more shots of whiskey, women 'round here start looking good.

		[something about a 10 being a 4 after a six-pack?  Ed.]


Learn to pause -- or nothing worthwhile can catch up to you.


Post proelium, praemium.
[After the battle, the reward.]


Large increases in cost with questionable increases in
performance can be tolerated only in race horses and women.
		-- Lord Kelvin


A baby is an alimentary canal with a loud voice
at one end and no responsibility at the other.


The average Ph.D thesis is nothing but the transference of bones from
one graveyard to another.
		-- J. Frank Dobie, "A Texan in England"


We're constantly being bombarded by insulting and humiliating music, which
people are making for you the way they make those Wonder Bread products.
Just as food can be bad for your system, music can be bad for your spiritual
and emotional feelings.  It might taste good or clever, but in the long run,
it's not going to do anything for you.
		-- Bob Dylan, "LA Times", September 5, 1984


Hackers do it with fewer instructions.


If you took all the students that felt asleep in class and laid them
end to end, they'd be a lot more comfortable.
		-- "Graffiti in the Big Ten"


The bedsprings next door jounce and creak:
They have kept me awake for a week.
	Why do newlyweds
	Select squeaky beds
To develop their fucking technique?


He drank with curvy Mable,
The pace was fast and furious,
He slid beneath the table,
Not drunk but merely curious.


The introduction of a new kind of music must be shunned as imperiling
the whole state, for styles of music are never disturbed without
affecting the most important political institutions. ...  The new
style, gradually gaining a lodgement, quietly insinuates itself into
manners and customs, and from it ... goes on to attack laws and
constitutions, displaying the utmost impudence, until it ends by
overturning everything.
		-- Plato, "Republic", 370 B.C.


You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.


A toast to the kisses you've snatched and vice-versa.


We must!  We must!
We must increase our bust!
The bigger the better!
The tighter the sweater!
And the boys will think more of us!


COMPASS [for the CDC-6000 series] is the sort of assembler
one expects from a corporation whose president codes in octal.
		-- J. N. Gray


LIFE:
	A whim of several billion cells to be you for a while.


All the girls in France, do a hookie-kookie dance,
And you know the way they shake, is enough to fry a snake,
And the snake they fry, is enough to tell a lie,
And the lie they tell, is enough to go to
Hello, operator, give me number nine,
If you disconnect me, I'll kick you in the
Behind the 'frigerator, there was a piece of glass,
If you do not pick it up, I'll kick you in the
Ask me no more questions, tell me no more lies,
This is what Lulu told me, just before she died.
She had a little brother, she named him Tiny Tim,
She put him in the potty, to see if he could swim.
He swam down to the bottom, he swam up to the top,
Lulu got disgusted, and flushed him down the pot.
		-- Princess


QOTD:
	"I opened Pandora's box, let the cat out of the bag and put the
	ball in their court."
		-- Hon. J. Hacker (The Ministry of Administrative Affairs)


Love is staying up all night with a sick child, or a healthy adult.


The first requisite for immortality is death.
		-- Stanislaw Lem


The world needs more people like us and fewer like them.


