Gorbachev woke up early one morning, and felt great.  He walked over to his
window, threw back the curtains, and saw the sun coming up.  He felt *so*
good, he crowed, "Good Morning Sun!", and was startled when a great booming
voice came back to him, "Good morning Comrade!  Good morning to you and
the great Soviet Socialist Republic!".  Of course, this surprised him, but
great politician that he is, he considers the political ramifications.
Gorbachev then woke up Reza and his closest aides, brought them into his
bedroom, and shouted out "Good morning, Comrade Sun!".  Again a booming reply,
"Good morning, Comrade.  Good morning to you and the rest of the Party!"
Everyone was quite excited about this, and Gorbachev sat down to his
day's work with a feeling of being destiny's favorite child.
	Later, in the evening, he was preparing for the ballet.  As he
dressed, he noticed that the sun was setting.  Walking over to the window,
Gorbachev threw up the sash and again addressed the sun, "Good evening to
you, Comrade Sun!".  Once more the great voice boomed out, "Fuck you,
asshole!  I'm in the West now!"


The countdown had stalled at "T" minus 69 seconds when Desiree, the first
female ape to go up in space, winked at me slyly and pouted her thick,
rubbery lips unmistakably -- the first of many such advances during what
would prove to be the longest, and most memorable, space voyage of my
career.
		-- Winning sentence, 1985 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest


Verba volant, scripta manent!


Son, someday a man is going to walk up to you with a deck of cards on which
the seal is not yet broken.  And he is going to offer to bet you that he can
make the Ace of Spades jump out of the deck and squirt cider in your ears.
But son, do not bet this man, for you will end up with an ear full of cider.
		-- Sky Masterson's Father


If Reagan is the answer, it must have been a VERY silly question.


	Stop!  Whoever crosseth the bridge of Death, must answer first
these questions three, ere the other side he see!

	"What is your name?"
	"Sir Brian of Bell."
	"What is your quest?"
	"I seek the Holy Grail."
	"What are four lowercase letters that are not legal flag arguments
to the Berkeley UNIX version of `ls'?"
	"I, er.... AIIIEEEEEE!"


No problem is so formidable that you can't just walk away from it.
		-- C. Schulz


There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist.


Passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life.
		-- Eric Hoffer


Do not read this fortune under penalty of law.
Violators will be prosecuted.
(Penal Code sec. 2.3.2 (II.a.))


I found out why my car was humming.  It had forgotten the words.


In 1880 the French captured Detroit but gave it back ... they couldn't
get parts.


His great aim was to escape from civilization, and, as soon as he had
money, he went to Southern California.


The nice thing about egotists is that they don't talk about other people.
		-- Lucille S. Harper


Bill Dickey is learning me his experience.
		-- Yogi Berra in his rookie season


Dry fucking: that's man on top of woman, the action is the same as fucking,
but you're dressed.  It's great for the girl... you're hitting and rubbing
exactly the area that you ought to be... I still like that.
		-- Grace Slick


Beam me up, Scotty!  It ate my phaser!


To love is good, love being difficult.


Tempt not a desperate man.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet"


Yesterday I was a dog.  Today I'm a dog.
Tomorrow I'll probably still be a dog.
Sigh!  There's so little hope for advancement.
		-- Snoopy


Hearts will never be practical until they can be made unbreakable.
		-- Frank Morgan as The Wizard, "The Wizard of Oz"


Show me a good loser in professional sports and I'll show you an idiot.
Show me a good sportsman and I'll show you a player I'm looking to trade.
		-- Leo Durocher


FORTUNE TESTS THE GREAT MANAGERS: #5

You have just returned from a trip to Green Bay, Wisconsin in January and
tell your boss that nobody but ladies of the evening and football players
live there.  He mentions that his wife is from Green Bay.  You:

	(a)  Pretend you are suffering from amnesia and don't
		remember your name.
	(b)  Ask what position she played.
	(c)  Ask if she is still working the streets.
	(d)  Pull lacy underwear from your raincoat pocket and ask
		if he recognizes the label.


Every path has its puddle.


The questions remain the same.
The answers are eternally variable.


Some performers on television appear to be horrible people, but when
you finally get to know them in person, they turn out to be even
worse.
		-- Avery


Home is where the hurt is.
		-- Strange de Jim


Q:	What's the difference between a man and the weekend?
A:	The weekend never comes too soon.


	While hunting, a man saw a beautiful nude woman come running out of
the woods and disappear across the clearing.  Just as she got out of sight,
three men dressed in white uniforms came running out of the same woods.
"Hey, you," yelled one of them, "did you see a woman come by here?"
	"Yes," replied the hunter.  "What's the trouble?"
	"She's an inmate of the county asylum, and gets loose every now and
then.  We're trying to catch her."
	"I can understand that," said the hunter, "But why is one of you
carrying a bucket of sand?"
	"That's his handicap," said the spokesman, "he caught her last time."


Please, won't somebody tell me what diddie-wa-diddie means?


Rugby is a game played by men with peculiarly shaped balls.


Marriage is an institution in which two undertake
to become one, and one undertakes to become nothing.


If the colleges were better, if they really had it, you would need to get
the police at the gates to keep order in the inrushing multitude.  See in
college how we thwart the natural love of learning by leaving the natural
method of teaching what each wishes to learn, and insisting that you shall
learn what you have no taste or capacity for.  The college, which should
be a place of delightful labor, is made odious and unhealthy, and the
young men are tempted to frivolous amusements to rally their jaded spirits.
I would have the studies elective.  Scholarship is to be created not
by compulsion, but by awakening a pure interest in knowledge.  The wise
instructor accomplishes this by opening to his pupils precisely the
attractions the study has for himself.  The marking is a system for schools,
not for the college; for boys, not for men; and it is an ungracious work to
put on a professor.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


There is a young lady named Aird,
Whose bottom is always kept bared.
	When asked why she pouts,
	She says "The Boy Scouts,
All beg me to please Be Prepared!"


When the revolution comes, count your change.


May a Misguided Platypus lay its Eggs in your Jockey Shorts


Q:	Why does Washington have the most lawyers per capita and
	New Jersey the most toxic waste dumps?
A:	God gave New Jersey first choice.


How can you be in two places at once
when you're not anywhere at all?


This fortune cookie program out of order.  For those in desperate
need, please use the program "randchar".  This program generates
random characters, and, given enough time, will undoubtedly come
up with something profound.  It will, however, take it no time at
all to be more profound than THIS program has ever been.


The default Magic Word, "Abracadabra", actually is a corruption of the
Hebrew phrase "ha-Bracha dab'ra" which means "pronounce the blessing".


BOHICA:
	Bend over, here it comes again.


Imagination is the one weapon in the war against reality.
		-- Jules de Gaultier


If women ran the military complex, would the missiles be shaped differently?


Critics are like eunuchs in a harem: they know how it's done, they've
seen it done every day, but they're unable to do it themselves.
		-- Brendan Behan


RUGGED:
	Too heavy to lift.


You can always tell luck from ability by its duration.


New book out from Gary Hart; "Six Inches from the White House".


An American scientist once visited the offices of the great Nobel prize
winning physicist, Niels Bohr, in Copenhagen.  He was amazed to find that
over Bohr's desk was a horseshoe, securely nailed to the wall, with the
open end up in the approved manner (so it would catch the good luck and not
let it spill out).  The American said with a nervous laugh,
	"Surely you don't believe the horseshoe will bring you good luck,
do you, Professor Bohr?  After all, as a scientist --"
Bohr chuckled.
	"I believe no such thing, my good friend.  Not at all.  I am
scarcely likely to believe in such foolish nonsense.  However, I am told
that a horseshoe will bring you good luck whether you believe in it or not."


Mankind is poised midway between the gods and the beasts.
		-- Plotinus


Colorless green ideas sleep furiously.


You'll wish that you had done some of the
hard things when they were easier to do.


Loneliness is a terrible price to pay for independence.


Oh don't the days seem lank and long
When all goes right and none goes wrong,
And isn't your life extremely flat
With nothing whatever to grumble at!


There is no need to do any housework at all.  After the first four years
the dirt doesn't get any worse.
		-- Quentin Crisp


Gratitude, like love, is never a dependable international emotion.
		-- Joseph Alsop


Hunters make the best lovers; they go deeper into the
bush, shoot more often and *always* eat what they shoot.


SEMPER UBI SUB UBI!!!!


The only problem with being a man of leisure
is that you can never stop and take a rest.


Unix gives you just enough rope to hang yourself -- and then a couple
of more feet, just to be sure.
		-- Eric Allman

... We make rope.
		-- Rob Gingell on Sun Microsystems' new virtual memory


Sailors in ships, sail on!
Even while we died, others rode out the storm.


And ever has it been known that
love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.
		-- Kahlil Gibran


To craunch a marmoset.
		-- Pedro Carolino, "English as She is Spoke"


[Nuclear war] ... may not be desirable.
		-- Edwin Meese III


XXXVI:
	The thickness of the proposal required to win a multimillion dollar
	contract is about one millimeter per million dollars.  If all the
	proposals conforming to this standard were piled on top of each other
	at the bottom of the Grand Canyon it would probably be a good idea.
XXXVII:
	Ninety percent of the time things will turn out worse than you expect.
	The other 10 percent of the time you had no right to expect so much.
XXXVIII:
	The early bird gets the worm.
	The early worm ... gets eaten.
XXXIX:
	Never promise to complete any project within six months of the end of
	the year -- in either direction.
XL:
	Most projects start out slowly -- and then sort of taper off.
		-- Norman Augustine


	"Oh sure, this costume may look silly, but it lets me get in and out
of dangerous situations -- I work for a federal task force doing a survey on
urban crime.  Look, here's my ID, and here's a number you can call, that will
put you through to our central base in Atlanta.  Go ahead, call -- they'll
confirm who I am.
	"Unless, of course, the Astro-Zombies have destroyed it."
		-- Captain Freedom


Woolsey-Swanson Rule:
	People would rather live with a problem they cannot
	solve rather than accept a solution they cannot understand.


A drama critic is a person who surprises a playwright by informing him
what he meant.
		-- Wilson Mizner


Of all the animals, the boy is the most unmanageable.
		-- Plato


I would like to suggest that you not use speed, and here's why:  it is
going to mess up your heart, mess up your liver, your kidneys, rot out
your mind.  In general this drug will make you just like your mother
and father.
		-- Frank Zappa


	A little dog goes into a saloon in the Wild West, and beckons to
the bartender.  "Hey, bartender, gimmie a whiskey."
	The bartender ignores him.
	"Hey bartender, gimmie a whiskey."
	Still ignored.
	"HEY BARMAN!!  GIMMIE A WHISKEY!!"
	The bartender takes out his six-shooter and shoots the dog in the
leg, and the dog runs out the saloon, howling in pain.
	Three years later, the wee dog appears again, wearing boots,
jeans, chaps, a Stetson, gun belt, and guns.  He ambles slowly into the
saloon, goes up to the bar, leans over it, and says to the bartender,
"I'm here t'git the man that shot muh paw."


I really had to act; 'cause I didn't have any lines.
		-- Marilyn Chambers


You will gain money by an illegal action.


Cleveland still lives.  God MUST be dead.


			Get GUMMed
			--- ------
The Gurus of Unix Meeting of Minds (GUMM) takes place Wednesday, April
1, 2076 (check THAT in your perpetual calendar program), 14 feet above
the ground directly in front of the Milpitas Gumps.  Members will grep
each other by the hand (after intro), yacc a lot, smoke filtered
chroots in pipes, chown with forks, use the wc (unless uuclean), fseek
nice zombie processes, strip, and sleep, but not, we hope, od.  Three
days will be devoted to discussion of the ramifications of whodo.  Two
seconds have been allotted for a complete rundown of all the user-
friendly features of Unix.  Seminars include "Everything You Know is
Wrong", led by Tom Kempson, "Batman or Cat:man?" led by Richie Dennis
"cc C?  Si!  Si!" led by Kerwin Bernighan, and "Document Unix, Are You
Kidding?" led by Jan Yeats.  No Reader Service No. is necessary because
all GUGUs (Gurus of Unix Group of Users) already know everything we
could tell them.
		-- Dr. Dobb's Journal, June '84


Whenever I feel like exercise, I lie down until the feeling passes.


As for the women, though we scorn and flout 'em,
We may live with, but cannot live without 'em.
		-- Frederic Reynolds


Snoopy: No problem is so big that it can't be run away from.


I am of the belief that catnip arrived on the planet in the same spaceship
that delivered cats. It is the only thing they have from their home
planet. Tuna, chicken, sparrow-brains, etc., these are all things of our
world that they like, but catnip is crack from home.
		-- Bill Cole


Between 1950 and 1952, a bored weatherman, stationed north of Hudson Bay,
left a monument that neither government nor time can eradicate.  Using a
bulldozer abandoned by the Air Force, he spent two years and great effort
pushing boulders into a single word.
	It can be seen from 10,000 feet, silhouetted against the snow.
Government officials exchanged memos full of circumlocutions (no Latin
equivalent exists) but failed to word an appropriation bill for the
destruction of this cairn, that wouldn't alert the press and embarrass both
Parliament and Party.
	It stands today, a monument to human spirit.  If life exists on other
planets, this may be the first message received from us.
		-- The Realist, November, 1964


Everything journalists write is true, except when they write about
something you know.
		-- Dag-Erling Smorgrav,
		   June 1999, FreeBSD-Stable Mailing List


THE WORST HOMING PIGEON

This historic bird was released in Pembrokeshire in June 1953 and was
expected to reach its base that evening.  It was returned by post, dead,
in a cardboard box eleven years later from Brazil.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


The best equipment for your work is, of course, the most expensive.
However, your neighbor is always wasting money that should be yours
by judging things by their price.


Chairman of the Bored.


He was part of my dream, of course --
but then I was part of his dream too.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


	Bill had just returned from a week of honeymooning, and his best
friend asked him how it went.
	"The first night we did it nine times," Bill said.  "The second
night, eight times.  The third night, seven times.  The fourth night, six
times.  The fifth night, five times.  The sixth night, four times, and the
last night, nothing!"
	"Nothing?" his pal asked.  "How come?"
	"Hey, you ever tried putting a marshmallow in a parking meter?"


Monogamy is the Western custom of one wife and hardly any mistresses.
		-- H. H. Munro


Real programmers don't draw flowcharts.  Flowcharts are, after all, the
illiterate's form of documentation.  Cavemen drew flowcharts; look how much
good it did them.


I like paying taxes.  With them I buy civilization.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


** MAXIMUM TERMINALS ACTIVE.  TRY AGAIN LATER **


I have no doubt the Devil grins,
As seas of ink I spatter.
Ye gods, forgive my "literary" sins--
The other kind don't matter.
		-- Robert W. Service


What scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch?
		-- J. D. Farley


Providence New Jersey is one of the few cities
where Velveeta cheese appears on the gourmet shelf.


I'm still waiting for the advent of the computer science groupie.


Any girl who believes that the way to a man's heart is through
his stomach is obviously setting her standards too high.


Any stone in your boot always migrates against the pressure gradient to
exactly the point of most pressure.
		-- Milt Barber


The problem with me is that I am fifty or one hundred years ahead of my
time.  My speed is very fast.  Some ministers have had to drop out of my
government because they could not keep up.
		-- Idi Amin Dada


What sin has not been committed in the name of efficiency?


It seems to me that nearly every woman I know wants a man who knows how
to love with authority.  Women are simple souls who like simple things,
and one of the simplest is one of the simplest to give.  ...  Our family
airedale will come clear across the yard for one pat on the head.  The
average wife is like that.
		-- Episcopal Bishop James Pike


If I were to walk on water, the press would say I'm only doing it
because I can't swim.
		-- Bob Stanfield


How come financial advisors never seem to be as wealthy as they
claim they'll make you?


Coding is easy;  All you do is sit staring at a
terminal until the drops of blood form on your forehead.


I've never been canoeing before, but I imagine there must
be just a few simple heuristics you have to remember...

Yes, don't fall out, and don't hit rocks.


LIFE:
	Learning about people the hard way -- by being one.


Isn't air travel wonderful?
Breakfast in London, dinner in New York, luggage in Brazil.


Computers can figure out all kinds of problems, except the things in
the world that just don't add up.


[Sir Stafford Cripps] has all the virtues
I dislike and none of the vices I admire.
		-- Winston Churchill


The best laid plans of mice and men are usually about equal.
		-- Blair


"One basic notion underlying Usenet is that it is a cooperative."

Having been on USENET for going on ten years, I disagree with this.
The basic notion underlying USENET is the flame.
		-- Chuq Von Rospach


Hear about...
	the guy who took a course in exotic lovemaking and announced that
	he'd never be able to face his girl again?


This universe shipped by weight, not by volume.  Some expansion of the
contents may have occurred during shipment.


First you get down on your knees,	Get in line in that processional,
Fiddle with your rosaries,		Step into that small confessional,
Bow your head with great respect,	There the guy who's got religion'll
And genuflect, genuflect, genuflect!	Tell you if your sins' original.
Do whatever steps you want if		If it is, try playin' it safer,
You have cleared them with the Pontiff,	Drink the wine and chew the wafer,
Ev'rybody say his own			Two, four, six eight,
Kyrie eleison,				Time to transubstantiate!
Doin' the Vatican Rag.

So get down upon your knees,		Make a cross on your abdomen,
Fiddle with your rosaries,		When in Rome do like a Roman,
Bow your head with great respect,	Ave Maria,
And genuflect, genuflect, genuflect!	Gee, it's good to see ya,
	Gettin' ecstatic an' sorta dramatic an' Doin' the Vatican Rag!
		-- Tom Lehrer, "The Vatican Rag"


To iterate is human, to recurse, divine.
		-- Robert Heller


	In a forest a fox bumps into a little rabbit, and says, "Hi,
Junior, what are you up to?"
	"I'm writing a dissertation on how rabbits eat foxes," said the
rabbit.
	"Come now, friend rabbit, you know that's impossible!  No one
will publish such rubbish!"
	"Well, follow me and I'll show you."
	They both go into the rabbit's dwelling and after a while the
rabbit emerges with a satisfied expression on his face.  Comes along a
wolf.  "Hello, little buddy, what are we doing these days?"
	"I'm writing the 2'nd chapter of my thesis, on how rabbits devour
wolves."
	"Are you crazy?  Where's your academic honesty?"
	"Come with me and I'll show you."
	As before, the rabbit comes out with a satisfied look on his face
and a diploma in his paw.  Finally, the camera pans into the rabbit's cave
and, as everybody should have guessed by now, we see a mean-looking, huge
lion, sitting, picking his teeth and belching, next to some furry, bloody
remnants of the wolf and the fox.

	The moral: It's not the contents of your thesis that are
important -- it's your PhD advisor that really counts.


Iowa State -- the high school after high school!
		-- Crow T. Robot


People often find it easier to be a
result of the past than a cause of the future.


Here's to the girl in little red shoes,
She drinks my liquor, she drinks my booze,
She has no cherry, but that's no sin,
She has the box the cherry came in.


There seems no plan because it is all plan.
		-- C. S. Lewis


Incest, n.:
	Sibling revelry; a sport the whole family can enjoy.


You can't take damsel here now.


	I managed to say, "Sorry," and no more.  I knew that he disliked
me to cry.
	This time he said, watching me, "On some occasions it is better
to weep."
	I put my head down on the table and sobbed, "If only she could come
back; I would be nice."
	Francis said, "You gave her great pleasure always."
	"Oh, not enough."
	"Nobody can give anybody enough."
	"Not ever?"
	"No, not ever.  But one must go on trying."
	"And doesn't one ever value people until they are gone?"
	"Rarely," said Francis.  I went on weeping; I saw how little I had
valued him; how little I had valued anything that was mine.
		-- Pamela Frankau, "The Duchess and the Smugs"


... though his invention worked superbly -- his theory was a crock of sewage
from beginning to end.
		-- Vernor Vinge, "The Peace War"


When among apes, one must play the ape.


You're definitely on their list.
The question to ask next is what list it is.


That woman speaks eight languages and can't say "no" in any of them.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Imagine what we can imagine!
		-- Arthur Rubinstein


Art is anything you can get away with.
		-- Marshall McLuhan


Prediction is very difficult, especially of the future.
		-- Niels Bohr


Oregano, n.:
	The ancient Italian art of pizza folding.


Why attack God?  He may be as miserable as we are.
		-- Erik Satie


What this country needs is a good five cent nickel.


Bore, n.:
	A person who talks when you wish him to listen.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


If you can't learn to do it well, learn to enjoy doing it badly.


He who hesitates is a damned fool.
		-- Mae West


I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.


FORTUNE TESTS THE GREAT MANAGERS: #9

You are making a sales presentation to a group of corporate executives
in the plushest office you've ever seen.  The enchilada casserole and
egg salad sandwich you had for lunch react, creating severe pressure.
Your sphincter loses control and you break wind, causing the glass
bookcase doors to shatter and a secretary to pass out.  You:

	(a) Offer to come back next week when the smell has gone away.
	(b) Point to the Chief Executive and accuse him of the offense.
	(c) Challenge anyone in the room to do better.


Go climb a gravity well.


LIVING YOUR LIFE:
	A task so difficult, it has never been attempted before.


LIBRA (Sep. 23 to Oct. 22)
	Your desire for justice and truth will be overshadowed by your desire
	for filthy lucre and a decent meal.  Be gracious and polite.  Someone
	is watching you, so stop staring like that.


I dread success.  To have succeeded is to have finished one's business
on earth, like the male spider, who is killed by the female the moment
he has succeeded in his courtship.  I like a state of continual
becoming, with a goal in front and not behind.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Colvard's Logical Premises:
	All probabilities are 50%.
Either a thing will happen or it won't.

Colvard's Unconscionable Commentary:
	This is especially true when
	dealing with someone you're attracted to.

Grelb's Commentary:
	Likelihoods, however, are 90% against you.


THE OLD POOL SHOOTER had won many a game in his life. But now it was time
to hang up the cue. When he did, all the other cues came crashing go the
floor.

"Sorry," he said with a smile.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


The individual choice of garnishment of a burger can be an important
point to the consumer in this day when individualism is an increasingly
important thing to people.
		-- Donald N. Smith, president of Burger King


People think love is an emotion.  Love is good sense.
		-- Ken Kesey


	Then there's the story of the man who avoided reality for 70 years
with drugs, sex, alcohol, fantasy, TV, movies, records, a hobby, lots of
sleep...  And on his 80th birthday died without ever having faced any of
his real problems.
	The man's younger brother, who had been facing reality and all his
problems for 50 years with psychiatrists, nervous breakdowns, tics, tension,
headaches, worry, anxiety and ulcers, was so angry at his brother for having
gotten away scott free that he had a paralyzing stroke.
	The moral to this story is that there ain't no justice that we can
stand to live with.
		-- R. Geis


About all some men accomplish in life is to send a son to Harvard.


Lift every voice and sing
Till earth and heaven ring,
Ring with the harmonies of Liberty;
Let our rejoicing rise
High as the listening skies,
Let it resound loud as the rolling sea.

Sing a song full of the faith that the dark past has taught us.
Sing a song full of the hope that the present has bought us.
Facing the rising sun of our new day begun,
Let us march on till victory is won.
		-- James Weldon Johnson


There are two trees in the forest.  They are very proud trees.  One day
they notice a sapling half-way between them.
	One tree proclaims, "That is a son of beech!"
	"No, that is a son of a birch!" insists the other.
	"A son of a BEECH!"
	"A son of a BIRCH!"
	"Son of a beech!"
	"Son of a birch!"

The fighting attracts a woodpecker who informs them that he can tell what
kind of tree the sapling is by its taste.  First he tastes the beech and
the birch.  Then he tastes the sapling.  "Well now, is that a son of a
beech or a son of a birch?" asks the beech.
	"You're both wrong!" says the bird.  "That's the best piece of ash
I've had my pecker in for a long time!"


IBM Pollyanna Principle:
	Machines should work.  People should think.


Say my love is easy had,
Say I'm bitten raw with pride,
Say I am too often sad --
Still behold me at your side.

Say I'm neither brave nor young,
Say I woo and coddle care,
Say the devil touched my tongue,
Still you have my heart to wear.

But say my verses do not scan,
And I get me another man!
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Fighting Words"


I do not seek the ignorant; the ignorant seek me -- I will instruct them.
I ask nothing but sincerity.  If they come out of habit, they become
tiresome.
		-- I Ching


The divinity of Jesus is made a convenient cover for absurdity.  Nowhere in
the Gospels do we find a precept for Creeds, Confessions, Oaths, Doctrines,
and whole carloads of other foolish trumpery that we find in Christianity.
		-- John Adams


Can't open /usr/share/games/fortune/fortunes.dat.


Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing.
		-- Wernher von Braun


Halt!!  Who goes there, friend or enema?


APPENDIX:
	A portion of a book, for which nobody yet has discovered any use.


