The trouble with a kitten is that
When it grows up, it's always a cat
		-- Ogden Nash


A horse!  A horse!  My kingdom for a horse!
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


Be careful!  UGLY strikes 9 out of 10!


You never gain something but that you lose something.
		-- Thoreau


Nietzsche says that we will live the same life, over and over again.
God -- I'll have to sit through the Ice Capades again.
		-- Woody Allen, "Hannah and Her Sisters"


God gives us relatives; thank goodness we can chose our friends.


One man tells a falsehood, a hundred repeat it as true.


What no spouse of a writer can ever understand
is that a writer is working when he's staring out the window.


Batteries not included.


Earth is a great, big funhouse without the fun.
		-- Jeff Berner


A woman's best protection is a little money of her own.
		-- Clare Booth Luce, quoted in "The Wit of Women"


The Sultan was peeved with his harem,
And cooked up a scheme for to scare'em.
	He caught a big mouse
	Which he loosed in the house.
(Such confusion is called harem-scarem).


Conjecture: All odd numbers are prime.

	Mathematician's Proof:
		3 is prime.  5 is prime.  7 is prime.  By induction, all
		odd numbers are prime.
	Physicist's Proof:
		3 is prime.  5 is prime.  7 is prime.  9 is experimental
		error.  11 is prime.  13 is prime ...
	Engineer's Proof:
		3 is prime.  5 is prime.  7 is prime.  9 is prime.
		11 is prime.  13 is prime ...
	Computer Scientist's Proof:
		3 is prime.  3 is prime.  3 is prime.  3 is prime...


Cleveland still lives.  God _m_u_s_t be dead.


Human cardiac catheterization was introduced by Werner Forssman in 1929.
Ignoring his department chief, and tying his assistant to an operating
table to prevent her interference, he placed a urethral catheter into
a vein in his arm, advanced it to the right atrium [of his heart], and
walked upstairs to the x-ray department where he took the confirmatory
x-ray film.  In 1956, Dr. Forssman was awarded the Nobel Prize.


	"Mind if I smoke?"
	"I don't care if you burst into flames and die!"


Q:	What do you call 15 blondes in a circle?
A:	A dope ring.

Q:	Why do blondes put their hair in ponytails?
A:	To cover up the valve stem.


Someone did a study of the three most-often-heard phrases in New York
City.  One is "Hey, taxi."  Two is, "What train do I take to get to
Bloomingdale's?"  And three is, "Don't worry.  It's just a flesh wound."
		-- David Letterman


Sometimes I simply feel that the whole
world is a cigarette and I'm the only ashtray.


GAY:
	One who'd rather swish than fight.


There's nothing like a girl with a plunging
neckline to keep a man on his toes.


I didn't believe in reincarnation in any of my other lives.  I don't see why
I should have to believe in it in this one.
		-- Strange de Jim


It is very vulgar to talk like a dentist when one isn't a dentist.
It produces a false impression.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Law enforcement officers should use only the minimum
force necessary in dealing with disorders when they arise.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Try to relax and enjoy the crisis.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


The fashionable drawing rooms of London have always been happy to accept
outsiders -- if only on their own, albeit undemanding terms.  That is to
say, artists, so long as they are not too talented, men of humble birth,
so long as they have since amassed several million pounds, and socialists
so long as they are Tories.
		-- Christopher Booker


I GUESS OF ALL MY UNCLES, I liked Uncle Caveman the best. We called him
Uncle Caveman because he lived in a cave and because sometimes he'd eat
one of us.  Later, we found out he was a bear.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


What is mind?  No matter.
What is matter?  Never mind.
		-- Thomas Hewitt Key (1799-1875)


Try not.
Do.
Or do not.
There is no try.


Knowledge is power.
		-- Francis Bacon


Creativity in living is not without its attendant difficulties, for
peculiarity breeds contempt. And the unfortunate thing about being
ahead of your time when people finally realize you were right, they'll
say it was obvious all along.
		-- Alan Ashley-Pitt


Don't get suckered in by the comments -- they
can be terribly misleading.  Debug only code.
		-- Dave Storer


Mental things which have not gone in through the
senses are vain and bring forth no truth except detrimental.
		-- Leonardo


Alive without breath,
As cold as death;
Never thirsty, ever drinking,
All in mail ever clinking.


There is never time to do it right, but always time to do it over.


The worst is not so long as we can say "This is the worst."
		-- King Lear


Minicomputer:
	A computer that can be afforded on the budget of a middle-level
	manager.


On a cannibal isle near Malaysia
Lives a lady they call Anastasia.
	Not Russian elite-
	She's eager to eat
Whatever or whoever lays her.


The weather is here, I wish you were beautiful.
My thoughts aren't too clear, but don't run away.
My girlfriend's a bore; my job is too dutiful.
Hell nobody's perfect, would you like to play?
I feel together today!
		-- Jimmy Buffet, "Coconut Telegraph"


Government spending?  I don't know what it's all about.  I don't know any
more about this thing than an economist does, and, God knows, he doesn't
know much.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


The real reason psychology is hard is that
psychologists are trying to do the impossible.


Pudder's Law:
	Anything that begins well will end badly.
	(Note: The converse of Pudder's law is not true.)


All laws are simulations of reality.
		-- John C. Lilly


Harris's Lament:
	All the good ones are taken.


Q:	What is the last thing a Kansas stripper takes off?
A:	Her bowling shoes.


People seem to enjoy things more when they know a lot of other people
have been left out on the pleasure.
		-- Russell Baker


Wonder is the feeling of a philosopher,
and philosophy begins in wonder.
		Socrates, quoting Plato


Don't tell me what you dream'd last night for I've been reading Freud.


A sharper perspective on this matter is particularly important to feminist
thought today, because a major tendency in feminism has constructed the
problem of domination as a drama of female vulnerability victimized by male
aggression.  Even the more sophisticated feminist thinkers frequently shy
away from the analysis of submission, for fear that in admitting woman's
participation in the relationship of domination, the onus of responsibility
will appear to shift from men to women, and the moral victory from women to
men.  More generally, this has been a weakness of radical politics: to
idealize the oppressed, as if their politics and culture were untouched by
the system of domination, as if people did not participate in their own
submission.  To reduce domination to a simple relation of doer and done-to
is to substitute moral outrage for analysis.
		-- Jessica Benjamin, "The Bonds of Love"


Drink Canada Dry!  You might not succeed, but it *_i_s* fun trying.


Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.


Some men are so interested in their wives continued happiness
that they hire detectives to find out the reason for it.


Each new user of a new system uncovers a new class of bugs.
		-- Kernighan


This system goes down more often than a two-dollar whore.


It's not the ups and downs of love, it's the ins and outs.


Every dog has its day, but the nights belong to the pussycats.


Someday, Weederman, we'll look back on all this and laugh... It will
probably be one of those deep, eerie ones that slowly builds to a
blood-curdling maniacal scream... but still it will be a laugh.
		-- Mister Boffo


The sex act is the funniest thing on the face of this earth.
		-- Diana Rigg


If some people didn't tell you,
you'd never know they'd been away on vacation.


X windows:
	Accept any substitute.
	If it's broke, don't fix it.
	If it ain't broke, fix it.
	Form follows malfunction.
	The Cutting Edge of Obsolescence.
	The trailing edge of software technology.
	Armageddon never looked so good.
	Japan's secret weapon.
	You'll envy the dead.
	Making the world safe for competing window systems.
	Let it get in YOUR way.
	The problem for your problem.
	If it starts working, we'll fix it.  Pronto.
	It could be worse, but it'll take time.
	Simplicity made complex.
	The greatest productivity aid since typhoid.
	Flakey and built to stay that way.

One thousand monkeys.  One thousand MicroVAXes.  One thousand years.
	X windows.


Love is the desire to prostitute oneself.  There is, indeed, no exalted
pleasure that cannot be related to prostitution.
		-- Charles Baudelaire


Ever Onward!  Ever Onward!
That's the sprit that has brought us fame.
We're big but bigger we will be,
We can't fail for all can see, that to serve humanity
Has been our aim.
Our products now are known in every zone.
Our reputation sparkles like a gem.
We've fought our way thru
And new fields we're sure to conquer, too
For the Ever Onward IBM!
		-- Ever Onward, from the 1940 IBM Songbook


"And, you know, I mustn't preach to you, but surely it wouldn't be right for
you to take away people's pleasure of studying your attire, by just going
and making yourself like everybody else.  You feel that, don't you?"  said
he, earnestly.
		-- William Morris, "Notes from Nowhere"


Mr. Cole's Axiom:
	The sum of the intelligence on the planet is a constant; the
	population is growing.


Q:	How do you make an elephant float?
A:	You get two scoops of elephant and some root beer...


Life is a gamble at terrible odds, if it was a bet you wouldn't take it.
		-- Tom Stoppard, "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead"


Everybody but Sam had signed up for a new company pension plan that
called for a small employee contribution.  The company was paying all
the rest.  Unfortunately, 100% employee participation was needed;
otherwise the plan was off.  Sam's boss and his fellow workers pleaded
and cajoled, but to no avail.  Sam said the plan would never pay off.
Finally the company president called Sam into his office.
	"Sam," he said, "here's a copy of the new pension plan and here's
a pen.  I want you to sign the papers.  I'm sorry, but if you don't sign,
you're fired.  As of right now."
	Sam signed the papers immediately.
	"Now," said the president, "would you mind telling me why you
couldn't have signed earlier?"
	"Well, sir," replied Sam, "nobody explained it to me quite so
clearly before."


Executive ability is prominent in your make-up.


We must respect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to
the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his
children smart.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Minority Report"


You scratch my tape, and I'll scratch yours.


If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library?
		-- Lily Tomlin


Since aerosols are forbidden, the police are using roll-on Mace!


`Just the place for a Snark!' the Bellman cried,
	As he landed his crew with care;
Supporting each man on the top of the tide
	By a finger entwined in his hair.

`Just the place for a Snark!  I have said it twice:
	That alone should encourage the crew.
Just the place for a Snark!  I have said it thrice:
	What I tell you three times is true.'
		-- Lewis Carroll, "The Hunting of the Snark"


A penny saved has not been spent.


Hear about...
	the Ayatollah Khomeini Doll?
	Wind it up and it takes Ken and Barbie hostage.


Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee
And I'll forgive Thy great big one on me.
		-- Robert Frost


A man without a woman is like a statue without pigeons.


We should be glad we're living in the time that we are.  If any of us had been
born into a more enlightened age, I'm sure we would have immediately been taken
out and shot.
		-- Strange de Jim


The knowledge that makes us cherish
innocence makes innocence unattainable.
		-- Irving Howe


Many a sober Christian would rather admit that a wafer is God than that God
is a cruel and capricious tyrant.
		-- Edward Gibbon


This login session: $13.99, but for you $11.88


	It seems there were two young Marines walking down the street, and
they chanced upon a lady who was both very proper and very well endowed.
One of them said, "Wow! What tits!  Hey lady, would I love to snuggle up with
them for awhile.  What are you doing this afternoon?"
	Well, the other Marine thought that was just about the most shameful
thing he had ever witnessed, and felt that he had to restore the honor of the
Corps.  "Pardon my friend, Ma'am," he apologized, "He's not been very well
brought up and don't know how to talk to cunt."


Mencken and Nathan's Fifteenth Law of The Average American:
	The worst actress in the company is always the manager's wife.


However, on religious issues there can be little or no compromise.  There
is no position on which people are so immovable as their religious beliefs.
There is no more powerful ally one can claim in a debate than Jesus Christ,
or God, or Allah, or whatever one calls this supreme being.  But like any
powerful weapon, the use of God's name on one's behalf should be used
sparingly.  The religious factions that are growing throughout our land are
not using their religious clout with wisdom.  They are trying to force
government leaders into following their position 100 percent.  If you disagree
with these religious groups on a particular moral issue, they complain, they
threaten you with a loss of money or votes or both.  I'm frankly sick and
tired of the political preachers across this country telling me as a citizen
that if I want to be a moral person, I must believe in "A," "B," "C," and
"D."  Just who do they think they are?  And from where do they presume to
claim the right to dictate their moral beliefs to me?  And I am even more
angry as a legislator who must endure the threats of every religious group
who thinks it has some God-granted right to control my vote on every roll
call in the Senate.  I am warning them today:  I will fight them every step
of the way if they try to dictate their moral convictions to all Americans
in the name of "conservatism."
		-- Senator Barry Goldwater, Congressional Record


Modern art is what happens when painters stop looking at girls and persuade
themselves that they have a better idea.
		-- John Ciardi


L'etat c'est moi.
[The state, that's me.]
		-- Louis XIV


When among apes, one must play the ape.


In the romantic days of Warsaw, Viennese whores were known for their
beauty and delicacy.  A gallant officer picked up one such lady of the
evening, who took him to her apartment.  They made delicious love all
evening before drifting to sleep in each others' arms.  In the morning
the man dressed, staring into a full-length mirror.  The lady lay in her
bed watching him.  Finally, she said softly,
	"Didn't you forget something?"
	"What did I forget?" asked the officer.
	"You forgot about the money," said the lady.
	"Oh, no," said the man, standing at ramrod attention.
"A Polish officer never accepts money."


One day Father O'Malley was walking through the park when he came upon an
enchanting scene.  A beautiful little girl with long blond hair, deep blue
eyes, and a dainty white dress was reading under a tree with her adorable
little dog.
	What a lovely picture, thought the Father to himself.  Walking over,
he asked, "Child, what is your name?"
	"Blossom," she replied.
	"What a fitting name," exclaimed Father O'Malley.  "And how did your
parents come to choose such a pretty name?"
	"Well, one day when I was still in my mommy's tummy she was lying
under this very tree when a blossom fell and landed on her stomach.  She
thought it was a message from God and decided that I would be a girl and my
name would be Blossom," explained the little girl sweetly.
	How charming, thought the priest.  He started to say good-bye and
walk away, then turned back.  "And the name of your little dog?" he
inquired.
	"Porky," was the child's reply.
	Again he asked her how the unusual name had been chosen.
	"Because he likes to fuck pigs."


Richard Nixon was the most dishonest individual I have ever met in my life.
He lied to his wife, his family, his friends, his colleagues in the Congress,
lifetime members of his own political party, the American people, and the
world.
		-- Barry Goldwater


While away at a convention, an executive happened to meet a young woman who
was pretty, chic, and intelligent.  When he persuaded her to disrobe in his
hotel room, he found out she had a superb body as well.  Unfortunately, as
will happen, the executive sadly found himself unable to perform.
	On his first night home, the executive padded naked from the shower
into the bedroom to find his wife swathed in a rumpled bathrobe, her hair
curled, her face creamed, munching candy loudly as she pored through a movie
magazine.  And then, without warning, he felt the onset of a magnificent
erection.
	Looking down at his throbbing member, he snarled, "Why you ungrateful,
mixed-up, son-of-a-bitch!  Now I know why they call you a prick!"


Observe yon plumed biped fine.
To activate its captivation,
Deposit on its termination,
A quantity of particles saline.


Gumperson's Law:
	The probability of a given event
	occurring is inversely proportional to its desirability.


This is the theory that Jack built.
This is the flaw that lay in the theory that Jack built.
This is the palpable verbal haze that hid the flaw that lay in...


FreeBSD: putting the horse before the cart since 1992.
		-- Warner Losh


The conservation movement is a breeding ground of Communists and other
subversives.  We intend to clean them out, even if it means rounding up
every bird watcher in the country.
		-- John Mitchell, Atty. General 1969-1972


The truth of a thing is the feel of it, not the think of it.
		-- Stanley Kubrick


A shy young man, preparing himself for what he hoped would be the ultimate sex
act with a pretty young lady, went into a drugstore to inquire about sizes and
styles of condoms.  The lusty proprietress, a buxom widow, saw an opportunity
for fun at the lad's expense.
	"Come in the back and try some on for size," she said, taking his hand.
The widow unzipped the youth's fly and watched the small instrument grow in
her hand as she measured it.  When the weapon had unfurled to a rosy seven and
a half inches, the young man, unable to contain himself, had an orgasm with a
tremendous discharge.  After recovering, he asked the widow if she could now
give him the proper size.
	"I'll do more than that," she said.  "I'll give you free meals and a
half interest in the store."


The sex act is the funniest thing on the face of this earth.
		-- Diana Rigg


Dear Emily:
	How can I choose what groups to post in?
		-- Confused

Dear Confused:
	Pick as many as you can, so that you get the widest audience.  After
all, the net exists to give you an audience.  Ignore those who suggest you
should only use groups where you think the article is highly appropriate.
Pick all groups where anybody might even be slightly interested.
	Always make sure followups go to all the groups.  In the rare event
that you post a followup which contains something original, make sure you
expand the list of groups.  Never include a "Followup-to:" line in the
header, since some people might miss part of the valuable discussion in
the fringe groups.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette


	Once there lived a village of creatures along the bottom of a great
crystal river.  Each creature in its own manner clung tightly to the twigs
and rocks of the river bottom, for clinging was their way of life, and
resisting the current what each had learned from birth.  But one creature
said at last, "I trust that the current knows where it is going.  I shall
let go, and let it take me where it will.  Clinging, I shall die of boredom."
	The other creatures laughed and said, "Fool!  Let go, and that current
you worship will throw you tumbled and smashed across the rocks, and you will
die quicker than boredom!"
	But the one heeded them not, and taking a breath did let go, and at
once was tumbled and smashed by the current across the rocks.  Yet, in time,
as the creature refused to cling again, the current lifted him free from the
bottom, and he was bruised and hurt no more.
	And the creatures downstream, to whom he was a stranger, cried, "See
a miracle!  A creature like ourselves, yet he flies!  See the Messiah, come
to save us all!"  And the one carried in the current said, "I am no more
Messiah than you.  The river delight to lift us free, if only we dare let go.
Our true work is this voyage, this adventure.
	But they cried the more, "Saviour!" all the while clinging to the
rocks, making legends of a Saviour.
		-- Richard Bach


Today is a good day to bribe a high-ranking public official.


	"Well, that was a piece of cake, eh K-9?"
	"Piece of cake, Master?  Radial slice of baked confection ...
coefficient of relevance to Key of Time: zero."
		-- "Doctor Who"


The intelligence of any discussion diminishes with the square of the
number of participants.
		-- Adam Walinsky


I'm just as sad as sad can be!
	I've missed your special date.
Please say that you're not mad at me
	My tax return is late.
		-- Modern Lines for Modern Greeting Cards


It is difficult to legislate morality in the absence of moral legislators.


TRANSVESTITE:
	Someone who spends his junior year at college abroad.


God isn't dead.  He just doesn't want to get involved.


This thing all things devours:
Birds, beasts, trees, flowers;
Gnaws iron, bites steel;
Grinds hard stones to meal;
Slays king, ruins town,
And beats high mountain down.


The horror... the horror!


"How many hors d'oeuvres you are allowed to take off a tray being
carried by a waiter at a nice party?"

Two, but there are ways around it, depending on the style of the hors
d'oeuvre.  If they're those little pastry things where you can't tell
what's inside, you take one, bite off about two-thirds of it, then
say:  "This is cheese!  I hate cheese!"  Then you put the rest of it
back on the tray and bite another one and go, "Darn it!  Another
cheese!" and so on.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"


You are never given a wish without also being given the
power to make it true.  You may have to work for it, however.
		-- R. Bach,
		   "Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul"


Kent's Heuristic:
	Look for it first where you'd most like to find it.


Ok, note to all reading this: if I ask for information and you don't
have the information available, don't bother sending me an e-mail
just to tell me that you don't have the information available. Wait
until you do have the information available, and then e-mail me. You'll
save precious time and electrons.
		-- Bill Paul


Don't confuse things that need action
with those that take care of themselves.


For flavor, instant sex will never supersede the stuff you have to peel
and cook.
		-- Quentin Crisp


Some women are like musical glasses.
To keep them in tune they must be wet.
		-- Samuel T. Coleridge


Questionable day.
Ask somebody something.


Once upon a time there was a farmer who had borrowed a bull to service his
two cows.  He put all three animals on a meadow and sent little Johnny to
observe and report any success.  A short time later, little Johnny came
running towards the house shouting: "Daddy, Daddy, the bull just fucked the
white cow!"
	The father took little Johnny aside and said: "Look, kid, it's
alright if you use that kind of language around me, but the reverend is
going to be visiting soon.  So next time, please use another word; just
say that the bull "surprised" the cow."
	Johnny agreed and went back to observe any progress.  A little
while later, while the preacher was talking to the farmer, little Johnny
came a-running again, shouting: "Daddy, Daddy!"
	The father, trying to avoid embarrassing the preacher, said: "I
know, the bull surprised the brown cow."
	Little Johnny replied: "He sure did, he fucked the white one again!"


The Sixth Commandment of Frisbee:
	The greatest single aid to distance is for the disc to be going
in a direction you did not want.  (Goes the wrong way = Goes a long
way.)
		-- Dan Roddick


America is a large, friendly dog in a very small room.  Every time it
wags its tail, it knocks over a chair.
		-- Arnold Joseph Toynbee


I brake for chezlogs!


Real wealth can only increase.
		-- R. Buckminster Fuller


IBM Pollyanna Principle:
	Machines should work.  People should think.


Nine megs for the secretaries fair,
Seven megs for the hackers scarce,
Five megs for the grads in smoky lairs,
Three megs for system source;

One disk to rule them all,
One disk to bind them,
One disk to hold the files
And in the darkness grind 'em.


<< WAIT >>


Fat Liberation: because a waist is a terrible thing to mind.


Ce livre est dedie a Chagrin,		This book is dedicated to Chagrin,
Qui fit un petit mannequin:		Who fashioned a small doll:
	Sans bras et tout noir,			Without arms and all black,
	Il etait affreux voir;			It was horrible sight;
En effet, absolument la fin.		In effect, the absolute end.
		-- Edward Gorey


	The problem with engineers is that they tend to cheat in order to
get results.
	The problem with mathematicians is that they tend to work on toy
problems in order to get results
	The problem with program verifiers is that they tend to cheat at
toy problems in order to get results.


We all live under the same sky, but we don't all have the same horizon.
		-- Dr. Konrad Adenauer


Nature, to be commanded, must be obeyed.
		-- Francis Bacon


A Parable of Modern Research:

	Bob has lost his keys in a room which is dark except for one
brightly lit corner.
	"Why are you looking under the light, you lost them in the dark!"
	"I can only see here."


Ferguson's Precept:
	A crisis is when you can't say "let's forget the whole thing."


As with most fine things, chocolate has its season.  There is a simple memory
aid that you can use to determine whether it is the correct time to order
chocolate dishes: Any month whose name contains the letter A, E, or U is the
proper time for chocolate.
		-- Sandra Boynton, "Chocolate: The Consuming Passion"


If we were meant to get up early, God would have created us
with alarm clocks.


Breast Feeding should not be attempted by fathers with hairy chests,
since they can make the baby sneeze and give it wind.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


What upsets me is not that you lied to me,
but that from now on I can no longer believe you.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


UNION:
	A dues-paying club workers wield to strike management.


XML is like violence: if it doesn't solve your problem, you aren't using
enough of it.
		-- XML guru Chris Maden


What is actually happening, I am afraid, is that we all tell each
other and ourselves that software engineering techniques should be
improved considerably, because there is a crisis.  But there are a few
boundary conditions which apparently have to be satisfied:

    1. We may not change our thinking habits.
    2. We may not change our programming tools.
    3. We may not change our hardware.
    4. We may not change our tasks.
    5. We may not change the organizational set-up
       in which the work has to be done.

Now under these five immutable boundary conditions, we have to try to
improve matters. This is utterly ridiculous.

Edsger W. Dijkstra, on receiving the ACM Turing Award in 1972


To stay young requires unceasing cultivation
of the ability to unlearn old falsehoods.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough For Love"


Everything bows to success, even grammar.


GREAT MOMENTS IN HISTORY (#7):  April 2, 1751

Isaac Newton becomes discouraged when he falls up a flight of stairs.


I went into the business for the money, and the art grew out of it.
If people are disillusioned by that remark, I can't help it.
It's the truth.
		-- Charlie Chaplin


Documentation is the castor oil of programming.  Managers know it must
be good because the programmers hate it so much.


If there is a possibility of several things going wrong, the one that
will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong.


To vacillate or not to vacillate, that is the question ... or is it?


	The Lord and I are in a sheep-shepherd relationship, and I am in
a position of negative need.
	He prostrates me in a green-belt grazing area.
	He conducts me directionally parallel to non-torrential aqueous
liquid.
	He returns to original satisfaction levels my psychological makeup.
	He switches me on to a positive behavioral format for maximal
prestige of His identity.
	It should indeed be said that notwithstanding the fact that I make
ambulatory progress through the umbrageous inter-hill mortality slot, terror
sensations will no be initiated in me, due to para-etical phenomena.
	Your pastoral walking aid and quadrupic pickup unit introduce me
into a pleasurific mood state.
	You design and produce a nutriment-bearing furniture-type structure
in the context of non-cooperative elements.
	You act out a head-related folk ritual employing vegetable extract.
	My beverage utensil experiences a volume crisis.
	It is an ongoing deductible fact that your inter-relational
empathetical and non-ventious capabilities will retain me as their
target-focus for the duration of my non-death period, and I will possess
tenant rights in the housing unit of the Lord on a permanent, open-ended
time basis.


When all else fails, pour a pint of Guinness in the gas tank, advance
the spark 20 degrees, cry "God Save the Queen!", and pull the starter
knob.
		-- MG "Series MGA" Workshop Manual


When a woman gives me a present I have always two surprises:
first is the present, and afterward, having to pay for it.
		-- Donnay


Grub first, then ethics.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


Hartley's Second Law:
	Never sleep with anyone crazier than yourself.

My corollary:
	The completely psychotic have all the fun.


You are number 6!  Who is number one?


No one knows what he can do till he tries.
		-- Publilius Syrus


Dishonor will not trouble me, once I am dead.
		-- Euripides


Said a pornographistic young poet
"Although I perhaps do not show it,
	My interest in sin
	Is wearing quite thin,
And I'll soon tell those fuckers to stow it."


Ouch!  That felt good!
		-- Karen Gordon


Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it.
		-- Marvin, from
		   Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


You had mail.
Paul read it, so ask him what it said.


Football builds self-discipline.  What else would induce
a spectator to sit out in the open in subfreezing weather?


Mencken and Nathan's Ninth Law of The Average American:
	The quality of a champagne is judged by the amount of noise the
	cork makes when it is popped.


Whoever dies with the most toys wins.


The reason big companies have lots and lots of meetings is because
they can't masturbate.


As with most fine things, chocolate has its season.  There is a simple memory
aid that you can use to determine whether it is the correct time to order
chocolate dishes: Any month whose name contains the letter A, E, or U is the
proper time for chocolate.
		-- Sandra Boynton, "Chocolate: The Consuming Passion"


Statisticians probably do it.


This fortune would be seven words long if it were six words shorter.


Eagleson's Law:
	Any code of your own that you haven't looked at for six or more
months, might as well have been written by someone else.  (Eagleson is
an optimist, the real number is more like three weeks.)


He who is content with his lot probably has a lot.


In 1989, the United States, which was displeased with the policies of the
dictator of Panama, invaded that country and placed in power a government
more to its liking.

In 1990, Iraq, which was displeased with the policies of the dictator of
Kuwait, invaded that country and placed in power a government more to its
liking.


Disco is to music what Etch-A-Sketch is to art.


Think lucky. If you fall in a pond, check your pockets for fish.
		-- Darrell Royal


The little pieces of my life I give to you,
with love, to make a quilt to keep away the cold.


Oden the bardling averred
His muse was the bum of a bird,
	And his Lesbian wife
	Would finger his fife
While Fisherwood waited as third.


Q:	What do you call a half-dozen Indians with Asian flu?
A:	Six sick Sikhs (sic).


