There are three things I have always loved
and never understood -- art, music, and women.


Keep America beautiful.  Swallow your beer cans.


Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood.
		-- Daniel Hudson Burnham


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#16

Relationships:
	First of all, a man does not call a relationship a relationship -- he
refers to it as "that time when me and Suzie were doing it on a semi-regular
basis".
	When a relationship ends, a woman will cry and pour her heart out to
her girlfriends, and she will write a poem titled "All Men Are Idiots".  Then
she will get on with her life.
	A man has a little more trouble letting go.  Six months after the
breakup, at 3:00 a.m. on a Saturday night, he will call and say, "I just
wanted to let you know you ruined my life, and I'll never forgive you, and I
hate you, and you're a total floozy.  But I want you to know that there's
always a chance for us".  This is known as the "I Hate You / I Love You"
drunken phone call, that 99% if all men have made at least once.  There are
community colleges that offer courses to help men get over this need; alas,
these classes rarely prove effective.


A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS:

1. DO NOT EXPECT YOUR DOCTOR TO SHARE YOUR DISCOMFORT.
	Involvement with the patient's suffering might cause him to lose
	valuable scientific objectivity.

2. BE CHEERFUL AT ALL TIMES.
	Your doctor leads a busy and trying life and requires all the
	gentleness and reassurance he can get.

3. TRY TO SUFFER FROM THE DISEASE FOR WHICH YOU ARE BEING TREATED.
	Remember that your doctor has a professional reputation to uphold.


Quantity is no substitute for quality,
but its the only one we've got.


Hear about...
	the young Chinese woman who just won the lottery?
	One fortunate cookie...


How comes it to pass, then, that we appear such cowards
in reasoning, and are so afraid to stand the test of ridicule?
		-- A. Cooper


IN MY OPINION anyone interested in improving himself should not rule out
becoming pure energy.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


SPINSTER:
	Unlusted number.


Fashions have done more harm than revolutions.
		-- Victor Hugo


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Man:

 1. Having a beer can't make you pregnant.
 2. A beer wouldn't trade you in on a sports car.
 3. If a beer did have a sports car, it wouldn't love it more than you.
 4. A beer doesn't want to go out alone with the other beers.
 5. A beer wouldn't waste its money on Playbeer magazine.
 6. You don't have to worry about getting AIDS from a bisexual beer.
 7. A beer won't switch the TV channel.
 8. A beer doesn't snore.
 9. A beer doesn't care that you can't find your car's carburator.
10. A beer doesn't think black leather bikinis are neat.


Children seldom misquote you.  In fact, they usually
repeat word for word what you shouldn't have said.


1:	A sheet of paper is an ink-lined plane.
2:	An inclined plane is a slope up.
3:	A slow pup is a lazy dog.

QED: A sheet of paper is a lazy dog.
		-- Willard Espy, "An Almanac of Words at Play"


Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.


You knew the job was dangerous when you took it, Fred.
		-- Superchicken


What the hell, go ahead and put all your eggs in one basket.


Death comes on every passing breeze,
He lurks in every flower;
Each season has its own disease,
Its peril -- every hour.
		-- Reginald Heber


Dear Ann Landers:
	I have a problem.  I have two brothers; one works for the Illinois
Bell Telephone Company, the other brother was just sentenced to death
in the electric chair for murder.  My mother died from insanity when
I was three years old.  My two sisters are prostitutes and my father
sells narcotics.
	I recently met girl who was just released from a reformatory where
she served time for smothering her illegitimate child to death.  I love
this girl and want to marry her.  My problem is this -- dare I tell her
about my brother who works for Illinois Bell?
		-- Confused


Carson's Observation on Footwear:
	If the shoe fits, buy the other one too.


Have you ever met a man of good character where women are concerned?

Well, I haven't.  I find that whenever a woman becomes friends with me,
she becomes jealous, exacting, suspicious, and a damn nuisance; and
whenever I become friends with a woman, I become selfish and tyrannical.
So here I am, Pickering, a confirmed old bachelor and very likely to
remain so.
		-- Henry Higgins, "My Fair Lady"


Q:	How do you know your elephant had her period?
A:	There's a nickel on your dresser and your mattress is missing.


Perilous to all of us are the devices of
an art deeper than we ourselves possess.
		-- Gandalf the Grey


Pain is just God's way of hurting you.


Bug, n.:
	An elusive creature living in a program that makes it incorrect.
	The activity of "debugging", or removing bugs from a program, ends
	when people get tired of doing it, not when the bugs are removed.
		-- "Datamation", January 15, 1984


You could get a new lease on life -- if only you
didn't need the first and last month in advance.


MARTA WAS WATCHING THE FOOTBALL GAME with me when she said, "You know most
of these sports are based on the idea of one group protecting its
territory from invasion by another group."

"Yeah," I said, trying not to laugh.  Girls are funny.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


I got my driver's license photo taken out of focus on purpose.  Now
when I get pulled over the cop looks at it (moving it nearer and
farther, trying to see it clearly)...  and says, "Here, you can go."
		-- Steven Wright


If you float on instinct alone, how can you
calculate the buoyancy for the computed load?
		-- Christopher Hodder-Williams


	Take the folks at Coca-Cola.  For many years, they were content
to sit back and make the same old carbonated beverage.  It was a good
beverage, no question about it; generations of people had grown up
drinking it and doing the experiment in sixth grade where you put a
nail into a glass of Coke and after a couple of days the nail dissolves
and the teacher says: "Imagine what it does to your TEETH!"  So Coca-Cola
was solidly entrenched in the market, and the management saw no need to
improve ...
		-- Dave Barry, "In Search of Excellence"


Some days you are the bug; some days you are the windshield.


A fellow bought a new car, a Nissan, and was quite happy with his purchase.
He was something of an animist, however, and felt that the car really ought
to have a name.  This presented a problem, as he was not sure if the name
should be masculine or feminine.
	After considerable thought, he settled on naming the car either
Belchazar or Beaumadine, but remained in a quandry about the final choice.
	"Is a Nissan male or female?" he began asking his friends.  Most of
them looked at him peculiarly, mumbled things about urgent appointments, and
went on their way rather quickly.
	He finally broached the question to a lady he knew who held a black
belt in judo.  She thought for a moment and answered "Feminine."
	The swiftness of her response puzzled him. "You're sure of that?" he
asked.
	"Certainly," she replied. "They wouldn't sell very well if they were
masculine."
	"Unhhh...  Well, why not?"
	"Because people want a car with a reputation for going when you want
it to.  And, if Nissan's are female, it's like they say...  `Each Nissan, she
go!'"

	[No, we WON'T explain it; go ask someone who practices an oriental
	martial art.  (Tai Chi Chuan probably doesn't count.)  Ed.]


A man always needs to remember one thing about
a beautiful woman.  Somewhere, somebody's tired of her.


Elliptic paraboloids for sale.


This is the story of the bee
Whose sex is very hard to see

You cannot tell the he from the she
But she can tell, and so can he

The little bee is never still
She has no time to take the pill

And that is why, in times like these
There are so many sons of bees.


The only problem with seeing too much is that it makes you insane.
		-- Phaedrus


The Right Honorable Gentleman is indebted to his memory for his jests
and to his imagination for his facts.
		-- Sheridan


	Excellence is THE trend of the '80s.  Walk into any shopping
mall bookstore, go to the rack where they keep the best-sellers such as
"Garfield Gets Spayed", and you'll see a half-dozen books telling you
how to be excellent: "In Search of Excellence", "Finding Excellence",
"Grasping Hold of Excellence", "Where to Hide Your Excellence at Night
So the Cleaning Personnel Don't Steal It", etc.
		-- Dave Barry, "In Search of Excellence"


Science is facts; just as houses are made of stones, so is science made
of facts; but a pile of stones is not a house and a collection of facts
is not necessarily science.
		-- Jules Henri Poincar'e


A Tale of Two Cities LITE(tm)
	-- by Charles Dickens

	A lawyer who looks like a French Nobleman is executed in his place.

The Metamorphosis LITE(tm)
	-- by Franz Kafka

	A man turns into a bug and his family gets annoyed.

Lord of the Rings LITE(tm)
	-- by J. R. R. Tolkien

	Some guys take a long vacation to throw a ring into a volcano.

Hamlet LITE(tm)
	-- by William Shakespeare

	A college student on vacation with family problems, a screwy
	girl-friend and a mother who won't act her age.


There are a few things that never go out of style,
and a feminine woman is one of them.
		-- Ralston


Do something big -- fuck a giant


Unfortunately, most programmers like to play with new toys.  I have many
friends who, immediately upon buying a snakebite kit, would be tempted to
throw the first person they see to the ground, tie the tourniquet on him,
slash him with the knife, and apply suction to the wound.
		-- Jon Bentley


Organic chemistry is the chemistry of carbon compounds.
Biochemistry is the study of carbon compounds that crawl.
		-- Mike Adams


To understand this important story, you have to understand how the
telephone company works.  Your telephone is connected to a local
computer, which is in turn connected to a regional computer, which is
in turn connected to a loudspeaker the size of a garbage truck on the
lawn of Edna A. Bargewater of Lawrence, Kan.

Whenever you talk on the phone, your local computer listens in.  If it
suspects you're going to discuss an intimate topic, it notifies the
computer above it, which listens in and decides whether to alert the
one above it, until finally, if you really humiliate yourself, maybe
break down in tears and tell your closest friend about a sordid
incident from your past involving a seedy motel, a neighbor's spouse,
an entire religious order, a garden hose and six quarts of tapioca
pudding, the top computer feeds your conversation into Edna's
loudspeaker, and she and her friends come out on the porch to listen
and drink gin and laugh themselves silly.
		-- Dave Barry, "Won't It Be Just Great Owning Our Own
		   Phones?"


Love is like a friendship caught on fire.  In the beginning a flame, very
pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering.  As love
grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning
and unquenchable.
		-- Bruce Lee


... and furthermore ... I don't like your trousers.


They Tore Out My Heart and Stomped That Sucker Flat
		-- Book title by Lewis Grizzard


You should avoid hedging, at least that's what I think.


Violence is molding.


Isn't it conceivable to you that an intelligent
person could harbor two opposing ideas in his mind?
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson, to reporters


Television is now so desperately hungry for material
that it is scraping the top of the barrel.
		-- Gore Vidal


God, I ask for patience -- and I want it right now!


Well, here it is, 1983, so it won't be long before you start reading a
lot of boring stories about people like Vance Hartke.  Hartke is a
governor or mayor or something from one of the flatter states, and the
reason you'll be reading about him is that he's one of the 50 top
contenders for the 1984 Democratic presidential nomination.  These men
will spend the next 18 months going around the country engaging in the
most degrading activities imaginable, such as wearing idiot hats and
appearing on "Meet the Press".  "Meet the Press" is one of those Sunday
morning public interest shows that the public is not the least bit
interested in.  It features a panel of reporters who ask questions of a
guest politician, who wins an Amana home freezer if he can get through
the entire show without answering a single question ...
		-- Dave Barry, "On Presidential Politics"


Depart in pieces, i.e., split.


Alimony is the curse of the writing classes.
		-- Norman Mailer


Woman is generally so bad that the difference
between a good and a bad woman scarcely exists.
		-- Tolstoy


She been married so many times
she got rice marks all over her face.
		-- Tom Waits


World tensions have, if anything, increased in the quarter century
since H. G. Wells uttered his glum warning:  "There is no more evil
thing on earth than race prejudice, none at all.  I write deliberately
-- it is the worst single thing in life now.  It justifies and holds
together more baseness, cruelty and abomination than any other sort of
error in the world."
		-- Sydney Harris


Do your otters do the shimmy?
Do they like to shake their tails?
Do your wombats sleep in tophats?
Is your garden full of snails?


The best laid plans of mice and men are held up in the legal department.


Apple owners do it with mice!


Come, you spirits
That tend on mortal thoughts, unsex me here,
And fill me, from the crown to the toe, top-full
Of direst cruelty! make thick my blood,
Stop up the access and passage to remorse
That no compunctious visiting of nature
Shake my fell purpose, not keep peace between
The effect and it! Come to my woman's breasts,
And take my milk for gall, you murdering ministers,
Wherever in your sightless substances
You wait on nature's mischief! Come, thick night,
And pall the in the dunnest smoke of hell,
That my keen knife see not the wound it makes,
Nor heaven peep through the blanket of the dark,
To cry `Hold, hold!'
		-- Lady Macbeth, "Macbeth"


Cheap things are of no value, valuable things are not cheap.


The most dangerous food is wedding cake.
		-- American proverb


Ah, my friends, from the prison, they ask unto me,
"How good, how good does it feel to be free?"
And I answer them most mysteriously:
"Are birds free from the chains of the sky-way?"
		-- Bob Dylan


[Norm returns from the hospital.]

Coach:  What's up, Norm?
Norm:   Everything that's supposed to be.
		-- Cheers, Diane Meets Mom

Sam:	What's new, Normie?
Norm:	Terrorists, Sam.  They've taken over my stomach.
	They're demanding beer.
		-- Cheers, The Heart is a Lonely Snipehunter

Coach: What'll it be, Normie?
Norm:  Just the usual, Coach.  I'll have a froth of beer and a snorkel.
		-- Cheers, King of the Hill


Q:	What's the difference between a RHU cheerleader and a whale?
A:	The moustache.


The best case:	   Get salary from America, build a house in England,
			live with a Japanese wife, and eat Chinese food.
Pretty good case:  Get salary from England, build a house in America,
			live with a Chinese wife, and eat Japanese food.
The worst case:    Get salary from China, build a house in Japan,
			live with a British wife, and eat American food.
		-- Bungei Shunju, a popular Japanese magazine


When in doubt, mumble; when in trouble, delegate; when in charge, ponder.
		-- James H. Boren


Hard work may not kill you, but why take the chance?


	So Richard and I decided to try to catch [the small shark].  With
a great deal of strategy and effort and shouting, we managed to maneuver
the shark, over the course of about a half-hour, to a sort of corner of the
lagoon, so that it had no way to escape other than to flop up onto the land
and evolve.  Richard and I were inching toward it, sort of crouched over,
when all of a sudden it turned around and -- I can still remember the
sensation I felt at that moment, primarily in the armpit area -- headed
right straight toward us.
	Many people would have panicked at this point.  But Richard and I
were not "many people."  We were experienced waders, and we kept our heads.
We did exactly what the textbook says you should do when you're unarmed and
a shark that is nearly two feet long turns on you in water up to your lower
calves: We sprinted I would say 600 yards in the opposite direction, using
a sprinting style such that the bottoms of our feet never once went below
the surface of the water.  We ran all the way to the far shore, and if we
had been in a Warner Brothers cartoon we would have run right INTO the beach,
and you would have seen these two mounds of sand racing across the island
until they bonked into trees and coconuts fell onto their heads.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wonders of Sharks on TV"


I just know I'm a better manager when I have Joe DiMaggio in center field.
		-- Casey Stengel


When one woman was asked how long she had been going to symphony concerts,
she paused to calculate and replied, "Forty-seven years -- and I find I mind
it less and less."
		-- Louise Andrews Kent


The problems with "Medflies" may have hurt Jerry Brown's chances to become a
Senator.  After all, if they won't allow California fruit out of the state,
how is Brown going to get to Washington?


	"Are you police officers?"
	"No, ma'am.  We're musicians."
		-- The Blues Brothers


The only difference between a car salesman and a computer salesman is
that the car salesman knows he's lying.


Never reveal your best argument.


Only way to open lips of pigeon, sledgehammer.


Mother said there would be days like this, but she never said there
would be so many.


The IBM purchase of ROLM gives new meaning to the term "twisted pair".
		-- Howard Anderson, "Yankee Group"


Science and religion are in full accord but
science and faith are in complete discord.


Because I do,
Because I do not hope,
Because I do not hope to survive
Injustice from the Palace, death from the air,
Because I do, only do,
I continue...
		-- T. S. Pynchon


Well, fancy giving money to the Government!
Might as well have put it down the drain.
Fancy giving money to the Government!
Nobody will see the stuff again.
Well, they've no idea what money's for --
Ten to one they'll start another war.
I've heard a lot of silly things, but, Lor'!
Fancy giving money to the Government!
		-- A. P. Herbert


Minicomputer:
	A computer that can be afforded on the budget of a middle-level
	manager.


A man is known by the company he organizes.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


Q:	What do a walrus and a tupperware container have in common?
A:	They both like a tight seal.


Hackers have kernel knowledge.


Purpitation, v.:
	To take something off the grocery shelf, decide you
	don't want it, and then put it in another section.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


THEGODDESSOFTHENETHASTWISTINGFINGERSANDHERVOICEISLIKEAJAVALININTHENIGHTDUDE


Freedom is nothing else but the chance to do better.
		-- Camus


During the darkest days of World War II, when each night brought waves of
Luftwaffe bombers raining death and destruction on a near-defenseless London,
Prime Minister Churchill went on the air to address the British people.  "I
read this morning's paper that Herr Hitler plans to wring England's neck like
that of a chicken," he began, "and I was reminded of what the Irish poacher
said as he stood on the gallows.  It seems the poor fellow was approached by a
well-meaning if somewhat overzealous priest who, in horrific detail, described
the unfading torments of Hades which awaited him if he did not repent of his
misdeeds. The condemned man listened patiently to all that the priest had to
say, and when he was done, grinned broadly and replied, 'Eat it raw, fuzz
nuts.'"
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


FLASH!
Intelligence of mankind decreasing.
Details at ... uh, when the little hand is on the ....


The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost.


We will have solar energy as soon as the utility companies solve
one technical problem -- how to run a sunbeam through a meter.


Of course, most people eventually give up bowling for sex.
The balls are lighter and you don't have to change your shoes.


Cancel me not -- for what then shall remain?
Abscissas, some mantissas, modules, modes,
A root or two, a torus and a node:
The inverse of my verse, a null domain.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


Q:	Why was Cinderella banished from the Magic Kingdom?
A:	For sitting on Pinocchio's face and screaming, "Tell the truth!
	Tell a lie!  Tell the truth!  Tell a lie!"


I once was annoyed by a queer
Who made his intentions quite clear.
	Said I, "I'm no prude,
	So don't think me rude,
But I'm already stewed, screwed, and tattooed."


I've had one child.  My husband wants to have another.  I'd like to
watch him have another.
		-- Rita Rudner


When forecasting, give them a number
or give them a date, but never both.


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"When program is being tested, it is too late to make design changes."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Today, of course, it is considered very poor taste to use the F-word
except in major motion pictures.
		-- Dave Barry, "$#$%#^%!^%&@%@!"


Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
		-- Albert Einstein


In France they piss on Main Street
(In pissoirs, Mama, not cheap display).
		-- Joni Mitchell


	An Aggie was appointed ambassador to Japan.  Two weeks before
officially reporting to the embassy, he went from geisha house to geisha
house.  While making love to a geisha girl, he heard her repeat, "Yaki-san,
yaki-san."
	Right away the Aggie thought to himself, "I've learned my first
Japanese word.  It must be an expression of joy."
	When he reported to the embassy, he received his first assignment,
which was to escort the prime minister of Japan around the golf course.
After having played a couple of holes, the prime minister teed-off and made
a hole-in-one.  The prime minister jumped up and down shouting, "Bonsai!
Bonsai!"
	Quickly, thinking that this was the perfect chance to show off the
new Japanese word that he'd learned, the Aggie exclaimed, "Yaki-san,
yaki-san!"
	The prime minister turned to the Aggie in surprise and exclaimed,
"What do you mean, wrong hole?"


Failure is more frequently from want of energy than want of capital.


No job too big; no fee too big!
		-- Dr. Peter Venkman, "Ghostbusters"


Hear about...
	one penile desensitizer that's so effective that you
	have to stroke the tube for five minutes to get the cap off?


Two midgets arrived at the convent door and asked to speak with the Mother
Superior.  Led into her office, the first one asked respectfully "Excuse
me, your holiness, but are there any midget nuns in this convent?"
	Receiving a reply to the negative, he asked whether any midget
nuns were to be found in any of the neighboring parish.  Again the reply
was no.
	The tiny man scratched his head and posed a final question.  "Beggin'
your pardon, Mother Superior, but would you know of *any* midget nuns at
all, anywhere?"  The nun shook her head.
	At which the first midget turned to the second midget, put his hand
on his shoulder, and said, "You see, I told you you fucked a penguin!"


In Germany they first came for the Communists and I didn't speak up because
I wasn't a Communist.  Then they came for the Jews, and I didn't speak up
because I wasn't a Jew.  Then they came for the trade unionists, and I
didn't speak up because I wasn't a trade unionist.  Then they came for the
Catholics, and I didn't speak up because I was a Protestant.  Then they came
for me -- and by that time no one was left to speak up.
		-- Pastor Martin Niemoller


Printers do it without wrinkling the sheets.


	Concerning the war in Vietnam, Senator George Aiken of Vermont noted
in January, 1966, "I'm not very keen for doves or hawks.  I think we need more
owls."
		-- Bill Adler, "The Washington Wits"


Answer a fool according to his folly, lest he be wise in his own conceit.
		-- Proverbs 26:5


I love you, not only for what you are,
but for what I am when I am with you.
		-- Roy Croft


People think love is an emotion.  Love is good sense.
		-- Ken Kesey


The ratio of literacy to illiteracy is a constant, but nowadays the
illiterates can read.
		-- Alberto Moravia


The sixth sheik's sixth sheep's sick.
		-- [just say that five times...]


The Poet Whose Badness Saved His Life
	The most important poet in the seventeenth century was George
Wither.  Alexander Pope called him "wretched Wither" and Dryden said of his
verse that "if they rhymed and rattled all was well".
	In our own time, "The Dictionary of National Biography" notes that his
work "is mainly remarkable for its mass, fluidity and flatness.  It usually
lacks any genuine literary quality and often sinks into imbecile doggerel".
	High praise, indeed, and it may tempt you to savour a typically
rewarding stanza: It is taken from "I loved a lass" and is concerned with
the higher emotions.
		She would me "Honey" call,
		She'd -- O she'd kiss me too.
		But now alas!  She's left me
		Falero, lero, loo.
	Among other details of his mistress which he chose to immortalize
was her prudent choice of footwear.
		The fives did fit her shoe.
	In 1639 the great poet's life was endangered after his capture by
the Royalists during the English Civil War.  When Sir John Denham, the
Royalist poet, heard of Wither's imminent execution, he went to the King and
begged that his life be spared.  When asked his reason, Sir John replied,
"Because that so long as Wither lived, Denham would not be accounted the
worst poet in England."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Objectivity is to a newspaper what virtue is to a woman.
		-- Joseph Pulitzer


Beggars should be no choosers.
		-- John Heywood


GREAT MOMENTS IN AMERICAN HISTORY (#21):  July 30, 1917

On this day, New York City hotel detectives burst in and caught then
Senator Warren G. Harding in bed with an underage girl.  He bought
them off with a $20 bribe, and later remarked thankfully, "I thought
I wouldn't get out of that under $1000!"  Always one to learn from
his mistakes, in later years President Harding carried on his affairs
in a tiny closet in the White House Cabinet Room while Secret Service
men stood lookout.


A freelancer is one who gets paid by the word -- per piece or perhaps.
		-- Robert Benchley


Given its constituency, the only thing I expect to be "open" about [the
Open Software Foundation] is its mouth.
		-- John Gilmore


Lord, what fools these mortals be!
		-- William Shakespeare, "A Midsummer-Night's Dream"


	"And what do you two think you are doing?!" roared the husband,
as he came upon his wife in bed with another man.  The wife turned and
smiled at her companion.
	"See?" she said.  "I told you he was stupid!"


I wish I was a fascinating lady
With a past that was cheap and a future that was shady
I'd sleep all day and I'd work all night
I'd live in a house with a little red light
And once a month I'd take a small vacation
And leave all the men to their imagination
And once in a while I'd go all wild
And have myself an illegitimate child
I wish I were a fascinating lady
Instead I'm the minister's child


There are two problems with a major hangover.  You feel
like you are going to die and you're afraid that you won't.


Novinson's Revolutionary Discovery:

	When comes the revolution, things will be different --
	not better, just different.


Is there life before breakfast?


Logic is the chastity belt of the mind!


The sky is blue so we know where to stop mowing.
		-- Judge Harold T. Stone


The scene: in a vast, painted desert, a cowboy faces his horse.

Cowboy: "Well, you've been a pretty good hoss, I guess.  Hardworkin'.
Not the fastest critter I ever come acrost, but..."

Horse:  "No, stupid, not feed*back*.  I said I wanted a feed*bag*.


Lockwood's Long Shot:
	The chances of getting eaten up by a lion on Main Street
	aren't one in a million, but once would be enough.


Visiting a lawyer for advice, the wife said, "I want you to help me obtain a
divorce. My husband is getting a little queer to sleep with."
	What do you mean?" asked the attorney. "Does he force you to indulge
in unusual sex practices?"
	"No, he doesn't," replied the woman, "and neither does the little
queer."


The Psblurtex is an 18-inch long anaconda that hides in the gentlemen's
outfitting departments of Amazonian stores and is often bought by mistake
since its colors are those of the London Reform Club.  Once tied around its
victim's neck, it strangles him gently and then claims the insurance before
running off to Germany where it lives in hiding.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


It's Like This

Even the samurai
have teddy bears,
and even the teddy bears
get drunk.


Making files is easy under the UNIX operating system.  Therefore, users
tend to create numerous files using large amounts of file space.  It has
been said that the only standard thing about all UNIX systems is the
message-of-the-day telling users to clean up their files.
		-- System V.2 administrator's guide


			Pittsburgh driver's test
3: When stopped at an intersection you should
	a) watch the traffic light for your lane.
	b) watch for pedestrians crossing the street.
	c) blow the horn.
	d) watch the traffic light for the intersecting street.
The correct answer is d.
You need to start as soon as the traffic light for the intersecting
street turns yellow.
Answer c is worth a half point.


I'm not sure I've even got the brains to be President.
		-- Barry Goldwater, in 1964


Q:	What do you call the money you pay to the government when
	you ride into the country on the back of an elephant?
A:	A howdah duty.


The warning message we sent the Russians was a
calculated ambiguity that would be clearly understood.
		-- Alexander Haig


COBOL is for morons.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


[Maturity consists in the discovery that] there comes a critical moment
where everything is reversed, after which the point becomes to understand
more and more that there is something which cannot be understood.
		-- S. A. Kierkegaard (1813-1855)


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #19
	A Los Angeles judge ruled that "a citizen may snore with immunity in
his own home, even though he may be in possession of unusual and exceptional
ability in that particular field."


Birth, n.:
	The first and direst of all disasters.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Disraeli was pretty close: actually, there are Lies, Damn lies, Statistics,
Benchmarks, and Delivery dates.


I'd never join any club that would have the likes of me as a member.
		-- Groucho Marx


I could never learn to like her --
except on a raft at sea with no other provisions in sight.
		-- Mark Twain


Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


Some people cause happiness wherever
they go; others, whenever they go.


Eleven reasons a cucumber is better than a man:
	(1)  Cucumbers can stay up all night, and you won't have to
	     sleep in the wet spot.
	(2)  Cucumbers don't play the guitar and try to find
	     themselves.
	(3)  You won't find out later that your cucumber (a) is
	     married, (b) is on penicillin, (c) likes you -- but loves
	     your brother!
	(4)  A cucumber won't care what time of the month it is.
	(5)  A cucumber never wants to get it on when your nails are
	     wet.
	(6)  Cucumbers don't say "Let's keep trying until we have a
	     boy".
	(7)  Cucumbers won't tell you size doesn't count.
	(8)  A cucumber won't leave you for a cheerleader or an ex-nun.
	(9)  Cucumbers don't fall asleep on your chest or drool on the
	     pillow.
	(10) Cucumbers don't care if you make more money than they do.
	(11) With a cucumber, the toilet seat is always the way you
	     left it.


You can do this in a number of ways.  IBM chose to do all of them.
Why do you find that funny?
		-- D. Taylor, Computer Science 350, University of Washington


I think the world would be a more peaceful place if people
could just keep their fingers out of the fortune files.
		-- Jordan K. Hubbard


Gay shlafen: Yiddish for "go to sleep".

	Now doesn't "gay shlafen" have a softer, more soothing sound
than the harsh, staccato "go to sleep"?  Listen to the difference:
	"Go to sleep, you little wretch!" ... "Gay shlafen, darling."
Obvious, isn't it?
	Clearly the best thing you can do for you children is to start
speaking Yiddish right now and never speak another word of English as
long as you live.  This will, of course, entail teaching Yiddish to all
your friends, business associates, the people at the supermarket, and
so on, but that's just the point.  It has to start with committed
individuals and then grow ...
	Some minor adjustments will have to be made, of course: those
signs written in what look like Yiddish letters won't be funny when
everything is written in Yiddish.  And we'll have to start driving on
the left side of the road so we won't be reading the street signs
backwards.  But is that too high a price to pay for world peace?  I
think not, my friend, I think not.
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

JCL support as alternative to system menu.

In our continuing effort to support languages other than LISP on the CADDR,
we have developed an OS/360-compatible JCL.  This can be used as an
alternative to the standard system menu.  Type System J to get to a JCL
interactive read-execute-diagnose loop window.  [Note that for 360
compatibility, all input lines are truncated to 80 characters.]  This
window also maintains a mouse-sensitive display of critical job parameters
such as dataset allocation, core allocation, channels, etc.  When a JCL
syntax error is detected or your job ABENDs, the window-oriented JCL
debugger is entered.  The JCL debugger displays appropriate OS/360 error
messages (such as IEC703, "disk error") and allows you to dequeue your job.


Cogito cogito ergo cogito sum --
"I think that I think, therefore I think that I am."
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Several years ago, an international chess tournament was being held in a
swank hotel in New York.  Most of the major stars of the chess world were
there, and after a grueling day of chess, the players and their entourages
retired to the lobby of the hotel for a little refreshment.  In the lobby,
some players got into a heated argument about who was the brightest, the
fastest, and the best chess player in the world.  The argument got quite
loud, as various players claimed that honor.  At that point, a security
guard in the lobby turned to another guard and commented, "If there's
anything I just can't stand, it's chess nuts boasting in an open foyer."


Power, n.:
	The only narcotic regulated by the SEC instead of the FDA.


Getting into trouble is easy.
		-- D. Winkel and F. Prosser


First rule of public speaking.
	First, tell 'em what you're goin' to tell 'em;
	then tell 'em;
	then tell 'em what you've tole 'em.


Perhaps no person can be a poet, or even enjoy
poetry without a certain unsoundness of mind.
		-- Thomas Macaulay


The first Rotarian was the first man to call John the Baptist "Jack."
		-- H. L. Mencken


