I've tried several varieties of sex.  The conventional position makes
me claustrophobic, and the others either give me a stiff neck or lockjaw.
		-- Tallulah Bankhead


I distrust a man who says when.  If he's got to be careful not to drink
too much, it's because he's not to be trusted when he does.
		-- Sidney Greenstreet, "The Maltese Falcon"


If you think last Tuesday was a drag,
wait till you see what happens tomorrow!


Life would be much simpler and things would get done much faster if it
weren't for other people.
		-- Blore


Evolution is a million line computer
program falling into place by accident.


A businessman is a hybrid of a dancer and a calculator.
		-- Paul Valery


If God had wanted us to use the metric system, Jesus would have had 10
apostles.


If you think the pen is mightier than the sword, the next time
someone pulls out a sword I'd like to see you get up there with
your Bic.


The ideal voice for radio may be defined as showing no substance,
no sex, no owner, and a message of importance for every housewife.
		-- Harry V. Wade


Your mode of life will be changed to ASCII.


In 1989, the United States, which was displeased with the policies of the
dictator of Panama, invaded that country and placed in power a government
more to its liking.

In 1990, Iraq, which was displeased with the policies of the dictator of
Kuwait, invaded that country and placed in power a government more to its
liking.


Death is life's way of telling you you've been fired.
		-- R. Geis


Come quickly, I am tasting stars!
		-- Dom Perignon, upon discovering champagne


While your friend holds you affectionately by both your hands you are
safe, for you can watch both of his.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


They couldn't hit an elephant at this dist...
		-- Civil War General John Sedgwick, his last words,
		   Battle of Spotsylvania Court House, 1864


Some say the world will end in fire,
Some say in ice.
From what I've tasted of desire
I hold with those who favor fire.
But if it had to perish twice
I think I know enough of hate
To say that for destruction, ice
Is also great
And would suffice
		-- Robert Frost, "Fire and Ice"


We've all heard about the woman who married a Field Service engineer but
divorced him after one day because he'd done nothing on their wedding night
but promise to have it up in 15 minutes.  What few people realize is that the
poor man was in the bathroom all night, masturbating furiously, muttering
"I just don't understand, it passes all the diagnostics!"


Youth is such a wonderful thing.  What a crime to waste it on children.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


No hardware designer should be allowed to produce any piece of hardware
until three software guys have signed off for it.
		-- Andrew S. Tanenbaum


There is a young lady named Aird,
Whose bottom is always kept bared.
	When asked why she pouts,
	She says "The Boy Scouts,
All beg me to please Be Prepared!"


A gangster assembled an engineer, a chemist, and a physicist.  He explained
that he was entering a horse in a race the following week and the three
assembled guys had the job of assuring that the gangster's horse would win.
They were to reconvene the day before the race to tell the gangster how they
each propose to ensure a win.  When they reconvened the gangster started with
the engineer:

Gangster: OK, Mr. engineer, what have you got?
Engineer: Well, I've invented a way to weave metallic threads into the saddle
	  blanket so that they will act as the plates of a battery and provide
	  electrical shock to the horse.
G:	  That's very good!  But let's hear from the chemist.
Chemist:  I've synthesized a powerful stimulant that dissolves
	  into simple blood sugars after ten minutes and therefore
	  cannot be detected in post-race tests.
G:	  Excellent, excellent!  But I want to hear from the physicist before
	  I decide what to do.  Physicist?

Physicist: Well, first consider a spherical horse in simple harmonic motion...


It's a small world, but I wouldn't want to have to paint it.
		-- Steven Wright


Is your job running?  You'd better go catch it!


Q:	How can you tell the bride at a WASP wedding?
A:	She's the one kissing the golden retriever.


I'll be Grateful when they're Dead.


First Rule of History:
	History doesn't repeat itself --
	historians merely repeat each other.


People of privilege will always risk their complete destruction
rather than surrender any material part of their advantage.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


Hear about...
	the loner who gave up his solitary vice for Lent?  Except on
	Palm Sunday, of course.


	"Sir", said the beggar, "can you spare fifty dollars for a cup of
coffee?"
	"Fifty dollars for a cup of coffee, one should be sufficient!",
answered the gentleman, rather shortly.
	"I know", replied the beggar, "but coffee always makes me horny."


We thrive on euphemism.  We call multi-megaton bombs "Peace-keepers", closet
size apartments "efficient" and incomprehensible artworks "innovative".  In
fact, "euphemism" has become a euphemism for "bald-faced lie".  And now, here
are the euphemisms so colorfully employed in Personal Ads:

EUPHEMISM			REALITY
-------------------		-------------------------
Independent thinker		Crazy
High spirited			Crazy and hyperactive
Free spirited			Crazy and irresponsible
Outrageous			Crazy and obnoxious
Exotic				Crazy with a pierced nose/nipple
Cuddly				Overweight
Huggable/Zaftig/Rubenesque	Fat (there's a lot to love)
Big and beautiful		Really Fat
Fat 'n' sassy			Really Fat and loud
Svelte/Slender			Anorexic
Dynamic				Pushy
Assertive			Pushy with a mean streak
Feisty/Ambitious		Would kill own mother for next corporate rung
Demanding			Will make your life a living hell
Looking for Mr./Ms. Right	Looking for Mr./Ms. Rich


Nick the Greek's Law of Life:
	All things considered, life is 9 to 5 against.


Your mode of life will be changed for
the better because of new developments.


Bill and Jim were walking home from work.  As they walked along, they
discussed their wives' spending habits.  "I don't understand how women
can spend so much money," Bill exclaimed.  "I mean, understand, she
don't drink, and she's got her own pussy!"


It's not the valleys in life I dread so much as the dips.
		-- Garfield


They are cold-blooded. They are completely ruthless about protecting
what they have. The only thing they connect to is the money aspect of
life.  Let's face it: That's the American way.
		-- Jeffrey M. Johnson, regional chairman of the District
		   of Columbia United Way, speaking of drug dealers.


A sadist is a masochist who follows the Golden Rule.


It seems appropriate to me that Mapplethorpe's perverse images should
be situated so close to Congress, which perpetuates a number of
unnatural acts upon the body politic every day, without benefit of
artificial lubrication or foreplay.
		-- Pat Calafia's review of Camille Paglia's
		   "Sex, Art and American Culture"


A bachelor is a man who never made the same mistake once.


Large cats can be dangerous, but a little pussy never hurt anyone.


Kites rise highest against the wind -- not with it.
		-- Winston Churchill


One good suit is worth a thousand resumes.


You worry too much about your job.
Stop it.  You are not paid enough to worry.


We promise according to our hopes, and perform according to our fears.


QOTD:
	"Her other car is a broom."


It is better to have loved and lost -- much better.


Me, I love the rich.  *Somebody* has to love them.  Sure, a lot
of rich people are assholes, but believe me, a lot of poor people
are assholes too.  And an asshole with money can at least pay
for his own drinks.
		-- Tom Robbins, "Jitterbug Perfume"


A little retrospection shows that although many fine, useful software systems
have been designed by committees and built as part of multipart projects,
those software systems that have excited passionate fans are those that are
the products of one or a few designing minds, great designers.  Consider Unix,
APL, Pascal, Modula, the Smalltalk interface, even Fortran; and contrast them
with Cobol, PL/I, Algol, MVS/370, and MS-DOS.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr.


Latin is a language,
As dead as can be.
First it killed the Romans,
And now it's killing me.


The wages of sin are high but you get your money's worth.


FEAR:
	What you feel when you see a U-Haul with Texas license plates.


Solutions are obvious if one only has the
optical power to observe them over the horizon.
		-- K. A. Arsdall


For certain people, after fifty, litigation takes the place of sex.
		-- Gore Vidal


Elegance and truth are inversely related.
		-- Becker's Razor


Ce livre est dedie a Chagrin,		This book is dedicated to Chagrin,
Qui fit un petit mannequin:		Who fashioned a small doll:
	Sans bras et tout noir,			Without arms and all black,
	Il etait affreux voir;			It was horrible sight;
En effet, absolument la fin.		In effect, the absolute end.
		-- Edward Gorey


	"Our school, madame, postulates, first of all, that since the
science of mathematics is an abstract science, it is best inculcated by
some concrete example."
	Said the Queen, "But that sounds rather complicated."
	"It occasionally leads to complications," Jurgen admitted, "through
a choice of the wrong example.  But the axiom is no less true."
	"Come, then, and sit next to me on this couch if you can find it in
the dark; and do you explain to me what you mean."
	"Why, madame, by a concrete example I mean one that is perceptible
to any of the senses -- as to sight or hearing, or touch --"
	"Oh, oh!" said the Queen, "now I perceive what you mean by a concrete
example.  And grasping this, I can understand that complications must of
course arise from a choice of the wrong example."
		-- James Branch Cabell, "Jurgen"


Modeling paged and segmented memories is tricky business.
		-- P. J. Denning


Bushydo -- the way of the shrub.  Bonsai!


A people living under the perpetual menace of war and invasion is very easy to
govern.  It demands no social reforms.  It does not haggle over expenditures
on armaments and military equipment.  It pays without discussion, it ruins
itself, and that is an excellent thing for the syndicates of financiers and
manufacturers for whom patriotic terrors are an abundant source of gain.
		-- Anatole France


Paul Revere was a tattle-tale.


	A reverend wanted to telephone another reverend.  He told the operator,
"This is a parson to parson call."
	A farmer with extremely prolific hens posted the following sign.  "Free
Chickens.  Our Coop Runneth Over."
	Two brothers, Mort and Bill, like to sail.  While Bill has a great
deal of experience, he certainly isn't the rigger Mort is.
	Inheritance taxes are getting so out of line, that the deceased family
often doesn't have a legacy to stand on.
	The judge fined the jaywalker fifty dollars and told him if he was
caught again, he would be thrown in jail.  Fine today, cooler tomorrow.
	A rock store eventually closed down; they were taking too much for
granite.


Never, ever lie to someone you love unless you're
absolutely sure they'll never find out the truth.


While farmers generally allow one rooster for ten hens, ten men are
scarcely sufficient to service one woman.
		-- Boccaccio


If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.
		-- Woody Allen


Bilbo's First Law:
	You cannot count friends that are all packed up in barrels.


The opulence of the front office door varies
inversely with the fundamental solvency of the firm.


Genlock, n.:
	Why he stays in the bottle.


[Washington, D.C.] is the home of... taste for
the people -- the big, the bland and the banal.
		-- Ada Louise Huxtable


When the speaker and he to whom he is speaking do not understand, that is
metaphysics.
		-- Voltaire


You have a strong appeal for members of the opposite sex.


Ever notice that the word "therapist" breaks down into "the rapist"?
Simple coincidence?
Maybe...


All programmers are playwrights and all computers are lousy actors.


When you and I are far apart
Can sorrow break your tender heart?
I love you darling, yes I do;
Sleep is so sweet when I dream of you;
All you are is a blossoming rose.
Night is here so I must close.
With care read the first word of each line.
You will find a question of mine.
		-- Yours hopefully, The VAX


Linus:	I guess it's wrong always to be worrying about tomorrow.
	Maybe we should think only about today.
Charlie Brown:
	No, that's giving up.  I'm still hoping that yesterday
	will get better.


You should not use your fireplace, because scientists now believe that,
contrary to popular opinion, fireplaces actually remove heat from
houses.  Really, that's what scientists believe.  In fact many
scientists actually use their fireplaces to cool their houses in the
summer.  If you visit a scientist's house on a sultry August day,
you'll find a cheerful fire roaring on the hearth and the scientist
sitting nearby, remarking on how cool he is and drinking heavily.
		-- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"


Well, God gave me a bust.  What am I supposed to do with it?
		-- Martha Mitchell


You will be reincarnated as a toad; and you will be much happier.


Tomorrow will be canceled due to lack of interest.


After I run your program, let's make love like crazed weasels, OK?


When eating an elephant take one bite at a time.
		-- Gen. C. Abrams


If I have seen farther than others, it is because I was standing on the
shoulders of giants.
		-- Isaac Newton

In the sciences, we are now uniquely privileged to sit side by side with
the giants on whose shoulders we stand.
		-- Gerald Holton

If I have not seen as far as others, it is because giants were standing on
my shoulders.
		-- Hal Abelson

Mathematicians stand on each other's shoulders.
		-- Gauss

Mathematicians stand on each other's shoulders while computer scientists
stand on each other's toes.
		-- Richard Hamming

It has been said that physicists stand on one another's shoulders.  If
this is the case, then programmers stand on one another's toes, and
software engineers dig each other's graves.
		-- Unknown


The Martian Canals were clearly the Martian's last ditch effort!


Musing on her present and past professions as "dominant/sadomasochism
fantasy fulfiller" and dental hygienist, Sybil said, "I couldn't really
understand why I wanted to be a dental hygienist, but years later, after
being in the SM world a long time, I figured it out:  I'm in uniform,
they're not.  I'm standing up, they're lying down.  I'm doing painful
things to them for their own good.  This is so ME."
		-- The Daily Cal, September 29, 1992 In an article titled:
		   "Kinky sex remains alive and whipping despite threat
		    of AIDS, book reveals"


	"Dad," the 13-year-old boy asked, looking up from his social-
studies text, "what did you do during the sexual revolution?"
	"Well, son," his father confided, "I guess you could say I was
captured early and spent the duration doing the dishes."


Q:	What's the difference between USL and the Graf Zeppelin?
A:	The Graf Zeppelin represented cutting edge technology for its time.


OPTIMIST:
	A man who makes a motel reservation before a blind date.


Nothing is as simple as it seems at first
	Or as hopeless as it seems in the middle
		Or as finished as it seems in the end.


Howard Cosell's biggest protrusion is his asshole.
		-- John Valby


	Dallas Cowboys Official Schedule

	Sept 14		Pasadena Junior High
	Sept 21		Boy Scout Troop 049
	Sept 28		Blind Academy
	Sept 30		World War I Veterans
	Oct 5		Brownie Scout Troop 041
	Oct 12		Sugarcreek High Cheerleaders
	Oct 26		St. Thomas Boys Choir
	Nov 2		Texas City Vet Clinic
	Nov 9		Korean War Amputees
	Nov 15		VA Hospital Polio Patients


Microbiology Lab:  Staph Only!


	One of my favorite Zoo jokes has to do with a woman who, while
visiting the zoo, decided to have a little fun with the Gorilla.  She walks
up to his cage, reaches in, and begins to fondle the beast.  Needless to
say, the animal becomes quite excited, and as he tries to reciprocate in
kind, the woman steps back and gives him a raspberry...!
	The gorilla becomes enraged.  He rips the bars from his cage, grabs
the woman, drags her back into the cage, and ravishes her.  While doing so,
he inflicts a great deal of harm upon her person.
	Later, at the hospital, a neighbor of the woman visits and exclaims,
"Oh, you poor dear...!  Are you hurt?"
	"Hurt!", "Hurt!?" the injured lady sobs, "He doesn't phone.  He
never writes..."


Democracy is a process by which the people are free to choose the man who
will get the blame.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


Mencken and Nathan's Second Law of The Average American:
	All the postmasters in small towns read all the postcards.


When your memory goes, forget it!


If I had done everything I'm credited with, I'd be speaking to you from
a laboratory jar at Harvard.
		-- Frank Sinatra

AS USUAL, YOUR INFORMATION STINKS.
		-- Frank Sinatra, telegram to "Time" magazine


	"Richard, in being so fierce toward my vampire, you were doing
what you wanted to do, even though you thought it was going to hurt
somebody else. He even told you he'd be hurt if..."
	"He was going to suck my blood!"
	"Which is what we do to anyone when we tell them we'll be hurt
if they don't live our way."
...
	"The thing that puzzles you," he said, "is an accepted saying that
happens to be impossible.  The phrase is hurt somebody else.  We choose,
ourselves, to be hurt or not to be hurt, no matter what.  Us who decides.
Nobody else.  My vampire told you he'd be hurt if you didn't let him?  That's
his decision to be hurt, that's his choice.  What you do about it is your
decision, your choice: give him blood; ignore him; tie him up; drive a stake
through his heart.  If he doesn't want the holly stake, he's free to resist,
in whatever way he wants.  It goes on and on, choices, choices."
	"When you look at it that way..."
	"Listen," he said, "it's important.  We are all.  Free.  To do.
Whatever.  We want.  To do."
		-- Richard Bach, "Illusions"


We ARE as gods and might as well get good at it.
		-- Whole Earth Catalog


	A man enters a pet shop, seeking to purchase a parrot.  He points
to a fine colorful bird and asks how much it costs.
	When he is told it costs 70,000 zlotys, he whistles in amazement
and asks why it is so much.  "Well, the bird is fluent in Italian and
French and can recite the periodic table."  He points to another bird
and is told that it costs 90,000 zlotys because it speaks French and
German, can knit and can curse in Latin.
	Finally the customer asks about a drab gray bird.  "Ah," he is
told, "that one is 150,000."
	"Why, what can it do?" he asks.
	"Well," says the shopkeeper, "to tell you the truth, he doesn't
do anything, but the other birds call him Mr. Secretary."
		-- being told in Poland, 1987


A day without orange juice is like a day without orange juice.


There are three reasons for becoming a writer: the first is that you need
the money; the second that you have something to say that you think the
world should know; the third is that you can't think what to do with the
long winter evenings.
		-- Quentin Crisp


Execute every act of thy life as though it were thy last.
		-- Marcus Aurelius


The only time a dog gets complimented is when he doesn't do anything.
		-- C. Schultz


SENILITY:
	The state of mind of elderly persons
	with whom one happens to disagree.


Last guys don't finish nice.
		-- Stanley Kelley, on the cult of victory at all costs


Friction is a drag.


Having children is like having a bowling alley installed in your brain.
		-- Martin Mull


The best you get is an even break.
		-- Franklin Adams


Reappraisal, n.:
	An abrupt change of mind after being found out.


%DCL-E-MEMBAD, bad memory
-SYSTEM-F-VMSPDGERS, pudding between the ears


Wasn't there something about a PASCAL programmer
knowing the value of everything and the Wirth of nothing?


An elderly couple were flying to their Caribbean hideaway on a chartered plane
when a terrible storm forced them to land on an uninhabited island.  When
several days passed without rescue, the couple and their pilot sank into a
despondent silence. Finally, the woman asked her husband if he had made his
usual pledge to the United Way Campaign.
	"We're running out of food and water and you ask *that*?" her husband
barked.  "If you really need to know, I not only pledged a half million but
I've already paid them half of it."
	"You owe the U.W.C. a *quarter million*?" the woman exclaimed
euphorically.  "Don't worry, Harry, they'll find us!  They'll find us!"


Many people feel that they deserve some kind of
recognition for all the bad things they haven't done.


Al didn't smile for forty years.  You've got to admire a man like that.
		-- from "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman"


A recent study has found that concentrating on difficult off-screen
objects, such as the faces of loved ones, causes eye strain in computer
scientists.  Researchers into the phenomenon cite the added concentration
needed to "make sense" of such unnatural three dimensional objects.


Sam:   What do you know there, Norm?
Norm:  How to sit.  How to drink.  Want to quiz me?
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd

Sam:   Hey, how's life treating you there, Norm?
Norm:  Beats me. ...  Then it kicks me and leaves me for dead.
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd

Woody: How would a beer feel, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Pretty nervous if I was in the room.
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd


The Illiterati Programus Canto 1:
	A program is a lot like a nose:
	Sometimes it runs, and sometimes it blows.


I always wake up at the crack of ice.
		-- Joe E. Lewis


The reward for working hard is more hard work.


DeVries' Dilemma:
	If you hit two keys on the typewriter,
	the one you don't want hits the paper.


To think contrary to one's era is heroism.  But to speak against it is
madness.
		-- Eugene Ionesco


	...He who laughs does not believe in what he laughs at, but neither
does he hate it.  Therefore, laughing at evil means not preparing oneself to
combat it, and laughing at good means denying the power through which good is
self-propagating.
		-- Umberto Eco, "The Name of the Rose"


Q:	Do you know what the death rate around here is?
A:	One per person.


Hear about...
	the Californian terrorist that tried to blow up a bus?
	Burned his lips on the exhaust pipe.


Gardeners do it in raised beds.


If you don't drink it, someone else will.


Where humor is concerned there are no standards -- no one can say what
is good or bad, although you can be sure that everyone will.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


Byte your tongue.


Think of your family tonight.
Try to crawl home after the computer crashes.


Knowledge is power.
		-- Francis Bacon


Many a writer seems to think he is never profound
except when he can't understand his own meaning.
		-- George D. Prentice


Where you stand depends on where you sit.
		-- Rufus Miles, HEW


Kath: Can he be present at the birth of his child?
Ed: It's all any reasonable child can expect if the dad is present
	at the conception.
		-- Joe Orton, "Entertaining Mr. Sloane"


The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor
prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively,
or to the people.
		-- U.S. Constitution, Amendment 10. (Bill of Rights)


When I was crossing the border into Canada, they asked if
I had any firearms with me.  I said, "Well, what do you need?"
		-- Steven Wright


Having children is like having a bowling alley installed in your brain.
		-- Martin Mull


A nubile female virtually never experiences difficulty in finding willing
sexual partners, and in a natural habitat nubile females are probably always
married.  The basic female "strategy" is to obtain the best possible husband,
to be fertilized by the fittest available male (always, of course, taking
risk into account), and to maximize the returns on sexual favors bestowed:
to be sexually aroused by the sight of males would promote random matings,
thus undermining all of these aims, and would also waste time and energy
that could be spent in economically significant activities and in nurturing
children.  A female's reproductive success would be seriously compromised
by the propensity to be sexually aroused by the sight of males.
		-- Donald Symons, "The Evolution of Human Sexuality",
		   attempting to explain the lack of female interest in
		   pornography.


You always introduce the younger person to the older person, using the
wording:  "Miss Brown, I'd like to introduce you to an older person"
(unless her name is not "Miss Brown").  If you do not know a person's
age, ask for a driver's license and a major credit card.  If you are
introduced to a member of a minority group, use the "high-five" style
handshake, followed by a remark designed to show you don't mind a bit,
such as "I see you are a (name of a minority group)!  Good!"
		-- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"


"Violence accomplishes nothing."  What a contemptible lie!  Raw, naked
violence has settled more issues throughout history than any other method
ever employed.  Perhaps the city fathers of Carthage could debate the
issue, with Hitler and Alexander as judges?


Anybody with money to burn will easily find someone to tend the fire.


Alimony is the curse of the writing classes.
		-- Norman Mailer


Promising costs nothing, it's the delivering that kills you.


People respond to people who respond.


Modesty: the gentle art of enhancing your charm by pretending
	not to be aware of it.
		-- Oliver Herford


I have seen the future and it is just like the present, only longer.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"


Re: Graphics:
	A picture is worth 10K words -- but only those to describe
	the picture.  Hardly any sets of 10K words can be adequately
	described with pictures.


Es brilig war.  Die schlichte Toven
	Wirrten und wimmelten in Waben;
Und aller-m"umsige Burggoven
	Dir mohmen R"ath ausgraben.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


There is no such thing as fortune.  Try again.


Bachelors' wives and old maids' children are always perfect.
		-- Nicolas Chamfort


God gave man two ears and one tongue so
that we listen twice as much as we speak.
		-- Arab proverb


The next person to mention spaghetti stacks
to me is going to have his head knocked off.
		-- Bill Conrad


One of the major difficulties Trillian experienced in her relationship with
Zaphod was learning to distinguish between him pretending to be stupid just
to get people off their guard, pretending to be stupid because he couldn't
be bothered to think and wanted someone else to do it for him, pretending
to be so outrageously stupid to hide the fact that he actually didn't
understand what was going on, and really being genuinely stupid.  He was
renowned for being quite clever and quite clearly was so -- but not all the
time, which obviously worried him, hence the act.  He preferred people to be
puzzled rather than contemptuous.  This above all appeared to Trillian to be
genuinely stupid, but she could no longer be bothered to argue about.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


