My brother-in-law has found a way to make ends meet.  He goes around
with his head stuck up his ass.


Courage is your greatest present need.


Q:	Why are babies born with soft spots on their heads?
A:	So you can pick 'em up five at a time.


The good time is approaching,
The season is at hand.
When the merry click of the two-base lick
Will be heard throughout the land.
The frost still lingers on the earth, and
Budless are the trees.
But the merry ring of the voice of spring
Is borne upon the breeze.
		-- Ode to Opening Day, "The Sporting News", 1886


Q:	How do you make an elephant float?
A:	You get two scoops of elephant and some root beer...


James McNeill Whistler's (painter of "Whistler's Mother") failure in his
West Point chemistry examination once provoked him to remark in later life,
"If silicon had been a gas, I should have been a major general."


You can measure a programmer's perspective by noting his attitude on
the continuing viability of FORTRAN.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Spagmumps, n.:
	Any of the millions of Styrofoam wads that accompany mail-order
	items.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


If it's worth hacking on well, it's worth hacking on for money.


Kern, v.:
	1. To pack type together as tightly as the kernels on an ear
	of corn.  2. In parts of Brooklyn and Queens, N.Y., a small,
	metal object used as part of the monetary system.


If only Dionysus were alive!  Where would he eat?
		-- Woody Allen


A light wife doth make a heavy husband.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"


If you can not say it, you can not whistle it, either.
		-- Wittgenstein


The History of every major Galactic Civilization tends to pass through
three distinct and recognizable phases, those of Survival, Inquiry, and
Sophistication, otherwise known as the How, Why, and Where phases.  For
instance, the first phase is characterized by the question "How can we
eat?" the second by "Why do we eat?" and the third by "Where shall we
have lunch?".
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the End of the Universe"


It'll be a nice world if they ever get it finished.


If you took all of the grains of sand in the world, and lined
them up end to end in a row, you'd be working for the government!
		-- Mr. Interesting


'Twas midnight on the ocean,		Her children all were orphans,
Not a streetcar was in sight,		Except one a tiny tot,
So I stepped into a cigar store		Who had a home across the way
To ask them for a light.		Above a vacant lot.

The man	behind the counter		As I gazed through the oaken door
Was a woman, old and gray,		A whale went drifting by,
Who used to peddle doughnuts		Its six legs hanging in the air,
On the road to Mandalay.		So I kissed her goodbye.

She said "Good morning, stranger",	This story has a morale
Her eyes were dry with tears,		As you can plainly see,
As she put her head between her feet	Don't mix your gin with whiskey
And stood that way for years.		On the deep and dark blue sea.
		-- Midnight On The Ocean


It isn't easy being the parent of a six-year-old.  However, it's a pretty
small price to pay for having somebody around the house who understands
computers.


There's nothing to writing.  All you do is sit at a typewriter
and open a vein.
		-- Red Smith


We all live under the same sky, but we don't all have the same horizon.
		-- Dr. Konrad Adenauer


Default, n.:
	[Possibly from Black English "De fault wid dis system is you,
mon."] The vain attempt to avoid errors by inactivity.  "Nothing will
come of nothing: speak again." -- King Lear.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


	Once there lived a village of creatures along the bottom of a great
crystal river.  Each creature in its own manner clung tightly to the twigs
and rocks of the river bottom, for clinging was their way of life, and
resisting the current what each had learned from birth.  But one creature
said at last, "I trust that the current knows where it is going.  I shall
let go, and let it take me where it will.  Clinging, I shall die of boredom."
	The other creatures laughed and said, "Fool!  Let go, and that current
you worship will throw you tumbled and smashed across the rocks, and you will
die quicker than boredom!"
	But the one heeded them not, and taking a breath did let go, and at
once was tumbled and smashed by the current across the rocks.  Yet, in time,
as the creature refused to cling again, the current lifted him free from the
bottom, and he was bruised and hurt no more.
	And the creatures downstream, to whom he was a stranger, cried, "See
a miracle!  A creature like ourselves, yet he flies!  See the Messiah, come
to save us all!"  And the one carried in the current said, "I am no more
Messiah than you.  The river delight to lift us free, if only we dare let go.
Our true work is this voyage, this adventure.
	But they cried the more, "Saviour!" all the while clinging to the
rocks, making legends of a Saviour.
		-- Richard Bach


This is a test of the emergency cunnilingus system. If this had been an
actual emergency, you would have known it!


Death is nature's way of telling you to slow down.


Diet Mountain Dew has the same pH and density of urine.
		-- Newsweek, 31 July, 1989


HELP!  Man trapped in a human body!


Gilbert's Discovery:
	Any attempt to use the new super glues results in the two pieces
	sticking to your thumb and index finger rather than to each other.


Sam:	What's going on, Normie?
Norm:	My birthday, Sammy.  Give me a beer, stick a candle in
	it, and I'll blow out my liver.
		-- Cheers, Where Have All the Floorboards Gone

Woody:	Hey, Mr. P.  How goes the search for Mr. Clavin?
Norm:	Not as well as the search for Mr. Donut.
	Found him every couple of blocks.
		-- Cheers, Head Over Hill


QOTD:
	"No, honey, I've never been circumsized;
		it's simply wear and tear."


I'd love to go out with you, but I have to stay home and see if I
snore.


If a man has talent and cannot use it, he has failed.
		-- Thomas Wolfe


Smile!  You're on Candid Camera.


FreeBSD: Have you had your fairings today?


Unix gives you just enough rope to hang yourself -- and then a couple
of more feet, just to be sure.
		-- Eric Allman

... We make rope.
		-- Rob Gingell on Sun Microsystems' new virtual memory


	People who claim to know jackrabbits will tell you they are primarily
motivated by Fear, Stupidity and Craziness.  But I have spent enough time in
jackrabbit country to know that most of them lead pretty dull lives; they are
bored with their daily routines:  eat, fuck, sleep, hop around a bush now and
then... No wonder some of them drift over the line into cheap thrills once in
a while; there has to be a powerful adrenaline rush in crouching by the side of
a road, waiting for the next set of headlights to come along, then streaking
out of the bushes with split-second timing and making it across to the other
side just inches in front of the speeding front wheels.
	Why not?  Anything that gets the adrenaline moving like a 440 volt
blast in a copper bathtub is good for the reflexes and keeps the veins free
of cholesterol ...  but too many adrenaline rushes in any given time-span has
the same bad effect on the nervous system as too many electro-shock treatments
are said to have on the brain:  after a while you start burning out the
circuits.
	When a jackrabbit gets addicted to road running, it is only a matter
of time before he gets smashed -- and when a journalist turns into a politics
junkie he will sooner or later start raving and babbling in print about things
that only a person who has Been There can possibly understand.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing:
		   On the Campaign Trail"


Don't read everything you believe.


Gil-galad was an Elven-King
of him the harpers sadly sing;
the last whose realm was fair and free
between the Mountains and the Sea.

His sword was long, his lance was keen,
his shining helm afar was seen;
the countless stars of heaven's field
were mirrored in his silver shield.

But long ago he rode away,
and where he dwelleth none can say;
for into darkness fell his star
in Mordor where the shadows are.


Fellow programmer, greetings!  You are reading a letter which will bring
you luck and good fortune.  Just mail (or UUCP) ten copies of this letter
to ten of your friends.  Before you make the copies, send a chip or
other bit of hardware, and 100 lines of "C" code to the first person on the
list given at the bottom of this letter.  Then delete their name and add
yours to the bottom of the list.

Don't break the chain!  Make the copy within 48 hours.  Gerald R. of San
Diego failed to send out his ten copies and woke the next morning to find
his job description changed to "COBOL programmer."  Fred A. of New York sent
out his ten copies and within a month had enough hardware and software to
build a Cray dedicated to playing Zork.  Martha H. of Chicago laughed at
this letter and broke the chain.  Shortly thereafter, a fire broke out in
her terminal and she now spends her days writing documentation for IBM PC's.

Don't break the chain!  Send out your ten copies today!


Message will arrive in the mail.
Destroy, before the FBI sees it.


So from the depths of its enchantment, Terra was able to calculate a course
of action.  Here at last was an opportunity to consort with Dirbanu on a
friendly basis -- great Dirbanu which, since it had force fields which Earth
could not duplicate, must of necessity have many other things Earth could
use; mighty Dirbanu before whom we would kneel in supplication (with purely-
for-defense bombs hidden in our pockets) with lowered heads (making invisible
the knife in our teeth) and ask for crumbs from their table (in order to
extrapolate the location of their kitchens).
		-- T. Sturgeon, "The World Well Lost"


A clergical student named Simms
Hums liturgical tunes while he rims:
	A nice piece of ass
	Gets the B-Minor Mass ...
All the others get Anglican hymns.


Balls Law:
	The angle of the dangle is directly proportional to the heat
	of the meat provided that the thrusts of the busts are constant.


Intolerance is the last defense of the insecure.


Communicate!  It can't make things any worse.


There are only two kinds of men -- the dead and the deadly.
		-- Helen Rowland


UNIX was not designed to stop you from doing stupid things, because that
would also stop you from doing clever things.
		-- Doug Gwyn


When the doubt vanishes and the issue becomes evident, stupidity reigns.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


We are what we pretend to be.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr.


The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality
of functions performed by private citizens.
		-- Alexis de Tocqueville


Klingon phaser attack from front!!!!!
100% Damage to life support!!!!


Any man can work when every stroke of his hand brings down the fruit
rattling from the tree to the ground; but to labor in season and out
of season, under every discouragement, by the power of truth -- that
requires a heroism which is transcendent.
		-- Henry Ward Beecher


DATA:
	Computerspeak for "information".  Properly pronounced
	the way Bostonians pronounce the word for a female child.


An apple every eight hours will keep three doctors away.


If you think last Tuesday was a drag,
wait till you see what happens tomorrow!


Here I am again right where I know I shouldn't be
I've been caught inside this trap too many times
I must've walked these steps and said these words a
	thousand times before
It seems like I know everybody's lines.
		-- David Bromberg, "How Late'll You Play 'Til?"


Have you ever noticed that the people who are always trying
to tell you `there's a time for work and a time for play'
never find the time for play?


Science is to computer science as hydrodynamics is to plumbing.


I don't do it for the money.
		-- Donald Trump, Art of the Deal


You've been telling me to relax all the way here,
and now you're telling me just to be myself?
		-- The Return of the Secaucus Seven


Climate and Surgery
	R C Gilchrist, who was shot by J Sharp twelve days ago, and who
received a derringer ball in the right breast, and who it was supposed at
the time could not live many hours, was on the street yesterday and the
day before - walking several blocks at a time.  To those who design to be
riddled with bullets or cut to pieces with Bowie-knives, we cordially
recommend our Sacramento climate and Sacramento surgery.
		-- Sacramento Daily Union, September 11, 1861


There will be sex after death, we just won't be able to feel it.
		-- Lily Tomlin


It was on the tip of my tongue to tell them about the deer, but I ended up
not doing it.  That was one thing I kept to myself.  I've never spoken or
written of it until just now, today.  And I have to tell you that it seems
a lesser thing written down, damn near inconsequential.  But for me it was
the best part of that trip, the cleanest part, and it was a moment I found
myself returning to, almost helplessly, when there was trouble in my life --
my first day in the bush in Vietnam, and this fellow walked into the clearing
where we were with his hand over his nose and when he took his hand away there
was no nose there because it had been shot off; the time the doctor told us
our youngest son might be hydrocephalic (he turned out just to have an
oversized head, thank God); the long crazy weeks before my mother died.  I
would find my thoughts turning back to that morning, the scuffed suede of
her ears, the white flash of her tail.  But eight hundred million Red Chinese
don't give a shit, right?  The most important things are the hardest to say,
because words diminish them.  It's hard to make strangers care about the
good things in your life.
		-- Stephen King, "The Body"


How you look depends on where you go.


... a thing called Ethics, whose nature was confusing but if you had it you
were a High-Class Realtor and if you hadn't you were a shyster, a piker and
a fly-by-night.  These virtues awakened Confidence and enabled you to handle
Bigger Propositions.  But they didn't imply that you were to be impractical
and refuse to take twice the value for a house if a buyer was such an idiot
that he didn't force you down on the asking price.
		-- Sinclair Lewis, "Babbitt"


Dance is the vertical expression of a horizontal intention.


Hurewitz's Memory Principle:
	The chance of forgetting something is directly proportional
	to... to... uh.....


Imagination is the one weapon in the war against reality.
		-- Jules de Gaultier


Embarrassment, n.:
	Finding out your German Shepherd has the clap.


We have ears, earther...FOUR OF THEM!


While we are sleeping, two-thirds of the world is plotting to do us in.
		-- Dean Rusk


Law stands mute in the midst of arms.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero


It is like saying that for the cause of peace,
God and the Devil will have a high-level meeting.
		-- Rev. Carl McIntire, on Nixon's China trip


Here is a test to find whether your mission on earth is finished:
if you're alive, it isn't.


Ye've also got to remember that ... respectable people do the most
astonishin' things to preserve their respectability.  Thank God
I'm not respectable.
		-- Ruthven Campbell Todd


The difference between this place and yogurt
is that yogurt has a live culture.


What causes the mysterious death of everyone?


IOT trap -- mos dumped


ALGORITHM:
	Trendy dance for hip programmers.


CAD:
	A man who doesn't tell his wife
	that he's sterile until she's pregnant.


Truly great madness can not be achieved without significant intelligence.
		-- Henrik Tikkanen


If you would know the value of money, go try to borrow some.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Ona day Ima gonna to Detroit to a bigga hotel.  Ina morning I go down to
eat breakfast.  I tella waitress I wanna two piss's toast.  She bringa me
only one piss.  I tella her I wanna two piss ona my plate.  She says you
better no piss on the plate, you sonna bitch.  I don't even know the lady
and she call me sonna bitch.  Later I go out to eat at the bigga restaurant.
The waitress bring me a spoon and a knife but no fock.  I tell her I wanna
fock.  She tells me everone wanna fock.  I tell her "you no understand", I
wanna fock on the table.  She say you better not fock on the table, you
sonna bitch.  So I go back to my room ina hotel and there isa no shits ona
my bed.  I calla the manager and tella him I wanna shit.  He tella me to go
to the toilet.  I say "you no understand", I wanna shit on the bed.  He say
you better no shit ona bed, you sonna bitch.  I go to check out and the man
at the desk say "peace to you".  I say piss on you too, you sonna bitch.  I
gonna back to Italy.


In English, every word can be verbed.  Would that it were so in our
programming languages.


Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Drinking when we are not thirsty and making love at all seasons, madam:
that is all there is to distinguish us from the other animals.
		-- Pierre de Beaumarchais, "Le Marriage de Figaro"


Old programmers never die, they just branch to a new address.


	There was an Englishman, a Frenchman, and a Newfoundlander sitting in
a bar having a few drinks together.
	The Englishman turns to the Frenchman, "So tell me, what do you do to
drive your wife wild in bed?"
	"Well", replies the Frenchman, "After we make love, I go out to the
garden and pick some roses.  Then I take the petals off and put them all over
her body. then I gently blow them off with a soft, even breath, and that drives
her wild with desire."
	"Interesting," the Englishman replies.  "After my wife and I make love
I massage baby oil gently all over her body -- that works for me!"
Then the pair turn to the Newfie and ask him what he does.
	"Well...", he says, "when me and the old lady are through, I jump
out of bed and wipe my dick off on the curtain.  And that REALLY drives
her wild."


No Marxist can deny that the interests of socialism are higher
than the interests of the right of nations to self-determination.
		-- Lenin, 1918


He played smooch and stinkfinger with Daisy
Till this virgin was gotch-eyed and hazy.
	Then his gargantuan pole in
	Her pink, tight, and swollen
Young cunt just about drove her crazy.


Anybody has a right to evade taxes if he can get away with it.  No citizen
has a moral obligation to assist in maintaining his government.
		-- J. P. Morgan


But this has taken us far afield from interface, which is not a bad
place to be, since I particularly want to move ahead to the kludge.
Why do people have so much trouble understanding the kludge?  What
is a kludge, after all, but not enough K's, not enough ROM's, not
enough RAM's, poor quality interface and too few bytes to go around?
Have I explained yet about the bytes?


Frankfort, Kentucky, makes it against the law to shoot off a
policeman's tie.


At the foot of the mountain, thunder:
The image of Providing Nourishment.
Thus the superior man is careful of his words
And temperate in eating and drinking.


Don't steal... the IRS hates competition!


Spock: The odds of surviving another
attack are 13562190123 to 1, Captain.


If he should ever change his faith,
it'll be because he no longer thinks he's God.


Electrical Engineers do it with less resistance.


Section 2.4.3.5   AWNS   (Acceptor Wait for New Cycle State).
	In AWNS the AH function indicates that it has received a
multiline message byte.
	In AWNS the RFD message must be sent false and the DAC message
must be sent passive true.
	The AH function must exit the AWNS and enter:
	(1)  The ANRS if DAV is false
	(2)  The AIDS if the ATN message is false and neither:
		(a)  The LADS is active
		(b)  Nor LACS is active

		-- from the IEEE Standard Digital Interface for
		   Programmable Instrumentation


System going down at 1:45 this afternoon for disk crashing.


Old King Cole
Was a merry old soul,
A merry old soul was he!
He called for his pipe,
And he called for his bowl,
And he fiddled with his call girls three!


No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.


