I have hardly ever known a mathematician who was capable of reasoning.
		-- Plato


The avocation of assessing the failures of better men can be turned
into a comfortable livelihood, providing you back it up with a Ph.D.
		-- Nelson Algren, "Writers at Work"


Conformity is the refuge of the unimaginative.


Remember -- only 10% of anything can be in the top 10%.


Why don't elephants eat penguins ?

Because they can't get the wrappers off ...


Bit off more than my mind could chew,
Shower or suicide, what do I do?
		-- Julie Brown, "Will I Make it Through the Eighties?"


These days the necessities of life cost you about three times what
they used to, and half the time they aren't even fit to drink.


I always wake up at the crack of ice.
		-- Joe E. Lewis


Don't shout for help at night.  You might wake your neighbors.
		-- Stanislaw J. Lec, "Unkempt Thoughts"


Having no talent is no longer enough.
		-- Gore Vidal


In this world of sin and sorrow there is always something to be
thankful for; as for me, I rejoice that I am not a Republican.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Ocean, n.:
	A body of water occupying about two-thirds of a world made for
man -- who has no gills.


Tequila my girl, is deceiving:
Take two at the very most.
Take three and you're under the table,
Take four and you're under the host.


Heavier than air flying machines are impossible.
		-- Lord Kelvin, President, Royal Society, c. 1895


An engineer is someone who does list processing in FORTRAN.


Put cats in the coffee and mice in the tea!


She blinded me with science!


After all, what is your hosts' purpose in having a party?  Surely not for
you to enjoy yourself; if that were their sole purpose, they'd have simply
sent champagne and women over to your place by taxi.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


Gentlemen,
	Whilst marching from Portugal to a position which commands the approach
to Madrid and the French forces, my officers have been diligently complying
with your requests which have been sent by H.M. ship from London to Lisbon and
thence by dispatch to our headquarters.
	We have enumerated our saddles, bridles, tents and tent poles, and all
manner of sundry items for which His Majesty's Government holds me accountable.
I have dispatched reports on the character, wit, and spleen of every officer.
Each item and every farthing has been accounted for, with two regrettable
exceptions for which I beg your indulgence.
	Unfortunately the sum of one shilling and ninepence remains unaccounted
for in one infantry battalion's petty cash and there has been a hideous
confusion as to the number of jars of raspberry jam issued to one cavalry
regiment during a sandstorm in western Spain.  This reprehensible carelessness
may be related to the pressure of circumstance, since we are war with France, a
fact which may come as a bit of a surprise to you gentlemen in Whitehall.
	This brings me to my present purpose, which is to request elucidation of
my instructions from His Majesty's Government so that I may better understand
why I am dragging an army over these barren plains.  I construe that perforce it
must be one of two alternative duties, as given below.  I shall pursue either
one with the best of my ability, but I cannot do both:
	1. To train an army of uniformed British clerks in Spain for the benefit
of the accountants and copy-boys in London or perchance:
	2. To see to it that the forces of Napoleon are driven out of Spain.
		-- Duke of Wellington, to the British Foreign Office,
		   London, 1812


Living on Earth may be expensive, but it
includes an annual free trip around the Sun.


She was only a moonshiner's daughter, but I love her still.


If all these sweet young things were laid end-to-end, I wouldn't be a
bit surprised.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Pee-wee Recommends:

When Pee-wee Herman was arrested that evening in Sarasota, Florida,
the bill at the XXX South Trail Cinema featured:

	+ Nurse Nancy, starring Sandra Scream
	+ Turn Up the Heat, starring Savannah
	+ Tiger Shark, starring Raven


I owe the public nothing.
		-- J. P. Morgan


The only thing that experience teaches us is that experience teaches
us nothing.
		-- Andre Maurois (Emile Herzog)


A distraught patient phoned her doctor's office.  "Was it true," the woman
inquired, "that the medication the doctor had prescribed was for the rest
of her life?"
	She was told that it was.  There was just a moment of silence before
the woman proceeded bravely on.  "Well, I'm wondering, then, how serious my
condition is.  This prescription is marked `NO REFILLS'".


Let's remind ourselves that last year's fresh idea is today's cliche.
		-- Austen Briggs


In the Spring, I have counted 136
different kinds of weather inside of 24 hours.
		-- Mark Twain, on New England weather


Some people carve careers, others chisel them.


American cars are made shoddily...
Cars made overseas are far superior.
		-- Barry Goldwater


Manual, n.:
	A unit of documentation.  There are always three or more on a given
	item.  One is on the shelf; someone has the others.  The information
	you need is in the others.
		-- Ray Simard


Secretary's Revenge:
	Filing almost everything under "the".


We must respect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to
the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his
children smart.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Minority Report"


Brooks' Law:
	Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later


When you meet a master swordsman,
show him your sword.
When you meet a man who is not a poet,
do not show him your poem.
		-- Rinzai, ninth century Zen master


McQuillan was on the stand. The case involved a railroad and several of
the passengers who were injured.
	"You say," thundered the counsel for the railroad, "that you saw
the two trains crash head on while doing sixty miles an hour.  What did you
think when you saw this happen?"
	"I thought," replied the Irishman, "this is one *helluva* way to run
a railroad."


After living in New York, you trust nobody,
but you believe everything.  Just in case.


Prediction is very difficult, especially of the future.
		-- Niels Bohr


Alcohol, hashish, prussic acid, strychnine are weak dilutions.
The surest poison is time.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Society and Solitude"


Don't tell me that worry doesn't do any good.
I know better. The things I worry about don't happen.
		-- Watchman Examiner


Sexual enlightenment is justified insofar as girls cannot learn too soon
how children do not come into the world.
		-- Karl Kraus


Have an adequate day.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(33) There will always be poor people.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


	One night the captain of a tanker saw a light dead ahead.  He
directed his signalman to flash a signal to the light which went...
	"Change course 10 degrees South."
	The reply was quickly flashed back...
	"You change course 10 degrees North."
	The captain was a little annoyed at this reply and sent a further
message.....
	"I am a captain.  Change course 10 degrees South."
	Back came the reply...
	"I am an able-seaman.  Change course 10 degrees North."
	The captain was outraged at this reply and send a message....
"I am a 240,000 tonne tanker.  CHANGE course 10 degrees South!"
	Back came the reply...
	"I am a LIGHTHOUSE.  Change course 10 degrees North!!!!"
		-- Cruising Helmsman, "On The Right Course"


Microwaves frizz your heir.


Yesterday upon the stair
I met a man who wasn't there.
He wasn't there again today --
I think he's from the CIA.


CONFIRMED BACHELOR:
	A man who goes through life without a hitch.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #10

CARTABLANCA:
	Bogart stars as the owner of a North African nightclub that sells
	only Mexican beer.  Of course, this policy gets him into no end of
	trouble with the local French authorities who would really prefer
	wine and the occupying Germans who believe that only their beer is
	fit to be sold.  Wacky events ensue until the gripping climax in
	which the much-hated German beer distributor is drowned in a vat.


Philadelphia is not dull -- it just seems so because it is next to
exciting Camden, New Jersey.


Look out!  Behind you!


If they think you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical,
go crude.  I'm a very technical boy.  So I get as crude as possible.  These
days, though, you have to be pretty technical before you can even aspire
to crudeness...
		-- Johnny Mnemonic


A rolling stone gathers no moss.
		-- Publilius Syrus


Do not meddle in the affairs of troff, for it is subtle and quick to anger.


Charity, n.:
	A thing that begins at home and usually stays there.


He who knows others is wise.
He who knows himself is enlightened.
		-- Lao Tsu


Q:	How did the regular expression cross the road?
A:	^.*$


I am two fools, I know, for loving, and for saying so.
		-- John Donne


Football is a game designed to keep coal miners off the streets.
		-- Jimmy Breslin


The street preacher looked so baffled
When I asked him why he dressed
With forty pounds of headlines
Stapled to his chest.
But he cursed me when I proved to him
I said, "Not even you can hide.
You see, you're just like me.
I hope you're satisfied."
		-- Bob Dylan


Never buy from a rich salesman.
		-- Goldenstern


As the Catholic church becomes more and more tolerant, some day they will
have to consider the possibility of a gay pope.  Possibly the largest
issue will be having to decide whether he is "absolutely divine" or "just
simply marvelous."


Include me out.


Anyone who describes Islam as a religion as intolerant encourages violence.
		-- Tasnim Aslam, Spokesman for Pakistani Foreign Ministry


A complex system that works is invariably
found to have evolved from a simple system that works.


	"Verily and forsooth," replied Goodgulf darkly.  "In the past year
strange and fearful wonders I have seen.  Fields sown with barley reap
crabgrass and fungus, and even small gardens reject their artichoke hearts.
There has been a hot day in December and a blue moon.  Calendars are made with
a month of Sundays and a blue-ribbon Holstein bore alive two insurance
salesmen.  The earth splits and the entrails of a goat were found tied in
square knots.  The face of the sun blackens and the skies have rained down
soggy potato chips."
	"But what do all these things mean?" gasped Frito.
	"Beats me," said Goodgulf with a shrug,
"but I thought it made good copy."
		-- Harvard Lampoon, "Bored of the Rings"


On Brassieres:
	Russian:	Uplifts the masses.
	Salvation Army:	Raises the fallen.
	American:	Makes mountains out of molehills.


Proof techniques #2: Proof by Oddity.
	SAMPLE: To prove that horses have an infinite number of legs.
(1) Horses have an even number of legs.
(2) They have two legs in back and fore legs in front.
(3) This makes a total of six legs, which certainly is an odd number of
    legs for a horse.
(4) But the only number that is both odd and even is infinity.
(5) Therefore, horses must have an infinite number of legs.

Topics to be covered in future issues include proof by:
	Intimidation
	Gesticulation (handwaving)
	"Try it; it works"
	Constipation (I was just sitting there and ...)
	Blatant assertion
	Changing all the 2's to _n's
	Mutual consent
	Lack of a counterexample, and
	"It stands to reason"


You ask what a nice girl will do?
She won't give an inch, but she won't say no.
		-- Marcus Valerius Martialis


Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood.
		-- Daniel Hudson Burnham


It is said that the lonely eagle flies to the mountain peaks while the
lowly ant crawls the ground, but cannot the soul of the ant soar as
high as the eagle?


		What I Did During My Fall Semester
On the first day of my fall semester, I got up.
Then I went to the library to find a thesis topic.
Then I hung out in front of the Dover.

On the second day of my fall semester, I got up.
Then I went to the library to find a thesis topic.
Then I hung out in front of the Dover.

On the third day of my fall semester, I got up.
Then I went to the library to find a thesis topic.
I found a thesis topic:
	How to keep people from hanging out in front of the Dover.
		-- Sister Mary Elephant,
		   "Student Statement for Black Friday"


General notions are generally wrong.
		-- Lady M. W. Montagu


I call it the "Madman Theory".  I want the North Vietnamese to believe that
I've reached the point where I might do *anything* to stop the war.  We'll
just slip the word to them that "For God's sake, you know, Nixon is obsessed
about Communism.  We can't restrain him when he's angry -- and he has his
hand on the nuclear button."
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Did you hear about the model who sat
on a broken bottle and cut a nice figure?


The star of riches is shining upon you.


Jack and Jill went up the hill
Each had a buck and a quarter.
Jill came down with two-fifty
That fuckin' whore.
		-- Andrew "Dice" Clay


If you don't do the things that are not worth doing, who will?


Being in the army is like being in the Boy Scouts, except that the
Boy Scouts have adult supervision.
		-- Blake Clark


When arguments fail, use a blackjack.
		-- Edward "Spike" O'Donnell, Al Capone associate


About the only thing we have left that actually
discriminates in favor of the plain people is the stork.


If only you knew she loved you, you could
face the uncertainty of whether you love her.


There are bad times just around the corner,
There are dark clouds hurtling through the sky
And it's no good whining
About a silver lining
For we know from experience that they won't roll by...
		-- Noel Coward


Odets, where is thy sting?
		-- George S. Kaufman


Comedy, like Medicine, was never meant to be practiced by the general public.


I woke up this morning and discovered that everything in my apartment
had been stolen and replaced with an exact replica.  I told my roommate,
"Isn't this amazing?  Everything in the apartment has been stolen and
replaced with an exact replica."  He said, "Do I know you?"
		-- Steven Wright


SWEATER:
	A garment worn by a child when their mother feels chilly.


GOD:
	Darwin's chief rival.


Why attack God?  He may be as miserable as we are.
		-- Erik Satie


Once, I read that a man be never stronger
than when he truly realizes how weak he is.
		-- Jim Starlin, "Captain Marvel #31"


Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
		-- Carl Sagan


The scene: in a vast, painted desert, a cowboy faces his horse.

Cowboy: "Well, you've been a pretty good hoss, I guess.  Hardworkin'.
Not the fastest critter I ever come acrost, but..."

Horse:  "No, stupid, not feed*back*.  I said I wanted a feed*bag*.


Your love life will be... interesting.


New book out from Gary Hart; "Six Inches from the White House".


	THE TEN STAGES OF INTOXICATION

 1. WITTY AND CHARMING:  This is after one or two drinks.  The tongue is
	loosened and can yet remain in step with the brain.  In the "witty
	and charming" state, one is likely to use foreign idioms and
	phrases such as "au contraire" in place of "No way, Jose" or
	"Bullsheyet".
 2. RICH AND POWERFUL:  By the third drink, you begin mentioning the little
	380 SL you've had your eye on down at the Mercedes place.
 3. BENEVOLENT:  You'll buy her a Mercedes, too.  It's only money.
 4. JUST ONE MORE AND THEN WE'LL EAT:  Stall tactic.
 5. TO HELL WITH DINNER:  Just one more and then we'll eat.
 6. PATRIOTIC:  The war stories begin.
 7. CRANK UP THE "ENOLA GAY":  "We could have won in Nam, but..."
 8. INVISIBLE:  So this is what the Ladies' Room looks like.
 9. WITTY AND CHARMING PART II:  You know, you don't sweat much for a fat girl.
10. BULLETPROOF:  Bull-sheyet, gimme them keys, I can drive.
		-- Lewis Grizzard, "My Daddy Was a Pistol and I'm a Son
		   of a Gun".


Conscience is defined as the thing that hurts
when everything else feels great.


There's only one everything.


The so-called "desktop metaphor" of today's workstations is instead an
"airplane-seat" metaphor.  Anyone who has shuffled a lap full of papers
while seated between two portly passengers will recognize the difference --
one can see only a very few things at once.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr.


Q:	What's the difference between George Washington, Richard Nixon
	and Ronald Reagan?
A:	One always told the truth, one always lied, and one can't tell the
	difference.


One cannot make an omelette without breaking eggs -- but it is amazing
how many eggs one can break without making a decent omelette.
		-- Professor Charles P. Issawi


Experience is not what happens to you;
it is what you do with what happens to you.
		-- Aldous Huxley


A language that doesn't affect the way you
think about programming is not worth knowing.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


"I have credit with this madam who runs a string of super callgirls,"
the executive reminisced at his club bar, "but when I got the bill for
the great head session one of them pleasured me with, I must say that
it was enough to make a blown man cry."


Gaiety is the most outstanding feature of the Soviet Union.
		-- Joseph Stalin


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #6

RAZORBACK:			Paul Harbride, 1984, 2 hours 25 min.
	One of the great Australian films of the early 1980's,
	and arguably the best movie ever made about a large,
	man-eating hog.  Some violence.  With Gregory Harrison.


Real Users are afraid they'll break the machine -- but they're never
afraid to break your face.


Bill and Jim were walking home from work.  As they walked along, they
discussed their wives' spending habits.  "I don't understand how women
can spend so much money," Bill exclaimed.  "I mean, understand, she
don't drink, and she's got her own pussy!"


GLEE CLUB GROUPIE:
	A girl into choral sex.


Until Eve arrived, this was a man's world.
		-- Richard Armour


Football is a game designed to keep coal miners off the streets.
		-- Jimmy Breslin


Lee's Law:
	Mother said there would be days like this,
	but she never said that there'd be so many!


****  GROWTH CENTER REPAIR SERVICE

For those who have had too much of Esalen, Topanga, and Kairos.
Tired of being genuine all the time?  Would you like to learn how
to be a little phony again?  Have you disclosed so much that you're
beginning to avoid people?  Have you touched so many people that
they're all beginning to feel the same?  Like to be a little dependent?
Are perfect orgasms beginning to bore you?  Would you like, for once,
not to express a feeling?  Or better yet, not be in touch with it at
all?  Come to us.  We promise to relieve you of the burden of your
great potential.


But don't you worry, its for a cause -- feeding global corporations
paws.


"I do love a lay every day,
So whenever you're coming this way
	Just phone in advance
	And I'll jerk off my pants,
And we're set for a sexy soiree!"


Let your conscience be your guide.
		-- Pope


Q:	How do you make an elephant float?
A:	You get two scoops of elephant and some root beer...


Patience is a minor form of despair, disguised as virtue.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, on qualifiers


Musing on her present and past professions as "dominant/sadomasochism
fantasy fulfiller" and dental hygienist, Sybil said, "I couldn't really
understand why I wanted to be a dental hygienist, but years later, after
being in the SM world a long time, I figured it out:  I'm in uniform,
they're not.  I'm standing up, they're lying down.  I'm doing painful
things to them for their own good.  This is so ME."
		-- The Daily Cal, September 29, 1992 In an article titled:
		   "Kinky sex remains alive and whipping despite threat
		    of AIDS, book reveals"


There is no time like the pleasant.


	"I'm looking for adventure, excitement, beautiful women," cried the
young man to his father as he prepared to leave home.  "Don't try to stop me.
I'm on my way."
	"Who's trying to stop you?" shouted the father.  "Take me along!"


Anarchy may not be the best form of government, but it's better than no
government at all.


Limericks are art forms complex,
Their topics run chiefly to sex.
	They usually have virgins,
	And masculine urgin's,
And other erotic effects.


Isn't air travel wonderful?
Breakfast in London, dinner in New York, luggage in Brazil.


USENET is like a herd of performing elephants with diarrhea --
massive, difficult to redirect, awe-inspiring, entertaining, and
a source of mind-boggling amounts of excrement when you least
expect it.
		-- Gene Spafford


It's midnight.  The old man is awake, nervously pacing the floor, as his
20-year-old son comes in.

	"Whatta you mean?  You staya out alla night, you runna around widda
bums.  Whatta you trying to do?"
	"Papa, don't talk like that," replies the boy.
	"Who-a you, tella me notta talka like that?  You no work, you
chase-a bad women, whatta become of you?"
	"Papa, *please* don't talk like that."
	"Don'ta talka like that?  Whatta you mean?  Why shouldn't I talka
likka that?"
	"Papa, we're not Italian."


Good evening Ladies and Gentlemen!
Here's a little number I tossed up in the Caribbean recently...

Isn't it awfully nice to have a Penis,
isn't it frightfully good to have a Dong.

It's swell to have a Stiffy,
it's divine to have a Dick,
from the tinyest little Tadger,
to the world's greatest Prick.

So, breeches for your Willy or John-Thomas,
Hooray! for your One Eyed Trouser's Snake.

Your Piece of Pork, your Wife's best friend,
your Porky or your Cock,
you can wrap it up in ribbons,
you can stick it in your sock!

But, don't take it out in public,
or they will stick you in the dock,
and you won't come back.
		-- Monty Python, "The Meaning of Life"


When I hear a man applauded by the mob I always feel a pang of pity
for him.  All he has to do to be hissed is to live long enough.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Minority Report"


If you would know the value of money, go try to borrow some.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


What's the ugliest part of your body?
What's the ugliest part of your body?
Some say your nose,
Some say your toes,
But I think it's your mind.
		-- Frank Zappa, 1965


LISP:
	To call a spade a thpade.


The mosquito is the state bird of New Jersey.
		-- Andy Warhol


There is no TRUTH.  There is no REALITY.  There is no CONSISTENCY.
There are no ABSOLUTE STATEMENTS.  I'm very probably wrong.


Man's unique agony as a species consists in his perpetual
conflict between the desire to stand out and the need to blend in.
		-- Sydney J. Harris


QOTD:
	"I met her [his fiance] over lunch on Thursday.  She had a firm
	grip.  He's a lucky man."


	WARNING TO ALL PERSONNEL:

Firings will continue until morale improves.


Q:	Why did Captain Kirk piss on the bridge?
A:	He wanted to boldly go where no man had gone before!


Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for you are crunchy and good
with ketchup.


Don't see 'em this big out here, do they?
		-- Lyndon B. Johnson, exposing himself to reporters
		   in a public toilet during a tour of the Far East


One man's "magic" is another man's engineering.
"Supernatural" is a null word.


Producers seem to be so prejudiced against actors who've had no training.
And there's no reason for it.  So what if I didn't attend the Royal Academy
for twelve years?  I'm still a professional trying to be the best actress
I can.  Why doesn't anyone send me the scripts that Faye Dunaway gets?
		-- Farrah Fawcett-Majors


TRUST ME:
	Translation of the Latin "caveat emptor."


I just got off the phone with Sonny Barger [President of the Hell's Angels].
He wants me to appear as a character witness for him at his murder trial
and said he'd be glad to appear as a character witness on my behalf if I
ever needed one.  Needless to say, I readily agreed.
		-- Thomas King Forcade, publisher of "High Times"


You are magnetic in your bearing.


Every now and then when your life gets complicated and the weasels start
closing in, the only cure is to load up on heinous chemicals and then drive
like a bastard from Hollywood to Las Vegas ... with the music at top volume
and at least a pint of ether.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas"


Legalize free-enterprise murder: why should governments have all the
fun?


Human cardiac catheterization was introduced by Werner Forssman in 1929.
Ignoring his department chief, and tying his assistant to an operating
table to prevent her interference, he placed a urethral catheter into
a vein in his arm, advanced it to the right atrium [of his heart], and
walked upstairs to the x-ray department where he took the confirmatory
x-ray film.  In 1956, Dr. Forssman was awarded the Nobel Prize.


