Long ago I proposed that unsuccessful candidates for the Presidency
be quietly hanged, as a matter of public sanitation and decorum.
The sight of their grief must have a very evil effect upon the young.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "A Carnival of Buncombe"


I have sacrificed time, health, and fortune, in the desire to complete these
Calculating Engines.  I have also declined several offers of great personal
advantage to myself.  But, notwithstanding the sacrifice of these advantages
for the purpose of maturing an engine of almost intellectual power, and
after expending from my own private fortune a larger sum than the government
of England has spent on that machine, the execution of which it only
commenced, I have received neither an acknowledgment of my labors, nor even
the offer of those honors or rewards which are allowed to fall within the
reach of men who devote themselves to purely scientific investigations...
	If the work upon which I have bestowed so much time and thought were
a mere triumph over mechanical difficulties, or simply curious, or if the
execution of such engines were of doubtful practicability or utility, some
justification might be found for the course which has been taken; but I
venture to assert that no mathematician who has a reputation to lose will
ever publicly express an opinion that such a machine would be useless if
made, and that no man distinguished as a civil engineer will venture to
declare the construction of such machinery impracticable...
	And at a period when the progress of physical science is obstructed
by that exhausting intellectual and manual labor, indispensable for its
advancement, which it is the object of the Analytical Engine to relieve, I
think the application of machinery in aid of the most complicated and abstruse
calculations can no longer be deemed unworthy of the attention of the country.
In fact, there is no reason why mental as well as bodily labor should not
be economized by the aid of machinery.
		-- Charles Babbage, "The Life of a Philosopher"


If you wish women to love you, be original; I know a man who wore fur
boots summer and winter, and women fell in love with him.
		-- Anton Chekov


The Ruffed Pandanga of Borneo and Rotherham spreads out his feathers in
his courtship dance and imitates Winston Churchill and Tommy Cooper on
one leg.  The padanga is dying out because the female padanga doesn't
take it too seriously.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


The dangerous Lego Bomb, which targets shag rugs and scatters pieces of
plastic that hurt like hell when you step on them is banned entirely....
Hiring David Copperfield to pretend to saw the missiles in half will not
be permitted...  In order to reduce risk of accidental war, both sides
agree to ban the popular but dangerous "Simon Says" training drill at
nuclear launch sites...  Under no circumstances will either side reveal
that it hammered out the treaty in one afternoon, but spent the last nine
years arguing the Monty Hall and the three doors problem.
		-- Little known provisions of the START treaty by James Lileks


Two wrongs are only the beginning.
		-- Kohn


Imagine if every Thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them the
usual way.  This happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody
thinks of complaining.
		-- Jeff Raskin, interviewed in Doctor Dobb's Journal


Politics is like coaching a football team.  You have to be smart
enough to understand the game but not smart enough to lose interest.


The more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war.


FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #15

A:	The Royal Canadian Mounted Police.
Q:	What was the greatest achievement in taxidermy?


[From an announcement of a congress of the International Ontopsychology
Association, in Rome]:

The Ontopsychological school, availing itself of new research criteria
and of a new telematic epistemology, maintains that social modes do not
spring from dialectics of territory or of class, or of consumer goods,
or of means of power, but rather from dynamic latencies capillarized in
millions of individuals in system functions which, once they have
reached the event maturation, burst forth in catastrophic phenomenology
engaging a suitable stereotype protagonist or duty marionette (general,
president, political party, etc.) to consummate the act of social
schizophrenia in mass genocide.


>>> Internal error in fortune program:
>>>	fnum=2987  n=45  flag=1  goose_level=-232323
>>> Please write down these values and notify fortune program administrator.


Old MacDonald had an agricultural real estate tax abatement.


Is there life before breakfast?


When you go out to buy, don't show your silver.


Laugh when you can; cry when you must.


Reality is just a convenient measure of complexity.
		-- Alvy Ray Smith


He who walks on burning coals is sure to get burned.
		-- Sinbad


If a thing's worth doing, it is worth doing badly.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


QOTD:
	"My life is a soap opera, but who gets the movie rights?"


One of the airlines recently introduced a special half-fare rate for wives
accompanying their husbands on business trips.  Anticipating some valuable
testimonials, the publicity department of the airline sent out letters to
all the wives of businessmen who used the special rates, asking how they
enjoyed their trip.  Responses are still pouring in asking,
	"What trip?"


HIGH TECHNOLOGY:
	A California innovation composed
	of equal parts of silicon and marijuana.


Can't act.  Slightly bald.  Also dances.
		-- RKO executive, reacting to Fred Astaire's screen test
		   Cerf/Navasky, "The Experts Speak"


Paranoia doesn't mean the whole world isn't out to get you.


Have you heard of the lady named Cox
Who had a capacious old box?
	When her lover was in place
	She said, "Please turn your face.
I look like a gal, but I screw like a fox."


Caution: Keep out of reach of children.


#define BITCOUNT(x)	(((BX_(x)+(BX_(x)>>4)) & 0x0F0F0F0F) % 255)
#define BX_(x)		((x) - (((x)>>1)&0x77777777)			\
			     - (((x)>>2)&0x33333333)			\
			     - (((x)>>3)&0x11111111))

		-- really weird C code to count the number of bits in a word


Remember, no matter where you go, there you are.
		-- Buckaroo Banzai (Peter Weller)
		   "The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai
		   Across The Eighth Dimension"


To be is to be related.
		-- C. J. Keyser


Algebraic symbols are used when you do not know what you are talking about.
		-- Philippe Schnoebelen


It is easier to make a saint out of a libertine than out of a prig.
		-- George Santayana


When I sell liquor, it's called bootlegging; when my patrons serve
it on silver trays on Lake Shore Drive, it's called hospitality.
		-- Al Capone


Make sure your code does nothing gracefully.


Removing the straw that broke the camel's back
does not necessarily allow the camel to walk again.


And on the seventh day, He exited from append mode.


I believe in getting into hot water; it keeps you clean.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


There once was a king who ruled his country long, wisely, and well.  The
king had a son whom he hoped would someday rule the land.  He also wished
in his heart that the son would be wise and compassionate.  One day he said
to the prince:
	"If you promised that you would give a certain woman anything, even
half of your kingdom, and then she demanded the life of your best friend,
what would your decision be, my son?"
	The young prince thought for a moment and then said, "I would tell
her that she was my best friend, and then cut off her head."
	The king knew that his son would be a great king.


You can't say civilization don't advance... in every war they kill you a
new way.
		-- Will Rogers


The worst sin towards our fellow creatures is not to hate them,
but to be indifferent to them; that's the essence of inhumanity.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


If men couldn't fuck there'd be a bounty on their heads.


	In the beginning there was only one kind of Mathematician, created by
the Great Mathematical Spirit form the Book: the Topologist.  And they grew to
large numbers and prospered.
	One day they looked up in the heavens and desired to reach up as far
as the eye could see.  So they set out in building a Mathematical edifice that
was to reach up as far as "up" went.  Further and further up they went ...
until one night the edifice collapsed under the weight of paradox.
	The following morning saw only rubble where there once was a huge
structure reaching to the heavens.  One by one, the Mathematicians climbed
out from under the rubble.  It was a miracle that nobody was killed; but when
they began to speak to one another, SURPRISE of all surprises! they could not
understand each other.  They all spoke different languages.  They all fought
amongst themselves and each went about their own way.  To this day the
Topologists remain the original Mathematicians.
		-- The Story of Babel


We are going to give a little something, a few little years more, to
socialism, because socialism is defunct.  It dies all by itself.  The bad
thing is that socialism, being a victim of its ... Did I say socialism?
		-- Fidel Castro


Majorities, of course, start with minorities.
		-- Robert Moses


The Worst Musical Trio
	There are few bad musicians who have a chance to give a recital at
a famous concert hall while still learning the rudiments of their
instrument.  This happened about thirty years ago to the son of a Rumanian
gentleman who was owed a personal favour by Georges Enesco, the celebrated
violinist.  Enesco agreed to give lessons to the son who was quite
unhampered by great musical talent.
	Three years later the boy's father insisted that he give a public
concert.  "His aunt said that nobody plays the violin better than he does.
A cousin heard him the other day and screamed with enthusiasm."  Although
Enesco feared the consequences, he arranged a recital at the Salle Gaveau
in Paris.  However, nobody bought a ticket since the soloist was unknown.
	"Then you must accompany him on the piano," said the boy's father,
"and it will be a sell out."
	Reluctantly, Enesco agreed and it was.  On the night an excited
audience gathered.  Before the concert began Enesco became nervous and
asked for someone to turn his pages.
	In the audience was Alfred Cortot, the brilliant pianist, who
volunteered and made his way to the stage.
	The soloist was of uniformly low standard and next morning the
music critic of Le Figaro wrote: "There was a strange concert at the Salle
Gaveau last night.  The man whom we adore when he plays the violin played
the piano.  Another whom we adore when he plays the piano turned the pages.
But the man who should have turned the pages played the violin."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


VMS is like a nightmare about RSX-11M.


ROMEO: Courage, man; the hurt cannot be much.
MERCUTIO: No, 'tis not so deep as a well, nor so wide as a church-
	door; but 'tis enough, 'twill serve.


You can't cross a large chasm in two small jumps.


Lions in the street and roaming,
Dogs in heat, rabid, foaming,
A beast caged in the heart of the city.
The body of his mother lying in the summer ground,
He fled the town.
Went down south across the border,
Left the chaos and disorder
Back there, over his shoulder.
One morning he awoke in a green hotel,
A strange creature groaning beside him.
Sweat oozed from its shiny skin.
Is everybody in?  The ceremony is about to begin.
		-- Jim Morrison, "Celebration of the Lizard"


Once a woman has given you her heart you
can never get rid of the rest of her.
		-- Vanbrugh


Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.


Q:	How many Harvard MBAs does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	Just one.  He grasps it firmly and the universe revolves around him.


The sergeant walked into the shower and caught me giving myself a
dishonorable discharge.  Without missing a beat, I said, "It's my dick
and I can wash it as fast as I want!"


I guess the Little League is even littler than we thought.
		-- D. Cavett


It's a .88 magnum -- it goes through schools.
		-- Danny Vermin


Her days were spent in a kind of slow bustle; always busy without
getting on, always behind hand and lamenting it, without altering
her ways; wishing to be an economist, without contrivance or
regularity; dissatisfied with her servants, without skill to make
them better, and whether helping, or reprimanding, or indulging
them, without any power of engaging their respect.
		-- J. Austen


Desperate because her husband hadn't made love to her in months, a lonely
housewife finally mustered her courage and went to their doctor for advice.
The doctor was very sympathetic and wrote out a prescription for pills that
were guaranteed to rekindle the husband's ardor in a big way.  "They'll make
him horny as hell," the doctor confided, "but they're very potent, so just
put one in whatever he's drinking."
	Upon arriving home, the woman left the pills on the kitchen counter
and dashed off to the supermarket.  It didn't take long before the cat jumped
up, knocked them over onto the floor, and ate a couple, as did the family
dog.  And when the husband got home with a headache, he took a few thinking
they were aspirin.
	When the housewife returned, she was horrified to see the dog humping
the cat and the cat jumping all over the dog, but even stranger was the sight
of her husband with his penis inside the pencil sharpener on the counter.
"What in heaven's name are you doing, John?" she cried.
	"See that mosquito?" he replied.


ADA:
	Something you need only know the name of to be an Expert in
	Computing.  Useful in sentences like, "We had better develop
	an ADA awareness.
		-- "Datamation", January 15, 1984


If you stick your head in the sand,
one thing is for sure, you're gonna get your rear kicked.


Mirrors should reflect a little before throwing back images.
		-- Jean Cocteau


Houston, Tranquillity Base here.  The Eagle has landed.
		-- Neil Armstrong


Q:	What do you get when you cross a rooster with a telephone pole?
A:	A thirty foot cock that wants to reach out and touch someone!


Don't look now, but your mother is having sex with a horse.


And the French medical anatomist Etienne Serres really did argue that
black males are primitive because the distance between their navel and
penis remains small (relative to body height) throughout life, while
white children begin with a small separation but increase it during
growth -- the rising belly button as a mark of progress.
		-- S. J. Gould, "Racism and Recapitulation"


Would you care to view the ruins of my good intentions?


Bolub's Fourth Law of Computerdom:
	Project teams detest weekly progress reporting because it so
	vividly manifests their lack of progress.


Monterey... is decidedly the pleasantest and most civilized-looking place
in California ... [it] is also a great place for cock-fighting, gambling
of all sorts, fandangos, and various kinds of amusements and knavery.
		-- Richard Henry Dama, "Two Years Before the Mast", 1840


Never settle with words what you can accomplish with a flame thrower.


My weight is perfect for my height -- which varies.


...the most exquisitely squalid hells known to middle-class man:
freshman English at a Midwestern university.
		-- Tom Wolfe


When alerted to an intrusion by tinkling glass or otherwise, 1) Calm
yourself 2) Identify the intruder 3) If hostile, kill him.

Step number 3 is of particular importance.  If you leave the guy alive
out of misguided softheartedness, he will repay your generosity of spirit
by suing you for causing his subsequent paraplegia and seek to force you
to support him for the rest of his rotten life.  In court he will plead
that he was depressed because society had failed him, and that he was
looking for Mother Teresa for comfort and to offer his services to the
poor.  In that lawsuit, you will lose.  If, on the other hand, you kill
him, the most that you can expect is that a relative will bring a wrongful
death action. You will have two advantages: first, there be only your
story; forget Mother Teresa.  Second, even if you lose, how much could
the bum's life be worth anyway?  A lot less than 50 years worth of
paralysis.  Don't play George Bush and Saddam Hussein.  Finish the job.
		-- G. Gordon Liddy's Forbes column on personal security


I'm very old-fashioned.  I believe that people should marry for life,
like pigeons and Catholics.
		-- Woody Allen


No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
		-- Eleanor Roosevelt


No one can have a higher opinion of him than I have, and I think he's a
dirty little beast.
		-- W. S. Gilbert


One Bell System - it sometimes works.


The Great Bald Swamp Hedgehog:
	The Great Bald Swamp Hedgehog of Billericay displays, in
courtship, his single prickle and does impressions of Holiday Inn desk
clerks.  Since this means him standing motionless for enormous periods
of time he is often eaten in full display by The Great Bald Swamp
Hedgehog Eater.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


To those accustomed to the precise, structured methods of conventional
system development, exploratory development techniques may seem messy,
inelegant, and unsatisfying.  But it's a question of congruence:
precision and flexibility may be just as disfunctional in novel,
uncertain situations as sloppiness and vacillation are in familiar,
well-defined ones.  Those who admire the massive, rigid bone structures
of dinosaurs should remember that jellyfish still enjoy their very
secure ecological niche.
		-- Beau Sheil, "Power Tools for Programmers"


Measure twice, cut once.


	The FIELD GUIDE to NORTH AMERICAN MALES

SPECIES:	Cranial Males
SUBSPECIES:	The Hacker (homo computatis)
Courtship & Mating:
	Due to extreme deprivation, HOMO COMPUTATIS maintains a near perpetual
	state of sexual readiness.  Courtship behavior alternates between
	awkward shyness and abrupt advances.  When he finally mates, he
	chooses a female engineer with an unblinking stare, a tight mouth, and
	a complete collection of Campbell's soup-can recipes.
Track:
	Trash cans full of pale green and white perforated paper and old
	copies of the Allen-Bradley catalog.
Comments:
	Extremely fond of bad puns and jokes that need long explanations.


Don't talk to me about naval tradition.  It's nothing but rum,
sodomy and the lash.
		-- Winston Churchill


You shouldn't have to pay for your love with your bones and your flesh.
		-- Pat Benatar, "Hell is for Children"


You are deeply attached to your friends and acquaintances.


Ask your boss to reconsider --
It's so difficult to take "Go to hell" for an answer.


One man's Mede is another man's Persian.
		-- George M. Cohan


Force it!!!
If it breaks, well, it wasn't working anyway...
No, don't force it, get a bigger hammer.


Patience is the best remedy for every trouble.
		-- Titus Maccius Plautus


Hear about...
	the doctor that prescribed sex for insomnia?  His patients didn't
	get any more sleep, but they had more fun staying awake.


Murder is always a mistake -- one should never do anything one cannot
talk about after dinner.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Picture of Dorian Gray"


To be considered successful, a woman must be much better at her job
than a man would have to be.  Fortunately, this isn't difficult.


	There was once a programmer who was attached to the court of the
warlord of Wu.  The warlord asked the programmer: "Which is easier to design:
an accounting package or an operating system?"
	"An operating system," replied the programmer.
	The warlord uttered an exclamation of disbelief.  "Surely an
accounting package is trivial next to the complexity of an operating
system," he said.
	"Not so," said the programmer, "when designing an accounting package,
the programmer operates as a mediator between people having different ideas:
how it must operate, how its reports must appear, and how it must conform to
tax laws.  By contrast, an operating system is not limited by outward
appearances.  When designing an operating system, the programmer seeks the
simplest harmony between machine and ideas.  This is why an operating system
is easier to design."
	The warlord of Wu nodded and smiled.  "That is all good and well,"
he said, "but which is easier to debug?"
	The programmer made no reply.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Oral sex, n.:
	The taste of things to come.


The big cities of America are becoming Third World countries.
		-- Nora Ephron


Why don't somebody print the truth about our present economic condition?
We spent years of wild buying on credit, everything under the sun, whether
we needed it or not, and now we are having to pay for it, howling like a
pet coon.  This would be a great world to dance in if we didn't have to
pay the fiddler.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


Monday is an awful way to spend one seventh of your life.


Money cannot buy love, nor even friendship.


APL is a mistake, carried through to perfection.  It is the language of the
future for the programming techniques of the past: it creates a new generation
of coding bums.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


A continuing flow of paper is sufficient to continue the flow of paper.
		-- Dyer


Fain would I climb, yet fear I to fall.
		-- Sir Walter Raleigh


You have Egyptian flu: you're going to be a mummy.


Turn the other cheek.
		-- Jesus Christ


"Carefully study these two enlarged photographs on display, Mr. Rafferty,"
the attorney for a politician suing a newspaper for libel instructed his
client on the witness stand, "and indicate which is your ass and which is
a hole in the ground."


One Saturday afternoon, during the campaign to decide whether or not there
should be a Coastal Commission, I took a helicopter ride from Los Angeles
to San Diego.  We passed several state beaches, some crowded and some
virtually empty.  They had the same facilities, and in some cases the crowded
and the empty beach were within a quarter mile of each other.  Obviously
many beach-goers prefer to be crowded together. Buying more beaches that
people won't go to because they prefer to be crowded together on one beach
is a ridiculous waste of our natural resources and our taxes.
		-- Ronald Reagan


It's not reality or how you perceive things that's important -- it's
what you're taking for it...


Man has never reconciled himself to the ten commandments.


I'm going to Vietnam at the request of the White House.  President Johnson
says a war isn't really a war without my jokes.
		-- Bob Hope


Q:	What's the difference between Bell Labs and the Boy Scouts of America?
A:	The Boy Scouts have adult supervision.


Clovis' Consideration of an Atmospheric Anomaly:
	The perversity of nature is nowhere better demonstrated
	than by the fact that, when exposed to the same atmosphere,
	bread becomes hard while crackers become soft.


Be different: conform.


	A woman was married to a golfer.  One day she asked, "If I were
to die, would you remarry?"
	After some thought, the man replied, "Yes, I've been very happy in
this marriage and I would want to be this happy again."
	The wife asked, "Would you give your new wife my car?"
	"Yes," he replied.  "That's a good car and it runs well."
	"Well, would you live in this house?"
	"Yes, it is a lovely house and you have decorated it beautifully.
I've always loved it here."
	"Well, would you give her my golf clubs?"
	"No."
	"Why not?"
	"She's left handed."


		`O' LEVEL COUNTER CULTURE
Timewarp allowed: 3 hours.  Do not scrawl situationalist graffiti in the
margins or stub your rollups in the inkwells.  Orange may be worn.  Credit
will be given to candidates who self-actualize.

	1: Compare and contrast Pink Floyd with Black Sabbath and say why
neither has street credibility.
	2: "Even Buddha would have been hard pushed to reach Nirvana squatting
on a juggernaut route."  Consider the dialectic of inner truth and inner
city.
	3: Discuss degree of hassle involved in paranoia about being sucked
into a black hole.
	4: "The Egomaniac's Liberation Front were a bunch of revisionist
ripoff merchants."  Comment on this insult.
	5: Account for the lack of references to brown rice in Dylan's lyrics.
	6: "Castenada was a bit of a bozo."  How far is this a fair summing
up of western dualism?
	7: Hermann Hesse was a Pisces.  Discuss.


Old programmers never die, they just hit account block limit.


If there is no wind, row.
		-- Polish proverb


Chicago law prohibits eating in a place that is on fire.


In regards to Oral Roberts' claim that God told him that he would die unless
he received $20 million by March, God's lawyers have stated that their client
has not spoken with Roberts for several years.  Off the record, God has stated
that "If I had wanted to ice the little toad, I would have done it a long time
ago."
		-- Dennis Miller, SNL News


You're not an alcoholic unless you go to the meetings.


Dianetics is a milestone for man comparable to his discovery of
fire and superior to his invention of the wheel and the arch.
		-- L. Ron Hubbard


Because I do,
Because I do not hope,
Because I do not hope to survive
Injustice from the Palace, death from the air,
Because I do, only do,
I continue...
		-- T. S. Pynchon


Lost interest?  It's so bad I've lost apathy.


We could do that, but it would be wrong, that's for sure.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


	Many lower life forms demonstrate qualities that, at first, just don't
seem survival oriented.  For instance, the female praying mantis, after mating
with, well, her mate, will devour him.  For the male praying mantis, however,
it's a catch-22.  If he mates, he gets screwed out of an opportunity to mate
again.  If he doesn't mate, he doesn't reproduce, ending his family tree.  This
suicidal behavior is commonly called the Preying Mantis Syndrome -- and many
life forms are periodically subject to its wrath.  How did the preying mantis
become stuck in such an awful, vicious cycle?  This is probably what happened:
	The male mantis arrives at the residence of the female mantis.  After
some courtship exercises (dinner, a movie, inserting the diaphragm) they mate.
The female mantis, her lust for... lust being satisfied, relaxes while the
male raids the refrigerator and returns home.  This behavior continues until
the male and female (mantissas?) establish a permanent relationship.  Then the
male establishes a new pattern of behavior:  Football on Mondays, baseball on
Tuesdays, happy hour on Wednesdays, uh, well, uh, working-late-at-the-office
on Thursdays, etc. etc.  The female tolerates this for awhile, then files for
a divorce.  After a long court battle, she concludes one thing:  It simplifies
matters tremendously to just eat him when you're done with him.
	Well, through the centuries of evolution, the Preying Mantis Syndrome
has been carried up to the highest life forms, as well as to humans.  That is
why, one week out of every month, the female of the species will feel compelled
to bite the head off of the male.  The Syndrome is inescapable, but when it
occurs in the female of our species, it's best to just avoid them for a while.


A young man and his girlfriend were walking along Main Street when she spotted
a beautiful diamond ring in a jewelry-store window.  "Wow, I'd sure love to
have that!" she gushed.
	"No problem," her companion replied, throwing a brick through the
window and grabbing the ring.
	A few blocks later, the woman admired a full-length sable coat.  "What
I'd give to own that," she said, sighing.
	"No problem," he said, throwing a brick through the window and grabbing
the coat.
	Finally, turning for home, they passed a car dealership.  "Boy, I'd do
anything for one of those Rolls-Royces," she said.
	"Jeez, baby," the guy moaned, "you think I'm made of bricks?"


HOT TUB TIPS FOR WOMEN
	Vol. I -- Etiquette

1. It's not lady-like to straddle a water jet, moan in ecstasy, and then
	scream at the top of your lungs, "Oh, yes, YES, BABY!"
2. Washing your partner's back is sexy.  Washing your panty hose is not.
3. Nude bathing with strangers can be a pleasant experience; don't spoil
	it for everyone with a thoughtless remark, such as "My God, I've
	seen bigger wangs on hamsters!"
4. It's O.K. to pass a joint while tubbing.  Don't pass anything else.
5. Don't think you're fooling anybody by passing off your vibrator as a
	toy submarine.


All programmers are playwrights and all computers are lousy actors.


Prof:    So the American government went to IBM to come up with a data
	 encryption standard and they came up with ...
Student: EBCDIC!


Board the windows, up your car insurance, and don't leave any booze in plain
sight.  It's St. Patrick's day in Chicago again.  The legend has it that St.
Patrick drove the snakes out of Ireland.  In fact, he was arrested for drunk
driving.  The snakes left because people kept throwing up on them.


Birth, n.:
	The first and direst of all disasters.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Alcoholics Anonymous is when you get to drink under someone else's name.


Drink Canada Dry!  You might not succeed, but it *_i_s* fun trying.


Speaking of purchasing a dog, never buy a watchdog that's
on sale.  After all, everyone knows a bargain dog never bites!


He was a cowboy, mister, and he loved the land.  He loved it so much he
made a woman out of dirt and married her.  But when he kissed her, she
disintegrated.  Later, at the funeral, when the preacher said, "Dust to
dust," some people laughed, and the cowboy shot them.  At his hanging, he
told the others, "I'll be waiting for you in heaven -- with a gun."
		-- Jack Handey


It's always a long day; 86400 doesn't fit into a short.


A distraught patient phoned her doctor's office.  "Was it true," the woman
inquired, "that the medication the doctor had prescribed was for the rest
of her life?"
	She was told that it was.  There was just a moment of silence before
the woman proceeded bravely on.  "Well, I'm wondering, then, how serious my
condition is.  This prescription is marked `NO REFILLS'".


Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what do you say to a cold one?
Norm:  See you later, Vera, I'll be at Cheers.
		-- Cheers, Norm's Last Hurrah

Sam:	Well, look at you.  You look like the cat that
	swallowed the canary.
Norm:	And I need a beer to wash him down.
		-- Cheers, Norm's Last Hurrah

Woody:  Would you like a beer, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   No, I'd like a dead cat in a glass.
		-- Cheers, Little Carla, Happy at Last, Part 2


I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
		-- William Allen White


As a professional humorist, I often get letters from readers who are
interested in the basic nature of humor.  "What kind of a sick
perverted disgusting person are you," these letters typically ask,
"that you make jokes about setting fire to a goat?" ...
		-- Dave Barry, "Why Humor is Funny"


Law of the Jungle:
	He who hesitates is lunch.


A freelancer is one who gets paid by the word -- per piece or perhaps.
		-- Robert Benchley


Optimism is the content of small men in high places.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald, "The Crack Up"


Hear about...
	the nurse they thought had drowned
	until they found her under the doc?


Millions of sensible people are too high-minded to concede that politics is
almost always the choice of the lesser evil.  "Tweedledum and Tweedledee,"
they say.  "I will not vote."  Having abstained, they are presented with a
President who appoints the people who are going to rummage around in their
lives for the next four years.  Consider all the people who sat home in a
stew in 1968 rather than vote for Hubert Humphrey.  They showed Humphrey.
Those people who taught Hubert Humphrey a lesson will still be enjoying the
Nixon Supreme Court when Tricia and Julie begin to find silver threads among
the gold and the black.
		-- Russel Baker, "Ford without Flummery"


