A group of politicians deciding to dump a President because his morals
are bad is like the Mafia getting together to bump off the Godfather for
not going to church on Sunday.
		-- Russell Baker


Television has proved that people will look at anything rather than
each other.
		-- Ann Landers


Can't open /usr/games/fortunes.  Lid stuck on cookie jar.


Sometimes when you look into his eyes you get the feeling that someone
else is driving.
		-- David Letterman


A man of genius makes no mistakes.
His errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery.
		-- James Joyce, "Ulysses"


Democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half
of the people are right more than half of the time.
		-- E. B. White


Two young men seated in a restaurant were watching a customer busily
disposing of a plate of oysters on the half shell.  One of the young
men remarked to his friend,
	"Did you ever hear that business about raw oysters being
good for a man's virility?"
	"Yes, why?" the friend replied.
	"Well, take it from me, that's a lot of foolishness.  I ate a
dozen of them the other night, and only nine worked."


Malek's Law:
	Any simple idea will be worded in the most complicated way.


Phone call for chucky-pooh.


A regular expression goes into a pub with a friend, intending to
help him find a girl.  However, when the cockney barman finds this
out, he says to it, "Ere! I'll have no pattern match-making in my
pub!"


Flattery is like cologne -- to be smelled, but not swallowed.
		-- Josh Billings


Buffy:	How do you get to be renowned?  I mean like, do you have to be
	nowned first?
Willow:	Yes.  First there is the painful nowning process.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Freshman"
		   Season 1, Episode 1


Now the Lord God planted a garden East of Whittier in a place called
Yorba Linda, and out of the ground he made to grow orange trees that
were good for food and the fruits thereof he labeled SUNKIST ...
		-- "The Begatting of a President"


His mind is like a steel trap: full of mice.
		-- Foghorn Leghorn


APPENDIX:
	A portion of a book, for which nobody yet has discovered any use.


Don't be overly suspicious where it's not warranted.


Everyone can be taught to sculpt: Michelangelo would have had
to be taught how not to.  So it is with the great programmers.


First Law of Procrastination:
	Procrastination shortens the job and places the responsibility
	for its termination on someone else (i.e., the authority who
	imposed the deadline).


The road to Hades is easy to travel.
		-- Bion


I hold it, that a little rebellion, now and then, is a good thing...
		-- Thomas Jefferson


PLUNDERER'S THEME
	(to Supercalifragilisticexpialidocius)

Pillage, rape, and loot and burn, but all in moderation.
If you do the things we say, then you'll soon rule the nation.
Kill your foes and enemies and then kill your relations.
Pillage, rape, and loot and burn, but all in moderation.


In Duluth there's a hostess, forsooth,
Who doesn't know gin from vermouth,
	But this lubricant lapse
	Isn't noticed, perhaps
Because nobody does in Duluth.


The Great Movie Posters:

She's got the biggest six-shooters in the West!
		-- The Beautiful Blonde from Bashful Bend (1949)

CAST OF 3,000!
4 WRITERS,
2 DIRECTORS,
3 CAMERAMEN,
3 PRODUCERS!
1 YEAR TO MAKE THIS FILM --
24 YEARS TO REHEARSE --
20 YEARS TO DISTRIBUTE!
	BEAUTIFUL BEYOND WORDS!
	AWE-INSPIRING! VITAL!
THE PRINCE OF PEACE PROVIDES THE ANSWER TO EVERY PROBLEM!
Be Brave-bring your troubles and your family to:
	HISTORY'S MOST SUBLIME EVENT! YOU'LL FIND GOD RIGHT IN THERE!
		-- The Prince of Peace (1948).  Starring members of the
		   Wichita Mountain Pageant featuring Millard Coody as Jesus.


You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.


Planet Claire has pink hair.
All the trees are red.
No one ever dies there.
No one has a head....


Go to a movie tonight.
Darkness becomes you.


Nobody ever died from oven crude poisoning.


When asked the definition of "pi":
The Mathematician:
	Pi is the number expressing the relationship between the
	circumference of a circle and its diameter.
The Physicist:
	Pi is 3.1415927, plus or minus 0.000000005.
The Engineer:
	Pi is about 3.


One good thing about music,
Well, it helps you feel no pain.
So hit me with music;
Hit me with music now.
		-- Bob Marley, "Trenchtown Rock"


Euch ist bekannt, was wir beduerfen;
Wir wollen stark Getraenke schluerfen.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, "Faust"


It's reassuring to know that if you behave strangely enough,
society will take full responsibility for you.


Hatred, n.:
	A sentiment appropriate to the occasion of another's
	superiority.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Q:	What's the difference between a hold-up and a stick-up?
A:	Age.


The only person who always got his work done by Friday was Robinson Crusoe.


FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #31

A:	Chicken Teriyaki.
Q:	What is the name of the world's oldest kamikaze pilot?


First you get down on your knees,	Get in line in that processional,
Fiddle with your rosaries,		Step into that small confessional,
Bow your head with great respect,	There the guy who's got religion'll
And genuflect, genuflect, genuflect!	Tell you if your sins' original.
Do whatever steps you want if		If it is, try playin' it safer,
You have cleared them with the Pontiff,	Drink the wine and chew the wafer,
Ev'rybody say his own			Two, four, six eight,
Kyrie eleison,				Time to transubstantiate!
Doin' the Vatican Rag.

So get down upon your knees,		Make a cross on your abdomen,
Fiddle with your rosaries,		When in Rome do like a Roman,
Bow your head with great respect,	Ave Maria,
And genuflect, genuflect, genuflect!	Gee, it's good to see ya,
	Gettin' ecstatic an' sorta dramatic an' Doin' the Vatican Rag!
		-- Tom Lehrer, "The Vatican Rag"


Hale Mail Rule, The:
	When you are ready to reply to a letter, you will lack at least
	one of the following:
			(a) A pen or pencil or typewriter.
			(b) Stationery.
			(c) Postage stamp.
			(d) The letter you are answering.


In a great romance, each person basically plays a part that the
other really likes.
		-- Elizabeth Ashley


What do you give a man who has everything?  Penicillin.
		-- Jerry Lester


Have a nice diurnal anomaly.


Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set:

PI	Punch Invalid
POPI	Punch Operator Immediately
PVLC	Punch Variable Length Card
RASC	Read And Shred Card
RPM	Read Programmers Mind
RSSC	Reduce Speed, Step Carefully (for improved accuracy)
RTAB	Rewind Tape and Break
RWDSK	Rewind Disk
RWOC	Read Writing On Card
SCRBL	Scribble to disk - faster than a write
SLC	Search for Lost Chord
SPSW	Scramble Program Status Word
SRSD	Seek Record and Scar Disk
STROM	Store in Read Only Memory
TDB	Transfer and Drop Bit
WBT	Water Binary Tree


Humans are communications junkies.  We just can't get enough.
		-- Alan Kay


In the misfortune of our friends we find something that is not
displeasing to us.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld, "Maxims"


Love is the only game that is not called on account of darkness.
		-- M. Hirschfield


Reporter (to Mahatma Gandhi):
		Mr. Gandhi, what do you think of Western Civilization?
Gandhi:		I think it would be a good idea.


Would you *really* want to get on a non-stop flight?
		-- George Carlin


When people say nothing, they don't necessarily mean nothing.


People who have what they want are very fond of telling people who haven't
what they want that they don't want it.
		-- Ogden Nash


Opiates are the religion of the upper-middle classes.
		-- Debbie VanDam


	If you're like most homeowners, you're afraid that many repairs
around your home are too difficult to tackle.  So, when your furnace
explodes, you call in a so-called professional to fix it.  The
"professional" arrives in a truck with lettering on the sides and
deposits a large quantity of tools and two assistants who spend the
better part of the week in your basement whacking objects at random
with heavy wrenches, after which the "professional" returns and gives
you a bill for slightly more money than it would cost you to run a
successful campaign for the U.S. Senate.
	And that's why you've decided to start doing things yourself.
You figure, "If those guys can fix my furnace, then so can I.  How
difficult can it be?"
	Very difficult.  In fact, most home projects are impossible,
which is why you should do them yourself.  There is no point in paying
other people to screw things up when you can easily screw them up
yourself for far less money.  This article can help you.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Reality is nothing but a collective hunch.
		-- Lily Tomlin


It was this guy's first day in the penitentiary; he was in a cell with a
huge burley inmate, and he was pretty nervous.  At lights-out, the inmate
jumped out of his bunk, and, turning to our hero, said, "We're going to
have sex!  You want to be the Mommy or the Daddy?"
	A very terrified hero managed to squeak out, "Uh, well, uh, I guess
I'll be the Daddy."
	"OK," smiled his roommate, "get down here and suck your Momma's dick!"


Blue paint today.
		[Funny to Jack Slingwine, Guy Harris and Hal Pierson.  Ed.]


Blessed is the man who, having nothing to say,
abstains from giving wordy evidence of the fact.
		-- George Eliot


My idea of roughing it turning the air conditioner too low.


What will happen when the 32-bit Unix date goes negative in mid-January
2038 does not bear thinking about.
		-- Henry Spencer


	Attracted by repeated newspaper advertisements, and realizing that
his waist had gone both East and West despite his daily racquetball, a young
executive appeared at a local health resort.  Looking over the several weight
loss plans offered, he selected one guaranteed to reduce his weight by two
pounds per day.  After a light breakfast, and an almost non-existent lunch, he
was escorted to a large room, where a young, attractive woman told him that
"if he caught her, he could have her".  After an hour of hard running, he
finally gave up; and weighing himself, was comforted to realize that he had
lost just under three pounds.  Returning the next week, he chose the plan that
was to reduce his weight by four pounds per session.  After following the same
regimen, he was again escorted to a large room, but after two hours of running,
he caught the young woman.  Weight loss, just over four pounds.  Returning the
following week, he chose to lose eight pounds in a single day.  He was shown
to the largest room he'd seen, by far, where he was confronted by an extremely
muscular, burly man, who looked him square in the eye, flung his towel into
a corner, and snarled, "You know the rules.  Start running!"


All jobs should be open to everybody, unless they actually require a
penis or a vagina.
		-- Florynce Kennedy

There are really not many jobs that actually require a penis
or a vagina, and all other occupations should be open to everyone.
		-- Gloria Steinem


A national debt, if it is not excessive,
will be to us a national blessing.
		-- Alexander Hamilton


Drugs may be the road to nowhere, but at least they're the scenic route!


Nothing, nothing, nothing, no error, no crime is so absolutely
repugnant to God as everything which is official; and why? because
the official is so impersonal and therefore the deepest insult
which can be offered to a personality.
		-- S. A. Kierkegaard (1813-1855)


If people have to choose between freedom and sandwiches, they
will take sandwiches.
		-- Lord Boyd-orr

Eats first, morals after.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "The Threepenny Opera"


If we men married the women we deserved, we should have a very bad time
of it.
		-- Oscar Wilde


It's a naive, domestic operating system without any
breeding, but I think you'll be amused by its presumption.


Nasrudin walked into a teahouse and declaimed, "The moon is more useful
than the sun."
	"Why?", he was asked.
	"Because at night we need the light more."


I don't remember ever having had the itch, and yet scratching is
one of nature's sweet pleasures, and so handy.


An adequate bootstrap is a contradiction in terms.


A stitch in time saves nine.


Everywhere you go you'll see them searching,
Everywhere you turn you'll feel the pain,
Everyone is looking for the answer,
Well look again.
		-- Moody Blues, "Lost in a Lost World"


Depend on the rabbit's foot if you will,
but remember, it didn't help the rabbit.
		-- R. E. Shay


All [zoos] actually offer to the public in return for the taxes spent
upon them is a form of idle and witless amusement, compared to which a
visit to a penitentiary, or even to a State legislature in session, is
informing, stimulating and ennobling.
		-- H. L. Mencken


He who knows, does not speak.  He who speaks, does not know.
		-- Lao Tsu


The most difficult thing in the world is to know how to do a thing and
to watch someone else do it wrong without comment.
		-- Theodore H. White


Don't force it, get a larger hammer.
		-- Anthony


Disco is to music what Etch-A-Sketch is to art.


Why you say you no bunny rabbit when you have little powder-puff tail?
		-- The Tasmanian Devil


Cold, adj.:
	When the politicians walk around with their hands in their own
	pockets.


Always try to do things in chronological order; it's less confusing
that way.


In short, _N is Richardian if, and only if, _N is not Richardian.


Loan-department manager:  "There isn't any fine print.  At these
interest rates, we don't need it."


Once upon a time there...


When I was young we didn't have MTV; we
had to take drugs and go to concerts.
		-- Steven Pearl


The San Francisco police are nothing if not sensitive to the mood of the
community.  The word is that Dirty Harry has been replaced by Bitchy Gerald.


You must include all income you receive in the form of money, property
and services if it is not specifically exempt.  Report property (goods)
and services at their fair market values.  Examples include income from
bartering or swapping transactions, side commissions, kickbacks, rent
paid in services, illegal activities (such as stealing, drugs, etc.),
cash skimming by proprietors and tradesmen, "moonlighting" services,
gambling, prizes and awards.  Not reporting such income can lead to
prosecution for perjury and fraud.
		-- Excerpt from Taxachussettes income tax forms


If you remember the 60's, you weren't there.


Furthermore, if we send something by car, it's a shipment...
but if we send it by ship, it's cargo.


Here's to the girl that's dressed in black,
She's dressed so neat there's nothing to lack
She feels so fine and kisses so sweet
She makes things stand that have no feet.


Passion is that funny feeling that drives a man to
bite a woman's neck because she has beautiful legs.


Don't get stuck in a closet -- wear yourself out.


I've had one child.  My husband wants to have another.  I'd like to
watch him have another.
		-- Rita Rudner


Just to have it is enough.


If you could only get that wonderful feeling of
accomplishment without having to accomplish anything.


Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler.
		-- Albert Einstein


Fakir, n.:
	A psychologist whose charismatic data have inspired almost
	religious devotion in his followers, even though the sources
	seem to have shinnied up a rope and vanished.


Advice is a dangerous gift; be cautious about giving and receiving it.


Gossip, n.:
	Hearing something you like about someone you don't.
		-- Earl Wilson


No is no negative in a woman's mouth.
		-- Sidney


Steinbach's Guideline for Systems Programming:
	Never test for an error condition you don't know how to
handle.


ONE THING KIDS LIKE is to be tricked.  For instance, I was going to take
my little nephew to Disneyland, but instead I drove him to a burned-out
warehouse.  "Oh, oh," I said.  "Disneyland burned down."  He cried and
cried, but I think that deep down he thought it was a pretty good joke.

I started to drive over to the real Disneyland, but it was getting pretty
late.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Knights are hardly worth it.
I mean, all that shell and so little meat...


	... This striving for excellence extends into people's
personal lives as well.  When '80s people buy something, they buy the
best one, as determined by (1) price and (2) lack of availability.
Eighties people buy imported dental floss.  They buy gourmet baking
soda.  If an '80s couple goes to a restaurant where they have made a
reservation three weeks in advance, and they are informed that their
table is available, they stalk out immediately, because they know it is
not an excellent restaurant.  If it were, it would have an enormous
crowd of excellence-oriented people like themselves waiting, their
beepers going off like crickets in the night.  An excellent restaurant
wouldn't have a table ready immediately for anybody below the rank of
Liza Minnelli.
		-- Dave Barry, "In Search of Excellence"


His shy bride admitted to Crandall
That for years she'd worked off with a candle,
	But a cock like his dick
	Gave her ten times the kick,
Though it strained her wee peehole to handle!


She was a farmer's daughter but she couldn't keep her calves together.


One day an elderly Jewish Pole, living in Warsaw, finds an old lamp in his
attic.  He starts to polish it and (poof!) a genie appears in a cloud of
smoke.
	"Greetings, Mortal!" exclaims the genie, stretching and yawning, "For
releasing me I will grant you three wishes."
	The old man thinks for a moment, then replies, "I want Genghis Khan
resurrected.  I want him to re-unite the Mongol hordes, march to the Polish
border, decide he doesn't want to invade, and march back home."
	"No sooner said than done!" thunders the genie.  "Your second wish?"
	"Hmmmm.  I want Genghis Khan resurrected.  I want him to re-unite the
Mongol hordes, march to the Polish border, decide he doesn't want to invade,
and march back home."
	"But...  well, all right!  Your third wish?"
	"I want Genghis Khan resurrected.  I want him to re-unite his ---"
	"OKOKOKOK!  Right.  Got it.  Why do you want Genghis Khan to march
to Poland three times and never invade?"
	The old man smiles.  "He has to pass through Russia six times."


What passes for optimism is most often the effect of an intellectual error.
		-- Raymond Aron, "The Opium of the Intellectuals"


It seems that more and more mathematicians are using a new, high level
language named "research student".


Q:	What do you get when you cross James Dean with Ronald Reagan?
A:	A rebel without a clue.


Two Finns and a penguin are sitting on the front porch of a large house.  The
penguin is dripping in sweat; his owner looks down and says to the other Finn,
"Hey Urho, I want that you should take the penguin to the zoo, okay?"  The
owner then runs off to the sauna.  When he gets out of the sauna, he looks
up at the porch, and sure enough, there is Urho and the penguin, sweating
away.  So he yells out "Hey, Urho, I thought I told you to take the penguin to
the zoo, I did."  And Urho yells back "Yup, and tomorrow we're going to
the movies!"


He laughs at every joke three times... once when it's told,
once when it's explained, and once when he understands it.


Toilet Toupee, n.:
	Any shag carpet that causes the lid to become top-heavy, thus
	creating endless annoyance to male users.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


	My friends, I am here to tell you of the wondrous continent known as
Africa.  Well we left New York drunk and early on the morning of February 31.
We were 15 days on the water, and 3 on the boat when we finally arrived in
Africa.  Upon our arrival we immediately set up a rigorous schedule:  Up at
6:00, breakfast, and back in bed by 7:00.  Pretty soon we were back in bed by
6:30.  Now Africa is full of big game.  The first day I shot two bucks.  That
was the biggest game we had.  Africa is primarily inhabited by Elks, Moose
and Knights of Pithiests.
	The elks live up in the mountains and come down once a year for their
annual conventions.  And you should see them gathered around the water hole,
which they leave immediately when they discover it's full of water.  They
weren't looking for a water hole.  They were looking for an alck hole.
	One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas, how he got in my
pajamas, I don't know.  Then we tried to remove the tusks.  That's a tough
word to say, tusks.  As I said we tried to remove the tusks, but they were
embedded so firmly we couldn't get them out.  But in Alabama the Tusks are
looser, but that is totally irrelephant to what I was saying.
	We took some pictures of the native girls, but they weren't developed.
So we're going back in a few years...
		-- Julius H. Marx


Bitch, bitch, bitch --
That's all I ever hear,
Ever since the dog ate the baby,
"Get rida the dog, get rida the dog."


Once you come out as a Pagan bisexual married leatherdyke,
the rest of life is that much easier.


Today you'll start getting heavy metal radio on your dentures.


I was born because it was a habit in those days, people didn't know
anything else ... I was not a Child Prodigy, because a Child Prodigy is
a child who knows as much when it is a child as it does when it grows
up.
		-- Will Rogers


An algorithm must be seen to be believed.
		-- Donald E. Knuth


Serfs up!
		-- Spartacus


Premature optimization is the root of all evil.
		-- Donald E. Knuth


