Three rules for sounding like an expert:
	1. Oversimplify your explanations to the point of uselessness.
	2. Always point out second-order effects,
	   but never point out when they can be ignored.
	3. Come up with three rules of your own.


Journalism will kill you, but it will keep you alive while you're at it.


The rules are rather simple to understand:  Under democracy you
can defend any view, but only defend it.  You can not try to realize
it through power, violence or weapons.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


People humiliating a salami!


Swerve me?  The path to my fixed purpose is laid with iron rails,
whereon my soul is grooved to run.  Over unsounded gorges, through
the rifled hearts of mountains, under torrents' beds, unerringly
I rush!
		-- Captain Ahab, "Moby Dick"


I base my fashion taste on what doesn't itch.
		-- Gilda Radner


If clear thinking created sparks, we could safely store dynamite in
James Watt's office.
		-- Wayne Shannon, KRON-TV


I'd be a poorer man if I'd never seen an eagle fly.
		-- John Denver

[I saw an eagle fly once.  Fortunately, I had my eagle fly swatter handy.  Ed.]


Fine day to work off excess energy.  Steal something heavy.


You are farsighted, a good planner,
an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.


Your lucky color has faded.


Nothing is better than Sex.
Masturbation is better than nothing.
Therefore, Masturbation is better than Sex.


Flame on!
		-- Johnny Storm


Son, someday a man is going to walk up to you with a deck of cards on which
the seal is not yet broken.  And he is going to offer to bet you that he can
make the Ace of Spades jump out of the deck and squirt cider in your ears.
But son, do not bet this man, for you will end up with an ear full of cider.
		-- Sky Masterson's Father


When I have one foot in the grave I will tell the truth about women.  I
shall tell it, jump into my coffin, pull the lid over me, and say, "Do
what you like now."
		-- Tolstoy


Dozens of bears are found dead in Alaska and Canada every summer, killed
by blood lost to the voracious mosquito.  The estimated life-expectancy
of a naked man on the tundra in summer is about 15 minutes.  In that
time, approximately 250,000 mosquitoes would have drawn enough blood to
kill him.
		-- Gus McLeavy, "Day-by-Day Trivia Almanac"


Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to
build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying
to produce bigger and better idiots.  So far, the Universe is winning.
		-- Rich Cook


Mother Earth is not flat!


Democracy means simply the bludgeoning of the people by the people for
the people.
		-- Oscar Wilde


A woman can look both moral and exciting -- if she also looks as if it
were quite a struggle.
		-- Edna Ferber


Chinese saying: "He who speak with forked tongue, not need chopsticks."


Burke's Postulates:
	Anything is possible if you don't know what you are talking about.
	Don't create a problem for which you do not have the answer.


Some women achieve greatness, some have greatness thrust into them.


To add insult to injury.
		-- Phaedrus


Speaking of Godzilla and other things that convey horror:

	With a purposeful grimace and a Mongo-like flair
	He throws the spinning disk drives in the air!
	And he picks up a Vax and he throws it back down
	As he wades through the lab making terrible sounds!
	Helpless users with projects due
	Scream "My God!" as he stomps on the tape drives, too!

	Oh, no!  He says Unix runs too slow!  Go, go, DECzilla!
	Oh, yes!  He's gonna bring up VMS!  Go, go, DECzilla!"

* VMS is a trademark of Digital Equipment Corporation
* DECzilla is a trademark of Hollow Chocolate Bunnies of Death, Inc.
		-- Curtis Jackson


QOTD:
	"This is a one line proof... if we start sufficiently far to the
	left."


Accept people for what they are -- completely unacceptable.


Ever wondered about the origins of the term "bugs" as applied to computer
technology?  U.S. Navy Capt. Grace Murray Hopper has firsthand explanation.
The 74-year-old captain, who is still on active duty, was a pioneer in
computer technology during World War II.  At the C. W. Post Center of Long
Island University, Hopper told a group of Long Island public school adminis-
trators that the first computer "bug" was a real bug--a moth.  At Harvard
one August night in 1945, Hopper and her associates were working on the
"granddaddy" of modern computers, the Mark I.  "Things were going badly;
there was something wrong in one of the circuits of the long glass-enclosed
computer," she said.  "Finally, someone located the trouble spot and, using
ordinary tweezers, removed the problem, a two-inch moth.  From then on, when
anything went wrong with a computer, we said it had bugs in it."  Hopper
said that when the veracity of her story was questioned recently, "I referred
them to my 1945 log book, now in the collection of the Naval Surface Weapons
Center, and they found the remains of that moth taped to the page in
question."
		[actually, the term "bug" had even earlier usage in
		regard to problems with radio hardware.  Ed.]


	A man met a beautiful young woman in a bar.  They got along well,
shared dinner, and had a marvelous evening.  When he left her, he told her
that he had really enjoyed their time together, and hoped to see her again,
soon.  Smiling yes, she gave him her phone number.
	The next day, he called her up and asked her to go dancing.  She
agreed.  As they talked, he jokingly asked her what her favorite flower was.
Realizing his intentions, she told him that he shouldn't bring her flowers
-- if he wanted to bring her a gift, well, he should bring her a Swiss Army
knife!
	Surprised, and not a little intrigued, he spent a large part of the
afternoon finding a particularly unusual one.  Arriving at her apartment
he immediately presented her with the knife.  She ooohed and ahhhed over it
for a minute, and then carefully placed it in a drawer, that the man couldn't
help but see was full of Swiss Army knives.
	Surprised, he asked her why she had collected so many.
	"Well, I'm young and attractive now", blushed the woman, "but that
won't always be true.  And boy scouts will do anything for a Swiss Army knife!"


A day without orange juice is like a day without orange juice.


Mr. Rockford; Miss Collins from the Bureau of Licenses.  We got your
renewal before the extended deadline but not your check.  I'm sorry but
at midnight you're no longer licensed as an investigator.


College football is a game which would be much more interesting if the
faculty played instead of the students, and even more interesting if
the trustees played.  There would be a great increase in broken arms,
legs, and necks, and simultaneously an appreciable diminution in the
loss to humanity.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Most people have a furious itch to talk about themselves and are restrained
only by the disinclination of others to listen.  Reserve is an artificial
quality that is developed in most of us as the result of innumerable rebuffs.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham


BACKWARD CONDITIONING:
	Putting saliva in a dog's mouth in an attempt to make a bell ring.


The Abrams' Principle:
	The shortest distance between two points is off the wall.


You must know that a man can have only one invulnerable loyalty, loyalty
to his own concept of the obligations of manhood.  All other loyalties
are merely deputies of that one.
		-- Nero Wolfe


WELL-ADJUSTED:
	The ability to play bridge or golf as if they were games.


For my son, Robert, this is proving to be the high-point of his entire
life to date.  He has had his pajamas on for two, maybe three days
now.  He has the sense of joyful independence a 5-year-old child gets
when he suddenly realizes that he could be operating an acetylene torch
in the coat closet and neither parent [because of the flu] would have
the strength to object.  He has been foraging for his own food, which
means his diet consists entirely of "food" substances which are
advertised only on Saturday-morning cartoon shows; substances that are
the color of jukebox lights and that, for legal reasons, have their
names spelled wrong, as in New Creemy Chok-'n'-Cheez Lumps o' Froot
("part of this complete breakfast").
		-- Dave Barry, "Molecular Homicide"


Brucify, v.:
	1: Kill by nailing onto style(9); "David O'Brien was brucified"
	2: Annoy constantly by reminding of potential improvements
	   [syn: {torment}, {rag}, {tantalize}, {bedevil}, {dun},
	   {frustrate}]
	3: Fix problems that were indicated in an earlier brucification
	   (of one of the two other meanings).
The word 'brucify' originally comes from the style-reviews of Bruce
Evans of the FreeBSD project, but is now also sometimes used for
reviews just done in his spirit.


Shannon's Observation
	Nothing is so frustrating as a bad situation
	that is beginning to improve.


While you recently had your problems on the run,
they've regrouped and are making another attack.


Q:	What do you get when you cross a mobster with an international
	standard?
A:	You get someone who makes you an offer that you can't understand!


The sweeter the apple, the blacker the core --
Scratch a lover and find a foe!
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Ballad of a Great Weariness"


Q:	Do you know what the death rate around here is?
A:	One per person.


Losing your drivers' license is just
God's way of saying "BOOGA, BOOGA!"


And the northern lights commenced to glow.
And she said, with a tear in her eye,
"Watch out where the huskies go, and don't you eat that yellow snow."
		-- Frank Zappa, "The Story of Nanook and the Fur Trapper"


You can grovel with a lover, you can grovel with a friend,
You can grovel with your boss, and it never has to end.

(chorus)	Grovel, grovel, grovel, every night and every day,
		Grovel, grovel, grovel, in your own peculiar way.

You can grovel in a hallway, you can grovel in a park,
You can grovel in an alley with a mugger after dark.
(chorus)

You can grovel with your uncle, you can grovel with your aunt,
You can grovel with your Apple, even though you say you can't.
(chorus)


The Third Law of Photography:
	If you did manage to get any good shots, they will be ruined
	when someone inadvertently opens the darkroom door and all of
	the dark leaks out.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(5) War is not obsolete.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


I have to think hard to name an interesting man who does not drink.
		-- Richard Burton


If you think technology can solve your security problems, then you
don't understand the problems and you don't understand the technology.
		-- Bruce Schneier


It's amazing how nice people are to you when they know you're going away.
		-- Michael Arlen


For I do not do the good I want, but the evil I do not want is what I do.
		-- Paul of Tarsus, (Saint Paul)


Overconfidence breeds error when we take for granted that the game will
continue on its normal course; when we fail to provide for an unusually
powerful resource -- a check, a sacrifice, a stalemate.  Afterwards the
victim may wail, `But who could have dreamt of such an idiotic-looking
move?'
		-- Fred Reinfeld, "The Complete Chess Course"


How often I found where I should be going
only by setting out for somewhere else.
		-- R. Buckminster Fuller


I'm fed up to the ears with old men dreaming up wars for young men to die in.
		-- George McGovern


Happiness is the greatest good.


Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear -- not absence of fear.
		-- Mark Twain


Christianity and Judaism aren't all that different, really.  Growing up in
a Christian family, the feeling of guilt for Man's sins comes from God.
In a Jewish family, it comes from your parents.


What is this line of duty, and suffering?  You are not supposed to suffer
if you are an assassin.  The other person is supposed to suffer.
		-- Chiun, glory of the name of Sinanju, teacher of the youth
		   from outside Sinanju named Remo.


He who is flogged by fate and laughs the louder is a masochist.


Q:	How many elephants can you fit in a VW Bug?
A:	Four.  Two in the front, two in the back.

Q:	How can you tell if an elephant is in your refrigerator?
A:	There's a footprint in the mayo.

Q:	How can you tell if two elephants are in your refrigerator?
A:	There's two footprints in the mayo.

Q:	How can you tell if three elephants are in your refrigerator?
A:	The door won't shut.

Q:	How can you tell if four elephants are in your refrigerator?
A:	There's a VW Bug in your driveway.


God votes Republican.


You will be audited by the Internal Revenue Service.


Don't despair; your ideal lover is waiting for you around the corner.


Wishing without work is like fishing without bait.
		-- Frank Tyger


A right is not what someone gives you; it's what no one can take from you.
		-- Ramsey Clark


But you shall not escape my iambics.
		-- Gaius Valerius Catullus


Better living a beggar than buried an emperor.


Stealing a rhinoceros should not be attempted lightly.


If you have to think twice about it, you're wrong.


Remember the good old days, when CPU was singular?


In a bottle, the neck is always at the top.


There's nothing very mysterious about you, except that
nobody really knows your origin, purpose, or destination.


This fortune would be seven words long if it were six words shorter.


WE'LL LOOK INTO IT:
	By the time the wheels make a full turn, we
	assume you will have forgotten about it,too.


	"I suppose you expect me to talk."
	"No, Mr. Bond.  I expect you to die."
		-- Goldfinger


To jaw-jaw is better than to war-war.
		-- Winston Churchill, on Korean War negotiations


MIT:
	The Georgia Tech of the North


If you understand what you're doing, you're not learning anything.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Oz:	So, do you guys steal weapons from the army a lot?
Willow:	Well, we don't have cable, so we have to make our own fun.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Innocence"
		   Season 2, Episode 14


The grand leap of the whale up the Fall of Niagara is esteemed, by all
who have seen it, as one of the finest spectacles in nature.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Cheese -- milk's leap toward immortality.
		-- Clifton Fadiman, "Any Number Can Play"


Dr. Fritzkee's Lucky Astrology Diet

The problem with the diets of today is that most women who do achieve
that magic weight, seventy-six pounds, are still fat.  Dr. Fritzkee's
Lucky Astrology Diet is a sure-fire method of reducing with the added
luxury that you never feel hungry.

Here's how the diet works:

	FOODS ALLOWED
First Month:	One egg
Second Month:	A raisin
Third Month:	Pumpkin pie with whipped cream and chocolate sauce.

If after the third month you haven't gotten to your dream weight, try
lopping off parts of your body until those scales tip just right for you.


The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness.
		-- John Muir


Except for 75% of the women, everyone in the whole world wants to have sex.
		-- Ellyn Mustard


Stop searching.  Happiness is right next to you.
Now, if they'd only take a bath...


Menage a trois, n.:
	Using both hands to masturbate.


I never take work home with me; I always leave it in some bar along the way.


Once upon a time, when I was training to be a mathematician, a group of
us bright young students taking number theory discovered the names of the
smaller prime numbers.

2:  The Odd Prime --
	It's the only even prime, therefore is odd.  QED.
3:  The True Prime --
	Lewis Carroll: "If I tell you 3 times, it's true."
31: The Arbitrary Prime --
	Determined by unanimous unvote.  We needed an arbitrary prime in
	case the prof asked for one, and so had an election.  91 received
	the most votes (well, it *looks* prime) and 3+4i the next most.
	However, 31 was the only candidate to receive none at all.
41: The Female Prime --
	The polynomial X**2 - X + 41 is
	prime for integer values from 1 to 40.
43: The Male Prime - they form a prime pair.

Since the composite numbers are formed from primes, their qualities
are derived from those primes.  So, for instance, the number 6 is "odd
but true", while the powers of 2 are all extremely odd numbers.


One doesn't have a sense of humor.  It has you.
		-- Larry Gelbart


Joe's sister puts spaghetti in her shoes!


Our country has plenty of good five-cent cigars,
but the trouble is they charge fifteen cents for them.


Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
		-- Will Rogers


Subtlety is the art of saying what you think and getting out of the
way before it is understood.


Loose bits sink chips.


Parts that positively cannot be assembled in improper order will be.


A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore.
		-- Yogi Berra


The Tree of Learning bears the noblest fruit, but noble fruit tastes bad.


Standards are different for all things, so the standard set by man is by
no means the only "certain" standard.  If you mistake what is relative for
something certain, you have strayed far from the ultimate truth.
		-- Chuang Tzu


A penny saved is a penny taxed.


In matters of principle, stand like a rock;
in matters of taste, swim with the current.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Beta test, v.:
	To voluntarily entrust one's data, one's livelihood and one's
	sanity to hardware or software intended to destroy all three.
	In earlier days, virgins were often selected to beta test volcanos.


It's better to be pissed off than pissed on.


KERNEL:
	A part of an operating system that preserves the medieval
	traditions of sorcery and black art.


The 11 is for people with the pride of a 10 and the pocketbook of an 8.
		-- R. B. Greenberg


No plain fanfold paper could hold that fractal Puff --
He grew so fast no plotting pack could shrink him far enough.
Compiles and simulations grew so quickly tame
And swapped out all their data space when Puff pushed his stack frame.
	(refrain)
Puff, he grew so quickly, while others moved like snails
And mini-Puffs would perch themselves on his gigantic tail.
All the student hackers loved that fractal Puff
But DCS did not like Puff, and finally said, "Enough!"
	(refrain)
Puff used more resources than DCS could spare.
The operator killed Puff's job -- he didn't seem to care.
A gloom fell on the hackers; it seemed to be the end,
But Puff trapped the exception, and grew from naught again!
	(refrain)
Refrain:
	Puff the fractal dragon was written in C,
	And frolicked while processes switched in mainframe memory.
	Puff the fractal dragon was written in C,
	And frolicked while processes switched in mainframe memory.


Bower's Law:
	Talent goes where the action is.


We have ears, earther...FOUR OF THEM!


There are three principal ways to lose money: wine, women, and
engineers.  While the first two are more pleasant, the third is by far
the more certain.
		-- Baron Rothschild, ca. 1800


It may be bad manners to talk with your mouth full, but it isn't too
good either if you speak when your head is empty.


You mean you didn't *know* she was off
making lots of little phone companies?


I'll grant thee random access to my heart,
Thoul't tell me all the constants of thy love;
And so we two shall all love's lemmas prove
And in our bound partition never part.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


Bees are very busy souls
They have no time for birth controls
And that is why in times like these
There are so many Sons of Bees.


If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.


Admiration, n.:
	Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says
it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.
		-- E. Hubbard


We're Knights of the Round Table
We dance whene'er we're able
We do routines and chorus scenes	We're knights of the Round Table
With footwork impeccable		Our shows are formidable
We dine well here in Camelot		But many times
We eat ham and jam and Spam a lot.	We're given rhymes
					That are quite unsingable
In war we're tough and able,		We're opera mad in Camelot
Quite indefatigable			We sing from the diaphragm a lot.
Between our quests
We sequin vests
And impersonate Clark Gable
It's a busy life in Camelot.
I have to push the pram a lot.
		-- Monty Python


Courage is fear that has said its prayers.


The universe is an island,
surrounded by whatever it is that surrounds universes.


The Shuttle is now going five times the sound of speed.
		-- Dan Rather, first landing of Columbia


Recently deceased blues guitarist Stevie Ray Vaughan "comes to" after
his death.  He sees Jimi Hendrix sitting next to him, tuning his guitar.
"Holy cow," he thinks to himself, "this guy is my idol."  Over at the
microphone, about to sing, are Jim Morrison and Janis Joplin, and the
bassist is the late Barry Oakley of the Allman Brothers.  So Stevie
Ray's thinking, "Oh, wow!  I've died and gone to rock and roll heaven."
Just then, Karen Carpenter walks in, sits down at the drums, and says:
"'Close to You'.  Hit it, boys!"
		-- Told by Penn Jillette, of magic/comedy duo Penn and Teller


Hear about...
	the swinger who labeled his little black book "Future Shack"?


I am, in point of fact, a particularly haughty and exclusive person,
of pre-Adamite ancestral descent.  You will understand this when I tell
you that I can trace my ancestry back to a protoplasmal primordial
atomic globule.  Consequently, my family pride is something
inconceivable.  I can't help it.  I was born sneering.
		-- Pooh-Bah, "The Mikado", Gilbert & Sullivan


If there is a wrong way to do something, then someone will do it.
		-- Edward A. Murphy, Jr.


If mathematically you end up with the wrong
answer, try multiplying by the page number.


When Marriage is Outlawed,
Only Outlaws will have Inlaws.


Brokee, n.:
	Someone who buys stocks on the advice of a broker.


Vila:	"I think I have just made the biggest mistake of my life."
Orac:	"It is unlikely.  I would predict there are far greater mistakes
	waiting to be made by someone with your obvious talent for it."


If Helen Keller is alone in a forest and falls, does she make a sound?


	The FIELD GUIDE to NORTH AMERICAN MALES

SPECIES:	Cranial Males
SUBSPECIES:	The Hacker (homo computatis)
Plumage:
	All clothes have a slightly crumpled look as though they came off the
	top of the laundry basket.  Style varies with status.  Hacker managers
	wear gray polyester slacks, pink or pastel shirts with wide collars,
	and paisley ties; staff wears cinched-up baggy corduroy pants, white
	or blue shirts with button-down collars, and penholder in pocket.
	Both managers and staff wear running shoes to work, and a black
	plastic digital watch with calculator.


