If at first you don't succeed, quit; don't be a nut about success.


All men profess honesty as long as they can.
To believe all men honest would be folly.
To believe none so is something worse.
		-- John Quincy Adams


Sex: the thing that takes up the least amount of time and causes the
most amount of trouble.
		-- John Barrymore


If God wanted us to be brave, why did he give us legs?
		-- Marvin Kitman


The greatest productive force is human selfishness.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


God wants us to know that if we see a bumper sticker saying "Honk if you love
Jesus" it is a bad idea to honk to express an opinion about Jesus because it
will annoy the turkey who put the bumper sticker on as well as everyone else
in the vicinity.  However, it is just fine to honk to annoy the turkey simply
for being a turkey, for God told Man to be fruitful and multiply, and to rule
over the beasts of the field and the birds of the air, and that includes the
turkeys who buy such bumper stickers.  Of course, God understands that innocent
bystanders will also be annoyed, but He has wisely created traffic cops to
impose some constraint on how much we may annoy the turkeys within city limits,
for God's wisdom comprehends full well that thou shalt not make an omelette
without breaking eggs.  God only wishes they were turkey eggs, so such moral
dilemmas shall be fewer in number in the future, when the generations a-coming
(hallelujah) won't have so many turkeys to deal with.  But God knows full well
that such things take time, and the turkeys are showing more resilience than
expected, and may be with us for a long time yet.


No amount of genius can overcome a preoccupation with detail.


Solipsists of the World... you are already united.
		-- Kayvan Sylvan


"Lines that are parallel meet at Infinity!"
Euclid repeatedly, heatedly, urged.

Until he died, and so reached that vicinity:
in it he found that the damned things diverged.
		-- Piet Hein


Any two philosophers can tell each other all they know in two hours.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.


Q:	Why did the mathematician name his dog "Cauchy"?
A:	Because he left a residue at every pole.


You know, Callahan's is a peaceable bar, but if
you ask that dog what his favorite formatter is,
and he says "roff! roff!", well, I'll just have to...


Oh I'm just a typical American boy
From a typical American town.
I believe in God and Senator Dodd
And keeping old Castro down.
And when it came my time to serve
I knew "Better Dead Than Red",
But when I got to my old draft board,
Buddy, this is what I said:

Chorus:
	Sarge, I'm only eighteen, I've got a ruptured spleen,
	And I always carry a purse!
	I've got eyes like a bat and my feet are flat,
	And my asthma's getting worse!
	Yes, think of my career and my sweetheart dear,
	And my poor old invalid aunt!
	Besides I ain't no fool, I'm a-going to school
	And I'm a-working in a defense plant!
		-- Phil Ochs, "Draft Dodger Rag"


Si jeunesse savait, si vieillesse pouvait.
[If youth but knew, if old age but could.]
		-- Henri Estienne


There's always free cheese in a mousetrap.


Lots of girls can be had for a song.
Unfortunately, it often turns out to be the wedding march.


To spot the expert, pick the one who predicts
the job will take the longest and cost the most.


Do not think by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.


Why on earth do people buy old bottles of wine when they can get a
fresh one for a quarter of the price?


A man wrapped up in himself makes a very small package.


Ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so.
		-- John Stuart Mill


	"Cheshire-Puss," she began, "would you tell me, please, which
way I ought to go from here?"
	"That depends a good deal on where you want to get to," said
the Cat.
	"I don't care much where--" said Alice.
	"Then it doesn't matter which way you go," said the Cat.
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


I'm not laughing behind your back; everything funny is in front!
		-- Rodney Dangerfield's wife


Q:	What's yellow, and equivalent to the Axiom of Choice?
A:	Zorn's Lemon.


Meteorologist, n.:
	A man who can look in a woman's eyes and predict whether.


A young man enters the New York branch of Tiffany's on a Friday evening and
walks up to a display case full of pearl necklaces.  He turns to a gorgeous
woman, who is obviously window shopping, looks her straight in the eye and
says, "I can tell by your eyes that you really want that necklace.  If you'll
allow me, I'd like to buy it for you."
	The woman looks him up and down; he's wearing a nice suit and some
pretty nice jewelry, but she has trouble believing this story.
	"Look, this is some kind of put on, right?"
	"No, really.  You see, I've got quite a lot of money -- so much that
I could never spend it all.  I'd really like for you to have it."
	The guys whips out his checkbook, writes a check for five figures,
calls over a clerk and hands it to him.  The clerk peers at the check, looks
at the young man, looks at the check again.  "Very good, sir.  I'm afraid I
can't release the necklace immediately, would Monday be all right?"
	"That'll be fine, she'll pick it up." the man replies, and walks out
of the store with the woman following him in a daze.
	The next Monday the man comes back in and walks up to the counter.
The same clerk hurries over to him and says, "Sir, I'm sorry to have to tell
you this, but your check was returned for insufficient funds."
	"I know," the man replies.  "I just wanted to thank you for a
terrific weekend."


She say, Miss Colie, You better hush.  God might hear you.
Let 'im hear me, I say.  If he ever listened to poor colored
women the world would be a different place, I can tell you.
		-- Alice Walker, "The Color Purple"


Taxes are not levied for the benefit of the taxed.


The profession of book writing makes horse racing seem like a solid,
stable business.
		-- John Steinbeck


I think we are in Rats Alley where the dead men lost their bones.
		-- T. S. Eliot


One thought driven home is better than three left on base.


La-dee-dee, la-dee-dah.


In West Union, Ohio, No married man can go flying without his spouse
along at any time, unless he has been married for more than 12 months.


The older I grow, the more I distrust the
familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Father:	Son, it's time we talked about sex.
Son:	Sure, Dad, what do you want to know?


I asked the engineer who designed the communication terminal's keyboards
why these were not manufactured in a central facility, in view of the
small number needed [1 per month] in his factory.  He explained that this
would be contrary to the political concept of local self-sufficiency.
Therefore, each factory needing keyboards, no matter how few, manufactures
them completely, even molding the keypads.
		-- Isaac Auerbach, IEEE "Computer", Nov. 1979


Dr. Fritzkee's Lucky Astrology Diet

The problem with the diets of today is that most women who do achieve
that magic weight, seventy-six pounds, are still fat.  Dr. Fritzkee's
Lucky Astrology Diet is a sure-fire method of reducing with the added
luxury that you never feel hungry.

Here's how the diet works:

	FOODS ALLOWED
First Month:	One egg
Second Month:	A raisin
Third Month:	Pumpkin pie with whipped cream and chocolate sauce.

If after the third month you haven't gotten to your dream weight, try
lopping off parts of your body until those scales tip just right for you.


No one born with a mouth and a need is "innocent".
		-- Greg Bear


In Christianity neither morality nor religion come into contact with
reality at any point.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


SUGAR DADDY:
	A man who can afford to raise cain.


So many beautiful women and so little time.
		-- John Barrymore


"Can you be more stupid than aggravating the judge AND your lawyer?
No? Oh yes you can: You can aggravate the whole kernel community."
		-- Alexander Lyamin (about Hans Reisers murder trial)


The true way goes over a rope which is not stretched at any great
height but just above the ground.  It seems more designed to make
people stumble than to be walked upon.
		-- Franz Kafka


Gone With The Wind LITE(tm)
	-- by Margaret Mitchell

	A woman only likes men she can't have and the South gets trashed.

Gift of the Magii LITE(tm)
	-- by O. Henry

	A husband and wife forget to register their gift preferences.

The Old Man and the Sea LITE(tm)
	-- by Ernest Hemingway

	An old man goes fishing, but doesn't have much luck.

Diary of a Young Girl LITE(tm)
	-- by Anne Frank

	A young girl hides in an attic but is discovered.


God is a comic playing to an audience that's afraid to laugh.


A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.


If it wasn't for Newton, we wouldn't have to eat bruised apples.


	"I'm looking for adventure, excitement, beautiful women," cried the
young man to his father as he prepared to leave home.  "Don't try to stop me.
I'm on my way."
	"Who's trying to stop you?" shouted the father.  "Take me along!"


If you flaunt it, expect to have it trashed.


A guy comes into a bar with a frog and sets it down next to the prettiest
girl there.
	"This is a very special frog," he informs her.  "His name is Charlie."
	"What's so special about this frog?" she asks.
He's reluctant to tell her, but when pressed, explains that,
	"This frog can eat pussy."
The girl slaps him, knocking him off his chair, and accuses him of telling her
a filthy lie.  But no, he assures her, it's completely true.  And after much
discussion, she agrees to come back to his apartment to see the frog in action.
She positions herself appropriately, the guy carefully takes out the frog, and
says, "Okay, Charlie, do your stuff!"  The frog is immobile, despite his
owner's exhortations, and the girl starts to snicker.
	"Okay, Charlie, do your stuff!"
	"C'mon Charlie, do your stuff!"
By now, the girl is laughing openly.
	"Okay, Charlie," says the guy, moving the frog out of the way, "I'm
only going to show you one more time."


A cousin of mine once said about money,
money is always there but the pockets change;
it is not in the same pockets after a change,
and that is all there is to say about money.
		-- Gertrude Stein


Department chairmen never die, they just lose their faculties.


A gentleman never strikes a lady with his hat on.
		-- Fred Allen


He was so ugly hookers used to tell him, "Not on the first date."


Hackers know all the right MOVs.


Before you ask more questions, think about whether
you really want to know the answers.
		-- Gene Wolfe, "The Claw of the Conciliator"


Useful Farsi phrases for Americans traveling to Iran:

MAMNOUNAN GHORBAN IN DAFAYEH MEEMUNAM.
	It is with greatest pleasure that I sign
	this confession of capital crimes.

MATERNIER GHERMEZ AHLIEH, GHORBAN.
	The red blindfold would be lovely, excellency.

TIKEH NUNEH BA OB KHRELEH BEZORG VA KHRUBE BOYAST INO BEGERAM.
	The water-soaked bread crumbs are delicious, thank you.
	I must have the recipe.

ETEHFOR'AN, DEHRATEE, OTAGEH SHOMA MIKRASTAM KHE
DO HAFTAEH BA BODANEH SHEEREEL TEEGZ.
	Truly, I would rather be a hostage to your greatly esteemed
	self than spend a fortnight upon the person of Cheryl Tiegs.


FEAR:
	What you feel when you see a U-Haul with Texas license plates.


Every time I lose weight, it finds me again!


Never tell a lie unless it is absolutely convenient.


Law of Selective Gravity:
	An object will fall so as to do the most damage.

Jenning's Corollary:
	The chance of the bread falling with the buttered side down is
	directly proportional to the cost of the carpet.


Many a family tree needs trimming.


Kindness is the beginning of cruelty.
		-- Muad'dib, "Dune"


One day I got on the usual bus, and when I stepped in, I saw the most
gorgeous blond Chinese girl... I sat beside her... I said "Hi," and she
said "Hi," and then I said "Nice day, isn't it," and she said "Yeah, I
guess"... I said "What do you mean 'you guess?'"... she said "I saw my
analyst today and he says I have a problem."... so I asked "What's the
problem?"... she replied "I can't tell you, I don't even know you."...
I said "Well sometimes it's good to tell your problems to a perfect
stranger on a bus."  So she said, "Well, my analyst said I'm a nymphomaniac
and I only like Jewish cowboys... by the way, my name is Diane."  I said,
"Hello, Diane, my name is Bucky Goldstein."
		-- Steven Wright


Colvard's Logical Premises:
	All probabilities are 50%.
Either a thing will happen or it won't.

Colvard's Unconscionable Commentary:
	This is especially true when
	dealing with someone you're attracted to.

Grelb's Commentary:
	Likelihoods, however, are 90% against you.


