Never buy what you do not want
because it is cheap; it will be dear to you.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Like you, I am frequently haunted by profound questions related to man's
place in the Scheme of Things.  Here are just a few:

	Q -- Is there life after death?
	A -- Definitely.  I speak from personal experience here.  On New
Year's Eve, 1970, I drank a full pitcher of a drink called "Black Russian",
then crawled out on the lawn and died within a matter of minutes, which was
fine with me because I had come to realize that if I had lived I would have
spent the rest of my life in the grip of the most excruciatingly painful
headache.  Thanks to the miracle of modern orange juice, I was brought back
to life several days later, but in the interim I was definitely dead.  I
guess my main impression of the afterlife is that it isn't so bad as long
as you keep the television turned down and don't try to eat any solid foods.
		-- Dave Barry


Whoever named it "necking" was a poor judge of anatomy.
		-- Groucho Marx


The meat is rotten, but the booze is holding out.
Computer translation of "The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak."


Immutability, Three Rules of:
	(1)  If a tarpaulin can flap, it will.
	(2)  If a small boy can get dirty, he will.
	(3)  If a teenager can go out, he will.


To be is to do.
		-- I. Kant
To do is to be.
		-- A. Sartre
Do be a Do Bee!
		-- Miss Connie, Romper Room
Do be do be do!
		-- F. Sinatra
Yabba-Dabba-Doo!
		-- F. Flintstone


Marigold:		Jealousy
Mint:			Virute
Orange blossom:		Your purity equals your loveliness
Orchid:			Beauty, magnificence
Pansy:			Thoughts
Peach blossom:		I am your captive
Petunia:		Your presence soothes me
Poppy:			Sleep
Rose, any color:	Love
Rose, deep red:		Bashful shame
Rose, single, pink:	Simplicity
Rose, thornless, any:	Early attachment
Rose, white:		I am worthy of you
Rose, yellow:		Decrease of love, rise of jealousy
Rosebud, white:		Girlhood, and a heart ignorant of love
Rosemary:		Remembrance
Sunflower:		Haughtiness
Tulip, red:		Declaration of love
Tulip, yellow:		Hopeless love
Violet, blue:		Faithfulness
Violet, white:		Modesty
Zinnia:			Thoughts of absent friends
	* An upside-down blossom reverses the meaning.


The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says
it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.
		-- E. Hubbard


Don't cook tonight -- starve a rat today!


Ma Bell is a mean mother!


Mount St. Helens should have used earth control.


A woman went into a hospital one day to give birth.  Afterwards, the doctor
came to her and said, "I have some... odd news for you."
	"Is my baby all right?" the woman anxiously asked.
	"Yes, he is," the doctor replied, "but we don't know how.  Your son
(we assume) was born with no body.  He only has a head."
	Well, the doctor was correct.  The Head was alive and well, though no
one knew how.  The Head turned out to be fairly normal, ignoring his lack of
a body, and lived for some time as typical a life as could be expected under
the circumstances.
	One day, about twenty years after the fateful birth, the woman got a
phone call from another doctor.  The doctor said, "I have recently perfected
an operation.  Your son can live a normal life now: we can graft a body onto
his head!"
	The woman, practically weeping with joy, thanked the doctor and hung
up.  She ran up the stairs saying, "Johnny, Johnny, I have a *wonderful*
surprise for you!"
	"Oh no," cried The Head, "not another HAT!"


Prince Absalom lay with his sister
And bundled and nibbled and kissed her,
	But the kid was so tight,
	And it was deep night --
Though he shot at the target, he missed her.


[The members of the Chamberlain government] are decided only to be
undecided, resolved to be irresolute, adamant for drift, all-powerful
for impotency.
		-- Winston Churchill


The only way I can lose this election is if I'm caught in
bed with a dead girl or a live boy.
		-- Edwin Edwards, Louisian governor


Civilization is the limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities.
		-- Mark Twain


Nothing is so firmly believed as that which we least know.
		-- Michel de Montaigne


Great minds run in great circles.


The San Diego Freeway.  Official Parking Lot of the 1984 Olympics!


Rule of Feline Frustration:
	When your cat has fallen asleep on your lap and looks utterly
	content and adorable, you will suddenly have to go to the
	bathroom.


A lifetime isn't nearly long enough to figure out what it's all about.


Real Users know your home telephone number.


So far as I can remember, there is not one word in the Gospels in
praise of intelligence.
		-- Bertrand Russell


You have acquired a scroll entitled 'irk gleknow mizk'(n).--More--

This is an IBM Manual scroll.--More--

You are permanently confused.
		-- Dave Decot


My father was a creole, his father a Negro, and his father a monkey; my
family, it seems, begins where yours left off.
		-- Alexandre Dumas, pere


Buffy:	How do you get to be renowned?  I mean like, do you have to be
	nowned first?
Willow:	Yes.  First there is the painful nowning process.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Freshman"
		   Season 1, Episode 1


Virtue does not always demand a heavy sacrifice --
only the willingness to make it when necessary.
		-- Frederick Dunn


When you don't know what to do, walk fast and look worried.


Life is like a tin of sardines.
We're, all of us, looking for the key.
		-- Beyond the Fringe


The only rose without thorns is friendship.


Q:	What do agnostic, insomniac dyslexics do at night?
A:	Stay awake and wonder if there's a dog.


Exhilaration is that feeling you get just after a great idea hits you,
and just before you realize what is wrong with it.


The reverse side also has a reverse side.
		-- Japanese proverb


Due to a shortage of devoted followers, the
production of great leaders has been discontinued.


The Abrams' Principle:
	The shortest distance between two points is off the wall.


Bennett's Laws of Horticulture:
	(1)  Houses are for people to live in.
	(2)  Gardens are for plants to live in.
	(3)  There is no such thing as a houseplant.


Only the hypocrite is really rotten to the core.
		-- Hannah Arendt


The biggest difference between time and space is that you can't reuse time.
		-- Merrick Furst


Woody: What's happening, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  The question is, Woody, why is it happening to me?
		-- Cheers, Strange Bedfellows, Part 1

Woody: What's going down, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  My cheeks on this barstool.
		-- Cheers, Strange Bedfellows, Part 2

Woody:	Hey, Mr. Peterson, can I pour you a beer?
Norm:	Well, okay, Woody, but be sure to stop me at one. ...
	Eh, make that one-thirty.
		-- Cheers, Strange Bedfellows, Part 2


Have at you!


You have mail.


Support the Girl Scouts!
	(Today's Brownie is tomorrow's Cookie!)


I've never struck a woman in my life, not even my own mother.
		-- W. C. Fields


In a circuit with a fast-acting fuse,
an IC will blow to protect the fuse.


  I. Any body suspended in space will remain in space until made aware of
     its situation.
	Daffy Duck steps off a cliff, expecting further pastureland.  He
	loiters in midair, soliloquizing flippantly, until he chances to
	look down.  At this point, the familiar principle of 32 feet per
	second per second takes over.
 II. Any body in motion will tend to remain in motion until solid matter
     intervenes suddenly.
	Whether shot from a cannon or in hot pursuit on foot, cartoon
	characters are so absolute in their momentum that only a telephone
	pole or an outsize boulder retards their forward motion absolutely.
	Sir Isaac Newton called this sudden termination of motion the
	stooge's surcease.
III. Any body passing through solid matter will leave a perforation
     conforming to its perimeter.
	Also called the silhouette of passage, this phenomenon is the
	speciality of victims of directed-pressure explosions and of reckless
	cowards who are so eager to escape that they exit directly through
	the wall of a house, leaving a cookie-cutout-perfect hole.  The
	threat of skunks or matrimony often catalyzes this reaction.
		-- Esquire, "O'Donnell's Laws of Cartoon Motion", June 1980


Nice guys finish last, but we get to sleep in.
		-- Evan Davis


Free Speech Is The Right To Shout "Theater" In A Crowded Fire.
		-- A Yippie proverb


Most people are unable to write because they are unable to think, and
they are unable to think because they congenitally lack the equipment
to do so, just as they congenitally lack the equipment to fly over the
moon.
		-- H. L. Mencken


A homeowner's reach should exceed his grasp, or what's a weekend for?


Faith is under the left nipple.
		-- Martin Luther


Life is to you a dashing and bold adventure.


Don't quit now, we might just as well
lock the door and throw away the key.


Flee at once, all is discovered.


GREAT MOMENTS IN HISTORY (#7):  April 2, 1751

Isaac Newton becomes discouraged when he falls up a flight of stairs.


The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed
ideas in the mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald


Yeah, but you're taking the universe out of context.


When you dial a wrong number you never get a busy signal.


My family history begins with me, but yours ends with you.
		-- Iphicrates


Farmers in the Iowa State survey rated machinery breakdowns more
stressful than divorce.
		-- Wall Street Journal


It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.


	I went into a bar feeling a little depressed, the bartender said,
"What'll you have, Bud"?
	I said," I don't know, surprise me".
	So he showed me a nude picture of my wife.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


War is an equal opportunity destroyer.


The church saves sinners, but science seeks to stop their manufacture.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


The Tao doesn't take sides;
it gives birth to both wins and losses.
The Guru doesn't take sides;
she welcomes both hackers and lusers.

The Tao is like a stack:
the data changes but not the structure.
the more you use it, the deeper it becomes;
the more you talk of it, the less you understand.

Hold on to the root.


Opportunities are usually disguised as hard
work, so most people don't recognize them.


I used to have a drinking problem.
Now I love the stuff.


I *knew* I had some reason for not logging you off...
If I could just remember what it was.


Arithmetic is being able to count up to twenty without taking off your shoes.
		-- Mickey Mouse


If swimming is so good for your figure, how come whales look the
way they do?


The harder they come, the more important it is to have
an extra-firm mattress.


One girl can be pretty -- but a dozen are only a chorus.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald, "The Last Tycoon"


There's a trick to the Graceful Exit.  It begins with the vision to
recognize when a job, a life stage, a relationship is over -- and to
let go.  It means leaving what's over without denying its validity
or its past importance in our lives.  It involves a sense of future,
a belief that every exit line is an entry, that we are moving on,
rather than out.  The trick of retiring well may be the trick of
living well.  It's hard to recognize that life isn't a holding
action, but a process.  It's hard to learn that we don't leave the
best parts of ourselves behind, back in the dugout or the office.
We own what we learned back there.  The experiences and the growth
are grafted onto our lives.  And when we exit, we can take ourselves
along -- quite gracefully.
		-- Ellen Goodman


Think sideways!
		-- Ed De Bono


Wall Street indices predicted nine out of the last five recessions
		-- Paul A. Samuelson, Nobel laureate in economics
		   (Newsweek, Science and Stocks, 19 Sep. 1966.)


Critic, n.:
	A person who boasts himself hard to please because nobody tries
	to please him.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set:

BBW	Branch Both Ways
BEW	Branch Either Way
BBBF	Branch on Bit Bucket Full
BH	Branch and Hang
BMR	Branch Multiple Registers
BOB	Branch On Bug
BPO	Branch on Power Off
BST	Backspace and Stretch Tape
CDS	Condense and Destroy System
CLBR	Clobber Register
CLBRI	Clobber Register Immediately
CM	Circulate Memory
CMFRM	Come From -- essential for truly structured programming
CPPR	Crumple Printer Paper and Rip
CRN	Convert to Roman Numerals


	"Sheriff, we gotta catch Black Bart."
	"Oh, yeah?  What's he look like?"
	"Well, he's wearin' a paper hat, a paper shirt, paper pants and
paper boots."
	"What's he wanted for?"
	"Rustling."


God must have loved calories, she made so many of them.


Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms
with the victims he intends to eat until he eats them.
		-- Samuel Butler (1835-1902)


Anyone who imagines that all fruits ripen at the same time
as the strawberries, knows nothing about grapes.
		-- Philippus Paracelsus


A woman of generous character will sacrifice her life a thousand times
over for her lover, but will break with him for ever over a question of
pride -- for the opening or the shutting of a door.
		-- Stendhal


The biggest problem with communication is the illusion that it has
occurred.


It is all right to hold a conversation,
but you should let go of it now and then.
		-- Richard Armour


There is only one way to be happy by means of the heart -- to have none.
		-- Paul Bourget


Home is the place where, when you have to go there,
they have to take you in.
		-- Robert Frost, "The Death of the Hired Man"


He who laughs has not yet heard the bad news.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


Patience is long forgotten by convenience in this life.
		-- Carmen Caicedo Giraudy


It is indeed desirable to be well descended,
but the glory belongs to our ancestors.
		-- Plutarch


What do you have when you have six lawyers buried up to their necks in sand?
Not enough sand.


It is idle to attempt to talk a young woman out of her passion:
love does not lie in the ear.
		-- Walpole


The trouble with eating Italian food is that
five or six days later you're hungry again.
		-- George Miller


Programmers used to batch environments may find it hard to live
without giant listings; we would find it hard to use them.
		-- Dennis M. Ritchie


A woman of generous character will sacrifice her life a thousand times
over for her lover, but will break with him for ever over a question of
pride -- for the opening or the shutting of a door.
		-- Stendhal


The problem with graduate students, in general, is that they have
to sleep every few days.


The moon is made of green cheese.
		-- John Heywood


Two Russian friends happen to meet in Red Square.  One of them says, "By
the way, did you hear that Romanov died?"
	"No," replied the other, "I didn't even know he'd been arrested!"


I used to be disgusted, now I find I'm just amused.
		-- Elvis Costello


You are a wish to be here wishing yourself.
		-- Philip Whalen


The absence of labels [in ECL] is probably a good thing.
		-- T. Cheatham


Life is too short to be taken seriously.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Would the last person to leave Michigan please turn out the lights?


Youth had been a habit of hers so long that she could not part with it.


Don't abandon hope: your Tom Mix decoder ring arrives tomorrow.


Q:	How many members of the U.S.S. Enterprise does it take to change a
	light bulb?
A:	Seven.  Scotty has to report to Captain Kirk that the light bulb in
	the Engineering Section is getting dim, at which point Kirk will send
	Bones to pronounce the bulb dead (although he'll immediately claim
	that he's a doctor, not an electrician).  Scotty, after checking
	around, realizes that they have no more new light bulbs, and complains
	that he "canna" see in the dark.  Kirk will make an emergency stop at
	the next uncharted planet, Alpha Regula IV, to procure a light bulb
	from the natives, who, are friendly, but seem to be hiding something.
	Kirk, Spock, Bones, Yeoman Rand and two red shirt security officers
	beam down to the planet, where the two security officers are promptly
	killed by the natives, and the rest of the landing party is captured.
	As something begins to develop between the Captain and Yeoman Rand,
	Scotty, back in orbit, is attacked by a Klingon destroyer and must
	warp out of orbit.  Although badly outgunned, he cripples the Klingon
	and races back to the planet in order to rescue Kirk et. al. who have
	just saved the natives' from an awful fate and, as a reward, been
	given all lightbulbs they can carry.  The new bulb is then inserted
	and the Enterprise continues on its five year mission.


COMPASS [for the CDC-6000 series] is the sort of assembler
one expects from a corporation whose president codes in octal.
		-- J. N. Gray


According to the latest official figures,
43% of all statistics are totally worthless.


Never go to bed mad.  Stay up and fight.
		-- Phyllis Diller, "Phyllis Diller's Housekeeping Hints"


A lost ounce of gold may be found, a lost moment of time never.


Is there life before breakfast?


Meader's Law:
	Whatever happens to you, it will previously
	have happened to everyone you know, only more so.


Sex is a biological function; kissing is a commitment.


An American businessman in London was given special visitor's privileges at an
exclusive men's club.  Striding in one afternoon, the American approached the
only other man in the lounge and tried to strike up a conversation.  "Care
for a cigar?" he asked.
	"No, thank you," the Englishman replied.  "I tried smoking once and
didn't like it."
	"Would you care to join me in the bar for a drink, then?" the
businessman asked.
	"No, thank you.  I tried drinking once and it didn't agree with me."
	"Well, how about a game of billiards?"
	"Sorry.  I tried it once and couldn't seem to get the hang of it."
	As the American started to turn away, the Englishman said, "But my
son will be here shortly, and I'm sure he would enjoy a game with you."
	"Your son?  An only child, I presume."


Don't worry if you're a kleptomaniac,
you can always take something for it.


Q:	Why do mice have such small balls?
A:	Very few of them know how to dance!


Q:	What do you say to a New Yorker with a job?
A:	Big Mac, fries and a Coke, please!


Information is the inverse of entropy.


Don't I know you?


	There was once a programmer who worked upon microprocessors.  "Look at
how well off I am here," he said to a mainframe programmer who came to visit,
"I have my own operating system and file storage device.  I do not have to
share my resources with anyone.  The software is self-consistent and
easy-to-use.  Why do you not quit your present job and join me here?"
	The mainframe programmer then began to describe his system to his
friend, saying: "The mainframe sits like an ancient sage meditating in the
midst of the data center.  Its disk drives lie end-to-end like a great ocean
of machinery.  The software is a multi-faceted as a diamond and as convoluted
as a primeval jungle.  The programs, each unique, move through the system
like a swift-flowing river.  That is why I am happy where I am."
	The microcomputer programmer, upon hearing this, fell silent.  But the
two programmers remained friends until the end of their days.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


"Good health" is merely the slowest rate at which one can die.


My problem lies in reconciling my gross habits with my net income.
		-- Errol Flynn

Any man who has $10,000 left when he dies is a failure.
		-- Errol Flynn


What fools these morals be!


The Gordian Maxim:
If a string has one end, it has another.


In Marseilles they make half the toilet soap we consume in America, but
the Marseillaise only have a vague theoretical idea of its use, which they
have obtained from books of travel.
		-- Mark Twain


panic: kernel trap (ignored)


Bore, n.:
	A guy who wraps up a two-minute idea in a two-hour vocabulary.
		-- Walter Winchell


QOTD:
	"She's about as smart as bait."


For fast-acting relief, try slowing down.


Chess tonight.


Flattery is like cologne -- to be smelled, but not swallowed.
		-- Josh Billings


Psychologist, n.:
	Someone who watches everyone else when an attractive woman walks
	into a room.


User hostile.


YOUR FOAMY FUTURE
	by Miss Fortune

CANCER (Jun 22 - July 22)
	You've been awarded a clean bill of health this month and you feel
you owe it all to the excessive amount of Vitamin B, Iron, and Malt you get
in your beer.  Being healthy is admirable but don't you think you're going
to feel stupid one day lying in a hospital dying of nothing?

LEO (July 23 - August 22)
	You will soon acquire a large sum of money and will be in seventh
heaven as you head to the nearest Liquor Barn and buy all the beer they have
in stock.  Whoever said money couldn't buy happiness didn't know where to
shop.

VIRGO (August 23 - September 22)
	Your late night, beer drinking, "life in the fast lane" parties are
affecting your job production the next morning.  You feel a nine to five job
is not for a "party animal" such as yourself and may feel the need for a
career change.  Just remember, people who work sitting down get paid more
than people who work standing up.


Announcing the NEW VAX 11/782!!

Be the envy of other major Communist Governments!

Defend yourself against the entire ICBM force of the imperialist USA with
just one of the processors, at the same time you're designing missile ICs,
cracking secret NATO codes and editing propaganda for your own people all
at the same time with the other! (Well, you really can't, but the Americans
think you can, and that's the point, right?)


She often gave herself very good advice
(though she very seldom followed it).
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


Optimism is the content of small men in high places.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald, "The Crack Up"


A non-vegetarian anti-abortionist is a contradiction in terms.
		-- Phyllis Schlafly


Pound for pound, the amoeba is the most vicious animal on earth.


One small step for man, one giant stumble for mankind.


"Pathetic," he said.  "That's what it is.  Pathetic."
(crosses stream)
"As I thought," he said, "no better from *this* side."
		-- Eeyore


Epperson's law:
	When a man says it's a silly, childish game, it's probably
	something his wife can beat him at.


Mickey Mouse has a long talk one day with a psychiatrist, after which
the psychiatrist interviews Minnie Mouse.  A few days later Mickey meets
with the psychiatrist, and the following conversation ensues:

Sigmund: I talked with Minnie after talking with you.
Mickey:  Oh?
Sigmund: I couldn't find anything wrong with her -- she isn't insane.
Mickey:  Idiot!  I didn't say she was insane -- I said she was
	 fuckin' Goofy.


Incest, n.:
	Sibling revelry; a sport the whole family can enjoy.


There is nothing wrong with writing ... as long as it
is done in private and you wash your hands afterward.


AQUARIUS (Jan 20 - Feb 18)
	You have an inventive mind and are inclined to be progressive.
	You lie a great deal.  On the other hand, you are inclined to be
	careless and impractical, causing you to make the same mistakes over
	and over again.  People think you are stupid.


If Reagan is the answer, it must have been a VERY silly question.


A people living under the perpetual menace of war and invasion is very easy to
govern.  It demands no social reforms.  It does not haggle over expenditures
on armaments and military equipment.  It pays without discussion, it ruins
itself, and that is an excellent thing for the syndicates of financiers and
manufacturers for whom patriotic terrors are an abundant source of gain.
		-- Anatole France


Sure, Reagan has promised to take senility tests.  But what if he
forgets?


A man's father is very, very old, and the son can't afford very good treatment
for him, so he's in a rather shabby, run-down nursing home.  One day the son
wins a lottery -- and the first thing he does is install his father in the best
old age home that money can buy.
	On the first day the old man is sitting watching TV, and he starts
to lean a little bit to one side.  Right away a nurse runs over and gently
straightens the old man.  A little later he's eating dinner, and when he
finishes, he begins to tip a little bit to one side.  Another nurse runs
over and gently pushes him upright again.
	The son visits his father later that evening and asks him how he's
being treated.
	"It's a wonderful place, son," replies the father.  "I really like
it here, gourmet food, color TV's in every room, the service is unbelievable,
there's just one little problem."
	"What's that, Dad?"
	"They won't let you fart."


I would like to know
What I was fencing in
And what I was fencing out.
		-- Robert Frost


The rose of yore is but a name, mere names are left to us.


Byte your tongue.


Every nonzero finite dimensional inner product space has an orthonormal basis.

It makes sense, when you don't think about it.


Auribus teneo lupum.
[I hold a wolf by the ears.]


	A doctor, an architect, and a computer scientist were arguing about
whose profession was the oldest.  In the course of their arguments, they
got all the way back to the Garden of Eden, whereupon the doctor said, "The
medical profession is clearly the oldest, because Eve was made from Adam's
rib, as the story goes, and that was a simply incredible surgical feat."
	The architect did not agree.  He said, "But if you look at the Garden
itself, in the beginning there was chaos and void, and out of that the Garden
and the world were created.  So God must have been an architect."
	The computer scientist, who'd listened carefully to all of this, then
commented, "Yes, but where do you think the chaos came from?"


Parallel lines never meet, unless you bend one or both of them.


Nature abhors a virgin -- a frozen asset.
		-- Clare Booth Luce


Humility is the first of the virtues -- for other people.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


The Creation of the Universe was made possible by a grant from Texas
Instruments.
		-- Credits from the PBS program "The Creation of the Universe"


You will always have friends
Some friends will peter out.
But I'll always be your friend,
Peter in or peter out.


Gourmet, n.:
	Anyone whom, when you fail to finish something strange or
	revolting, remarks that it's an acquired taste and that you're
	leaving the best part.


If there is a possibility of several things going wrong, the one that
will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong.


Help me, I'm a prisoner in a Fortune cookie file!


Chism's Law of Completion:
	The amount of time required to complete a government project is
	precisely equal to the length of time already spent on it.


Cried Miss Pratt: "What are you staring at?
I know - you don't have to say that!
	All you guys want of me
	Is a poke where I pee,
And it's pounding my ass mighty flat!"


Condoms are like listening to a symphony with cotton in your ears.


Uppers are no longer stylish, methedrine is almost as rare as pure acid
or DMT.  "Consciousness Expansion" went out with LBJ and it is worth
noting, historically, that downers came in with Nixon.
		-- Dr. Hunter S. Thompson


The way to a man's heart is through his
wife's belly, and don't you forget it.
		-- Edward Albee, "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?"


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #18 -- FIFTH

	FIFTH is a precision mathematical language in which the data types
refer to quantity.  The data types range from CC, OUNCE, SHOT, and JIGGER to
FIFTH (hence the name of the language), LITER, MAGNUM and BLOTTO.  Commands
refer to ingredients such as CHABLIS, CHARDONNAY, CABERNET, GIN, VERMOUTH,
VODKA, SCOTCH, BOURBON, and WHATEVERSAROUND.
	The many versions of the FIFTH language reflect the sophistication and
financial status of its users.  Commands in the ELITE dialect include VSOP and
LAFITE, while commands in the GUTTER dialect include HOOTCH, THUNDERBIRD,
RIPPLE and HOUSERED.  The latter is a favorite of frustrated FORTH programmers
who end up using this language.


A priest advised Voltaire on his death bed to renounce the devil.
Replied Voltaire, "This is no time to make new enemies."


What fools these mortals be.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca


Please keep your hands off the secretary's reproducing equipment.


	She said, "I know you ... you cannot sing."
	I said, "That's nothing, you should hear me play piano."
		-- Morrisey


You are absolute plate-glass. I see to the very back of your mind.
		-- Sherlock Holmes


You are dishonest, but never to the point of hurting a friend.


Wharbat darbid yarbou sarbay?


He who findeth sensuous pleasures in the bodies of lush, hot, pink
damsels is not righteous, but he can have a lot more fun.


It is better to wear chains than to believe you are free,
and weight yourself down with invisible chains.


Genetics explains why you look like your father,
and if you don't, why you should.


