Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States.  Ask
any Indian.
		-- Robert Orben

Immigration is the sincerest form of flattery.
		-- Jack Paar


IT IS IN PROCESS:
	So wrapped up in red tape that the situation is almost hopeless.


Break into jail and claim police brutality.


Love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea.


If you ever want to get anywhere in politics, my boy, you're going to
have to get a toehold in the public eye.


Having no talent is no longer enough.
		-- Gore Vidal


	"The Good Ship Enterprise" (to the tune of "The Good Ship Lollipop")

On the good ship Enterprise
Every week there's a new surprise
Where the Romulans lurk
And the Klingons often go berserk.

Yes, the good ship Enterprise
There's excitement anywhere it flies
Where Tribbles play
And Nurse Chapel never gets her way.

	See Captain Kirk standing on the bridge,
	Mr. Spock is at his side.
	The weekly menace, ooh-ooh
	It gets fried, scattered far and wide.

It's the good ship Enterprise
Heading out where danger lies
And you live in dread
If you're wearing a shirt that's red.
		-- Doris Robin and Karen Trimble of The L.A. Filkharmonics


In Tennessee, it is illegal to shoot any game other than whales from a
moving automobile.


DATA:
	An accrual of straws on the backs of theories.


Short people get rained on last.


You will be divorced within a year.


QOTD:
	"What do you mean, you had the dog fixed?  Just what made you
	think he was broken!"


Repartee is something we think of twenty-four hours too late.
		-- Mark Twain


Conceptual integrity in turn dictates that the design must proceed
from one mind, or from a very small number of agreeing resonant minds.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


You have just returned from a trip to Green Bay, Wisconsin in January
and tell your boss that nobody but whores and football players live
there.  He mentions that his wife is from Green Bay.  You:

(a) Pretend you are suffering from amnesia and don't remember your
    name.

(b) Ask what position she played.

(c) Ask if she is still working the streets.


Near the Studio Jean Cocteau
On the Rue des Ecoles
lived an old man
with a blind dog
Every evening I would see him
guiding the dog along
the sidewalk, keeping
a firm grip on the leash
so that the dog wouldn't
run into a passerby
Sometimes the dog would stop
and look up at the sky
Once the old man
noticed me watching the dog
and he said, "Oh, yes,
this one knows
when the moon is out,
he can feel it on his face"
		-- Barry Gifford


It takes a special kind of courage to face what we all have to face.


Beam me up, Scotty!  It ate my phaser!


More are taken in by hope than by cunning.
		-- Vauvenargues


It is better to travel hopefully than to fly Continental.


Who took the MMMMMM out of MURINE?


Why are we importing all these highbrow plays like "Amadeus?"  I could
have told you Mozart was a jerk for nothing.
		-- Ian Shoales


Oatmeal raisin.


My rackets are run on strictly American
lines, and they're going to stay that way.
		-- Al Capone


Worst Month of the Year:
	February.  February has only 28 days in it, which means that if
	you rent an apartment, you are paying for three full days you
	don't get.  Try to avoid Februarys whenever possible.
		-- Steve Rubenstein


Q:	How do you hide an elephant in a cherry tree?
A:	Paint his balls red and his toenails green.

Q:	Ever see an elephant in a cherry tree?
A:	No -- so it must work pretty well!

Q:	How did Tarzan die?
A:	Picking cherries!!!


Three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Even if you persuade me, you won't persuade me.
		-- Aristophanes


Facts are the enemy of truth.
		-- Don Quixote


Nothing increases your golf score like witnesses.


Gay shlafen: Yiddish for "go to sleep".

	Now doesn't "gay shlafen" have a softer, more soothing sound
than the harsh, staccato "go to sleep"?  Listen to the difference:
	"Go to sleep, you little wretch!" ... "Gay shlafen, darling."
Obvious, isn't it?
	Clearly the best thing you can do for you children is to start
speaking Yiddish right now and never speak another word of English as
long as you live.  This will, of course, entail teaching Yiddish to all
your friends, business associates, the people at the supermarket, and
so on, but that's just the point.  It has to start with committed
individuals and then grow ...
	Some minor adjustments will have to be made, of course: those
signs written in what look like Yiddish letters won't be funny when
everything is written in Yiddish.  And we'll have to start driving on
the left side of the road so we won't be reading the street signs
backwards.  But is that too high a price to pay for world peace?  I
think not, my friend, I think not.
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


Paranoia is heightened awareness.


The passionate young thing was having a difficult time getting across what
she wanted from her rather dense boyfriend.  Finally she asked,
	"Would you like to see where I was operated on for appendicitis?"
	"Gosh, no!" he replied.  "I hate hospitals."


Q:	Why did the epileptic cross the road?
A:	He couldn't help it.

Q:	What do you do if an epileptic has a seizure in the bathtub?
A:	Throw in the dirty clothes and some laundry detergent.


You will live to see your grandchildren.


Evolution is as much a fact as the earth turning on its axis and going around
the sun.  At one time this was called the Copernican theory; but, when
evidence for a theory becomes so overwhelming that no informed person can
doubt it, it is customary for scientists to call it a fact.  That all present
life descended from earlier forms, over vast stretches of geologic time, is
as firmly established as Copernican cosmology.  Biologists differ only with
respect to theories about how the process operates.
		-- Martin Gardner, "Irving Kristol and the Facts of Life"


Schmidt's Observation:
	All things being equal, a fat person uses more soap
	than a thin person.


Everything new stalls because there is precedence for the old.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


A watched clock never boils.


DEFAULT:
	The hardware's, of course.


QOTD:
	"I've just learned about his illness.  Let's hope it's nothing
	trivial."


Excessive login messages are a sure sign of senility.


You couldn't even prove the White House
staff sane beyond a reasonable doubt.
		-- Ed Meese, on the Hinckley verdict


One of the disadvantages of having children is that they eventually get old
enough to give you presents they make at school.
		-- Robert Byrne


We ... make the modern error of dignifying the Individual.  We do everything
we can to butter him up.  We give him a name, assure him that he has certain
inalienable rights, educate him, let him pass on his name to his brats and
when he dies we give him a special hole in the ground ... But after all, he's
only  a seed, a bloom and a withering stalk among pressing billions.  Your
Individual is a pretty disgusting, vain, lewd little bastard ... By God,
he has only one right guaranteed him in Nature, and that is the right to die
and stink to Heaven.
		-- Ross Lockridge, quoted in "Short Lives" by Katinka Matson


Every little picofarad has a nanohenry all its own.
		-- Don Vonada


Three things have been difficult to tame: The oceans, fools,
and women. We may soon be able to tame the ocean.  Fools and
women will take a little longer.
		-- Spiro Agnew


One organism, one vote.


Ah, but a man's grasp should exceed his reach,
Or what's a heaven for ?
		-- Robert Browning, "Andrea del Sarto"


Money is truthful.  If a man speaks of his honor, make him pay cash.
		-- Lazarus Long


Many a long dispute between divines may thus be abridged: It is so.  It
is not so.  It is so.  It is not so.
		-- Benjamin Franklin, "Poor Richard's Almanack"


  I. Any body suspended in space will remain in space until made aware of
     its situation.
	Daffy Duck steps off a cliff, expecting further pastureland.  He
	loiters in midair, soliloquizing flippantly, until he chances to
	look down.  At this point, the familiar principle of 32 feet per
	second per second takes over.
 II. Any body in motion will tend to remain in motion until solid matter
     intervenes suddenly.
	Whether shot from a cannon or in hot pursuit on foot, cartoon
	characters are so absolute in their momentum that only a telephone
	pole or an outsize boulder retards their forward motion absolutely.
	Sir Isaac Newton called this sudden termination of motion the
	stooge's surcease.
III. Any body passing through solid matter will leave a perforation
     conforming to its perimeter.
	Also called the silhouette of passage, this phenomenon is the
	speciality of victims of directed-pressure explosions and of reckless
	cowards who are so eager to escape that they exit directly through
	the wall of a house, leaving a cookie-cutout-perfect hole.  The
	threat of skunks or matrimony often catalyzes this reaction.
		-- Esquire, "O'Donnell's Laws of Cartoon Motion", June 1980


Tiger got to hunt,
Bird got to fly;
Man got to sit and wonder, "Why, why, why?"

Tiger got to sleep,
Bird got to land;
Man got to tell himself he understand.
		-- The Books of Bokonon


Buffy:	It was exactly you Will, every detail.  Except for your not being
	a dominatrix, as far as we know.
Willow:	Oh right, me and Oz play, "Mistress of Pain" every night.
Xander:	Did anyone else just go to a scary visual place?
Buffy:	Oh yeah.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Dopplegangland"
		   Season 3, Episode 16


Christianity might be a good thing if anyone ever tried it.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


... C++ offers even more flexible control over the visibility of member
objects and member functions.  Specifically, members may be placed in the
public, private, or protected parts of a class.  Members declared in the
public parts are visible to all clients; members declared in the private
parts are fully encapsulated; and members declared in the protected parts
are visible only to the class itself and its subclasses.  C++ also supports
the notion of *friends*: cooperative classes that are permitted to see each
other's private parts.
		-- Grady Booch, "Object Oriented Design with Applications"


My mind can never know my body, although
it has become quite friendly with my legs.
		-- Woody Allen, on Epistemology


He that bringeth a present, findeth the door open.
		-- Scottish proverb


The Great Movie Posters:

POWERFUL! SHOCKING! RAW! ROUGH! CHALLENGING! SEE A LITTLE GIRL MOLESTED!
		-- Never Take Candy from a Stranger (1963)

She Sins in Mobile --
Marries in Houston --
Loses Her Baby in Dallas --
Leaves Her Husband in Tucson --
MEETS HARRU IN SAN DIEGO!...
FIRST -- HARLOW!
THEN -- MONROE!
NOW -- McCLANAHAN!!!
		-- The Rotten Apple (1963), Rue McClanahan

*NOT FOR SISSIES! DON'T COME IF YOU'RE CHICKEN!
A Horrifying Movie of Weird Beauties and Shocking Monsters...
1001 WEIRDEST SCENES EVER!!  MOST SHOCKING THRILLER OF THE CENTURY!
		-- Teenage Psycho meets Bloody Mary (1964)  (Alternate Title:
		   The Incredibly Strange Creatures Who Stopped Living and
		   Became Mixed Up Zombies)


Real computer scientists don't comment their code.  The identifiers are
so long they can't afford the disk space.


My favorite sandwich is peanut butter, baloney, cheddar cheese, lettuce
and mayonnaise on toasted bread with catsup on the side.
		-- Hubert H. Humphrey


All I know is what the words know, and dead things, and that
makes a handsome little sum, with a beginning and a middle and
an end, as in the well-built phrase and the long sonata of the dead.
		-- Samuel Beckett


Life is like a simile.


*** NEWSFLASH ***
	Russian tanks steamrolling through New Jersey!!!!
	Details at eleven!


What is robbing a bank compared with founding a bank?
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "The Threepenny Opera"


May the Fleas of a Thousand Camels infest one of your Erogenous Zones.


Go out and tell a lie that will make the whole family proud of you.
		-- Cadmus, to Pentheus, in "The Bacchae" by Euripides


If Reagan is the answer, it must have been a VERY silly question.


Pound for pound, the amoeba is the most vicious animal on earth.


Blore's Razor:
	Given a choice between two theories, take the one which is
funnier.


Bahdges?  We don't need no stinkin' bahdges!
		-- "The Treasure of Sierra Madre"


Neil Armstrong tripped.


Doctors and lawyers must go to school for years and years, often with
little sleep and with great sacrifice to their first wives.
		-- Roy G. Blount, Jr.


Men are superior to women.
		-- The Koran


Many years ago in a period commonly known as Next Friday Afternoon,
there lived a King who was very Gloomy on Tuesday mornings because he
was so Sad thinking about how Unhappy he had been on Monday and how
completely Mournful he would be on Wednesday ...
		-- Walt Kelly


Said sneering Mohammed el-Din:
"Only infidel dogs put it in.
	Back home in Arabia
	We nibble the labia
Till the juice dribbles off of our chin."


No Civil War picture ever made a nickel.
		-- MGM executive Irving Thalberg to Louis B. Mayer about
		   film rights to "Gone With the Wind".
		   Cerf/Navasky, "The Experts Speak"


Q:	Why did Captain Kirk piss on the bridge?
A:	He wanted to boldly go where no man had gone before!


BAD CRAZINESS, MAN!!!


Anyone can say "no." It is the first word a child learns and often the
first word he speaks. It is a cheap word because it requires no
explanation, and many men and women have acquired a reputation for
intelligence who know only this word and have used it in place of
thought on every occasion.
		-- Chuck Jones (Warner Bros. animation director.)


It is better to have a positive Wasserman than never to have loved at all.


Seems this guy showed up at a party, and all of his friends jumped for
Joy.  But she sidestepped, and they missed.


The sheep died in the wool.


Generally speaking, you aren't learning much when your lips are moving.


Here comes the orator, with his flood of words and his drop of reason.


When the only tool you have is a hammer, every problem starts to look
like a nail.


Necrophilia, n.:
	Dropping in for a cold one.


Never drink Coca-Cola in a moving elevator.  The elevator's motion coupled
with the chemicals in Coke produce hallucinations. People tend to change
into lizards and attack without warning, and large bats usually fly in the
window.  (Additionally, you begin to believe that elevators have windows.)


Steinbach's Guideline for Systems Programming:
	Never test for an error condition you don't know how to
handle.


Marriage is like twirling a baton, turning handsprings, or eating with
chopsticks.  It looks easy until you try it.


I don't care for the Sugar Smacks commercial.  I don't like the idea of
a frog jumping on my Breakfast.
		-- Lowell, Chicago Reader 10/15/82


Great American Axiom:
	Some is good, more is better, too much is just right.


Never trust anybody whose arm is bigger than your leg.


Common sense is instinct, and enough of it is genius.
		-- Josh Billings


Cocaine is nature's way of telling you you have too much money.


I don't discriminate on the basis of sex.
		-- Bisexuality, 101
		[An equal opportunity lover?  Ed.]


Per buck you get more computing action with the small computer.
		-- R. W. Hamming


Never buy from a rich salesman.
		-- Goldenstern


Epperson's law:
	When a man says it's a silly, childish game, it's probably
	something his wife can beat him at.


Anoint, v.:
	To grease a king or other great functionary already sufficiently
	slippery.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


We was playin' the Homestead Grays in the city of Pitchburgh.  Josh
[Gibson] comes up in the last of the ninth with a man on and us a run
behind.  Well, he hit one.  The Grays waited around and waited around,
but finally the empire rules it ain't comin' down.  So we win.  The
next day, we was disputin' the Grays in Philadelphia when here come
a ball outta the sky right in the glove of the Grays' center fielder.
The empire made the only possible call.  "You're out, boy!" he says
to Josh.  "Yesterday, in Pitchburgh."
		-- Satchel Paige


If you mess with a thing long enough, it'll break.
		-- Schmidt


To generalize is to be an idiot.
		-- William Blake


Your temporary financial embarrassment will
be relieved in a surprising manner.


You will gain money by an illegal action.


Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind.
		-- William Shakespeare


There are no games on this system.


Better hope the life-inspector doesn't come
around while you have your life in such a mess.


Everyone is more or less mad on one point.
		-- Rudyard Kipling


For the fashion of Minas Tirith was such that it was built on seven levels,
each delved into a hill, and about each was set a wall, and in each wall
was a gate.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien, "The Return of the King"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to system overview.]



Kill for the love of killing!  Kill for the love of Kali!
		-- Hindu saying


But since I knew now that I could hope for nothing of greater value than
frivolous pleasures, what point was there in denying myself of them?
		-- M. Proust


I didn't like the play, but I saw it under adverse conditions.
The curtain was up.


The Kosher Dill was invented in 1723 by Joe Kosher and Sam Dill.  It is
the single most popular pickle variety today, enjoyed throughout the free
world by man, woman and child alike.  An astounding 350 billion kosher
dills are eaten each year, averaging out to almost 1/4 pickle per person
per day.  New York Times food critic Mimi Sheraton says "The kosher dill
really changed my life.  I used to enjoy eating McDonald's hamburgers and
drinking Iron City Lite, and then I encountered the kosher dill pickle.
I realized that there was far more to haute cuisine then I'd ever imagined.
And now, just look at me."


Ignore previous fortune.


Mistress, n.:
	Something between a mister and a mattress.


Fairy Tale, n.:
	A horror story to prepare children for the newspapers.


Password:


You'd best be snoozin', 'cause you don't
be gettin' no work done at 5 a.m. anyway.
		-- From the wall of the Wurster Hall stairwell


One of the regular foursome was sick, so a new member named George filled in.
He was good and pleasant company so they asked him to join them again the
following Sunday.
	"9:30 okay?"
	"Fine," George said, "but I may be a few minutes late."
The following Sunday George showed up right on time. Not only that, he played
left-handed and beat them.  They agreed to meet the following Sunday morning.
George was eager to come, but again, mentioned that he might be a few minutes
late.  The next Sunday there was George, punctual to the dot. This time he
played right-handed and beat them again.
	"You on for next Sunday, George?" one of the foursome asked.
	"Sure," George replied, "but I might be a few..."
	Another golfer jumped in. "Wait a minute... You always say you might
be late, but you're always right on time, and you always win, left-handed
*or* right-handed."
	"Well," George replied, rather sheepishly, "that's true, but see, I'm
superstitious.  If my wife is sleeping on her right, when I wake up, I play
right handed.  If she's sleeping on her left side, I play left handed."
	"What if she's lying on her back?"
	George said, "That's when I'm late."


Lysistrata had a good idea.


We are all born equal... just some of us are more equal than others.


Sex and drugs and rock and roll,
Is all my brain and body need.
Sex and drugs and rock and roll,
Are very good indeed.

Take your silly ways,
Throw them out the window,
The wisdom of your ways,
I've been there and I know,
Lots of other ways...
		-- Ian Drury, "New Boots and Panties"


Confidant, confidante, n.:
	One entrusted by A with the secrets of B, confided to himself by C.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


A new supply of round tuits has arrived and are available from Mary.
Anyone who has been putting off work until they got a `round tuit'
now has no excuse for further procrastination.


Never ask the barber if you need a haircut.


Good day to let down old friends who need help.


I could dance till the cows come home.  On second thought, I'd rather
dance with the cows till you come home.
		-- Groucho Marx


A wife lasts only for the length of the marriage, but an ex-wife is there
*for the rest of your life*.
		-- Jim Samuels


Bloom's Seventh Law of Litigation:
	The judge's jokes are always funny.


He who fights and runs away lives to fight another day.


The ultimate game show will be the one
where somebody gets killed at the end.
		-- Chuck Barris, creator of "The Gong Show"


Furious activity is no substitute for understanding.
		-- H. H. Williams


68:
	Do me now and I'll owe you one.


Everybody is given the same amount of hormones, at birth, and
if you want to use yours for growing hair, that's fine with me.


When choosing between two evils, I always
like to take the one I've never tried before.
		-- Mae West, "Klondike Annie"


Chicken Little was right.


Women, deceived by men, want to marry them; it is a kind of revenge
as good as any other.
		-- Philippe De Remi


I *knew* I had some reason for not logging you off...
If I could just remember what it was.


It was a fine, sweet night, the nicest since my divorce, maybe the nicest
since the middle of my marriage.  There was energy, softness, grace and
laughter.  I even took my socks off.  In my circle, that means class.
		-- Andrew Bergman "The Big Kiss-off of 1944"


Well, you got your mules and you got your racehorses, and you can kick
a mule in the ass all you want, and he's still not gonna be a racehorse.
		-- Billy Martin, "Esquire", May, 1984


	The Gray-haired Woman's Complaint

My back aches, my pussy is sore;
I simply can't fuck any more;
	I'm covered with sweat,
	And you haven't come yet,
And my God, it's a quarter to four!


Shit happens.


The disks are getting full; purge a file today.


Our informal mission is to improve the love life of operators worldwide.
		-- Peter Behrendt, president of Exabyte


It is not wise to make love more than once in the morning.
You never know who you'll meet later in the day.


Pickle's Law:
	If Congress must do a painful thing,
	the thing must be done in an odd-number year.


Virtue would go far if vanity did not keep it company.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


Chemicals, n.:
	Noxious substances from which modern foods are made.


MAFIA, n.:
	[Acronym for Mechanized Applications in Forced Insurance
Accounting.] An extensive network with many on-line and offshore
subsystems running under OS, DOS, and IOS.  MAFIA documentation is
rather scanty, and the MAFIA sales office exhibits that testy
reluctance to bona fide inquiries which is the hallmark of so many DP
operations.  From the little that has seeped out, it would appear that
MAFIA operates under a non-standard protocol, OMERTA, a tight-lipped
variant of SNA, in which extended handshakes also perform complex
security functions.  The known timesharing aspects of MAFIA point to a
more than usually autocratic operating system.  Screen prompts carry an
imperative, nonrefusable weighting (most menus offer simple YES/YES
options, defaulting to YES) that precludes indifference or delay.
Uniquely, all editing under MAFIA is performed centrally, using a
powerful rubout feature capable of erasing files, filors, filees, and
entire nodal aggravations.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


Goldfish... what stupid animals.  Even Wayne Cody stops
eating before he bursts.


Any stone in your boot always migrates against the pressure gradient to
exactly the point of most pressure.
		-- Milt Barber


The bad reputation UNIX has gotten is totally undeserved, laid on by
people who don't understand, who have not gotten in there and tried
anything.
		-- Jim Joyce, owner of Jim Joyce's UNIX Bookstore


