Promise her anything, but give her Exxon unleaded.


Nobody said computers were going to be polite.


Dogs just don't seem to be able to tell the difference between important people
and the rest of us.


Do you think that when they asked George Washington for ID that he
just whipped out a quarter?
		-- Steven Wright


All business is based on the mutual trust of one of the parts.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


It is considered normal to consecrate virginity in the
general and lust for its destruction in the particular.


Cthulhu Saves -- in case He's hungry later.


Most people in this society who aren't actively mad are,
at best, reformed or potential lunatics.
		-- Susan Sontag


I don't know why anyone would want a computer in their home.
		-- Ken Olsen, president of DEC, 1974


After all, what is your hosts' purpose in having a party?  Surely not for
you to enjoy yourself; if that were their sole purpose, they'd have simply
sent champagne and women over to your place by taxi.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


The sex was nice, but confusing.  The whole situation kept going di-polar
on Sta-Hi.  One instant Misty would seem like a lovely warm girl who'd
survived a terrible injury, like a lost puppy to be stroked, a lonely
woman to be husbanded.  But then he'd start thinking of the wires behind
her eyes, and he'd be screwing a machine, an inanimate object, a public
toilet.  Just like with any other woman for him, really.
		-- Rudy Rucker, "Software"


Q:	How much does it cost to ride the Unibus?
A:	2 bits.


	Seems George was playing his usual eighteen holes on Saturday
afternoon.  Teeing off from the 17th, he sliced into the rough over near
the edge of the fairway.  Just as he was about to chip out, he noticed a
long funeral procession going past on a nearby street.  Reverently, George
removed his hat and stood at attention until the procession had passed.
Then he continued his game, finishing with a birdie on the eighteenth.
Later, at the clubhouse, a fellow golfer greet George.  "Say, that was a
nice gesture you made today, George.
	"What do you mean?" asked George.
	"Well, it was nice of you to take off your cap and stand
respectfully when that funeral went by," the friend replied.
	"Oh, yes," said George.  "Well, we were married 17 years, you
know."


How comes it to pass, then, that we appear such cowards
in reasoning, and are so afraid to stand the test of ridicule?
		-- A. Cooper


Well, don't worry about it...  It's nothing.
		-- Lieutenant Kermit Tyler (Duty Officer of Shafter Information
		   Center, Hawaii), upon being informed that Private Joseph
		   Lockard had picked up a radar signal of what appeared to be
		   at least 50 planes soaring toward Oahu at almost 180 miles
		   per hour, December 7, 1941.


I have always noticed that whenever a radical takes
to Imperialism, he catches it in a very acute form.
		-- Winston Churchill, 1903


Monday is an awful way to spend one seventh of your life.


Fun Facts, #14:
	In table tennis, whoever gets 21 points first wins.  That's how
	it once was in baseball -- whoever got 21 runs first won.


Any dramatic series the producers want us to take seriously as a
representation of contemporary reality cannot be taken seriously as a
representation of anything -- except a show to be ignored by anyone
capable of sitting upright in a chair and chewing gum simultaneously.
		-- Richard Schickel


Welcome back, my friends, to the show that never ends!
We're so glad you could attend, come inside, come inside!
There behind the glass there's a real blade of grass,
Be careful as you pass, move along, move along.
Come inside, the show's about to start,
Guaranteed to blow your head apart.
Rest assured, you'll get your money's worth,
Greatest show, in heaven, hell or earth!
You gotta see the show!  It's a dynamo!
You gotta see the show!  It's rock 'n' roll!
		-- ELP, "Karn Evil 9" (1st Impression, Part 2)


nohup rm -fr /&


An Englishman never enjoys himself, except for a noble purpose.
		-- A. P. Herbert


Building translators is good clean fun.
		-- T. Cheatham


	"I'll tell ya, Jeb," Wilbur said to his friend, "the tractor
business ain't doin' too well.  I ain't sold one all month.
	"You think you've got problems?" Jeb replied.  "The other day, I went
out to milk Daisy, when she swatted me in the face with her tail, like she
always does.  So I took some twine and tied it to the rafters.  When I sat
down again, she kicked me like she always does.  So I tied her leg to the
side of the stall.  When I started to sit down again, I could see her taking
aim with her other leg, so I tied it to the other side of the stall.  And I'll
tell you what," he continued with a sigh, "if you can convince my wife I was
gonna *milk* that cow, I'll buy a tractor from you!"


CANCER (June 21 - July 22)
	You are sympathetic and understanding of other people's problems.
	They think you are a sucker.  You are always putting things off.
	That's why you'll never make anything of yourself.  Most welfare
	recipients are Cancer people.


Louie Louie, me gotta go
Louie Louie, me gotta go

Fine little girl she waits for me
Me catch the ship for cross the sea
Me sail the ship all alone		Three nights and days me sail the sea
Me never thinks me make it home		Me think of girl constantly
(chorus)				On the ship I dream she there
					I smell the rose in her hair
Me see Jamaica moon above		(chorus, guitar solo)
It won't be long, me see my love
I take her in my arms and then
Me tell her I never leave again
		-- The real words to The Kingsmen's classic "Louie Louie"


Sex is as honest a product benefit for fragrance [perfume] as taste is
for diet Coke.
		-- Malcolm DacDougall


The Sultan was peeved with his harem,
And cooked up a scheme for to scare'em.
	He caught a big mouse
	Which he loosed in the house.
(Such confusion is called harem-scarem).


Have the courage to take your own thoughts
seriously, for they will shape you.
		-- Albert Einstein


Frankly, Scarlett, I don't have a fix.
		-- Rhett Buggler


Unix is a lot more complicated (than CP/M) of course -- the typical Unix
hacker can never remember what the PRINT command is called this week --
but when it gets right down to it, Unix is a glorified video game.
People don't do serious work on Unix systems; they send jokes around the
world on USENET or write adventure games and research papers.
		-- E. Post
		   "Real Programmers Don't Use Pascal", Datamation, 7/83


I can't complain, but sometimes I still do.
		-- Joe Walsh


There's always free cheese in a mousetrap.


Pilfering Treasure property is particularly dangerous: big thieves are
ruthless in punishing little thieves.
		-- Diogenes


The difference between common-sense and paranoia is that common-sense is
thinking everyone is out to get you.  That's normal -- they are.  Paranoia
is thinking that they're conspiring.
		-- J. Kegler


If I made peace with Russia today, I'd only attack her again tomorrow.  I
just couldn't help myself.
		-- Adolf Hitler


Any program which runs right is obsolete.


No man is useless who has a friend,
and if we are loved we are indispensable.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson


ACADEMY:
	A modern school where football is taught.
INSTITUTE:
	An archaic school where football is not taught.


The most important thing in a relationship between a man and a woman
is that one of them be good at taking orders.
		-- Linda Festa


This unit... must... survive.


All life evolves by the differential survival of replicating entities.
		-- Richard Dawkins


Absence makes the heart grow fonder -- of somebody else.


New, adj.:
	Different color from previous model.


	The man standing at the bar (in court, unfortunately) was well-
dressed, alert and obviously intelligent.  The judge asked him how he
pleaded to the charge of rape and, much to the magistrate's surprise, he
replied, "Not guilty by reason of insanity, your Honor."
	"Insanity?" exclaimed the judge.
	"Yes, sir," said the defendant.  "I'm just crazy about it."


It was New Year's Eve and the house was brightly decorated with holiday
trappings.  The only sound that broke the quiet was the click of Grandma's
knitting needles.  The children; Jane, eight and Mary, five, were seated
in front of a cheerily burning fire, leafing through a picture book.
Tiring of this, they went over to Grandma's rocker.  Jane climbed up on
the arm of the chair and Mary snuggled into Grandma's cozy lap.
	"Tell us a story," begged Mary.
	"Oh," said the old lady, laying aside her knitting and wrapping
her arms around the children.  "What story should I tell you?"
	"Tell us our favorite story," whispered little Jane eagerly.
"About the time you were a hooker in Chicago."


	This guy is walking down the beach one fine sunny day, feeling
good, when suddenly he sees this woman with no arms or legs in a wheelchair,
sobbing  like crazy.  He decides to be gallant, "What's wrong, miss?"
	"I...<sob, sniffle>...I'm 21 and I <choke> I've never been kissed...
<sniffle>"
	So this guy, he decides, what the hell, let's cheer up the poor lady.
He leans over and gives her a long wonderful kiss.  This does wonders, and
the woman's face lights up and she grins from ear to ear, and the guy wanders
away feeling wonderful.
	Well, next week, the same guy is walking along the same beach, and
sees the same girl who is once again sobbing her eyes out.  Gallant to the
end, our hero says, "What's wrong, miss, can I help?"
	"I...I'm <sob, sniffle, sniffle> 21 and I've never been fucked..."
	The guy picks her up out of her chair, cuddles her close, and brings
her over to the shore, and throws her into the water.  "Now you're fucked!"


Youth is a disease from which we all recover.
		-- Dorothy Fuldheim


Prince Hamlet thought Uncle a traitor
For having it off with his Mater;
	Revenge Dad or not?
	That's the gist of the plot,
And he did -- nine soliloquies later.
		-- Stanley J. Sharpless


It's never too late to have a happy childhood.


A fool and his money are soon popular.


	Wouldn't the sentence "I want to put a hyphen between the words Fish
and And and And and Chips in my Fish-And-Chips sign" have been clearer if
quotation marks had been placed before Fish, and between Fish and and, and
and and And, and And and and, and and and And, and And and and, and and and
Chips, as well as after Chips?


Think big.
Pollute the Mississippi.


What happens if a big asteroid hits Earth?  Judging from realistic simulations
involving a sledge hammer and a common laboratory frog, we can assume it will
be pretty bad.
		-- Dave Barry


You dialed 5483.


Boston, n.:
	An outdoor Betty Ford Clinic.


Never make anything simple and efficient when a
way can be found to make it complex and wonderful.


The universe is all a spin-off of the Big Bang.


No problem is so formidable that you can't just walk away from it.
		-- C. Schulz


If you aren't rich you should always look useful.
		-- Louis-Ferdinand Celine


If you live to the age of a hundred you have it made
because very few people die past the age of a hundred.
		-- George Burns


America works less, when you say "Union Yes!"


Vidi, vici, veni.
(I saw, I conquered, I came.)


Roses on your piano isn't nearly as good as tulips on your organ.


A man wrapped up in himself makes a very small package.


	Rosenberg wanted to leave the country.  "And what is *your*
reason?" asks the official at the Passport Office.
	"I am told a pogrom is being prepared.  Against the Jews and
the barbers," replies Rosenberg.
	"Why the barbers?"
	"Everybody asks that question.  That's why I want to leave."


Hawkeye's Conclusion:
	It's not easy to play the clown
	when you've got to run the whole circus.


How many weeks are there in a light year?


Matz's Law:
	A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking.


The important thing is not to stop questioning.


First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity, no really
self-respecting woman would take advantage of it.
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "John Bull's Other Island"


I don't know who my grandfather was; I am much
more concerned to know what his grandson will be.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Twenty years of romance make a woman look like a ruin; but
twenty years of marriage make her something like a public building.
		-- Wilde


Barbara's Rules of Bitter Experience:
	(1) When you empty a drawer for his clothes
	    and a shelf for his toiletries, the relationship ends.
	(2) When you finally buy pretty stationary
	    to continue the correspondence, he stops writing.


Two men were sitting over coffee, contemplating the nature of things,
with all due respect for their breakfast.  "I wonder why it is that
toast always falls on the buttered side," said one.
	"Tell me," replied his friend, "why you say such a thing.  Look
at this."  And he dropped his toast on the floor, where it landed on the
dry side.
	"So, what have you to say for your theory now?"
	"What am I to say?  You obviously buttered the wrong side."


One of the major difficulties Trillian experienced in her relationship with
Zaphod was learning to distinguish between him pretending to be stupid just
to get people off their guard, pretending to be stupid because he couldn't
be bothered to think and wanted someone else to do it for him, pretending
to be so outrageously stupid to hide the fact that he actually didn't
understand what was going on, and really being genuinely stupid.  He was
renowned for being quite clever and quite clearly was so -- but not all the
time, which obviously worried him, hence the act.  He preferred people to be
puzzled rather than contemptuous.  This above all appeared to Trillian to be
genuinely stupid, but she could no longer be bothered to argue about.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


To be is to be related.
		-- C. J. Keyser


He gave her a look that you could have poured on a waffle.


