A programmer is a person who passes as an exacting expert on the basis of
being able to turn out, after innumerable punching, an infinite series of
incomprehensible answers calculated with micrometric precisions from vague
assumptions based on debatable figures taken from inconclusive documents
and carried out on instruments of problematical accuracy by persons of
dubious reliability and questionable mentality for the avowed purpose of
annoying and confounding a hopelessly defenseless department that was
unfortunate enough to ask for the information in the first place.
		-- IEEE Grid newsmagazine


Next Friday will not be your lucky day.
As a matter of fact, you don't have a lucky day this year.


A man's house is his hassle.


As flies to wanton boys are we to the gods; they kill us for their sport.
		-- William Shakespeare, "King Lear"


The Fortune Travel Agency offers a special... Vacation in Hell!
	-- Grace Kelly drives you to the airport.
	-- Thurman Munson flies you to a remote tropical island.
	-- Ted Kennedy's your chauffeur on the island.
	-- You go yachting with Natalie Wood.
	-- You have drinks with William Holden.
	-- And Roman Polanski stays at home and watches your kids.


The rain it raineth on the just
And also on the unjust fella:
But chiefly on the just, because
The unjust steals the just's umbrella.
		-- Lord Bowen


The liberals can understand everything but people who don't understand them.
		-- Lenny Bruce


My soul is crushed, my spirit sore
I do not like me anymore,
I cavil, quarrel, grumble, grouse,
I ponder on the narrow house
I shudder at the thought of men
I'm due to fall in love again.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Enough Rope"


To be who one is, is not to be someone else.


My parents went to Niagra Falls and all I got was this crummy life.


"Scott, baby," the sexually aggressive girl murmured as she guided
her date's finger to her clitoris, "This bud's for you."


I'm in Pittsburgh.  Why am I here?
		-- Harold Urey, Nobel Laureate


Imagine me going around with a pot belly.
It would mean political ruin.
		-- Adolf Hitler


All the taxes paid over a lifetime by the average American are spent by
the government in less than a second.
		-- Jim Fiebig


Sometimes it happens.  People just explode.  Natural causes.
		-- Repo Man


The Great Movie Posters:

SEE rebel guerrillas torn apart by trucks!
SEE corpses cut to pieces and fed to dogs and vultures!
SEE the monkey trained to perform nursing duties for her paralyzed owner!
		-- Sweet and Savage (1983)

What a Guy!  What a Gal!  What a Pair!
		-- Stroker Ace (1983)

It's always better when you come again!
		-- Porky's II: The Next Day (1983)

You Don't Have to Go to Texas for a Chainsaw Massacre!
		-- Pieces (1983)


Freedom of the press is for those who happen to own one.


Two men, both close to retirement, are working on the assembly line.  One
boasts to the other, "Last night I made love to my wife *three* times!"
	"Three times!", replies his friend.  "How did you do it?"
	"Well," says the first man, "I made love to my wife and set the
alarm clock for two hours later.  When it went off we made love again.
Then, I reset it for the morning and we made love once more before I came
to work.  I feel like a bull!"
	His friend says, "Well, that *is* fantastic!  I'm going to have
to give it a try."  So, he goes home that night and makes love to his
wife.  Figuring he doesn't need to set the alarm clock, he settles off
to sleep.  Waking up a few hours later, he nudges his wife and they make love
again.  Waking up in the morning he makes love to his wife for the third
time.  Looking over at the clock he realizes that he's twenty minutes late
for work.  He throws on his clothes and runs down to the subway.  When
he gets to the factory his boss is standing there waiting.
	"Frank", he says, "I've been working for you for 18 years, and I've
never been late before.  You've got to forgive me twenty minutes this once!"
	"Well," replies his boss, "okay, but it's not the twenty minutes
that had me worried.  Where were you Tuesday, where were you Wednesday..."


There is no such thing as a free lunch.


A priest advised Voltaire on his death bed to renounce the devil.
Replied Voltaire, "This is no time to make new enemies."


INCENTIVE PROGRAM:
	The system of long and short-term rewards that a corporation uses
	to motivate its people.  Still, despite all the experimentation with
	profit sharing, stock options, and the like, the most effective
	incentive program to date seems to be "Do a good job and you get to
	keep it."


Rating women on the Budweiser scale; the number
of Clydesdales it would take to pull you off her.


A UNIX saleslady, Lenore,
Enjoys work, but she likes the beach more.
	She found a good way
	To combine work and play:
She sells C shells by the seashore.


Who loves not wisely but too well
Will look on Helen's face in hell,
But he whose love is thin and wise
Will view John Knox in Paradise.
		-- Dorothy Parker


	Two longtime friends sipped Scotch in a local bar and talked about
their troubles.  "And on top of everything else," said the first, "my wife
has cut me down to just once a week."
	"That's too bad," agreed his friend, "but it could be worse.  I know
two guys she's cut off altogether.


There's been no top authority saying what marijuana does to you.  I really
don't know that much about it.  I tried it once but it didn't do anything
to me.
		-- John Wayne


The trouble with incest is that it gets you involved with relatives.
		-- George S. Kaufman


Q:	How do you make a dead baby float?
A:	With 2 scoops of dead baby and some rootbeer.


Cold, adj.:
	When your dog sticks to the fire hydrant.


On his way back from work, a driver came upon a horrible wreck in which one
car looked exactly like his neighbor's.  Stopping hurriedly on the side of
the road, he ran toward the smoldering debris.
	"Listen, mister," a policeman said, holding him back, "I can't let
you come any closer."
	"But that may be my friend, Henry, in there," the anguished man
explained.
	"OK, but it's pretty grisly," the cop cautioned.  "There was a
decapitation."
	The policeman reached into the back seat of the demolished car and
pulled forth the head, holding it at arm's length.  "Is this your friend?"
	"That's not him -- thank heavens," the man said.  "Henry's much
taller."


Here I sit, my cheeks a flexin',
Just gave birth to another Texan.


I'm going to Iowa for an award.  Then I'm appearing at Carnegie Hall,
it's sold out.  Then I'm sailing to France to be honored by the French
government -- I'd give it all up for one erection.
		-- Groucho Marx


If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning.
		-- Aristotle Onassis


Anyone taking offence at fortune(s) is desperately lacking beer, in my
extremely humble opinion.
		-- Philip Paeps


Original thought is like original sin: both happened before you were born
to people you could not have possibly met.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


	A lawyer named Strange was shopping for a tombstone.  After he had
made his selection, the stonecutter asked him what inscription he
would like on it.  "Here lies an honest man and a lawyer," responded the
lawyer.
	"Sorry, but I can't do that," replied the stonecutter.  "In this
state, it's against the law to bury two people in the same grave.  However,
I could put `here lies an honest lawyer', if that would be okay."
	"But that won't let people know who it is" protested the lawyer.
	"Certainly will," retorted the stonecutter.  "people will read it
and exclaim, "That's Strange!"


Woody: How are you feeling today, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Poor.
Woody: Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
Norm:  No, I meant `pour'.
		-- Cheers, Strange Bedfellows, Part 3

Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what's the story?
Norm:  Boy meets beer.  Boy drinks beer.  Boy gets another beer.
		-- Cheers, The Proposal

Paul:  Hey Norm, how's the world been treating you?
Norm:  Like a baby treats a diaper.
		-- Cheers, Tan 'n Wash


No guest is so welcome in a friend's house that
he will not become a nuisance after three days.
		-- Titus Maccius Plautus


We're happy little Vegemites,
	As bright as bright can be.
We all enjoy our Vegemite
	For breakfast, lunch and tea.


The fashionable drawing rooms of London have always been happy to accept
outsiders -- if only on their own, albeit undemanding terms.  That is to
say, artists, so long as they are not too talented, men of humble birth,
so long as they have since amassed several million pounds, and socialists
so long as they are Tories.
		-- Christopher Booker


Q:	What do you call a group of kids with low IQs, drinking diet cola,
	eating fruit, and singing?
A:	The Moron Tab and Apple Choir.


Don't steal; thou'lt never thus compete successfully in business.
Cheat.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


Telepression, n.:
	The deep-seated guilt which stems from knowing that you did not
	try hard enough to look up the number on your own and instead
	put the burden on the directory assistant.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


If you are a police dog, where's your badge?
		-- Question James Thurber used to drive his German Shepherd
		   crazy.


The only problem with seeing too much is that it makes you insane.
		-- Phaedrus


Dance is the vertical expression of a horizontal intention.


A rolling stone gathers no moss.
		-- Publilius Syrus


	Three women and Feldstein were brought before the presiding judge.
The women had been arrested for soliciting and he'd been was arrested for
selling ties without a license.  "What do you do for a living?" the judge
asked, pointing at the first girl.
	"Your honor, I'm a model," she replied.
	"Thirty days," was the sentence.  The judge turned to the second
girl.  "What do you do for a living?" he asked.
	"Your honor, I'm an actress."
	"Thirty days."  Then he turned to the third girl.  "And how about
you?" he demanded.
	"Well, your honor, I'm a prostitute.  I'm not proud of it, but it's
the only way I can support my mother and my children since my husband's been
laid off."
	"For telling the truth," he said, "I'm going to suspend sentence.
Furthermore, here's $100 to help your family out."  Now he turns to Feldstein,
arrested for selling ties illegally.  "And you," he said, "what do you do
for a living?"
	"Your honor, I'm a prostitute.  I'm not proud..."


	"Gentlemen of the jury," said the defense attorney, now beginning
to warm to his summation, "the real question here before you is, shall this
beautiful young woman be forced to languish away her loveliest years in a
dark prison cell?  Or shall she be set free to return to her cozy little
apartment at 4134 Mountain Ave. -- there to spend her lonely, loveless hours
in her boudoir, lying beside her little Princess phone, 962-7873?"


I hate quotations.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Do you think your mother and I should have lived
comfortably so long together if ever we had been married?


If everything on the road of life seems to
be coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.


1) X=Y				; Given
2) X^2=XY			; Multiply both sides by X
3) X^2-Y^2=XY-Y^2		; Subtract Y^2 from both sides
4) (X+Y)(X-Y)=Y(X-Y)		; Factor
5) X+Y=Y			; Cancel out (X-Y) term
6) 2Y=Y				; Substitute X for Y, by equation 1
7) 2=1				; Divide both sides by Y
		-- "Omni", proof that 2 equals 1


Ingrate, n.:
	A man who bites the hand that feeds him,
	and then complains of indigestion.


Truth is free, but information costs.


What you don't know won't help you much either.
		-- D. Bennett


	"Darling," he breathed, "after making love I doubt if I'll
be able to get over you -- so would you mind answering the phone?"


Large cats can be dangerous, but a little pussy never hurt anyone.


I tell ya, drugs never worked out for me.  The first time I tried smoking
pot I didn't know what I was doing.  I smoked half the joint, got the
munchies, and ate the other half.

Well, the first time I tried coke I was so embarrassed.  I kept getting the
bottle stuck up my nose.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


Pyro's of the world... IGNITE !!!


Winning isn't everything, but losing isn't anything.


Anyone who cannot cope with mathematics is not fully human.  At best he
is a tolerable subhuman who has learned to wear shoes, bathe and not
make messes in the house.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"


The other day I... uh, no, that wasn't me.
		-- Steven Wright


Q:	What is orange and goes "click, click?"
A:	A ball point carrot.


The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


There are two ways to write error-free
programs; only the third one works.


Gimme that old bisexuality,
Gimme that old bisexuality,
Gimme that old bisexuality,
'Cause it's good enough for me!

It was good for David Bowie,
It was good for David Bowie,
It was good for David Bowie,
And it's good enough for me!


Lockwood's Long Shot:
	The chances of getting eaten up by a lion on Main Street
	aren't one in a million, but once would be enough.


Churchill's Commentary on Man:
	Man will occasionally stumble over the truth,
	but most of the time he will pick himself up and continue on.


The attractive and grief-stricken widow had been living in seclusion at the
home of her deceased husband's younger brother for several weeks.  One evening,
when she could no longer control her emotions, she barged into her brother-in-
law's study and pleaded, "James, I want you to take off my dress."  Shyly,
the brother-in-law did as she requested.  "Now," she continued, "take off my
slip."  He again complied.  "And now," she said, with a slight blush, "remove
my panties and bra."  Once more James obeyed her command.
	Then, regaining her composure, she stared directly at the young man
and boldly announced, "I have only one more request, James.  Don't ever let
me catch you wearing my things again."


A bug in the hand is better than one as yet undetected.


Abbott's Admonitions:
	1: If you have to ask, you're not entitled to know.
	2: If you don't like the answer, you shouldn't have asked
		the question.
		-- Charles Abbot, dean, University of Virginia


Bacon's not the only thing that's cured by hanging from a string.


If you go parachuting, and your parachute doesn't open, and your friends are
all watching you fall, I think a funny gag would be to pretend you were
swimming.
		-- Jack Handey


My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.


As you will see, I told them, in no uncertain terms, to see Figure one.
		-- Dave "First Strike" Pare


	If I kiss you, that is a psychological interaction.
	On the other hand, if I hit you over the head with a brick,
that is also a psychological interaction.
	The difference is that one is friendly and the other is not
so friendly.
	The crucial point is if you can tell which is which.
		-- Dolph Sharp, "I'm O.K., You're Not So Hot"


They're only trying to make me LOOK paranoid!


The History of every major Galactic Civilization tends to pass through
three distinct and recognizable phases, those of Survival, Inquiry, and
Sophistication, otherwise known as the How, Why, and Where phases.  For
instance, the first phase is characterized by the question "How can we
eat?" the second by "Why do we eat?" and the third by "Where shall we
have lunch?".
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the End of the Universe"


If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library?
		-- Lily Tomlin


Never try to outstubborn a cat.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"


Thirty white horses on a red hill,
First they champ,
Then they stamp,
Then they stand still.
		-- Tolkien


Let me tell you who the actual "front-runners" are.  On one side, you have
George Bush, who is currently going through a sort of fraternity hazing
wherein he has to perform a series of humiliating stunts to win the approval
of the Republican Right.  For example, they had him make a speech oozing
praise all over William Loeb, deceased publisher of the Manchester (N.H.)
Union Leader and Slime Journalist.  Loeb had dumped viciously all over George
in the 1980 New Hampshire primary.  But when the Right held a big tribute
for Loeb, George came back to the fold, like a man with a bungee cord wrapped
around his neck.
		-- Dave Barry


Sex is like a bridge game.
If you have a good hand no partner is needed.


May the fleas of a thousand camels infest your armpits.


My mothers are wholly ignorant of the almost universal prevalence of secret
vice, or self-abuse, among the young.  Why hesitate to say firmly and without
quibble that personal abuse lies at the root of much of the feebleness,
paleness, nervousness, and good-for-nothingness of the entire community?
		-- Dr. J.H. Kellogg, "The Ladies Guide", Modern Medicine
		   Publishing Company, 1895.  Dr. Kellogg helped invent
		   corn flakes and peanut butter.  In addition to denouncing
		   masturbation, he believed that smoking caused cancer and
		   that certain ailments could be cured by rolling a
		   cannonball on the stomach.


... computer hardware progress is so fast.  No other technology since
civilization began has seen six orders of magnitude in performance-price
gain in 30 years.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr.


Those who sweat in flames of hell,	Leaden eared, some thought their bowels
Here's the reason that they fell:	Lispeth forth the sweetest vowels.
While on earth they prayed in SAS,	These they offered up in praise
PL/1, or other crass,			Thinking all this fetid haze
Vulgar tongue.				A rhapsody sung.

Some the lord did sorely try		Jabber of the mindless horde
Assembling all their pleas in hex.	Sequel next did mock the lord
Speech as crabbed as devil's crable	Slothful sequel so enfangled
Hex that marked on Tower Babel		Its speaker's lips became entangled
The highest rung.			In his bung.

Because in life they prayed so ill
And offered god such swinish swill
Now they sweat in flames of hell
Sweat from lack of APL
Sweat dung!


I never met a piece of chocolate I didn't like.


Hear about...
	the girl who called her boyfriend Amaretto, 'cause he was
	such a sweet liquor?


I prefer the most unjust peace to the most righteous war.
		-- Cicero

Even peace may be purchased at too high a price.
		-- Poor Richard


A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
		-- Lao Tsu


Sex and drugs and rock and roll,
Is all my brain and body need.
Sex and drugs and rock and roll,
Are very good indeed.

Take your silly ways,
Throw them out the window,
The wisdom of your ways,
I've been there and I know,
Lots of other ways...
		-- Ian Drury, "New Boots and Panties"


One girl can be pretty -- but a dozen are only a chorus.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald, "The Last Tycoon"


Wonderful day.
Your hangover just makes it seem terrible.


	So Richard and I decided to try to catch [the small shark].  With
a great deal of strategy and effort and shouting, we managed to maneuver
the shark, over the course of about a half-hour, to a sort of corner of the
lagoon, so that it had no way to escape other than to flop up onto the land
and evolve.  Richard and I were inching toward it, sort of crouched over,
when all of a sudden it turned around and -- I can still remember the
sensation I felt at that moment, primarily in the armpit area -- headed
right straight toward us.
	Many people would have panicked at this point.  But Richard and I
were not "many people."  We were experienced waders, and we kept our heads.
We did exactly what the textbook says you should do when you're unarmed and
a shark that is nearly two feet long turns on you in water up to your lower
calves: We sprinted I would say 600 yards in the opposite direction, using
a sprinting style such that the bottoms of our feet never once went below
the surface of the water.  We ran all the way to the far shore, and if we
had been in a Warner Brothers cartoon we would have run right INTO the beach,
and you would have seen these two mounds of sand racing across the island
until they bonked into trees and coconuts fell onto their heads.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wonders of Sharks on TV"


Two men were standing around talking while nearby a large German Shepherd
lay licking his balls.  One man says to the other, "Damn, I wish I could
do that."
	The other man replies, "Well, it's okay by me, but I think you
ought to get to know him a little first."


