Bozo is the Brotherhood of Zips and Others.  Bozos are people who band
together for fun and profit.  They have no jobs.  Anybody who goes on a
tour is a Bozo. Why does a Bozo cross the street?  Because there's a Bozo
on the other side. It comes from the phrase vos otros, meaning others.
They're the huge, fat, middle waist.  The archetype is an Irish drunk
clown with red hair and nose, and pale skin.  Fields, William Bendix.
Everybody tends to drift toward Bozoness.  It has Oz in it.  They mean
well.  They're straight-looking except they've got inflatable shoes.  They
like their comforts.  The Bozos have learned to enjoy their free time,
which is all the time.
		-- The Firesign Theatre, "If Bees Lived Inside Your Head"


Odets, where is thy sting?
		-- George S. Kaufman


For thee the wonder-working earth puts forth sweet flowers.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


Don't wake me up too soon...
Gonna take a ride across the moon...
You and me.


The herd instinct among economists
makes sheep look like independent thinkers.


There is in certain living souls
A quality of loneliness unspeakable,
So great it must be shared
As company is shared by lesser beings.
Such a loneliness is mine; so know by this
That in immensity
There is one lonelier than you.


The main problem I have with cats is, they're not dogs.
		-- Kevin Cowherd


If you could only get that wonderful feeling of
accomplishment without having to accomplish anything.


With every passing hour our solar system comes forty-three thousand
miles closer to globular cluster M13 in the constellation Hercules,
and still there are some misfits who continue to insist that there
is no such thing as progress.
		-- Ransom K. Ferm


Religion is a crutch, but that's okay... humanity is a cripple.


A raccoon tangled with a 23,000 volt line today.  The results
blacked out 1400 homes and, of course, one raccoon.
		-- Steel City News


Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go
away.
		-- Philip K. Dick


There is never enough time to do it right the first time, but there is
always enough time to do it over.


If we won't stand together, we don't stand a chance.


QOTD:
	"It's a cold bowl of chili, when love don't work out."


Don't relax!  It's only your tension that's holding you together.


They will only cause the lower classes to move about needlessly.
		-- The Duke of Wellington, on early steam railroads


Never speak ill of yourself, your friends will always say enough on
that subject.
		-- Charles-Maurice De Talleyrand


Volcanoes have a grandeur that is grim
And earthquakes only terrify the dolts,
And to him who's scientific
There is nothing that's terrific
In the pattern of a flight of thunderbolts!
		-- W. S. Gilbert, "The Mikado"


Murphy's Laws:
	(1) If anything can go wrong, it will.
	(2) Nothing is as easy as it looks.
	(3) Everything takes longer than you think it will.


Washington [D.C.] is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm.
		-- John F. Kennedy


If you live to the age of a hundred you have it made
because very few people die past the age of a hundred.
		-- George Burns


Missed the train at the railway station
Oh hell, blast, and damnation!
Asked a lady in there if she had the time,
She said "Yes", and a strong inclination.


Sorry, no fortune this time.


Zero Defects, n.:
	The result of shutting down a production line.


It's hard to outrun dead people because they don't have to breathe.
		-- Hokey, describing "Night of the Living Dead"


Folks, what can I tell you about my next guest.  This cat allowed himself
to be adored, but not loved. And his success in show business was matched
by failure in his personal relationship bag, now that's where he really
bombed.  And he came to believe that work, show business, love, his whole
life, even himself and all that jazz was bullshit.  He became numero uno
gameplayer.  Uh, to the point where he didn't know where the games ended
and the reality began.  Like to this cat, the only reality... is death, man.
Ladies and gentlemen, let me lay on you, a so-so entertainer, not much of
a humanitarian, and this cat was never nobody's friend.  In his final
appearance on the great stage of life, uh, you can applaud if you want to,
Mr. Joe Gideon!!
		-- All That Jazz


Damned if I know.  And you can be fuckin' sure I'll never rent no car
from Avis again.
		-- Herbie Sperling, on the meaning of two pistols and an
		   axe used in three murders being found in the trunk of
		   his rented car.


Didja hear about the dyslexic devil worshiper who sold his soul to Santa?


Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
		-- Mark Twain


Your files are now being encrypted and thrown into the bit bucket.
EOF


A mouse is an elephant built by the Japanese.


First things first -- but not necessarily in that order.
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


When I was younger, I could remember anything, whether it had happened
or not; but my faculties are decaying now and soon I shall be so I cannot
remember any but the things that never happened.  It is sad to go to
pieces like this but we all have to do it.
		-- Mark Twain


In Devon, Connecticut, it is unlawful to walk backwards after sunset.


Volcanoes have a grandeur that is grim
And earthquakes only terrify the dolts,
And to him who's scientific
There is nothing that's terrific
In the pattern of a flight of thunderbolts!
		-- W. S. Gilbert, "The Mikado"


Never buy from a rich salesman.
		-- Goldenstern


Q:	Why don't blind people skydive?
A:	It scares the dogs!

Q:	How can a blind skydiver tell when he is near the ground?
A:	The leash goes slack.


Tyger, Tyger, burning bright		Where the hammer?  Where the chain?
In the forests of the night,		In what furnace was thy brain?
What immortal hand or eye		What the anvil?  What dread grasp
Dare frame thy fearful symmetry?	Dare its deadly terrors clasp?

Burnt in distant deeps or skies		When the stars threw down their spears
The cruel fire of thine eyes?		And water'd heaven with their tears
On what wings dare he aspire?		Dare he laugh his work to see?
What the hand dare seize the fire?	Dare he who made the lamb make thee?

And what shoulder & what art		Tyger, Tyger, burning bright
Could twist the sinews of they heart?	In the forests of the night,
And when thy heart began to beat	What immortal hand or eye
What dread hand & what dread feet	Dare frame thy fearful symmetry?

Could fetch it from the furnace deep
And in thy horrid ribs dare steep
In the well of sanguine woe?
In what clay & in what mould
Were thy eyes of fury roll'd?
		-- William Blake, "The Tyger"


It just doesn't seem right to go over the river and through the woods
to Grandmother's condo.


Oh what a tangled web we weave, when first we practice to deceive.
		-- William Shakespeare


Some people seem to think that "damn" is God's last name.


It is amusing that a virtue is made of the vice of chastity; and it's a
pretty odd sort of chastity at that, which leads men straight into the
sin of Onan, and girls to the waning of their color.
		-- Voltaire


Q:	Why did Hellen Keller go all the way on her first date?
A:	She'd never been taught to say no.


Before really embarking on a sizeable project, in particular before
starting the large investment of coding, try to kill the project
first.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, EWD1308


Q:	How does a mink get babies?
A:	The same way babies get minks.


LIBERAL:
	Someone too poor to be a capitalist and too rich to be a communist.


Dyslexics have more fnu.


Chaos is King and Magic is loose in the world.


Christ died for our sins.  Dare we make his martyrdom meaningless by not
committing them?
		-- Jules Feiffer


	Everyone in the smart nightclub was amazed by the old gentleman,
obviously pushing 70, tossing off manhattans and cavorting around the dance
floor like a 20-year old.  Finally curiosity got the best of the cigarette
girl.  "I beg your pardon, sir," she said, "but I'm amazed to see a gentleman
of your age living it up like a youngster.  Tell me, are all of your faculties
unimpaired?"
	The old fellow looked up at the girl sadly and shook his head.  "Not
all, I'm afraid." he said.  "Just last evening I went nightclubbing with a
girlfriend -- we drank and danced all night and finally rolled into her place
about two A.M.  We went to bed immediately, and I was asleep almost as soon
as my head hit the pillow.  I woke around three-thirty and nudged my girl."
	"Why, George," she said in surprise, "we did that fifteen minutes ago."
	"So you see," the old boy said sadly, "my memory is beginning to
fail me."


He played smooch and stinkfinger with Daisy
Till this virgin was gotch-eyed and hazy.
	Then his gargantuan pole in
	Her pink, tight, and swollen
Young cunt just about drove her crazy.


Be careful when a loop exits to the same place from side and bottom.


	At his sentencing, Herbie Sperling proved that he was the all-time
stand-up guy.
	Sperling's lawyer made a lengthy, impassioned plea for his client.
He talked of mercy, justice, humanity to fellow men who have chosen the wrong
path.  Yes, the crimes were serious, yes, Mr. Sperling deserves a prison
sentence, but the maximum sentence was not warranted.
	Then the judge turned to Sperling.  "Mr. Sperling, is there anything
you wish to say?"
	"Yes, Your Honor.  If you think I'm going to beg for mercy, you've
got another think coming.  You're all a bunch of fucking fascist cocksuckers,
you can all go to hell, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you..."
		-- Gregory Wallace, "Papa's Game"


You are a wish to be here wishing yourself.
		-- Philip Whalen


Forecast, n.:
	A prediction of the future, based on the past, for
	which the forecaster demands payment in the present.


It is against the grain of modern education to teach children to program.
What fun is there in making plans, acquiring discipline in organizing
thoughts, devoting attention to detail, and learning to be self-critical?
		-- Alan J. Perlis


Dear Freshman,
	You don't know who I am and frankly shouldn't care, but
unknown to you we have something in common.  We are both rather
prone to mistakes.  I was elected Student Government President by
mistake, and you came to school here by mistake.


Why don't you fix your little problem... and light this candle?
		-- Alan Shepard, the first American into space, Gemini program


Fremen add life to spice!


Chaste makes waste.


Yeah, there are more important things in life than money,
but they won't go out with you if you don't have any.


AUTHENTIC:
	Indubitably true, in somebody's opinion.


People who fight fire with fire usually end up with ashes.
		-- Abigail Van Buren


Anybody can win, unless there happens to be a second entry.


Near the Studio Jean Cocteau
On the Rue des Ecoles
lived an old man
with a blind dog
Every evening I would see him
guiding the dog along
the sidewalk, keeping
a firm grip on the leash
so that the dog wouldn't
run into a passerby
Sometimes the dog would stop
and look up at the sky
Once the old man
noticed me watching the dog
and he said, "Oh, yes,
this one knows
when the moon is out,
he can feel it on his face"
		-- Barry Gifford


Love is the delusion that one woman differs from another.
		-- H. L. Mencken


One day a city dweller decided to take a ride in the country.  He hopped
into his sportscar, wandered along the highway for a while and then exited
to some very rural dirt roads in the middle of farm country.  After awhile,
he came across a farmer who clearly working his fields.  The funny thing was,
the farmer didn't seem to be wearing any pants.  The man got out of his car
and approached the farmer.
	"Hey, buddy," he asked, "how come you're not wearing any clothes?"
	Replied the farmer, "Well, boy, th' other day I was out a-workin'
in the fields, an' I plum fergot t' wear mah shirt.  Got back to th' house
that night, and mah neck was stiffer than an oak-wood board.  This here's
mah wife's idea."


Well, see, I was out with this chick last night, and we were in bed, and
she groaned to me, "Give me nine inches, and make it hurt!"  So, I fucked
her twice and slapped her.


Advertising is the rattling of a stick inside a swill bucket.
		-- George Orwell


A lot of people I know believe in positive thinking,
and so do I.  I believe everything positively stinks.
		-- Lew Col


Yeah, that's me, Tracer Bullet.  I've got eight slugs in me.  One's lead,
the rest bourbon.  The drink packs a wallop, and I pack a revolver.  I'm
a private eye.
		-- Calvin


Passion is that funny feeling that drives a man to
bite a woman's neck because she has beautiful legs.


Quigley's Law:
	Whoever has any authority over you,
	no matter how small, will attempt to use it.


	"How'd you get that flat?"
	"Ran over a bottle."
	"Didn't you see it?"
	"Damn kid had it under his coat."


There's nothing remarkable about it.  All one has to do is hit the right
keys at the right time and the instrument plays itself.
		-- J. S. Bach


Anyone who has attended a USENIX conference in a fancy hotel can tell you
that a sentence like "You're one of those computer people, aren't you?"
is roughly equivalent to "Look, another amazingly mobile form of slime
mold!" in the mouth of a hotel cocktail waitress.
		-- Elizabeth Zwicky


Q:	What's a WASP's idea of open-mindedness?
A:	Dating a Canadian.


If you didn't have to work so hard,
you'd have more time to be depressed.


All the evidence concerning the universe
has not yet been collected, so there's still hope.


I don't care how poor and inefficient a little country is; they like to
run their own business.  I know men that would make my wife a better
husband than I am; but, darn it, I'm not going to give her to 'em.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


I am of the belief that catnip arrived on the planet in the same spaceship
that delivered cats. It is the only thing they have from their home
planet. Tuna, chicken, sparrow-brains, etc., these are all things of our
world that they like, but catnip is crack from home.
		-- Bill Cole


Mental things which have not gone in through the
senses are vain and bring forth no truth except detrimental.
		-- Leonardo


Hey, diddle, diddle the overflow pdl
To get a little more stack;
If that's not enough then you lose it all
And have to pop all the way back.


Progress means replacing a theory that
is wrong with one more subtly wrong.


QOTD:
	"How can I miss you if you won't go away?"


Chihuahuas drive me crazy.  I can't stand anything that
shivers when it's warm.


	Eugene d'Albert, a noted German composer, was married six times.
At an evening reception which he attended with his fifth wife shortly
after their wedding, he presented the lady to a friend who said politely,
"Congratulations, Herr d'Albert; you have rarely introduced me to so
charming a wife."


APHASIA:
	Loss of speech in social scientists when asked
	at parties, "But of what use is your research?"


Clone, n.:
	1. An exact duplicate, as in "our product is a clone of their
	product."  2. A shoddy, spurious copy, as in "their product
	is a clone of our product."


Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.
		-- Oscar Wilde


The best prophet of the future is the past.


Dow's Law:
	In a hierarchical organization,
	the higher the level, the greater the confusion.


Any road followed to its end leads precisely nowhere.
Climb the mountain just a little to test it's a mountain.
From the top of the mountain, you cannot see the mountain.
		-- Bene Gesserit proverb, "Dune"


If you perceive that there are four possible ways in which a procedure
can go wrong, and circumvent these, then a fifth way will promptly
develop.


When it is not necessary to make a decision,
it is necessary not to make a decision.


No one gets sick on Wednesdays.


In science it often happens that scientists say, "You know that's a really
good argument; my position is mistaken," and then they actually change
their minds and you never hear that old view from them again.  They really
do it.  It doesn't happen as often as it should, because scientists are
human and change is sometimes painful.  But it happens every day.  I cannot
recall the last time something like that happened in politics or religion.
		-- Carl Sagan, 1987 CSICOP keynote address


An idealist is one who helps the other fellow to make a profit.
		-- Henry Ford


Never settle with words what you can accomplish with a flame thrower.


I'm very good at integral and differential calculus,
I know the scientific names of beings animalculous;
In short, in matters vegetable, animal, and mineral,
I am the very model of a modern Major-General.
		-- Gilbert & Sullivan, "The Pirates of Penzance"


Necessity is a mother.


There is a limit to the admiration we may hold for a man who spends
his waking hours poking the contents of chickens with a stick.
		-- Tom Robbins, "Jitterbug Perfume"


	There was a knock on the door.  Mrs. Miffin opened it.  "Are
you the Widow Miffin?" a small boy asked.
	"I'm Mrs. Miffin," she replied, "but I'm not a widow."
	"Oh, no?" replied the little boy.  "Wait 'til you see what
they're carrying upstairs!"


Life is like bein' on a mule team.  Unless you're
the lead mule, all the scenery looks about the same.


Q:	Heard about the <ethnic> who couldn't spell?
A:	He spent the night in a warehouse.


QOTD:
	"I used to go to UCLA, but then my Dad got a job."


The Right Honorable Gentleman is indebted to his memory for his jests
and to his imagination for his facts.
		-- Sheridan


It is contrary to reasoning to say that there
is a vacuum or space in which there is absolutely nothing.
		-- Rene Descartes


Oh this age!  How tasteless and ill-bred it is.
		-- Gaius Valerius Catullus


A penny saved kills your career in government.


Life is like an analogy.


The famous politician was trying to save both his faces.


The forest is safe because a lion lives therein and the lion is safe
because it lives in a forest.  Likewise the friendship of persons
rests on mutual help.
		-- Laukikanyay


Man is the only animal that laughs and weeps;
for he is the only animal that is struck with the
difference between what things are and what they ought to be.
		-- William Hazlitt


Gardeners do it in raised beds.


The perfect man is the true partner.  Not a bed partner nor a fun partner,
but a man who will shoulder burdens equally with [you] and possess that
quality of joy.
		-- Erica Jong


To doubt everything or to believe everything are two equally
convenient solutions; both dispense with the necessity of reflection.
		-- H. Poincare


It's not an optical illusion, it just looks like one.
		-- Phil White


	Risch's decision procedure for integration, not surprisingly,
uses a recursion on the number and type of the extensions from the
rational functions needed to represent the integrand.  Although the
algorithm follows and critically depends upon the appropriate structure
of the input, as in the case of multivariate factorization, we cannot
claim that the algorithm is a natural one.  In fact, the creator of
differential algebra, Ritt, committed suicide in the early 1950's,
largely, it is claimed, because few paid attention to his work.  Probably
he would have received more attention had he obtained the algorithm as
well.
		-- Joel Moses, "Algorithms and Complexity", ed. J. F. Traub


Two nuns, a mother superior and a new nun, are walking home one night from
church when they are attacked by two vicious rapists.  The two men drag the
nuns off into the bushes and proceed to have their way with them.  The mother
superior is very afraid, but she knows that God will protect her.  To show her
strength and trust in God she yells out "Forgive him Father, for he knows not
what he does!"
	To which the young nun replies "Oooooh, mine does!!"


Tout choses sont dites deja, mais comme
personne n'ecoute, il faut toujours recommencer.
		-- A. Gide


Hear about...
	the guy who was an incurable romantic until penicillin came along?


I've already told you more than I know.


America works less, when you say "Union Yes!"


Listen, there is no courage or any extra courage that I know of to find out
the right thing to do.  Now, it is not only necessary to do the right thing,
but to do it in the right way and the only problem you have is what is the
right thing to do and what is the right way to do it.  That is the problem.
But this economy of ours is not so simple that it obeys to the opinion of
bias or the pronouncements of any particular individual, even to the President.
This is an economy that is made up of 173 million people, and it reflects
their desires, they're ready to buy, they're ready to spend, it is a thing
that is too complex and too big to be affected adversely or advantageously
just by a few words or any particular -- say, a little this and that, or even
a panacea so alleged.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower, in response to: "Has the
		   government been lacking in courage and boldness in
		   facing up to the recession?"


Psychiatry is quite similar to prostitution, only less honest.  They
both promise to make people feel better, but the prostitute doesn't
make pretensions that the feelings will last once the client walks
out the door.


Old mercenaries never die.  They go to hell and regroup.


As he had feared, his orders had been forgotten and everyone had brought
the potato salad.


You climb to reach the summit, but once
there, discover that all roads lead down.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "The Cyberiad"


ISO applications:
	A solution in search of a problem!


When taxes are due, Americans tend to feel quite bled-white and blue.


If this fortune didn't exist, somebody would have invented it.


Inglish Spocken Hier: some mangled translations

	Various signs in Poland:

		Right turn toward immediate outside.

		Go soothingly in the snow, as there lurk the ski demons.

		Five o'clock tea at all hours.

	In a men's washroom in Sidney:

		Shake excess water from hands, push button to start,
		rub hands rapidly under air outlet and wipe hands
		on front of shirt.

		-- Colin Bowles, San Francisco Chronicle


Moishe Margolies, who weighed all of 105 pounds and stood an even five feet
in his socks, was taking his first airplane trip. He took a seat next to a
hulking bruiser of a man who happened to be the heavyweight champion of
the world.  Little Moishe was uneasy enough before he even entered the plane,
but now the roar of the engines and the great height absolutely terrified him.
So frightened did he become that his stomach turned over and he threw up all
over the muscular giant siting beside him.  Fortunately, at least for Moishe,
the man was sound asleep.  But now the little man had another problem.  How in
the world would he ever explain the situation to the burly brute when he
awakened?  The sudden voice of the stewardess on the plane's intercom, finally
woke the bruiser, and Moishe, his heart in his mouth, rose to the occasion.
	"Feeling better now?" he asked solicitously.


Emacs, n.:
	A slow-moving parody of a text editor.


<< WAIT >>


System going down in 5 minutes.


Quigley's Law:
	Whoever has any authority over you,
	no matter how small, will attempt to use it.


From the Pro 350 Pocket Service Guide, p. 49, Step 5 of the
instructions on removing an I/O board from the card cage, comes a new
experience in sound:

	5.  Turn the handle to the right 90 degrees.  The pin-spreading
	    sound is normal for this type of connector.


There were the Scots
Who kept the Sabbath
And everything else they could lay their hands on.
Then there were the Welsh
Who prayed on their knees and their neighbors.
Thirdly there were the Irish
Who never knew what they wanted
But were willing to fight for it anyway.
Lastly there were the English
Who considered themselves a self-made nation
Thus relieving the Almighty of a dreadful responsibility.


You never get a second chance to make a first impression.


Strategy:
	A long-range plan whose merit cannot be evaluated until sometime
	after those creating it have left the organization.


Would that my hand were as swift as my tongue.
		-- Alfieri


"Creation science" has not entered the curriculum for a reason so simple
and so basic that we often forget to mention it: because it is false, and
because good teachers understand exactly why it is false.  What could be
more destructive of that most fragile yet most precious commodity in our
entire intellectual heritage -- good teaching -- than a bill forcing
honorable teachers to sully their sacred trust by granting equal treatment
to a doctrine not only known to be false, but calculated to undermine any
general understanding of science as an enterprise?
		-- Stephen Jay Gould, "The Skeptical Inquirer"


When you go into court you are putting your fate into the hands of twelve
people who weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty.
		-- Norm Crosby


APL hackers take all they want.


Christmas time is here, by Golly;	Kill the turkeys, ducks and chickens;
Disapproval would be folly;		Mix the punch, drag out the Dickens;
Deck the halls with hunks of holly;	Even though the prospect sickens,
Fill the cup and don't say when...	Brother, here we go again.

On Christmas day, you can't get sore;	Relations sparing no expense'll,
Your fellow man you must adore;		Send some useless old utensil,
There's time to rob him all the more,	Or a matching pen and pencil,
The other three hundred and sixty-four!	Just the thing I need... how nice.

It doesn't matter how sincere		Hark The Herald-Tribune sings,
It is, nor how heartfelt the spirit;	Advertising wondrous things.
Sentiment will not endear it;		God Rest Ye Merry Merchants,
What's important is... the price.	May you make the Yuletide pay.
					Angels We Have Heard On High,
Let the raucous sleighbells jingle;	Tell us to go out and buy.
Hail our dear old friend, Kris Kringle,	Sooooo...
Driving his reindeer across the sky,
Don't stand underneath when they fly by!
		-- Tom Lehrer


Applause, n.:
	The echo of a platitude from the mouth of a fool.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


He played the king as if afraid someone else would play the ace.
		-- John Mason Brown, drama critic


The real purpose of books is to trap the mind into doing its own thinking.
		-- Christopher Morley


If God had wanted you to go around nude,
He would have given you bigger hands.


Dull women have immaculate homes.


There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly
what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly
disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and
inexplicable.

There is another theory which states that this has already happened.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the End of the Universe"


