Our parents were of Midwestern stock and very strict.  They didn't want us
to grow up to be spoiled and rich.  If we left our tennis racquets in the
rain, we were punished.
		-- Nancy Ellis (George Bush's sister), in the New Republic


It doesn't matter whether you win or lose -- until you lose.


Teen-age prostitution: the problem is mounting!


This process can check if this value is zero, and if it is, it does
something child-like.
		-- Forbes Burkowski, CS, University of Washington


Dogs just don't seem to be able to tell the difference between important people
and the rest of us.


Sank heaven for leetle curls.


I GUESS OF ALL MY UNCLES, I liked Uncle Caveman the best. We called him
Uncle Caveman because he lived in a cave and because sometimes he'd eat
one of us.  Later, we found out he was a bear.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


	A ranger was walking through the forest and encountered a hunter
carrying a shotgun and a dead loon.  "What in the world do you think you're
doing?  Don't you know that the loon is on the endangered species list?"
	Instead of answering, the hunter showed the ranger his game bag,
which contained twelve more loons.
	"Why would you shoot loons?", the ranger asked.
	"Well, my family eats them and I sell the plumage."
	"What's so special about a loon?  What does it taste like?"
	"Oh, somewhere between an American Bald Eagle and a Trumpeter Swan."


Conceptual integrity in turn dictates that the design must proceed
from one mind, or from a very small number of agreeing resonant minds.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


If you had any brains, you'd be dangerous.


The longer I am out of office, the more infallible I appear to myself.
		-- Henry Kissinger


Death is only a state of mind.

Only it doesn't leave you much time to think about anything else.


Hear that...
	those new edible candy pants are about to be distributed in a male
	version -- with nuts of course?


It is easier to make a saint out of a libertine than out of a prig.
		-- George Santayana


I'm So Miserable Without You It's Almost Like Having You Here
		-- Song title by Stephen Bishop

She Got the Gold Mine, I Got the Shaft
		-- Song title by Jerry Reed

When My Love Comes Back from the Ladies' Room Will I Be Too Old to Care?
		-- Song title by Lewis Grizzard

I Don't Know Whether to Kill Myself or Go Bowling
		-- Unattributed song title

Drop Kick Me, Jesus, Through the Goal Posts of Life
		-- Unattributed song title


I'm willing to sacrifice anything for this cause, even other people's
lives.


Steady movement is more important than speed, much of the time.  So
long as there is a regular progression of stimuli to get your mental
hooks into, there is room for lateral movement.  Once this begins,
its rate is a matter of discretion.
		-- Corwin, "Prince of Amber"


One thing the inventors can't seem to
get the bugs out of is fresh paint.


Is knowledge knowable?  If not, how do we know that?


A witty saying proves nothing, but saying something pointless gets
people's attention.


We should have a Vollyballocracy.  We elect a six-pack of presidents.
Each one serves until they screw up, at which point they rotate.
		-- Dennis Miller


To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
		-- Thomas Edison


Repartee is something we think of twenty-four hours too late.
		-- Mark Twain


The Linimon's Rule About PRs: The More You Close, The More Will Come


The world is coming to an end...  SAVE YOUR BUFFERS!!


God wanted to have a holiday, so He asked St. Peter for suggestions on
where to go.
	"Why not go to Jupiter?" asked St. Peter.
	"No, too much gravity, too much stomping around," said God.
	"Well, how about Mercury?"
	"No, it's too hot there."
	"Okay," said St. Peter, "What about Earth?"
	"No," said God, "They're such horrible gossips.  When I was
there 2000 years ago, I had an affair with a Jewish woman, and they're
still talking about it."


	Moving along a dimly light street, a man I know was suddenly
approached by a stranger who had slipped from the shadows nearby.
	"Please, sir," pleaded the stranger, "would you be so kind as
to help a poor unfortunate fellow who is hungry and can't find work?
All I have in the world is this gun."


This life is yours.  Some of it was given
to you; the rest, you made yourself.


There is no Father Christmas.  It's just a marketing ploy to make low income
parents' lives a misery.  ...  I want you to picture the trusting face of a
child, streaked with tears because of what you just said.  I want you to
picture the face of its mother, because one week's dole won't pay for one
Master of the Universe Battlecruiser!
		-- Filthy Rich and Catflap


I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.
I want to achieve immortality through not dying.
		-- Woody Allen


   It is either through the influence of narcotic potions, of which all
primitive peoples and races speak in hymns, or through the powerful approach
of spring, penetrating with joy all of nature, that those Dionysian stirrings
arise, which in their intensification lead the individual to forget himself
completely. ... Not only does the bond between man and man come to be forged
once again by the magic of the Dionysian rite, but alienated, hostile, or
subjugated nature again celebrates her reconciliation with her prodigal son,
man.
		-- Fred Nietzsche, The Birth of Tragedy


The old man had lived all his life in a little house on the Vermont side of the
New Hampshire-Vermont border.  One day, the surveyors came to inform him that
they had just discovered that he lived in New Hampshire, not Vermont.
	"Thank heavens!" was his heartfelt reply.  "I don't think I could have
taken another one of those damned Vermont winters!"


Charm is a way of getting the answer "Yes" --
without having asked any clear question.


Virginia law forbids bathtubs in the house; tubs must be kept in the
yard.


The eyes of taxes are upon you.


Nothing will dispel enthusiasm like a small admission fee.
		-- Kin Hubbard


Q:	What's white and crawls up your leg?
A:	Uncle Ben's Perverted Rice.


If God is perfect, why did He create discontinuous functions?


Good day to let down old friends who need help.


Confucius say:
	man who screws near graveyard is fucking near dead.
	man who fishes in other man's well often catch crabs.
	man and mouse the same, both end up in pussy.
	boy who play with himself pulls boner.
	woman who cooks carrots and pees in same pot very unsanitary.
	man who marry girl with no bust has right to feel low down.
	man who sleeps with old hen finds it's better than pullet.
	man with hole in pocket feel cocky all day.
	man who lie under car, get tired
	man who stand behind car, get exhausted.


Do not permit a woman to ask forgiveness, for that is only the first
step.  The second is justification of herself by accusation of you.
		-- DeGourmont


Roland was a warrior, from the land of the midnight sun,
With a Thompson gun for hire, fighting to be done.
The deal was made in Denmark, on a dark and stormy day,
So he set out for Biafra, to join the bloody fray.
Through sixty-six and seven, they fought the Congo war,
With their fingers on their triggers, knee deep in gore.
Days and nights they battled, the Bantu to their knees,
They killed to earn their living, and to help out the Congolese.
	Roland the Thompson gunner...
His comrades fought beside him, Van Owen and the rest,
But of all the Thompson gunners, Roland was the best.
So the C.I.A decided, they wanted Roland dead,
That son-of-a-bitch Van Owen, blew off Roland's head.
	Roland the headless Thompson gunner...
Roland searched the continent, for the man who'd done him in.
He found him in Mombasa, in a bar room drinking gin,
Roland aimed his Thompson gun, he didn't say a word,
But he blew Van Owen's body from there to Johannesburg.
The eternal Thompson gunner, still wandering through the night,
Now it's ten years later, but he stills keeps up the fight.
In Ireland, in Lebanon, in Palestine, in Berkeley,
Patty Hearst... heard the burst... of Roland's Thompson gun, and bought it.
		-- Warren Zevon, "Roland the Headless Thompson Gunner"


Once upon this midnight incoherent,
While you pondered sentient and crystalline,
Over many a broken and subordinate
Volume of gnarly lore,
While I pestered, nearly singing,
Suddenly there came a hewing,
As of someone profusely skulking,
Skulking at my chamber door.


The Enterprise girls, so one hears,
Have chased Spock for several years.
	His look of disdain
	Has spared them great pain,
For his prick is as sharp as his ears.


Up against the net, redneck mother,
Mother who has raised your son so well;
He's seventeen and hackin' on a Macintosh,
Flaming spelling errors and raisin' hell...


Fine day for friends.
So-so day for you.


Possessions increase to fill the space available for their storage.
		-- Ryan


If men could get pregnant, abortion would be a sacrament.


Never negotiate with the United States unless you have a nuclear
weapon.
		-- Former deputy defense minister of India


Six days after the Creation, Adam was still alone in the Garden of
Eden, and getting pretty desperate. "God!" he cried, "rescue me from
loneliness and despair!  Send some company for Your sake!"

God replied "OK, I have just the thing. Keep you warm and relaxed all
the days of your life.  Never complains.  Looks up to you in every way.
It'll cost you though".

"Sounds ideal" said Adam. "The society of the beasts of the field and
the birds of the air palls after a while.  What's the price?"

"An arm and a leg", said God.

Adam thought about it for a bit and finally sighed.  "So, what can I get
for a rib?"


Booze is the answer.  I don't remember the question.


There once was a man named Eugene
Who invented a screwing machine
	Concave and convex
	It served either sex
And it played with itself in between.


If you think last Tuesday was a drag,
wait till you see what happens tomorrow!


There's nothing like a good dose of another woman to make a man
appreciate his wife.
		-- Clare Booth Luce


HARVARD:
Quarterback:
	Sophomore Dave Strewzinski... likes to pass.  And pass he does, with
a record 86 attempts (three completions) in 87 plays....  Though Strewzinski
has so far failed to score any points for the Crimson, his jackrabbit speed
has made him the least sacked quarterback in the Ivy league.
Wide Receiver:
	The other directional signal in Harvard's offensive machine is senior
Phil Yip, who is very fast.  Yip is so fast that he has set a record for being
fast.  Expect to see Yip elude all pursuers and make it into the endzone five
or six times, his average for a game.  Yip, nicknamed "fumblefingers" and "you
asshole" by his teammates, hopes to carry the ball with him at least one of
those times.
YALE:
Defense:
	On the defensive side, Yale boasts the stingiest line in the Ivies.
Primarily responsible are seniors Izzy "Shylock" Bloomberg and Myron
Finklestein, the tightest ends in recent Eli history.  Also contributing to
the powerful defense is junior tackle Angus MacWhirter, a Scotsman who rounds
out the offensive ethnic joke.  Look for these three to shut down the opening
coin toss.
		-- Harvard Lampoon 1988 Program Parody, distributed at The Game


All the simple programs have been written.


Tell a man there are 300 billion stars in the universe and he'll
believe you.  Tell him a bench has wet paint on it and he'll have
to touch to be sure.


One of the lessons of history is that nothing is often a good thing to
do and always a clever thing to say.
		-- Will Durant


Poor Alice who lived in Corvallis
Had heard of, but not seen, the male phallus.
	At her first sight of one
	She started to run,
And last was seen sprinting through Dallas.


It's interesting to think that many quite
distinguished people have bodies similar to yours.


I don't make the rules, Gil, I only play the game.
		-- Cash McCall


There are those who claim that magic is like the tide; that it swells and
fades over the surface of the earth, collecting in concentrated pools here
and there, almost disappearing from other spots, leaving them parched for
wonder.  There are also those who believe that if you stick your fingers up
your nose and blow, it will increase your intelligence.
		-- The Teachings of Ebenezum, Volume VII


May all the girls you fall in love with fall in love with girls themselves.


If practice makes perfect, and nobody's perfect, why practice?


After all, it is only the mediocre who are always at their best.
		-- Jean Giraudoux


Paranoid Club meeting this Friday.
Now ... just try to find out where!


Smile!  You're on Candid Camera.


An age is called Dark not because the light fails to shine, but because
people refuse to see it.
		-- James Michener, "Space"


Pessimist, n.:
	A man who spends all his time worrying about how he can keep the
	wolf from the door.

Optimist, n.:
	A man who refuses to see the wolf until he seizes the seat of
	his pants.

Opportunist, n.:
	A man who invites the wolf in and appears the next day in a fur coat.


To stay young requires unceasing cultivation
of the ability to unlearn old falsehoods.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough For Love"


Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths good theatre.
		-- Gail Godwin


May a diseased yak take a liking to your sister.


An egghead is one who stands firmly on both feet,
in mid-air, on both sides of an issue.
		-- Homer Ferguson


Things will be bright in P.M.
A cop will shine a light in your face.


Optimism is the content of small men in high places.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald, "The Crack Up"


Q:	What do you call a principal female opera singer whose high C
	is lower than those of other principal female opera singers?
A:	A deep C diva.


In case of fire, yell "FIRE!"


Jack and Jill went up a hill
To fetch a pail of water.
Jack fell down and broke his crown	Jack on Jill produced a thrill
And Jill came tumbling after.		When on the ground he got her,
					Then went down and told the town
					He tumbled Jill and gaffed her.
Jack to Jill thus did such ill
That Jill, to pay the rotter,
Told the town Jack's crown broke down	Jack and Jill have split the bill
When he set out to shaft her.		Since Jack led Jill to totter.
					Half the town deals Jill a frown
					And half greets Jack with laughter.


A girl with a future avoids the man with a past.
		-- Evan Esar, "The Humor of Humor"


Between grand theft and a legal fee, there only stands a law degree.


`Just the place for a Snark!' the Bellman cried,
	As he landed his crew with care;
Supporting each man on the top of the tide
	By a finger entwined in his hair.

`Just the place for a Snark!  I have said it twice:
	That alone should encourage the crew.
Just the place for a Snark!  I have said it thrice:
	What I tell you three times is true.'
		-- Lewis Carroll, "The Hunting of the Snark"


THE NEW RIGHT:
	A javelin team that elects to receive.


Sometimes the light is all shining on me,
Other times I can hardly see.
Lately it occurs to me
What a long strange trip it's been.
		-- The Grateful Dead, "American Beauty"


Where do I find the time for not reading so many books?
		-- Karl Kraus


Send some filthy mail.


I choked Linda Lovelace.


A sadist is a masochist who follows the Golden Rule.


Perplexed, a shy virgin named Plummer
Asked, "what's there to do in the summer?"
	She declined and declined
	Till approached from behind...
When her summer turned out quite a bummer!


The abbess of a nunnery was instructing a group of novices on the house rules
of her particular order.  The indoctrination period, which went on for hours,
began with "No washing of undies in the founts," and ended with "Lights out at
nine.  Candles out at ten."


Great American Axiom:
	Some is good, more is better, too much is just right.


QOTD:
	"I love your outfit, does it come in your size?"


America cannot be sold a can of beer without
being offered a piece of pussy along with it.
		-- Julius Lester


Harris's Lament:
	All the good ones are taken.


In youth, it was a way I had
To do my best to please,
And change, with every passing lad,
To suit his theories.

But now I know the things I know,
And do the things I do;
And if you do not like me so,
To hell, my love, with you!
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Indian Summer"


Which of the following doesn't belong?
	a. meat
	b. eggs
	c. drum
	d. blowjob.

Answer:
	d:  A blowjob, because you can beat your meat, your eggs,
	    or your drum, but you just can't beat a blowjob.


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

CAR and CDR now return extra values.

The function CAR now returns two values.  Since it has to go to the trouble
to figure out if the object is carcdr-able anyway, we figured you might as
well get both halves at once.  For example, the following code shows how to
destructure a cons (SOME-CONS) into its two slots (THE-CAR and THE-CDR):

	(MULTIPLE-VALUE-BIND (THE-CAR THE-CDR) (CAR SOME-CONS) ...)

For symmetry with CAR, CDR returns a second value which is the CAR of the
object.  In a related change, the functions MAKE-ARRAY and CONS have been
fixed so they don't allocate any storage except on the stack.  This should
hopefully help people who don't like using the garbage collector because
it cold boots the machine so often.


I would like to know
What I was fencing in
And what I was fencing out.
		-- Robert Frost


Benson's Dogma:
	ASCII is our god, and Unix is his profit.


Vagina, n.:
	The box a penis comes in.


MORE SPORTS RESULTS:
The Beverly Hills Freudians tied the Chicago Rogerians 0-0 last Saturday
night.  The match started with a long period of silence while the Freudians
waited for the Rogerians to free associate and the Rogerians waited for
the Freudians to say something they could paraphrase.  The stalemate was
broken when the Freudians' best player took the offensive and interpreted
the Rogerians' silence as reflecting their anal-retentive personalities.
At this the Rogerians' star player said "I hear you saying you think we're
full of ka-ka."  This started a fight and the match was called by officials.


You are a tower of strength in the office, but only so-so in bed.


You are wise, witty, and wonderful,
but you spend too much time reading this sort of trash.


Life is having a mother-in-law that sucks and a wife that don't.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


When in doubt, lead trump.


WARNING!
	This system is subject to breakdowns during periods of critical need!
A special circuit in the computer called a "critical detector" senses the
user's emotional state in terms of how desperate they are to get their program
to run.  The "critical detector" then creates a bug in the program proportional
to the desperation of the user.  Threatening the terminal with violence only
aggravates the situation, causing the program to immediately crash or the
entire system to go down.  Likewise, attempts to use another terminal may cause
it to core dump.  (They all belong to the same LAN.)  Keep cool and say nice
things to the terminal.


Beneath this stone a virgin lies,
For her life held no terrors.
A virgin born, a virgin died:
No hits, no runs, no errors.


Let a Field Service Engineer put it in.


QOTD:
	"If it's too loud, you're too old."


	"My mother," said the sweet young steno, "says there are some things
a girl should not do before twenty."
	"Your mother is right," said the executive, "I don't like a large
audience, either."


You are a taxi driver.  Your cab is yellow and black, and has been in
use for only seven years.  One of its windshield wipers is broken, and
the carburetor needs adjusting.  The tank holds 20 gallons, but at the
moment is only three-quarters full.  How old is the taxi driver?"


You are fighting for survival in your own sweet and gentle way.


I wish you humans would leave me alone.


We are Microsoft.  Unix is irrelevant.
Openness is futile.  Prepare to be assimilated.


Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody may be looking.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "A Mencken Chrestomathy"


Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set:

DC	Divide and Conquer
DMPK	Destroy Memory Protect Key
DO	Divide and Overflow
EMPC	Emulate Pocket Calculator
EPI	Execute Programmer Immediately
EROS	Erase Read Only Storage
EXCE	Execute Customer Engineer
HCF	Halt and Catch Fire
IBP	Insert Bug and Proceed
INSQSW	Insert into queue somewhere (for FINO queues [First in never out])
PBC	Print and Break Chain
PDSK	Punch Disk


Even if you do learn to speak correct
English, whom are you going to speak it to?
		-- Clarence Darrow


When I was a young man, I vowed never to marry until I found the ideal
woman.  Well, I found her -- but alas, she was waiting for the ideal man.
		-- Robert Schuman


Real Users find the one combination of bizarre input values that shuts
down the system for days.


Spring is here, spring is here,
Life is skittles and life is beer.


Armstrong's Collection Law:
	If the check is truly in the mail,
	it is surely made out to someone else.


Only two groups of people fall for flattery -- men and women.


You just wait, I'll sin till I blow up!
		-- Dylan Thomas


Having a baby isn't so bad.  If you're a female Emperor penguin
in the Antarctic.  She lays the egg, rolls it over to the father,
then takes off for warmer weather where she eats and eats and
eats.  For two months, the father stands stiff, without food,
blind in the 24-hour dark, balancing the egg on his feet.  After
the little penguin is hatched, the mother sees fit to come home.
		-- L. M. Boyd, "Austin American-Statesman"


I distrust a man who says when.  If he's got to be careful not to drink
too much, it's because he's not to be trusted when he does.
		-- Sidney Greenstreet, "The Maltese Falcon"


The Enterprise girls, so one hears,
Have chased Spock for several years.
	His look of disdain
	Has spared them great pain,
For his prick is as sharp as his ears.


I grew up in an Italian family, you know, the strange thing about
Italians -- they're so Jewish.
		-- Kay Ballard


I can't seem to bring myself to say, "Well, I guess I'll be toddling along."
It isn't that I can't toddle.  It's that I can't guess I'll toddle.
		-- Robert Benchley


So far as we are human, what we do must be either evil or good: so far
as we do evil or good, we are human: and it is better, in a paradoxical
way, to do evil than to do nothing: at least we exist.
		-- T. S. Eliot, essay on Baudelaire


If rabbits feet are so lucky, what happened to the rabbit?


Anthony's Law of the Workshop:
	Any tool when dropped, will roll into the least accessible
	corner of the workshop.

Corollary:
	On the way to the corner, any dropped tool will first strike
	your toes.


	Work Hard.
	Rock Hard.
	Eat Hard.
	Sleep Hard.
	Grow Big.
	Wear Glasses If You Need 'Em.
		-- The Webb Wilder Credo


"Scott, baby," the sexually aggressive girl murmured as she guided
her date's finger to her clitoris, "This bud's for you."


When the leaders speak of peace
The common folk know
That war is coming
When the leaders curse war
The mobilization order is already written out.

Every day, to earn my daily bread
I go to the market where lies are bought
Hopefully
I take my place among the sellers.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "Hollywood"


Marriage, n.:
	The evil aye.


Oh, give me a home,
Where the buffalo roam,
And I'll show you a house with a really messy kitchen.


Based on what you know about him in history books, what do you think
Abraham Lincoln would be doing if he were alive today?

	(1) Writing his memoirs of the Civil War.
	(2) Advising the President.
	(3) Desperately clawing at the inside of his coffin.
		-- David Letterman


Words are the voice of the heart.


Hi Jimbo.  Dennis.  Really appreciate the help on the income tax.
You wanna help on the audit now?


In Mexico we have a word for sushi: bait.
		-- Josi Simon


Judges, as a class, display, in the matter of arranging alimony, that
reckless generosity which is found only in men who are giving away
someone else's cash.
		-- P. G. Wodehouse, "Louder and Funnier"


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

There has been some confusion concerning MAPCAR.
	(DEFUN MAPCAR (&FUNCTIONAL FCN &EVAL &REST LISTS)
		(PROG (V P LP)
		(SETQ P (LOCF V))
	L	(SETQ LP LISTS)
		(%START-FUNCTION-CALL FCN T (LENGTH LISTS) NIL)
	L1	(OR LP (GO L2))
		(AND (NULL (CAR LP)) (RETURN V))
		(%PUSH (CAAR LP))
		(RPLACA LP (CDAR LP))
		(SETQ LP (CDR LP))
		(GO L1)
	L2	(%FINISH-FUNCTION-CALL FCN T (LENGTH LISTS) NIL)
		(SETQ LP (%POP))
		(RPLACD P (SETQ P (NCONS LP)))
		(GO L)))
We hope this clears up the many questions we've had about it.


It took me fifteen years to discover that I had no talent for writing,
but I couldn't give it up because by that time I was too famous.
		-- Robert Benchley


I was in Vegas last week. I was at the roulette table, having a
lengthy argument about what I considered an Odd number.
		-- Steven Wright


Think honk if you're a telepath.


I fell asleep reading a dull book,
and I dreamt that I was reading on,
so I woke up from sheer boredom.


When it comes to broken marriages most husbands will split the blame --
half his wife's fault, and half her mother's.


The passionate young thing was having a difficult time getting across what
she wanted from her rather dense boyfriend.  Finally she asked,
	"Would you like to see where I was operated on for appendicitis?"
	"Gosh, no!" he replied.  "I hate hospitals."


Watching girls go passing by
It ain't the latest thing
I'm just standing in a doorway
I'm just trying to make some sense
Out of these girls passing by		A smile relieves the heart that grieves
The tales they tell of men		Remember what I said
I'm not waiting on a lady		I'm not waiting on a lady
I'm just waiting on a friend		I'm just waiting on a friend
...
Don't need a whore
Don't need no booze
Don't need a virgin priest		Ooh, making love and breaking hearts
But I need someone I can cry to		It is a game for youth
I need someone to protect		But I'm not waiting on a lady
					I'm just waiting on a friend
					I'm just waiting on a friend
		-- Rolling Stones, "Waiting on a Friend"


Hey, Jim, it's me, Susie Lillis from the laundromat.  You said you were
gonna call and it's been two weeks.  What's wrong, you lose my number?


