You must include all income you receive in the form of money, property
and services if it is not specifically exempt.  Report property (goods)
and services at their fair market values.  Examples include income from
bartering or swapping transactions, side commissions, kickbacks, rent
paid in services, illegal activities (such as stealing, drugs, etc.),
cash skimming by proprietors and tradesmen, "moonlighting" services,
gambling, prizes and awards.  Not reporting such income can lead to
prosecution for perjury and fraud.
		-- Excerpt from Taxachussettes income tax forms


WARNING!!!
This machine is subject to breakdowns during periods of critical need.

A special circuit in the machine called "critical detector" senses the
operator's emotional state in terms of how desperate he/she is to use the
machine.  The "critical detector" then creates a malfunction proportional
to the desperation of the operator.  Threatening the machine with violence
only aggravates the situation.  Likewise, attempts to use another machine
may cause it to malfunction.  They belong to the same union.  Keep cool
and say nice things to the machine.  Nothing else seems to work.

See also: flog(1), tm(1)


Recent investments will yield a slight profit.


CAPRICORN (Dec 22 - Jan 19)
	Play your hunches.  This is a day when luck will play an important
	part in your life.  If you were smarter, you wouldn't need so much
	luck and you wouldn't be reading your horoscope, either.  You are
	a suspicious person, and it will occur to you that astrologers
	don't know what they're talking about any more than your Aunt Martha.


Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.


Don't you wish that all the people who sincerely
want to help you could agree with each other?


What we Are is God's give to us.
What we Become is our gift to God.


Ask your boss to reconsider --
It's so difficult to take "Go to hell" for an answer.


Don't everyone thank me at once!
		-- Han Solo


... and the fully armed nuclear warheads are of course merely a
courtesy detail.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Q:	What did one regular expression say to the other?
A:	.+


Don't mind him; politicians always sound like that.


Lick-a-dee-clit!


He has not acquired a fortune; the fortune has acquired him.
		-- Bion


We are what we pretend to be.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr.


Gloffing is a state of mine.


When you're dining out and you suspect
something's wrong, you're probably right.


Q:	Where does virgin wool come from?
A:	Ugly sheep.


The perfect man is the true partner.  Not a bed partner nor a fun partner,
but a man who will shoulder burdens equally with [you] and possess that
quality of joy.
		-- Erica Jong


Many people write memos to tell you they have nothing to say.


SCORPIO (Oct.24 - Nov.21)
	You will receive word today that you are eligible to win a million
	dollars in prizes.  It will be from a magazine trying to get you to
	subscribe, and you're just dumb enough to think you've got a chance
	to win.  You never learn.


Success is like a fart -- only your own smells nice.
		-- James P. Hogan


People who think they know everything
greatly annoy those of us who do.


There's no such thing as a free lunch.
		-- Milton Friendman


State license plates we'd like to see:

	MICHIGAN				CALIFORNIA
       4-GET 74-77				EGO-MN-E-X
EMBARRASSED HOME STATE OF GERALD FORD	THE SERIAL KILLER STATE

	NORTH CAROLINA				NEW JERSEY
	  WL-GOLLY				 ARG GGH
HOME OF GOMER, GOOBER AND JESSE HELMS	   FIRST IN TOXIC WASTE

	  KANSAS				WASHINGTON DC
	  TOTO -2				$10000000 ETC
THE NOT MUCH SINCE THE WIZARD OF OZ	WASTING YOUR MONEY SINCE 1810
	  MOVIE STATE


There are two ways to write error-free
programs; only the third one works.


New Year's Eve is the time of year when a man most feels his
age, and his wife most often reminds him to act it.
		-- Webster's Unafraid Dictionary


SPINSTER:
	Unlusted number.


I went to the hardware store and bought some used paint.  It was in
the shape of a house.  I also bought some batteries, but they weren't
included.
		-- Steven Wright


Q:	What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back?
A:	A stick.


You tread upon my patience.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


So, your daughter was voted "Most Likely to Conceive",
and you're still drinking ordinary scotch?


I believe a little incompatibility is the spice of life,
particularly if he has income and she is pattable.
		-- Ogden Nash


He who slings mud loses ground.
		-- Chinese proverb


The society which scorns excellence in plumbing as a humble activity and
tolerates shoddiness in philosophy because it is an exalted activity will
have neither good plumbing nor good philosophy... neither its pipes nor
its theories will hold water.


Life is a hospital in which every patient is possessed by the desire to
change his bed.
		-- Charles Baudelaire


You had mail, but the super-user read it, and deleted it!


Pessimist, n.:
	A man who spends all his time worrying about how he can keep the
	wolf from the door.

Optimist, n.:
	A man who refuses to see the wolf until he seizes the seat of
	his pants.

Opportunist, n.:
	A man who invites the wolf in and appears the next day in a fur coat.


Publishing a volume of verse is like dropping
a rose petal down the Grand Canyon and waiting for the echo.


Vagina, n.:
	The box a penis comes in.


The verdict of a jury is the a priori opinion of that juror who smokes
the worst cigars.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Claude believed that only smart attractive people had the right to
fuck, and it sincerely hurt him when he discovered evidence to the
contrary.
		-- Tom Robbins


Hear that...
	the Masters and Johnson clinic may well be the only organization
	in the world from which a man resigns when he becomes a member
	in good standing?


Lensmen eat Jedi for breakfast.


Rule of the Great:
	When people you greatly admire appear to be thinking deep
	thoughts, they probably are thinking about lunch.


In buying horses and taking a wife
shut your eyes tight and commend yourself to God.


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #15

	"Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses."
	And while you're at it, throw in a couple of those Dallas
	Cowboy cheerleaders.


Creativity is not always bred in an environment of tranquility;
sometimes you have to squeeze a little to get the paste out of the tube.


The Gordian Maxim:
If a string has one end, it has another.


Don't worry about the world coming to an end today.
It's already tomorrow in Australia.
		-- Charles Schultz


Now there's three things you can do in a baseball game:
you can win or you can lose or it can rain.
		-- Casey Stengel


While vacationing last summer in the North Woods, a young fellow thought it
might be a good idea to write his girl.  He had brought no stationery with
him, however; so he had to walk into town for some.  Entering the one and
only general store, he discovered that the clerk was a young, full-blown farm
girl with languorous eyes.
	"Do you keep stationery?" he asked.
	"Well," she giggled, "I do until the last few seconds, and then I
just go wild."


			It's grad exam time...
MEDICINE
	You have been provided with a razor blade, a piece of gauze, and a
bottle of Scotch.  Remove your appendix.  Do not suture until your work has
been inspected.  (You have 15 minutes.)

HISTORY
	Describe the history of the papacy from its origins to the present
day, concentrating especially, but not exclusively, on its social, political,
economic, religious and philosophical impact upon Europe, Asia, America, and
Africa.  Be brief, concise, and specific.

BIOLOGY
	Create life.  Estimate the differences in subsequent human culture
if this form of life had been created 500 million years ago or earlier, with
special attention to its probable effect on the English parliamentary system.


I'm sorry I'm late folks, I just got out of jail.  I tried to change my
girlfriend's name.  Yeah, I went down to the hall of records.  I said, "I'd
like to change it... I'd like to change it to... LYING LITTLE BITCH!"
		-- Sam Kinison


Never pay a compliment as if expecting a receipt.


Once upon a time there...


God isn't dead, He's just trying to avoid the draft.


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #10 -- SIMPLE

	SIMPLE is an acronym for Sheer Idiot's Monopurpose Programming
Language Environment.  This language, developed at the Hanover College
for Technological Misfits, was designed to make it impossible to write
code with errors in it.  The statements are, therefore, confined to BEGIN,
END and STOP.  No matter how you arrange the statements, you can't make a
syntax error.  Programs written in SIMPLE do nothing useful, thus achieving
the results of programs written in other languages without the tedious,
frustrating process of testing and debugging.


Your files are now being encrypted and thrown into the bit bucket.
EOF


It is better to burn out than it is to rust.


	A sociologist, a psychologist, and an engineer were discussing the
consequences and implications of a married man's having a mistress.  The
sociologist's opinion was that it is absolutely and categorically unforgivable
for a married man to forfeit the bond of matrimony, and engage in such lowly
and lustful pursuits.
	The psychologist's opinion was that although morally reprehensible,
if a man MUST have a mistress to achieve his full potential as a human being,
then -- well -- he may go ahead and choose to have a mistress, as long as he
is considerate enough to keep this secret from his wife.
	The engineer then interjected: "I also believe that, if necessary,
a married man is entitled to a mistress.  However, I do not see why the
affair should be concealed from the wife.  On the contrary, if the affair
is out in the open, then on Friday evenings he may tell his wife that he
is going to see his mistress, tell his mistress that he is going to be with
his wife, then go to his office and get some work done!"


Women can keep a secret just as well as men,
but it takes more of them to do it.


Coming together is a beginning;
	keeping together is progress;
		working together is success.


John Paul II is famous for his touring, and his quaint habit of pressing
his lips to foreign soil on his arrival.  This sparked some wit to remark:
	"The Pope has it backwards: he kisses the ground, and walks on
the women!"


Diplomacy is the art of letting the other party have things your way.
		-- Daniele Vare


You have an unusual magnetic personality.  Don't walk too close to
metal objects which are not fastened down.


If men could get pregnant, abortion would be a sacrament.


Trust in Allah, but tie your camel.
		-- Arabian proverb


A soft answer turneth away wrath; but grievous words stir up anger.
		-- Proverbs 15:1


Patent, v.:
	A method of publicizing inventions so others can copy them.


A radioactive cat has eighteen half-lives.


A truth that's told with bad intent
Beats all the lies you can invent.
		-- William Blake


A rolling stone gathers no moss.
		-- Publilius Syrus


Cure the disease and kill the patient.
		-- Francis Bacon


Come live with me, and be my love,
And we will some new pleasures prove
Of golden sands, and crystal brooks,
With silken lines, and silver hooks.
		-- John Donne


Economist, n.:
	Someone who's good with figures, but doesn't have enough
	personality to become an accountant.


Having a baby isn't so bad.  If you're a female Emperor penguin
in the Antarctic.  She lays the egg, rolls it over to the father,
then takes off for warmer weather where she eats and eats and
eats.  For two months, the father stands stiff, without food,
blind in the 24-hour dark, balancing the egg on his feet.  After
the little penguin is hatched, the mother sees fit to come home.
		-- L. M. Boyd, "Austin American-Statesman"


A plucked goose doesn't lay golden eggs.


Alimony is the curse of the writing classes.
		-- Norman Mailer


Is not marriage an open question, when it is alleged, from the beginning
of the world, that such as are in the institution wish to get out,
and such as are out wish to get in?
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


I opened the drawer of my little desk and a single letter fell out, a
letter from my mother, written in pencil, one of her last, with unfinished
words and an implicit sense of her departure.  It's so curious: one can
resist tears and "behave" very well in the hardest hours of grief.  But
then someone makes you a friendly sign behind a window... or one notices
that a flower that was in bud only yesterday has suddenly blossomed... or
a letter slips from a drawer... and everything collapses.
		-- Letters From Colette


Russia has abolished God, but so far God has been more tolerant.
		-- John Cameron Swayze


If you can lead it to water and force it to drink, it isn't a horse.


Double!


Have a nice day!


Nadia Comaneci, simple perfection.
		-- '76 Olympics


A song in time is worth a dime.


If you will practice being fictional for a while, you will understand that
fictional characters are sometimes more real than people with bodies and
heartbeats.


If little else, the brain is an educational toy.
		-- Tom Robbins


Moon, n.:
	1. A celestial object whose phase is very important to
hackers.  See PHASE OF THE MOON.  2. Dave Moon (MOON@MC).


Not only is this incomprehensible, but the ink is
ugly and the paper is from the wrong kind of tree.
		-- Professor W., EECS, George Washington University

I'm looking forward to working with you on this next year.
		-- Professor, Harvard, on a senior thesis


Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain.
		-- Frank Morgan as The Wizard, "The Wizard of Oz"


God must have loved calories, she made so many of them.


That reminds me of a friend of mine who went north to work on the Alaskan
pipeline.  Before he went up there, he was just a skinny little runt.  When
he got back, he was a husky fucker.


I used to live in a house by the freeway.  When I went anywhere, I had
to be going 65 MPH by the end of my driveway.

I replaced the headlights in my car with strobe lights.  Now it looks
like I'm the only one moving.

I was pulled over for speeding today.  The officer said, "Don't you know
the speed limit is 55 miles an hour?"  And I said, "Yes, but I wasn't going
to be out that long."

I put a new engine in my car, but didn't take the old one out.  Now
my car goes 500 miles an hour.
		-- Steven Wright


It's not that I'm afraid to die.
I just don't want to be there when it happens.
		-- Woody Allen


Human resources are human first, and resources second.
		-- J. Garbers


Some Harvard men, stalwart and hairy,
Drank up several bottles of sherry;
	In the Yard around three
	They were shrieking with glee:
"Come on out, we are burning a fairy!"
		-- Edward Gorey


It is ridiculous to call this an industry.  This is not.  This is rat eat
rat, dog eat dog.  I'll kill 'em, and I'm going to kill 'em before they
kill me.  You're talking about the American way of survival of the fittest.
		-- Ray Kroc, founder of McDonald's


Women give themselves to God when the
Devil wants nothing more to do with them.
		-- Arnould


Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.


The world is coming to an end!
Repent and return those library books!


Probable-Possible, my black hen,
She lays eggs in the Relative When.
She doesn't lay eggs in the Positive Now
Because she's unable to postulate How.
		-- Frederick Winsor


Here is the problem: for many years, the Supreme Court wrestled with
the issue of pornography, until finally Associate Justice John Paul
Stevens came up with the famous quotation about how he couldn't define
pornography, but he knew it when he saw it.  So for a while, the
court's policy was to have all the suspected pornography trucked to
Justice Stevens' house, where he would look it over.  "Nope, this isn't
it," he'd say.  "Bring some more."  This went on until one morning when
his housekeeper found him trapped in the recreation room under an
enormous mound of rubberized implements, and the court had to issue a
ruling stating that it didn't know what the hell pornography was except
that it was illegal and everybody should stop badgering the court about
it because the court was going to take a nap.
		-- Dave Barry, "Pornography"


Every morning in Africa, a gazelle wakes up.  It knows it must run faster
than the fastest lion or it will be killed.  Every morning a lion wakes up.
It knows it must outrun the slowest gazelle or it will starve to death.
It doesn't matter whether you are a lion or a gazelle: when the sun comes
up, you'd better be running.


The angry man always thinks he can do more than he can.
		-- Albertano of Brescia


Why isn't there some cheap and easy
way to prove how much she means to me?


Always try to do things in chronological order; it's less confusing
that way.


Things Charles Darwin did not say:

Nah, it's only a theory - I don't think it should be taught in schools.


There's many a slurp t'wixt the tip and the zip.


If dolphins are so smart, why did Flipper work for television?


Goodbye, cool world.


My daddy's brains was so scrambled he thought he was Jesus.  They put him
in a nut house for 5 years and when he got out, he didn't think he was
Jesus, he thought he was *God*! ... Which made me Jesus.
		-- T. Bywater


Some people call them "cars" or "trucks"; I call them "dimensional
transmogrifiers" because they change three-dimensional cats into
two-dimensional ones.
		-- F. Frederick Skitty


It was a Roman who said it was sweet to die for one's country.  The
Greeks never said it was sweet to die for anything.  They had no vital
lies.
		-- Edith Hamilton, "The Greek Way"


Just close your eyes, tap your heels together three times,
and think to yourself, "There's no place like home."
		-- Billie Burke as Glinda, "The Wizard of Oz"


Idiot, n.:
	A member of a large and powerful tribe whose influence in human
	affairs has always been dominant and controlling.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


... computer hardware progress is so fast.  No other technology since
civilization began has seen six orders of magnitude in performance-price
gain in 30 years.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr.


Marriages are made in heaven and consummated on earth.
		-- John Lyly


We all know that no one understands anything that isn't funny.


It's very glamorous to raise millions of dollars, until it's time for the
venture capitalist to suck your eyeballs out.
		-- Peter Kennedy, chairman of Kraft & Kennedy


My central memory of that time seems to hang on one or five or maybe forty
nights -- or very early mornings -- when I left the Fillmore half-crazy and,
instead of going home, aimed the big 650 Lightning across the Bay Bridge at
a hundred miles an hour ... booming through the Treasure Island tunnel at
the lights of Oakland and Berkeley and Richmond, not quite sure which
turnoff to take when I got to the other end ... but being absolutely certain
that no matter which way I went I would come to a place where people were
just as high and wild as I was: no doubt at all about that.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


I've had one child.  My husband wants to have another.  I'd like to
watch him have another.
		-- Rita Rudner


When I came back to Dublin I was courtmartialed in my absence and sentenced
to death in my absence, so I said they could shoot me in my absence.
		-- Brendan Behan


A little inaccuracy saves a world of explanation.
		-- C. E. Ayres


Some books are to be tasted, others to be swallowed,
and some few to be chewed and digested.
		-- Francis Bacon
	[As anyone who has ever owned a puppy already knows.  Ed.]


Flappity, floppity, flip
The mouse on the m"obius strip;
	The strip revolved,
	The mouse dissolved
In a chronodimensional skip.


	COONDOG MEMORY
	(heard in Rutledge, Missouri, about eighteen years ago)

Now, this dog is for sale, and she can not only follow a trail twice as
old as the average dog can, but she's got a pretty good memory to boot.
For instance, last week this old boy who lives down the road from me, and
is forever stinkmouthing my hounds, brought some city fellow around to
try out ol' Sis here.  So I turned her out south of the house and she made
two or three big swings back and forth across the edge of the woods, set
back her head, bayed a couple of times, cut straight through the woods,
come to a little clearing, jumped about three foot straight up in the air,
run to the other side, and commenced to letting out a racket like she had
something treed.  We went over there with our flashlights and shone them
up in the tree but couldn't catch no shine offa coon's eyes, and my
neighbor sorta indicated that ol' Sis might be a little crazy, `cause she
stood right to the tree and kept singing up into it.  So I pulled off my
coat and climbed up into the branches, and sure enough, there was a coon
skeleton wedged in between a couple of branches about twenty foot up.
Now as I was saying, she can follow a pretty old trail, but this fellow
was still calling her crazy or touched `cause she had hopped up in the
air while she was crossing the clearing, until I reminded him that the
Hawkins' had a fence across there about five years back.  Now, this dog
is for sale.
		-- News that stayed News: Ten Years of Coevolution Quarterly


MEMORIES OF MY FAMILY MEETINGS still are a source of strength to me.  I
remember we'd all get into the car -- I forget what kind it was -- and
drive and drive.

I'm not sure where we'd go, but I think there were some bees there. The
smell of something was strong in the air as we played whatever sport we
played.  I remember a bigger, older guy whom we called "Dad."  We'd eat
some stuff or not and then I think we went home.

I guess some things never leave you.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Winter is nature's way of saying, "Up yours."
		-- Robert Byrne


BACHELOR:
	A man who chases women and never Mrs. one.


He did decide, though, that with more time and a great deal of mental
effort, he could probably turn the activity into an acceptable
perversion.
		-- Mick Farren, "When Gravity Fails"


Frobnicate, v.:
	To manipulate or adjust, to tweak.  Derived from FROBNITZ.
Usually abbreviated to FROB.  Thus one has the saying "to frob a
frob".  See TWEAK and TWIDDLE.  Usage: FROB, TWIDDLE, and TWEAK
sometimes connote points along a continuum.  FROB connotes aimless
manipulation; TWIDDLE connotes gross manipulation, often a coarse
search for a proper setting; TWEAK connotes fine-tuning.  If someone is
turning a knob on an oscilloscope, then if he's carefully adjusting it
he is probably tweaking it; if he is just turning it but looking at the
screen he is probably twiddling it; but if he's just doing it because
turning a knob is fun, he's frobbing it.


Decorate your home.  It gives the illusion
that your life is more interesting than it really is.
		-- C. Schultz


Let him choose out of my files, his projects to accomplish.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Coriolanus"


	At an elegant dinner party, Lady Astor once leaned across the table
to remark, "If you were my husband, Winston, I'd poison your coffee."  "And
if you were my wife, I'd beat the shit out of you," came Churchill's
unhesitating retort.
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


I couldn't possibly fail to disagree with you less.


I always had a repulsive need to be something more than human.
		-- David Bowie


Shah, shah!  Ayatulla you so!


Barker's Proof:
	Proofreading is more effective after publication.


He was part of my dream, of course --
but then I was part of his dream too.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


The aim of science is to seek the simplest explanations of complex
facts.  Seek simplicity and distrust it.
		-- Whitehead


Life is like arriving late for a movie, having to figure out what was
going on without bothering everybody with a lot of questions, and then
being unexpectedly called away before you find out how it ends.


Buffy:	No!  You guys are gonna have a prom.  The kind of prom that
	everyone should have.  I'm going to give you all a nice, fun,
	normal evening; if I have to kill every single person on the
	face of the earth to do it!
Xander:	Yay.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Prom"
		   Season 3, Episode 20


Slow day.
Practice crawling.


Q:	What does friendship among Soviet nationalities mean?
A:	It means that the Armenians take the Russians by the hand; the
	Russians take the Ukrainians by the hand; the Ukrainians take
	the Uzbeks by the hand; and they all go and beat up the Jews.


System going down at 5 this afternoon to install scheduler bug.


A man marries to have a home, but also because he doesn't want to be
bothered with sex and all that sort of thing.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham, "The Circle"


