Even God lends a hand to honest boldness.
		-- Menander


Well begun is half done.
		-- Aristotle


Let the worthy citizens of Chicago get their liquor the best way
they can. I'm sick of the job.  It's a thankless one and full of grief.
		-- Al Capone


Bell Labs Unix -- Reach out and grep someone.


You shall be rewarded for a dastardly deed.


Democracy can only be measured on the existence of an opposition.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


I met my latest girl friend in a department store.  She was looking at
clothes, and I was putting Slinkys on the escalators.
		-- Steven Wright


Catproof is an oxymoron, childproof nearly so.


Please, Mother!  I'd rather do it myself!


Is there life before breakfast?


Unfair animal names:

-- tsetse fly			-- bullhead
-- booby			-- duck-billed platypus
-- sapsucker			-- Clarence
		-- Gary Larson


Both models are identical in performance, functional operation, and
interface circuit details.  The two models, however, are not compatible
on the same communications line connection.
		-- Bell System Technical Reference


The surest way to remain a winner is to
win once, and then not play any more.


MSDOS is not dead, it just smells that way.
		-- Henry Spencer


It seems to make an auto driver mad if he misses you.


To be considered successful, a woman must be much better at her job
than a man would have to be.  Fortunately, this isn't difficult.


What is robbing a bank compared with founding a bank?
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "The Threepenny Opera"


Tan me hide when I'm dead, Fred,
Tan me hide when I'm dead.
So we tanned his hide when he died, Clyde,
It's hanging there on the shed.

All together now...
	Tie me kangaroo down, sport,
	Tie me kangaroo down.
	Tie me kangaroo down, sport,
	Tie me kangaroo down.


Like my parents, I have never been a regular church member or churchgoer.
It doesn't seem plausible to me that there is the kind of God who watches
over human affairs, listens to prayers, and tries to guide people to follow
His precepts -- there is just too much misery and cruelty for that.  On the
other hand, I respect and envy the people who get inspiration from their
religions.
		-- Benjamin Spock


Hear about...
	the ambitious secretary who walked into her boss's office and
	demanded a salary on next week's advance?


FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #2

	Never goose a wolverine.


Avoid reality at all costs.


The strong individual loves the earth so much he lusts for recurrence.  He
can smile in the face of the most terrible thought: meaningless, aimless
existence recurring eternally.  The second characteristic of such a man is
that he has the strength to recognize -- and to live with the recognition --
that the world is valueless in itself and that all values are human ones.
He creates himself by fashioning his own values; he has the pride to live
by the values he wills.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


If fifty million people say a foolish thing, it's still a foolish thing.
		-- Bertrand Russell


Hell hath no limits, nor is circumscribed in one self place,
for where we are is Hell, and where Hell is there must we ever be.
		-- Christopher Marlowe, "Doctor Faustus"


The only way to amuse some people
is to slip and fall on an icy pavement.


Magary's Principle:
	When there is a public outcry to cut deadwood and fat from any
	government bureaucracy, it is the deadwood and the fat that do
	the cutting, and the public's services are cut.


It is better to have loved and lost -- much better.


If at first you don't succeed, quit; don't be a nut about success.


Although golf was originally restricted to wealthy, overweight
Protestants, today it's open to anybody who owns hideous clothing.
		-- Dave Barry


We have reason to be afraid.  This is a terrible place.
		-- John Berryman


Sometimes you get an almost irresistible urge to go on living.


The door is the key.


As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error.
		-- Weisert


So... did you ever wonder, do garbage men take showers before they
go to work?


An American couple is in Paris, a much awaited trip, when suddenly the wife
dies of a heart attack.  The husband decides to have her buried there as the
visit to France was something they had longed for for many years.  All
arrangements are made when he suddenly realizes that he doesn't have a black
hat for the funeral.  The hotel concierge tells him that what he wants is a
"chapeau noir."  So off he goes to find a store open late.
	First he meets a gendarme and in his fractured French asks, "M'sieur,
ou pouvais-je acheter un capeau noir?"
	The policeman is a bit surprised but, after thinking a bit, gives our
friend directions.  The store -- if that is what it is -- looks a little seedy
and run down, but the man behind the counter looks friendly so in goes our
hero.  He speaks first:
	"M'sieur, je veux acheter un capeau noir."
	"Mais, monsieur, j'ai des capeaux rouges, des capeaux blancs, et des
capeaux marrons, mais pas des capeaux noires.  Pourquoi avez vous besoin d'un
capeau noir?"
	"Ma femme est morte."
	"O Monsieur!  Quelle beau sentiment!"


It shall be unlawful for any suspicious person to be within the
municipality.
		-- Local ordinance, Euclid Ohio


Nietzsche says that we will live the same life, over and over again.
God -- I'll have to sit through the Ice Capades again.
		-- Woody Allen, "Hannah and Her Sisters"


In California they don't throw their garbage away -- they make
it into television shows.
		-- Woody Allen, "Annie Hall"


A platitude is simply a truth repeated till people get tired of hearing it.
		-- Stanley Baldwin


Menage a trois, n.:
	Using both hands to masturbate.


Modern art is what happens when painters stop looking at girls and persuade
themselves that they have a better idea.
		-- John Ciardi


The countdown had stalled at "T" minus 69 seconds when Desiree, the first
female ape to go up in space, winked at me slyly and pouted her thick,
rubbery lips unmistakably -- the first of many such advances during what
would prove to be the longest, and most memorable, space voyage of my
career.
		-- Winning sentence, 1985 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest


Just think -- blessed SCSI cables!  Do a big enough sacrifice and create
a +5 blessed SCSI cable of connectivity.
		-- Lionel Lauer


Think of it!  With VLSI we can pack 100 ENIACs in 1 sq. cm.!


I am an optimist.  It does not seem too much use being anything else.
		-- Winston Churchill


We will follow Zarathustra,		We will worship like the Druids,
Zarathustra like we use to,		Dancing naked in the woods,
I'm a Zarathustra booster,		Drinking strange fermented fluids,
And he's good enough for me!		And it's good enough for me!
(chorus)				(chorus)

In the church of Aphrodite,
The priestess wears a see through nightie,
She's a mighty righteous sightie,
And she's good enough for me!
(chorus)

CHORUS:	Give me that old time religion,
	Give me that old time religion,
	Give me that old time religion,
	'Cause it's good enough for me!


Tact, n.:
	The unsaid part of what you're thinking.


OCCAM'S ERASER:
	The philosophical principle that even the simplest
	solution is bound to have something wrong with it.


Mistrust first impulses; they are always right.


While vacationing last summer in the North Woods, a young fellow thought it
might be a good idea to write his girl.  He had brought no stationery with
him, however; so he had to walk into town for some.  Entering the one and
only general store, he discovered that the clerk was a young, full-blown farm
girl with languorous eyes.
	"Do you keep stationery?" he asked.
	"Well," she giggled, "I do until the last few seconds, and then I
just go wild."


Honk if you love peace and quiet.


Women's Libbers are OK, I just wouldn't want my sister to marry one.


When democracy granted democratic methods to us in times of opposition, this
was bound to happen in a democratic system.  However, we National Socialists
never asserted that we represented a democratic point of view, but we have
declared openly that we used the democratic methods only to gain power and
that, after assuming the power, we would deny to our adversaries without any
consideration the means which were granted to us in times of our opposition.
		-- Josef Goebbels


In a museum in Havana, there are two skulls of Christopher Columbus,
"one when he was a boy and one when he was a man."
		-- Mark Twain


GENIUS:
	Person clever enough to be born in the right place at the right
	time of the right sex and to follow up this advantage by saying
	all the right things to all the right people.


Toilet Toupee, n.:
	Any shag carpet that causes the lid to become top-heavy, thus
	creating endless annoyance to male users.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Your mind is the part of you that says,
	"Why'n'tcha eat that piece of cake?"
... and then, twenty minutes later, says,
	"Y'know, if I were you, I wouldn't have done that!"
		-- Steven and Ondrea Levine


Children's talent to endure stems from their ignorance of alternatives.
		-- Maya Angelou, "I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings"


This guy walks into a bank and up to a female bank teller:

Man:	"I want to open a fuckin' savings account."
Teller:	"Excuse me, sir?"
M:	"Listen, bitch, I want to open a fuckin' savings account."
T:	"Sir, I don't have to listen to this abusive language."
M:	"LOOK!  I just want to open a fuckin' savings account."
T:	"Sir, you leave me no choice but to speak to the manager."

The teller walks over and explains the customer's rude behavior to the bank
manager who then accompanies her back to the teller booth.

Mgr:	"Can I help you, sir?"
M:	"I want to open a fuckin' savings account."
Mgr:	"Please, sir, we'll be delighted to help you, but we must request
	that you not use abusive language to our tellers."
M:	"Look. I just won $25 million in the state lottery and I want to
	open a fuckin' savings account!"
Mgr:	"I see.  And has this cunt been giving you any trouble?"


Manual, n.:
	A unit of documentation.  There are always three or more on a given
	item.  One is on the shelf; someone has the others.  The information
	you need is in the others.
		-- Ray Simard


Agree with them now, it will save so much time.


	Santa Claus comes down the chimney and the nubile sixteen-year-old
has been waiting for him.  Santa sees her, and in typically unflappable
Santa-style says, "And what do you want for Christmas, little girl?"
	The girl, and she's not so little, tells him.  Well, Santa is
definitely flapped by this, but he manages to come out with, "Ho ho ho,
gotta go, gotta get the children their toys, you know."
	The girl, not to be daunted, takes off her robe.  "Aw, please stay
Santa," she begs.
	He replies, "Ho ho ho, gotta go, gotta get the children their toys,
you know."
	She then takes off her pajama top, her firm pouting breasts pointing
at Santa like an accusation.  "Aw, please stay Santa," she pleads.
	"Ho ho ho, gotta go, gotta get the children their toys, you know."
	Finally, she takes off her pajama bottoms, revealing to Santa her
warm mound of delight.  "Aw, please stay, Santa," she begs.
	Being only mortal, Santa finally gives in, sighing, "Hey hey hey,
gotta stay, can't get up the chimney with my dick this way."


A flashy Mercedes-Benz roared up to the curb where a cute young miss stood
waiting for a taxi.
	"Hi," said the gentleman at the wheel.  "I'm going west."
	"How wonderful," came the cool reply.  "Bring me back an orange."


A gentleman never strikes a lady with his hat on.
		-- Fred Allen


The notion that the church, the press, and the universities should
serve the state is essentially a Communist notion ... In a free society
these institutions must be wholly free -- which is to say that their
function is to serve as checks upon the state.
		-- Alan Barth


The church saves sinners, but science seeks to stop their manufacture.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


A life spent in search of the perfect hash brownie is a life well spent.


What, still alive at twenty-two,
A clean upstanding chap like you?
Sure, if your throat 'tis hard to slit,
Slit your girl's, and swing for it.
Like enough, you won't be glad,
When they come to hang you, lad:
But bacon's not the only thing
That's cured by hanging from a string.
So, when the spilt ink of the night
Spreads o'er the blotting pad of light,
Lads whose job is still to do
Shall whet their knives, and think of you.
		-- Hugh Kingsmill


Money can't buy love, but it improves your bargaining position.
		-- Christopher Marlowe


FORCE YOURSELF TO RELAX!


It seems that John gets this phone call:
	"Hello," he answers.  The voice on the other end of the line
is hard and cold.
	"This is Susan," he hears.  "We met at a party a few months
ago.
	"Of course, Susan!", John replies.  "How are you?"
	"Not very well.  Remember how after the party you took me home and
we parked?  And you told me that I was a 'good sport'?  Well, I'm pregnant
and I'm going to kill myself tonight."
	John is silent for a few moments, collecting his thoughts.  "Well,"
he finally replies, "you sure *are* a good sport."


Beware of altruism.  It is based on self-deception, the root of all
evil.


God is the tangential point between zero and infinity.
		-- Alfred Jarry


Hark, Hark, the dogs do bark
The Duke is fond of kittens
He likes to take their insides out
And use them for his mittens
		-- "The 13 Clocks"


panic: can't find /


Consider the following axioms carefully:
	"Everything's better when it sits on a Ritz."
	and
	"Everything's better with Blue Bonnet on it."
What happens if one spreads Blue Bonnet margarine on a Ritz cracker?  The
thought is frightening.  Is this how God came into being?  Try not to
consider the fact that "Things go better with Coke".


Q:	How do you know when it's time to wash the dishes?
A:	Look inside your pants; if you have a penis, it's not time.


I'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be
living apart.
		-- e. e. cummings


It's hard to drive at the limit, but
it's harder to know where the limits are.
		-- Stirling Moss


Confucius say:
	man who screws near graveyard is fucking near dead.
	man who fishes in other man's well often catch crabs.
	man and mouse the same, both end up in pussy.
	boy who play with himself pulls boner.
	woman who cooks carrots and pees in same pot very unsanitary.
	man who marry girl with no bust has right to feel low down.
	man who sleeps with old hen finds it's better than pullet.
	man with hole in pocket feel cocky all day.
	man who lie under car, get tired
	man who stand behind car, get exhausted.


	"Dad," the 13-year-old boy asked, looking up from his social-
studies text, "what did you do during the sexual revolution?"
	"Well, son," his father confided, "I guess you could say I was
captured early and spent the duration doing the dishes."


The wife of young Richard of Limerick
Complained to her husband, "My quim, Rick,
	Still grows in diameter
	Each time that you ram at her;
How can your poor tool stay so slim, Rick?"


Sex: the thing that takes up the least amount of time and causes the
most amount of trouble.
		-- John Barrymore


Let the machine do the dirty work.
		-- Kernighan and Plauger, "The Elements of Programming Style"


The whole world is a tuxedo and you are a pair of brown shoes.
		-- George Gobel


Real programmers don't write in BASIC.  Actually, no programmers write
in BASIC after reaching puberty.


... all the good computer designs are bootlegged; the formally planned
products, if they are built at all, are dogs!
		-- David E. Lundstrom, "A Few Good Men From Univac",
		   MIT Press, 1987


A proper wife should be as obedient as a slave... The female is a female
by virtue of a certain lack of qualities -- a natural defectiveness.
		-- Aristotle


when i die, i'd like to go peacefully.
in my sleep.
like my grandfather.

not screaming,
like the passengers in his car...


Seek simplicity -- and distrust it.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead


A statesman is a politician who's been dead 10 or 15 years.
		-- Harry S. Truman


If you float on instinct alone, how can you
calculate the buoyancy for the computed load?
		-- Christopher Hodder-Williams


Slaves are generally expected to sing as well as to work ... I did not, when
a slave, understand the deep meanings of those rude, and apparently incoherent
songs.  I was myself within the circle, so that I neither saw nor heard as
those without might see and hear.  They told a tale which was then altogether
beyond my feeble comprehension: they were tones, loud, long and deep,
breathing the prayer and complaint of souls boiling over with the bitterest
anguish.  Every tone was a testimony against slavery, and a prayer to God
for deliverance from chains.
		-- Frederick Douglass


Q:	Why do men marry women?
A:	You can't teach sheep to do housework.


Cold, adj.:
	When your dog sticks to the fire hydrant.


The duck hunter trained his retriever to walk on water.  Eager to show off
this amazing accomplishment, he asked a friend to go along on his next
hunting trip.  Saying nothing, he fired his first shot and, as the duck fell,
the dog walked on the surface of the water, retrieved the duck and returned
it to his master.
	"Notice anything?" the owner asked eagerly.
	"Yes," said his friend, "I see that fool dog of yours can't swim."


The glances over cocktails
That seemed to be so sweet
Don't seem quite so amorous
Over Shredded Wheat


Support mental health or I'LL KILL YOU!!!!


Harry is heavily into camping, and every year in the late fall, he
makes us all go to Assateague, which is an island on the Atlantic Ocean
famous for its wild horses.  I realize that the concept of wild horses
probably stirs romantic notions in many of you, but this is because you
have never met any wild horses in person.  In person, they are like
enormous hooved rats.  They amble up to your camp site, and their
attitude is: "We're wild horses.  We're going to eat your food, knock
down your tent and poop on your shoes.  We're protected by federal law,
just like Richard Nixon."
		-- Dave Barry, "Tenting Grandpa Bob"


	An airplane pilot got engaged to two very pretty women at the same
time.  One was named Edith; the other named Kate.  They met, discovered they
had the same fiancee, and told him.  "Get out of our lives you rascal.  We'll
teach you that you can't have your Kate and Edith, too."


Brace yourselves.  We're about to try something that borders on the
unique: an actually rather serious technical book which is not only
(gasp) vehemently anti-Solemn, but also (shudder) takes sides.  I tend
to think of it as `Constructive Snottiness.'
		-- Mike Padlipsky, Foreword to "Elements of Networking
		   Style"


People who go to conferences are the ones who shouldn't.


Fess:	Well, you must admit there is something innately humorous about
	a man chasing an invention of his own halfway across the galaxy.
Rod:	Oh yeah, it's a million yuks, sure.  But after all, isn't that the
	basic difference between robots and humans?
Fess:	What, the ability to form imaginary constructs?
Rod:	No, the ability to get hung up on them.
		-- Christopher Stasheff, "The Warlock in Spite of Himself"


It was his third marriage and her fourth.  He was quite surprised when on
their honeymoon she pleaded, "Please be gentle, I'm still a virgin."
	"Darling, what do you mean you're still a virgin?  You've been
married three times."
	"Yes, but they all worked for DEC.  The first was a salesman,
and all he ever did was promise how good it would be.  The second was one
of their software hacks, he told me to take care of it myself.  And the
third was a field service representative, and he kept promising that it
would be up in 15 minutes.


Chicago, n.:
	Where the dead still vote ... early and often!


The meek will inherit the earth -- if that's OK with you.


Giving money and power to governments is like giving whiskey and
car keys to teenage boys.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


After the last of 16 mounting screws has been removed from an access
cover, it will be discovered that the wrong access cover has been removed.


There was a boy called Eustace Clarence Scrubb, and he almost deserved it.
		-- C. S. Lewis, "The Chronicles of Narnia"


This is a country where people are free to practice their religion,
regardless of race, creed, color, obesity, or number of dangling keys...


Chicken Little only has to be right once.


A plucked goose doesn't lay golden eggs.


In America today ... we have Woody Allen, whose humor has become so
sophisticated that nobody gets it any more except Mia Farrow.  All
those who think Mia Farrow should go back to making movies where the
devil gets her pregnant and Woody Allen should go back to dressing up
as a human sperm, please raise your hands.  Thank you.
		-- Dave Barry, "Why Humor is Funny"


What I mean (and everybody else means) by the word QUALITY cannot be
broken down into subjects and predicates.  This is not because Quality
is so mysterious but because Quality is so simple, immediate, and direct.
		-- Robert Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"


No matter how old a mother is, she watches her middle-aged children for
signs of improvement.
		-- Florida Scott-Maxwell


The Analytical Engine weaves Algebraical patterns
just as the Jacquard loom weaves flowers and leaves.
		-- Ada Augusta, Countess of Lovelace, the first programmer


What the fuck, over?


	With deep concern, if not alarm, Dick noted that his friend
Conrad was drunker than he'd ever seen him before.  "What's the trouble,
buddy?", he asked, sliding onto the stool next to his friend.
	"It's a woman, Dick," Conrad replied.
	"I guessed that much.  Tell me about it."
	"I can't," Conrad said.  But after a few more drinks his tongue
and resolution both seemed to weaken and, turning to his buddy, he said,
"Okay. It's your wife."
	"My wife!!"
	"Yeah."
	"What about her?"
	Conrad pondered the question heavily, and draped his arm around
his pal.  "Well, buddy-boy," he said, "I'm afraid she's cheating on us."


You roll my log, and I will roll yours.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca


We have an equal opportunity Calculus class -- it's fully integrated.


Some days you are the bug; some days you are the windshield.


NEVER swerve to hit a lawyer riding a bicycle -- it might be your bicycle.


To a Californian, a person must prove himself criminally insane before he
is allowed to drive a taxi in New York.  For New York cabbies, honesty and
stopping at red lights are both optional.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


There is no realizable power that man cannot, in time, fashion the
tools to attain, nor any power so secure that the naked ape will not
abuse it.  So it is written in the genetic cards -- only physics and
war hold him in check.  And also the wife who wants him home by five,
of course.
		-- Encyclopedia Apocryphia, 1990 ed.


"How many hors d'oeuvres you are allowed to take off a tray being
carried by a waiter at a nice party?"

Two, but there are ways around it, depending on the style of the hors
d'oeuvre.  If they're those little pastry things where you can't tell
what's inside, you take one, bite off about two-thirds of it, then
say:  "This is cheese!  I hate cheese!"  Then you put the rest of it
back on the tray and bite another one and go, "Darn it!  Another
cheese!" and so on.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"


God isn't dead, He's just trying to avoid the draft.


Fine day to work off excess energy.  Steal something heavy.


=======================================================================
||								     ||
|| The FORTUNE-COOKIE program is soon to be a Major Motion Picture!  ||
||	   Watch for it at a theater near you next summer!	     ||
||								     ||
=======================================================================
	Francis Ford Coppola presents a George Lucas Production:
			"Fortune Cookie"
	Directed by Steven Spielberg.
	Starring  Harrison Ford  Bette Midler  Marlon Brando
		  Christopher Reeves  Marilyn Chambers
		  and Bob Hope as "The Waiter".
	Costumes Designed by Pierre Cardin.
	Special Effects by Timothy Leary.
	Read the Warner paperback!
	Invoke the Unix program!
	Soundtrack on XTC Records.
	In 70mm and Dolby Stereo at selected theaters and terminal
		centers.


I can remember when a good politician had to be 75 percent ability and
25 percent actor, but I can well see the day when the reverse could be
true.
		-- Harry S. Truman


Alive without breath,
As cold as death;
Never thirsty, ever drinking,
All in mail ever clinking.


White's Statement:
	Don't lose heart!

Owen's Commentary on White's Statement:
	...they might want to cut it out...

Byrd's Addition to Owen's Commentary:
	...and they want to avoid a lengthy search.


Klatu barada nikto.


He could be a poster child for retroactive birth control.


Dear Ann Landers:
	I have a problem.  I have two brothers; one works for the Illinois
Bell Telephone Company, the other brother was just sentenced to death
in the electric chair for murder.  My mother died from insanity when
I was three years old.  My two sisters are prostitutes and my father
sells narcotics.
	I recently met girl who was just released from a reformatory where
she served time for smothering her illegitimate child to death.  I love
this girl and want to marry her.  My problem is this -- dare I tell her
about my brother who works for Illinois Bell?
		-- Confused


====================
Inter-Dwarf Memo
To: Dwarf-list
From: Doc
Re: S. White

	If that bitch cleans one more thermometer with Ajax, I'm gonna kill
her.  I'll give her apples, nice big apples.  With surprises inside. Yeah,
surprises.


Logic is the chastity belt of the mind!


God was satisfied with his own work, and that is fatal.
		-- Samuel Butler


Mental power tended to corrupt, and absolute intelligence tended to
corrupt absolutely, until the victim eschewed violence entirely in
favor of smart solutions to stupid problems.
		-- Piers Anthony


I don't have to take this abuse from you -- I've got
hundreds of people waiting to abuse me.
		-- Bill Murray, "Ghostbusters"


Article the Third:
	Where a crime of the kidneys has been committed, the accused should
	enjoy the right to a speedy diaper change.  Public announcements and
	guided tours of the aforementioned are not necessary.
Article the Fourth:
	The decision to eat strained lamb or not should be with the "feedee"
	and not the "feeder".  Blowing the strained lamb into the feeder's
	face should be accepted as an opinion, not as a declaration of war.
Article the Fifth:
	Babies should enjoy the freedom to vocalize, whether it be in church,
	a public meeting place, during a movie, or after hours when the
	lights are out.  They have not yet learned that joy and laughter have
	to last a lifetime and must be conserved.
		-- Erma Bombeck, "A Baby's Bill of Rights"


Baseball is a skilled game.  It's America's game -- it, and high taxes.
		-- Will Rogers


The best equipment for your work is, of course, the most expensive.
However, your neighbor is always wasting money that should be yours
by judging things by their price.


BYTE editors are people who separate the wheat from the chaff, and then
carefully print the chaff.


The shifts of Fortune test the reliability of friends.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero


The end of labor is to gain leisure.


Tempt not a desperate man.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet"


Technicality, n.:
	In an English court a man named Home was tried for slander in
	having accused a neighbor of murder.  His exact words were: "Sir
	Thomas Holt hath taken a cleaver and stricken his cook upon the
	head, so that one side of his head fell on one shoulder and the
	other side upon the other shoulder."  The defendant was
	acquitted by instruction of the court, the learned judges
	holding that the words did not charge murder, for they did not
	affirm the death of the cook, that being only an inference.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The hatred of relatives is the most violent.
		-- Tacitus (c.55 - c.117)


Beggars should be no choosers.
		-- John Heywood


If you're careful enough, nothing
bad or good will ever happen to you.


You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
		-- Indira Gandhi


He that bringeth a present, findeth the door open.
		-- Scottish proverb


Had he and I but met
By some old ancient inn,		But ranged as infantry,
We should have sat us down to wet	And staring face to face,
Right many a nipperkin!			I shot at him as he at me,
					And killed him in his place.
I shot him dead because --
Because he was my foe,			He thought he'd 'list, perhaps,
Just so: my foe of course he was;	Off-hand-like -- just as I --
That's clear enough; although		Was out of work -- had sold his traps
					No other reason why.
Yes; quaint and curious war is!
You shoot a fellow down
You'd treat, if met where any bar is
Or help to half-a-crown.
		-- Thomas Hardy


There are three principal ways to lose money: wine, women, and
engineers.  While the first two are more pleasant, the third is by far
the more certain.
		-- Baron Rothschild, ca. 1800


We love our little Johnny
He's the best little boy in all the world
And we wouldn't trade him for anything
That's how much we love him.
No, we couldn't live without him
So that's why, since he died,
We keep him safe in our G.E. freezer.
He's so good, so well-behaved,
Even better than before;
Oh, such a wonderful kid he is.
Alice and me, we'll never be lonely,
Never miss our little Johnny,
He'll never grow up and leave us
That's why we love him like we do.
		-- Mr. Mincemeat


Two old men are walking down the boardwalk when one of them tells the other
that he has to leave, his wife is expecting him to come home and make love
with her.
	The other man is astonished.  "Make love to your wife?  You're as old
as I am!  Nearly eighty years old!  What do you mean you have to go home and
make love to your wife?"
	The first man smiles and says, "We have a *great* sex life.  We make
love every day."
	"You're kidding!" says his friend.  "How do you do it?"
	"Pumpernickel bread.  That's the secret."  And he dashes off home.
	The other man starts to walk home.  "Hmmm," he thinks to himself
pumpernickel bread.  Well, it's worth a try."  So he goes into a nearby
bakery.
	Going up to the woman at the counter, he asks for their entire stock
of pumpernickel bread.  The woman stares at him in astonishment.  "You want
all the pumpernickel bread we have?  Are you sure?  Don't you know that it
will get hard?"
	"How come," demands the man, "everybody knows about this but me?"


