A fitter fits;				Though sinners sin
A cutter cuts;				And thinners thin
And an aircraft spotter spots;		And paper-blotters blot
A baby-sitter				I've never yet
Baby-sits --				Had letters let
But an otter never ots.			Or seen an otter ot.

A batter bats
(Or scatters scats);
A potting shed's for potting;
But no one's found
A bounder bound
Or caught an otter otting.
		-- Ralph Lewin


Work is of two kinds: first, altering the position of matter at or near
the earth's surface relative to other matter; second, telling other people
to do so.
		-- Bertrand Russell


You can measure a programmer's perspective by noting his attitude on
the continuing viability of FORTRAN.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


Don't worry if you're a kleptomaniac,
you can always take something for it.


The best way to preserve a right is to exercise it, and the right to
smoke is a right worth dying for.


See, these two penguins walked into a bar, which was really stupid, 'cause
the second one should have seen it.


Don't remember what you can infer.
		-- Harry Tennant


You will be run over by a bus.


One planet is all you get.


Alas, I am dying beyond my means.
		-- Oscar Wilde [as he sipped champagne on his deathbed]


Never trust anyone who says money is no object.


I can't understand why a person will take a year or two to write a
novel when he can easily buy one for a few dollars.
		-- Fred Allen


Would you people stop playing these stupid games?!?!?!!!!


Life is a game.  In order to have a game, something has to be more
important than something else.  If what already is, is more important
than what isn't, the game is over.  So, life is a game in which what
isn't, is more important than what is.  Let the good times roll.
		-- Werner Erhard


What is robbing a bank compared with founding a bank?
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "The Threepenny Opera"


If reporters don't know that truth is plural, they ought to be lawyers.
		-- Tom Wicker


She was coming round the mountain doin' ninety,
When the chain on her motorcycle broke,
	Now she's lying in the grass,
	With the muffler up her ass,
And her tits a-playin' Dixie on the spokes.


HOGAN'S HEROES DRINKING GAME --
	Take a shot every time:

-- Sergeant Schultz says, "I knoooooowww nooooothing!"
-- General Burkhalter or Major Hochstetter intimidate/insult Colonel Klink.
-- Colonel Klink falls for Colonel Hogan's flattery.
-- One of the prisoners sneaks out of camp (one shot for each prisoner to go).
-- Colonel Klink snaps to attention after answering the phone (two shots
	if it's one of our heroes on the other end).
-- One of the Germans is threatened with being sent to the Russian front.
-- Corporal Newkirk calls up a German in his phoney German accent, and
	tricks him (two shots if it's Colonel Klink).
-- Hogan has a romantic interlude with a beautiful girl from the underground.
-- Colonel Klink relates how he's never had an escape from Stalag 13.
-- Sergeant Schultz gives up a secret (two shots if he's bribed with food).
-- The prisoners listen to the Germans' conversation by a hidden transmitter.
-- Sergeant Schultz "captures" one of the prisoners after an escape.
-- Lebeau pronounces "colonel" as "cuh-loh-`nell".
-- Carter builds some kind of device (two shots if it's not explosive).
-- Lebeau wears his apron.
-- Hogan says "We've got no choice" when the someone claims that the
	plan is impossible.
-- The prisoners capture an important German, and sneak him out the tunnel.


X windows:
	You'd better sit down.
	Don't laugh.  It could be YOUR thesis project.
	Why do it right when you can do it wrong?
	Live the nightmare.
	Our bugs run faster.
	When it absolutely, positively HAS to crash overnight.
	There ARE no rules.
	You'll wish we were kidding.
	Everything you never wanted in a window system.  And more.
	Dissatisfaction guaranteed.
	There's got to be a better way.
	The next best thing to keypunching.
	Leave the thrashing to us.
	We wrote the book on core dumps.
	Even your dog won't like it.
	More than enough rope.
	Garbage at your fingertips.

Incompatibility.  Shoddiness.  Uselessness.
	X windows.


Hear about...
	the young Chinese woman who just won the lottery?
	One fortunate cookie...


The world is an 8000 mile in diameter spherical pile of shit.


Boy, that crayon sure did hurt!


Hit them biscuits with another touch of gravy,
Burn that sausage just a match or two more done.
Pour my black old coffee longer,
While that smell is gettin' stronger
A semi-meal ain't nuthin' much to want.

Loan me ten, I got a feelin' it'll save me,
With an ornery soul who don't shoot pool for fun,
If that coat'll fit you're wearin',
The Lord'll bless your sharin'
A semi-friend ain't nuthin' much to want.

And let me halfway fall in love,
For part of a lonely night,
With a semi-pretty woman in my arms.
Yes, I could halfway fall in deep--
Into a snugglin', lovin' heap,
With a semi-pretty woman in my arms.
		-- Elroy Blunt


Exuberant Sue from Anjou
Found that fucking affected her hue.
	She presented to sight
	Nipples pink, bottom white;
But her asshole was purple and blue.


Been through hell?
What did you bring back for me?


The Lord prefers common-looking people.  That is the reason that He makes
so many of them.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Es brilig war.  Die schlichte Toven
	Wirrten und wimmelten in Waben;
Und aller-m"umsige Burggoven
	Dir mohmen R"ath ausgraben.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


TOTD (T-shirt Of The Day):
	I'm the person your mother warned you about.


Fess:	Well, you must admit there is something innately humorous about
	a man chasing an invention of his own halfway across the galaxy.
Rod:	Oh yeah, it's a million yuks, sure.  But after all, isn't that the
	basic difference between robots and humans?
Fess:	What, the ability to form imaginary constructs?
Rod:	No, the ability to get hung up on them.
		-- Christopher Stasheff, "The Warlock in Spite of Himself"


My advice to the women's clubs of America is to raise more hell and fewer
dahlias.
		-- William Allen White


There must be at least 500,000,000 rats in the United
States; of course, I never heard the story before.


The Encyclopaedia Galactica defines a robot as a mechanical apparatus designed
to do the work of a man.  The marketing division of Sirius Cybernetics
Corporation defines a robot as "Your Plastic Pal Who's Fun To Be With".
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy defines the marketing division of the
Sirius Cybernetics Corporation as "a bunch of mindless jerks who'll be the
first against the wall when the revolution comes", with a footnote to effect
that the editors would welcome applications from anyone interested in taking
over the post of robotics correspondent.
	Curiously enough, an edition of the Encyclopaedia Galactica that
had the good fortune to fall through a time warp from a thousand years in
the future defined the marketing division of the Sirius Cybernetics
Corporation as "a bunch of mindless jerks who were the first against the
wall when the revolution came".


If it wasn't for the last minute, nothing would get done.


I've been feeling kind of jealous,
Of all them well-hung fellas,
Like Michael, Rod, and Mick.		It would have to be a big one,
Tell me, Doctor can you mend me?	A giant, horny love gun,
I've a case of penis envy --		To let me be a jock.
If I only had a dick.			Girls would never beg my pardon,
					They would turn on to my hardon --
					If I only had a cock.
Oh, I can tell you now,
The number of times I'd score,
I could fuck girls like			I would not be just a housewife,
	I never have before,		Living a little mouse-life
And then I'd cum (wee!)			In days that drag out long.
And fuck some more!			I would dance and I'd be merry
					Life would be a ding-a-derry
					If I only had a dong!
		-- to "If I Only Had A Brain", The Wizard of Oz


VD, n.:
	The gift that keeps on giving.


When operating the diopter adjustment knob with your eye to the view-
finder, be careful not to put your fingers or fingernails in your eye.
		-- found in the users manual of the Nikon D2x camera,
		   a camera for professional photographers


If it happens once, it's a bug.
If it happens twice, it's a feature.
If it happens more than twice, it's a design philosophy.


Kime's Law for the Reward of Meekness:
	Turning the other cheek merely ensures two bruised cheeks.


A game can by God repent or we'll punish it.
That's how they did it in Salem in the seventeenth century,
and that's how we'll do it now.
		-- Dick Hamlet


QOTD:
	"My shampoo lasts longer than my relationships."


If it flies, floats or fucks, rent it, don't buy it.
		-- Tommy Earl Bruner


Hi there!  This is just a note from me, to you, to tell you, the person
reading this note, that I can't think up any more famous quotes, jokes,
nor bizarre stories, so you may as well go home.


If I had a penis I'd wear it outside,
In cafes and car lots, with pomp and with pride.
If I had a penis I'd pamper it proper
I'd stay in the tub and use me as the stopper.
If I had a penis I'd take it to parties
Stretch it and stroke it and shove it at smarties.
I'd take it to pet shows and teach it to stay.
I'd stuff it in turkeys on Thanksgiving Day.

I'd rival my buddies in sportscars and stick shifts.
I'd shower my spire with girlies and gifts.
I'd peek around corners; I'd aim at my toilet;
I'd poke it at foreigners and soap it and oil it.
If I had a penis I'd run to my mother;
Comb out the hair and compare it to brother.
I'd lance her, I'd knight her, my hands would indulge...
Pants would seem tighter and buckle and bulge.
[Chorus]
	A penis to plunder, a penis to push
	'Cause one in the hand is worth one in the bush.
	A penis to love me, a penis to share,
	To pick up and play with when nobody's there.
		-- Uncle Bonsai, "Penis Envy"


We are going to give a little something, a few little years more, to
socialism, because socialism is defunct.  It dies all by itself.  The bad
thing is that socialism, being a victim of its ... Did I say socialism?
		-- Fidel Castro


There was, it appeared, a mysterious rite of initiation through which,
in one way or another, almost every member of the team passed.  The term
that the old hands used for this rite -- West invented the term, not the
practice -- was `signing up.'  By signing up for the project you agreed
to do whatever was necessary for success.  You agreed to forsake, if
necessary, family, hobbies, and friends -- if you had any of these left
(and you might not, if you had signed up too many times before).
		-- Tracy Kidder, "The Soul of a New Machine"


Taking drugs in the 60's, I tried to reach Nirvana, but all I ever
got were re-runs of The Mickey Mouse Club.
		-- Rev. Jim


God must have loved calories, she made so many of them.


A committee is a group that keeps the minutes and loses hours.
		-- Milton Berle


Laetrile is the pits.


In the course of reading Hadamard's "The Psychology of Invention in the
Mathematical Field", I have come across evidence supporting a fact
which we coffee achievers have long appreciated:  no really creative,
intelligent thought is possible without a good cup of coffee.  On page
14, Hadamard is discussing Poincare's theory of fuchsian groups and
fuchsian functions, which he describes as "... one of his greatest
discoveries, the first which consecrated his glory ..."  Hadamard refers
to Poincare having had a "... sleepless night which initiated all that
memorable work ..." and gives the following, very revealing quote:

	"One evening, contrary to my custom, I drank black coffee and
	could not sleep.  Ideas rose in crowds;  I felt them collide
	until pairs interlocked, so to speak, making a stable
	combination."

Too bad drinking black coffee was contrary to his custom.  Maybe he
could really have amounted to something as a coffee achiever.


	The Lord and I are in a sheep-shepherd relationship, and I am in
a position of negative need.
	He prostrates me in a green-belt grazing area.
	He conducts me directionally parallel to non-torrential aqueous
liquid.
	He returns to original satisfaction levels my psychological makeup.
	He switches me on to a positive behavioral format for maximal
prestige of His identity.
	It should indeed be said that notwithstanding the fact that I make
ambulatory progress through the umbrageous inter-hill mortality slot, terror
sensations will no be initiated in me, due to para-etical phenomena.
	Your pastoral walking aid and quadrupic pickup unit introduce me
into a pleasurific mood state.
	You design and produce a nutriment-bearing furniture-type structure
in the context of non-cooperative elements.
	You act out a head-related folk ritual employing vegetable extract.
	My beverage utensil experiences a volume crisis.
	It is an ongoing deductible fact that your inter-relational
empathetical and non-ventious capabilities will retain me as their
target-focus for the duration of my non-death period, and I will possess
tenant rights in the housing unit of the Lord on a permanent, open-ended
time basis.


I'm not under the alkafluence of inkahol
that some thinkle peep I am.
It's just the drunker I sit here the longer I get.


Advertising may be described as the science of arresting the human
intelligence long enough to get money from it.


When women kiss it always reminds one of prize fighters shaking hands.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Sententiae"


	I managed to say, "Sorry," and no more.  I knew that he disliked
me to cry.
	This time he said, watching me, "On some occasions it is better
to weep."
	I put my head down on the table and sobbed, "If only she could come
back; I would be nice."
	Francis said, "You gave her great pleasure always."
	"Oh, not enough."
	"Nobody can give anybody enough."
	"Not ever?"
	"No, not ever.  But one must go on trying."
	"And doesn't one ever value people until they are gone?"
	"Rarely," said Francis.  I went on weeping; I saw how little I had
valued him; how little I had valued anything that was mine.
		-- Pamela Frankau, "The Duchess and the Smugs"


	"A penny for your thoughts?"
	"A dollar for your death."
		-- The Odd Couple


	One day it was announced that the young monk Kyogen had reached
an enlightened state.  Much impressed by this news, several of his peers
went to speak with him.
	"We have heard that you are enlightened.  Is this true?" his fellow
students inquired.
	"It is", Kyogen answered.
	"Tell us", said a friend, "how do you feel?"
	"As miserable as ever", replied the enlightened Kyogen.


Money can't buy happiness, but it can make you
awfully comfortable while you're being miserable.
		-- C. B. Luce


We call our dog Egypt, because in every room he leaves a pyramid.


When in doubt, tell the truth.
		-- Mark Twain


Young men are fitter to invent than to judge; fitter for execution than for
counsel; and fitter for new projects than for settled business.  For the
experience of age, in things that fall within the compass of it, directeth
them; but in new things, abuseth them.  The errors of young men are the ruin
of business; but the errors of aged men amount but to this, that more might
have been done, or sooner.  Young men, in the conduct and management of
actions, embrace more than they can hold; stir more than they can quiet; fly
to the end, without consideration of the means and degrees; pursue some few
principles which they have chanced upon absurdly; care not how they innovate,
which draws unknown inconveniences; and, that which doubleth all errors, will
not acknowledge or retract them; like an unready horse, that will neither stop
nor turn.  Men of age object too much, consult too long, adventure too little,
repent too soon, and seldom drive business home to the full period, but
content themselves with a mediocrity of success.  Certainly, it is good to
compound employments of both ... because the virtues of either age may correct
the defects of both.
		-- Francis Bacon, "Essay on Youth and Age"


Would you please have another look at my nose and put in that cocaine
stuff ...
		-- Adolf Hitler, quoted by Dr. Giesing in Nuremberg
		   trial testimony, 1947


For some reason a glaze passes over people's faces when you say
"Canada".  Maybe we should invade South Dakota or something.
		-- Sandra Gotlieb, wife of the Canadian ambassador to the U.S.


It is not true that life is one damn thing after another -- it is one
damn thing over and over.
		-- Edna St. Vincent Millay


They don't suffer.  They can't even speak English.
		-- George F. Baer, answering a reporter's
		   question about the suffering of starving miners.


Brucify, v.:
	1: Kill by nailing onto style(9); "David O'Brien was brucified"
	2: Annoy constantly by reminding of potential improvements
	   [syn: {torment}, {rag}, {tantalize}, {bedevil}, {dun},
	   {frustrate}]
	3: Fix problems that were indicated in an earlier brucification
	   (of one of the two other meanings).
The word 'brucify' originally comes from the style-reviews of Bruce
Evans of the FreeBSD project, but is now also sometimes used for
reviews just done in his spirit.


Nobody is one block of harmony.  We are all afraid of something, or feel
limited in something.  We all need somebody to talk to.  It would be good
if we talked to each other--not just pitter-patter, but real talk.  We
shouldn't be so afraid, because most people really like this contact;
that you show you are vulnerable makes them free to be vulnerable too.
It's so much easier to be together when we drop our masks.
		-- Liv Ullman


GURU:
	A person in T-shirt and sandals who took an elevator ride with
	a senior vice-president and is ultimately responsible for the
	phone call you are about to receive from your boss.


	"How would I know if I believe in love at first sight?" the sexy
social climber said to her roommate.  "I mean, I've never seen a Porsche
full of money before."


Violence is molding.


Did I say 2?  I lied.


A mathematician is a device for turning coffee into theorems.
		-- P. Erdos


Champagne don't make me lazy.
Cocaine don't drive me crazy.
Ain't nobody's business but my own.
		-- Taj Mahal


Destiny is a good thing to accept when it's going your way. When it isn't,
don't call it destiny; call it injustice, treachery, or simple bad luck.
		-- Joseph Heller, "God Knows"


Genius, n.:
	A chemist who discovers a laundry additive that rhymes with
	"bright".


There's nothing in the middle of the road but yellow stripes and dead
armadillos.
		-- Jim Hightower, Texas Agricultural Commissioner


It's all right letting yourself go as long as you can let yourself back.
		-- Mick Jagger


You will meet an important person who will help you advance professionally.


A man is like a rusty wheel on a rusty cart,
He sings his song as he rattles along and then he falls apart.
		-- Richard Thompson


Juall's Law on Nice Guys:
	Nice guys don't always finish last; sometimes they don't finish.
	Sometimes they don't even get a chance to start!


Confucius say too much.
		-- Recent Chinese proverb


What's so funny?


Live fast, die young, and leave a flat patch of fur on the highway!
		-- The Squirrels' Motto (The "Hell's Angels of Nature")


If life gives you lemons, make lemonade.


Bride, n.:
	A woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Welcome thy neighbor into thy fallout shelter.
He'll come in handy if you run out of food.
		-- Dean McLaughlin


Barach's Rule:
	An alcoholic is a person who drinks more than his own physician.


Television is a medium because anything well done is rare.
		-- attributed to both Fred Allen and Ernie Kovacs


Troubled day for virgins over 16 who are beautiful, wealthy, and live
in eucalyptus trees.


Is death legally binding?


You will soon forget this.


If swimming is so good for your figure, how come whales look the
way they do?


If you can read this, you're too close.


fortune: No such file or directory


Quick, sing me the BUDAPEST NATIONAL ANTHEM!!


He who laughs last usually had to have joke explained.


Remember the... the... uhh.....


Battle, n.:
	A method of untying with the teeth a political knot that
	will not yield to the tongue.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Large increases in cost with questionable increases in
performance can be tolerated only in race horses and women.
		-- Lord Kelvin


(He opens a tolm and begins.)

	It says: "In the beginning was the Word."
	Already I am stopped.  It seems absurd.
	The Word does not deserve the highest prize,
	I must translate it otherwise.
	If I am well inspired and not blind.
	It says: "In the beginning was the Mind."
	Ponder that first line, wait and see,
	Lest you should write too hastily.
	Is the Mind the all-creating source?
	It ought to say: "In the beginning there was Force."
	Yet something warns me as I grasp the pen,
	That my translation must be changed again.
	The spirit helps me.  Now it is exact.
	I write: "In the beginning was the Act."
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, "Faust"


INTEREST:
	What borrowers pay, lenders receive, stockholders own, and
	burned out employees must feign.


God is an atheist.


When I was seven years old, I was once reprimanded by my mother for an act
of collective brutality in which I had been involved at school.  A group of
seven-year-olds had been teasing and tormenting a six-year-old.  "It is
always so," my mother said.  "You do things together which not one of you
would think of doing alone."  ...  Wherever one looks in the world of human
organization, collective responsibility brings a lowering of moral standards.
The military establishment is an extreme case, an organization which seems
to have been expressly designed to make it possible for people to do things
together which nobody in his right mind would do alone.
		-- Freeman Dyson, "Weapons and Hope"


Al Gore resembled a Vulcan desperately in need of a blow job.
		-- Bobcat Goldthwait


Here's to the girl that's dressed in black,
She's dressed so neat there's nothing to lack
She feels so fine and kisses so sweet
She makes things stand that have no feet.


Good girls go to heaven, bad girls go everywhere.


Bacon's not the only thing that's cured by hanging from a string.


If you want to know how old a man is, ask his brother-in-law.


Rudd's Discovery:
	You know that any senator or congressman could go home and make
	$300,000 to $400,000, but they don't.  Why?  Because they can
	stay in Washington and make it there.


Real Users never use the Help key.


Quack!
	Quack!! Quack!!


There is always more hell that needs raising.
		-- Lauren Leveut


The real reason large families benefit society is because at least
a few of the children in the world shouldn't be raised by beginners.


A Scotsman clad in kilts left a bar one evening fair.
One could tell by how he walked, he'd drunk more than his share.
He staggered on until he could no longer keep his feet.
So he stumbled off into the grass to sleep beside the street.

Later on two young and lovely girls just happened by.
One says to the other, with a twinkle in her eye.
"See yon sleeping Scotsman so young and handsome built?"
"I wonder if it's true what they don't wear beneath their kilts?"

They stepped up to the Scotsman, so young and fancy free.
They lifted up his kilt above the waist so they could see.
And there behold for them the view beneath his Scottish skirt,
Was nothing more than God had graced him with upon his birth.

They marveled for a moment, then one said, "Best be gone."
"Let's leave a present for our friend before we move along."
As a gift they left a blue ribbon tied into a bow,
Around the bonny star of the Scot's kilt lifting show.

The Scot awoke to nature's call and stumbled to the trees.
Behind a bush he lifts his kilt and gawks at what he sees.
Then in a startled voice he says to what's before his eyes,
"Och, lad I dinna know whar' ya been, but I see ya won first prize."
		-- Mike Cross, "The Scotsman"


Murray's Rule:
	Any country with "democratic" in the title isn't.


Blessed are the meek for they shall inhibit the earth.


Sinners can repent, but stupid is forever.


The investment community feels very putupon.  They feel there is no
reason why they shouldn't earn $1 million to $200 million a year,
and they don't want to be held responsible for the global financial
meltdown.
		-- Daniel Fass, Chairman of United States President
		   Barack Obama's financial-industry fundraising party
		   20 October 2009


SCORPIO (Oct.24 - Nov.21)
	You will receive word today that you are eligible to win a million
	dollars in prizes.  It will be from a magazine trying to get you to
	subscribe, and you're just dumb enough to think you've got a chance
	to win.  You never learn.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(27) Soviet leaders were actually left-wing dictators.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Help!  I'm trapped in a Chinese computer factory!


