Said the cunt-lapping Bey of Algiers,
In a cunt halfway up to his ears:
	"This nautch is delicious,
	 And without doubt nutritious.
She's my best-tasting wife in ten years!"


Truth is hard to find and harder to obscure.


Last week's pet, this week's special.


Creativity in living is not without its attendant difficulties, for
peculiarity breeds contempt. And the unfortunate thing about being
ahead of your time when people finally realize you were right, they'll
say it was obvious all along.
		-- Alan Ashley-Pitt


Dungeons and Dragons is just a lot of Saxon Violence.


Until Eve arrived, this was a man's world.
		-- Richard Armour


A box without hinges, key, or lid,
Yet golden treasure inside is hid.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


Pig, n.:
	An animal (Porcus omnivorous) closely allied to the human race
	by the splendor and vivacity of its appetite, which, however,
	is inferior in scope, for it balks at pig.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Such a fine first dream!
But they laughed at me; they said
I had made it up.


Q:	How do you play religious roulette?
A:	You stand around in a circle and blaspheme and see who gets struck
	by lightning first.


It was a Roman who said it was sweet to die for one's country.  The Greeks
never said it was sweet to die for anything.  They had no vital lies.
		-- Edith Hamilton, "The Greek Way"


Fremen add life to spice!


The answer is that libdialog, the library on which sysinstall depends
for these menus, is genuinely evil.  It is the unloved, satanic
bastard child of multiple parents and torturing users like yourself
constitutes the only joy in life it has left.  Its source files are
all chmod'd 0666 and dire README files warn against trespass by
neophyte programmers.  It is the 7th gate of Hell.  It makes the baby
Jesus cry.  Were libdialog given anthropomorphic representation, it
would be promptly burnt at the stake and its ashes scattered in the
desert, to be then doused with holy water from altitude by
fire-fighting aircraft.

		-- Jordan K. Hubbard on the evils of libdialog


It's very inconvenient to be mortal -- you never
know when everything may suddenly stop happening.


The Messiah will come.  There will be a resurrection of the dead -- all
the things that Jews believed in before they got so damn sophisticated.
		-- Rabbi Meir Kahane


Lays eggs inside a paper bag;
The reason, you will see, no doubt,
Is to keep the lightning out.
But what these unobservant birds
Have failed to notice is that herds
Of bears may come with buns
And steal the bags to hold the crumbs.


Fresco's Discovery:
	If you knew what you were doing you'd probably be bored.


It took a while to surface, but it appears that a long-distance credit card
may have saved a U.S. Army unit from heavy casualties during the Grenada
military rescue/invasion. Major General David Nichols, Air Force ... said
the Army unit was in a house surrounded by Cuban forces.  One soldier found
a telephone and, using his credit card, called Ft. Bragg, N.C., telling Army
officers there of the perilous situation. The officers in turn called the
Air Force, which sent in gunships to scatter the Cubans and relieve the unit.
		-- Aviation Week and Space Technology


Someday you'll get your big chance -- or have you already had it?


Even if you persuade me, you won't persuade me.
		-- Aristophanes


A Severe Strain on the Credulity
	As a method of sending a missile to the higher, and even to the
highest parts of the earth's atmospheric envelope, Professor Goddard's rocket
is a practicable and therefore promising device. It is when one considers the
multiple-charge rocket as a traveler to the moon that one begins to doubt...
for after the rocket quits our air and really starts on its journey, its
flight would be neither accelerated nor maintained by the explosion of the
charges it then might have left.  Professor Goddard, with his "chair" in
Clark College and countenancing of the Smithsonian Institution, does not
know the relation of action to re-action, and of the need to have something
better than a vacuum against which to react... Of course he only seems to
lack the knowledge ladled out daily in high schools.
		-- New York Times Editorial, 1920


Youth is the trustee of posterity.


Q:	What do you call a group of kids with low IQs, drinking diet cola,
	eating fruit, and singing?
A:	The Moron Tab and Apple Choir.


Families, when a child is born
Want it to be intelligent.
I, through intelligence,
Having wrecked my whole life,
Only hope the baby will prove
Ignorant and stupid.
Then he will crown a tranquil life
By becoming a Cabinet Minister
		-- Su Tung-p'o


Q:	How many Bell Labs Vice Presidents does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	That's proprietary information.  Answer available from AT&T on payment
	of license fee (binary only).


Brigands will demand your money or
your life, but a woman will demand both.
		-- Samuel Butler


Law of Probable Dispersal:
	Whatever it is that hits the fan will not be evenly distributed.


Let me assure you that to us here at First National, you're not just a
number.  You're two numbers, a dash, three more numbers, another dash and
another number.
		-- James Estes


I put the shotgun in an Adidas bag and padded it out with four pairs of
tennis socks, not my style at all, but that was what I was aiming for:  If
they think you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical, go
crude.  I'm a very technical boy.  So I decided to get as crude as possible.
These days, though, you have to be pretty technical before you can even
aspire to crudeness.
		-- William Gibson, "Johnny Mnemonic"


There are running jobs.
Why don't you go chase them?


You have all the characteristics of a popular politician:
a horrible voice, bad breeding, and a vulgar manner.
		-- Aristophanes


The sun never sets on those who ride into it.
		-- RKO


Sex and drugs and UNIX.


Gerrold's Laws of Infernal Dynamics:
	1) An object in motion will always be headed in the wrong direction.
	2) An object at rest will always be in the wrong place.
	3) The energy required to change either one of these states
	   will always be more than you wish to expend, but never so
	   much as to make the task totally impossible.


You think Oedipus had a problem -- Adam was Eve's mother.


Sight is a faculty; seeing is an art.


Who on earth would eat a charred caterpillar!?
No, no, you SINGE 'em!  You SINGE 'em and eat 'em!


Her locks an ancient lady gave
Her loving husband's life to save;
And men -- they honored so the dame --
Upon some stars bestowed her name.

But to our modern married fair,
Who'd give their lords to save their hair,
No stellar recognition's given.
There are not stars enough in heaven.


It is only by risking our persons from one hour to another that we live
at all.  And often enough our faith beforehand in an uncertified result
is the only thing that makes the result come true.
		-- William James


The surest way to remain a winner is to
win once, and then not play any more.


A handful of friends is worth more than a wagon of gold.


Uh-oh -- I've let the cat out of the bag.  Let me, then,
straightforwardly state the thesis I shall now elaborate:
Making variations on a theme is really the crux of creativity.
		-- Douglas R. Hofstadter, "Metamagical Themas"


If you are smart enough to know that you're not
smart enough to be an Engineer, then you're in Business.


Term, holidays, term, holidays, till we leave
school, and then work, work, work till we die.
		-- C. S. Lewis


Having lost his potency years before, the octogenarian was desperate to
satisfy his new 18-year-old wife.  He visited a gypsy woman with magical
powers.
	After the man downed a foul-tasting potion, the gypsy said, "There.
Now the words beep-beep will give you an enormous erection.  Repeating
the phrase will make it disappear.  But remember," she cautioned, "it will
work only three times.  Make use of them wisely."
	As the old man left, he decided to test her prediction.  "Beep-beep,"
he said, and sure enough, he got the biggest erection of his life.
"Beep-beep", he repeated.  It went away.
	He sped through traffic on his way home.  "Beep-beep," honked a taxi.
The old man gasped as he instantly got hard.
	"Beep-beep," honked a truck.  His erection wilted.
	Pulling into his driveway at last, the frantic man rushed inside
and found his nubile wife lying on the bed reading a novel.
	"Have I got a surprise for you," he said, tearing off his clothes.
"Beep-beep!"
	"Hold on a second," his wife said, eyeing his magnificent erection.
"What's all this beep-beep shit?"


Now I lay me down to sleep,
I pray the Lord my soul to keep,
If I should die before I wake,
I'll cry in anguish, "Mistake!!  Mistake!!"


Sometimes guys'll say to you, "Have a good one."  I say, "I already have
a good one.  Now I'm looking for a longer one."
		-- George Carlin


Life is a gamble at terrible odds, if it was a bet you wouldn't take it.
		-- Tom Stoppard, "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead"


The Queen is most anxious to enlist every one who can speak or write to
join in checking this mad, wicked folly of "Woman's Rights", with all its
attendant horrors, on which her poor feeble sex is bent, forgetting every
sense of womanly feeling and propriety.  Lady-- ought to get a good
whipping.  It is a subject which makes the Queen so furious that she cannot
contain herself.  God created men and women different -- then let them
remain each in their own position.
		-- Letter to Sir Theodore Martin, 29 May 1870, from
		   Queen Victoria


The trouble with opportunity is that it
always comes disguised as hard work.
		-- Herbert V. Prochnow


What did Mickey Mouse get for Christmas?
A Dan Quayle watch.


Dying is a very dull, dreary affair.  My advice to you is to have
nothing whatever to do with it.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham, his last words


Endless the world's turn, endless the sun's spinning
Endless the quest;
I turn again, back to my own beginning,
And here, find rest.


It doesn't matter what you do, it only matters what you say you've
done and what you're going to do.


I'm unbuttoning your shirt, unzipping your jeans ...

Oh, I can feel your fingers on the keys, baby,
	I'm getting WARM ...

I am getting there, oh yes,.  Oh, my. OH YES... OHHHH!
	...!!!rrrrrgh!!!!!

Honey, that was *really* terrific, but, next time,
couldn't you please input a little SLOWER?


The only way for writers to meet is to share a quick pee over a common
lamp-post.
		-- Cyril Connolly, "Journal and Memoir"


I used to be disgusted, now I find I'm just amused.
		-- Elvis Costello


James McNeill Whistler's (painter of "Whistler's Mother") failure in his
West Point chemistry examination once provoked him to remark in later life,
"If silicon had been a gas, I should have been a major general."


QOTD:
	"Oh, no, no...  I'm not beautiful.  Just very, very pretty."


If the colleges were better, if they really had it, you would need to get
the police at the gates to keep order in the inrushing multitude.  See in
college how we thwart the natural love of learning by leaving the natural
method of teaching what each wishes to learn, and insisting that you shall
learn what you have no taste or capacity for.  The college, which should
be a place of delightful labor, is made odious and unhealthy, and the
young men are tempted to frivolous amusements to rally their jaded spirits.
I would have the studies elective.  Scholarship is to be created not
by compulsion, but by awakening a pure interest in knowledge.  The wise
instructor accomplishes this by opening to his pupils precisely the
attractions the study has for himself.  The marking is a system for schools,
not for the college; for boys, not for men; and it is an ungracious work to
put on a professor.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


A rolling stone gathers no moss.
		-- Publilius Syrus


TIPS FOR PERFORMERS:
	Playing cards have the top half upside-down to help cheaters.
	There are a finite number of jokes in the universe.
	Singing is a trick to get people to listen to music longer than
		they would ordinarily.
	There is no music in space.
	People will pay to watch people make sounds.
	Everything on stage should be larger than in real life.


Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
		-- Carl Sagan


No guest is so welcome in a friend's house that
he will not become a nuisance after three days.
		-- Titus Maccius Plautus


The Bulwer-Lytton fiction contest is held ever year at San Jose State
Univ.  by Professor Scott Rice.  It is held in memory of Edward George
Earle Bulwer-Lytton (1803-1873), a rather prolific and popular (in his
time) novelist.  He is best known today for having written "The Last
Days of Pompeii."

Whenever Snoopy starts typing his novel from the top of his doghouse,
beginning "It was a dark and stormy night..." he is borrowing from Lord
Bulwer-Lytton.  This was the line that opened his novel, "Paul Clifford,"
written in 1830.  The full line reveals why it is so bad:

	It was a dark and stormy night; the rain fell in torrents -- except
	at occasional intervals, when it was checked by a violent gust of
	wind which swept up the streets (for it is in London that our scene
	lies), rattling along the housetops, and fiercely agitating the scanty
	flame of the lamps that struggled against the darkness.


It is practically impossible to teach good programming to students that
have had a prior exposure to BASIC: as potential programmers they are
mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


The Worst American Poet
	Julia Moore, "the Sweet Singer of Michigan" (1847-1920) was so bad that
Mark Twain said her first book gave him joy for 20 years.
	Her verse was mainly concerned with violent death -- the great fire
of Chicago and the yellow fever epidemic proved natural subjects for her
pen.
	Whether death was by drowning, by fits or by runaway sleigh, the
formula was the same:
		Have you heard of the dreadful fate
		Of Mr. P. P. Bliss and wife?
		Of their death I will relate,
		And also others lost their life
		(in the) Ashbula Bridge disaster,
		Where so many people died.
	Even if you started out reasonably healthy in one of Julia's poems,
the chances are that after a few stanzas you would be at the bottom of a
river or struck by lightning.  A critic of the day said she was "worse than
a Gatling gun" and in one slim volume counted 21 killed and 9 wounded.
	Incredibly, some newspapers were critical of her work, even
suggesting that the sweet singer was "semi-literate".  Her reply was
forthright: "The Editors that has spoken in this scandalous manner have went
beyond reason."  She added that "literary work is very difficult to do".
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Hacker, n.:
	Originally, any person with a knack for coercing stubborn inanimate
things; hence, a person with a happy knack, later contracted by the mythical
philosopher Frisbee Frobenius to the common usage, "hack."
	In olden times, upon completion of some particularly atrocious body
of coding that happened to work well, culpable programmers would gather in
a small circle around a first edition of Knuth's Best Volume I by candlelight,
and proceed to get very drunk while sporadically rending the following ditty:

		Hacker's Fight Song

		He's a Hack!  He's a Hack!
		He's a guy with the happy knack!
		Never bungles, never shirks,
		Always gets his stuff to work!

All take a drink (important!)


My love runs by like a day in June,
	And he makes no friends of sorrows.
He'll tread his galloping rigadoon
	In the pathway or the morrows.
He'll live his days where the sunbeams start
	Nor could storm or wind uproot him.
My own dear love, he is all my heart --
	And I wish somebody'd shoot him.
		-- Dorothy Parker, part 3


Time to be aggressive.  Go after a tattooed Virgo.


Intellect annuls Fate.
So far as a man thinks, he is free.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


What's the matter with the world?  Why, there ain't but one thing wrong
with every one of us - and that's "selfishness."
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


The Preacher, the Politician, the Teacher,
	Were each of them once a kiddie.
A child, indeed, is a wonderful creature.
	Do I want one?  God Forbiddie!
		-- Ogden Nash


The British are coming!  The British are coming!


If practice makes perfect, and nobody's perfect, why practice?


Marriage is like twirling a baton, turning handsprings, or eating with
chopsticks.  It looks easy until you try it.


"Pathetic," he said.  "That's what it is.  Pathetic."
(crosses stream)
"As I thought," he said, "no better from *this* side."
		-- Eeyore


Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature.
		-- Rich Kulawiec


I'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be
living apart.
		-- e. e. cummings


I could dance till the cows come home.  On second thought, I'd rather
dance with the cows till you come home.
		-- Groucho Marx


Airplanes are interesting toys but of no military value.
		-- Marechal Ferdinand Foch, Professor of Strategy,
		   Ecole Superieure de Guerre


Q:	What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish wake?
A:	One more drunk.


Q:	What do you call a woman who can suck a golf ball through 50 feet
	of garden hose?
A:	Darling.
		[Often?  Ed.]


What is tolerance? -- it is the consequence of humanity.  We are all formed
of frailty and error; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly -- that
is the first law of nature.
		-- Voltaire


Write yourself a threatening letter and pen a defiant reply.


The public demands certainties;  it must be told definitely and a bit
raucously that this is true and that is false.  But there are no
certainties.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Prejudice"


A young man walks into a bus station, and goes into the men's room to relieve
himself.  When he steps in he sees a leprechaun with the most enormous penis
he has ever seen.  As he urinates, he cannot avoid spying on the giant member
of the tiny man dressed in green.  The leprechaun zips up and the man asks him
if he is indeed a real leprechaun.
	The little man says, "Aye, me laddie, I'm a leprechaun, and I can
grant you three wishes."
	"Oh, wow!" comes the reply, "What do I need to do?"
	"Well, havin' such a large cock makes it a bit awkward with the
ladies, the thing not fittin' and all...  I'll grant you your three wishes
if you wouldn't mind suckin' me dick 'til I come."  The man is a bit taken
aback, but agrees, realizing that the three wishes will be priceless.  After
the tiny fellow has come, he starts to walk away.
	The man exclaims, "Hey, what about my three wishes?"
	Replies the leprechaun, "How old are you, me boy?"
	"25."
	"Aren't you a wee bit old to be believin' in leprechauns?"


I consider a new device or technology to have been
culturally accepted when it has been used to commit a murder.
		-- M. Gallaher


My experience with government is when things are non-controversial,
beautifully co-ordinated and all the rest, it must be that not much
is going on.
		-- John F. Kennedy


Let's just say that where a change was required, I adjusted.  In every
relationship that exists, people have to seek a way to survive.  If you
really care about the person, you do what's necessary, or that's the end.
For the first time, I found that I really could change, and the qualities
I most admired in myself I gave up.  I stopped being loud and bossy...
Oh, all right.  I was still loud and bossy, but only behind his back."
		-- Kate Hepburn, on Tracy and Hepburn


The opulence of the front office door varies
inversely with the fundamental solvency of the firm.


Breast Feeding should not be attempted by fathers with hairy chests,
since they can make the baby sneeze and give it wind.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Time sharing: The use of many people by the computer.


Repartee is something we think of twenty-four hours too late.
		-- Mark Twain


Vital papers will demonstrate their vitality by spontaneously moving
from where you left them to where you can't find them.


This fortune would be seven words long if it were six words shorter.


A performing octopus could play the piano, the zither and a piccolo, and his
trainer wanted him to add the bagpipe to his accomplishments.  With this in
mind, a bagpipe was placed in the octopus's room, and the trainer awaited
results.  Hours passed, but no bagpipe music was heard.  Since the talented
octopus usually learned quickly, the trainer was disturbed.  Opening the door
the next morning, he asked the octopus,
	"Have you learned to play that thing yet?"
	"Play it!" retorted the octopus. "I've been trying to lay it all
night!"


You can always tell the Christmas season is here when you start getting
incredibly dense, tinfoil-and-ribbon- wrapped lumps in the mail.
Fruitcakes make ideal gifts because the Postal Service has been unable
to find a way to damage them.  They last forever, largely because
nobody ever eats them.  In fact, many smart people save the fruitcakes
they receive and send them back to the original givers the next year;
some fruitcakes have been passed back and forth for hundreds of years.

The easiest way to make a fruitcake is to buy a darkish cake, then
pound some old, hard fruit into it with a mallet.  Be sure to wear
safety glasses.
		-- Dave Barry, "Simple, Homespun Gifts"


In time, every post tends to be occupied by an
employee who is incompetent to carry out its duties.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


In my sweet little night gown of blue,
On the first night that I slept with you,
	I was both shy and scared
	As the bed was prepared,
And you played peekaboo with my ribbons of blue.

As we both watched the break of day,
And in peaceful submission I lay,
	You said you adored it
	But dammit, you tore it,
My sweet little night gown of blue.


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

Compiler optimizations have been made to macro expand LET into a WITHOUT-
INTERRUPTS special form so that it can PUSH things into a stack in the
LET-OPTIMIZATION area, SETQ the variables and then POP them back when it's
done.  Don't worry about this unless you use multiprocessing.
Note that LET *could* have been defined by:

	(LET ((LET '`(LET ((LET ',LET))
			,LET)))
	`(LET ((LET ',LET))
		,LET))

This is believed to speed up execution by as much as a factor of 1.01 or
3.50 depending on whether you believe our friendly marketing representatives.
This code was written by a new programmer here (we snatched him away from
Itty Bitti Machines where we was writing COUGHBOL code) so to give him
confidence we trusted his vows of "it works pretty well" and installed it.


	A musician of more ambition than talent composed an elegy at
the death of composer Edward MacDowell.  She played the elegy for the
pianist Josef Hoffman, then asked his opinion.  "Well, it's quite
nice," he replied, but don't you think it would be better if..."
	"If what?" asked the composer.
	"If ... if you had died and MacDowell had written the elegy?"


A platitude is simply a truth repeated till people get tired of hearing it.
		-- Stanley Baldwin


Money may not buy happiness, but it sure
puts you in a great bargaining position.


I suppose that in a few hours I will sober up. That's such a sad
thought. I think I'll have a few more drinks to prepare myself.


Love makes fools, marriage cuckolds, and patriotism malevolent imbeciles.
		-- Paul Leautaud, "Passe-temps"


Fortune's Rules for Memo Wars: #1

	Any attempt to say that someone's personal beliefs are wrong, even if
you supply conclusive evidence to support your claim, is an outright attack.
If you show someone a flaw in his/her logic, they have every right to punch
you in the face.  Mathematical proofs of errors are the moral equivalent
of rape and should be avoided at all cost.
	Now... your opponent has requested a "rational discussion".  What do
you do?  Well, remember that people are normally willing to discuss things
rationally if and only if you agree with them; anything less would obviously
not be rational.  Therefore, agree immediately, and continue as before.
	Always assume that whenever you see someone making a statement about
"certain parties who shall remain nameless", "some people", "assholes", etc.,
they are talking about *you*.  It is also correct to assume that words you
don't understand, such as "prestidigatory", "lapidarian", and "buprestid",
are direct personal attacks aimed at your loved ones and merit an equally
scathing response.  Failure to do this results in many lost opportunities for
rational discussion.  (See above.)


I don't like the Dutchman.  He's a crocodile.  He's sneaky.
I don't trust him.
		-- Jack "Legs" Diamond, just before a peace conference
		   with Dutch Schultz.

I don't trust Legs.  He's nuts.  He gets excited and starts pulling a
trigger like another guy wipes his nose.
		-- Dutch Schultz, just before a peace conference with
		   "Legs" Diamond.


All jobs should be open to everybody, unless they actually require a
penis or a vagina.
		-- Florynce Kennedy

There are really not many jobs that actually require a penis
or a vagina, and all other occupations should be open to everyone.
		-- Gloria Steinem


Ankh if you love Isis.


Question:
Man Invented Alcohol,
God Invented Grass.
Who do you trust?


Eureka!
		-- Archimedes


When you're a Yup
You're a Yup all the way
From your first slice of Brie
To your last Cabernet.

When you're a Yup
You're not just a dreamer
You're making things happen
You're driving a Beamer.


Sometimes, when I think of what that girl means
to me, it's all I can do to keep from telling her.
		-- Andy Capp


To make tax forms true they should
read "Income Owed Us" and "Incommode You".


Teen-age prostitution: the problem is mounting!


Never buy what you do not want
because it is cheap; it will be dear to you.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Q:	Why do men die before their wives?
A:	They want to.


Humor is a drug which it's the fashion to abuse.
		-- William Gilbert


If we were meant to fly, we wouldn't keep losing our luggage.


	THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #8: LAIDBACK

This language was developed at the Marin County Center for T'ai Chi,
Mellowness and Computer Programming (now defunct), as an alternative to
the more intense atmosphere in nearby Silicon Valley.

The center was ideal for programmers who liked to soak in hot tubs
while they worked.  Unfortunately few programmers could survive there
because the center outlawed Pizza and Coca-Cola in favor of Tofu and
Perrier.

Many mourn the demise of LAIDBACK because of its reputation as a gentle
and non-threatening language since all error messages are in lower
case.  For example, LAIDBACK responded to syntax errors with the
message:
	"i hate to bother you, but i just can't relate to that.  can
	you find the time to try it again?"


FEAR:
	What you feel when you see a U-Haul with Texas license plates.


There is no such thing as an ugly woman -- there are only
the ones who do not know how to make themselves attractive.
		-- Christian Dior


The Supreme Court does it with all deliberate speed.


Ten years of rejection slips is nature's
way of telling you to stop writing.
		-- R. Geis


It's multiple choice time...

	What is FORTRAN?

	a: Between thre and fiv tran.
	b: What two computers engage in before they interface.
	c: Ridiculous.


This guy makes an appointment with a doctor because his hemorrhoids are
really bothering him.  The doctor gives him some suppositories and tells
him to come back in a week for a checkup.  "How's it going?" he asks
the patient a week later.
	"I gotta tell you the truth, Doc," said the man.  "For all the
good these pills did me, I coulda shoved them up my ass."


Q:	How do you hide an elephant in a cherry tree?
A:	Paint his balls red and his toenails green.

Q:	Ever see an elephant in a cherry tree?
A:	No -- so it must work pretty well!

Q:	How did Tarzan die?
A:	Picking cherries!!!


Warp 7 -- It's a law we can live with.


I think the Mormon prophet
Was a very funny man.
I wonder how his wives enjoyed
His Prophet Sharing Plan.


You single-handedly fought your way into this hopeless mess.


	"How'd you get that flat?"
	"Ran over a bottle."
	"Didn't you see it?"
	"Damn kid had it under his coat."


The Great Movie Posters:

A mis-spawned murderous abomination from the nether reaches of an
unimaginable hell.
		-- The Killer of Castle Brood (1967)

NEW -- SICKENING HORROR to make your STOMACH TURN and FLESH CRAWL!
		-- Frankenstein's Bloody Terror (1968)

LUST-MAD MEN AND LAWLESS WOMEN IN A VICIOUS AND SENSUOUS ORGY OF
SLAUGHTER!
		-- Five Bloody Graves (1969)

The family that slays together stays together.
		-- Bloody Mama (1970)


Better to be nouveau than never to have been riche at all.


The light at the end of the tunnel is the headlight of an approaching
train.


