Each man is his own prisoner, in solitary confinement for life.


A copy of the universe is not what is required of art; one of the
damned things is ample.
		-- Rebecca West


A group of scientists discovered an apelike creature in the jungle, which
they hoped would prove to be the missing link.  The proof of their theory,
however, required that a human mate with the animal so that they could see
what characteristics the offspring would assume.  Needing volunteers, the
scientists placed an ad in the paper: "$5000 to mate with ape."
	Almost immediately, they received response from a man who said he
would be willing to take part in the experiment, with three conditions.
	"First," he said, "my wife must never know.  Second, any children
must be baptized.  And, third, I'd have to pay in installments."


The work of Mess Sergeant Potgieter
Is not merely reading a meter.
	By orders of Kirk
	A part of his work
Is dosing the food with saltpeter.


Pro is to con as progress is to Congress.


	A crow perched himself on a telephone wire.  He was going to make a
long-distance caw.


To save a single life is better than to build a seven story pagoda.


Honesty is for the most part less profitable than dishonesty.
		-- Plato


If the path be beautiful, let us not ask where it leads.
		-- Anatole France


The major sin is the sin of being born.
		-- Samuel Beckett


Second Law of Business Meetings:
	If there are two possible ways to spell a person's name, you
	will pick the wrong one.

Corollary:
	If there is only one way to spell a name,
	you will spell it wrong, anyway.


What good is having someone who can walk on water if you don't follow
in his footsteps?


She is not refined.  She is not unrefined.  She keeps a parrot.
		-- Mark Twain


When a lion meets another with a louder roar,
the first lion thinks the last a bore.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but
World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
		-- Albert Einstein


Work expands to fill the time available.
		-- Cyril Northcote Parkinson, "The Economist", 1955


Aim for the moon.  If you miss, you may hit a star.
		-- W. Clement Stone


Chemistry professors never die, they just fail to react.


FORTUNE'S GUIDE TO DEALING WITH REAL-LIFE SCIENCE FICTION: #2
What to do...
    if you get a phone call from Mars:
	Speak slowly and be sure to enunciate your words properly.  Limit
	your vocabulary to simple words.  Try to determine if you are
	speaking to someone in a leadership capacity, or an ordinary citizen.

    if he, she or it doesn't speak English?
	Hang up.  There's no sense in trying to learn Martian over the phone.
	If your Martian really had something important to say to you, he, she
	or it would have taken the trouble to learn the language before
	calling.

    if you get a phone call from Jupiter?
	Explain to your caller, politely but firmly, that being from Jupiter,
	he, she or it is not "life as we know it".  Try to terminate the
	conversation as soon as possible.  It will not profit you, and the
	charges may have been reversed.


The right half of the brain controls the left half of the body.
This means that only left handed people are in their right mind.


Jim, this is Janelle.  I'm flying tonight, so I can't make our date, and
I gotta find a safe place for Daffy.  He loves you, Jim!  It's only two
days, and you'll see.  Great Danes are no problem!


Fast, cheap, good: pick two.


Roses on your piano isn't nearly as good as tulips on your organ.


There are only two kinds of men -- the dead and the deadly.
		-- Helen Rowland


If at first you don't succeed, you must be a programmer.


Joe's sister puts spaghetti in her shoes!


What an artist dies with me!
		-- Nero


There has been a little distress selling on the stock exchange.
		-- Thomas W. Lamont, October 29, 1929


Frankly, Scarlett, I don't have a fix.
		-- Rhett Buggler


Whip it, baby.
Whip it right.
Whip it, baby.
Whip it all night!


Can't act.  Slightly bald.  Also dances.
		-- RKO executive, reacting to Fred Astaire's screen test
		   Cerf/Navasky, "The Experts Speak"


The herd instinct among economists
makes sheep look like independent thinkers.


I believe that professional wrestling is clean
and everything else in the world is fixed.
		-- Frank Deford, sports writer


It is equally bad when one speeds on the guest unwilling to go, and when he
holds back one who is hastening.  Rather one should befriend the guest who
is there, but speed him when he wishes.
		-- Homer, "The Odyssey"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to scheduling.]


Old Mother Hubbard
Went to the cupboard
To get her poor dog a bone.
When she bent over,
Her Rover took over
And she got a bone of her own.
		-- Andrew "Dice" Clay


Science is facts; just as houses are made of stones, so is science made
of facts; but a pile of stones is not a house and a collection of facts
is not necessarily science.
		-- Jules Henri Poincar'e


To stay young requires unceasing cultivation
of the ability to unlearn old falsehoods.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough For Love"


Size counts.


What makes us so bitter against people who outwit us
is that they think themselves cleverer than we are.


You can't get there from here.


As she lay there dozing next beside me, a voice inside my head kept
saying "Relax... you're not the first doctor who's ever slept with
one of his patients," but another voice kept reminding me, "Howard,
you're a veterinarian."


7:30, Channel 5: The Bionic Dog (Action/Adventure)
	The Bionic Dog drinks too much and kicks over the National
	Redwood Forest.


Greatness is a transitory experience. It is never consistent.


When does later become never?


Isn't air travel wonderful?
Breakfast in London, dinner in New York, luggage in Brazil.


I have perfumed my bed with myrrh, aloes, and cinnamon.  Come, let us
take our fill of love until the morning.
		-- Proverbs 7:17-18


Wesley:	I have in fact faced two vampires myself.  Under controlled
	circumstances of course.
Giles:	No danger of finding those here.
Wesley:	Vampires?
Giles:	Controlled circumstances.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Bad Girls"
		   Season 3, Episode 14


Which is worse: ignorance or apathy?  Who knows?  Who cares?


Taxes are not levied for the benefit of the taxed.


GNU Make will no longer go into an infinite loop when fed the horrid
trash that passes for makefiles that `imake' produces (so you can
compile X, despite the extreme stubbornness and irrationality of its
maintainers).
		-- GNU Make 3.55 release notes


The computer is the ultimate polluter.
Its shit is indistinguishable from the food it produces.


Blutarsky's Axiom:
	Nothing is impossible for the man who will not listen to reason.


On a paper submitted by a physicist colleague:

This isn't right.  This isn't even wrong.
		-- Wolfgang Pauli


In any world menu, Canada must be considered the vichyssoise of nations --
it's cold, half-French, and difficult to stir.
		-- Stuart Keate


Any girl who believes that the way to a man's heart is through
his stomach is obviously setting her standards too high.


Men are those creatures with two legs and eight hands.
		-- Jayne Mansfield


Engineering:	"How will this work?"
Science:	"Why will this work?"
Management:	"When will this work?"
Liberal Arts:	"Do you want fries with that?"


... But if we laugh with derision, we will never understand.  Human
intellectual capacity has not altered for thousands of years so far as we
can tell.  If intelligent people invested intense energy in issues that now
seem foolish to us, then the failure lies in our understanding of their
world, not in their distorted perceptions.  Even the standard example of
ancient nonsense -- the debate about angels on pinheads -- makes sense once
you realize that theologians were not discussing whether five or eighteen
would fit, but whether a pin could house a finite or an infinite number.
		-- S. J. Gould, "Wide Hats and Narrow Minds"


GARTER:
	An elastic band intended to keep a woman
	from coming out of her stockings and desolating the country.


Persistence, like perspiration, is 99 percent of the fine art of love.


The buffalo isn't as dangerous as everyone makes him out to be.
Statistics prove that in the United States more Americans are killed in
automobile accidents than are killed by buffalo.
		-- Art Buchwald


This is the theory that Jack built.
This is the flaw that lay in the theory that Jack built.
This is the palpable verbal haze that hid the flaw that lay in...


I suggest a new strategy, R2: let the Wookiee win.
		-- C-3PO


Dear Abby:
	I just met the most terrific girl and we get along fabulously.  I
think she's the one for me.  There's just one problem: I can't remember
from our first date if she told me she had TB or VD.  What should I do?
			-- Confused

Dear Confused:
	If she coughs, fuck her.


Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.
		-- Euripides


And as we stand on the edge of darkness
Let our chant fill the void
That others may know

	In the land of the night
	The ship of the sun
	Is drawn by
	The grateful dead.
		-- Tibetan "Book of the Dead," ca. 4000 BC.


Sex is low in calories, and *oooh* that aftertaste!


If a President doesn't do it to his wife, he'll do it to his country.


The confusion of a staff member is measured by the length of his
memos.
		-- New York Times, Jan. 20, 1981


Nothing is more quiet than the sound of hair going grey.


	"Yo, Mike!"
	"Yeah, Gabe?"
	"We got a problem down on Earth.  In Utah."
	"I thought you fixed that last century!"
	"No, no, not that.  Someone's found a security problem in the physics
program.  They're getting energy out of nowhere."
	"Blessit!  Lemme look...  <tappity clickity tappity>  Hey, it's
there all right!  OK, just a sec...  <tappity clickity tap... save... compile>
There, that ought to patch it.  Dist it out, wouldja?"
		-- Cold Fusion, 1989


A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


Sinners can repent, but stupid is forever.


It took a while to surface, but it appears that a long-distance credit card
may have saved a U.S. Army unit from heavy casualties during the Grenada
military rescue/invasion. Major General David Nichols, Air Force ... said
the Army unit was in a house surrounded by Cuban forces.  One soldier found
a telephone and, using his credit card, called Ft. Bragg, N.C., telling Army
officers there of the perilous situation. The officers in turn called the
Air Force, which sent in gunships to scatter the Cubans and relieve the unit.
		-- Aviation Week and Space Technology


"I do love a lay every day,
So whenever you're coming this way
	Just phone in advance
	And I'll jerk off my pants,
And we're set for a sexy soiree!"


Flappity, floppity, flip
The mouse on the m"obius strip;
	The strip revolved,
	The mouse dissolved
In a chronodimensional skip.


Beware of computerized fortune-tellers!


Playing an unamplified electric guitar is like strumming on a picnic
table.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Snake"


A people living under the perpetual menace of war and invasion is very easy to
govern.  It demands no social reforms.  It does not haggle over expenditures
on armaments and military equipment.  It pays without discussion, it ruins
itself, and that is an excellent thing for the syndicates of financiers and
manufacturers for whom patriotic terrors are an abundant source of gain.
		-- Anatole France


I hold it, that a little rebellion, now and then, is a good thing...
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Sorry.  I forget what I was going to say.


The difference between a sorority girl and a bowling ball
is that you can only get three fingers in a bowling ball.


	"Yes, let's consider," said Bruno, putting his thumb into his
mouth again, and sitting down upon a dead mouse.
	"What do you keep that mouse for?" I said.  "You should either
bury it or else throw it into the brook."
	"Why, it's to measure with!" cried Bruno.  "How ever would you
do a garden without one?  We make each bed three mouses and a half
long, and two mouses wide."
	I stopped him as he was dragging it off by the tail to show me
how it was used...
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Sylvie and Bruno"


QOTD:
	"My shampoo lasts longer than my relationships."


I prefer the most unjust peace to the most righteous war.
		-- Cicero

Even peace may be purchased at too high a price.
		-- Poor Richard


Pilfering Treasure property is particularly dangerous: big thieves are
ruthless in punishing little thieves.
		-- Diogenes


I once was annoyed by a queer
Who made his intentions quite clear.
	Said I, "I'm no prude,
	So don't think me rude,
But I'm already stewed, screwed, and tattooed."


I was in a beauty contest once.  I not only came in last, I was hit in
the mouth by Miss Congeniality.
		-- Phyllis Diller


Religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich.
		-- Napoleon


Jesus saves... but Gretzky gets the rebound!
		-- Daniel Hinojosa


QOTD:
	"She was so tough she rolled her own tampons."


Isn't it odd that people who object to "foul" language are always the
fucking dickheads that need swearing at?


You single-handedly fought your way into this hopeless mess.


He wasn't much of an actor, he wasn't much of a Governor -- Hell, they
_H_A_D to make him President of the United States.  It's the only job he's
qualified for!
		-- Michael Cain


Not only is this incomprehensible, but the ink is
ugly and the paper is from the wrong kind of tree.
		-- Professor W., EECS, George Washington University

I'm looking forward to working with you on this next year.
		-- Professor, Harvard, on a senior thesis


You can get there from here, but why on earth would you want to?


The English have no respect for their language, and will not teach
their children to speak it.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


	"Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it,
and finds himself no wiser than before," Bokonon tells us.  "He is full
of murderous resentment of people who are ignorant without having come
by their ignorance the hard way."
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., "Cat's Cradle"


Ah, my friends, from the prison, they ask unto me,
"How good, how good does it feel to be free?"
And I answer them most mysteriously:
"Are birds free from the chains of the sky-way?"
		-- Bob Dylan


Stone's Law:
	One man's "simple" is another man's "huh?"


A woman did what a woman had to, the best way she knew how.
To do more was impossible, to do less, unthinkable.
		-- Dirisha, "The Man Who Never Missed"


Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid all together.


In a five year period we can get one superb programming language.
Only we can't control when the five year period will begin.


Chinese saying: "He who speak with forked tongue, not need chopsticks."


Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.
		-- Thomas Szasz


There is nothing stranger in a strange land than the stranger who
comes to visit.


I went to the museum where they had all the heads and arms from the
statues that are in all the other museums.
		-- Steven Wright


All God's children are not beautiful.  Most of God's children are, in fact,
barely presentable.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"


The perfect woman:
	Four feet tall, no teeth and a flat head so you can rest
	your drink.

	[Pistol-grip ears?  Ed.]


Board the windows, up your car insurance, and don't leave any booze in plain
sight.  It's St. Patrick's day in Chicago again.  The legend has it that St.
Patrick drove the snakes out of Ireland.  In fact, he was arrested for drunk
driving.  The snakes left because people kept throwing up on them.


Them as has, gets.


When I said "we", officer, I was referring to
myself, the four young ladies, and, of course, the goat.


[Nuclear war] ... may not be desirable.
		-- Edwin Meese III


Hear me, my chiefs, I am tired; my heart is sick and sad.
From where the sun now stands I Will Fight No More Forever.
		-- Chief Joseph of the Nez Perce


One day I got on the usual bus, and when I stepped in, I saw the most
gorgeous blond Chinese girl... I sat beside her... I said "Hi," and she
said "Hi," and then I said "Nice day, isn't it," and she said "Yeah, I
guess"... I said "What do you mean 'you guess?'"... she said "I saw my
analyst today and he says I have a problem."... so I asked "What's the
problem?"... she replied "I can't tell you, I don't even know you."...
I said "Well sometimes it's good to tell your problems to a perfect
stranger on a bus."  So she said, "Well, my analyst said I'm a nymphomaniac
and I only like Jewish cowboys... by the way, my name is Diane."  I said,
"Hello, Diane, my name is Bucky Goldstein."
		-- Steven Wright


Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.


The only excuse for God is that he doesn't exist.
		-- Stendhal


If you think the pen is mightier than the sword, the next time
someone pulls out a sword I'd like to see you get up there with
your Bic.


There are people so addicted to exaggeration
that they can't tell the truth without lying.
		-- Josh Billings


Rule of Life #1 -- Never get separated from your luggage.


I guess I've been wrong all my life, but so have billions of
other people...  Certainty is just an emotion.
		-- Hal Clement


A conservative is a man
with two perfectly good legs who has never learned to walk.
		-- Franklin D. Roosevelt


Postmen never die, they just lose their zip.


But if you wish at once to do nothing and to be respectable
nowadays, the best pretext is to be at work on some profound study.
		-- Leslie Stephen, "Sketches from Cambridge"


Scrubbing floors and emptying bedpans has as much dignity as the
Presidency.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Did you hear that Captain Crunch, Sugar Bear, Tony the Tiger, and
Snap, Crackle and Pop were all murdered recently...

Police suspect the work of a cereal killer!


Don't look now, but your mother is having sex with a horse.


Most people want either less corruption
or more of a chance to participate in it.


To give happiness is to deserve happiness.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(32) The fact that American intellectuals rue a victorious United States
     is frightening and ominous.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Computer scientists are programmed to do it by macro insertion.


So she went into the garden to cut a cabbage leaf to make an apple pie; and
at the same time a great she-bear, coming up the street pops its head into
the shop. "What! no soap?"  So he died, and she very imprudently married
the barber; and there were present the Picninnies, and the Grand Panjandrum
himself, with the little round button at top, and they all fell to playing
the game of catch as catch can, till the gunpowder ran out at the heels of
their boots.
		-- Samuel Foote


As long as the answer is right, who cares if the question is wrong?


The difference between legal separation and divorce is
that legal separation gives the man time to hide his money.


Objects are lost only because people
look where they are not rather than where they are.


Did you know that Spiro Agnew is an anagram of "Grow a Penis"?


If men could get pregnant, abortion would be a sacrament.


Jane and I got mixed up with a television show -- or as we call it back
east here: TV -- a clever contraction derived from the words Terrible
Vaudeville. However, it is our latest medium -- we call it a medium
because nothing's well done. It was discovered, I suppose you've heard,
by a man named Fulton Berle, and it has already revolutionized social
grace by cutting down parlour conversation to two sentences: "What's on
television?" and "Good night".
		-- Goodman Ace, letter to Groucho Marx, in The Groucho
		   Letters, 1967


Help fight continental drift.


Tout choses sont dites deja, mais comme
personne n'ecoute, il faut toujours recommencer.
		-- A. Gide


LEO (Jul. 23 to Aug. 22)
	Your presence, poise, charm and good looks won't even help you today.
	Look over your shoulder; an ugly person may be following you.  Be on
	your toes.  Brush your teeth.  Take Geritol.


PL/I -- "the fatal disease" -- belongs more to the problem set than to the
solution set.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


CAPRICORN (Dec. 22 to Jan. 19)
	Follow your instincts.  You are much too scatterbrained to do anything
	else, such as think.  Romance is in the air, but not for you, so forget
	it.  That pimple on the end of your nose will get worse.


