Reactor error - core dumped!


DEFAULT:
	The hardware's, of course.


QOTD:
	"Unlucky?  If I bought a pumpkin farm, they'd cancel Halloween."


Everyone talks about apathy, but no one _d_o_e_s anything about it.


Alive without breath,
As cold as death;
Never thirsty, ever drinking,
All in mail ever clinking.


Credit ... is the only enduring testimonial to man's confidence in man.
		-- James Blish


I just ate a whole package of Sweet Tarts and a can of Coke.
I think I saw God.
		-- B. Hathrume Duk


XIIdigitation, n.:
	The practice of trying to determine the year a movie was made
	by deciphering the Roman numerals at the end of the credits.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Remember, DESSERT is spelled with two `s's while DESERT is spelled
with one, because EVERYONE wants two desserts, but NO ONE wants two
deserts.
		-- Miss Oglethorp, Gr. 5, PS. 59


The number of arguments is unimportant unless some of them are
correct.
		-- Ralph Hartley


Adopting the metric system would have certain psychological advantages --
such as being able to claim 18 centimeters instead of seven inches.


It was a Roman who said it was sweet to die for one's country.  The
Greeks never said it was sweet to die for anything.  They had no vital
lies.
		-- Edith Hamilton, "The Greek Way"


There is only one way to kill capitalism --
by taxes, taxes, and more taxes.
		-- Karl Marx


There are twenty-five people left in the world,
and twenty-seven of them are hamburgers.
		-- Ed Sanders


A conservative is a man
with two perfectly good legs who has never learned to walk.
		-- Franklin D. Roosevelt


Brain fried -- core dumped


Scientists still know less about what attracts men
than they do about what attracts mosquitoes.
		-- Dr. Joyce Brothers,
		   "What Every Woman Should Know About Men"


Mary had a little lamb,
She kept it in a bucket.
And every time she let it out,
The bulldog used to
Chase it around the garden.


Brunette bush, n.:
	The dark side of the moon.


Miller's Slogan:
	Lose a few, lose a few.


I have defined the hundred per cent American as ninety-nine per
cent an idiot.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


I don't care who does the electing as long as I get to do the
nominating.
		-- Boss Tweed


Savage's Law of Expediency:
	You want it bad, you'll get it bad.


Once upon a time, when I was training to be a mathematician, a group of
us bright young students taking number theory discovered the names of the
smaller prime numbers.

2:  The Odd Prime --
	It's the only even prime, therefore is odd.  QED.
3:  The True Prime --
	Lewis Carroll: "If I tell you 3 times, it's true."
31: The Arbitrary Prime --
	Determined by unanimous unvote.  We needed an arbitrary prime in
	case the prof asked for one, and so had an election.  91 received
	the most votes (well, it *looks* prime) and 3+4i the next most.
	However, 31 was the only candidate to receive none at all.
41: The Female Prime --
	The polynomial X**2 - X + 41 is
	prime for integer values from 1 to 40.
43: The Male Prime - they form a prime pair.

Since the composite numbers are formed from primes, their qualities
are derived from those primes.  So, for instance, the number 6 is "odd
but true", while the powers of 2 are all extremely odd numbers.


Art is the tree of life.  Science is the tree of death.


So far as I can remember, there is not one word in the Gospels in
praise of intelligence.
		-- Bertrand Russell


The girl who remembers her first kiss now has a daughter who can't even
remember her first husband.


6802 hackers make great use of the SEX instruction.


Imagine what we can imagine!
		-- Arthur Rubinstein


Them as has, gets.


Chicken Soup, n.:
	An ancient miracle drug containing equal parts of aureomycin,
	cocaine, interferon, and TLC.  The only ailment chicken soup
	can't cure is neurotic dependence on one's mother.
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


It cannot be seen, cannot be felt,
Cannot be heard, cannot be smelt.
It lies behind starts and under hills,
And empty holes it fills.
It comes first and follows after,
Ends life, kills laughter.


The UNIX philosophy basically involves giving you enough rope to
hang yourself.  And then a couple of feet more, just to be sure.


"Being disintegrated makes me ve-ry an-gry!" <huff, huff>


Latin is a language,
As dead as can be.
First it killed the Romans,
And now it's killing me.


A plucked goose doesn't lay golden eggs.


You are a wish to be here wishing yourself.
		-- Philip Whalen


What this country needs is a good five cent microcomputer.


Losing your drivers' license is just
God's way of saying "BOOGA, BOOGA!"


Actually, my goal is to have a sandwich named after me.


For the fashion of Minas Tirith was such that it was built on seven levels,
each delved into a hill, and about each was set a wall, and in each wall
was a gate.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien, "The Return of the King"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to system overview.]



OK, now let's look at four dimensions on the blackboard.
		-- Dr. Joy


An expert is a man who has made all the mistakes which can be made, in a
very narrow field.
		-- Niels Bohr


Call on God, but row away from the rocks.
		-- Indian proverb


A man wrapped up in himself makes a very small package.


How apt the poor are to be proud.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Twelfth-Night"


The Encyclopaedia Galactica defines a robot as a mechanical apparatus designed
to do the work of a man.  The marketing division of Sirius Cybernetics
Corporation defines a robot as "Your Plastic Pal Who's Fun To Be With".
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy defines the marketing division of the
Sirius Cybernetics Corporation as "a bunch of mindless jerks who'll be the
first against the wall when the revolution comes", with a footnote to effect
that the editors would welcome applications from anyone interested in taking
over the post of robotics correspondent.
	Curiously enough, an edition of the Encyclopaedia Galactica that
had the good fortune to fall through a time warp from a thousand years in
the future defined the marketing division of the Sirius Cybernetics
Corporation as "a bunch of mindless jerks who were the first against the
wall when the revolution came".


Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day.
Teach a man to fish, and he'll invite himself over for dinner.
		-- Calvin Keegan


Here at the Phone Company, we serve all kinds of people;
from Presidents and Kings to the scum of the earth...


One possible reason that things aren't going according to plan
is that there never was a plan in the first place.


Communicate!  It can't make things any worse.


Quidquid latine dictum sit, altum viditur.

(Whatever is said in Latin sounds profound.)


Idleness is the holiday of fools.


Peers's Law:
The solution to a problem changes the nature of the problem.


Q:	What do you get when you cross James Dean with Ronald Reagan?
A:	A rebel without a clue.


And I alone am returned to wag the tail.


Don't let go of what you've got hold of,
until you have hold of something else.
		-- First Rule of Wing Walking


Chihuahuas drive me crazy.  I can't stand anything that
shivers when it's warm.


People who fight fire with fire usually end up with ashes.
		-- Abigail Van Buren


Q:	Why did the chicken cross the road?
A:	To see his friend Gregory peck.

Q:	Why did the chicken cross the playground?
A:	To get to the other slide.


Can anyone remember when the times
were not hard, and money not scarce?


Ignorance is bliss.
		-- Thomas Gray

Fortune updates the great quotes, #42:
	BLISS is ignorance.


Love is the only game that is not called on account of darkness.
		-- M. Hirschfield


We are the people our parents warned us about.


No group of professionals meets except to
conspire against the public at large.
		-- Mark Twain


	One of my favorite Zoo jokes has to do with a woman who, while
visiting the zoo, decided to have a little fun with the Gorilla.  She walks
up to his cage, reaches in, and begins to fondle the beast.  Needless to
say, the animal becomes quite excited, and as he tries to reciprocate in
kind, the woman steps back and gives him a raspberry...!
	The gorilla becomes enraged.  He rips the bars from his cage, grabs
the woman, drags her back into the cage, and ravishes her.  While doing so,
he inflicts a great deal of harm upon her person.
	Later, at the hospital, a neighbor of the woman visits and exclaims,
"Oh, you poor dear...!  Are you hurt?"
	"Hurt!", "Hurt!?" the injured lady sobs, "He doesn't phone.  He
never writes..."


Q:	Why did the chicken cross the road?
A:	He was giving it last rites.


Now I lay me back to sleep.
The speaker's dull; the subject's deep.
If he should stop before I wake,
Give me a nudge for goodness' sake.
		-- Anonymous


Girls really do know just what they want -- you to figure it out for
yourself!


Do you think your mother and I should have lived
comfortably so long together if ever we had been married?


A bisexual is a man who likes girls as well as the next fellow.


A good sysadmin always carries around a few feet of fiber. If he ever
gets lost, he simply drops the fiber on the ground, waits ten minutes,
then asks the backhoe operator for directions.
		-- Bill Bradford <mrbill@mrbill.net>


After this was written there appeared a remarkable posthumous memoir that
throws some doubt on Millikan's leading role in these experiments.  Harvey
Fletcher (1884-1981), who was a graduate student at the University of Chicago,
at Millikan's suggestion worked on the measurement of electronic charge for
his doctoral thesis, and co-authored some of the early papers on this subject
with Millikan.  Fletcher left a manuscript with a friend with instructions
that it be published after his death; the manuscript was published in
Physics Today, June 1982, page 43.  In it, Fletcher claims that he was the
first to do the experiment with oil drops, was the first to measure charges on
single droplets, and may have been the first to suggest the use of oil.
According to Fletcher, he had expected to be co-authored with Millikan on
the crucial first article announcing the measurement of the electronic
charge, but was talked out of this by Millikan.
		-- Steven Weinberg, "The Discovery of Subatomic Particles"

Robert Millikan is generally credited with making the first really
precise measurement of the charge on an electron and was awarded the
Nobel Prize in 1923.


Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
		-- Salvor Hardin


The Modelski Chain Rule:
1:	Look intently at the problem for several minutes.  Scratch your
	head at 20-30 second intervals.  Try solving the problem on your
	Hewlett-Packard.
2:	Failing this, look around at the class.  Select a particularly
	bright-looking individual.
3:	Procure a large chain.
4:	Walk over to the selected student and threaten to beat him severely
	with the chain unless he gives you the answer to the problem.
	Generally, he will.  It may also be a good idea to give him a sound
	thrashing anyway, just to show you mean business.


FreeBSD: everything but the fairings


Every country has the government it deserves.
		-- Joseph De Maistre


Once a woman has given you her heart you
can never get rid of the rest of her.
		-- Vanbrugh


Honeymoon, n.:
	A short period of doting between dating and debting.
		-- Ray C. Bandy


FORTUNE EXPLAINS WHAT JOB REVIEW CATCH PHRASES MEAN:	#9

Has management potential:
	Because of his intimate relationship with inanimate objects, the
	reviewee has been appointed to the critical position of department
	pencil monitor.

Inspirational:
	A true inspiration to others.  ("There, but for the grace of God,
	go I.")

Adapts to stress:
	Passes wind, water, or out depending upon the severity of the
	situation.

Goal oriented:
	Continually sets low goals for himself, and usually fails
	to meet them.


Dentist, n.:
	A Prestidigitator who, putting metal in one's mouth,
	pulls coins out of one's pockets.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Software, n.:
	Formal evening attire for female computer analysts.


"That's no answer," Job said, "And for someone who's supposed to be
omnipotent, let me tell you `tabernacle' has only one l."
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


Once you've seen one nuclear war, you've seen them all.


The Commandments of the EE:

9:	Trifle thee not with radioactive tubes and substances lest thou
	commence to glow in the dark like a lightning bug, and thy wife be
	frustrated and have not further use for thee except for thy wages.
10:	Commit thou to memory all the words of the prophets which are
	written down in thy Bible which is the National Electrical Code,
	and giveth out with the straight dope and consoleth thee when
	thou hast suffered a ream job by the chief electrician.
11:	When thou muckest about with a device in an unthinking and/or
	unknowing manner, thou shalt keep one hand in thy pocket.  Better
	that thou shouldest keep both hands in thy pockets than
	experimentally determine the electrical potential of an
	innocent-seeming device.


Woman would be more charming if one could
fall into her arms without falling into her hands.
		-- DeGourmont


Today is the first day of the rest of your lossage.


P-K4


Know what I hate most?  Rhetorical questions.
		-- Henry N. Camp


In the long run we are all dead.
		-- John Maynard Keynes


Kids have *_n_e_v_e_r* taken guidance from their parents.  If you could
travel back in time and observe the original primate family in the
original tree, you would see the primate parents yelling at the primate
teenager for sitting around and sulking all day instead of hunting for
grubs and berries like dad primate.  Then you'd see the primate
teenager stomp up to his branch and slam the leaves.
		-- Dave Barry, "Kids Today: They Don't Know Dum Diddly Do"


Worth seeing?
Yes, but not worth going to see.


I'm proud to be paying taxes in the United States.  The only thing is
-- I could be just as proud for half the money.
		-- Arthur Godfrey


	A manager was about to be fired, but a programmer who worked for him
invented a new program that became popular and sold well.  As a result, the
manager retained his job.
	The manager tried to give the programmer a bonus, but the programmer
refused it, saying, "I wrote the program because I though it was an interesting
concept, and thus I expect no reward."
	The manager, upon hearing this, remarked, "This programmer, though he
holds a position of small esteem, understands well the proper duty of an
employee.  Lets promote him to the exalted position of management consultant!"
	But when told this, the programmer once more refused, saying, "I exist
so that I can program.  If I were promoted, I would do nothing but waste
everyone's time.  Can I go now?  I have a program that I'm working on."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Loan-department manager:  "There isn't any fine print.  At these
interest rates, we don't need it."


The more cordial the buyers secretary, the greater
the odds that the competition already has the order.


Finagle's Third Law:
	In any collection of data, the figure most obviously correct,
	beyond all need of checking, is the mistake.

Corollaries:
	1. Nobody whom you ask for help will see it.
	2. The first person who stops by, whose advice you really
	   don't want to hear, will see it immediately.


Finagle's Eighth Law:
	If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.

Finagle's Ninth Law:
	No matter what results are expected,
	someone is always willing to fake it.

Finagle's Tenth Law:
	No matter what the result someone
	is always eager to misinterpret it.

Finagle's Eleventh Law:
	No matter what occurs, someone believes
	it happened according to his pet theory.


Q:	Why do the police always travel in threes?
A:	One to do the reading, one to do the writing, and the other keeps
	an eye on the two intellectuals.


What's a cult?  It just means not enough people to make a minority.
		-- Robert Altman


Attorney General Edwin Meese III explained why the Supreme Court's Miranda
decision (holding that subjects have a right to remain silent and have a
lawyer present during questioning) is unnecessary: "You don't have many
suspects who are innocent of a crime.  That's contradictory.  If a person
is innocent of a crime, then he is not a suspect."
		-- U.S. News and World Report, 10/14/85


Disease can be cured; fate is incurable.
		-- Chinese proverb


You're reasoning is excellent -- it's
only your basic assumptions that are wrong.


I sent a letter to the fish,		I said it very loud and clear,
I told them, "This is what I wish."	I went and shouted in his ear.
The little fishes of the sea,		But he was very stiff and proud,
They sent an answer back to me.		He said "You needn't shout so loud."
The little fishes' answer was		And he was very proud and stiff,
"We cannot do it, sir, because..."	He said "I'll go and wake them if..."
I sent a letter back to say		I took a kettle from the shelf,
It would be better to obey.		I went to wake them up myself.
But someone came to me and said		But when I found the door was locked
"The little fishes are in bed."		I pulled and pushed and kicked and
						knocked,
I said to him, and I said it plain	And when I found the door was shut,
"Then you must wake them up again."	I tried to turn the handle, But...

	"Is that all?" asked Alice.
	"That is all." said Humpty Dumpty. "Goodbye."
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


Sex without class consciousness cannot give satisfaction, even if it is
repeated until infinity.
		-- Aldo Brandirali (Secretary of the Italian Marxist-Leninist
		   Party), in a manual of the party's official sex guidelines,
		   1973.


As with most fine things, chocolate has its season.  There is a simple memory
aid that you can use to determine whether it is the correct time to order
chocolate dishes: Any month whose name contains the letter A, E, or U is the
proper time for chocolate.
		-- Sandra Boynton, "Chocolate: The Consuming Passion"


Expedience is the best teacher.


I have a theory that it's impossible to prove anything,
but I can't prove it.


The number of feet in a yard is directly proportional to the success
of the barbecue.


If you liked the Earth you'll love Heaven.


State license plates we'd like to see:

	MICHIGAN				CALIFORNIA
       4-GET 74-77				EGO-MN-E-X
EMBARRASSED HOME STATE OF GERALD FORD	THE SERIAL KILLER STATE

	NORTH CAROLINA				NEW JERSEY
	  WL-GOLLY				 ARG GGH
HOME OF GOMER, GOOBER AND JESSE HELMS	   FIRST IN TOXIC WASTE

	  KANSAS				WASHINGTON DC
	  TOTO -2				$10000000 ETC
THE NOT MUCH SINCE THE WIZARD OF OZ	WASTING YOUR MONEY SINCE 1810
	  MOVIE STATE


There is hopeful symbolism in the fact that flags do not wave in a vacuum.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke


Some people have no respect for age unless it's bottled.


I got the bill for my surgery.  Now I know what those doctors were
wearing masks for.
		-- James Boren


Tomorrow, this will be part of the unchangeable past
but fortunately, it can still be changed today.


Stop!  There was first a game of blindman's buff.  Of course there was.
And I no more believe Topper was really blind than I believe he had eyes
in his boots.  My opinion is, that it was a done thing between him and
Scrooge's nephew; and that the Ghost of Christmas Present knew it.  The
way he went after that plump sister in the lace tucker, was an outrage
on the credulity of human nature.


Having a baby isn't so bad.  If you're a female Emperor penguin
in the Antarctic.  She lays the egg, rolls it over to the father,
then takes off for warmer weather where she eats and eats and
eats.  For two months, the father stands stiff, without food,
blind in the 24-hour dark, balancing the egg on his feet.  After
the little penguin is hatched, the mother sees fit to come home.
		-- L. M. Boyd, "Austin American-Statesman"


If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you.


You can beat my meat, but you can't lick my sauce!
		-- Boss' Ribs, Portland, Oregon


