And tomorrow will be like today, only more so.
		-- Isaiah 56:12, New Standard Version


Politician, n.:
	From the Greek "poly" ("many") and the French "tete" ("head" or
	"face," as in "tete-a-tete": head to head or face to face).
	Hence "polytetien", a person of two or more faces.
		-- Martin Pitt


Christianity might be a good thing if anyone ever tried it.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Scene:
	A small boy stands agasp on the stairway overlooking the living
room.  A rather largish man in a big red suit with white fur and red and
white belled cap hunches over the fireplace, obviously interrupted in
filling stockings with packages taken from a huge bag slung over his
shoulder.  His eyebrows are raised, matter-of-factly, as he spies the boy
intently watching him.

Caption:
	I'm sorry you've seen me, Billy.  Now I'll have to kill you.


PROBLEM DRINKER:
	A man who never buys.


He did decide, though, that with more time and a great deal of mental
effort, he could probably turn the activity into an acceptable
perversion.
		-- Mick Farren, "When Gravity Fails"


Never buy what you do not want
because it is cheap; it will be dear to you.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


The bad reputation UNIX has gotten is totally undeserved, laid on by
people who don't understand, who have not gotten in there and tried
anything.
		-- Jim Joyce, owner of Jim Joyce's UNIX Bookstore


You are so boring that when I see you my feet go to sleep.


One day President Reagan, Chairman Andropov, the Pope, and a boy scout
were flying together in an airplane.  Right out in the middle of
nowhere the plane developed engine trouble and started to go down.
Unfortunately, only three parachutes could be found for the four
passengers!  Andropov grabbed one of the parachutes and declared
"Comrades, as leader of the socialist workers revolution, my life must
be spared," and he jumped out of the plane.  Then Reagan exclaimed "As
leader of the greatest nation on earth, I must keep the world safe for
democracy," and with that he too jumped to safety.  Now if you are
following all this (or counting on your fingers) you must see that
there is only one parachute left for the two remaining passengers.  The
Pope looked kindly upon the boy scout and said "I have had a long and
productive life, my son.  You take the parachute and leave me in God's
hands."  "That's very kind of you," the observant scout replied, "but
there is no need.  Reagan just jumped out with my knapsack."


The sex life of spiders is very interesting.
He fucks her.
She bites his head off.
		-- From a Women's Lib Poster


First law of debate:
	Never argue with a fool.  People might not know the difference.


The best ways are the most straightforward ways.  When you're sitting around
scamming these things out, all kinds of James Bondian ideas come forth, but
when it gets down to the reality of it, the simplest and most straightforward
way is usually the best, and the way that attracts the least attention.
Also, pouring gasoline on the water and lighting it like James Bond doesn't
work either.... They tried it during Prohibition.
		-- Thomas King Forcade, marijuana smuggler


With a gentleman I try to be a gentleman and a half, and with a fraud I
try to be a fraud and a half.
		-- Otto von Bismarck


Politicians do it to everyone.


Communists do it without class.


The only thing we learn from history is that we learn nothing from
history.
		-- Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel

I know guys can't learn from yesterday ... Hegel must be taking the
long view.
		-- John Brunner, "Stand on Zanzibar"


Parker's Law:
	Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.


The plot was designed in a light vein that somehow became varicose.
		-- David Lardner


	A secretary entered her boss's office with the announcement: "I have
some good news and some bad news."
	He muttered, "It's quarterly report day, Sally -- just the good news."
	She replied, "You're not sterile."


Did you know that some people your age have sex
thirty-seven times in a week?  And die immediately after?


The orders come down and they march us away.
There's a battle outside and we join in the fray.
God, it's hell when you know this could be your last day,
But it's better than working for Xerox.
		-- Frank Hayes, "Don't Ask"


A perfectly honest woman, a woman who never flatters, who never manages,
who never cajoles, who never conceals, who never uses her eyes, who never
speculates on the effect which she produces, who never is conscious of
unspoken admiration, what a monster, I say, would such a female be!
		-- Thackeray


I bet you think you're pretty cool driving around without auto insurance.
You're probably saying to yourself, "I'm beating the system."  But what's
going to happen when you get pulled over and lose your license because
you're not insured.  What girl's going to ride shotgun on a ten-speed on
a Saturday Night?  Yeah, you're going to be beating more than the system...
		-- auto insurance ad, heard on KNAC, Long Beach


Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine,
Lisp Machine is Fun.
Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine,
Fun for everyone.


I always turn to the sports pages first, which record people's
accomplishments.  The front page has nothing but man's failures.
		-- Chief Justice Earl Warren


I dined with Lord Hughing Fitz-Bluing
Who said, "Do you squirm when you're screwing?"
	I replied, "Simple shagging
	Without any wagging
Is only for screwing canoeing."


Join in the new game that's sweeping the country.  It's called "Bureaucracy".
Everybody stands in a circle.  The first person to do anything loses.


I owe the public nothing.
		-- J. P. Morgan


If you don't have a nasty obituary you probably didn't matter.
		-- Freeman Dyson


Never negotiate with the United States unless you have a nuclear
weapon.
		-- Former deputy defense minister of India


You are always doing something marginal when the boss drops by your desk.


Always store beer in a dark place.


Gosh that takes me back... or is it forward?  That's the trouble with
time travel, you never can tell.
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who: Androids of Tara"


Your love life will be happy and harmonious.


Q:	What do you call a principal female opera singer whose high C
	is lower than those of other principal female opera singers?
A:	A deep C diva.


God grant us the serenity to accept the things we cannot change, courage to
change the things we can, and wisdom to know the difference.


Troubled day for virgins over 16 who are beautiful, wealthy, and live
in eucalyptus trees.


Ooops.  Gotta run.  My dog wants sex.  Later.


Politics and the fate of mankind are formed by men without ideals and
without greatness. Those who have greatness within them do not go in
for politics.
		-- Albert Camus


Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from a rigged demo.


Real software engineers don't debug programs, they verify correctness.
This process doesn't necessarily involve execution of anything on a
computer, except perhaps a Correctness Verification Aid package.


The Advertising Agency Song:

	When your client's hopping mad,
	Put his picture in the ad.
	If he still should prove refractory,
	Add a picture of his factory.


	In a forest a fox bumps into a little rabbit, and says, "Hi,
Junior, what are you up to?"
	"I'm writing a dissertation on how rabbits eat foxes," said the
rabbit.
	"Come now, friend rabbit, you know that's impossible!  No one
will publish such rubbish!"
	"Well, follow me and I'll show you."
	They both go into the rabbit's dwelling and after a while the
rabbit emerges with a satisfied expression on his face.  Comes along a
wolf.  "Hello, little buddy, what are we doing these days?"
	"I'm writing the 2'nd chapter of my thesis, on how rabbits devour
wolves."
	"Are you crazy?  Where's your academic honesty?"
	"Come with me and I'll show you."
	As before, the rabbit comes out with a satisfied look on his face
and a diploma in his paw.  Finally, the camera pans into the rabbit's cave
and, as everybody should have guessed by now, we see a mean-looking, huge
lion, sitting, picking his teeth and belching, next to some furry, bloody
remnants of the wolf and the fox.

	The moral: It's not the contents of your thesis that are
important -- it's your PhD advisor that really counts.


I don't have any solution but I certainly admire the problem.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


You're a card which will have to be dealt with.


Who cares if it doesn't do anything?  It was made with
our new Triple-Iso-Bifurcated-Krypton-Gate-MOS process...


	A master was explaining the nature of the Tao to one of his novices,
"The Tao is embodied in all software -- regardless of how insignificant,"
said the master.
	"Is the Tao in a hand-held calculator?" asked the novice.
	"It is," came the reply.
	"Is the Tao in a video game?" continued the novice.
	"It is even in a video game," said the master.
	"And is the Tao in the DOS for a personal computer?"
	The master coughed and shifted his position slightly.  "The lesson is
over for today," he said.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


One day the King decided that he would force all his subjects to tell the
truth.  A gallows was erected in front of the city gates.  A herald announced,
"Whoever would enter the city must first answer the truth to a question
which will be put to him."  Nasrudin was first in line.  The captain of the
guard asked him, "Where are you going?  Tell the truth -- the alternative
is death by hanging."
	"I am going," said Nasrudin, "to be hanged on that gallows."
	"I don't believe you."
	"Very well, if I have told a lie, then hang me!"
	"But that would make it the truth!"
	"Exactly," said Nasrudin, "your truth."


New England Life, of course.  Why do you ask?


	A lawyer named Strange was shopping for a tombstone.  After he had
made his selection, the stonecutter asked him what inscription he
would like on it.  "Here lies an honest man and a lawyer," responded the
lawyer.
	"Sorry, but I can't do that," replied the stonecutter.  "In this
state, it's against the law to bury two people in the same grave.  However,
I could put `here lies an honest lawyer', if that would be okay."
	"But that won't let people know who it is" protested the lawyer.
	"Certainly will," retorted the stonecutter.  "people will read it
and exclaim, "That's Strange!"


/earth: file system full.


Unix will self-destruct in five seconds... 4... 3... 2... 1...


Sweet April showers do spring May flowers.
		-- Thomas Tusser


Progress is impossible without change, and those who
cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day
Fritter and waste the hours in an offhand way
Kicking around on a piece of ground in your hometown
Waiting for someone or something to show you the way

Tired of lying in the sunshine		And then one day you find
Staying home to watch the rain		Ten years have got behind you
You are young and life is long		No one told you when to run
And there is time to kill today		You missed the starting gun

And you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it's sinking
And racing around to come up behind you again
The sun is the same in a relative way but you're older
Shorter of breath and one day closer to death

Every year is getting shorter		Hanging on in quiet desperation
						is the English way
Never seem to find the time		The time is gone, the song is over
Plans that either come to nought	Thought I'd something more to say...
Or half a page of scribbled lines
		-- Pink Floyd, "Time"


A friend is a present you give yourself.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson


Let us treat men and women well;
Treat them as if they were real;
Perhaps they are.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


A shy young man, preparing himself for what he hoped would be the ultimate sex
act with a pretty young lady, went into a drugstore to inquire about sizes and
styles of condoms.  The lusty proprietress, a buxom widow, saw an opportunity
for fun at the lad's expense.
	"Come in the back and try some on for size," she said, taking his hand.
The widow unzipped the youth's fly and watched the small instrument grow in
her hand as she measured it.  When the weapon had unfurled to a rosy seven and
a half inches, the young man, unable to contain himself, had an orgasm with a
tremendous discharge.  After recovering, he asked the widow if she could now
give him the proper size.
	"I'll do more than that," she said.  "I'll give you free meals and a
half interest in the store."


Two Russian friends happen to meet in Red Square.  One of them says, "By
the way, did you hear that Romanov died?"
	"No," replied the other, "I didn't even know he'd been arrested!"


If you mess with a thing long enough, it'll break.
		-- Schmidt


Love in your heart wasn't put there to stay.
Love isn't love 'til you give it away.
		-- Oscar Hammerstein II


Even though they raised the rate for first class mail in the United
States we really shouldn't complain -- it's still only two cents a
day.


Philosophy will clip an angel's wings.
		-- John Keats


This guy was screwing his neighbors wife when a car pulls into the drive.
"My husband!" she screams.  He panics and jumps out the window. He finds
himself on the street, naked, under cloudy skies. There is no place to hide
except in a crowd of joggers.  As he runs along, a woman looks over and says,
	"Do you always jog in the nude?"
	"Yes ma'am!" he replies.
	"Does it always result in that kind of sexual excitement?" she asks.
	"Yes ma'am!" he replies.
	"Do you always wear a condom?"
	"Only when it rains, lady.  Only when it rains."


Example is not the main thing in influencing others.
It is the only thing.
		-- Albert Schweitzer


The smallest worm will turn being trodden on.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


Nothing in life is to be feared.  It is only to be understood.


A nuclear family is out golfing one day, when it becomes clear that Dad isn't
going to win any trophies, at least on this course.  On the 3rd hole, after
two miserable bogies, he misses a two foot putt and exclaims, "Shit!"
	His wife glances over at their sixteen year old daughter and says
nothing.
	On the fourth hole Dad tees off with an incredible hook, and, after
the inevitable exclamation, his wife reproves him with "Honey!"
	This continues on, with his golfing getting worse and his wife getting
more and more upset about his language.  Finally, on the 17th hole, he again
misses a very easy putt.  Flinging his club down, he curses the hole, the
club, and the sunset, using the word "fuck" for the first time.  His wife
whirls around and cries, "Honey!  Our daughter is standing right next to you!"
	Feeling remorseful, but somewhat defensive, he turns to the
daughter and says, "Well, Cindy, you've heard that word before, haven't
you?"
	"Yes," the daughter replies, "but never in anger."


	It was in a bar in midtown Manhattan and the Frenchman and the
American were talking about love over some dry Martinis.  "Deed you know,
sir," the Frenchman said, "that een my country thair are 79 different
ways how to make the REAL, passionate luff?"
	"Do tell?" said the American.  "Well, that's amazing.  In this
country there's only one."
	"Just one?" the Frenchman said, condescendingly.  "And what eez
that?"
	"Well, there's a man and a woman, and --"
	"Sacre bleu!!" exclaimed the Frenchman.  "Numbair 80!"


	Plumbing is one of the easier of do-it-yourself activities,
requiring only a few simple tools and a willingness to stick your arm
into a clogged toilet.  In fact, you can solve many home plumbing
problems, such as annoying faucet drip, merely by turning up the
radio.  But before we get into specific techniques, let's look at how
plumbing works.
	A plumbing system is very much like your electrical system,
except that instead of electricity, it has water, and instead of wires,
it has pipes, and instead of radios and waffle irons, it has faucets
and toilets.  So the truth is that your plumbing systems is nothing at
all like your electrical system, which is good, because electricity can
kill you.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Murphy was an optimist.


You can't depend on the man who made the mess to clean it up.
		-- Richard M. Nixon (1952)


To accuse others for one's own misfortunes is a sign of want of education.
To accuse oneself shows that one's education has begun.  To accuse neither
oneself nor others shows that one's education is complete.
		-- Epictetus


The aim of science is to seek the simplest explanations of complex
facts.  Seek simplicity and distrust it.
		-- Whitehead


Traffic signals in New York are just rough guidelines.
		-- David Letterman


We should declare war on North Vietnam.  We could pave the whole
country and put parking strips on it, and still be home by Christmas.
		-- Ronald Reagan


Being the #2 man in the Justice Department under Ed Meese is akin to
standing next to a lamp post infested with pigeons.
		-- unnamed Justice Department official


There's nothing to writing.  All you do is sit at a typewriter
and open a vein.
		-- Red Smith


Maj. Bloodnok:	Seagoon, you're a coward!
Seagoon:	Only in the holiday season.
Maj. Bloodnok:	Ah, another Noel Coward!


It is easier to run down a hill than up one.


FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #31

A:	Chicken Teriyaki.
Q:	What is the name of the world's oldest kamikaze pilot?


If all the seas were ink,
And all the reeds were pens,
And all the skies were parchment,
And all the men could write,
These would not suffice
To write down all the red tape
Of this Government.


Some Harvard men, stalwart and hairy,
Drank up several bottles of sherry;
	In the Yard around three
	They were shrieking with glee:
"Come on out, we are burning a fairy!"
		-- Edward Gorey


When the English language gets in my way, I walk over it.
		-- Billy Sunday


Look afar and see the end from the beginning.


LOVE:
	When, if asked to choose between your lover
	and happiness, you'd skip happiness in a heartbeat.


Do molecular biologists wear designer genes?


I'm not laughing with you, I'm laughing at you.


The Vet Who Surprised A Cow
	In the course of his duties in August 1977, a Dutch veterinary
surgeon was required to treat an ailing cow.  To investigate its internal
gases he inserted a tube into that end of the animal not capable of facial
expression and struck a match.  The jet of flame set fire first to some
bales of hay and then to the whole farm causing damage estimate at L45,000.
The vet was later fined L140 for starting a fire in a manner surprising to
the magistrates.  The cow escaped with shock.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Smile, Cthulhu Loathes You.


From the moment I picked your book up until I put it down I was
convulsed with laughter.  Some day I intend reading it.
		-- Groucho Marx, from "The Book of Insults"


It used to be a man's world, and the woman's place was in the home.
They can kiss that shit goodbye.


If 10 years from now, when you are doing something quick
and dirty, you suddenly visualize that I am looking over your
shoulders and say to yourself, "Dijkstra would not have liked this",
well that would be enough immortality for me.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


At social gatherings, I would amuse everyone by standing uponst the
coffee table and striking meself repeatedly upon the head with a brick.
		-- H. R. Gumby


I know of a fortunate Hindu
Who is sought in the towns that he's been to
	By the ladies he knows,
	Who are thrilled to the toes
By the tricks that he makes his foreskin do.


Forest fires cause Smokey Bears.


The young Georgia miss came to the hospital for a checkup.
	"Have you been X-rayed?" asked the doctor.
	"Nope," she said, "but ah've been ultraviolated."


In 1989, the United States, which was displeased with the policies of the
dictator of Panama, invaded that country and placed in power a government
more to its liking.

In 1990, Iraq, which was displeased with the policies of the dictator of
Kuwait, invaded that country and placed in power a government more to its
liking.


Beware of the Turing Tar-pit in which everything
is possible but nothing of interest is easy.


Hang gliders come down very slowly.


Hi Jimbo.  Dennis.  Really appreciate the help on the income tax.
You wanna help on the audit now?


If you explain so clearly that nobody can misunderstand, somebody
will.


Don't relax!  It's only your tension that's holding you together.


Solutions are obvious if one only has the
optical power to observe them over the horizon.
		-- K. A. Arsdall


I enjoy the time that we spend together.


Pure drivel tends to drive ordinary drivel off of the TV screen.


No man would listen to you talk if he didn't know it was his turn next.
		-- Edgar W. Howe


Work is the crab grass in the lawn of life.
		-- Schulz


The great secret in life ... [is] not to open your letters for a fortnight.
At the expiration of that period you will find that nearly all of them have
answered themselves.
		-- Arthur Binstead


One of your most ancient writers, a historian named Herodotus, tells of a
thief who was to be executed.  As he was taken away he made a bargain with
the king: in one year he would teach the king's favorite horse to sing
hymns.  The other prisoners watched the thief singing to the horse and
laughed.  "You will not succeed," they told him.  "No one can."
	To which the thief replied, "I have a year, and who knows what might
happen in that time.  The king might die.  The horse might die.  I might die.
And perhaps the horse will learn to sing.
		-- "The Mote in God's Eye", Niven and Pournelle


Murphy's Law of Research:
	Enough research will tend to support your theory.


I would much rather have men ask why
I have no statue, than why I have one.
		-- Marcus Porcius Cato


Cleveland still lives.  God MUST be dead.


Lost: gray and white female cat.
Answers to electric can opener.


Two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.


When angry, count four; when very angry, swear.
		-- Mark Twain


You don't have to be nice to people on the way up
if you're not planning on coming back down.
		-- Oliver Warbucks, "Annie"


If you want divine justice, die.
		-- Nick Seldon


Teeth for meat are in the mouth --
Teeth for humans are in the soul.
A strong body defeats one,
A strong soul conquers many.
		-- Chinggis (Genghis) Khan


KNOWLEDGE:
	Things you believe.


Your boyfriend takes chocolate from strangers.


Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.


WARNING!
	This system is subject to breakdowns during periods of critical need!
A special circuit in the computer called a "critical detector" senses the
user's emotional state in terms of how desperate they are to get their program
to run.  The "critical detector" then creates a bug in the program proportional
to the desperation of the user.  Threatening the terminal with violence only
aggravates the situation, causing the program to immediately crash or the
entire system to go down.  Likewise, attempts to use another terminal may cause
it to core dump.  (They all belong to the same LAN.)  Keep cool and say nice
things to the terminal.


You are at a business lunch when you are suddenly overcome with an
uncontrollable desire to pick your nose.  Since this is definitely a
no-no, you:

(a) Pretend to wave to someone across the room and with one fluid
    motion, bury your forefinger in your nostril right up to the 4th
    joint.

(b) Get everyone drunk and organize a nose picking contest with a prize
    to the one who makes his nose bleed first.

(c) Drop your napkin on the floor, and when you bend over to pick it up,
    blow your nose on your sock.


It's a brave man who, when things are at their darkest, can kick back
and party!
		-- Dennis Quaid, "Inner Space"


A group of scientists discovered an apelike creature in the jungle, which
they hoped would prove to be the missing link.  The proof of their theory,
however, required that a human mate with the animal so that they could see
what characteristics the offspring would assume.  Needing volunteers, the
scientists placed an ad in the paper: "$5000 to mate with ape."
	Almost immediately, they received response from a man who said he
would be willing to take part in the experiment, with three conditions.
	"First," he said, "my wife must never know.  Second, any children
must be baptized.  And, third, I'd have to pay in installments."


Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess is why
several of us died of tuberculosis.
		-- Jack Handey


The identical is equal to itself, since it is different.
		-- Franco Spisani


Someday we'll look back on this moment and plow into a parked car.
		-- Evan Davis


Most people can't understand how others can blow their noses differently
than they do.
		-- Turgenev


I have no doubt that it is a part of the destiny of the human race,
in its gradual improvement, to leave off eating animals.
		-- Thoreau


The genius of our ruling class is that it has kept a majority of the
people from ever questioning the inequity of a system where most people
drudge along paying heavy taxes for which they get nothing in return.
		-- Gore Vidal


Animals can be driven crazy by putting too many in too small a pen.
Homo sapiens is the only animal that voluntarily does this to himself.
		-- Lazarus Long


Macho, adj.:
	Jogging home from a vasectomy.


Volcanoes have a grandeur that is grim
And earthquakes only terrify the dolts,
And to him who's scientific
There is nothing that's terrific
In the pattern of a flight of thunderbolts!
		-- W. S. Gilbert, "The Mikado"


Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient.
Don't believe a thing he tells you.


	A secretary entered her boss's office with the announcement: "I have
some good news and some bad news."
	He muttered, "It's quarterly report day, Sally -- just the good news."
	She replied, "You're not sterile."


Fuck off and die!


I love Saturday morning cartoons, what classic humour!  This is what
entertainment is all about ... Idiots, explosives and falling anvils.
		-- Calvin and Hobbes, Bill Watterson


I wish you were a Scotch on the rocks.


You will be married within a year, and divorced within two.


A real estate agent, looking over a farmer's house for possible sale,
commented to the farmer how sturdy the house looked.
	The farmer replied, "Yep, built it with my bare hands... did it
the hard way.  The steps to the front door, here, carved 'em out of
field stones... did it the hard way.  That hardwood floor in the living
room, dovetailed the pieces myself... did it the hard way.  The ceiling
beams, made 'em out of my own oak trees... did it the hard way."
	Just then, the farmer's gorgeous daughter walked in.  The farmer
looks over at the real estate agent who is trying not to stare too
obviously and smiles.  "Yep... standing up in a canoe."


"Being disintegrated makes me ve-ry an-gry!" <huff, huff>


I shall come to you in the night and we shall see who is stronger --
a little girl who won't eat her dinner or a great big man with cocaine
in his veins.
		-- Sigmund Freud, in a letter to his fiancee


#define BITCOUNT(x)	(((BX_(x)+(BX_(x)>>4)) & 0x0F0F0F0F) % 255)
#define BX_(x)		((x) - (((x)>>1)&0x77777777)			\
			     - (((x)>>2)&0x33333333)			\
			     - (((x)>>3)&0x11111111))

		-- really weird C code to count the number of bits in a word


If the church put in half the time on covetousness that it does on lust,
this would be a better world.
		-- Garrison Keillor, "Lake Wobegon Days"


If you want to put yourself on the map, publish your own map.


You have only to mumble a few words in church to get married
and few words in your sleep to get divorced.


I am getting into abstract painting.  Real abstract -- no brush, no canvas,
I just think about it.  I just went to an art museum where all of the art
was done by children.  All the paintings were hung on refrigerators.
		-- Steven Wright


Teddy Kennedy:	A Blond in Every Pond!


Avoid Quiet and Placid persons unless you are in Need of Sleep.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


The key elements in human thinking are not numbers but labels of fuzzy sets.
		-- L. Zadeh


UNIX enhancements aren't.


The onset and the waning of love make themselves felt
in the uneasiness experienced at being alone together.
		-- Jean de la Bruyere


The opposite of talking isn't listening.  The opposite of talking is
waiting.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


Horner's Five Thumb Postulate:
	Experience varies directly with equipment ruined.


Jesus Never Fails

(He's never taken the Massachusetts Bar Exam, either.)


A system admin's life is a sorry one.  The only advantage he has over
Emergency Room doctors is that malpractice suits are rare.  On the
other hand, ER doctors never have to deal with patients installing
new versions of their own innards!
		-- Michael O'Brien


Chaos is King and Magic is loose in the world.


If Beethoven's Seventh Symphony is not by
some means abridged, it will soon fall into disuse.
		-- Philip Hale, Boston music critic, 1837


A grammarian's life is always intense.


	A musical reviewer admitted he always praised the first show of a
new theatrical season.  "Who am I to stone the first cast?"


Maiden, n.:
	A young person of the unfair sex addicted to clewless conduct and
	views that madden to crime.  The genus has a wide geographical
	distribution, being found wherever sought and deplored wherever found.
	The maiden is not altogether unpleasing to the eye, nor (without her
	piano and her views) insupportable to the ear, though in respect to
	comeliness distinctly inferior to the rainbow, and, with regard to
	the part of her that is audible, beaten out of the field by the
	canary -- which, also, is more portable.

Male, n.:
	A member of the unconsidered, or negligible sex.  The male of the
	human race is commonly known to the female as Mere Man.  The genus
	has two varieties:  good providers and bad providers.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The distinction between true and false appears to become
increasingly blurred by... the pollution of the language.
		-- Arne Tiselius


	"I don't know what you mean by `glory,'" Alice said
	Humpty Dumpty smiled contemptuously.  "Of course you don't --
till I tell you.  I meant `there's a nice knock-down argument for
you!'"
	"But glory doesn't mean `a nice knock-down argument,'" Alice
objected.
	"When I use a word," Humpty Dumpty said, in a rather scornful
tone, "it means just what I choose it to mean -- neither more nor
less."
	"The question is," said Alice, "whether you can make words mean
so many different things."
	"The question is," said Humpty Dumpty, "which is to be master--
that's all."
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


Its failings notwithstanding, there is much to be said in favor of journalism
in that by giving us the opinion of the uneducated, it keeps us in touch with
the ignorance of the community.
		-- Oscar Wilde


In any formula, constants (especially those obtained from handbooks)
are to be treated as variables.


	People of all sorts of genders are reporting great difficulty,
these days, in selecting the proper words to refer to those of the female
persuasion.
	"Lady," "woman," and "girl" are all perfectly good words, but
misapplying them can earn one anything from the charge of vulgarity to a good
swift smack.  We are messing here with matters of deference, condescension,
respect, bigotry, and two vague concepts, age and rank.  It is troubling
enough to get straight who is really what.  Those who deliberately misuse
the terms in a misbegotten attempt at flattery are asking for it.
	A woman is any grown-up female person.  A girl is the un-grown-up
version.  If you call a wee thing with chubby cheeks and pink hair ribbons a
"woman," you will probably not get into trouble, and if you do, you will be
able to handle it because she will be under three feet tall.  However, if you
call a grown-up by a child's name for the sake of implying that she has a
youthful body, you are also implying that she has a brain to match.


Rumour has it that the intrepid New Zealanders have finally discovered
two new uses for sheep.  Meat and wool.


So... how come the Corinthians never wrote back?


If there really was a Jewish conspiracy to run the world, my rabbi would
have let me in on it by now.  I contribute enough to the shule.
		-- Saul Goodman


Pregnancy begins with a single sell.


Common sense is instinct, and enough of it is genius.
		-- Josh Billings


For knighthood is not in the feats of war,
As for to fight in quarrel right or wrong,
But in a cause which truth cannot defer:
He ought himself for to make sure and strong,
Just to keep mixt with mercy among:
And no quarrel a knight ought to take
But for a truth, or for the common's sake.
		-- Stephen Hawes


After repeatedly warding off her date's amorous advances during the evening,
the pretty young thing decided to put her foot down: "See here," she shouted
indignantly.  "This is positively the last time I'm going to tell you `no'."
	"Splendid!" exclaimed her date.  "Now we can start making some
progress."


	"They spend years searching for their natural parents, convinced their
parents will be happy to see them.  I mean, really, can you imagine someone
being happy to see an orphan?  Nobody wants them... that's why they're orphans!"
	The speaker is Anne Baker, founder and guiding force behind
Orphan-Off, an organization dedicated to keeping orphans confused about the
whereabouts of their natural parents.  She is a woman with a mission:
	"Basically, what we do is band together to exchange information
about which orphans are looking for which parents in what part of the
country.  We're completely computerized.
	"The idea is to throw the orphans as many red herrings and false
leads as possible.  We'll tell some twenty-three-year-old loser that his
real parents can be found at a certain address on the other side of the
country.  Well, by the time the kid shows up, the family is prepared.  They
look over the kid's photos and information and they say, 'Oh, the Emersons...
yeah, they used to live here... I think they moved out about five years ago.
I think they went to Iowa, or maybe Idaho.'
	"Bam, the door shuts in the kid's face and he's back to zero again.
He's got nothing to go on but the orphan's pathetic determination to continue.
	"It's really amazing how much these kids will put up with.  Last year
we even sent one kid all the way to Australia.  I mean, really.  Besides, if
your natural parents were Australian, would you want to meet them?"
		-- "National Lampoon", September, 1984


