Is it possible that software is not like anything else, that it is
meant to be discarded:  that the whole point is to always see it as
a soap bubble?


They seem to have learned the habit of cowering before authority even when
not actually threatened.  How very nice for authority.  I decided not to
learn this particular lesson.
		-- Richard Stallman


It's illegal in Wilbur, Washington, to ride an ugly horse.


	A master programmer passed a novice programmer one day.  The master
noted the novice's preoccupation with a hand-held computer game.  "Excuse me",
he said, "may I examine it?"
	The novice bolted to attention and handed the device to the master.
"I see that the device claims to have three levels of play: Easy, Medium,
and Hard", said the master.  "Yet every such device has another level of play,
where the device seeks not to conquer the human, nor to be conquered by the
human."
	"Pray, great master," implored the novice, "how does one find this
mysterious setting?"
	The master dropped the device to the ground and crushed it under foot.
And suddenly the novice was enlightened.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Welcome thy neighbor into thy fallout shelter.
He'll come in handy if you run out of food.
		-- Dean McLaughlin


Dungeons and Dragons is just a lot of Saxon Violence.


Political speeches are like steer horns.  A point
here, a point there, and a lot of bull in between.
		-- Alfred E. Neuman


I do not seek the ignorant; the ignorant seek me -- I will instruct them.
I ask nothing but sincerity.  If they come out of habit, they become
tiresome.
		-- I Ching


If they think you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical,
go crude.  I'm a very technical boy.  So I get as crude as possible.  These
days, though, you have to be pretty technical before you can even aspire
to crudeness...
		-- Johnny Mnemonic


$3,000,000


Anyway, I keep picturing all these little kids playing some game in this
big field of rye and all.  Thousands of little kids, and nobody's around --
nobody big, I mean -- except me.  And I'm standing on the edge of some crazy
cliff.  What I have to do, I have to catch everybody if they start to go
over the cliff -- I mean if they're running and they don't look where they're
going I have to come out from somewhere and catch them.  That's all I'd do
all day.  I'd just be the catcher in the rye.  I know it;  I know it's crazy,
but that's the only thing I'd really like to be.  I know it's crazy.
		-- J. D. Salinger, "Catcher in the Rye"


With a rubber duck, one's never alone.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


My soul is crushed, my spirit sore
I do not like me anymore,
I cavil, quarrel, grumble, grouse,
I ponder on the narrow house
I shudder at the thought of men
I'm due to fall in love again.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Enough Rope"


Q:	What does a WASP Mom make for dinner?
A:	A crisp salad, a hearty soup, a lovely entree, followed by
	a delicious dessert.


Brain, n.:
	The apparatus with which we think that we think.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Distinctive, adj.:
	A different color or shape than our competitors.


Foolproof Operation:
	No provision for adjustment.


He thought of Musashi, the Sword Saint, standing in his garden more than
three hundred years ago. "What is the 'Body of a rock'?" he was asked.
In answer, Musashi summoned a pupil of his and bid him kill himself by
slashing his abdomen with a knife.  Just as the pupil was about to comply,
the Master stayed his hand, saying, "That is the 'Body of a rock'."
		-- Eric Van Lustbader


The introduction of a new kind of music must be shunned as imperiling
the whole state, for styles of music are never disturbed without
affecting the most important political institutions. ...  The new
style, gradually gaining a lodgement, quietly insinuates itself into
manners and customs, and from it ... goes on to attack laws and
constitutions, displaying the utmost impudence, until it ends by
overturning everything.
		-- Plato, "Republic", 370 B.C.


While Europe's eye is fix'd on mighty things,
The fate of empires and the fall of kings;
While quacks of State must each produce his plan,
And even children lisp the Rights of Man;
Amid this mighty fuss just let me mention,
The Rights of Woman merit some attention.
		-- Robert Burns, Address on "The Rights of Woman",
		   November 26, 1792


Different all twisty a of in maze are you, passages little.


	When managers hold endless meetings, the programmers write games.
When accountants talk of quarterly profits, the development budget is about
to be cut.  When senior scientists talk blue sky, the clouds are about to
roll in.
	Truly, this is not the Tao of Programming.
	When managers make commitments, game programs are ignored.  When
accountants make long-range plans, harmony and order are about to be restored.
When senior scientists address the problems at hand, the problems will soon
be solved.
	Truly, this is the Tao of Programming.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


	"First, I'm going to buy you a few drinks and get you a little tight,"
said the guy aggressively.
	"Oh, no, you're not," said the girl.
	"Then I'll take you to dinner at the most exclusive restaurant in
town."
	"Oh, no, you won't."
	"Then I'll take you to my apartment and mix up a pitcher of daiquiris."
	"Oh, no, you won't."
	"Then I'm going to make violent, mad, passionate love to you."
	"Oh, no, you're not."
	"And I'm not going to take any precautions either!" said the guy.
	"Oh, yes, you are!!" said the girl.


The night passes quickly when you're asleep
But I'm out shufflin' for something to eat
...
Breakfast at the Egg House,
Like the waffle on the griddle,
I'm burnt around the edges,
But I'm tender in the middle.
		-- Adrian Belew


Every journalist has a novel in him, which is an excellent place for it.


Blore's Razor:
	Given a choice between two theories, take the one which is
funnier.


It's reassuring to know that if you behave strangely enough,
society will take full responsibility for you.


Laugh when you can; cry when you must.


The most remarkable thing about my mother is that for thirty years she
served the family nothing but leftovers.  The original meal has never
been found.
		-- Calvin Trillin


A "full" life in my experience is usually full only of other
people's demands.


Given my druthers, I'd druther not.


Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	You wouldn't understand.
	You ask too many questions.
	In order to be a man, you have to learn to follow orders.
	That's for me to know and you to find out.
	Don't let those bullies push you around.  Go in there and stick
		up for yourself.
	You're acting too big for your britches.
	Well, you broke it.  Now are you satisfied?
	Wait till your father gets home.
	Bored?  If you're bored, I've got some chores for you.
	Shape up or ship out.


LIFE:
	A whim of several billion cells to be you for a while.


When it comes to broken marriages most husbands will split the blame --
half his wife's fault, and half her mother's.


I don't deserve this award, but I have arthritis and I don't
deserve that either.
		-- Jack Benny


Audacity, and again, audacity, and always audacity.
		-- G. J. Danton


Don't let your mouth write no check that your tail can't cash.
		-- Bo Diddley


A cousin of mine once said about money,
money is always there but the pockets change;
it is not in the same pockets after a change,
and that is all there is to say about money.
		-- Gertrude Stein


Of all the animals, the boy is the most unmanageable.
		-- Plato


It's better to burn out than to fade away.


Interpreter, n.:
	One who enables two persons of different languages to understand
	each other by repeating to each what it would have been to the
	interpreter's advantage for the other to have said.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


He:	So, what do you say to little fuck?
She:	I say, "get lost, little fuck."


... difference of opinion is advantageous in religion.  The several sects
perform the office of a common censor morum over each other.  Is uniformity
attainable?  Millions of innocent men, women, and children, since the
introduction of Christianity, have been burnt, tortured, fined, imprisoned;
yet we have not advanced one inch towards uniformity.
		-- Thomas Jefferson, "Notes on Virginia"


The clothes have no emperor.
		-- C. A. R. Hoare, commenting on ADA


All extremists should be taken out and shot.


A classic is something that everybody wants to have read
and nobody wants to read.
		-- Mark Twain quoting Professor Winchester,
		   "The Disappearance of Literature"


Tequila my girl, is deceiving:
Take two at the very most.
Take three and you're under the table,
Take four and you're under the host.


Don't despair; your ideal lover is waiting for you around the corner.


LETTERS TO THE EDITOR (The Times of London)

Dear Sir,

I am firmly opposed to the spread of microchips either to the home or
to the office.  We have more than enough of them foisted upon us in
public places.  They are a disgusting Americanism, and can only result
in the farmers being forced to grow smaller potatoes, which in turn
will cause massive unemployment in the already severely depressed
agricultural industry.

Yours faithfully,
	Capt. Quinton D'Arcy, J. P.
	Sevenoaks


E.T. GO HOME!!!  (And take your Smurfs with you.)


If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.
		-- Albert Einstein


Kirkland, Illinois, law forbids bees to fly over the village or through
any of its streets.


Gentlemen do not read each other's mail.
		-- Secretary of State Henry Stimson, on closing down
		   the Black Chamber, the precursor to the National
		   Security Agency.


The difficult we do today; the impossible takes a little longer.


I don't want people to love me.  It makes for obligations.
		-- Jean Anouilh


The most advantageous, pre-eminent thing thou canst do is not to
exhibit nor display thyself within the limits of our galaxy, but
rather depart instantaneously whence thou even now standest and
flee to yet another rotten planet in the universe, if thou canst
have the good fortune to find one.
		-- Carlyle


QUESTION AUTHORITY.

(Sez who?)


Traveling through New England, a motorist stopped for gas in a tiny village.
"What's this place called?" he asked the station attendant.
	"All depends," the native drawled.  "Do you mean by them that has
to live in this dad-blamed, moth-eaten, dust-covered, one-hoss dump, or
by them that's merely enjoying its quaint and picturesque rustic charms
for a short spell?"


I'd love to kiss you, but I just washed my hair.
		-- Bette Davis, "Cabin in the Cotton"


Nothing in life is to be feared.  It is only to be understood.


You can always tell the Christmas season is here when you start getting
incredibly dense, tinfoil-and-ribbon- wrapped lumps in the mail.
Fruitcakes make ideal gifts because the Postal Service has been unable
to find a way to damage them.  They last forever, largely because
nobody ever eats them.  In fact, many smart people save the fruitcakes
they receive and send them back to the original givers the next year;
some fruitcakes have been passed back and forth for hundreds of years.

The easiest way to make a fruitcake is to buy a darkish cake, then
pound some old, hard fruit into it with a mallet.  Be sure to wear
safety glasses.
		-- Dave Barry, "Simple, Homespun Gifts"


Confucius say:
	man who lay girl on hill, not on level.
	man who pull out too fast leave rubber.
	man who go to bed with sex problem wake up with solution in hand.
	modern house without toilet uncanny.
	man with athletic finger make broad jump
	woman should not marry basketball players -- they dribble before
		they shoot.
	man who sleep in road wake up with run-down feeling.
	woman who goes to man's apartment for snack, may get tit bit.
	child conceived in back seat of car with automatic transmission
		turn out to be shiftless bastard.
	a smart man knows on which side his broad is better.
	man who arrives late to party will find himself beaten to the punch!


It is bad luck to be superstitious.
		-- Andrew W. Mathis


The future is a race between education and catastrophe.
		-- H. G. Wells


One family builds a wall, two families enjoy it.


A woman must be a cute, cuddly, naive little thing -- tender, sweet,
and stupid.
		-- Adolf Hitler


QOTD:
	"I used to go to UCLA, but then my Dad got a job."


You may be recognized soon.  Hide.


In every country and every age, the priest has been hostile to Liberty.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Man:

 1. Having a beer can't make you pregnant.
 2. A beer wouldn't trade you in on a sports car.
 3. If a beer did have a sports car, it wouldn't love it more than you.
 4. A beer doesn't want to go out alone with the other beers.
 5. A beer wouldn't waste its money on Playbeer magazine.
 6. You don't have to worry about getting AIDS from a bisexual beer.
 7. A beer won't switch the TV channel.
 8. A beer doesn't snore.
 9. A beer doesn't care that you can't find your car's carburator.
10. A beer doesn't think black leather bikinis are neat.


Zymurgy's Law of Volunteer Labor:
	People are always available for work in the past tense.


Q:	What's a JAP's (Jewish American Princess) dream house?
A:	Fourteen rooms in Scarsdale, no kitchen, no bedroom.


Why am I so soft in the middle when the rest of my life is so hard?
		-- Paul Simon


Poverty must have its satisfactions, else there would not be so many
poor people.
		-- Don Herold


Never test the depth of the water with both feet.


It's Like This

Even the samurai
have teddy bears,
and even the teddy bears
get drunk.


Argue for your limitations, and sure enough, they're yours.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


Space: the final frontier.  These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise.
Its five-year mission: to explore strange new worlds; to seek out new life
and new civilizations; to boldly go where no man has gone before.
		-- Captain James T. Kirk


	There was a knock on the door.  Mrs. Miffin opened it.  "Are
you the Widow Miffin?" a small boy asked.
	"I'm Mrs. Miffin," she replied, "but I'm not a widow."
	"Oh, no?" replied the little boy.  "Wait 'til you see what
they're carrying upstairs!"


No extensible language will be universal.
		-- T. Cheatham


If your happiness depends on what somebody else does,
I guess you do have a problem.
		-- Richard Bach, "Illusions"


	"I'm terribly sorry, sir," the novice barber apologized, after
badly nicking a customer.  "Let me wrap your head in a towel."
	"That's all right," said the customer.  "I'll just take it home
under my arm."


In reply to a message by Scott Long:

> Note: this amounts to life support for floppies.  The end IS coming.

Say it ain't so!  If you establish a dangerous trend like this in
your support for floppy booting, the next thing you know, some
computer manufacturer will start shipping machines without ANY FLOPPY
DRIVE AT ALL, leading to the infocalypse, the four horsemen pouring
their vials upon the earth, the birth of the anti-christ (or PERL 6,
whichever comes first), dogs and cats living together, etc.

It's the end of days, I tell you!  The end!  Can the FreeBSD/NetBSD
merger be that far off?
		-- Jordan Hubbard (31 January 2006)


Hear about...
	the absent-minded exhibitionist who was arrested for exposing
	his whatchamacalit?


The most hopelessly stupid man is he who is not aware that he is wise.


A musician, an artist, an architect:
	the man or woman who is not one of these is not a Christian.
		-- William Blake


I kissed my first girl and smoked my first cigarette on the same day.
I haven't had time for tobacco since.
		-- Arturo Toscanini


Psychiatrists say that one out of four people are mentally ill.
Check three friends.  If they're okay, you're it.


You climb to reach the summit, but once
there, discover that all roads lead down.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "The Cyberiad"


Symptom:		Feet cold and wet, glass empty.
Fault:			Glass being held at incorrect angle.
Action Required:	Turn glass other way up so that open end points
			toward ceiling.

Symptom:		Feet warm and wet.
Fault:			Improper bladder control.
Action Required:	Go stand next to nearest dog.  After a while complain
			to the owner about its lack of house training and
			demand a beer as compensation.

		-- Bar Troubleshooting


Because we don't think about future generations,
they will never forget us.
		-- Henrik Tikkanen


You own a dog, but you can only feed a cat.


	A master programmer passed a novice programmer one day.  The master
noted the novice's preoccupation with a hand-held computer game.  "Excuse me",
he said, "may I examine it?"
	The novice bolted to attention and handed the device to the master.
"I see that the device claims to have three levels of play: Easy, Medium,
and Hard", said the master.  "Yet every such device has another level of play,
where the device seeks not to conquer the human, nor to be conquered by the
human."
	"Pray, great master," implored the novice, "how does one find this
mysterious setting?"
	The master dropped the device to the ground and crushed it under foot.
And suddenly the novice was enlightened.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


PROMOTION FROM WITHIN:
	A system of moving incompetents up to the policy-making
	level where they can't foul up operations.


Those who are mentally and emotionally healthy are those who have
learned when to say yes, when to say no and when to say whoopee.
		-- W. S. Krabill


Naked children are so perfectly pure and lovely.  I confess I do not admire
naked boys.  They always seem to me to need clothes -- whereas one hardly
sees why the lovely forms of girls should ever be covered up.
		-- Lewis Carroll


A total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but abstention,
and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


To be excellent when engaged in administration is to be like the North
Star.  As it remains in its one position, all the other stars surround it.
		-- Confucius


I'm going to Boston to see my doctor.  He's a very sick man.
		-- Fred Allen


SAGITTARIUS (Nov 22 - Dec 21)
	You are optimistic and enthusiastic.  You have a reckless
	tendency to rely on luck since you lack talent.  The majority
	of Sagittarians are drunks or dope fiends or both.  People
	laugh at you a great deal.


Comparing information and knowledge is like asking whether the fatness
of a pig is more or less green than the designated hitter rule."
		-- David Guaspari


Warp 7 -- It's a law we can live with.


If you MUST get married, it is always advisable to marry beauty.
Otherwise, you'll never find anybody to take her off your hands.


Hear about...
	the guy who was so well endowed that he had a fiveskin?


Ginsburg's Law:
	At the precise moment you take off your shoe in a shoe store, your
	big toe will pop out of your sock to see what's going on.


Don't be concerned, it will not harm you,
It's only me pursuing something I'm not sure of,
Across my dreams, with neptive wonder,
I chase the bright elusive butterfly of love.


You will wish you hadn't.


Weinberg's Principle:
	An expert is a person who avoids the small errors while sweeping
	on to the grand fallacy.


God is the tangential point between zero and infinity.
		-- Alfred Jarry


... like, what do they mean when they say 'feminine protection'?
What's that?  A chartreuse flamethrower?
		-- Opus


University politics are vicious precisely because the stakes are so small.
		-- Henry Kissinger


When one burns one's bridges, what a very nice fire it makes.
		-- Dylan Thomas


Those who do things in a noble spirit of
self-sacrifice are to be avoided at all costs.
		-- N. Alexander


White dwarf seeks red giant for binary relationship.


The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions.
		-- Alfred Adler


Blessed are they who Go Around in Circles,
for they Shall be Known as Wheels.


Goals... Plans... they're fantasies, they're part of a dream world...
		-- Wally Shawn


Real buddy, n.:
	Someone who'll go downtown and get two blowjobs, and come back
	and give you one.


	The Magician of the Ivory Tower brought his latest invention for the
master programmer to examine.  The magician wheeled a large black box into the
master's office while the master waited in silence.
	"This is an integrated, distributed, general-purpose workstation,"
began the magician, "ergonomically designed with a proprietary operating
system, sixth generation languages, and multiple state of the art user
interfaces.  It took my assistants several hundred man years to construct.
Is it not amazing?"
	The master raised his eyebrows slightly. "It is indeed amazing," he
said.
	"Corporate Headquarters has commanded," continued the magician, "that
everyone use this workstation as a platform for new programs.  Do you agree
to this?"
	"Certainly," replied the master, "I will have it transported to the
data center immediately!"  And the magician returned to his tower, well
pleased.
	Several days later, a novice wandered into the office of the master
programmer and said, "I cannot find the listing for my new program.  Do
you know where it might be?"
	"Yes," replied the master, "the listings are stacked on the platform
in the data center."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Next Friday will not be your lucky day.
As a matter of fact, you don't have a lucky day this year.


I used to have a drinking problem.
Now I love the stuff.


Hier liegt ein Mann ganz ohnegleich;
Im Leibe dick, an Suenden reich.
Wir haben ihn ins Grab gesteckt,	Here lies a man with sundry flaws
Weil es uns duenkt er sei verreckt.	And numerous Sins upon his head;
					We buried him today because
					As far as we can tell, he's dead.
		-- PDQ Bach's epitaph, as requested by his cousin Betty
		   Sue Bach and written by the local doggerel catcher;
		   "The Definitive Biography of PDQ Bach", Peter
		   Schickele


Sears has everything.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(15) The Peace Movement in the United States was, whether by accident or
     design, pro-communist.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Bahdges?  We don't need no stinkin' bahdges!
		-- "The Treasure of Sierra Madre"


No one knows like a woman how to say
things that are at once gentle and deep.
		-- Hugo


Men will fuck mud.
		-- Lenny Bruce


If I had any humility I would be perfect.
		-- Ted Turner


If you are smart enough to know that you're not
smart enough to be an Engineer, then you're in Business.


Famous last words:
	1: Everything that you'll need to know is in the manual.
	2: You and what army?
	3: Don't worry, I can handle it.
	4: If you were as smart as you think you are, you wouldn't
		be a cop.
	5: I don't see how they make a profit
		out of this stuff at a dollar and a quarter a fifth.
	6: We're just getting into semantics again.
	7: Everything's under control.
	8: He's an asshole!  Don't try to "shush" me!


Oh, I am a C programmer and I'm okay
	I muck with indices and structs all day
And when it works, I shout hoo-ray
	Oh, I am a C programmer and I'm okay


	The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy has a few things to say on
the subject of towels.
	A towel, it says, is about the most massively useful thing an
interstellar hitchhiker can have.  Partly it has great practical value.
You can wrap it around you for warmth as you bound across the cold moons
of Jaglan Beta; you can lie on it on the brilliant marble-sanded beaches
of Santraginus V ... use it to sail a miniraft down the slow heavy River
Moth; wave your towel in emergencies, and, of course, dry yourself off
with it if it still seems to be clean enough.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


BACHELOR:
	A man who chases women and never Mrs. one.


Remember that there is an outside world to see and enjoy.
		-- Hans Liepmann


Nothing is faster than the speed of light.

To prove this to yourself, try opening the
refrigerator door before the light comes on.


You have the capacity to learn from mistakes.
You'll learn a lot today.


After repeatedly warding off her date's amorous advances during the evening,
the pretty young thing decided to put her foot down: "See here," she shouted
indignantly.  "This is positively the last time I'm going to tell you `no'."
	"Splendid!" exclaimed her date.  "Now we can start making some
progress."


Diaphragm, n.:
	A childproof cap.


	"What's that thing?"
	"Well, it's a highly technical, sensitive instrument we use in
computer repair.  Being a layman, you probably can't grasp exactly what
it does.  We call it a two-by-four."
		-- Jeff MacNelly, "Shoe"


Kill a commie for Christ!


The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
		-- Mark Twain


Briefly stated, the findings are that when presented with an array of
data or a sequence of events in which they are instructed to discover
an underlying order, subjects show strong tendencies to perceive order
and causality in random arrays, to perceive a pattern or correlation
which seems a priori intuitively correct even when the actual correlation
in the data is counterintuitive, to jump to conclusions about the correct
hypothesis, to seek and to use only positive or confirmatory evidence, to
construe evidence liberally as confirmatory, to fail to generate or to
assess alternative hypotheses, and having thus managed to expose themselves
only to confirmatory instances, to be fallaciously confident of the validity
of their judgments (Jahoda, 1969; Einhorn and Hogarth, 1978).  In the
analyzing of past events, these tendencies are exacerbated by failure to
appreciate the pitfalls of post hoc analyses.
		-- A. Benjamin


TOO BAD YOU CAN'T BUY a voodoo globe so that you could make the earth spin
real fast and freak everybody out.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Antonym, n.:
	The opposite of the word you're trying to think of.


Never trust anybody whose arm is bigger than your leg.


But these pills can't be habit forming;
I've been taking them for years.


Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness consists in
the ability to stick to one thing till it gets there.
		-- Josh Billings


The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax.
		-- Albert Einstein


I'm so miserable without you, it's almost like you're here.


Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
		-- Sextus Aurelius


Some people pray for more than they are willing to work for.


