One planet is all you get.


I don't wish to appear overly inquisitive, but are you still alive?


IN MY OPINION anyone interested in improving himself should not rule out
becoming pure energy.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Look, we trade every day out there with hustlers, deal-makers, shysters,
con-men.  That's the way businesses get started.  That's the way this
country was built.
		-- Hubert Allen


Coffee without caffeine.  Beer without alcohol.  Milk without fat.
What's next?  Bridal suites with bunk beds?
		-- Orben's Current Comedy


Real programmers disdain structured programming.  Structured
programming is for compulsive neurotics who were prematurely toilet-
trained.  They wear neckties and carefully line up pencils on otherwise
clear desks.


WEAPON:
	An index of the lack of development of a culture.


As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing.


QOTD:
	"I'll listen to reason when it comes out on CD."


There are no great men, buster.  There are only men.
		-- Elaine Stewart, "The Bad and the Beautiful"


Agree with them now, it will save so much time.


Q:	What's worse than getting raped by Jack the Ripper?
A:	Getting fingered by Captain Hook!


Masturbation, n.:
	Coming unscrewed.


	Catching his children with their hands in the new, still wet, patio,
the father spanked them.  His wife asked, "Don't you love your children?"
"In the abstract, yes, but not in the concrete."


One fall day, two men were out in the woods hunting.  Feeling a sudden need
to relieve himself, George went over to a nearby clump of bushes, unzipped
his fly, and started in when a poisonous snake lunged out of the bushes and
bit him on his penis.  Hearing George's howl of pain and fright, his friend
Fred came running up and told him to lie still while he used the radio to
call a doctor.
	"There's only one way to save your friend's life," said the doctor
gravely.  "If you cut a shallow 'X' over the bite and then suck as much of
the poison out as you can, he'll probably be okay, but otherwise there's not
much hope."
	Hearing Fred's footsteps, George rose weakly up on one elbow and
cried out, "Fred, what'd he say?  What did the doctor say?"
	"George, old friend," said Fred sadly, "he said you're gonna die."


Laughing at you is like drop kicking a wounded humming bird.


To be a kind of moral Unix, he touched the hem of Nature's shift.
		-- Shelley


L'hazard ne favorise que l'esprit prepare.
		-- L. Pasteur


	"In this replacement Earth we're building they've given me Africa
to do and of course I'm doing it with all fjords again because I happen to
like them, and I'm old-fashioned enough to think that they give a lovely
baroque feel to a continent.  And they tell me it's not equatorial enough.
Equatorial!"  He gave a hollow laugh.  "What does it matter?  Science has
achieved some wonderful things, of course, but I'd far rather be happy than
right any day."
	"And are you?"
	"No.  That's where it all falls down, of course."
	"Pity," said Arthur with sympathy.  "It sounded like quite a good
life-style otherwise."
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Lensmen eat Jedi for breakfast.


This guy makes an appointment with a doctor because his hemorrhoids are
really bothering him.  The doctor gives him some suppositories and tells
him to come back in a week for a checkup.  "How's it going?" he asks
the patient a week later.
	"I gotta tell you the truth, Doc," said the man.  "For all the
good these pills did me, I coulda shoved them up my ass."


She begged and she pleaded for more.
I said, "We've already had four,
	And I'm sure that you've heard,
	Though it's somewhat absurd,
That eros spelt backwards is sore."


For perfect happiness, remember two things:
	(1) Be content with what you've got.
	(2) Be sure you've got plenty.


Little Miss Muffet, sat on a tuffet,
Eating her curds and whey.
Along came a spider,
Who sat down beside her,
And said, "Hey, what's in the bowl, bitch?"
		-- Andrew "Dice" Clay


You will gain money by a fattening action.


(1) Alexander the Great was a great general.
(2) Great generals are forewarned.
(3) Forewarned is forearmed.
(4) Four is an even number.
(5) Four is certainly an odd number of arms for a man to have.
(6) The only number that is both even and odd is infinity.
	Therefore, all horses are black.


The Law of the Letter:
	The best way to inspire fresh thoughts is to seal the envelope.


Herth's Law:
	He who turns the other cheek too far gets it in the neck.


Thank God I've always avoided persecuting my enemies.
		-- Adolf Hitler


I went into the business for the money, and the art grew out of it.
If people are disillusioned by that remark, I can't help it.
It's the truth.
		-- Charlie Chaplin


You have only to mumble a few words in church to get married
and few words in your sleep to get divorced.


Dear Abby:
	I have two brothers.  One was sent to the electric chair when I was
a child.  My mother died in an insane asylum.  My father is a pimp and my
sister is a very successful and highly paid prostitute.  My other brother
is a graduate student attending Purdue University.
	Recently I met a wonderful girl who has just been released from prison
for murdering her illegitimate child with a Zip-loc sandwich bag.  We're very
much in love and want to be married after her venereal disease is cured.
	My problem is this: should I tell her about my brother at Purdue?

		Sincerely,
		Undecided.


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #37:

Q:  Did he pick the dog up by the ears?
A:  No.
Q:  What was he doing with the dog's ears?
A:  Picking them up in the air.
Q:  Where was the dog at this time?
A:  Attached to the ears.


Beauty and harmony are as necessary to you as the very breath of life.


Not only is this incomprehensible, but the ink is
ugly and the paper is from the wrong kind of tree.
		-- Professor W., EECS, George Washington University

I'm looking forward to working with you on this next year.
		-- Professor, Harvard, on a senior thesis


It destroys one's nerves to be amiable every day to the same human being.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli


All the big corporations depreciate their possessions, and you can,
too, provided you use them for business purposes.  For example, if you
subscribe to the Wall Street Journal, a business-related newspaper, you
can deduct the cost of your house, because, in the words of U.S.
Supreme Court Chief Justice Warren Burger in a landmark 1979 tax
decision: "Where else are you going to read the paper?  Outside?  What
if it rains?"
		-- Dave Barry, "Sweating Out Taxes"


I THINK THEY SHOULD CONTINUE the policy of not giving a Nobel Prize for
paneling.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Phone call for chucky-pooh.


Being in the army is like being in the Boy Scouts, except that the
Boy Scouts have adult supervision.
		-- Blake Clark


I don't remember it, but I have it written down.


Girls would never stay out late if guys didn't make them.


Q:	Why do Scotsmen wear kilts?
A:	Because a sheep can hear the sound of a zipper from fifty feet away.
		-- Iain MacKintosh, Glasgow folksinger


I never trust a man unless I've got his pecker in my pocket.
		-- Lyndon B. Johnson

I've got Hubert's pecker in my pocket.
		-- Lyndon B. Johnson


The purpose of Physics 7A is to make the engineers realize that they're
not perfect, and to make the rest of the people realize that they're not
engineers.


Female rabbits:
	The gift that just "keeps on giving."


The system will be down for 10 days for preventative maintenance.


An egg has the shortest sex-life of all: it gets laid once; it gets
eaten once.  It also has to come in a box with 11 others, and the only
person who will sit on its face is its mother.


Q:	How many marketing people does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	I'll have to get back to you on that.


There are many ways to say "I love you", but fucking is the fastest.


Delores breezed along the surface of her life like a flat stone forever
skipping along smooth water, rippling reality sporadically but oblivious
to it consistently, until she finally lost momentum, sank, and due to an
overdose of fluoride as a child which caused her to suffer from chronic
apathy, doomed herself to lie forever on the floor of her life as useless
as an appendix and as lonely as a five-hundred pound barbell in a
steroid-free fitness center.
		-- Winning sentence, 1990 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest


Crenna's Law of Political Accountability:
	If you are the first to know about something bad,
	you are going to be held responsible for acting on it,
	regardless of your formal duties.


In Mexico we have a word for sushi: bait.
		-- Josi Simon


If you think technology can solve your security problems, then you
don't understand the problems and you don't understand the technology.
		-- Bruce Schneier


Reappraisal, n.:
	An abrupt change of mind after being found out.


For courage mounteth with occasion.
		-- William Shakespeare, "King John"


Coors, n.:
	Like making love in a canoe -- fucking close to water.


Q:	What do you call a dog with no legs?
A:	What does it matter?  He can't come anyway.

	[I got a dog with no legs -- I call him Cigarette.
		Every night, I take him out for a drag.  Ed.]


Life is divided into the horrible and the miserable.
		-- Woody Allen, "Annie Hall"


Curiosity killed the cat, but satisfaction brought her back.


Croll's Query:
	If tin whistles are made of tin, what are foghorns made of?


A radioactive cat has eighteen half-lives.


Monday is an awful way to spend one seventh of your life.


Well, anyway, I was reading this James Bond book, and right away I realized
that like most books, it had too many words.  The plot was the same one that
all James Bond books have: An evil person tries to blow up the world, but
James Bond kills him and his henchmen and makes love to several attractive
women.  There, that's it: 24 words.  But the guy who wrote the book took
*thousands* of words to say it.
	Or consider "The Brothers Karamazov", by the famous Russian alcoholic
Fyodor Dostoyevsky.  It's about these two brothers who kill their father.
Or maybe only one of them kills the father.  It's impossible to tell because
what they mostly do is talk for nearly a thousand pages.  If all Russians talk
as much as the Karamazovs did, I don't see how they found time to become a
major world power.
	I'm told that Dostoyevsky wrote "The Brothers Karamazov" to raise
the question of whether there is a God.  So why didn't he just come right
out and say: "Is there a God? It sure beats the heck out of me."
	Other famous works could easily have been summarized in a few words:

* "Moby Dick" -- Don't mess around with large whales because they symbolize
  nature and will kill you.
* "A Tale of Two Cities" -- French people are crazy.
		-- Dave Barry


To teach is to learn.


Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature.
		-- Rich Kulawiec


Either I'm dead or my watch has stopped.
		-- Groucho Marx' last words


7:30, Channel 5: The Bionic Dog (Action/Adventure)
	The Bionic Dog gets a hormonal short-circuit and violates the
	Mann Act with an interstate Greyhound bus.


Marriage is a romance in which the hero dies in the first chapter.


Our policy is, when in doubt, do the right thing.
		-- Roy L. Ash, ex-president, Litton Industries


It's important that people know what you stand for.
It's more important that they know what you won't stand for.


Television is now so desperately hungry for material
that it is scraping the top of the barrel.
		-- Gore Vidal


Death is a spirit leaving a body, sort
of like a shell leaving the nut behind.
		-- Erma Bombeck


Horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on people.
		-- W. C. Fields


The more I learn about women, the more I love my dog.


I profoundly believe it takes a lot of practice to become a moral slob.
		-- William F. Buckley


You can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake.
		-- Jeannette Rankin


...the flaw that makes perfection perfect.


One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
		-- Helen Keller


NEWS FLASH!!
	Today the East German pole-vault champion
	became the West German pole-vault champion.


I owe the government $3400 in taxes.  So I sent them two hammers and a
toilet seat.
		-- Michael McShane


	A man pleaded innocent of any wrong doing when caught by the police
during a raid at the home of a mobster, excusing himself by claiming that he
was making a bolt for the door.


Infidel, n.:
	In New York, one who does not believe in the Christian religion;
	in Constantinople, one who does.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


COBOL:
	Completely Over and Beyond reason Or Logic.


People who take cold baths never have rheumatism, but they have
cold baths.


Have a coke and a smile!
		-- John DeLorean


People who are funny and smart and return phone calls get
much better press than people who are just funny and smart.
		-- Howard Simons, "The Washington Post"


Indecision is the true basis for flexibility.


Advertising is a valuable economic factor because it is the cheapest
way of selling goods, particularly if the goods are worthless.
		-- Sinclair Lewis


Q:	What did Tarzan say when he saw the elephants coming over the hill?
A:	"The elephants are coming over the hill."

Q:	What did he say when saw them coming over the hill wearing
	sunglasses?
A:	Nothing, for he didn't recognize them.


In any country there must be people who have to die.  They are the
sacrifices any nation has to make to achieve law and order.
		-- Idi Amin Dada


My ritual differs slightly.  What I do, first thing [in the morning], is I
hop into the shower stall.  Then I hop right back out, because when I hopped
in I landed barefoot right on top of See Threepio, a little plastic robot
character from "Star Wars" whom my son, Robert, likes to pull the legs off
of while he showers.  Then I hop right back into the stall because our dog,
Earnest, who has been alone in the basement all night building up powerful
dog emotions, has come bounding and quivering into the bathroom and wants
to greet me with 60 or 70 thousand playful nips, any one of which -- bear
in mind that I am naked and, without my contact lenses, essentially blind
-- could result in the kind of injury where you have to learn a whole new
part if you want to sing the "Messiah," if you get my drift.  Then I hop
right back out, because Robert, with that uncanny sixth sense some children
have -- you cannot teach it; they either have it or they don't -- has chosen
exactly that moment to flush one of the toilets.  Perhaps several of them.
		-- Dave Barry


Fain would I climb, yet fear I to fall.
		-- Sir Walter Raleigh


The Government just announced today the creation of the Neutron Bomb II.
Similar to the Neutron Bomb, the Neutron Bomb II not only kills people
and leaves buildings standing, but also does a little light housekeeping.


Government's Law:
	There is an exception to all laws.


Symptom:		Everything has gone dark.
Fault:			The Bar is closing.
Action Required:	Panic.

Symptom:		You awaken to find your bed hard, cold and wet.
			You cannot see the bathroom light.
Fault:			You have spent the night in the gutter.
Action Required:	Check your watch to see if bars are open yet.  If not,
			treat yourself to a lie-in.

		-- Bar Troubleshooting


After a while you learn the subtle difference
Between holding a hand and chaining a soul,
And you learn that love doesn't mean security,
And you begin to learn that kisses aren't contracts
And presents aren't promises
And you begin to accept your defeats
With your head up and your eyes open,
With the grace of a woman, not the grief of a child,
And you learn to build all your roads
On today because tomorrow's ground
Is too uncertain.  And futures have
A way of falling down in midflight,
After a while you learn that even sunshine burns if you get too much.
So you plant your own garden and decorate your own soul, instead of waiting
For someone to bring you flowers.
And you learn that you really can endure...
That you really are strong,
And you really do have worth
And you learn and learn
With every goodbye you learn.
		-- Veronic Shoffstall, "Comes the Dawn"


A beautiful woman is a picture which drives all beholders nobly mad.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


A lady with one of her ears applied
To an open keyhole heard, inside,
Two female gossips in converse free --
The subject engaging them was she.
"I think", said one, "and my husband thinks
That she's a prying, inquisitive minx!"
As soon as no more of it she could hear
The lady, indignant, removed her ear.
"I will not stay," she said with a pout,
"To hear my character lied about!"
		-- Gopete Sherany


He who foresees calamities suffers them twice over.


Those who make peaceful revolution impossible
will make violent revolution inevitable.
		-- John F. Kennedy


Not drinking, chasing women, or doing drugs won't
make you live longer -- it just seems that way.


There are four kinds of homicide: felonious, excusable, justifiable,
and praiseworthy ...
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


No, "Eureka" is Greek for "This bath is too hot."
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


Said President Jobcock one day:
"War's better than love, I should say.
	Instead of a virgin,
	It's murder I'm urgin'--
You get lots more blood that-a-way."


TOTD (T-shirt Of The Day):
	I'm the person your mother warned you about.


Buy old masters.  They fetch better prices than old mistresses.
		-- Lord Beaverbrook


This is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
And now you know why.


If it ain't baroque, don't fix it.


