Don't get to bragging.


I live the way I type; fast, with a lot of mistakes.


You can always tell the Christmas season is here when you start getting
incredibly dense, tinfoil-and-ribbon- wrapped lumps in the mail.
Fruitcakes make ideal gifts because the Postal Service has been unable
to find a way to damage them.  They last forever, largely because
nobody ever eats them.  In fact, many smart people save the fruitcakes
they receive and send them back to the original givers the next year;
some fruitcakes have been passed back and forth for hundreds of years.

The easiest way to make a fruitcake is to buy a darkish cake, then
pound some old, hard fruit into it with a mallet.  Be sure to wear
safety glasses.
		-- Dave Barry, "Simple, Homespun Gifts"


Hear that...
	the only thing worse than coming home with lipstick on your
	collar is being caught with leg make-up on your ears?


Why my thoughts are my own, when they are in, but when they are out they
are another's.
		-- Susanna Martin, executed for witchcraft, 1681


The only real advantage to punk music is that nobody can whistle it.


Good day for overcoming obstacles.  Try a steeplechase.


The history of warfare is similarly subdivided, although here the phases
are Retribution, Anticipation, and Diplomacy.  Thus:

Retribution:
	I'm going to kill you because you killed my brother.
Anticipation:
	I'm going to kill you because I killed your brother.
Diplomacy:
	I'm going to kill my brother and then kill you on the
	pretext that your brother did it.


Dime is money.


I asked a teacher what the opposite of a miracle was and she, without
thinking, I assume, said it was an act of God.
			-- Terry Prachett (Daily Mail 21 june 2008)


If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail.
		-- Maslow


The Commandments of the EE:

9:	Trifle thee not with radioactive tubes and substances lest thou
	commence to glow in the dark like a lightning bug, and thy wife be
	frustrated and have not further use for thee except for thy wages.
10:	Commit thou to memory all the words of the prophets which are
	written down in thy Bible which is the National Electrical Code,
	and giveth out with the straight dope and consoleth thee when
	thou hast suffered a ream job by the chief electrician.
11:	When thou muckest about with a device in an unthinking and/or
	unknowing manner, thou shalt keep one hand in thy pocket.  Better
	that thou shouldest keep both hands in thy pockets than
	experimentally determine the electrical potential of an
	innocent-seeming device.


Do you want to know what's ahead for you, in your happiness at home,
your business success?  Here's a telling test: Look in the mirror.  Is
your skin smooth and lovely, your hair gleaming, your make-up glamorous?
Are you slender enough for your height?  Do you stand erect, confident?
Yes?  Then you are on your way to success as a woman.
		-- Ladies' Home Journal, 1947 advertisement


Its failings notwithstanding, there is much to be said in favor of journalism
in that by giving us the opinion of the uneducated, it keeps us in touch with
the ignorance of the community.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Starkle, starkle, little twink,
Who the hell you are I think
I'm not as drunk as thinkle peep
I'm just a little slort of sheep.
Tee martoonis make a guy,
Feel so woozy, I don't know why.
So mass the pixer and kill my fup
I've all day sober to sunday up.


Try the Moo Shu Pork.  It is especially good today.


Set the cart before the horse.
		-- John Heywood


Soap and education are not as sudden as a
massacre, but they are more deadly in the long run.
		-- Mark Twain


The turtle lives 'twixt plated decks
Which practically conceal its sex.
I think it clever of the turtle
In such a fix to be so fertile.
		-- Ogden Nash


One doesn't have a sense of humor.  It has you.
		-- Larry Gelbart


	The Minnesota Board of Education voted to consider requiring all
students to do some "volunteer work" as a prerequisite to high school gradu-
ation.
	Senator Orrin Hatch said that "capital punishment is our society's
recognition of the sanctity of human life."

	According to the tax bill signed by President Reagan on December 22,
1987, Don Tyson and his sister-in-law Barbara run a "family farm."  Their
"farm" has 25,000 employees and grosses $1.7 billion a year.  But as a "family
farm" they get tax breaks that save them $135 million a year.

	Scott L. Pickard, spokesperson for the Massachusetts Department of
Public Works, calls them "ground-mounted confirmatory route markers."  You
probably call them road signs, but then you don't work in a government agency.

	It's not "elderly" or "senior citizens" anymore.  Now it's "chrono-
logically experienced citizens."

	According to the FAA, the propeller blade didn't break off, it was
just a case of "uncontained blade liberation."
		-- Quarterly Review of Doublespeak (NCTE)


Then there was the guy that got badly messed up fighting
for his girl's honor.  It seems she wanted to keep it.


Greenspun's Tenth Rule of Programming:
	Any sufficiently complicated C or Fortran program contains
	an ad hoc informally-specified bug-ridden slow implementation
	of half of Common Lisp.


Flannister, n.:
	The plastic yoke that holds a six-pack of beer together.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Militant agnostic: I don't know, and you don't either.


The difference between like and love is the
same as the difference between a spit and a swallow.


A man is like a rusty wheel on a rusty cart,
He sings his song as he rattles along and then he falls apart.
		-- Richard Thompson


A woman is driving down the street, her ten-year-old daughter belted into
the passenger seat.  The daughter asks "Mommy, how old are you?"
	The mother says "That's a personal question. It's not nice to ask
people personal questions."
	The daughter thinks a while, then asks "Mommy, how much do you weigh?"
	The mother replies "That's a personal question too.  I'm not going
to tell you."
	Chastised, the daughter asks no more questions.  The mother parks the
car. "I'm going to see Mrs. Tristan for a couple of minutes.  You stay here in
the car and watch my purse."
	After the mother leaves, the daughter removes her mother's driver's
license from the purse, studies it for a few minutes and replaces it.  When
her mother returns they drive off.  The little girl comments:
	"Mommy, I know how old you are.  You're 32."
	"That's right!  How did you know?"
	"And you weigh 119 pounds."
	"Did you look in my purse?"
	"And I know why you and Daddy divorced."
	"You *do*?"
	"Yes," said the daughter. "Because you flunked sex!"


Harp not on that string.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


Immanuel doesn't pun, he Kant.


Fairy Tale, n.:
	A horror story to prepare children for the newspapers.


Man is the only animal that blushes -- or needs to.
		-- Mark Twain


Jews always know two things: suffering and where to find great Chinese food.
		-- From the movie "My Favorite Year"


Those who educate children well are more to be honored than
parents, for these only gave life, those the art of living well.
		-- Aristotle


It is not true that life is one damn thing after another -- it is one
damn thing over and over.
		-- Edna St. Vincent Millay


A bug in the hand is better than one as yet undetected.


Duct tape is like the force.  It has a light side,
and a dark side, and it holds the universe together.
		-- Carl Zwanzig


The girl who stoops to conquer usually wears a low-cut dress.


	Plumbing is one of the easier of do-it-yourself activities,
requiring only a few simple tools and a willingness to stick your arm
into a clogged toilet.  In fact, you can solve many home plumbing
problems, such as annoying faucet drip, merely by turning up the
radio.  But before we get into specific techniques, let's look at how
plumbing works.
	A plumbing system is very much like your electrical system,
except that instead of electricity, it has water, and instead of wires,
it has pipes, and instead of radios and waffle irons, it has faucets
and toilets.  So the truth is that your plumbing systems is nothing at
all like your electrical system, which is good, because electricity can
kill you.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


CONFERENCE:
	A special meeting in which the boss gathers subordinates to hear
	what they have to say, so long as it doesn't conflict with what
	he's already decided to do.


A husband is what is left of the lover after the nerve has been extracted.
		-- Helen Rowland


What will happen when the 32-bit Unix date goes negative in mid-January
2038 does not bear thinking about.
		-- Henry Spencer


In our civilization, and under our republican form of government, intelligence
is so highly honored that it is rewarded by exemption from the cares of office.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


A psychiatrist is a person who will give you expensive answers that
your wife will give you for free.


Stamp out philately.


Being conservative has never been regarded as old-fashioned.  But
if you fight for a sensible step in the right direction which others
has deserted you will be branded "reactionary".
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Rule of the Great:
	When people you greatly admire appear to be thinking deep
	thoughts, they probably are thinking about lunch.


Q:	Do you know what the death rate around here is?
A:	One per person.


Es giebt ein Arbeiter von Tinz,
Er schlaft mit ein Madel von Linz.
	Sie sagt, "Halt sein' plummen,
	Ich hore Mann kommen."
"Jacht, jacht," sagt der Plummer, "Ich binz."


Never commit yourself!  Let someone else commit you.


System/3!  System/3!
See how it runs! See how it runs!
	Its monitor loses so totally!
	It runs all its programs in RPG!
	It's made by our favorite monopoly!
System/3!


I've noticed several design suggestions in your code.


What you don't know can hurt you, only you won't know it.


Woman was taken out of man -- not out of his head, to rule over him; nor
out of his feet, to be trampled under by him; but out of his side, to be
equal to him -- under his arm, that he might protect her, and near his heart
that he might love her.
		-- Henry


	The FIELD GUIDE to NORTH AMERICAN MALES

SPECIES:	Cranial Males
SUBSPECIES:	The Hacker (homo computatis)
Courtship & Mating:
	Due to extreme deprivation, HOMO COMPUTATIS maintains a near perpetual
	state of sexual readiness.  Courtship behavior alternates between
	awkward shyness and abrupt advances.  When he finally mates, he
	chooses a female engineer with an unblinking stare, a tight mouth, and
	a complete collection of Campbell's soup-can recipes.
Track:
	Trash cans full of pale green and white perforated paper and old
	copies of the Allen-Bradley catalog.
Comments:
	Extremely fond of bad puns and jokes that need long explanations.


When God created two sexes, he may have been overdoing it.
		-- Charles Merrill Smith


When the sun shineth, make hay.
		-- John Heywood


What is truth?  We must adopt a pragmatic definition: it is what is believed
to be the truth.  A lie that is put across therefore becomes the truth and
may, therefore, be justified.  The difficulty is to keep up lying... it is
simpler to tell the truth and if a sufficient emergency arises, to tell one,
big thumping lie that will then be believed.
		-- Ministry of Information, memo on the maintenance of
		   British civilian morale, 1939


	An Englishman, a Frenchman and an American are captured by cannibals.
The leader of the tribe comes up to them and says, "Even though you are about
to killed, your deaths will not be in vain.  Every part of your body will be
used.  Your flesh will be eaten, for my people are hungry.  Your hair will be
woven into clothing, for my people are naked.  Your bones will be ground up
and made into medicine, for my people are sick.  Your skin will be stretched
over canoe frames, for my people need transportation.  We are a fair people,
and we offer you a chance to kill yourself with our ceremonial knife."
	The Englishman accepts the knife and yells, "God Save the Queen",
while plunging the knife into his heart.
	The Frenchman removes the knife from the fallen body, and yells,
"Vive la France", while plunging the knife into his heart.
	The American removes the knife from the fallen body, and yells,
while stabbing himself all over his body, "Here's your lousy canoe!"


INTOXICATED:
	When you feel sophisticated without being able to pronounce it.


Today is a good day to bribe a high-ranking public official.


Hideously disfigured by an ancient Indian curse?

		WE CAN HELP!

Call (511) 338-0959 for an immediate appointment.


Man who dance in crowded ballroom
dance cheek to cheek with woman behind him.


I am convinced that the truest act of courage is to sacrifice ourselves
for others in a totally nonviolent struggle for justice.  To be a man
is to suffer for others.
		-- Cesar Chavez


With a gentleman I try to be a gentleman and a half, and with a fraud I
try to be a fraud and a half.
		-- Otto von Bismarck


Air pollution is really making us pay through the nose.


Walking on water wasn't built in a day.
		-- Jack Kerouac


You plan things that you do not even
attempt because of your extreme caution.


I never made a mistake in my life.
I thought I did once, but I was wrong.
		-- Lucy Van Pelt


Courage is grace under pressure.


Q:	How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	NONE!  AND THAT'S NOT FUNNY!!

Q:	How many Radcliffe girls does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	It's "Women"...  AND IT'S NOT FUNNY!!


Dammit Jim, I'm an actor not a doctor.


Old age is always fifteen years older than I am.
		-- Bernard Baruch


Of all the words of witch's doom
There's none so bad as which and whom.
The man who kills both which and whom
Will be enshrined in our Who's Whom.
		-- Fletcher Knebel


Hodie natus est radici frater.


	On the other hand, the TCP camp also has a phrase for OSI people.
There are lots of phrases.  My favorite is `nitwit' -- and the rationale
is the Internet philosophy has always been you have extremely bright,
non-partisan researchers look at a topic, do world-class research, do
several competing implementations, have a bake-off, determine what works
best, write it down and make that the standard.
	The OSI view is entirely opposite.  You take written contributions
from a much larger community, you put the contributions in a room of
committee people with, quite honestly, vast political differences and all
with their own political axes to grind, and four years later you get
something out, usually without it ever having been implemented once.
	So the Internet perspective is implement it, make it work well,
then write it down, whereas the OSI perspective is to agree on it, write
it down, circulate it a lot and now we'll see if anyone can implement it
after it's an international standard and every vendor in the world is
committed to it.  One of those processes is backwards, and I don't think
it takes a Lucasian professor of physics at Oxford to figure out which.
		-- Marshall Rose, "The Pied Piper of OSI"


When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever
remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
		-- Sherlock Holmes, "The Sign of Four"


LASER:
	Failed death ray.


Truth is free, but information costs.


I would have promised those terrorists a trip to Disneyland if it would have
gotten the hostages released.  I thank God they were satisfied with the
missiles and we didn't have to go to that extreme.
		-- Oliver North


The Official MBA Handbook on the use of sunlamps:

	Use a sunlamp only on weekends.  That way, if the office wise guy
	remarks on the sudden appearance of your tan, you can fabricate
	some story about a sun-stroked weekend at some island Shangri-La
	like Caneel Bay.  Nothing is more transparent than leaving the
	office at 11:45 on a Tuesday night, only to return an Aztec sun
	god at 8:15 the next morning.


Imagine that Cray computer decides to make a personal computer.  It has
a 150 MHz processor, 200 megabytes of RAM, 1500 megabytes of disk
storage, a screen resolution of 4096 x 4096 pixels, relies entirely on
voice recognition for input, fits in your shirt pocket and costs $300.
What's the first question that the computer community asks?

"Is it PC compatible?"


Love is sentimental measles.


When it is not necessary to make a decision,
it is necessary not to make a decision.


When you're lying on the bed,
And the thought is in your head,
But the feeling is way down between your legs,
Take your problem in your hand,
And beat it to the band,
And try your best to keep it off the walls.

Don't let your lover tell you,
Don't let anybody sell you,
That the joy of masturbation is a crime.
For I've rid myself of fears,
(I've been doing it for years)
And now I have an erection all the time.


One person's error is another person's data.


WE'LL LOOK INTO IT:
	By the time the wheels make a full turn, we
	assume you will have forgotten about it,too.


If you keep anything long enough, you can throw it away.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#6

Bathrooms:
	A man has six items in his bathroom -- a toothbrush, toothpaste,
shaving cream, razor, a bar of Dial soap, and a towel from the Holiday Inn.
The average number of items in the typical woman's bathroom is 437.  A man
would not be able to identify most of these items.

Groceries:
	A woman makes a list of things she needs and then goes to the store
and buys these things.  A man waits 'til the only items left in his fridge
are half a lime and a Blue Ribbon.  Then he goes grocery shopping.  He buys
everything that looks good.  By the time a man reaches the checkout counter,
his cart is packed tighter that the Clampett's car on Beverly Hillbillies.
Of course, this will not stop him from entering the 10-items-or-less lane.


A diplomat is a man who can convince his
wife she'd look stout in a fur coat.


Chorus:
	I don't want to join the army, I don't want to go to war,
	I'd rather sit around, pickin' dillies off the ground,
	And livin' off the favors of an 'igh-born lady.
	I don't want a bullet up me arse 'ole,
	I don't want me pecker blown away,
	I'd rather live in England, in jolly, sunny, England,
	And fornicate me bloody life away!!

Monday I touched her on the ankle,
Tuesday I touched her on the knee,
And Wednesday after Mass, I lifted up her dress,
And Thursday I saw you know what,
Friday I put me 'and upon it,
Saturday she gave me balls a tweak [tweak, tweak]
And Sunday after supper, I ran me fucker up 'er,
And now she pays me forty quid a week!
Oh, blimey...

[chorus]


Without fools there would be no wisdom.


Maybe Computer Science should be in the College of Theology.
		-- R. S. Barton


Not every question deserves an answer.


Well, now that SUN's in bed with AT&T, I sure hope she sleeps with her
back to the wall.
		-- Guy Harris, on AT&T buying 20% of SUN Microsystems

Eat shit and die.  Strong memo to follow.
		-- Mike O'Dell, on AT&T buying 20% of SUN Microsystems


You can bear anything if it isn't your own fault.
		-- Katharine Fullerton Gerould


