Committees have become so important nowadays that subcommittees have to
be appointed to do the work.


I dined with Lord Hughing Fitz-Bluing
Who said, "Do you squirm when you're screwing?"
	I replied, "Simple shagging
	Without any wagging
Is only for screwing canoeing."


FORTUNE TESTS THE GREAT MANAGERS: #9

You are making a sales presentation to a group of corporate executives
in the plushest office you've ever seen.  The enchilada casserole and
egg salad sandwich you had for lunch react, creating severe pressure.
Your sphincter loses control and you break wind, causing the glass
bookcase doors to shatter and a secretary to pass out.  You:

	(a) Offer to come back next week when the smell has gone away.
	(b) Point to the Chief Executive and accuse him of the offense.
	(c) Challenge anyone in the room to do better.


While Europe's eye is fix'd on mighty things,
The fate of empires and the fall of kings;
While quacks of State must each produce his plan,
And even children lisp the Rights of Man;
Amid this mighty fuss just let me mention,
The Rights of Woman merit some attention.
		-- Robert Burns, Address on "The Rights of Woman",
		   November 26, 1792


Someday we'll look back on this moment and plow into a parked car.
		-- Evan Davis


Notes for a ballet, "The Spell": ... Suddenly Sigmund hears the flutter of
wings, and a group of wild swans flies across the moon ... Sigmund is
astounded to see that their leader is part swan and part woman --
unfortunately, divided lengthwise.  She enchants Sigmund, who is careful
not to make any poultry jokes.
		-- Woody Allen


SCORPIO (Oct 23 - Nov 21)
	You are shrewd in business and cannot be trusted.  You will achieve
	the pinnacle of success because of your total lack of ethics.  Most
	Scorpio people are murdered.


It is recounted that at King's College in the Strand around the time of the
war, the Chief of Services would inevitably begin the year's rounds by
teaching "a singularly important principle of medicine."  He asked a nurse
to fetch him a sample of urine.  He then talked at length about Diabetes
mellitus. "Diabetes," he said, "is a greek name; but the Romans noticed that
the bees like the urine of diabetics, so they added the word mellitus which
means sweet as honey.  Well, as you know, you may find sugar in the urine
of a diabetic ..."
	By now the nurse had returned with a sample of urine which the
registrar promptly held up like a trophy.  We stared at that straw-colored
fluid as if we had never seen such a thing before.  The registrar then
startled us.  He dipped a finger boldly into the urine, then licked his
finger with the tip of his tongue.  As if tasting wine, he opened and closed
his lips rapidly.  Could he perhaps detect a faint taste of sugar?  The sample
was passed on to us for an opinion.  We all dipped a finger into the fluid,
all of us foolishly licked that finger.
	"Now," said the Registrar grinning, "You have learnt the first
principle of diagnosis.  I mean the power of observation."  We were baffled.
We stood near the sluice room outside the ward, and in the distance, some
anonymous patient was explosively coughing. "You see," the registrar said
continuing triumphantly, "I dipped my MIDDLE finger into the urine, but
licked my INDEX finger -- not like all you chaps.


Polymer physicists are into chains.


This is lemma 1.1.  We start a new chapter so the numbers all go back
to one.
		-- Prof. Seager, C&O 351


You have to be a bastard to make it, and that's a fact.  And the Beatles
are the biggest bastards on earth.
		-- John Lennon


While not actually a sailor, I certainly enjoy getting blown ashore.


There is a new anti-communist organization that advocates the use of
wooden toilet seats.

It's called the Birch John Society.


My ritual differs slightly.  What I do, first thing [in the morning], is I
hop into the shower stall.  Then I hop right back out, because when I hopped
in I landed barefoot right on top of See Threepio, a little plastic robot
character from "Star Wars" whom my son, Robert, likes to pull the legs off
of while he showers.  Then I hop right back into the stall because our dog,
Earnest, who has been alone in the basement all night building up powerful
dog emotions, has come bounding and quivering into the bathroom and wants
to greet me with 60 or 70 thousand playful nips, any one of which -- bear
in mind that I am naked and, without my contact lenses, essentially blind
-- could result in the kind of injury where you have to learn a whole new
part if you want to sing the "Messiah," if you get my drift.  Then I hop
right back out, because Robert, with that uncanny sixth sense some children
have -- you cannot teach it; they either have it or they don't -- has chosen
exactly that moment to flush one of the toilets.  Perhaps several of them.
		-- Dave Barry


It is when I struggle to be brief that I become obscure.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Science! true daughter of Old Time thou art!
Who alterest all things with thy peering eyes.
Why preyest thou thus upon the poet's heart,
Vulture, whose wings are dull realities?
How should he love thee? or how deem thee wise?
Who wouldst not leave him in his wandering
To seek for treasure in the jewelled skies,
Albeit he soared with an undaunted wing?
Hast thou not dragged Diana from her car?
And driven the Hamadryad from the wood
To seek a shelter in some happier star?
Hast thou not torn the Naiad from her flood,
The Elfin from the green grass, and from me
The summer dream beneath the tamarind tree?
		-- Edgar Allan Poe, "Science, a Sonnet"


Mr. Rockford, this is the Thomas Crown School of Dance and Contemporary
Etiquette.  We aren't going to call again!  Now you want these free
lessons or what?


When ev'rybody's tryin' to sleep,
I'm somewhere makin' my midnight creep.		Chorus:
In the mornin' the rooster crow,	I am a back door man,
Somethin' tells me I got to go.		I am a back door man,
					Well, the men don't know,
They take me to the doctor,		But the little girls understand.
	shot full of holes,
Nurse try to save a soul.
Killed her for murder first degree,
Judge what tried let the man go free.

Stand up, cop's wife cried, don't take him down,
Rather be dead six feet in the ground.
When you come home, you can eat pork and beans,
I eats more chicken than any man's seen.
		-- Willie Dixon, "Backdoor Man" (1961)


One of my favorite jokes, a telling commentary on Jewish mothers' capacity
to lay on guilt, involves the mother who gave her son two neckties on Chanuka.
	"The boy hurried into his bedroom, ripped off the tie he was wearing,
put on one of the ties his mother had brought him, and hurried back.  "Look,
Mama! Isn't it gorgeous?"
	"Mama asked, 'What's the matter?  You don't like the other one?'"
		-- Leo Rosten, "Hooray For Yiddish"


The wages of sin are high but you get your money's worth.


If you're constantly being mistreated,
you're cooperating with the treatment.


A life spent in search of the perfect hash brownie is a life well spent.


TAURUS (Apr. 20 to May 20)
	Let your self-confidence and determination shine, and people will
	find you boorish and headstrong.  Travel, promotion, and romance
	highlighted, if you live long enough.  Don't take any wooden nickels.


Bernard was a young eighty-three, not a gomer, and able to talk.  He'd been
transferred from MBH (Man's Best Hospital), the House's Rival.  Founded in
Colonial times by the WASPs, the insemination of MBH by non-WASPs had taken
place only mid-twentieth century with the token multidextrous Oriental
surgeon, and finally, with the token red-hot internal-medicine Jew.  Yet,
MBH was still Brooks Brothers, while the House was still the Garment District.
For Jews at MBH the password was "Dress British, Think Yiddish."  It was
rare to get a TURF from the MBH to the House, and the Fat Man was curious:
"Bernard, you went to the MBH, they did a great work-up, and you told them,
after they got done, you wanted to be transferred here. Why?"
	"I rilly don't know," said Bernard.
	"Was it the doctors there? The doctors you didn't like?"
	"The doctus?  Nah, the doctus I can't complain."
	"The test or the room?"
	"The tests or the room?  Vell, nah, about them I can't complain."
	"The nurses? The food?" asked Fats, but Bernard shook his head no.
Fats laughed and said, "Listen, Bernie, you went to the MBH, they did this
great workup, and when I asked you shy you came to the House of God, all you
tell me is, 'Nah, I can't complain.'  So why did you come here?  Why, Bernie,
why?"
	"Vhy I come heah?  Vell, said Bernie, "Heah I can complain."
		-- House of God


Speaking of Godzilla and other things that convey horror:

	With a purposeful grimace and a Mongo-like flair
	He throws the spinning disk drives in the air!
	And he picks up a Vax and he throws it back down
	As he wades through the lab making terrible sounds!
	Helpless users with projects due
	Scream "My God!" as he stomps on the tape drives, too!

	Oh, no!  He says Unix runs too slow!  Go, go, DECzilla!
	Oh, yes!  He's gonna bring up VMS!  Go, go, DECzilla!"

* VMS is a trademark of Digital Equipment Corporation
* DECzilla is a trademark of Hollow Chocolate Bunnies of Death, Inc.
		-- Curtis Jackson


We don't really understand it, so we'll give it to the programmers.


A sect or party is an elegant incognito devised to save a man from
the vexation of thinking.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Journals" (1831)


KANSAS:
	Where the men are men and so are the women!


Now I lay me down to study,
I pray the Lord I won't go nutty.
And if I fail to learn this junk,
I pray the Lord that I won't flunk.
But if I do, don't pity me at all,
Just lay my bones in the study hall.
Tell my teacher I've done my best,
Then pile my books upon my chest.


Never kick a man, unless he's down.


Attempting to stop MySQL by buying companies around it is like trying
to kill a dolphin by drinking the ocean.
		-- Marten Mickos


	As we know, there are known knowns.  There are things we know we
know.  We also know there are known unknowns.  That is to say, we know
there are some things we do not know.  But there are also unknown
unknowns; the ones we don't know we don't know.
		-- United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld
		   12 February 2002, Regarding the US invasion of Iraq


Kern, v.:
	1. To pack type together as tightly as the kernels on an ear
	of corn.  2. In parts of Brooklyn and Queens, N.Y., a small,
	metal object used as part of the monetary system.


Out of the crooked timber of humanity no straight thing can ever be made.
		-- Immanuel Kant


BULLWINKLE: "You just leave that to my pal.  He's the brains of the
	    outfit."
GENERAL:    "What does that make YOU?"
BULLWINKLE: "What else?  An executive..."
		-- Jay Ward, "Rocky and Bullwinkle"


The most winning woman I ever knew was hanged for poisoning three little
children for their insurance money.
		-- Sherlock Holmes


Ahead warp factor one, Mr. Sulu.


GURU:
	A person in T-shirt and sandals who took an elevator ride with
	a senior vice-president and is ultimately responsible for the
	phone call you are about to receive from your boss.


The very powerful and the very stupid have one thing in common.
Instead of altering their views to fit the facts, they alter the facts
to fit their views ... which can be very uncomfortable if you happen to
be one of the facts that needs altering.
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who: Face of Evil"


Did you know that if you took all the economists in the world and lined
them up end to end, they'd still point in the wrong direction?


I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
		-- William Allen White


We must!  We must!
We must increase our bust!
The bigger the better!
The tighter the sweater!
And the boys will think more of us!


Life is divided into the horrible and the miserable.
		-- Woody Allen, "Annie Hall"


"My country, right or wrong," is a thing that no patriot would
think of saying except in a desperate case.  It is like saying,
"My mother, drunk or sober."
		-- G. K. Chesterton


To refuse praise is to seek praise twice.


When it is not necessary to make a decision,
it is necessary not to make a decision.


Most of the fear that spoils our life comes from attacking
difficulties before we get to them.
		-- Dr. Frank Crane


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"After three days without programming, life becomes meaningless."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Look, we trade every day out there with hustlers, deal-makers, shysters,
con-men.  That's the way businesses get started.  That's the way this
country was built.
		-- Hubert Allen


Honesty is for the most part less profitable than dishonesty.
		-- Plato


Italic, adj.:
	Slanted to the right to emphasize key phrases.  Unique to
	Western alphabets; in Eastern languages, the same phrases
	are often slanted to the left.


	Sentenced to two years hard labor (for sodomy), Oscar Wilde
stood handcuffed in driving rain waiting for transport to prison.  "If
this is the way Queen Victoria treats her prisoners," he remarked, "she
doesn't deserve to have any."


Nobody ever died from oven crude poisoning.


The volume of paper expands to fill the available briefcases.
		-- Jerry Brown


Heard that the next Space Shuttle is supposed to carry several
Guernsey cows?  It's gonna be the herd shot 'round the world.


But officer, I was only trying to gain enough speed so I could coast
to the nearest gas station.


Furbling, v.:
	Having to wander through a maze of ropes at an airport or bank
	even when you are the only person in line.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Learn to pause -- or nothing worthwhile can catch up to you.


The sun was shining on the sea,
Shining with all his might:
He did his very best to make
The billows smooth and bright --
And this was very odd, because it was
The middle of the night.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


Nothing shortens a journey so pleasantly as an account of misfortunes at
which the hearer is permitted to laugh.
		-- Quentin Crisp


A debugged program is one for which you have
not yet found the conditions that make it fail.
		-- Jerry Ogdin


My soul is crushed, my spirit sore
I do not like me anymore,
I cavil, quarrel, grumble, grouse,
I ponder on the narrow house
I shudder at the thought of men
I'm due to fall in love again.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Enough Rope"


I distrust a close-mouthed man.  He generally picks the wrong time to talk
and says the wrong things.  Talking's something you can't do judiciously,
unless you keep in practice.  Now, sir, we'll talk if you like.  I'll tell
you right out, I'm a man who likes talking to a man who likes to talk.
		-- Sidney Greenstreet, "The Maltese Falcon"


WOLF:
	A man who knows all the ankles.


Leveraging always beats prototyping.


It is dangerous for a national candidate to say things that people might
remember.
		-- Eugene McCarthy


America is the country where you buy a lifetime
supply of aspirin for one dollar, and use it up in two weeks.


Satire is tragedy plus time.
		-- Lenny Bruce


The girl who stoops to conquer usually wears a low-cut dress.


Love is sentimental measles.


Who on earth would eat a charred caterpillar!?
No, no, you SINGE 'em!  You SINGE 'em and eat 'em!


Fain would I climb, yet fear I to fall.
		-- Sir Walter Raleigh


Necrophilia, n.:
	Dead boring.

Incest, n.:
	Relatively boring.


Fast ship?  You mean you've never heard of the Millennium Falcon?
		-- Han Solo


If researchers wrote nursery rhymes...

Little Miss Muffet sat on her gluteal region,
Eating components of soured milk.
On at least one occasion,
	along came an arachnid and sat down beside her,
Or at least in her vicinity,
And caused her to feel an overwhelming, but not paralyzing, fear,
Which motivated the patient to leave the area rather quickly.
		-- Ann Melugin Williams


To doubt everything or to believe everything are two equally
convenient solutions; both dispense with the necessity of reflection.
		-- H. Poincare


This login session: $13.99


Base 8 is just like base 10, if you are missing two fingers.
		-- Tom Lehrer


What if nothing exists and we're all in somebody's dream?
Or what's worse, what if only that fat guy in the third row exists?
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


Some people need a good imaginary cure
for their painful imaginary ailment.


The more data I punch in this card, the lighter it becomes, and the
lower the mailing cost.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


Q:	Why do dogs lick their private parts?
A:	Because they can.


It's useless to try to hold some people to anything they say while they're
madly in love, drunk, or running for office.


Living in LA is like not having a date on Saturday night.
		-- Candice Bergen


The economy depends about as much on economists as the weather does on
weather forecasters.
		-- Jean-Paul Kauffmann


John the Baptist after poisoning a thief,
Looks up at his hero, the Commander-in-Chief,
Saying tell me great leader, but please make it brief
Is there a hole for me to get sick in?
The Commander-in-Chief answers him while chasing a fly,
Saying death to all those who would whimper and cry.
And dropping a barbell he points to the sky,
Saying the sun is not yellow, it's chicken.
		-- Bob Dylan, "Tombstone Blues"


Hark, the Herald Tribune sings,
Advertising wondrous things.
		-- Tom Lehrer


Competitive fury is not always anger.  It is the true missionary's
courage and zeal in facing the possibility that one's best may not
be enough.
		-- Gene Scott


Violence is molding.


	A novice asked the master: "In the east there is a great tree-structure
that men call 'Corporate Headquarters'.  It is bloated out of shape with
vice-presidents and accountants.  It issues a multitude of memos, each saying
'Go, Hence!' or 'Go, Hither!' and nobody knows what is meant.  Every year new
names are put onto the branches, but all to no avail.  How can such an
unnatural entity exist?"
	The master replies: "You perceive this immense structure and are
disturbed that it has no rational purpose.  Can you not take amusement from
its endless gyrations?  Do you not enjoy the untroubled ease of programming
beneath its sheltering branches?  Why are you bothered by its uselessness?"
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


When you dial a wrong number you never get a busy signal.


Are we running light with overbyte?


Q:	What do little WASPs want to be when they grow up?
A:	The very best person they can possibly be.


Fidelity, n.:
	A virtue peculiar to those who are about to be betrayed.


Sum quod eris.


The problem with me is that I am fifty or one hundred years ahead of my
time.  My speed is very fast.  Some ministers have had to drop out of my
government because they could not keep up.
		-- Idi Amin Dada


By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.


HOW TO REMOVE STAINS -- #28
	Semen stains can be removed from computer terminals with
	Fantastik or the like.  Use Windex on the glass however, and
	be sure to turn the power off if you have to clean between
	the keys.


			DELETE A FORTUNE!

Don't some of these fortunes just drive you nuts?!  Wouldn't you like
to see some of them deleted from the system?  You can!  Just mail to
"fortune" with the fortune you hate most, and we MIGHT make sure it
gets expunged.


WE'LL LOOK INTO IT:
	By the time the wheels make a full turn, we
	assume you will have forgotten about it,too.


You need only reflect that one of the best ways to get yourself a
reputation as a dangerous citizen these days is to go about repeating
the very phrases which our founding fathers used in the struggle for
independence.
		-- Charles A. Beard


Space is big.  You just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly
big it is.  I mean, you may think it's a long way down the road to the
drug store, but that's just peanuts to space.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


All my life I wanted to be someone; I guess I should have been more specific.
		-- Jane Wagner


Marigold:		Jealousy
Mint:			Virute
Orange blossom:		Your purity equals your loveliness
Orchid:			Beauty, magnificence
Pansy:			Thoughts
Peach blossom:		I am your captive
Petunia:		Your presence soothes me
Poppy:			Sleep
Rose, any color:	Love
Rose, deep red:		Bashful shame
Rose, single, pink:	Simplicity
Rose, thornless, any:	Early attachment
Rose, white:		I am worthy of you
Rose, yellow:		Decrease of love, rise of jealousy
Rosebud, white:		Girlhood, and a heart ignorant of love
Rosemary:		Remembrance
Sunflower:		Haughtiness
Tulip, red:		Declaration of love
Tulip, yellow:		Hopeless love
Violet, blue:		Faithfulness
Violet, white:		Modesty
Zinnia:			Thoughts of absent friends
	* An upside-down blossom reverses the meaning.


Even nowadays a man can't step up and kill a woman without feeling
just a bit unchivalrous ...
		-- Robert Benchley


My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior
spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive
with our frail and feeble mind.
		-- Albert Einstein


It is impossible to travel faster than light, and
certainly not desirable, as one's hat keeps blowing off.
		-- Woody Allen


Handshaking protocol, n.:
	A process employed by hostile hardware devices to initiate a
	terse but civil dialogue, which, in turn, is characterized by
	occasional misunderstanding, sulking, and name-calling.


Frankfort, Kentucky, makes it against the law to shoot off a
policeman's tie.


Poorman's Rule:
	When you pull a plastic garbage bag from its handy dispenser
	package, you always get hold of the closed end and try to
	pull it open.


Most people can't understand how others can blow their noses differently
than they do.
		-- Turgenev


The thrill is here, but it won't last long
You'd better have your fun before it moves along...


Larkinson's Law:
	All laws are basically false.


Nothing recedes like success.
		-- Walter Winchell


She was only:
	a coal digger's daughter, but she'll always be mine.
	a statistician's daughter, but she knew all the standard deviations.
	a wrestler's daughter, but you should have seen her box.
	a moonshiner's daughter, but I loved her still.
	a chimney sweep's daughter, but she sure knew how to haul ash.
	a fireman's daughter, but her face was a cause for alarm.
	a banker's daughter, but she opened her drawers for cash.


I:
	The best way to make a silk purse from a sow's ear is to begin
	with a silk sow.  The same is true of money.
II:
	If today were half as good as tomorrow is supposed to be, it would
	probably be twice as good as yesterday was.
III:
	There are no lazy veteran lion hunters.
IV:
	If you can afford to advertise, you don't need to.
V:
	One-tenth of the participants produce over one-third of the output.
	Increasing the number of participants merely reduces the average
	output.
		-- Norman Augustine


A failure will not appear until a unit has passed final inspection.


A highly intelligent man should take a primitive woman.  Imagine if on top
of everything else, I had a woman who interfered with my work.
		-- Adolf Hitler


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(27) Soviet leaders were actually left-wing dictators.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


	WARNING TO ALL PERSONNEL:

Firings will continue until morale improves.


