Young men, hear an old man to whom
old men hearkened when he was young.
		-- Augustus Caesar


November, n.:
	The eleventh twelfth of a weariness.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The harder they come, the more important it is to have
an extra-firm mattress.


The Constitution may not be perfect, but it's a lot better
than what we've got!


Rules for Academic Deans:
	(1)  HIDE!!!!
	(2)  If they find you, LIE!!!!
		-- Father Damian C. Fandal


It is said an Eastern monarch once charged his wise men to invent him a
sentence to be ever in view, and which should be true and appropriate
in all times and situations.  They presented him the words: "And this,
too, shall pass away."
		-- Abraham Lincoln


If you lived today as if it were your last, you'd buy up a box of rockets
and fire them all off, wouldn't you?
		-- Garrison Keillor


As an Englishman, an Aussie and a Scotsman are sitting in a pub, quaffing
a few, three flies buzz down from the ceiling and lazily circle each drinker.
Suddenly "buzzzzzzzzplooop", each fly does a kamakazi dive into a different
glass.
	The Englishman take a disgusted look at his pint, dips the fly out
with a spoon, flicks the fly over his shoulder, and drains the glass.
	The Aussie notices the fly as he puts the glass to his lips.  With
a quick puff he blows the bug out in a cloud of foam, and tosses the beer
down in one gulp.
	Then, as they both look on, awestruck, the Scotsman gently grasps the
fly by its wings, lifts it out of his brew and shakes it off.  Then, in a
firm voice he speaks to the fly: "There y'are now laddie, safe and sound.
NOW SPIT IT OOOOT!"


Il brilgue: les t^oves libricilleux
	Se gyrent et frillant dans le guave,
Enm^im'es sont les gougebosquex,
	Et le m^omerade horgrave.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


Now it is such a bizarrely improbable coincidence that anything so mind-
bogglingly useful could have evolved purely by chance that some thinkers
have chosen to see it as a final and clinching proof of the non-existence
of God.  The argument follows:  "I refuse to prove that I exist," says God,
"for proof denies faith, and without faith I am nothing."  "But," says Man,
"the Babel fish is a dead giveaway, isn't it?  It could not have evolved
by chance, thus proving that you exist, therefore by your own arguments,
you don't.  QED."  "Oh, dear," says God, "I hadn't thought of that," and
promptly vanishes in a puff of logic.
		-- Douglas Adams


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #52:

Q:  What is your name?
A:  Ernestine McDowell.
Q:  And what is your marital status?
A:  Fair.


Disco is to music what Etch-A-Sketch is to art.


One of the regular foursome was sick, so a new member named George filled in.
He was good and pleasant company so they asked him to join them again the
following Sunday.
	"9:30 okay?"
	"Fine," George said, "but I may be a few minutes late."
The following Sunday George showed up right on time. Not only that, he played
left-handed and beat them.  They agreed to meet the following Sunday morning.
George was eager to come, but again, mentioned that he might be a few minutes
late.  The next Sunday there was George, punctual to the dot. This time he
played right-handed and beat them again.
	"You on for next Sunday, George?" one of the foursome asked.
	"Sure," George replied, "but I might be a few..."
	Another golfer jumped in. "Wait a minute... You always say you might
be late, but you're always right on time, and you always win, left-handed
*or* right-handed."
	"Well," George replied, rather sheepishly, "that's true, but see, I'm
superstitious.  If my wife is sleeping on her right, when I wake up, I play
right handed.  If she's sleeping on her left side, I play left handed."
	"What if she's lying on her back?"
	George said, "That's when I'm late."


Go out and tell a lie that will make the whole family proud of you.
		-- Cadmus, to Pentheus, in "The Bacchae" by Euripides


Our little systems have their day;
They have their day and cease to be;
They are but broken lights of thee.
		-- Tennyson


Artificial intelligence has the same relation to intelligence as
artificial flowers have to flowers.
		-- David Parnas


I'm not under the alkafluence of inkahol
that some thinkle peep I am.
It's just the drunker I sit here the longer I get.


Did you know that Spiro Agnew is an anagram of "Grow a Penis"?


Hate is like acid.  It can damage the vessel in which it is
stored as well as destroy the object on which it is poured.


	"Darling," she whispered, "will you still love me after we are
married?"
	He considered this for a moment and then replied, "I think so.
I've always been especially fond of married women."


You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.


If you think nobody cares if you're alive,
try missing a couple of car payments.
		-- Earl Wilson


Vital papers will demonstrate their vitality by spontaneously moving
from where you left them to where you can't find them.


Seeing that death, a necessary end,
Will come when it will come.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"


You have a tendency to feel you are superior to most computers.


Navel, n.:
	A place to stash your gum on the way down.


Never trust anybody whose arm is bigger than your leg.


PLUG IT IN!!!


The somewhat old and crusty vicar was taking a well-earned retirement from
his rather old and crusty parish.  As is usual in these cases, a locum was
sent to cover the transition period.  This particular man was young and
active, and had the strange notion that church should also be active and
exciting.  As a consequence he was more than a little disappointed with the
dull and tradition-bound church.  He decided to do something about it.
	For his first Sunday, he didn't wear the traditional robes and
vestments, but lead the service wearing a nice 2-piece suit.  The congregation
was horrified!  He changed the order of the service.  The congregation was
horrified!  Then came the children's lesson.
	For this he came out of the pulpit, and sat on the communion table.
The congregation was mortified!  He sat there swinging his legs against
the table as the children gathered around him.
	He asked the children, "What's small, brown, furry and eats nuts?"
	There was total silence.
	He asked again, "What's small, brown, furry and eats nuts?"
	Total silence.
	Eventually, one timid youngster put up his hand and said, "Please,
sir, I know the answer is Jesus, but it sure sounds like a squirrel to me."


I have that old biological urge,
I have that old irresistible surge,
I'm hungry.


Being ugly isn't illegal.  Yet.


Year, n.:
	A period of three hundred and sixty-five disappointments.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Orcs really aren't so bad (if you use lots of catsup).


QOTD:
	"The baby was so ugly they had to hang a pork chop around its
	neck to get the dog to play with it."


Women waste men's lives and think they have
indemnified them by a few gracious words.
		-- Honore de Balzac


The Official MBA Handbook on doing company business on an airplane:

	Do not work openly on top-secret company cost documents unless
	you have previously ascertained that the passenger next to you
	is blind, a rock musician on mood-ameliorating drugs, or the
	unfortunate possessor of a forty-seventh chromosome.


	"I'm terribly sorry, sir," the novice barber apologized, after
badly nicking a customer.  "Let me wrap your head in a towel."
	"That's all right," said the customer.  "I'll just take it home
under my arm."


And Bezel saideth unto Sham: "Sham," he saideth, "Thou shalt goest
unto the town of Begorrah, and there thou shalt fetcheth unto thine
bosom 35 talents, and also shalt thou fetcheth a like number of cubits,
provideth that they are nice and fresh."
		-- Dave Barry, "Getting Religion"


When Oxygen Tech played Hydrogen U.
The Game had just begun, when Hydrogen scored two fast points
And Oxygen still had none
Then Oxygen scored a single goal
And thus it did remain, At Hydrogen 2 and Oxygen 1
Called because of rain.


You will always get the greatest recognition for the job you least like.


Ink, n.:
	A villainous compound of tannogallate of iron, gum-arabic, and
	water, chiefly used to facilitate the infection of idiocy and
	promote intellectual crime.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


This is a good time to punt work.


You never learned anything by doing it right.


CONSULTANT:
	[From con "to defraud, dupe, swindle," or, possibly, French con
	(vulgar) "a person of little merit" + sult elliptical form of
	"insult."]  A tipster disguised as an oracle, especially one who
	has learned to decamp at high speed in spite of a large briefcase
	and heavy wallet.


Here's something to think about:  How come you never see a headline like
`Psychic Wins Lottery.'
		-- Jay Leno


QOTD:
	"It's been Monday all week today."


A person who has both feet planted firmly in the air can be safely
called a liberal.


The covers of this book are too far apart.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, reviewing a book


I see the eigenvalue in thine eye,
I hear the tender tensor in thy sigh.
Bernoulli would have been content to die
Had he but known such _a-squared cos 2(phi)!
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


Gomme's Laws:
	(1) A backscratcher will always find new itches.
	(2) Time accelerates.
	(3) The weather at home improves as soon as you go away.


Turnaucka's Law:
	The attention span of a computer is only as long as its
	electrical cord.


There's something the technicians need to learn from the artists.
If it isn't aesthetically pleasing, it's probably wrong.


Do unto others before they undo you.


I love you, not only for what you are,
but for what I am when I am with you.
		-- Roy Croft


A lady is one who never shows her underwear unintentionally.
		-- Lillian Day


Some men rob you with a six-gun -- others with a fountain pen.
		-- Woodie Guthrie


I Don't Mind If You Lie to Me, As Long As I Ain't Lyin' Alone
I Wouldn't Take You to a Dog Fight Even If I Thought You Could Win
If You Leave Me, Walk Out Backwards So I'll Think You're Comin' In
Since You Learned to Lip-Sync, I'm At Your Disposal
My John Deere Was Breaking Your Field, While Your Dear John Was
	Breaking My Heart
Don't Cry, Little Darlin', You're Waterin' My Beer
Tennis Must Be Your Racket, 'Cause Love Means Nothin' to You
When You Say You Love Me, You're Full of Prunes, 'Cause Living
	With You Is the Pits
I Wanted Your Hand in Marriage but All I Got Was the Finger
		-- proposed Country-Western song titles from "Wordplay"


Necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom.
It is the argument of tyrants; it is the creed of slaves.
		-- William Pitt, 1783


This hot and dusty cowboy rode in from the mesa, filthy and exhausted.  He
obviously had had nothing but his horse for company for a couple of weeks
and was looking forward to a couple of cold beers in the saloon.  Swinging
off his horse and hitching it to the rail, the cowboy gave his horse an
affectionate slap on the neck.  Then he astonished an old cowhand lounging
on the porch by moving around to the horse's hindquarters, lifting up its
tail and planting a demure kiss on its asshole.
	"What'd you do that for?" asked the cowhand, completely repulsed.
	"Chapped lips," said the cowboy, heading for the saloon doors.
	"Wait a minute," said the old guy.  "Whaddaya mean, chapped lips?"
	"Keeps ya from lickin' 'em," explained the cowboy.


Thus mathematics may be defined as the subject in which we never know
what we are talking about, nor whether what we are saying is true.
		-- Bertrand Russell


Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.


We are all born charming, fresh and spontaneous and must be civilized
before we are fit to participate in society.
		-- Judith Martin, "Miss Manners' Guide to Excruciatingly
		   Correct Behaviour"


The Phone Booth Rule:
	A lone dime always gets the number nearly right.


I've finally learned what "upward compatible" means.
It means we get to keep all our old mistakes.
		-- Dennie van Tassel


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #14
	According to Kentucky state law, every person must take a bath
at least once a year.


What, after all, is a halo?  It's only one more thing to keep clean.
		-- Christopher Fry


Common sense is instinct, and enough of it is genius.
		-- Josh Billings


Old Japanese proverb:
	There are two kinds of fools -- those who never climb Mt. Fuji,
and those who climb it twice.


I have a funny daddy
Who goes in and out with me
And everything that baby does
Daddy's sure to see,
And everything that baby says,
My daddy's sure to tell.
You _m_u_s_t have read my daddy's verse.
I hope he fries in Hell.
		-- Ogden Nash


Those who do things in a noble spirit of
self-sacrifice are to be avoided at all costs.
		-- N. Alexander


If you do not wish a man to do a thing, you had better get him to talk about
it; for the more men talk, the more likely they are to do nothing else.
		-- Carlyle


Why do seagulls live near the sea?
'Cause if they lived near the bay, they'd be called baygulls.


This is a job for BOB VIOLENCE and SCUM, the INCREDIBLY STUPID MUTANT
DOG.
		-- Bob Violence


The problems of business administration in general, and database management in
particular are much too difficult for people that think in IBMese, compounded
with sloppy English.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


Pardon me, sir, but you've obviously
mistaken me for someone who gives a shit.


Cocaine: using tomorrow's energy today.


TACKY:
	Serving grape Kool-Aid at religious functions.


If they think you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical,
go crude.  I'm a very technical boy.  So I get as crude as possible.  These
days, though, you have to be pretty technical before you can even aspire
to crudeness...
		-- Johnny Mnemonic


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #8

	Idaho state law makes it illegal for a man to give his sweetheart
a box of candy weighing less than fifty pounds.


We've got things well in hand.
		-- Master Byte Software, Los Gatos California


Fourth Law of Thermodynamics:  If the probability of success is not
almost one, it is damn near zero.
		-- David Ellis


To thine own self be true.
(If not that, at least make some money.)


The harder they come, the more important it is to have
an extra-firm mattress.


Take a look around you, tell me what you see,
A girl who thinks she's ordinary lookin' she has got the key.
If you can get close enough to look into her eyes
There's something special right behind the bitterness she hides.
	And you're fair game,
	You never know what she'll decide, you're fair game,
	Just relax, enjoy the ride.
Find a way to reach her, make yourself a fool,
But do it with a little class, disregard the rules.
'Cause this one knows the bottom line, couldn't get a date.
The ugly duckling striking back, and she'll decide her fate.
	(chorus)
The ones you never notice are the ones you have to watch.
She's pleasant and she's friendly while she's looking at your crotch.
Try your hand at conversation, gossip is a lie,
And sure enough she'll take you home and make you wanna die.
	(chorus)
		-- Crosby, Stills, Nash, "Fair Game"


Short man who dance with tall woman gets bust in mouth.


You always introduce the younger person to the older person, using the
wording:  "Miss Brown, I'd like to introduce you to an older person"
(unless her name is not "Miss Brown").  If you do not know a person's
age, ask for a driver's license and a major credit card.  If you are
introduced to a member of a minority group, use the "high-five" style
handshake, followed by a remark designed to show you don't mind a bit,
such as "I see you are a (name of a minority group)!  Good!"
		-- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"


Norm:  Gentlemen, start your taps.
		-- Cheers, The Coach's Daughter

Coach: How's life treating you, Norm?
Norm:  Like it caught me in bed with his wife.
		-- Cheers, Any Friend of Diane's

Coach: How's life, Norm?
Norm:  Not for the squeamish, Coach.
		-- Cheers, Friends, Romans, and Accountants


A woman is like your shadow; follow her,
she flies; fly from her, she follows.
		-- Chamfort


Q:	Where's the Lone Ranger take his garbage?
A:	To the dump, to the dump, to the dump dump dump!

Q:	What's the Pink Panther say when he steps on an ant hill?
A:	Dead ant, dead ant, dead ant dead ant dead ant...


His designs were strictly honourable, as the phrase is: that is, to rob
a lady of her fortune by way of marriage.
		-- Henry Fielding, "Tom Jones"


Q:	How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Only one, but it takes a long time, and the light bulb has
	to really want to change.


	The geographical center of Boston is in Roxbury.  Due north of
the center we find the South End.  This is not to be confused with South
Boston which lies directly east from the South End.  North of the South
End is East Boston and southwest of East Boston is the North End.


My mothers are wholly ignorant of the almost universal prevalence of secret
vice, or self-abuse, among the young.  Why hesitate to say firmly and without
quibble that personal abuse lies at the root of much of the feebleness,
paleness, nervousness, and good-for-nothingness of the entire community?
		-- Dr. J.H. Kellogg, "The Ladies Guide", Modern Medicine
		   Publishing Company, 1895.  Dr. Kellogg helped invent
		   corn flakes and peanut butter.  In addition to denouncing
		   masturbation, he believed that smoking caused cancer and
		   that certain ailments could be cured by rolling a
		   cannonball on the stomach.


A lady with one of her ears applied
To an open keyhole heard, inside,
Two female gossips in converse free --
The subject engaging them was she.
"I think", said one, "and my husband thinks
That she's a prying, inquisitive minx!"
As soon as no more of it she could hear
The lady, indignant, removed her ear.
"I will not stay," she said with a pout,
"To hear my character lied about!"
		-- Gopete Sherany


If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail.
		-- Maslow


Laugh, and the world ignores you.  Crying doesn't help either.


The sex was nice, but confusing.  The whole situation kept going di-polar
on Sta-Hi.  One instant Misty would seem like a lovely warm girl who'd
survived a terrible injury, like a lost puppy to be stroked, a lonely
woman to be husbanded.  But then he'd start thinking of the wires behind
her eyes, and he'd be screwing a machine, an inanimate object, a public
toilet.  Just like with any other woman for him, really.
		-- Rudy Rucker, "Software"


The operator's left hand quivered as she gingerly unlatched the
catch to the diskette reader.  Uncontrollably, she reached down,
guiding the sharply pointed diskette into the deep, dark slot.
The floppy diskette nearly folded under the repeated thrusts of
her hand, until finally she could control it no longer, her right
hand instinctively taking an option zero.  And then it all came at
once, thousands upon thousands of data bits flowing from diskette
to disk in a torrent of torrid transfer, as the helpless legs
of the 32 strained to remain on the floor.


Nothing, nothing, nothing, no error, no crime is so absolutely
repugnant to God as everything which is official; and why? because
the official is so impersonal and therefore the deepest insult
which can be offered to a personality.
		-- S. A. Kierkegaard (1813-1855)


People (a group that in my opinion has always attracted an undue amount of
attention) have often been likened to snowflakes.  This analogy is meant to
suggest that each is unique -- no two alike.  This is quite patently not the
case.  People ... are simply a dime a dozen.  And, I hasten to add, their
only similarity to snowflakes resides in their invariable and lamentable
tendency to turn, after a few warm days, to slush.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


A genius is a queer who can whistle while he works.
		-- Bobby Knight


While money can't buy happiness, it certainly
lets you choose your own form of misery.


	"What was the worst thing you've ever done?"
	"I won't tell you that, but I'll tell you the worst thing that
ever happened to me... the most dreadful thing."
		-- Peter Straub, "Ghost Story"


If all these sweet young things were laid end-to-end, I wouldn't be a
bit surprised.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Real computer scientists don't comment their code.  The identifiers are
so long they can't afford the disk space.


The sex act is the funniest thing on the face of this earth.
		-- Diana Rigg


This night methinks is but the daylight sick.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"


HEY, KIDS!  ANN LANDERS SAYS:
	Masturbation isn't as simple as it looks.  Do it right!
Send 50 cents for my illustrated booklet "Masturbation techniques
for the teenager".  Be sure to specify the male or female edition.


Inspiration without perspiration is usually sterile.


Miller's Slogan:
	Lose a few, lose a few.


Twenty Percent of Zero is Better than Nothing.
		-- Walt Kelly


Eat as much as you like -- just don't swallow it.
		-- Harry Secombe's diet


A life lived in fear is a life half lived.


There comes a time in the affairs of a man when he
has to take the bull by the tail and face the situation.
		-- W. C. Fields


Memory should be the starting point of the present.


Sex is what women have and men want.


Bit off more than my mind could chew,
Shower or suicide, what do I do?
		-- Julie Brown, "Will I Make it Through the Eighties?"


Everyone's in a high place when you're on your knees.


C for yourself.


I'm not the person your mother warned you about... her imagination isn't
that good.
		-- Amy Gorin


Another nun joke!!!
	You see, three nuns were walking down the street, when suddenly
this flasher jumped out in front of them and opened his trench coat,
exposing his all to the sisters.  Well, two of the nuns had strokes right
there, but the third nun wouldn't touch it.


If you want your spouse to listen and pay strict attention to every word
you say, talk in your sleep.


Because woman's work is never done and is underpaid or unpaid or boring or
repetitious and we're the first to get the sack and what we look like is
more important than what we do and if we get raped it's our fault and if we
get bashed we must have provoked it and if we raise our voices we're nagging
bitches and if we enjoy sex nymphos and if we don't we're frigid and if we
love women it's because we can't get a "real" man and if we ask our doctor
too many questions we're neurotic and/or pushy and if we expect community
care for children we're selfish and if we stand up for our rights we're
aggressive and "unfeminine" and if we don't we're typical weak females and
if we want to get married we're out to trap a man and if we don't we're
unnatural and because we still can't get an adequate safe contraceptive but
men can walk on the moon and if we can't cope or don't want a pregnancy we're
made to feel guilty about abortion and... for lots and lots of other reasons
we are part of the women's liberation movement.


My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior
spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive
with our frail and feeble mind.
		-- Albert Einstein


CURSOR:
	One whose program will not run.
		-- Robb Russon


Wake up all you citizens, hear your country's call,
Not to arms and violence, But peace for one and all.
Crush out hate and prejudice, fear and greed and sin,
Help bring back her dignity, restore her faith again.

Work hard for a common cause, don't let our country fall.
Make her proud and strong again, democracy for all.
Yes, make our country strong again, keep our flag unfurled.
Make our country well again, respected by the world.

Make her whole and beautiful, work from sun to sun.
Stand tall and labor side by side, because there's so much to be done.
Yes, make her whole and beautiful, united strong and free,
Wake up, all you citizens, It's up to you and me.
		-- Pansy Myers Schroeder


Silly is a state of Mind, Stupid is a way of Life.


Have a nice day!


	"Perhaps he is not honest," Mr. Frostee said inside Cobb's head,
sounding a bit worried.
	"Of course he isn't," Cobb answered. "What we have to look out for
is him calling the cops anyway, or trying to blackmail us for more money."
	"I think you should kill him and eat his brain," Mr. Frostee
said quickly.
	"That's not the answer to *every* problem in interpersonal relations,"
Cobb said, hopping out.
		-- Rudy Rucker, "Software"


While your friend holds you affectionately by both your hands you are
safe, for you can watch both of his.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Hodie natus est radici frater.


Dinosaurs aren't extinct.  They've just learned to hide in the trees.


