Being a woman is a terribly difficult trade,
since it consists principally of dealings with men.
		-- Conrad


Q:	Why do WASPs play golf?
A:	So they can dress like pimps.


Political speeches are like steer horns.  A point
here, a point there, and a lot of bull in between.
		-- Alfred E. Neuman


It is up to us to produce better-quality movies.
		-- Lloyd Kaufman,
		   producer of "Stuff Stephanie in the Incinerator"


	Rosenberg wanted to leave the country.  "And what is *your*
reason?" asks the official at the Passport Office.
	"I am told a pogrom is being prepared.  Against the Jews and
the barbers," replies Rosenberg.
	"Why the barbers?"
	"Everybody asks that question.  That's why I want to leave."


Cheese -- milk's leap toward immortality.
		-- Clifton Fadiman, "Any Number Can Play"


Real programmers don't write in FORTRAN.  FORTRAN is for pipe stress
freaks and crystallography weenies.  FORTRAN is for wimp engineers who
wear white socks.


If you put garbage in a computer nothing comes out but garbage.  But
this garbage, having passed through a very expensive machine, is
somehow ennobled and none dare criticize it.


My family history begins with me, but yours ends with you.
		-- Iphicrates


SPINSTER:
	A bachelor's wife.


The rhino is a homely beast,
For human eyes he's not a feast.
Farewell, farewell, you old rhinoceros,
I'll stare at something less prepoceros.
		-- Ogden Nash


It is impossible to enjoy idling thoroughly
unless one has plenty of work to do.
		-- Jerome Klapka Jerome


People think love is an emotion.  Love is good sense.
		-- Ken Kesey


You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on.
		-- Dean Martin


A man who fishes for marlin in ponds
will put his money in Etruscan bonds.


Manly's Maxim:
	Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion
	with confidence.


San Francisco is my kind of city,
Where the women are strong and the men are pretty.


	The Tao gave birth to machine language.  Machine language gave birth
to the assembler.
	The assembler gave birth to the compiler.  Now there are ten thousand
languages.
	Each language has its purpose, however humble.  Each language
expresses the Yin and Yang of software.  Each language has its place within
the Tao.
	But do not program in COBOL if you can avoid it.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


"Shelter", what a nice name for a place where you polish your cat.


This guy runs into his house and yells to his wife, "Kathy, pack up your
bags!  I just won the California lottery!"
	"Honey!", Kathy exclaims, "Shall I pack for warm weather or cold?"
	"I don't care," responds the husband. "just so long as you're out
of the house by dinner!"


Picking up the pieces of my sweet shattered dream,
I wonder how the old folks are tonight,
Her name was Ann, and I'll be damned if I recall her face,
She left me not knowing what to do.

Carefree Highway, let me slip away on you,
Carefree Highway, you seen better days,
The morning after blues, from my head down to my shoes,
Carefree Highway, let me slip away, slip away, on you...

Turning back the pages to the times I love best,
I wonder if she'll ever do the same,
Now the thing that I call livin' is just bein' satisfied,
With knowing I got noone left to blame.
Carefree Highway, I got to see you, my old flame...

Searching through the fragments of my dream shattered sleep,
I wonder if the years have closed her mind,
I guess it must be wanderlust or tryin' to get free,
From the good old faithful feelin' we once knew.
		-- Gordon Lightfoot, "Carefree Highway"


A political man can have as his aim the realization of freedom,
but he has no means to realize it other than through violence.
		-- Jean-Paul Sartre


Well, Jim, I'm not much of an actor either.


Your responsibility as a parent is not as great as you might imagine.  You
need not supply the world with the next conqueror of disease or major motion
picture star.  If your child simply grows up to be someone who does not use
the word "collectible" as a noun, you can consider yourself an unqualified
success.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


Treaties are like roses and young girls -- they last while they last.
		-- Charles DeGaulle


Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.


Sodd's Second Law:
	Sooner or later, the worst possible set of circumstances is
bound to occur.


An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Hear about...
	the sultan who had ten wives, nine of them had it soft.


That's the most fun I've had without laughing.
		-- Woody Allen, on sex


In every job that must be done, there is an element of fun.
Find the fun and snap!  The job's a game.
And every task you undertake, becomes a piece of cake,
	a lark, a spree; it's very clear to see.
		-- Mary Poppins


QUARK:
	The sound made by a well bred duck.


Operators mount anything!


I waited and waited and when no message came I knew it must be from you.


I was in this prematurely air conditioned supermarket and there were all
these aisles and there were these bathing caps you could buy that had these
kind of Fourth of July plumes on them that were red and yellow and blue and
I wasn't tempted to buy one but I was reminded of the fact that I had been
avoiding the beach.
		-- Lucinda Childs "Einstein On The Beach"


Money can't buy happiness, but it can make you
awfully comfortable while you're being miserable.
		-- C. B. Luce


ELECTRIC JELL-O

2   boxes JELL-O brand gelatin	2 packages Knox brand unflavored gelatin
2   cups fruit (any variety)	2+ cups water
1/2 bottle Everclear brand grain alcohol

Mix JELL-O and Knox gelatin into 2 cups of boiling water.  Stir 'til
	fully dissolved.
Pour hot mixture into a flat pan.  (JELL-O molds won't work.)
Stir in grain alcohol instead of usual cold water.  Remove any congealing
	glops of slime. (Alcohol has an unusual effect on excess JELL-O.)
Pour in fruit to desired taste, and to absorb any excess alcohol.
Mix in some cold water to dilute the alcohol and make it easier to eat for
	the faint of heart.
Refrigerate overnight to allow mixture to fully harden. (About 8-12 hours.)
Cut into squares and enjoy!

WARNING:
	Keep ingredients away from open flame.  Not recommended for
	children under eight years of age.


I can't understand why a person will take a year or two to write a
novel when he can easily buy one for a few dollars.
		-- Fred Allen


Hear about...
	the ultimate in singles bars.  It's a place where girls have
	to show their I.U.D.'s to be admitted?


Every cloud engenders not a storm.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


On Thanksgiving Day all over America, families sit down to dinner at the
same moment -- halftime.


	A ranger was walking through the forest and encountered a hunter
carrying a shotgun and a dead loon.  "What in the world do you think you're
doing?  Don't you know that the loon is on the endangered species list?"
	Instead of answering, the hunter showed the ranger his game bag,
which contained twelve more loons.
	"Why would you shoot loons?", the ranger asked.
	"Well, my family eats them and I sell the plumage."
	"What's so special about a loon?  What does it taste like?"
	"Oh, somewhere between an American Bald Eagle and a Trumpeter Swan."


An idealist is one who helps the other fellow to make a profit.
		-- Henry Ford


Nasrudin walked into a teahouse and declaimed, "The moon is more useful
than the sun."
	"Why?", he was asked.
	"Because at night we need the light more."


A commune is where people join together to share their lack of wealth.
		-- R. Stallman


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(23) Evolution cannot explain creation.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Whatever the missing mass of the universe is, I hope it's not
cockroaches!
		-- Mom


Many companies that have made themselves dependent on [the equipment of a
certain major manufacturer] (and in doing so have sold their soul to the
devil) will collapse under the sheer weight of the unmastered complexity of
their data processing systems.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


For the sores on his prick he used Dial.
That failed; he gave Lava a trial.
	But the one remedy
	For contagious V.D.
Is the wonder drug sulfa-denial.


Love means having to say you're sorry every five minutes.


We thrive on euphemism.  We call multi-megaton bombs "Peace-keepers", closet
size apartments "efficient" and incomprehensible artworks "innovative".  In
fact, "euphemism" has become a euphemism for "bald-faced lie".  And now, here
are the euphemisms so colorfully employed in Personal Ads:

EUPHEMISM			REALITY
-------------------		-------------------------
Excited about life's journey	No concept of reality
Spiritually evolved		Oversensitive
Moody				Manic-depressive
Soulful				Quiet manic-depressive
Poet				Boring manic-depressive
Sultry/Sensual			Easy
Uninhibited			Lacking basic social skills
Unaffected and earthy		Slob and lacking basic social skills
Irreverent			Nasty and lacking basic social skills
Very human			Quasimodo's best friend
Swarthy				Sweaty even when cold or standing still
Spontaneous/Eclectic		Scatterbrained
Flexible			Desperate
Aging child			Self-centered adult
Youthful			Over 40 and trying to deny it
Good sense of humor		Watches a lot of television


He heard the snick of a rifle bolt and found himself peering down the muzzle
of a weapon held by a drunken liquor store owner -- "There's a conflict," he
said, "there's a conflict between land and people... the people have to go..."
		-- Stan Ridgeway, "Call of the West"


A man never minds being in the doghouse
as long as he can get his tail outside.


I have that old biological urge,
I have that old irresistible surge,
I'm hungry.


Ban the bomb.  Save the world for conventional warfare.


Hollerith, v.:
	What thou doest when thy phone is on the fritzeth.


In America, any boy may become president and I suppose that's just one
of the risks he takes.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


Programmers get overlaid.


Q:	Have you ever been picked up by the fuzz?
A:	No, but I bet it hurts like hell.


The Great Movie Posters:

She's got the biggest six-shooters in the West!
		-- The Beautiful Blonde from Bashful Bend (1949)

CAST OF 3,000!
4 WRITERS,
2 DIRECTORS,
3 CAMERAMEN,
3 PRODUCERS!
1 YEAR TO MAKE THIS FILM --
24 YEARS TO REHEARSE --
20 YEARS TO DISTRIBUTE!
	BEAUTIFUL BEYOND WORDS!
	AWE-INSPIRING! VITAL!
THE PRINCE OF PEACE PROVIDES THE ANSWER TO EVERY PROBLEM!
Be Brave-bring your troubles and your family to:
	HISTORY'S MOST SUBLIME EVENT! YOU'LL FIND GOD RIGHT IN THERE!
		-- The Prince of Peace (1948).  Starring members of the
		   Wichita Mountain Pageant featuring Millard Coody as Jesus.


After an evening at the theatre and several nightcaps at an intimate little
bistro, the young man whispered to his date, "How do you feel about making
love to men?"
	"That's MY business," she snapped.
	"Ah," he said.  "A professional."


A total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but abstention,
and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


To laugh at men of sense is the privilege of fools.


Marriage is a romance in which the hero dies in the first chapter.


Everybody needs a little love sometime;
stop hacking and fall in love!


I use not only all the brains I have, but all those I can borrow as well.
		-- Woodrow Wilson


You'll be called to a post requiring
ability in handling groups of people.


This Czech walks into police station in 1968 during the Fraternal Assistance.
Czech:	Hey, out there in the street, a Swiss soldier knocked me down and
	took my Russian watch.
Desk Sergeant:	Come again?
Czech:	Right out there in the street, a Swiss soldier knocked me down and
	took my Russian watch.
DS:	You're confused.  Why would there be a Swiss soldier here?  And who
	would want to own a Russian watch?  It was a Russian soldier who
	knocked you down and took your Swiss watch, right?
Czech:	Well, maybe, but you said it, not me.


He who knows nothing, knows nothing.
But he who knows he knows nothing knows something.
And he who knows someone whose friend's wife's brother knows nothing,
	he knows something.  Or something like that.


Network packets are like buses.  You wait all day, and then 3Com
along at once.


There are people so addicted to exaggeration
that they can't tell the truth without lying.
		-- Josh Billings


When the speaker and he to whom he is speaking do not understand, that is
metaphysics.
		-- Voltaire


Nerd pack, n.:
	Plastic pouch worn in breast pocket to keep pens from soiling
	clothes.  Nerd's position in engineering hierarchy can be
	measured by number of pens, grease pencils, and rulers bristling
	in his pack.


Democracy is the worst form of government except all those other
forms that have been tried from time to time.
		-- Winston Churchill


If you need anything just whistle.
You know how to whistle, don't you, Steve?
Just put your lips together and blow.
		-- Lauren Bacall, "To Have and Have Not"


Of all things man is the measure.
		-- Protagoras


That's one small step for a man; one giant leap for mankind.
		-- Neil Armstrong


Chivalry, Schmivalry!
	Roger the thief has a
	method he uses for
	sneaky attacks:
Folks who are reading are
	Characteristically
	Always Forgetting to
	Guard their own bac ...


Growing old isn't bad when you consider the alternatives.
		-- Maurice Chevalier


I got vision, and the rest of the world wears bifocals.
		-- Butch Cassidy


The Official MBA Handbook on doing company business on an airplane:

	Do not work openly on top-secret company cost documents unless
	you have previously ascertained that the passenger next to you
	is blind, a rock musician on mood-ameliorating drugs, or the
	unfortunate possessor of a forty-seventh chromosome.


Conway's Law:
	In any organization there will always be one person who knows
	what is going on.

	This person must be fired.


And as we stand on the edge of darkness
Let our chant fill the void
That others may know

	In the land of the night
	The ship of the sun
	Is drawn by
	The grateful dead.
		-- Tibetan "Book of the Dead," ca. 4000 BC.


Don't ever slam a door; you might want to go back.


Here's the holiday schedule for Monday's observation of Martin Luther
King, Jr.'s birthday, when the following will be closed:

	* Governmental offices
	* Post offices
	* Libraries
	* Schools
	* Banks
	* Parts of Palm Beach

and the mind of Senator Jesse Helms of North Carolina.
		-- Dennis Miller, "Saturday Night Live"


One of the most overlooked advantages to computers is...  If they do
foul up, there's no law against whacking them around a little.
		-- Joe Martin


	The world's most avid baseball fan (an Aggie) had arrived at the
stadium for the first game of the World Series only to realize he had left
his ticket at home.  Not wanting to miss any of the first inning, he went
to the ticket booth and got in a long line for another seat.  After an hour's
wait he was just a few feet from the booth when a voice called out, "Hey,
Dave!"  The Aggie looked up, stepped out of line and tried to find the owner
of the voice -- with no success.  Then he realized he had lost his place in
line and had to wait all over again.  When the fan finally bought his ticket,
he was thirsty, so he went to buy a drink.  The line at the concession stand
was long, too, but since the game hadn't started he decided to wait.  Just as
he got to the window, a voice called out, "Hey, Dave!"  Again the Aggie tried
to find the voice -- but no luck.  He was very upset as he got back in line
for his drink.  Finally the fan went to his seat, eager for the game to begin.
As he waited for the pitch, he heard the voice calling, "Hey Dave!" once more.
Furious, he stood up and yelled at the top of his lungs, "My name is not
Dave!"


The more I want to get something done, the less I call it work.
		-- Richard Bach, "Illusions"


You will be aided greatly by a person
whom you thought to be unimportant.


BYTE editors are people who separate the wheat from the chaff, and then
carefully print the chaff.


Jesus has just stopped the crowd from stoning Mary Magdalene to death
and is berating the self-pious with the famous speech, "Let the one
among you who is without sin cast the first stone..."
	Right about then, a rock comes winging through the air and hits
Jesus upside the head.  He whirls around and shouts "Alright, Mom, c'mon!
I'm trying to make a point, here!"


There must be at least 500,000,000 rats in the United
States; of course, I never heard the story before.


There's something different about us -- different from people of Europe,
Africa, Asia ... a deep and abiding belief in the Easter Bunny.
		-- G. Gordon Liddy


Wanna buy a duck?


Idleness is the holiday of fools.


Revolution, n.:
	In politics, an abrupt change in the form of misgovernment.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Goodbye, cool world.


You will be awarded a medal for disregarding safety in saving someone.


It's not enough to be Hungarian; you must have talent too.
		-- Alexander Korda


A figure with curves always offers a lot of interesting angles.


While it may be true that a watched pot never boils, the one you don't
keep an eye on can make an awful mess of your stove.
		-- Edward Stevenson


Male, n.:
	Life support system for a cock.


"How many hors d'oeuvres you are allowed to take off a tray being
carried by a waiter at a nice party?"

Two, but there are ways around it, depending on the style of the hors
d'oeuvre.  If they're those little pastry things where you can't tell
what's inside, you take one, bite off about two-thirds of it, then
say:  "This is cheese!  I hate cheese!"  Then you put the rest of it
back on the tray and bite another one and go, "Darn it!  Another
cheese!" and so on.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"


Dear Emily:
	I'm having a serious disagreement with somebody on the net. I
tried complaints to his sysadmin, organizing mail campaigns, called for
his removal from the net and phoning his employer to get him fired.
Everybody laughed at me.  What can I do?
		-- A Concerned Citizen

Dear Concerned:
	Go to the daily papers.  Most modern reporters are top-notch computer
experts who will understand the net, and your problems, perfectly.  They
will print careful, reasoned stories without any errors at all, and surely
represent the situation properly to the public.  The public will also all
act wisely, as they are also fully cognizant of the subtle nature of net
society.
	Papers never sensationalize or distort, so be sure to point out things
like racism and sexism wherever they might exist.  Be sure as well that they
understand that all things on the net, particularly insults, are meant
literally.  Link what transpires on the net to the causes of the Holocaust, if
possible.  If regular papers won't take the story, go to a tabloid paper --
they are always interested in good stories.


Work consists of whatever a body is obliged to do.
Play consists of whatever a body is not obliged to do.
		-- Mark Twain


Economies of scale:
	The notion that bigger is better.  In particular, that if you want
	a certain amount of computer power, it is much better to buy one
	biggie than a bunch of smallies.  Accepted as an article of faith
	by people who love big machines and all that complexity.  Rejected
	as an article of faith by those who love small machines and all
	those limitations.


The young girl was having a heart-to-heart talk with her mother on her
first visit home since starting college.
	"Mom, I have to tell you," the girl confessed.  "I lost my virginity
last weekend."
	"I'm not surprised," said her mother.  "It was bound to happen sooner
or later.  I just hope it was a romantic and pleasurable experience."
	"Well, yes and no," the pretty student remarked.  "The first eight
guys felt great, but after them my pussy got real sore."


I love dogs, but I hate Chihuahuas.  A Chihuahua isn't a dog.
It's a rat with a thyroid problem.


Journalism is literature in a hurry.
		-- Matthew Arnold


Any great truth can -- and eventually will -- be expressed as a cliche --
a cliche is a sure and certain way to dilute an idea.  For instance, my
grandmother used to say, "The black cat is always the last one off the
fence."  I have no idea what she meant, but at one time, it was undoubtedly
true.
		-- Solomon Short


Let me not to the marriage of true minds
Admit impediments.  Love is not love
Which alters when it alteration finds,
Or bends with the remover to remove.
O, no! it is an ever-fixed mark,
That looks on tempests and is never shaken;
It is the star to every wandering bark,
Whose worth's unknown, although his height be taken.
Love's not Time's fool, though rosy lips and cheeks
Within his bending sickle's compass come;
Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks,
But bears it out even to the edge of doom.
    If this be error and upon me proved,
    I never writ, nor no man ever loved.
		-- William Shakespeare, Sonnet CXVI


Q:	Why don't Scotsmen ever have coffee the way they like it?
A:	Well, they like it with two lumps of sugar.  If they drink
	it at home, they only take one, and if they drink it while
	visiting, they always take three.


Brain, v. [as in "to brain"]:
	To rebuke bluntly, but not pointedly; to dispel a source
	of error in an opponent.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Men live for three things, fast cars, fast women and fast food.


The gentlemen looked one another over with microscopic carelessness.


MONOTONY:
	Marriage to one woman at a time.


First Law of Bicycling:
	No matter which way you ride, it's uphill and against the wind.


Matrimony isn't a word, it's a sentence.


Turn on, tune in, and take over.
		-- Tim Leary


Whom computers would destroy, they must first drive insane.


Of all the animals, the boy is the most unmanageable.
		-- Plato


Other than that, Mrs. Lincoln, how did you like the play?


You are in the hall of the mountain king.


I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did.
I said I didn't know.
		-- Mark Twain


If you find for your verse there's no call,
And you can't afford paper at all,
	For the true poet born,
	However forlorn,
There is always the lavat'ry wall.


Vidi, vici, veni.
(I saw, I conquered, I came.)


	So this traveling salesman got an audience with the Pope.
"Hey, father," he said, "have you heard the joke about the two Polacks
who --"
	"My son," the Pope reminded him, "I'm Polish."
	The salesman thought for a moment.  "That's okay, Father," he
said. "I'll tell it very slowly."


	Now, you might ask, "How do I get one of those complete home
tool sets for under $4?"  An excellent question.
	Go to one of those really cheap discount stores where they sell
plastic furniture in colors visible from the planet Neptune and where
they have a food section specializing in cardboard cartons full of
Raisinets and malted milk balls manufactured during the Nixon
administration.  In either the hardware or housewares department,
you'll find an item imported from an obscure Oriental country and
described as "Nine Tools in One", consisting of a little handle with
interchangeable ends representing inscrutable Oriental notions of tools
that Americans might use around the home.  Buy it.
	This is the kind of tool set professionals use.  Not only is it
inexpensive, but it also has a great safety feature not found in the
so-called quality tools sets: The handle will actually break right off
if you accidentally hit yourself or anything else, or expose it to
direct sunlight.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Come fill the cup and in the fire of spring
Your winter garment of repentance fling.
The bird of time has but a little way
To flutter -- and the bird is on the wing.
		-- Omar Khayyam


Hear about...
	the Eskimo girl who spent the night with her boyfriend and
	next morning found she was six months pregnant?


Worst Month of 1981 for Downhill Skiing:
	August.  The lift lines are the shortest, though.
		-- Steve Rubenstein


Said the nun as the bishop withdrew,
"This must be our final adieu,
	For the vicar is slicker,
	And thicker, and quicker,
And two inches longer than you."


The six great gifts of an Irish girl are beauty, soft
voice, sweet speech, wisdom, needlework, and chastity.
		-- Theodore Roosevelt, 1907


Q:	How do you tell if you're making love to a nurse, a schoolteacher,
	or an airline stewardess?
A:	A nurse says: "This won't hurt a bit."
	A schoolteacher says: "We're just going to have to do this over
	and over again until we get it right."
	An airline stewardess says: "Hold this over your mouth and
	nose, and breathe normally."

... and bank tellers say "Substantial penalty for early withdrawal."
... and saleswomen say "Thank you, come again soon!"
... and WASPs say "Do you have that in a bigger size?"
... and piano teachers say "Keep those fingers arched! TEMPO! TEMPO!"


If I had any humility I would be perfect.
		-- Ted Turner


Ninety-Ninety Rule of Project Schedules:
	The first ninety percent of the task takes ninety percent of
	the time, and the last ten percent takes the other ninety percent.


Peeping Tom:
	A window fan.


They are cold-blooded. They are completely ruthless about protecting
what they have. The only thing they connect to is the money aspect of
life.  Let's face it: That's the American way.
		-- Jeffrey M. Johnson, regional chairman of the District
		   of Columbia United Way, speaking of drug dealers.


Q:	How does a girl know she's sleeping with a Computer Scientist?
A:	It isn't hard.


Missionary Position:
	The missionary on top.


Be careful what you set your heart on -- for it will surely be yours.
		-- James Baldwin, "Nobody Knows My Name"


I sent a message to another time,
But as the days unwind -- this I just can't believe,
I sent a message to another plane,
Maybe it's all a game -- but this I just can't conceive.
...
I met someone who looks at lot like you,
She does the things you do, but she is an IBM.
She's only programmed to be very nice,
But she's as cold as ice, whenever I get too near,
She tells me that she likes me very much,
But when I try to touch, she makes it all too clear.
...
I realize that it must seem so strange,
That time has rearranged, but time has the final word,
She knows I think of you, she reads my mind,
She tries to be unkind, she knows nothing of our world.
		-- ELO, "Yours Truly, 2095"


