Q:	What do you call a dog with no legs?
A:	What does it matter?  He can't come anyway.

	[I got a dog with no legs -- I call him Cigarette.
		Every night, I take him out for a drag.  Ed.]


A committee is a life form with six or more legs and no brain.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough For Love"


Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
		-- Theophrastus


Early to rise and early to bed makes
a man healthy and wealthy and dead.
		-- James Thurber


If you love someone, set them free.
If they don't come back, then call them up when you're drunk.


Q:	How do you save a drowning lawyer?
A:	Throw him a rock.


Drop the vase and it will become a Ming of the past.
		-- The Adventurer


A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.


	One PAYDAY, MR. GOODBAR wanted a BIT O' HONEY.  So he took his Miss
HERSHEY behind the POWERHOUSE on the corner of 5th AVENUE and CLARK where he
there began to feel her MOUNDS.  And that was an ALMOND JOY which definitely
made his TOOTSIE ROLL.
	He let out a SNICKER as he slipped his BUTTERFINGER up her KIT KAT
which of course caused the MILKY WAY.  She screamed "OH, HENRY!" as she
squeezed his PETER, PAUL and ZAGNUTS and said "you're better then the 3
MUSKETEERS."
		-- John Volby (Dr. Dirty), "The Candy Bar Poem"


QOTD:
	"Wouldn't it be wonderful if real life supported control-Z?"


Politics -- the gentle art of getting votes from the poor and campaign
funds from the rich by promising to protect each from the other.
		-- Oscar Ameringer


APL hackers take all they want.


You will soon forget this.


The penis mightier than the sword.


Sex hasn't been the same since women started enjoying it.
		-- Lewis Grizzard


Love is the process of my leading you gently back to yourself.
		-- Antoine de Saint-Exupery


A committee is a group that keeps the minutes and loses hours.
		-- Milton Berle


In Pocatello, Idaho, a law passed in 1912 provided that "The carrying
of concealed weapons is forbidden, unless same are exhibited to public
view."


	Driving through a Swiss city one day, Alfred Hitchcock suddenly
pointed out of the car window and said, "That is the most frightening
sight I have ever seen."  His companion was surprised to see nothing
more alarming than a priest in conversation with a little boy, his hand
on the child's shoulder.  "Run, little boy," cried Hitchcock, leaning
out of the car.  "Run for your life!"


One man's "magic" is another man's engineering.
"Supernatural" is a null word.


Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain.
		-- Frank Morgan as The Wizard, "The Wizard of Oz"


Mankind is poised midway between the gods and the beasts.
		-- Plotinus


Every absurdity has a champion who will defend it.


You will reach the highest possible point in your business or profession.


Chicago law prohibits eating in a place that is on fire.


I woke up this morning and discovered that everything in my apartment
had been stolen and replaced with an exact replica.  I told my roommate,
"Isn't this amazing?  Everything in the apartment has been stolen and
replaced with an exact replica."  He said, "Do I know you?"
		-- Steven Wright


A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS:

7. PAY YOUR MEDICAL BILLS PROMPTLY AND WILLINGLY.
	You should consider it a privilege to contribute, however modestly,
	to the well-being of physicians and other humanitarians.

8. DO NOT SUFFER FROM AILMENTS THAT YOU CANNOT AFFORD.
	It is sheer arrogance to contract illnesses that are beyond your means.

9. NEVER REVEAL ANY OF THE SHORTCOMINGS THAT HAVE COME TO LIGHT IN THE COURSE
   OF TREATMENT BY YOUR DOCTOR.
	The patient-doctor relationship is a privileged one, and you have a
	sacred duty to protect him from exposure.

10. NEVER DIE WHILE IN YOUR DOCTOR'S PRESENCE OR UNDER HIS DIRECT CARE.
	This will only cause him needless inconvenience and embarrassment.


A lie is an abomination unto the Lord and a very present help in time of
trouble.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


I'm in Pittsburgh.  Why am I here?
		-- Harold Urey, Nobel Laureate


In the Garden of Eden sat Adam,
Massaging the bust of his madam,
	He chuckled with mirth,
	For he knew that on earth,
There were only two boobs and he had 'em.


When Snow White turns on with the dwarfs she probably winds up feeling Dopey.


Say "twenty-three-skiddoo" to logout.


That's odd.  That's very odd.
Wouldn't you say that's very odd?


Terence, this is stupid stuff:
You eat your victuals fast enough;
There can't be much amiss, 'tis clear,
To see the rate you drink your beer.
But oh, good Lord, the verse you make,
It gives a chap the belly-ache.
The cow, the old cow, she is dead;
It sleeps well the horned head:
We poor lads, 'tis our turn now
To hear such tunes as killed the cow.
Pretty friendship 'tis to rhyme
Your friends to death before their time.
Moping, melancholy mad:
Come, pipe a tune to dance to, lad.
		-- A. E. Housman


	Take the folks at Coca-Cola.  For many years, they were content
to sit back and make the same old carbonated beverage.  It was a good
beverage, no question about it; generations of people had grown up
drinking it and doing the experiment in sixth grade where you put a
nail into a glass of Coke and after a couple of days the nail dissolves
and the teacher says: "Imagine what it does to your TEETH!"  So Coca-Cola
was solidly entrenched in the market, and the management saw no need to
improve ...
		-- Dave Barry, "In Search of Excellence"


Q:	How did the regular expression cross the road?
A:	^.*$


Look, we play the Star Spangled Banner before every game.  You want us
to pay income taxes, too?
		-- Bill Veeck, Chicago White Sox


Every one says that politicians lie all the time, and that just isn't so!
But you do have to understand body language to know when they're lying and
when they aren't.

	When a politician rubs his nose, he isn't lying.
	When a politician tugs on his ear, he isn't lying.
	When a politician scratches his collar bone, he isn't lying.
	When his mouth starts moving, that's when he's lying!


Liar, n.:
	A lawyer with a roving commission.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(22) Morality is not defined by individual choice.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Every absurdity has a champion who will defend it.


Why doesn't everybody leave everybody else the hell alone?
		-- Jimmy Durante


Evolution is as much a fact as the earth turning on its axis and going around
the sun.  At one time this was called the Copernican theory; but, when
evidence for a theory becomes so overwhelming that no informed person can
doubt it, it is customary for scientists to call it a fact.  That all present
life descended from earlier forms, over vast stretches of geologic time, is
as firmly established as Copernican cosmology.  Biologists differ only with
respect to theories about how the process operates.
		-- Martin Gardner, "Irving Kristol and the Facts of Life"


1. Never give anything away for nothing.  2. Never give more than
you have to (always catch the buyer hungry and always make him wait).
3. Always take back everything if you possibly can.
		-- William S. Burroughs, on drug pushing


The fellow sat down at a bar, ordered a drink and asked the bartender if he
wanted to hear a dumb-jock joke.
	"Hey, buddy," the bartender replied, "you see those two guys next to
you?  They used to be with the Chicago Bears.  The two dudes behind you made
the U.S. Olympic wrestling team.  And for you information, I used to play
center at Notre Dame."
	"Forget it," the customer said.  "I don't want to explain it five
times."


Three minutes' thought would suffice to find this out; but thought
is irksome and three minutes is a long time.
		-- A. E. Housman


Fried's 1st Rule:
	Increased automation of clerical function
	invariably results in increased operational costs.


Whenever I see an old lady slip and fall on a wet sidewalk, my first instinct
is to laugh.  But then I think, what if I was an ant, and she fell on me.
Then it wouldn't seem quite so funny.
		-- Jack Handey


QOTD:
	"One day, I'd like to wake up in the morning to find that every
	gay and lesbian has lavender skin.  On that morning, I will be
	-- mauve."


Once Law was sitting on the bench
	And Mercy knelt a-weeping.
"Clear out!" he cried, "disordered wench!
	Nor come before me creeping.
Upon your knees if you appear,
'Tis plain you have no standing here."

Then Justice came.  His Honor cried:
	"YOUR states? -- Devil seize you!"
"Amica curiae," she replied --
	"Friend of the court, so please you."
"Begone!" he shouted -- "There's the door --
I never saw your face before!"
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Tonight's piss is tomorrow's Tang.
		-- An American astronaut


Short man who dance with tall woman gets bust in mouth.


The only function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look
respectable.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


Is a person who blows up banks an econoclast?


It's not the men in my life, but the life in my men that counts.
		-- Mae West


Purpitation, v.:
	To take something off the grocery shelf, decide you
	don't want it, and then put it in another section.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


A soft drink turneth away company.


If you go out of your mind, do it quietly,
so as not to disturb those around you.


I went into a general store ... they wouldn't sell me anything specific.
		-- Steven Wright


You had mail, but the super-user read it, and deleted it!


May you have many handsome and obedient sons.


I don't remember ever having had the itch, and yet scratching is
one of nature's sweet pleasures, and so handy.


A man is playing golf at a very exclusive country club when he hits a hole-
in-one.  As he takes his ball from the cup, a genie appears.
	"Since you've made a hole in one, you may have a single wish.  What
is your heart's desire?"
	"Great!", replies the man.  I want a longer penis."
	"Your wish is granted," says the genie, and promptly disappears.
	As the golfer continues through the rest of the course he can
feel his penis slowly growing, to an extent that it's becoming uncomfortable.
By the time he completes the 18th hole it's extended down his pants leg to
his knee.  Thinking to himself that this isn't quite what he had in mind, he
grabs a bucket of balls and heads back out onto the course.  Three weeks later,
he manages another hole-in-one and the genie reappears.
	"Since you've made a hole in one, you may have a single wish.  What
is your heart's desire?"
	"Yeah, I know all that," replies the man.  "Listen, could you make
my legs longer?"


Kill a commy for your mommy.


An avocado-tone refrigerator would look good on your resume.


	A guy walks into a pub and asks: "Does anyone here own a Doberman?
I feel really bad about this, but my Chihuahua just killed it."
	A man leaps to his feet and replies, "Yes, I do, but how can that
be?  I raised that dog from a pup to be a vicious killer."
	"Yes, well, that's all well and good," replied the first, "but my
dog's stuck in its throat."


Yes, but which self do you want to be?


Many a writer seems to think he is never profound
except when he can't understand his own meaning.
		-- George D. Prentice


Sex and drugs and rock and roll,
Is all my brain and body need.
Sex and drugs and rock and roll,
Are very good indeed.

Take your silly ways,
Throw them out the window,
The wisdom of your ways,
I've been there and I know,
Lots of other ways...
		-- Ian Drury, "New Boots and Panties"


The best laid plans of mice and men are usually about equal.
		-- Blair


	"You say there are two types of people?"
	"Yes, those who separate people into two groups and those that
don't."
	"Wrong.  There are three groups:
		Those who separate people into three groups.
		Those who don't separate people into groups.
		Those who can't decide."
	"Wait a minute, what about people who separate people into
two groups?"
	"Oh.  Okay, then there are four groups."
	"Aren't you then separating people into four groups?"
	"Yeah."
	"So then there's a fifth group, right?"
	"You know, the problem is these idiots who can't make up their
minds."


There are only six Democrats in all of Hinsdale County and you, you son of
a bitch, you ate five of them.
		-- Colorado judge, sentencing Alfred E. Packer for
		   cannibalism in 1874.


To make an enemy, do someone a favor.


One man's theology is another man's belly laugh.


You can lead a whore to Vasser, but you can't make her think.
		-- Frederick B. Artz


Yeah, there are more important things in life than money,
but they won't go out with you if you don't have any.


Two wrongs are only the beginning.
		-- Kohn


Excerpt from a conversation between a customer support person and a
customer working for a well-known military-affiliated research lab:

Support:  "You're not our only customer, you know."
Customer: "But we're one of the few with tactical nuclear weapons."


In Africa some of the native tribes have a custom of beating the ground
with clubs and uttering spine chilling cries.  Anthropologists call
this a form of primitive self-expression.  In America we call it golf.


Long ago I proposed that unsuccessful candidates for the Presidency
be quietly hanged, as a matter of public sanitation and decorum.
The sight of their grief must have a very evil effect upon the young.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "A Carnival of Buncombe"


Think big.
Pollute the Mississippi.


Electrocution, n.:
	Burning at the stake with all the modern improvements.


Carmel, New York, has an ordinance forbidding men to wear coats and
trousers that don't match.


Why do they call it baby-SITTING when all you do is run after them?


Hubbard's Law:
	Don't take life too seriously;
	you won't get out of it alive.


Pile driver, n.:
	Local drink; two parts vodka, one part prune juice.


	"Anything else, sir?" asked the attentive bellhop, trying his best
to make the lady and gentleman comfortable in their penthouse suite in the
posh hotel.
	"No.  No, thank you," replied the gentleman.
	"Anything for your wife, sir?" the bellhop asked.
	"Why, yes, young man," said the gentleman.  "Would you bring me
a postcard?"


Said sneering Mohammed el-Din:
"Only infidel dogs put it in.
	Back home in Arabia
	We nibble the labia
Till the juice dribbles off of our chin."


F:	When into a room I plunge, I
	Sometimes find some VIOLET FUNGI.
	Then I linger, darkly brooding
	On the poison they're exuding.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC


Newton's Little-Known Seventh Law:
	A bird in the hand is safer than one overhead.


To code the impossible code,		This is my quest --
To bring up a virgin machine,		To debug that code,
To pop out of endless recursion,	No matter how hopeless,
To grok what appears on the screen,	No matter the load,
					To write those routines
To right the unrightable bug,		Without question or pause,
To endlessly twiddle and thrash,	To be willing to hack FORTRAN IV
To mount the unmountable magtape,	For a heavenly cause.
To stop the unstoppable crash!		And I know if I'll only be true
					To this glorious quest,
And the queue will be better for this,	That my code will run CUSPy and calm,
That one man, scorned and		When it's put to the test.
	destined to lose,
Still strove with his last allocation
To scrap the unscrappable kludge!
		-- To "The Impossible Dream", from Man of La Mancha


She never liked zippers, she said,
Until she opened one in bed.


Cruickshank's Law of Committees:
	If a committee is allowed to discuss a bad idea long enough, it
	will inevitably decide to implement the idea simply because so
	much work has already been done on it.


The scene: in a vast, painted desert, a cowboy faces his horse.

Cowboy: "Well, you've been a pretty good hoss, I guess.  Hardworkin'.
Not the fastest critter I ever come acrost, but..."

Horse:  "No, stupid, not feed*back*.  I said I wanted a feed*bag*.


Here's to women.  Would that we could fall into her arms without falling
into her hands.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


Words can never express what words can never express.


Look ere ye leap.
		-- John Heywood


Interfere?  Of course we should interfere!  Always do what you're
best at, that's what I say.
		-- "Doctor Who"


Who cares if it doesn't do anything?  It was made with
our new Triple-Iso-Bifurcated-Krypton-Gate-MOS process...


Even God cannot change the past.
		-- Joseph Stalin


The Almighty in His infinite wisdom did not see
fit to create Frenchmen in the image of Englishmen.
		-- Winston Churchill, 1942


God is a polytheist.


I couldn't possibly fail to disagree with you less.


Robustness, adj.:
	Never having to say you're sorry.


Slous' Contention:
	If you do a job too well, you'll get stuck with it.


A man without a woman is like a fish without gills.


Help stamp out Mickey-Mouse computer interfaces -- Menus are for Restaurants!


Two recent emigrants to the United States, on their first day off the boat
in New York City, spied a hotdog vendor.  "Do they eat dogs in America?"
one asked his companion.
	"I don't know."
	"Well, if we're going to live in America, we have to learn to eat
American foods."
	So they each bought a wax paper wrapped hotdog and sat down to eat
them on a nearby park bench.  One man looked inside his wax paper, then over
at the other man, and asked, "So, what part did you get?"


A bore is a man who talks so much about
himself that you can't talk about yourself.


Hear about...
	the swinger who labeled his little black book "Future Shack"?


Dare to be naive.
		-- R. Buckminster Fuller


Murphy's Laws:
	(1) If anything can go wrong, it will.
	(2) Nothing is as easy as it looks.
	(3) Everything takes longer than you think it will.


Drilling for oil is boring.


I called my parents the other night, but I forgot about the time difference.
They're still living in the fifties.
		-- Strange de Jim


We're mortal -- which is to say, we're ignorant, stupid, and sinful --
but those are only handicaps.  Our pride is that nevertheless, now and
then, we do our best.  A few times we succeed.  What more dare we ask for?
		-- Ensign Flandry


The only difference in the game of love over the last few
thousand years is that they've changed trumps from clubs to diamonds.
		-- The Indianapolis Star


I am only one, but I am one.  I cannot do everything, but I can do
something.  And I will not let what I cannot do interfere with what
I can do.
		-- Edward Everett Hale, (1822 - 1909)


To have died once is enough.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)


	"It's a summons."
	"What's a summons?"
	"It means summon's in trouble."
		-- Rocky and Bullwinkle


INTOXICATED:
	When you feel sophisticated without being able to pronounce it.


The annual meeting of the "You Have To Listen To Experience" Club is now in
session.  Our Achievement Awards this year are in the fields of publishing,
advertising and industry.  For best consistent contribution in the field of
publishing our award goes to editor, R. L. K., [...] for his unrivaled alle-
giance without variation to the statement: "Personally I'd love to do it,
we'd ALL love to do it.  But we're not going to do it.  It's not the kind of
book our house knows how to handle."  Our superior performance award in the
field of advertising goes to media executive, E. L. M., [...] for the continu-
ally creative use of the old favorite: "I think what you've got here could be
very exciting.  Why not give it one more try based on the approach I've out-
lined and see if you can come up with something fresh."  Our final award for
courageous holding action in the field of industry goes to supervisor, R. S.,
[...] for her unyielding grip on "I don't care if they fire me, I've been
arguing for a new approach for YEARS but are we SURE that this is the right
time--"  I would like to conclude this meeting with a verse written specially
for our prospectus by our founding president fifty years ago -- and now, as
then, fully expressive of the emotion most close to all our hearts --
	Treat freshness as a youthful quirk,
		And dare not stray to ideas new,
	For if t'were tried they might e'en work
		And for a living what woulds't we do?


[He] took me into his library and showed me his books, of which he had
a complete set.
		-- Ring Lardner


Imagine if every Thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them the
usual way.  This happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody
thinks of complaining.
		-- Jeff Raskin, interviewed in Doctor Dobb's Journal


Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what do you say to a cold one?
Norm:  See you later, Vera, I'll be at Cheers.
		-- Cheers, Norm's Last Hurrah

Sam:	Well, look at you.  You look like the cat that
	swallowed the canary.
Norm:	And I need a beer to wash him down.
		-- Cheers, Norm's Last Hurrah

Woody:  Would you like a beer, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   No, I'd like a dead cat in a glass.
		-- Cheers, Little Carla, Happy at Last, Part 2


You'd best be snoozin', 'cause you don't
be gettin' no work done at 5 a.m. anyway.
		-- From the wall of the Wurster Hall stairwell


It does not matter if you fall down as long as you
pick up something from the floor while you get up.


LOGO for the Dead

LOGO for the Dead lets you continue your computing activities from
"The Other Side."

The package includes a unique telecommunications feature which lets you
turn your TRS-80 into an electronic Ouija board.  Then, using Logo's
graphics capabilities, you can work with a friend or relative on this
side of the Great Beyond to write programs.  The software requires that
your body be hardwired to an analog-to-digital converter, which is then
interfaced to your computer.  A special terminal (very terminal) program
lets you talk with the users through Deadnet, an EBBS (Ectoplasmic
Bulletin Board System).

LOGO for the Dead is available for 10 percent of your estate
from NecroSoft inc., 6502 Charnelhouse Blvd., Cleveland, OH 44101.
		-- '80 Microcomputing


On a paper submitted by a physicist colleague:

This isn't right.  This isn't even wrong.
		-- Wolfgang Pauli


Software production is assumed to be a line function, but it is run
like a staff function."
		-- Paul Licker


The 'A' is for content, the 'minus' is for not typing it.
Don't ever do this to my eyes again.
		-- Professor Ronald Brady, Philosophy, Ramapo State College


If the grass is greener on other side of fence,
consider what may be fertilizing it.


If the code and the comments disagree, then both are probably wrong.
		-- Norm Schryer


Moustache rides, 50 cents.


Quickie, n.:
	A moment's piece.


	People who write position papers often find themselves in an
enviable position.  They are hired to write papers for both sides of the
position.
	A good position paper will have many words in it like
"superincumbence," "egress," and "plurification."
	You will not often find the phrase "lightweight dropcase
limp-wristed motherfucker" in a serious position paper.
	Charts and multiplication tables should always be included in
position papers.  They should look complicated enough to make Albert
Einstein stagger across the room for a Tylenol.
	A good position paper will never underestimate the value of a
semicolon.
		-- Dan Jenkins, "Baja Oklahoma"


Behind every great computer sits a skinny little geek.


Alex Haley was adopted!


Rome wasn't burnt in a day.


If sarcasm were posted on Usenet, would anybody notice?
		-- James Nicoll


	Once there lived a village of creatures along the bottom of a great
crystal river.  Each creature in its own manner clung tightly to the twigs
and rocks of the river bottom, for clinging was their way of life, and
resisting the current what each had learned from birth.  But one creature
said at last, "I trust that the current knows where it is going.  I shall
let go, and let it take me where it will.  Clinging, I shall die of boredom."
	The other creatures laughed and said, "Fool!  Let go, and that current
you worship will throw you tumbled and smashed across the rocks, and you will
die quicker than boredom!"
	But the one heeded them not, and taking a breath did let go, and at
once was tumbled and smashed by the current across the rocks.  Yet, in time,
as the creature refused to cling again, the current lifted him free from the
bottom, and he was bruised and hurt no more.
	And the creatures downstream, to whom he was a stranger, cried, "See
a miracle!  A creature like ourselves, yet he flies!  See the Messiah, come
to save us all!"  And the one carried in the current said, "I am no more
Messiah than you.  The river delight to lift us free, if only we dare let go.
Our true work is this voyage, this adventure.
	But they cried the more, "Saviour!" all the while clinging to the
rocks, making legends of a Saviour.
		-- Richard Bach


Please take note:


Plagiarize, plagiarize,
Let no man's work evade your eyes,
Remember why the good Lord made your eyes,
Don't shade your eyes,
But plagiarize, plagiarize, plagiarize.
Only be sure to call it research.
		-- Tom Lehrer


I want to reach your mind -- where is it currently located?


Your mode of life will be changed to ASCII.


Except for 75% of the women, everyone in the whole world wants to have sex.
		-- Ellyn Mustard


Beauty, n.:
	The power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


No doubt Jack the Ripper excused himself
on the grounds that it was human nature.


Confess your sins to the Lord and you will be forgiven;
confess them to man and you will be laughed at.
		-- Josh Billings


