DISCLAIMER:
Use of this advanced computing technology does not imply
an endorsement of Western industrial civilization.


The Great Movie Posters:

SHE TOOK ON A WHOLE GANG! A howling hellcat humping a hot steel hog
on a roaring rampage of revenge!
		-- Bury Me an Angel (1972)

WHAT'S THE SECRET INGREDIENT USED BY THE MAD BUTCHER FOR HIS SUPERB
SAUSAGES?
		-- Meat is Meat (1972)

TODAY the Pond!
TOMORROW the World!
		-- Frogs (1972)


IBM:
	[International Business Machines Corp.]  Also known as Itty Bitty
	Machines or The Lawyer's Friend.  The dominant force in computer
	marketing, having supplied worldwide some 75% of all known hardware
	and 10% of all software.  To protect itself from the litigious envy
	of less successful organizations, such as the US government, IBM
	employs 68% of all known ex-Attorneys' General.


You can't make a program without broken egos.


	Fred noticed his roommate had a black eye upon returning from a dance.
"What happened?"
	"I was struck by the beauty of the place."


Cleveland still lives.  God _m_u_s_t be dead.


A hundred years from now it is very likely that [of Twain's works] "The
Jumping Frog" alone will be remembered.
		-- Harry Thurston Peck (Editor of "The Bookman"), January 1901


Make war not sex.  (It's safer.)


Clay's Conclusion:
	Creativity is great, but plagiarism is faster.


Oh John, let's not park here.
Oh John, let's not park.
Oh John, let's not.
Oh John, let's.
Oh John.
Oh.


When the shit hits the fan, keep your mouth shut!


The nervous young bride became irritated by her husband's lusty advances on
their wedding night and reprimanded him severely.
	"I demand proper manners in bed," she declared, "just as I do at
the dinner table."
	Amused by his wife's formality, the groom smoothed his rumpled hair
and climbed quietly between the sheets.  "Is that better?" he asked, with a
hint of a smile.
	"Yes," replied the girl, "much better."
	"Very good, darling," the husband whispered.  "Now would you
be so kind as to please pass the pussy?"


You have all the characteristics of a popular politician:
a horrible voice, bad breeding, and a vulgar manner.
		-- Aristophanes


Be prepared to accept sacrifices.
Vestal virgins aren't all that bad.


The computer industry is journalists in their 20's standing in awe of
entrepreneurs in their 30's who are hiring salesmen in their 40's and
50's and paying them in the 60's and 70's to bring their marketing into
the 80's.
		-- Marty Winston


Everyone is more or less mad on one point.
		-- Rudyard Kipling


Mind your own business, then you don't mind mine.


Q:	Why should you always serve a Southern Carolina football man
	soup in a plate?
A:	'Cause if you give him a bowl, he'll throw it away.


Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after.


When the usher noticed a man stretched across three seats in a movie theatre,
he walked over and whispered, "I'm sorry, sir, but you're allowed only a single
seat." The man moaned, but did not budge.  "Sir," the user said more loudly,
"if you don't move, I'll have to call a manager."  The man moaned again but
stayed where he was. The usher left, and returned with the manager, who, after
several more attempts at dislodging the fellow, called the police.
	The cop took a look at the reclining man and said, "All right, boyo,
what's your name?"
	"Samuel," he mumbled.
	"And where're you from, Sam?"
	"The balcony."


This login session: $13.99


Once, I read that a man be never stronger
than when he truly realizes how weak he is.
		-- Jim Starlin, "Captain Marvel #31"


Matrimony is the root of all evil.


Pete:	Waiter, this meat is bad.
Waiter:	Who told you?
Pete:	A little swallow.


Once you've got them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow.


The more cordial the buyers secretary, the greater
the odds that the competition already has the order.


He keeps differentiating, flying off on a tangent.


Female rabbits:
	The gift that just "keeps on giving."


However, on religious issues there can be little or no compromise.  There
is no position on which people are so immovable as their religious beliefs.
There is no more powerful ally one can claim in a debate than Jesus Christ,
or God, or Allah, or whatever one calls this supreme being.  But like any
powerful weapon, the use of God's name on one's behalf should be used
sparingly.  The religious factions that are growing throughout our land are
not using their religious clout with wisdom.  They are trying to force
government leaders into following their position 100 percent.  If you disagree
with these religious groups on a particular moral issue, they complain, they
threaten you with a loss of money or votes or both.  I'm frankly sick and
tired of the political preachers across this country telling me as a citizen
that if I want to be a moral person, I must believe in "A," "B," "C," and
"D."  Just who do they think they are?  And from where do they presume to
claim the right to dictate their moral beliefs to me?  And I am even more
angry as a legislator who must endure the threats of every religious group
who thinks it has some God-granted right to control my vote on every roll
call in the Senate.  I am warning them today:  I will fight them every step
of the way if they try to dictate their moral convictions to all Americans
in the name of "conservatism."
		-- Senator Barry Goldwater, Congressional Record


Dustin Farnum:	Why, yesterday, I had the audience glued to their seats!
Oliver Herford:	Wonderful!  Wonderful!  Clever of you to think of it!
		-- Brian Herbert, "Classic Comebacks"


The IBM 2250 is impressive ...
if you compare it with a system selling for a tenth its price.
		-- D. Cohen


PLUNDERER'S THEME
	(to Supercalifragilisticexpialidocius)

Pillage, rape, and loot and burn, but all in moderation.
If you do the things we say, then you'll soon rule the nation.
Kill your foes and enemies and then kill your relations.
Pillage, rape, and loot and burn, but all in moderation.


A woman did what a woman had to, the best way she knew how.
To do more was impossible, to do less, unthinkable.
		-- Dirisha, "The Man Who Never Missed"


A sweet young schoolteacher who had always been virtuous was invited to go
for a ride in the country with the gym instructor, whom she admired.  Under
a tree on the bank of a quiet lake, she struggled with her conscience and
with the gym instructor and finally gave in to the latter.  Sobbing
uncontrollably she asked her seducer,
	"How can I ever face my students again, knowing I have sinned twice?"
	"Twice?" asked the young man, confused.
	"Why, yes," said the sweet teacher, wiping a tear from her eye.
"You're going to do it again, aren't you?"


Don't tell me that worry doesn't do any good.
I know better. The things I worry about don't happen.
		-- Watchman Examiner


"Deep" is a word like "theory" or "semantic" -- it implies all sorts of
marvelous things.  It's one thing to be able to say "I've got a theory",
quite another to say "I've got a semantic theory", but, ah, those who can
claim "I've got a deep semantic theory", they are truly blessed.
		-- Randy Davis


QOTD:
	"I used to go to UCLA, but then my Dad got a job."


If you didn't have most of your friends,
you wouldn't have most of your problems.


There are many people today who literally do not have a close personal
friend.  They may know something that we don't.  They are probably
avoiding a great deal of pain.


The sex was nice, but confusing.  The whole situation kept going di-polar
on Sta-Hi.  One instant Misty would seem like a lovely warm girl who'd
survived a terrible injury, like a lost puppy to be stroked, a lonely
woman to be husbanded.  But then he'd start thinking of the wires behind
her eyes, and he'd be screwing a machine, an inanimate object, a public
toilet.  Just like with any other woman for him, really.
		-- Rudy Rucker, "Software"


If anyone wants to trade a couple of centrally located, well-cushioned
showgirls for an eroded slope 90 minutes from Broadway, I'll be on this
corner tomorrow at 11 with my tongue hanging out.
		-- S. J. Perelman


A celebrity is a person who is known for his well-knownness.


The future isn't what it used to be.  (It never was.)


Sometimes it happens.  People just explode.  Natural causes.
		-- Repo Man


In a recent survey on why some men are homosexual, 82 percent of the gay
chaps responding said that either genetics or home environment was the
principal factor.  The remaining 18 percent revealed that they had been
sucked into it.


There are two times when a man doesn't understand a woman -- before
marriage and after marriage.


Bi, n.:
	When *everybody* thinks you're a pervert.


He hadn't a single redeeming vice.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Q:	What's hard going in and soft and sticky coming out?
A:	Chewing gum.


Accept people for what they are -- completely unacceptable.


Beauty is one of the rare things which does not lead to doubt of God.
		-- Jean Anouilh


How to Raise Your I.Q. by Eating Gifted Children
		-- Book title by Lewis B. Frumkes


Hear that...
	the Pope's next pronouncement on birth control is to be titled
	"Paul's Epistle to the Fallopians"?


The fact that an opinion has been widely held is no evidence that it is not
utterly absurd; indeed, in view of the silliness of the majority of mankind,
a widespread belief is more often likely to be foolish than sensible.
		-- Bertrand Russell, in "Marriage and Morals", 1929


Can you buy friendship?  You not only can, you must.  It's the
only way to obtain friends.  Everything worthwhile has a price.
		-- Robert J. Ringer


He who is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.


If clear thinking created sparks, we could safely store dynamite in
James Watt's office.
		-- Wayne Shannon, KRON-TV


[Norm comes in with an attractive woman.]

Coach:  Normie, Normie, could this be Vera?
Norm:   With a lot of expensive surgery, maybe.
		-- Cheers, Norman's Conquest

Coach:  What's up, Normie?
Norm:   The temperature under my collar, Coach.
		-- Cheers, I'll Be Seeing You (Part 2)

Coach:  What would you say to a nice beer, Normie?
Norm:   Going down?
		-- Cheers, Diane Meets Mom


egrep -n '^[a-z].*\(' $ | sort -t':' +2.0


A tall, dark stranger will have more fun than you.


Keep up the good work!  But please don't ask me to help.


Ray's Rule of Precision:
	Measure with a micrometer.  Mark with chalk.  Cut with an axe.


Women are wiser than men because they know less and understand more.
		-- Stephens


	An architect's first work is apt to be spare and clean.  He knows
he doesn't know what he's doing, so he does it carefully and with great
restraint.
	As he designs the first work, frill after frill and embellishment
after embellishment occur to him.  These get stored away to be used "next
time".  Sooner or later the first system is finished, and the architect,
with firm confidence and a demonstrated mastery of that class of systems,
is ready to build a second system.
	This second is the most dangerous system a man ever designs.  When
he does his third and later ones, his prior experiences will confirm each
other as to the general characteristics of such systems, and their differences
will identify those parts of his experience that are particular and not
generalizable.
	The general tendency is to over-design the second system, using all
the ideas and frills that were cautiously sidetracked on the first one.
The result, as Ovid says, is a "big pile".
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


A witty saying proves nothing.
		-- Voltaire


No Marxist can deny that the interests of socialism are higher
than the interests of the right of nations to self-determination.
		-- Lenin, 1918


The kind of danger people most enjoy is
the kind they can watch from a safe place.


A Puritan is someone who is deathly afraid that someone, somewhere, is
having fun.


She always believed in the old adage -- leave them while you're looking
good.
		-- Anita Loos, "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes"


Every love's the love before
In a duller dress.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Summary"


If life's a piece of shit, Calculus III is the spoon.


Major Premise: Sixty men can do a piece of work sixty times as quickly
	as one man.

Minor Premise: One man can dig a posthole in sixty seconds.

Conclusion: Sixty men can dig a posthole in one second.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


		Double Bucky
	(Sung to the tune of "Rubber Duckie")

Double bucky, you're the one!
You make my keyboard lots of fun
	Double bucky, an additional bit or two:
(Vo-vo-de-o!)
Control and Meta side by side,
Augmented ASCII, nine bits wide!
	Double bucky, a half a thousand glyphs, plus a few!

Double bucky, left and right
OR'd together, outta sight!
	Double bucky, I'd like a whole word of
	Double bucky, I'm happy I heard of
	Double bucky, I'd like a whole word of you!
		-- Guy L. Steele, Jr., (C) 1978
		(to Nicholas Wirth, who suggested that an extra bit
		be added to terminal codes on 36-bit machines for use
		by screen editors.)


Life is wasted on the living.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the Edge of the Universe"


While your friend holds you affectionately by both your hands you are
safe, for you can watch both of his.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Bushydo -- the way of the shrub.  Bonsai!


Three gay guys were discussing what they thought their favorite sport would
be.  The first decides on football, 'cause of all those gorgeous guys bending
over in their tight pants.
	"Definitely wrestling," sighs the second guy.  "Those skimpy little
costumes, and think of the holds."
	"Definitely baseball," says the third guy.  "Why?  Well, I'd be
pitching with the bases loaded, the batter would hit a savage one-hopper
right to me, I'd catch it, and I'd just stand there while the other guys
rounded the bases.  Meanwhile, the crowd would be going crazy, screaming,
`Throw the ball, you cocksucker!' and that's what I like -- recognition!"


Look ere ye leap.
		-- John Heywood


Needs are a function of what other people have.


The Hollywood tradition I like best is called "sucking up to the stars."
		-- Johnny Carson


Oreo


Support the American Kidney Foundation.
Don't wear your motorcycle helmet.


Immortality -- a fate worse than death.
		-- Edgar A. Shoaff


To understand a program you must become both the machine and the program.


The kind of danger people most enjoy is
the kind they can watch from a safe place.


QOTD:
	"If I'm what I eat, I'm a chocolate chip cookie."


Ladies and Gentlemen, Hobos and Tramps,
Cross-eyed mosquitos and bowlegged ants,
I come before you to stand behind you
To tell you of something I know nothing about.
Next Thursday (which is good Friday),
There will be a convention held in the
Women's Club which is strictly for Men.
Admission is free, pay at the door,
Pull up a chair, and sit on the floor.
It was a summer's day in winter,
And the snow was raining fast,
As a barefoot boy with shoes on,
Stood sitting in the grass.
Oh, that bright day in the dead of night,
Two dead men got up to fight.
Three blind men to see fair play,
Forty mutes to yell "Hooray"!
Back to back, they faced each other,
Drew their swords and shot each other.
A deaf policeman heard the noise,
Came and arrested those two dead boys.


The ecumenical movement has reached a milestone with the agreement on the
text of the first Jewish-Catholic prayer -- one that begins "Oy vay, Maria".


I'm glad that I'm an American,
I'm glad that I am free,
But I wish I were a little doggy,
And McGovern were a tree.


Help!  I'm trapped in a Chinese computer factory!


Coitus upon a cadaver
Is the ultimate way you can have 'er.
	Her inanimate state
	Means a man needn't wait,
And eliminates all the palaver.


IBM had a PL/I,
Its syntax worse than JOSS;
And everywhere this language went,
It was a total loss.


In the stairway of life, you'd best take the elevator.


Sight is a faculty; seeing is an art.


You never get a second chance to make a first impression.


Cutler Webster's Law:
	There are two sides to every argument, unless a person
	is personally involved, in which case there is only one.


Turn on, tune in, and take over.
		-- Tim Leary


Everybody needs a little love sometime;
stop hacking and fall in love!


"What is the Nature of God?"

    CLICK...CLICK...WHIRRR...CLICK...=BEEP!=
    1 QT. SOUR CREAM
    1 TSP. SAUERKRAUT
    1/2 CUT CHIVES.
    STIR AND SPRINKLE WITH BACON BITS.

"I've just GOT to start labeling my software..."
		-- Bloom County


He didn't run for reelection.  "Politics brings you into contact with all
the people you'd give anything to avoid," he said. "I'm staying home."
		-- Garrison Keillor, "Lake Wobegon Days"


The good thing about masturbation is that you don't have to dress up for it.
		-- Truman Capote


What luck for the rulers that men do not think.
		-- Adolf Hitler


Life is like a shit sandwich.  The more bread
you have, the less shit you have to eat.


A journey of a thousand miles starts under one's feet.
		-- Lao Tsu


We have no scorched earth policy.
We have a policy of scorched Communists.
		-- General Efrain Rios Montt, President of Guatemala, 1982


You have literary talent that you should take pains to develop.


Egotist, n.:
	A person of low taste, more interested in himself than me.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


LOVE:
	When you don't want someone too close--
	because you're very sensitive to pleasure.


Please forgive me if, in the heat of battle,
I sometimes forget which side I'm on.


It is better for civilization to be going down the drain than to be
coming up it.
		-- Henry Allen


An adequate bootstrap is a contradiction in terms.


Callgirl, n.:
	A negotiable blond.


Save energy: be apathetic.


You are as I am with You.


When you don't know what to do, walk fast and look worried.


Of all men's miseries, the bitterest is this:
to know so much and have control over nothing.
		-- Herodotus


Neutrinos are into physicists.


I never trust a man unless I've got his pecker in my pocket.
		-- Lyndon B. Johnson

I've got Hubert's pecker in my pocket.
		-- Lyndon B. Johnson


You can always tell the Christmas season is here when you start getting
incredibly dense, tinfoil-and-ribbon- wrapped lumps in the mail.
Fruitcakes make ideal gifts because the Postal Service has been unable
to find a way to damage them.  They last forever, largely because
nobody ever eats them.  In fact, many smart people save the fruitcakes
they receive and send them back to the original givers the next year;
some fruitcakes have been passed back and forth for hundreds of years.

The easiest way to make a fruitcake is to buy a darkish cake, then
pound some old, hard fruit into it with a mallet.  Be sure to wear
safety glasses.
		-- Dave Barry, "Simple, Homespun Gifts"


I came out of twelve years of college and I didn't even know how to sew.
All I could do was account -- I couldn't even account for myself.
		-- The Firesign Theatre


I'm a lucky guy, and I'm happy to be with the Yankees.  And I want to
thank everyone for making this night necessary.
		-- Yogi Berra at a dinner in his honor


Angels we have heard on High
Tell us to go out and Buy.
		-- Tom Lehrer


Never have so many understood so little about so much.
		-- James Burke


A mathematician is a machine for converting coffee into theorems.


Nuclear war would mean abolition of most comforts, and disruption of
normal routines, for children and adults alike.
		-- Willard F. Libby, "You Can Survive Atomic Attack"


The reason that every major university maintains a department of
mathematics is that it's cheaper than institutionalizing all those
people.


The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


The system will be down for 10 days for preventative maintenance.


Little girls, like butterflies, need no excuse.
		-- Lazarus Long


Someday somebody has got to decide whether the
typewriter is the machine, or the person who operates it.


Life would be so much easier if we could just look at the source code.
		-- Dave Olson


How apt the poor are to be proud.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Twelfth-Night"


Fortune presents:
	USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #5.

Mi ^cevalovipus vin se mi havus		I'd horsewhip you if I had a horse.
	^cevalon.
Vere vi ^sercas.			You must be kidding.
Nu, parDOOOOOnu min!			Well exCUUUUUSE me!
Kiu invitis vin?			Who invited you?
Kion vi diris pri mia patrino?		What did you say about my mother?
Bu^so^stopu min per kulero.		Gag me with a spoon.


How come everyone's going so slow if it's called rush hour?


I'm willing to sacrifice anything for this cause, even other people's
lives.


	Well, this woman went to the butcher shop to get some ham for dinner.
She asked the butcher what kind of ham he recommended, and the butcher said,
"Well ma'am, we got some Damn ham here for $3.50 a pound..."  Needless to
say, she was surprised at the butcher's language!  The butcher, who was
reasonably astute, noticed the alarmed look on the woman's face, and quickly
justified himself.  "No, no, ma'am, I wasn't cursin', the NAME of this here
ham is "Damn ham".  Amused, the woman requested some "Damn ham."
	That night, before dinner, the woman took her husband aside and
explained what had happened at the butcher shop.  He also was amused, and
suggested that they play a joke on their son.  So, at dinner, after grace,
the man turned to his wife and said, "Honey, pass the damn ham."
	Their son looked up, surprised.  "WHOAH!  Dad be gettin' hip!
How 'bout them mother-fuckin' potatoes?"


COMPUTER SCIENCE:
	1) A study akin to numerology and astrology, but lacking the
	   precision of the former and the success of the latter.
	2) The protracted value analysis of algorithms.
	3) The costly enumeration of the obvious.
	4) The boring art of coping with a large number of trivialities.
	5) Tautology harnessed in the service of Man at the speed of light.
	6) The Post-Turing decline in formal systems theory.


Love means never having to say you're sorry.
		-- Eric Segal, "Love Story"

That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard.
		-- Ryan O'Neill, "What's Up Doc?"


Nostalgia is living life in the past lane.


You can get *anywhere* in ten minutes if you drive fast enough.


It is true that if your paperboy throws your paper into the bushes for five
straight days it can be explained by Newton's Law of Gravity.  But it takes
Murphy's law to explain why it is happening to you.


With reasonable men I will reason;
with humane men I will plead;
but to tyrants I will give no quarter.
		-- William Lloyd Garrison


If they think you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical,
go crude.  I'm a very technical boy.  So I get as crude as possible.  These
days, though, you have to be pretty technical before you can even aspire
to crudeness...
		-- Johnny Mnemonic


The closest to perfection a person ever comes
is when he fills out a job application form.
		-- Stanley J. Randall


Little Known Facts, #23:
	Did you know... that if you dial 911 in Los Angeles you get
	the BMW repair garage?


Juall's Law on Nice Guys:
	Nice guys don't always finish last; sometimes they don't finish.
	Sometimes they don't even get a chance to start!


Hatred, n.:
	A sentiment appropriate to the occasion of another's
	superiority.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Beggar to well-dressed businessman:
	"Could you spare $20.95 for a fifth of Chivas?"


