Detroit is Cleveland without the glitter.


Misfortunes arrive on wings and leave on foot.


Machine-independent program:
	A program that will not run on any machine.


Like all young men, you greatly exaggerate
the difference between one young woman and another.
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "Major Barbara"


Confession is good for the soul only in the sense
that a tweed coat is good for dandruff.
		-- Peter de Vries


Kramer's Law:
	You can never tell which way the train went by looking at the tracks.


A bird in the hand makes it awfully hard to blow your nose.


An elderly couple were flying to their Caribbean hideaway on a chartered plane
when a terrible storm forced them to land on an uninhabited island.  When
several days passed without rescue, the couple and their pilot sank into a
despondent silence. Finally, the woman asked her husband if he had made his
usual pledge to the United Way Campaign.
	"We're running out of food and water and you ask *that*?" her husband
barked.  "If you really need to know, I not only pledged a half million but
I've already paid them half of it."
	"You owe the U.W.C. a *quarter million*?" the woman exclaimed
euphorically.  "Don't worry, Harry, they'll find us!  They'll find us!"


Give a man a free hand and he'll run it all over you.
		-- Mae West


Education is what survives when what has been learnt has been forgotten.
		-- B. F. Skinner


Power, like a desolating pestilence,
Pollutes whate'er it touches...
		-- Percy Bysshe Shelley


Progress means replacing a theory that
is wrong with one more subtly wrong.


Groundhog Day has been observed only once in Los Angeles because when the
groundhog came out of its hole, it was killed by a mudslide.
		-- Johnny Carson


It's raisins that make Post Raisin Bran so raisiny ...


Have an adequate day.


Where am I?  Who am I?  Am I?  I


Beam me up, Scotty!  It ate my phaser!


Christmas comes but once a year,
A time for love and laughter;
You can come much more than that,
But you have to clean up after.


You know my heart keeps tellin' me,
You're not a kid at thirty-three,
You play around you lose your wife,
You play too long, you lose your life.
Some gotta win, some gotta lose,
Goodtime Charlie's got the blues.


A bachelor is a selfish, undeserving guy
who has cheated some woman out of a divorce.
		-- Don Quinn


Meester, do you vant to buy a duck?


On one hot dusty day in 1860, a lone Mexican bandit crossed the border into
Texas.  After robbing a small bank and shooting up the town, he led the posse
on a merry chase through the desert.  On the sixth day of the chase he was
apprehended.
	Sheriff-to-interpreter:	"Ask him where the money is."
	Interpreter-to-bandit:	"He wants to know where you hid the money."
	Bandit-to-interpreter:	"I'll never tell, never!"
	Interpreter-to-sheriff:	"He says he'll never tell, senor."
At this point, the sheriff loses his cool.  His town has been shot up, his
bank robbed, he's spent a week in the desert tracking this guy, and now he
says he'll never tell.  So he takes his pistol, jams it under the bandits'
chin, and, with the veins standing out on his neck, screams "Tell him to tell
me where the money is, or I'm gonna blow his brains all over the desert!"
	Interpreter-to-bandit:	"He says if you don't tell him where the
		money is right now, he will kill you here."
	Bandit-to-interpreter:	"Do not kill me, senor, the money is hidden
		under the big tree at the pass!"
	Interpreter-to-sheriff:	"He says you ain't got the balls..."


Boling's postulate:
	If you're feeling good, don't worry.  You'll get over it.


Sure banking is Biblical!

How about when Onan received a substantial penalty for early withdrawal?
Or when Pharaoh's daughter went into the bulrushes and came out with a
little prophet?  And it was Moses who led the Children of Israel to the
Banks of the Jordan!


Hear about...
	the French soldier who kissed his wife's cheeks before he went
	to the front?


Q:	How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	You won't find a lawyer who can change a light bulb.  Now, if
	you're looking for a lawyer to screw a light bulb...


WARNING!
	This system is subject to breakdowns during periods of critical need!
A special circuit in the computer called a "critical detector" senses the
user's emotional state in terms of how desperate they are to get their program
to run.  The "critical detector" then creates a bug in the program proportional
to the desperation of the user.  Threatening the terminal with violence only
aggravates the situation, causing the program to immediately crash or the
entire system to go down.  Likewise, attempts to use another terminal may cause
it to core dump.  (They all belong to the same LAN.)  Keep cool and say nice
things to the terminal.


The average, healthy, well-adjusted adult gets up at seven-thirty in
the morning feeling just terrible.
		-- Jean Kerr


Confusion, n.:
	Father's Day in San Francisco.


* UNIX is a Trademark of Bell Laboratories.


When we jumped into Sicily, the units became separated, and I couldn't find
anyone.  Eventually I stumbled across two colonels, a major, three captains,
two lieutenants, and one rifleman, and we secured the bridge.  Never in the
history of war have so few been led by so many.
		-- General James Gavin


To have died once is enough.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)


And the French medical anatomist Etienne Serres really did argue that
black males are primitive because the distance between their navel and
penis remains small (relative to body height) throughout life, while
white children begin with a small separation but increase it during
growth -- the rising belly button as a mark of progress.
		-- S. J. Gould, "Racism and Recapitulation"


So... how come the Corinthians never wrote back?


Today is National Existential Ennui Awareness Day.


Populus vult decipi.
[The people like to be deceived.]


If at first you fricassee, fry, fry again.


Hear about...
	the elderly gentleman who was stung on the privates by a bee and
	asked the doctor to relieve the pain but leave the swelling?


Inspector:	"Mrs. Freem, was this your husband's first
			hunting accident?"
Mrs. Freem:	"His first fatal one, yes."
		-- Woody Allen


Teamwork is essential -- it allows you to blame someone else.


Stupidity got us into this mess -- why can't it get us out?


He heard the snick of a rifle bolt and found himself peering down the muzzle
of a weapon held by a drunken liquor store owner -- "There's a conflict," he
said, "there's a conflict between land and people... the people have to go..."
		-- Stan Ridgeway, "Call of the West"


Fat dirty farts came spluttering out of your backside.  You had an arse full
of farts that night, darling, and I fucked them out of you, big fat fellows,
long windy ones, quick little merry cracks...
		-- James Joyce


Really??  What a coincidence, I'm shallow too!!


Hate is like acid.  It can damage the vessel in which it is
stored as well as destroy the object on which it is poured.


The thought of being President frightens me and I do not think I
want the job.
		-- Ronald Reagan in 1973

Reagan won because he ran against Jimmy Carter.  Had he run unopposed he
would have lost.
		-- Mort Sahl

Ronald Reagan is a triumph of the embalmer's art.
		-- Gore Vidal

Ronald Reagan's platform seems to be: Hey, I'm a big good-looking guy and
I need a lot of sleep.
		-- Roy G. Blount, Jr.

You've got to be careful quoting Ronald Reagan, because when you quote him
accurately it's called mudslinging.
		-- Walter Mondale


It is not necessary to inquire whether a woman would like something for
dessert.  The answer is yes, she would like something for dessert, but
she would like you to order it so she can pick at it with your fork.  She
does not want you to call attention to this by saying, "If you wanted a
dessert, why didn't you order one?"  You must understand, she has the
dessert she wants.  The dessert she wants is contained within yours.
		-- Merrill Marcoe, "An Insider's Guide to the American Woman"


Software, n.:
	Formal evening attire for female computer analysts.


Since before the Earth was formed and before the sun burned hot in space,
cosmic forces of inexorable power have been working relentlessly toward
this moment in space-time -- your receiving this fortune.


I/O, I/O,
It's off to disk I go,
A bit or byte to read or write,
I/O, I/O, I/O...


Toilet Toupee, n.:
	Any shag carpet that causes the lid to become top-heavy, thus
	creating endless annoyance to male users.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


It's bad enough that life is a rat-race,
but why do the rats always have to win?


Here at the Phone Company, we serve all kinds of people;
from Presidents and Kings to the scum of the earth...


Who cares if it doesn't do anything?  It was made with
our new Triple-Iso-Bifurcated-Krypton-Gate-MOS process...


Mr. Rockford?  This is Betty Joe Withers.  I got four shirts of yours from
the Bo Peep Cleaners by mistake.  I don't know why they gave me men's
shirts but they're going back.


Catproof is an oxymoron, childproof nearly so.


The husband wired home that he had been able to wind up his business trip a
day early and would be home on Thursday.  When he walked into his apartment,
however, he found his wife in bed with another man.  Furious, he picked up his
bag and stormed out.  He met his mother-in-law on the street, told her what
had happened and announced that he was filing for divorce in the morning.
	"Give my daughter a chance to explain before you take any action,"
the older woman pleaded.  Reluctantly, he agreed.
	An hour later his mother-in-law phoned the husband at his club.
"I knew my daughter would have an explanation," she said, a note of triumph
in her voice.  "She didn't receive your telegram!"


And as we stand on the edge of darkness
Let our chant fill the void
That others may know

	In the land of the night
	The ship of the sun
	Is drawn by
	The grateful dead.
		-- Tibetan "Book of the Dead," ca. 4000 BC.


I learned to play guitar just to get the girls, and anyone who says they
didn't is just lyin'!
		-- Willie Nelson


It took me fifteen years to discover that I had no talent for writing,
but I couldn't give it up because by that time I was too famous.
		-- Robert Benchley


A wise man can see more from the bottom
of a well than a fool can from a mountain top.


If I'm over the hill, why is it I don't recall ever being on top?
		-- Jerry Muscha


Virtue would go far if vanity did not keep it company.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


Let us go then you and I
while the night is laid out against the sky
like a smear of mustard on an old pork pie.

Nice poem Tom.  I have ideas for changes though, why not come over?
		-- Ezra


I GUESS WE WERE ALL GUILTY, in a way.  We shot him, we skinned him, and
we all got a complimentary bumper sticker that said, "I helped skin Bob."
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


The thing that takes up the least amount of time
and causes the most amount of trouble is sex.


Left a good broad by the river,
Traveled back into town just to get some rest!
Waited for 10 hours,
Went back to the river,
But I couldn't get her out of that mess!

chorus:
	Poor Mary Jo Kopechne,
	Dead Mary Jo Kopechne,
	Rollin'... rollin'... rollin' down the window!

If you're gonna run for office,
And you know that it's an election year.
Don't go in the river,
'Specially by way of bridges,
It could put an end to your political career!
(chorus)
		-- Poor Mary Jo, to the tune of "Proud Mary"


Prizes are for children.
		-- Charles Ives,
		   upon being given, but refusing, the Pulitzer prize


Don't be humble, you're not that great.
		-- Golda Meir


Q:	What do you call a half-dozen Indians with Asian flu?
A:	Six sick Sikhs (sic).


Tear leather:
	To become excited, as in the sentence "Robin Hood tore
	his leather jerkin' off."


Show me a good loser in professional sports and I'll show you an idiot.
Show me a good sportsman and I'll show you a player I'm looking to trade.
		-- Leo Durocher


Ignorance is the Mother of Devotion.
		-- Robert Burton


Live fast, die young, and leave a good looking corpse.
		-- James Dean


Be sure to evaluate the bird-hand/bush ratio.


Whenever the literary German dives into a sentence, that is the last
you are going to see of him until he emerges on the other side of his
Atlantic with his verb in his mouth.
		-- Mark Twain
		   "Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court"


Etymology, n.:
	Some early etymological scholars came up with derivations that
	were hard for the public to believe.  The term 'etymology' was
	formed from the Latin 'etus' ("eaten"), the root 'mal' ("bad"),
	and 'logy' ("study of").  It meant "the study of things that are
	hard to swallow."
		-- Mike Kellen


It looks like it's up to me to save our skins.
Get into that garbage chute, flyboy!
		-- Princess Leia Organa


It's hard to keep your shirt on when
you're getting something off your chest.


Dr. Livingston?
Dr. Livingston I. Presume?


Women in love consist of a little sighing, a little
crying, a little dying -- and a good deal of lying.
		-- Ansey


	A young husband with an inferiority complex insisted he was just a
little pebble on the beach.  The marriage counselor told him, "If you wish to
save your marriage, you'd better be a little boulder."


And on the third day, Christ arose, pushed aside the rock that had served
as the tomb door, and walked again on the earth.
	And as he departed, a passer-by pointed at the door Jesus had left
open.  "What's the matter with you?" he said. "Born in a barn?"


Moon, n.:
	1. A celestial object whose phase is very important to
hackers.  See PHASE OF THE MOON.  2. Dave Moon (MOON@MC).


Be valiant, but not too venturous.
Let thy attire be comely, but not costly.
		-- John Lyly


		'Twas the Night before Crisis

'Twas the night before crisis, and all through the house,
	Not a program was working not even a browse.
The programmers were wrung out too mindless to care,
	Knowing chances of cutover hadn't a prayer.
The users were nestled all snug in their beds,
	While visions of inquiries danced in their heads.
When out in the lobby there arose such a clatter,
	I sprang from my tube to see what was the matter.
And what to my wondering eyes should appear,
	But a Super Programmer, oblivious to fear.
More rapid than eagles, his programs they came,
	And he whistled and shouted and called them by name;
On Update!  On Add!  On Inquiry!  On Delete!
	On Batch Jobs!  On Closing!  On Functions Complete!
His eyes were glazed over, his fingers were lean,
	From Weekends and nights in front of a screen.
A wink of his eye, and a twist of his head,
	Soon gave me to know I had nothing to dread...


They took some of the Van Goghs, most
of the jewels, and all of the Chivas!


No matter who you are, some scholar can show you
the great idea you had was had by someone before you.


WRONG!


Gravity brings me down.


"Hello," he lied.
		-- Don Carpenter, quoting a Hollywood agent


I got tired of listening to the recording on the phone at the movie
theater.  So I bought the album.  I got kicked out of a theater the
other day for bringing my own food in.  I argued that the concession
stand prices were outrageous.  Besides, I hadn't had a barbecue in a
long time.  I went to the theater and the sign said adults $5 children
$2.50.  I told them I wanted 2 boys and a girl.  I once took a cab to
a drive-in movie.  The movie cost me $95.
		-- Steven Wright


You can't make a program without broken egos.


There is a young faggot named Mose
Who insists that you fuck his long nose.
	And you'll double the joy
	Of this lecherous boy
If you'll tickle his balls with your toes.


Why don't you fix your little problem... and light this candle?
		-- Alan Shepard, the first American into space, Gemini program


It is annoying to be honest to no purpose.
		-- Publius Ovidius Naso (Ovid)


SEX-CHANGE NUN BECOMES TV WRESTLER!!!
	details at 11!


Si Dieu n'existait pas, il faudrait l'inventer.
		-- Voltaire


I am very fond of the company of ladies.  I like their beauty,
I like their delicacy, I like their vivacity, and I like their silence.
		-- Samuel Johnson


Life would be much simpler and things would get done much faster if it
weren't for other people.
		-- Blore


Being popular is important.  Otherwise people might not like you.


QUOTE OF THE DAY:

	`



	Why are you doing this to me?
	Because knowledge is torture, and there must be awareness before
there is change.
		-- Jim Starlin, "Captain Marvel", #29


Revolution, n.:
	In politics, an abrupt change in the form of misgovernment.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Come quickly, I am tasting stars!
		-- Dom Perignon, upon discovering champagne


Optimism, n.:
The belief that everything is beautiful, including what is ugly, good, bad,
and everything right that is wrong.  It is held with greatest tenacity by
those accustomed to falling into adversity, and most acceptably expounded
with the grin that apes a smile.  Being a blind faith, it is inaccessible
to the light of disproof -- an intellectual disorder, yielding to no treatment
but death.  It is hereditary, but not contagious.


The Great Movie Posters:

HOT STEEL BETWEEN THEIR LEGS!
		-- The Cycle Savages (1969)

The Hand that Rocks the Cradle...  Has no Flesh on It!
		-- Who Slew Auntie Roo? (1971)

TWO GREAT BLOOD HORRORS TO RIP OUT YOUR GUTS!
		-- I Eat Your Skin & I Drink Your Blood (1971 double-bill)

They Went In People and Came Out Hamburger!
		-- The Corpse Grinders (1971)


The majority of husbands remind me of an orangutan trying to play
the violin.
		-- Honore de Balzac


Alcohol is the anesthesia by which we endure the operation of life.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


It is by the fortune of God that, in this country, we have three benefits:
freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either.
		-- Mark Twain


Drunks are rarely amusing unless they know some good songs and lose a
lot a poker.
		-- Karyl Roosevelt


After I run your program, let's make love like crazed weasels, OK?


The Least Successful Executions
	History has furnished us with two executioners worthy of attention.
The first performed in Sydney in Australia.  In 1803 three attempts were
made to hang a Mr. Joseph Samuels.  On the first two of these the rope
snapped, while on the third Mr. Samuels just hung there peacefully until he
and everyone else got bored.  Since he had proved unsusceptible to capital
punishment, he was reprieved.
	The most important British executioner was Mr. James Berry who
tried three times in 1885 to hang Mr. John Lee at Exeter Jail, but on each
occasion failed to get the trap door open.
	In recognition of this achievement, the Home Secretary commuted
Lee's sentence to "life" imprisonment.  He was released in 1917, emigrated
to America and lived until 1933.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


An 11 is a 10 who doesn't have headaches.


Rating women on the Budweiser scale; the number
of Clydesdales it would take to pull you off her.


A student who changes the course of history is probably taking an exam.


Q:	What looks like a cat, flies like a bat, brays like a donkey, and
	plays like a monkey?
A:	Nothing.


It is better for civilization to be going down the drain than to be
coming up it.
		-- Henry Allen


This time it's for love; next time it's $100.00.


She hates testicles, thus limiting the men she can admire to Democratic
candidates for president.
		-- John Greenway, "The American Tradition", on feminist
		   Elizabeth Gould Davis


America may be unique in being a country which has leapt
from barbarism to decadence without touching civilization.
		-- John O'Hara


Be not anxious about what you have, but about what you are.
		-- Pope St. Gregory I


If you try to please everyone, somebody is not going to like it.


Who the hell wants to hear actors talk?
		-- Harry Warner, Warner Bros. Pictures, c. 1927


If time heals all wounds, how come the belly button stays the same?


If pregnancy were a book they would cut the last two chapters.
		-- Nora Ephron, "Heartburn"


I'm N-ary the tree, I am,
N-ary the tree, I am, I am.
I'm getting traversed by the parser next door,
She's traversed me seven times before.
And ev'ry time it was an N-ary (N-ary!)
Never wouldn't ever do a binary. (No sir!)
I'm 'er eighth tree that was N-ary.
N-ary the tree I am, I am,
N-ary the tree I am.
		-- Stolen from Paul Revere and the Raiders


Nothing shortens a journey so pleasantly as an account of misfortunes at
which the hearer is permitted to laugh.
		-- Quentin Crisp


If God had wanted people to give blow
jobs, he wouldn't have given them teeth.


...whether it is better to spend a life not knowing what you want or to
spend a life knowing exactly what you want and that you will never have it.
		-- Richard Shelton


'Twas midnight on the ocean,		Her children all were orphans,
Not a streetcar was in sight,		Except one a tiny tot,
So I stepped into a cigar store		Who had a home across the way
To ask them for a light.		Above a vacant lot.

The man	behind the counter		As I gazed through the oaken door
Was a woman, old and gray,		A whale went drifting by,
Who used to peddle doughnuts		Its six legs hanging in the air,
On the road to Mandalay.		So I kissed her goodbye.

She said "Good morning, stranger",	This story has a morale
Her eyes were dry with tears,		As you can plainly see,
As she put her head between her feet	Don't mix your gin with whiskey
And stood that way for years.		On the deep and dark blue sea.
		-- Midnight On The Ocean


Line Printer paper is strongest at the perforations.


Join the army, see the world, meet interesting,
exciting people, and kill them.


You prefer the company of the opposite
sex, but are well liked by your own.


You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.


Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it.
		-- Woody Allen


QOTD:
	"How can I miss you if you won't go away?"


First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity, no really
self-respecting woman would take advantage of it.
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "John Bull's Other Island"


It is equally bad when one speeds on the guest unwilling to go, and when he
holds back one who is hastening.  Rather one should befriend the guest who
is there, but speed him when he wishes.
		-- Homer, "The Odyssey"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to scheduling.]


Go out with girls Dutch treat -- pay for dinner, drinks,
and the movie, and the rest of the evening is on her.


A person forgives only when they are in the wrong.


Never eat more than you can lift.
		-- Miss Piggy


The police were investigating the mysterious death of a prominent businessman
who had jumped from a window of his 11th story office.  His voluptuous private
secretary could offer no explanation for the action but said that her boss had
been acting peculiarly ever since she started working for him a month ago.
	"After my very first week on the job," she said, "I received a
twenty-dollar raise.  At the end of the second week he called me into his
private office, gave me a lovely black nightie, five pairs of nylon stockings
and said, 'These are for a beautiful, efficient secretary.'  At the end of the
third week he gave me a gorgeous mink stole.  Then, this afternoon, he called me
into his private office again, presented me with this fabulous diamond bracelet
and asked me if I would consider making love to him and what it would cost.
I told him I would, and because he had been so nice to me, he could have it
for five dollars, although I was charging all the other boys in the office ten
dollars.  That's when he jumped out the window."


It's hard not to like a man of many qualities,
even if most of them are bad.


Piece of cake!
		-- G. S. Koblas


QOTD:
	"East is east... and let's keep it that way."


Nothing is but what is not.


Who loves me will also love my dog.
		-- John Donne


We don't care.  We don't have to.  We're the Phone Company.


	Several students were asked to prove that all odd integers are prime.
	The first student to try to do this was a math student.  "Hmmm...
Well, 1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, and by induction, we have that all
the odd integers are prime."
	The second student to try was a man of physics who commented, "I'm not
sure of the validity of your proof, but I think I'll try to prove it by
experiment."  He continues, "Well, 1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, 7 is
prime, 9 is...  uh, 9 is... uh, 9 is an experimental error, 11 is prime, 13
is prime...  Well, it seems that you're right."
	The third student to try it was the engineering student, who responded,
"Well, to be honest, actually, I'm not sure of your answer either.  Let's
see...  1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, 7 is prime, 9 is... uh, 9 is...
well, if you approximate, 9 is prime, 11 is prime, 13 is prime...  Well, it
does seem right."
	Not to be outdone, the computer science student comes along and says
"Well, you two sort've got the right idea, but you'll end up taking too long!
I've just whipped up a program to REALLY go and prove it."  He goes over to
his terminal and runs his program.  Reading the output on the screen he says,
"1 is prime, 1 is prime, 1 is prime, 1 is prime..."


I can't quite put my finger on it, but something about you pisses me off.
		-- Peter Knight


	"But Huey, you PROMISED!"
	"Tell 'em I lied."


I don't want to bore you, but there's nobody else around for me to bore.


Doing business with the government is like fucking sheep.
It's easy, but it's not very satisfying.


A clitoris is a lot like Antarctica;
most men know it's there, but few really care.


We may not be able to persuade Hindus that Jesus and not Vishnu should govern
their spiritual horizon, nor Moslems that Lord Buddha is at the center of
their spiritual universe, nor Hebrews that Mohammed is a major prophet, nor
Christians that Shinto best expresses their spiritual concerns, to say
nothing of the fact that we may not be able to get Christians to agree among
themselves about their relationship to God.  But all will agree on a
proposition that they possess profound spiritual resources.  If, in addition,
we can get them to accept the further proposition that whatever form the
Deity may have in their own theology, the Deity is not only external, but
internal and acts through them, and they themselves give proof or disproof
of the Deity in what they do and think; if this further proposition can be
accepted, then we come that much closer to a truly religious situation on
earth.
		-- Norman Cousins, from his book "Human Options"


You guys have been practicing discrimination for years.
Now it's our turn.
		-- Thurgood Marshall, quoted by Justice Douglas


Politics is not the art of the possible.  It consists in choosing
between the disastrous and the unpalatable.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


Nitwit ideas are for emergencies.  You use them when you've got nothing
else to try.  If they work, they go in the Book.  Otherwise you follow
the Book, which is largely a collection of nitwit ideas that worked.
		-- Larry Niven, "The Mote in God's Eye"


The politician is someone who deals in man's problems of adjustment.
To ask a politician to lead us is to ask the tail of a dog to lead the dog.
		-- Buckminster Fuller


Being ugly isn't illegal.  Yet.


Zisla's Law:
	If you're asked to join a parade, don't march behind the elephants.


A door is what a dog is perpetually on the wrong side of.
		-- Ogden Nash


Performance:
	A statement of the speed at which a computer system works.  Or
	rather, might work under certain circumstances.  Or was rumored
	to be working over in Jersey about a month ago.


