The universe is all a spin-off of the Big Bang.


STRATEGY:
	A comprehensive plan of inaction.


You can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard.


A woman's best protection is a little money of her own.
		-- Clare Booth Luce, quoted in "The Wit of Women"


"Deep" is a word like "theory" or "semantic" -- it implies all sorts of
marvelous things.  It's one thing to be able to say "I've got a theory",
quite another to say "I've got a semantic theory", but, ah, those who can
claim "I've got a deep semantic theory", they are truly blessed.
		-- Randy Davis


Every path has its puddle.


CHRISTMAS:
	A time when each of us gets to reflect upon what we each most
	deeply and sincerely believe in.  Money.  At the mall of our
	choice.


A bureaucracy is like a septic tank -- all the really big shits float
to the top.


Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
		-- Salvor Hardin


Jim, this is Janelle.  I'm flying tonight, so I can't make our date, and
I gotta find a safe place for Daffy.  He loves you, Jim!  It's only two
days, and you'll see.  Great Danes are no problem!


Love is eating her even when she's not having her period.


No skis take rocks like rental skis!


Ahhhhhh... the smell of cuprinol and mahogany.  It
excites me to... acts of passion... acts of... ineptitude.


Humpty Dumpty sat on the wall,
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall!
All the king's horses,
And all the king's men,
Had scrambled eggs for breakfast again!


You will think of something funnier than this to add to the fortunes.


It isn't easy being the parent of a six-year-old.  However, it's a pretty
small price to pay for having somebody around the house who understands
computers.


Hear about...
	the Californian terrorist that tried to blow up a bus?
	Burned his lips on the exhaust pipe.


If man is only a little lower than the angels, the angels should reform.
		-- Mary Wilson Little


When I was young we didn't have MTV; we
had to take drugs and go to concerts.
		-- Steven Pearl


A good sysadmin always carries around a few feet of fiber. If he ever
gets lost, he simply drops the fiber on the ground, waits ten minutes,
then asks the backhoe operator for directions.
		-- Bill Bradford <mrbill@mrbill.net>


Perhaps no person can be a poet, or even enjoy
poetry without a certain unsoundness of mind.
		-- Thomas Macaulay


If you're happy, you're successful.


Never laugh at live dragons.
		-- Bilbo Baggins, "The Hobbit"


Buy old masters.  They fetch better prices than old mistresses.
		-- Lord Beaverbrook


There *is* no such thing as a civil engineer.


QOTD:
	"What I like most about myself is that I'm so understanding
	when I mess things up."


Q:	How many heterosexual males does it take to screw in a light
	bulb, in San Francisco?
A:	Both of them.


The most costly of all follies is to believe passionately
in the palpably not true.  It is the chief occupation of mankind.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Q:	Why did the programmer call his mother long distance?
A:	Because that was her name.


Beware the one behind you.


	"I know a life of crime led me to this sorry state.  I blame
society.  Society made me what I am today!"
	"That's bullshit Archie.  You're just a young suburban punk
like me."
	"It still...  hurts... auugghh!"
	"You're going to be okay..."
		"...gurgle..."
			"... maybe not."
		-- Repo Man


God has intended the great to be great and the little to be little...
The trade unions, under the European system, destroy liberty [...] I do
not mean to say that a dollar a day is enough to support a workingman...
not enough to support a man and five children if he insists on smoking
and drinking beer.  But the man who cannot live on bread and water is
not fit to live!  A family may live on good bread and water in the
morning, water and bread at midday, and good bread and water at night!
		-- Rev. Henry Ward Beecher


	There was once a programmer who was attached to the court of the
warlord of Wu.  The warlord asked the programmer: "Which is easier to design:
an accounting package or an operating system?"
	"An operating system," replied the programmer.
	The warlord uttered an exclamation of disbelief.  "Surely an
accounting package is trivial next to the complexity of an operating
system," he said.
	"Not so," said the programmer, "when designing an accounting package,
the programmer operates as a mediator between people having different ideas:
how it must operate, how its reports must appear, and how it must conform to
tax laws.  By contrast, an operating system is not limited by outward
appearances.  When designing an operating system, the programmer seeks the
simplest harmony between machine and ideas.  This is why an operating system
is easier to design."
	The warlord of Wu nodded and smiled.  "That is all good and well,"
he said, "but which is easier to debug?"
	The programmer made no reply.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Captain's Log, star date 21:34.5...


Let a Field Service Engineer put it in.


Anyone stupid enough to be caught by the police is probably guilty.


Women who want to be equal to men lack imagination
		-- Graffito in a women's restroom


In English, every word can be verbed.  Would that it were so in our
programming languages.


This is a test of the Emergency Broadcast System.  If this had been an
actual emergency, do you really think we'd stick around to tell you?


	There are wavelengths that people cannot see, there are
sounds that people cannot hear, and maybe computers have thoughts
that people cannot think.
		-- Richard W. Hamming


Save gas, don't use the shell.


F. Scott Fitzgerald to Hemingway:
	"Ernest, the rich are different from us."
Hemingway:
	"Yes.  They have more money."


The NY Times is read by the people who run the country.  The Washington Post
is read by the people who think they run the country.  The National Enquirer
is read by the people who think Elvis is alive and running the country.
		-- Robert Woodhead


The average, healthy, well-adjusted adult gets up at seven-thirty in
the morning feeling just terrible.
		-- Jean Kerr


Your wig steers the gig.
		-- Lord Buckley


I can read your mind, and you should be ashamed of yourself.


Your lucky number is 3552664958674928.
Watch for it everywhere.


Jim, this is Janelle.  I'm flying tonight, so I can't make our date, and
I gotta find a safe place for Daffy.  He loves you, Jim!  It's only two
days, and you'll see.  Great Danes are no problem!


Body by Nautilus, Brain by Mattel.


Women's Libbers are OK.  I just wouldn't want my sister to marry one.


Valerie: Aww, Tom, you're going maudlin on me ...
Tom:	 I reserve the right to wax maudlin as I wane eloquent ...
		-- Tom Chapin


The Grecians were famed for fine art,
And buildings and stonework so smart.
	They distinguished with poise
	The men from the boys,
And used crowbars to keep them apart.


The trouble with a lot of self-made men is that they worship their creator.


When the Guru administers, the users
are hardly aware that he exists.
Next best is a sysop who is loved.
Next, one who is feared.
And worst, one who is despised.

If you don't trust the users,
you make them untrustworthy.

The Guru doesn't talk, he hacks.
When his work is done,
the users say, "Amazing:
we implemented it, all by ourselves!"


All wars are civil wars, because all men are brothers ... Each one owes
infinitely more to the human race than to the particular country in
which he was born.
		-- Francois Fenelon


The angry man always thinks he can do more than he can.
		-- Albertano of Brescia


Hi! How are things going?
	(just fine, thank you...)
Great! Say, could I bother you for a question?
	(you just asked one...)
Well, how about one more?
	(one more than the first one?)
Yes.
	(you already asked that...)
[at this point, Alphonso gets smart...	]
May I ask two questions, sir?
	(no.)
May I ask ONE then?
	(nope...)
Then may I ask, sir, how I may ask you a question?
	(yes, you may.)
Sir, how may I ask you a question?
	(you must ask for retroactive question asking privileges for
	 the number of questions you have asked, then ask for that
	 number plus two, one for the current question, and one for the
	 next one)
Sir, may I ask nine questions?
	(go right ahead...)


If you're really into astrology, tell me, what happens
when Mercury is in the Fish, and Jupiter enters the Virgin?


Remember, UNIX spelled backwards is XINU.
		-- Mt.


The State of California has no business subsidizing intellectual
curiosity.
		-- Ronald Reagan


	And Jesus said unto them, "And whom do you say that I am?"
	They replied, "You are the eschatological manifestation of the
ground of our being, the ontological foundation of the context of our
very selfhood revealed."
	And Jesus replied, "What?"


He who foresees calamities suffers them twice over.


California is a fine place to live -- if you happen to be an orange.
		-- Fred Allen


The great question that has never been answered and which I have not
yet been able to answer despite my thirty years of research into the
feminine soul is: WHAT DOES A WOMAN WANT?
		-- Sigmund Freud


Having wandered helplessly into a blinding snowstorm Sam was greatly
relieved to see a sturdy Saint Bernard dog bounding toward him with
the traditional keg of brandy strapped to his collar.
	"At last," cried Sam, "man's best friend -- and a great big
dog, too!"


Q:	What goes
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
A:	Stevie Wonder doing the Rubik's Cube.


This door is baroquen, please wiggle Handel.
(If I wiggle Handel, will it wiggle Bach?)
		-- Found on a door in the MSU music building


Why don't you fix your little problem... and light this candle?
		-- Alan Shepard, the first American into space, Gemini program


You are taking yourself far too seriously.


File cabinet:
	A four drawer, manually activated trash compactor.


Everyone complains of his memory, no one of his judgment.


AMAZING BUT TRUE...
	If all the salmon caught in Canada in one year were laid end to
	end across the Sahara Desert, the smell would be absolutely awful.


To those accustomed to the precise, structured methods of conventional
system development, exploratory development techniques may seem messy,
inelegant, and unsatisfying.  But it's a question of congruence:
precision and flexibility may be just as disfunctional in novel,
uncertain situations as sloppiness and vacillation are in familiar,
well-defined ones.  Those who admire the massive, rigid bone structures
of dinosaurs should remember that jellyfish still enjoy their very
secure ecological niche.
		-- Beau Sheil, "Power Tools for Programmers"


Q:	What's hard going in and soft and sticky coming out?
A:	Chewing gum.


If you wish women to love you, be original; I know a man who wore fur
boots summer and winter, and women fell in love with him.
		-- Anton Chekov


Ah, sweet Springtime, when a young man lightly turns his fancy over!


Optimist, n.:
	A bagpiper with a beeper.


Take everything in stride.
Trample anyone who gets in your way.


Marry in haste and everyone starts counting the months.


Anything labeled "NEW" and/or "IMPROVED" isn't.
The label means the price went up.
The label "ALL NEW", "COMPLETELY NEW", or "GREAT NEW"
means the price went way up.


Equal bytes for women.


question = ( to ) ? be : ! be;
		-- William Shakespeare


I can see him a'comin'
With his big boots on,
With his big thumb out,
He wants to get me.
He wants to hurt me.
He wants to bring me down.
But some time later,
When I feel a little straighter,
I'll come across a stranger
Who'll remind me of the danger,
And then.... I'll run him over.
Pretty smart on my part!
To find my way... In the dark!
		-- Phil Ochs


Growing old isn't bad when you consider the alternatives.
		-- Maurice Chevalier


	"And what do you two think you are doing?!" roared the husband,
as he came upon his wife in bed with another man.  The wife turned and
smiled at her companion.
	"See?" she said.  "I told you he was stupid!"


	"Yo, Mike!"
	"Yeah, Gabe?"
	"We got a problem down on Earth.  In Utah."
	"I thought you fixed that last century!"
	"No, no, not that.  Someone's found a security problem in the physics
program.  They're getting energy out of nowhere."
	"Blessit!  Lemme look...  <tappity clickity tappity>  Hey, it's
there all right!  OK, just a sec...  <tappity clickity tap... save... compile>
There, that ought to patch it.  Dist it out, wouldja?"
		-- Cold Fusion, 1989


The road to hell is paved with good intentions.  And littered with
sloppy analysis!


Williams and Holland's Law:
	If enough data is collected,
	anything may be proven by statistical methods.


EARL GREY PROFILES

NAME:		Jean-Luc Perriwinkle Picard
OCCUPATION:	Starship Big Cheese
AGE:		94
BIRTHPLACE:	Paris, Terra Sector
EYES:		Grey
SKIN:		Tanned
HAIR:		Not much
LAST MAGAZINE READ:
		Lobes 'n' Probes, the Ferengi-Betazoid Sex Quarterly
TEA:		Earl Grey.  Hot.

EARL GREY NEVER VARIES.


Jim, this is Janelle.  I'm flying tonight, so I can't make our date, and
I gotta find a safe place for Daffy.  He loves you, Jim!  It's only two
days, and you'll see.  Great Danes are no problem!


Rainy days and Mondays always get me down.


MALPRACTICE:
	The reason surgeons wear masks.


You will remember, Watson, how the dreadful business of the Abernetty family
was first brought to my notice by the depth which the parsley had sunk into
the butter upon a hot day.
		-- Sherlock Holmes


Think big.
Pollute the Mississippi.


Delores breezed along the surface of her life like a flat stone forever
skipping along smooth water, rippling reality sporadically but oblivious
to it consistently, until she finally lost momentum, sank, and due to an
overdose of fluoride as a child which caused her to suffer from chronic
apathy, doomed herself to lie forever on the floor of her life as useless
as an appendix and as lonely as a five-hundred pound barbell in a
steroid-free fitness center.
		-- Winning sentence, 1990 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest


People's Action Rules:
	(1) Some people who can, shouldn't.
	(2) Some people who should, won't.
	(3) Some people who shouldn't, will.
	(4) Some people who can't, will try, regardless.
	(5) Some people who shouldn't, but try, will then blame others.


I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
		-- William Allen White


You are capable of planning your future.


Boy!  Eucalyptus!


Come fill the cup and in the fire of spring
Your winter garment of repentance fling.
The bird of time has but a little way
To flutter -- and the bird is on the wing.
		-- Omar Khayyam


He:	So, what do you say to little fuck?
She:	I say, "get lost, little fuck."


Q:	What's the difference between a duck and an elephant?
A:	You can't get down off an elephant.


	"Can you hammer a 6-inch spike into a wooden plank with your
penis?"
	"Uh, not right now."
	"Tsk.  A girl has to have some standards."
		-- "Real Genius"


Take a look around you, tell me what you see,
A girl who thinks she's ordinary lookin' she has got the key.
If you can get close enough to look into her eyes
There's something special right behind the bitterness she hides.
	And you're fair game,
	You never know what she'll decide, you're fair game,
	Just relax, enjoy the ride.
Find a way to reach her, make yourself a fool,
But do it with a little class, disregard the rules.
'Cause this one knows the bottom line, couldn't get a date.
The ugly duckling striking back, and she'll decide her fate.
	(chorus)
The ones you never notice are the ones you have to watch.
She's pleasant and she's friendly while she's looking at your crotch.
Try your hand at conversation, gossip is a lie,
And sure enough she'll take you home and make you wanna die.
	(chorus)
		-- Crosby, Stills, Nash, "Fair Game"


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #18 -- FIFTH

	FIFTH is a precision mathematical language in which the data types
refer to quantity.  The data types range from CC, OUNCE, SHOT, and JIGGER to
FIFTH (hence the name of the language), LITER, MAGNUM and BLOTTO.  Commands
refer to ingredients such as CHABLIS, CHARDONNAY, CABERNET, GIN, VERMOUTH,
VODKA, SCOTCH, BOURBON, and WHATEVERSAROUND.
	The many versions of the FIFTH language reflect the sophistication and
financial status of its users.  Commands in the ELITE dialect include VSOP and
LAFITE, while commands in the GUTTER dialect include HOOTCH, THUNDERBIRD,
RIPPLE and HOUSERED.  The latter is a favorite of frustrated FORTH programmers
who end up using this language.


I never loved another person the way I loved myself.
		-- Mae West


One, two, three, four
What are we fighting for?
Don't ask me I don't give a damn.
Next stop is Vietnam.
Five, six, seven, eight
Open up the pearly gates.
Ain't no time to wonder why
Whoopie!  We're all going to die.
		-- Country Joe and the Fish


Higgledy Piggledy		Coeducational
Yale University			Extracurricular
Gave up misogyny		Heterosexual
Opened its door.		Fun is in store.


Chicagoan:	"So, where're you from?"
Hoosier:	"What's wrong with Indiana?"


Van Roy's Law:
	Honesty is the best policy - there's less competition.

Van Roy's Truism:
	Life is a whole series of circumstances beyond your control.


Take an astronaut to launch.


You may be right, I may be crazy,
But maybe it's a lunatic you're looking for?
		-- Billy Joel


For a young man, not yet: for an old man, never at all.
		-- Diogenes, asked when a man should marry

When should a man marry?  A young man, not yet; an elder man, not at all.
		-- Sir Francis Bacon, "Of Marriage and Single Life"


Rubber bands have snappy endings!


God wanted to have a holiday, so He asked St. Peter for suggestions on
where to go.
	"Why not go to Jupiter?" asked St. Peter.
	"No, too much gravity, too much stomping around," said God.
	"Well, how about Mercury?"
	"No, it's too hot there."
	"Okay," said St. Peter, "What about Earth?"
	"No," said God, "They're such horrible gossips.  When I was
there 2000 years ago, I had an affair with a Jewish woman, and they're
still talking about it."


It would be nice to be sure of anything
the way some people are of everything.


A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on.
		-- Samuel Goldwyn


Join in the new game that's sweeping the country.  It's called "Bureaucracy".
Everybody stands in a circle.  The first person to do anything loses.


Sam Lefkovitz is having an intimate party to celebrate his thirty
immensely profitable years in the construction business.
	"You know," he laments to his friends, "over the years I have
constructed dozens of enormous projects in and around this city, but
am I known as Sam the Builder?  No.
	And over the years I have contributed literally millions of
dollars to charitable causes of one sort or another, but am I called
Sam the Philanthropist?  No sir!
	But suck one little cock..."


DuPont, I.G., Monsanto, and Shell
Built a world-circling pussy cartel,
	And by planned obsolescence,
	So controlled detumescence,
A poor man could not get a smell.


What causes the mysterious death of everyone?


Humpty Dumpty sat on the wall,
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall!
All the king's horses,
And all the king's men,
Had scrambled eggs for breakfast again!


He wasn't much of an actor, he wasn't much of a Governor -- Hell, they
_H_A_D to make him President of the United States.  It's the only job he's
qualified for!
		-- Michael Cain


Ain't nothin' an old man can do for me but
bring me a message from a young man.
		-- Moms Mabley


Someone is unenthusiastic about your work.


I know of a fortunate Hindu
Who is sought in the towns that he's been to
	By the ladies he knows,
	Who are thrilled to the toes
By the tricks that he makes his foreskin do.


In the early morning queue,
With a listing in my hand.
With a worry in my heart,	There on terminal number 9,
Waitin' here in CERAS-land.	Pascal run all set to go.
I'm a long way from sleep,	But I'm waitin' in the queue,
How I miss a good meal so.	With this code that ever grows.
In the early mornin' queue,	Now the lobby chairs are soft,
With no place to go.		But that can't make the queue move fast.
				Hey, there it goes my friend,
				I've moved up one at last.
		-- Ernest Adams, "Early Morning Queue", to "Early
		   Morning Rain" by G. Lightfoot


Regardless of whether a mission expands or contracts,
administrative overhead continues to grow at a steady rate.


Hard, adj.:
	The quality of your own data; also how it is to believe those
	of other people.


Hit them biscuits with another touch of gravy,
Burn that sausage just a match or two more done.
Pour my black old coffee longer,
While that smell is gettin' stronger
A semi-meal ain't nuthin' much to want.

Loan me ten, I got a feelin' it'll save me,
With an ornery soul who don't shoot pool for fun,
If that coat'll fit you're wearin',
The Lord'll bless your sharin'
A semi-friend ain't nuthin' much to want.

And let me halfway fall in love,
For part of a lonely night,
With a semi-pretty woman in my arms.
Yes, I could halfway fall in deep--
Into a snugglin', lovin' heap,
With a semi-pretty woman in my arms.
		-- Elroy Blunt


No spitting on the Bus!
Thank you, The Management.


The second best policy is dishonesty.


Your mode of life will be changed to EBCDIC.


A day without sunshine is like a day without Anita Bryant.


Q:	How do you keep an Aggie busy at a terminal?
A:	While he's not looking, switch it to "local".


When all other means of communication fail, try words.


