The bigger the theory the better.


Hear about...
	the fellow who got ten years for pumping Ethyl behind the station?


Romeo was restless, he was ready to kill,
He jumped out the window 'cause he couldn't sit still,
Juliet was waiting with a safety net,
Said "don't bury me 'cause I ain't dead yet".
		-- Elvis Costello


Two friends, an Italian boy and a Jewish boy, come of age at the same time.
The Italian boy's father presents him with a brand-new pistol.  On the other
side of town, at his Bar Mitzvah, the Jewish boy receives a beautiful gold
watch.
	The next day, in school, the two boys are showing each other what
they got.  It turns out that each boy likes the other's present better, and
so they trade.
	That night, the Italian boy is at home and his father sees him
looking at his new watch.  "Where did you getta thatta watch?" he asks.
	The boy explains the trade, and the father blows his top.  "Whatta
you?  Stupidda boy?  Whatsa matta you!"
	"Somma day, you maybe gonna getta married.  Then maybe somma day
you gonna comma home and finda you wife inna bed with another man.  Whatta
you gonna do then?  Looka atta you watch and say, `How longa you gonna be?'"


No man is an Iland, intire of it selfe; every man is a peece of the
Continent, a part of the maine; if a Clod bee washed away by the Sea,
Europe is the lesse, as well as if a Promontorie were, as well as if
a Mannor of thy friends or of thine owne were; any mans death diminishes
me, because I am involved in Mankinde; And therefore never send to know
for whom the bell tolls; It tolls for thee.
		-- John Donne, "No Man is an Iland"


	The wise programmer is told about the Tao and follows it.  The average
programmer is told about the Tao and searches for it.  The foolish programmer
is told about the Tao and laughs at it.  If it were not for laughter, there
would be no Tao.
	The highest sounds are the hardest to hear.  Going forward is a way to
retreat.  Greater talent shows itself late in life.  Even a perfect program
still has bugs.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Deprive a mirror of its silver and even the Czar won't see his face.


After two or three weeks of this madness, you begin to feel As One with
the man who said, "No news is good news."  In twenty-eight papers, only
the rarest kind of luck will turn up more than two or three articles of
any interest...  but even then the interest items are usually buried
deep around paragraph 16 on the jump (or "Cont.  on ...")  page...

The Post will have a story about Muskie making a speech in Iowa.  The
Star will say the same thing, and the Journal will say nothing at all.
But the Times might have enough room on the jump page to include a line
or so that says something like:  "When he finished his speech, Muskie
burst into tears and seized his campaign manager by the side of the
neck.  They grappled briefly, but the struggle was kicked apart by an
oriental woman who seemed to be in control."

Now that's good journalism.  Totally objective; very active and
straight to the point.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing '72"


If at first you fricassee, fry, fry again.


There is nothing wrong with Southern California that a rise in the
ocean level wouldn't cure.
		-- Ross MacDonald


What ever happened to happily ever after?


Yes, I've now got this nice little apartment in New York, one of those
L-shaped ones.  Unfortunately, it's a lower case l.
		-- Rita Rudner


f u cn rd ths, u cn gt a gd jb n cmptr prgrmmng.


You worry too much about your job.
Stop it.  You are not paid enough to worry.


Bureaucrat, n.:
	A politician who has tenure.


Nothing is so often irretrievably missed as a daily opportunity.
		-- Ebner-Eschenbach


Have you ever really thought about there being a simple solution to
America's problems?  Why, we could solve all of our raw materials
difficulties, foreign complications etc. over a long weekend.  If we
got up early, early mind you, on Saturday, we could take over Mexico
by 10:00.  Panama and most of South America would be a bit more difficult,
but I believe we could do it by 6 or 7 that evening.  Turning our
attention northward, Canada would require most of Sunday morning.
General mopping up and execution of the civilian populations would take
up Sunday afternoon.  I just don't understand why Washington hasn't
thought of this...


Please ignore previous fortune.


Millions long for immortality who do not know what
to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
		-- Susan Ertz


You cannot have a science without measurement.
		-- R. W. Hamming


Gibson's Springtime Song (to the tune of "Deck the Halls"):

'Tis the season to chase mousies (Fa la la la la, la la la la)
Snatch them from their little housies (...)
First we chase them 'round the field (...)
Then we have them for a meal (...)

Toss them here and catch them there (...)
See them flying through the air (...)
Watch them fly and hear them squeal (...)
Falling mice have great appeal (...)

See the hunter stretched before us (...)
He's chased the mice in field and forest (...)
Watch him clean his long white whiskers (...)
Of the blood of little critters (...)


Come, let us hasten to a higher plane,
Where dyads tread the fairy fields of Venn,
Their indices bedecked from one to _n,
Commingled in an endless Markov chain!
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.
		-- Albert Einstein


Home is where the hurt is.
		-- Strange de Jim


But these pills can't be habit forming;
I've been taking them for years.


Why attack God?  He may be as miserable as we are.
		-- Erik Satie


Neutron bomb, n.:
	An explosive device of limited military value because, as
	it only destroys people without destroying property, it
	must be used in conjunction with bombs that destroy property.


I would much rather have men ask why
I have no statue, than why I have one.
		-- Marcus Porcius Cato


Seems like this farmer purchased an old, run-down, abandoned farm with plans
to turn it into a thriving enterprise.  The fields are grown over with weeds,
the farmhouse is falling apart, and the fences are collapsing all around.
During his first day of work, the town preacher stops by to bless the man's
work, praying, "May you and God work together to make this the farm of your
dreams!"
	A few months later, the preacher stops by again to call on the farmer.
Lo and behold, it's like a completely different place -- the farm house is
completely rebuilt and in excellent condition, there is plenty of cattle and
other livestock happily munching on feed in well-fenced pens, and the fields
are filled with crops planted in neat rows.  "Amazing!" the preacher says.
"Look what God and you have accomplished together!"
	"Yes, reverend," replies the farmer, "but remember what the farm was
like when God was working it alone!"


TOO BAD YOU CAN'T BUY a voodoo globe so that you could make the earth spin
real fast and freak everybody out.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


	One of my favorite Zoo jokes has to do with a woman who, while
visiting the zoo, decided to have a little fun with the Gorilla.  She walks
up to his cage, reaches in, and begins to fondle the beast.  Needless to
say, the animal becomes quite excited, and as he tries to reciprocate in
kind, the woman steps back and gives him a raspberry...!
	The gorilla becomes enraged.  He rips the bars from his cage, grabs
the woman, drags her back into the cage, and ravishes her.  While doing so,
he inflicts a great deal of harm upon her person.
	Later, at the hospital, a neighbor of the woman visits and exclaims,
"Oh, you poor dear...!  Are you hurt?"
	"Hurt!", "Hurt!?" the injured lady sobs, "He doesn't phone.  He
never writes..."


When you're a Yup
You're a Yup all the way
From your first slice of Brie
To your last Cabernet.

When you're a Yup
You're not just a dreamer
You're making things happen
You're driving a Beamer.


Support your local police force -- steal!!


She never liked zippers, she said,
Until she opened one in bed.


Little Miss Muffet, sat on a tuffet,
Eating her curds and whey.
Along came a spider,
Who sat down beside her,
And said, "Hey, what's in the bowl, bitch?"
		-- Andrew "Dice" Clay


	"...The name of the song is called 'Haddocks' Eyes'!"
	"Oh, that's the name of the song, is it?" Alice said, trying to
feel interested.
	"No, you don't understand," the Knight said, looking a little
vexed.  "That's what the name is called.  The name really is, 'The Aged
Aged Man.'"
	"Then I ought to have said "That's what the song is called'?"
Alice corrected herself.
	"No, you oughtn't: that's quite another thing!  The song is
called 'Ways and Means':  but that's only what it is called you know!"
	"Well, what is the song then?" said Alice, who was by this
time completely bewildered.
	"I was coming to that," the Knight said.  "The song really is
"A-sitting on a Gate": and the tune's my own invention."
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


The University of California Statistics Department; where mean is normal,
and deviation standard.


It's not a sin not to be Irish, but it is a great shame.
		-- Sean O'Huiginn


Here is the fact of the week, maybe even the fact of the month.  According
to probably reliable sources, the Coca-Cola people are experiencing severe
marketing anxiety in China.

The words "Coca-Cola" translate into Chinese as either (depending on the
inflection) "wax-fattened mare" or "bite the wax tadpole".

Bite the wax tadpole.  There is a sort of rough justice, is there not?

The trouble with this fact, as lovely as it is, is that it's hard to get
a whole column out of it.  I'd like to teach the world to bite a wax
tadpole.  Coke -- it's the real wax-fattened mare.  Not bad, but broad
satiric vistas do not open up.
		-- John Carrol, San Francisco Chronicle


Due to a shortage of devoted followers, the
production of great leaders has been discontinued.


Don't hit the keys so hard, it hurts.


Love may laugh at locksmiths, but he has a profound respect for money bags.
		-- Sidney Paternoster, "The Folly of the Wise"


Your worship is your furnaces
which, like old idols, lost obscenes,
have molten bowels; your vision is
machines for making more machines.
		-- Gordon Bottomley, 1874


Skinner's Constant (or Flannagan's Finagling Factor):
	That quantity which, when multiplied by, divided by, added to,
	or subtracted from the answer you got, gives you the answer you
	should have gotten.


Why I Can't Go Out With You:

I'd LOVE to, but...
	-- I've got a Friends of the Lowly Rutabaga meeting.
	-- I promised to help a friend fold road maps.
	-- I've been scheduled for a karma transplant.
	-- I'm staying home to work on my cottage cheese sculpture.
	-- It's my parakeet's bowling night.
	-- I'm building a plant from a kit.
	-- There's a disturbance in the Force.
	-- I'm doing door-to-door collecting for static cling.
	-- I'm teaching my ferret to yodel.
	-- My crayons all melted together.


Dear Ann Landers:
	My husband watches the TV preachers every Sunday.  He claims
one minister said there are 350 different sins.  My husband wants to
know if you can get the list.  He thinks he is missing something.
		-- E.J. Mayfield


Obviously the only rational solution to your problem is suicide.


The real trouble with reality is that there's no background music.


COCAINE:
	The thinking man's Dristan.


You will gain money by a fattening action.


Give me your students, your secretaries,
Your huddled writers yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your Selectric III's.
Give these, the homeless, typist-tossed to me.
I lift my disk beside the processor.
		-- Inscription on a Word Processor


Q:	Why did the lone ranger kill Tonto?
A:	He found out what "kemosabe" really means.


I wish you humans would leave me alone.


My idea of a wild party is where you throw the girls' panties at the wall
and they stick.
		-- Johnny Bob


You are loved by the multitudes.
Have you been to the clinic lately?


Original thought is like original sin: both happened before you were born
to people you could not have possibly met.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


Proof techniques #1: Proof by Induction.

This technique is used on equations with 'n' in them.  Induction
techniques are very popular, even the military use them.

SAMPLE:  Proof of induction without proof of induction.

	We know it's true for n equal to 1.  Now assume that it's true
for every natural number less than n.  N is arbitrary, so we can take n
as large as we want.  If n is sufficiently large, the case of n+1 is
trivially equivalent, so the only important n are n less than n.  We can
take n = n (from above), so it's true for n+1 because it's just about n.
	QED.	(QED translates from the Latin as "So what?")


Never negotiate with the United States unless you have a nuclear
weapon.
		-- Former deputy defense minister of India


STANDARDS:
	The principles we use to reject other people's code.


There's nothing like the face of a kid eating a Hershey bar.


Oh wearisome condition of humanity!
Born under one law, to another bound.
		-- Fulke Greville, Lord Brooke


Contrary to popular belief, penguins are not the salvation of modern
technology.  Neither do they throw parties for the urban proletariat.


Carson's Observation on Footwear:
	If the shoe fits, buy the other one too.


The easiest way to figure the cost of living is to take your income and
add ten percent.


UNIX was half a billion (500000000) seconds old on
Tue Nov  5 00:53:20 1985 GMT (measuring since the time(2) epoch).
		-- Andrew S. Tanenbaum


There is more to life than increasing its speed.
		-- Mohandas K. Gandhi


It is impossible to enjoy idling thoroughly
unless one has plenty of work to do.
		-- Jerome Klapka Jerome


If a group of N persons implements a COBOL compiler,
there will be N-1 passes.  Someone in the group has to be the manager.
		-- T. Cheatham


We were happily married for eight months.  Unfortunately, we
were married for four and a half years.
		-- Nick Faldo


Have you seen the well-to-do, up and down Park Avenue?
On that famous thoroughfare, with their noses in the air,
High hats and Arrow collars, white spats and lots of dollars,
Spending every dime, for a wonderful time...
If you're blue and you don't know where to go to,
Why don't you go where fashion sits,
...
Dressed up like a million dollar trooper,
Trying hard to look like Gary Cooper, (super dooper)
Come, let's mix where Rockefeller's walk with sticks,
Or umbrellas, in their mitts,
Puttin' on the Ritz.
...
If you're blue and you don't know where to go to,
Why don't you go where fashion sits,
Puttin' on the Ritz.
Puttin' on the Ritz.
Puttin' on the Ritz.
Puttin' on the Ritz.


Consequences, Schmonsequences, as long as I'm rich.
		-- "Ali Baba Bunny" [1957, Chuck Jones]


Fain would I climb, yet fear I to fall.
		-- Sir Walter Raleigh


The absurd is the essential concept and the first truth.
		-- A. Camus


No matter how clever the hardware boys
are, the software boys piss it away.


Real Time, adj.:
	Here and now, as opposed to fake time, which only occurs there
	and then.


	A novel approach is to remove all power from the system, which
removes most system overhead so that resources can be fully devoted to
doing nothing.  Benchmarks on this technique are promising; tremendous
amounts of nothing can be produced in this manner.  Certain hardware
limitations can limit the speed of this method, especially in the
larger systems which require a more involved & less efficient
power-down sequence.
	An alternate approach is to pull the main breaker for the
building, which seems to provide even more nothing, but in truth has
bugs in it, since it usually inhibits the systems which keep the beer
cool.


Sex without love is an empty experience, but,
as empty experiences go, it's one of the best.
		-- Woody Allen


As they say about Dungeons and Dragons, "Life's a die, and then you bitch."


QUOTE OF THE DAY:

	`



Surprise!  You are the lucky winner of random I.R.S Audit!
Just type in your name and social security number.
Please remember that leaving the room is punishable under law:

Name	#




The greatest joy a man can know is to conquer his enemies and drive them
before him.  To ride their horses and take away their possessions.  To see
the faces of those who were dear to them bedewed with tears, and to clasp
their wives and daughters to his arms.
		-- Chinggis (Genghis) Khan


Ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so.
		-- John Stuart Mill


Why do mathematicians insist on using words that already have another
meaning?  "It is the complex case that is easier to deal with."  "If it
doesn't happen at a corner, but at an edge, it nonetheless happens at a
corner."


Only through hard work and perseverance can one truly suffer.


Q:	How did you get into artificial intelligence?
A:	Seemed logical -- I didn't have any real intelligence.


Prope mare erat tubulator
Qui virginem ingrediebatur.
	Dessine ingressus
	Audivi progressus:
Est mihi inquit tubulator.


Advice from an old carpenter: measure twice, saw once.


	A man went to a doctor to have his penis enlarged.  Well, this
particular procedure involved splicing a baby elephant's trunk onto the
man's penis.  Overjoyed, the man went out with his best girl to a very
fancy restaurant.  After cocktails, the man's penis crept out of his pants,
felt around the table, grabbed a hard roll and quickly disappeared under
the tablecloth.  The girl was startled and exclaimed, "What was that?"
	Suddenly the penis came back, took another hard roll and just as
quickly disappeared.  The girl was silent for a moment, then finally said,
"I don't believe I saw what I think I just saw... can you do that again?"
	With a bit of an uncomfortable smile the man replied, "Honey, I'd
like to, but I don't think my ass can take another hard roll!"


GURU:
	A person in T-shirt and sandals who took an elevator ride with
	a senior vice-president and is ultimately responsible for the
	phone call you are about to receive from your boss.


QOTD:
	"One day, I'd like to wake up in the morning to find that every
	gay and lesbian has lavender skin.  On that morning, I will be
	-- mauve."


Whatever the missing mass of the universe is, I hope it's not
cockroaches!
		-- Mom


QOTD:
	"I tried buying a goat instead of a lawn tractor; had to return
	it though.  Couldn't figure out a way to connect the snow blower."


Dear Ann Landers:
	My husband watches the TV preachers every Sunday.  He claims
one minister said there are 350 different sins.  My husband wants to
know if you can get the list.  He thinks he is missing something.
		-- E.J. Mayfield


Operators mount anything!


	Two Englishmen struck up a conversation with an American in the club
car of a train headed east out of Chicago.
	"I say," queried the younger Englishman, "have you ever been to
London?"
	The American laughed.  "It was my home for two years during the war,"
he said.  "Had some of the wildest times of my life in that old town."
	The older Englishman, a little hard of hearing, asked, "What did
he say, Reggie?"
	"He said he's been to London, father," the younger Englishman
replied.
	After a little lull in the conversation, the young man asked, "You
didn't, by any chance, meet a Hazel Wimbleton in London, did you?"
	The American almost fell off his chair.  "Hot Pants Hazel!" he
exclaimed.  "My God, I shacked up with that horny broad for three months
just before I came back to the States!"
	"What did he say, Reggie?" the older Englishman wanted to know.
	"He says he knows Mother," the younger Englishman responded.


Court, n.:
	A place where they dispense with justice.
		-- Arthur Train


Life is like a sewer.
What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
		-- Tom Lehrer


There is plenty of time before progress goes too far.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


The first rule of intelligent tinkering is to save all the parts.
		-- Paul Erlich


Fortune presents:
	USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #1.

^Cu vi parolas angle?			Do you speak English?
Mi ne komprenas.			I don't understand.
Vi estas la sola esperantisto kiun mi	You're the only Esperanto speaker
	renkontas.				I've met.
La ^ceko estas enpo^stigita.		The check is in the mail.
Oni ne povas, ^gin netrovi.		You can't miss it.
Mi nur rigardadas.			I'm just looking around.
Nu, ^sajnis bona ideo.			Well, it seemed like a good idea.


He who invents adages for others to peruse
takes along rowboat when going on cruise.


Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
		-- Mark Twain


A penny saved is a penny taxed.


It doesn't much signify whom one marries, for one is sure to find out
next morning it was someone else.
		-- Rogers


Someday somebody has got to decide whether the
typewriter is the machine, or the person who operates it.


Many a family tree needs trimming.


Many a man has decided to stay alive not because of the will to live, but
because of the determination not to give assorted surviving bastards the
satisfaction of his death.
		-- Brendan Francis


Why be difficult, when, with just a
little more effort, you can be impossible?


Ladies, here's a hint: If you're playing against a friend who has big
boobs, bring her to the net and make her hit backhand volleys.  That's
the hardest shot for the well endowed.  "I've got to hit over them or
under them, but I can't hit through," Annie Jones used to always moan
to me.  Not having much in my bra, I found it hard to sympathize with
her.
		-- Billie Jean King


Saints should always be judged guilty until they are proved innocent.
		-- George Orwell, "Reflections on Gandhi"


Mathematics deals exclusively with the relations of concepts
to each other without consideration of their relation to experience.
		-- Albert Einstein


Bug, n.:
	An elusive creature living in a program that makes it incorrect.
	The activity of "debugging", or removing bugs from a program, ends
	when people get tired of doing it, not when the bugs are removed.
		-- "Datamation", January 15, 1984


You cannot see the wood for the trees.
		-- John Heywood


The more they over-think the plumbing
the easier it is to stop up the drain.


Once I belonged to a group that really had THE WORD.  I fought like hell
for them.  But another group came along and exposed the word of my group
as shallow and degenerate.  They had a better word.  So I quit the first
group and lost all the friends I had made and I joined up with this new
group.  I fought like hell for them.  But another group came around.  They
exposed the word of my group as false and materialistic.  Their word was
very much better.  So I quit the second group and lost all the friends I
had made.  And I joined up with this new group.  I fought like hell for them.
Till this one guy came along and proved that there wasn't any word at all.
That I should go off as an individual and grow!  So I quit the last group
and lost all the friends I had made.  And now I sit home alone all day and
all I do is grow.  It would be nice to join up with some others who feel
the way I do.
		-- J. Feiffer


"Force is but might," the teacher said--
"That definition's just."
The boy said naught but thought instead,
Remembering his pounded head:
"Force is not might but must!"


The sex life of spiders is very interesting.
He fucks her.
She bites his head off.
		-- From a Women's Lib Poster


You notice that after Ginzburg admitted he had tried marijuana everyone
got in line to admit it, too.  But you also notice they all said they
"experimented" with marijuana.  The didn't "use" it; they "experimented"
with it.  Let me tell you something -- Jonas Salk "experiments"; these
guys were getting stoned!
		-- Johnny Carson


Nobody ever died from oven crude poisoning.


Sweet sixteen is beautiful Bess,
And her voice is changing -- from "No" to "Yes".


Trust your husband, adore your husband,
and get as much as you can in your own name.
		-- Joan Rivers


Suggest you just sit there and wait till life gets easier.


Herth's Law:
	He who turns the other cheek too far gets it in the neck.


It's not hard to admit errors that are [only] cosmetically wrong.
		-- J. K. Galbraith


I B M
U B M
We all B M
For I B M!!!!
		-- H.A.R.L.I.E.


When a man you like switches from what he said a year ago, or four years
ago, he is a broad-minded man who has courage enough to change his mind
with changing conditions.  When a man you don't like does it, he is a
liar who has broken his promises.
		-- Franklin Adams


18th Rule of Friendship:
	A friend will let you hold the ladder while he goes up on the roof
	to install your new aerial, which is the biggest son-of-a-bitch you
	ever saw.
		-- Esquire, May 1977


	I for one cannot protest the recent M.T.A. fare hike and the
accompanying promises that this would in no way improve service.  For
the transit system, as it now operates, has hidden advantages that
can't be measured in monetary terms.
	Personally, I feel that it is well worth 75 cents or even $1 to
have that unimpeachable excuse whenever I am late to anything:  "I came
by subway."  Those four words have such magic in them that if Godot
should someday show up and mumble them, any audience would instantly
understand his long delay.


And yet, seasons must be taken with a grain of salt, for they too have a
sense of humor, as does history.  Corn stalks comedy, comedy stalks tragedy,
and this too is historic.  And yet, still, when corn meets tragedy face to
face, we have politics.
		-- Dalglish, Larsen and Sutherland,
		   "Root Crops and Ground Cover"


You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
		-- Indira Gandhi


Holy Dilemma!  Is this the end for the Caped Crusader and the Boy Wonder?
Will the Joker and the Riddler have the last laugh?

	Tune in again tomorrow:
	same Bat-time, same Bat-channel!


	When the noted playwright George Bernard Shaw sent him two tickets to
the opening night of his new play with a note that read: "Bring a friend, if
you have one," Churchill, not to be outdone, promptly wired back: "You and
your play can go fuck yourselves."
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


Go slowly to the entertainments of thy friends,
but quickly to their misfortunes.
		-- Chilo


The Israelites were all waiting anxiously at the foot of the mountain,
knowing that Moses had had a tough day negotiating with God over the
Commandments.  Finally a tired Moses came into sight.
	"I've got some good news and some bad news, folks," he said.  "The
good news is that I got Him down to ten.  The bad news is that adultery's
still in."


He who walks on burning coals is sure to get burned.
		-- Sinbad


My brother-in-law has found a way to make ends meet.  He goes around
with his head stuck up his ass.


Welcome to boggle - do you want instructions?

D    G    G    O

O    Y    A    N

A    D    B    T

K    I    S    P
Enter words:
>


If you live in a country run by committee, be on the committee.
		-- Graham Summer


The reason people sweat is so they won't catch fire when making love.
		-- Don Rose


Ginsberg's Theorem:
	1. You can't win.
	2. You can't break even.
	3. You can't even quit the game.

Freeman's Commentary on Ginsberg's theorem:
	Every major philosophy that attempts to make life seem
	meaningful is based on the negation of one part of Ginsberg's
	Theorem.  To wit:

	1. Capitalism is based on the assumption that you can win.
	2. Socialism is based on the assumption that you can break even.
	3. Mysticism is based on the assumption that you can quit the game.


A wizard cannot do everything; a fact most magicians are reticent to admit,
let alone discuss with prospective clients.  Still, the fact remains that
there are certain objects, and people, that are, for one reason or another,
completely immune to any direct magical spell.  It is for this group of
beings that the magician learns the subtleties of using indirect spells.
It also does no harm, in dealing with these matters, to carry a large club
near your person at all times.
		-- The Teachings of Ebenezum, Volume VIII


Utility is when you have one telephone, luxury is when you have two,
opulence is when you have three -- and paradise is when you have none.
		-- Doug Larson


I myself have dreamed up a structure intermediate between Dyson spheres
and planets.  Build a ring 93 million miles in radius -- one Earth orbit
-- around the sun.  If we have the mass of Jupiter to work with, and if
we make it a thousand miles wide, we get a thickness of about a thousand
feet for the base.

And it has advantages.  The Ringworld will be much sturdier than a Dyson
sphere.  We can spin it on its axis for gravity.  A rotation speed of 770
m/s will give us a gravity of one Earth normal.  We wouldn't even need to
roof it over.  Place walls one thousand miles high at each edge, facing the
sun.  Very little air will leak over the edges.

Lord knows the thing is roomy enough.  With three million times the surface
area of the Earth, it will be some time before anyone complains of the
crowding.
		-- Larry Niven, "Ringworld"


Booze is the answer.  I don't remember the question.


A 6'8", 280-pound Southerner walked into a NY bar, sat down next to a
patron, and said, "Ah'm big, and ah'm bad, and I *loves* to fuck Northern
women!"  The guy was so terrified that he put down his beer and ran out
of the bar.
	The Rebel moved over to the next guy and said, "Ah'm big and ah'm
bad and I *loves* to fuck New York women."  The guy took one look at him,
blanched and ran out of the bar.
	The man then went over to a short little guy with "Bronx" written
all over him.  "Ah'm big and ah'm bad and I *loves* to fuck your sister."
	The short guy looked him up and down and said, "I don't blame
you one bit.  She's *got* to be an improvement on yours."


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(31) To more and more American intellectuals, a victorious United States
     is a sinful United States.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


People often find it easier to be a
result of the past than a cause of the future.


X windows:
	It's not how slow you make it.  It's how you make it slow.
	The windowing system preferred by masochists 3 to 1.
	Built to take on the world... and lose!
	Don't try it 'til you've knocked it.
	Power tools for Power Fools.
	Putting new limits on productivity.
	The closer you look, the cruftier we look.
	Design by counterexample.
	A new level of software disintegration.
	No hardware is safe.
	Do your time.
	Rationalization, not realization.
	Old-world software cruftsmanship at its finest.
	Gratuitous incompatibility.
	Your mother.
	THE user interference management system.
	You can't argue with failure.
	You haven't died 'til you've used it.

The environment of today... tomorrow!
	X windows.


		     JACK AND THE BEANSTACK
			  by Mark Isaak

	Long ago, in a finite state far away, there lived a JOVIAL
character named Jack.  Jack and his relations were poor.  Often their
hash table was bare.  One day Jack's parent said to him, "Our matrices
are sparse.  You must go to the market to exchange our RAM for some
BASICs."  She compiled a linked list of items to retrieve and passed it
to him.
	So Jack set out.  But as he was walking along a Hamilton path,
he met the traveling salesman.
	"Whither dost thy flow chart take thou?" prompted the salesman
in high-level language.
	"I'm going to the market to exchange this RAM for some chips
and Apples," commented Jack.
	"I have a much better algorithm.  You needn't join a queue
there; I will swap your RAM for these magic kernels now."
	Jack made the trade, then backtracked to his house.  But when
he told his busy-waiting parent of the deal, she became so angry she
started thrashing.
	"Don't you even have any artificial intelligence?  All these
kernels together hardly make up one byte," and she popped them out the
window ...


They told me you had proven it		When they discovered our results
About a month before.			Their hair began to curl
The proof was valid, more or less	Instead of understanding it
But rather less than more.		We'd run the thing through PRL.

He sent them word that we would try	Don't tell a soul about all this
To pass where they had failed		For it must ever be
And after we were done, to them		A secret, kept from all the rest
The new proof would be mailed.		Between yourself and me.

My notion was to start again
Ignoring all they'd done
We quickly turned it into code
To see if it would run.


Davis' Law of Traffic Density:
	The density of rush-hour traffic is directly proportional to
	1.5 times the amount of extra time you allow to arrive on time.


You are now in Atlanta, Georgia.
Please set your clocks back 200 years.


A man may be so much of everything that he is nothing of anything.
		-- Samuel Johnson


Bug, n.:
	An aspect of a computer program which exists because the
programmer was thinking about Jumbo Jacks or stock options when s/he
wrote the program.

Fortunately, the second-to-last bug has just been fixed.
		-- Ray Simard


Cocaine's a joke!
	(Who's got the next line?)


