Peter's hungry, time to eat lunch.


Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"

Whenever one person is found adequate to the discharge of a duty by
close application thereto, it is worse execute by two persons and
scarcely done at all if three or more are employed therein.
		-- George Washington (1732-1799)


We rarely find anyone who can say he has lived a happy life, and who,
content with his life, can retire from the world like a satisfied guest.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Art is a jealous mistress.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


It is dangerous for a national candidate to say things that people might
remember.
		-- Eugene McCarthy


Anything free is worth what you pay for it.


A government that is big enough to give you all you want is big enough
to take it all away.
		-- Barry Goldwater


Live within your income, even if you have to borrow to do so.
		-- Josh Billings


Conversation enriches the understanding,
but solitude is the school of genius.


Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
		-- Albert Einstein


		     JACK AND THE BEANSTACK
			  by Mark Isaak

	Long ago, in a finite state far away, there lived a JOVIAL
character named Jack.  Jack and his relations were poor.  Often their
hash table was bare.  One day Jack's parent said to him, "Our matrices
are sparse.  You must go to the market to exchange our RAM for some
BASICs."  She compiled a linked list of items to retrieve and passed it
to him.
	So Jack set out.  But as he was walking along a Hamilton path,
he met the traveling salesman.
	"Whither dost thy flow chart take thou?" prompted the salesman
in high-level language.
	"I'm going to the market to exchange this RAM for some chips
and Apples," commented Jack.
	"I have a much better algorithm.  You needn't join a queue
there; I will swap your RAM for these magic kernels now."
	Jack made the trade, then backtracked to his house.  But when
he told his busy-waiting parent of the deal, she became so angry she
started thrashing.
	"Don't you even have any artificial intelligence?  All these
kernels together hardly make up one byte," and she popped them out the
window ...


Honk if you hate bumper stickers that say "Honk if ..."


In the shade of the old apple tree
Where between her fat legs I could see
	A little brown spot
	With the hair in a knot,
And it certainly looked good to me.

I asked as I tickled her tit
If she thought that my big thing would fit.
	She said it would do
	So we had a good screw		In the shade of the old apple tree
In the shade of the old apple tree.	I got all that was coming to me.
						In the soft dewy grass
I could hear the dull buzz of the bee		I had a fine piece of ass
As he sunk his grub hooks into me.	From a maiden that was fine to see.
	Her ass it was fine
	But you should have seen mine
In the shade of the old apple tree.


Nothing is but what is not.


I guess the Little League is even littler than we thought.
		-- D. Cavett


Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set:

PI	Punch Invalid
POPI	Punch Operator Immediately
PVLC	Punch Variable Length Card
RASC	Read And Shred Card
RPM	Read Programmers Mind
RSSC	Reduce Speed, Step Carefully (for improved accuracy)
RTAB	Rewind Tape and Break
RWDSK	Rewind Disk
RWOC	Read Writing On Card
SCRBL	Scribble to disk - faster than a write
SLC	Search for Lost Chord
SPSW	Scramble Program Status Word
SRSD	Seek Record and Scar Disk
STROM	Store in Read Only Memory
TDB	Transfer and Drop Bit
WBT	Water Binary Tree


I either want less decadence or more chance to participate in it.


A Mormon is a man that has the bad taste and the religion to do what a
good many other people are restrained from doing by conscientious
scruples and the police.
		-- Mr. Dooley


Only a mediocre person is always at his best.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


	Moving along a dimly light street, a man I know was suddenly
approached by a stranger who had slipped from the shadows nearby.
	"Please, sir," pleaded the stranger, "would you be so kind as
to help a poor unfortunate fellow who is hungry and can't find work?
All I have in the world is this gun."


This fortune brought to you by:
$FreeBSD: releng/10.1/games/fortune/datfiles/fortunes 268755 2014-07-16 12:41:50Z gavin $


I have ways of making money that you know nothing of.
		-- John D. Rockefeller


I regret to say that we of the F.B.I. are powerless to act in cases of
oral-genital intimacy, unless it has in some way obstructed interstate
commerce.
		-- J. Edgar Hoover


HOST SYSTEM NOT RESPONDING, PROBABLY DOWN. DO YOU WANT TO WAIT? (Y/N)


Draft beer, not people


Shedenhelm's Law:
	All trails have more uphill sections
	than they have downhill sections.


The climate of Bombay is such that its inhabitants have to live elsewhere.


The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor
prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively,
or to the people.
		-- U.S. Constitution, Amendment 10. (Bill of Rights)


Documentation is the castor oil of programming.  Managers know it must
be good because the programmers hate it so much.


Modern psychology takes completely for granted that behavior and neural
function are perfectly correlated, that one is completely caused by the
other.  There is no separate soul or lifeforce to stick a finger into the
brain now and then and make neural cells do what they would not otherwise.
Actually, of course, this is a working assumption only. ... It is quite
conceivable that someday the assumption will have to be rejected.  But it
is important also to see that we have not reached that day yet: the working
assumption is a necessary one and there is no real evidence opposed to it.
Our failure to solve a problem so far does not make it insoluble.  One cannot
logically be a determinist in physics and biology, and a mystic in psychology.
		-- D. O. Hebb, "Organization of Behavior:
		   A Neuropsychological Theory", 1949


Love is dope, not chicken soup.  I mean, love is something to be passed
around freely, not spooned down someone's throat for their own good by a
Jewish mother who cooked it all by herself.


During the Reagan-Mondale debates:

Q:	"Do you feel that a person's age affects his ability to
		perform as president?"
Reagan:	"I refuse to make an issue out of my opponent's youth and
		inexperience."


It's not an optical illusion, it just looks like one.
		-- Phil White


O Lord, grant that we may always be right,
for Thou knowest we will never change our minds.


When the usher noticed a man stretched across three seats in a movie theatre,
he walked over and whispered, "I'm sorry, sir, but you're allowed only a single
seat." The man moaned, but did not budge.  "Sir," the user said more loudly,
"if you don't move, I'll have to call a manager."  The man moaned again but
stayed where he was. The usher left, and returned with the manager, who, after
several more attempts at dislodging the fellow, called the police.
	The cop took a look at the reclining man and said, "All right, boyo,
what's your name?"
	"Samuel," he mumbled.
	"And where're you from, Sam?"
	"The balcony."


A fake fortuneteller can be tolerated.  But an authentic soothsayer
should be shot on sight.  Cassandra did not get half the kicking around
she deserved.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


The ecumenical movement has reached a milestone with the agreement on the
text of the first Jewish-Catholic prayer -- one that begins "Oy vay, Maria".


Succumb to natural tendencies.  Be hateful and boring.


When the fog came in on little cat feet last night, it left these little
muddy paw prints on the hood of my car.


God is not dead!  He's alive and autographing bibles at Cody's.


I had a feeling once about mathematics -- that I saw it all.  Depth beyond
depth was revealed to me -- the Byss and the Abyss. I saw -- as one might
see the transit of Venus or even the Lord Mayor's Show -- a quantity passing
through infinity and changing its sign from plus to minus.  I saw exactly
why it happened and why tergiversation was inevitable -- but it was after
dinner and I let it go.
		-- Winston Churchill


Man who falls in vat of molten optical glass makes spectacle of self.


Premenstrual Syndrome:
	Just before their periods women behave the way men do all the time.


Friction is a drag.


...all the modern inconveniences...
		-- Mark Twain


She wasn't what one could call pretty
And other girls offered her pity,
	So nobody guessed
	That her Wasserman test
Involved half the men in the city.


Being asked solicitously about the state of her health was becoming bothersome
to the pregnant woman at the cocktail party.  And yet another guest went over
and inquired, "Well, how are you feeling these days?"
	"Not too well," said the expectant mother.  "You know, I've missed
seven or eight periods now and it's beginning to worry me."


Grabel's Law:
	2 is not equal to 3 -- not even for large values of 2.


He could be a poster child for retroactive birth control.


	The world's most avid baseball fan (an Aggie) had arrived at the
stadium for the first game of the World Series only to realize he had left
his ticket at home.  Not wanting to miss any of the first inning, he went
to the ticket booth and got in a long line for another seat.  After an hour's
wait he was just a few feet from the booth when a voice called out, "Hey,
Dave!"  The Aggie looked up, stepped out of line and tried to find the owner
of the voice -- with no success.  Then he realized he had lost his place in
line and had to wait all over again.  When the fan finally bought his ticket,
he was thirsty, so he went to buy a drink.  The line at the concession stand
was long, too, but since the game hadn't started he decided to wait.  Just as
he got to the window, a voice called out, "Hey, Dave!"  Again the Aggie tried
to find the voice -- but no luck.  He was very upset as he got back in line
for his drink.  Finally the fan went to his seat, eager for the game to begin.
As he waited for the pitch, he heard the voice calling, "Hey Dave!" once more.
Furious, he stood up and yelled at the top of his lungs, "My name is not
Dave!"


Pause for storage relocation.


What's all this bru-ha-ha?


In the days of old,
When Knights were bold,
	And women were too cautious;
Oh, those gallant days,
When women were women,
	And men were really obnoxious.


Blutarsky's Axiom:
	Nothing is impossible for the man who will not listen to reason.


You are lost in the Swamps of Despair.


Culture is the habit of being pleased with the best and knowing why.


I'll turn over a new leaf.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #7

OUT OF "OUT OF AFRICA":
	This film is a compilation of selected news clips depicting audiences
	frantically pushing and shoving to get out of theatres where "Out of
	Africa" is showing.  Many people are trampled to death in the frenzy.
	Due to its violence and offensive language, not recommended for
	younger viewers.


Phone call for chucky-pooh.


I think the Mormon prophet
Was a very funny man.
I wonder how his wives enjoyed
His Prophet Sharing Plan.


A woman forgives the audacity of which
her beauty has prompted us to be guilty.
		-- LeSage


I read a column by George Will that Scarface should be rated X because
parents were taking their children to see it.  So what?  Why should the
motion-picture industry be responsible for our morality?
	Dad says to Mom, "Honey, Scarface is in town."
	"What's it about?"
	"Human scum who kill each other over cocaine deals."
	"Sounds great!  Let's take the kids!"
		-- Ian Shoales


It is better to have loved a short man than never to have loved a tall.


May Euell Gibbons eat your only copy of the manual!


Ditat Deus.  (God enriches.)


I'm N-ary the tree, I am,
N-ary the tree, I am, I am.
I'm getting traversed by the parser next door,
She's traversed me seven times before.
And ev'ry time it was an N-ary (N-ary!)
Never wouldn't ever do a binary. (No sir!)
I'm 'er eighth tree that was N-ary.
N-ary the tree I am, I am,
N-ary the tree I am.
		-- Stolen from Paul Revere and the Raiders


I have no right, by anything I do or say, to demean a human being in his
own eyes.  What matters is not what I think of him; it is what he thinks
of himself.  To undermine a man's self-respect is a sin.
		-- Antoine de Saint-Exupery


Look out for yourself -- or they'll pee on your grave.
		-- Louis B. Mayer

The reason so many people showed up at Louis B. Mayer's funeral
was because they wanted to make sure he was dead.
		-- Samuel Goldwyn


If you put it off long enough, it might go away.


Two heads are better than one.
		-- John Heywood


Every man takes the limits of his own field
of vision for the limits of the world.
		-- Schopenhauer


We don't know who discovered water, but we're certain it wasn't a fish.


No brainer, n.:
	A decision which, viewed through the retrospectoscope,
	is "obvious" to those who failed to make it originally.


Oh, I am a C programmer and I'm okay
	I muck with indices and structs all day
And when it works, I shout hoo-ray
	Oh, I am a C programmer and I'm okay


Hear about...
	the fellow who got ten years for pumping Ethyl behind the station?


He:	"If I made love to you, would you yell?"
She:	"What do you want me to yell?"
		-- Benny Hill


If you stand on your head, you will get footprints in your hair.


Have the courage to take your own thoughts
seriously, for they will shape you.
		-- Albert Einstein


After this was written there appeared a remarkable posthumous memoir that
throws some doubt on Millikan's leading role in these experiments.  Harvey
Fletcher (1884-1981), who was a graduate student at the University of Chicago,
at Millikan's suggestion worked on the measurement of electronic charge for
his doctoral thesis, and co-authored some of the early papers on this subject
with Millikan.  Fletcher left a manuscript with a friend with instructions
that it be published after his death; the manuscript was published in
Physics Today, June 1982, page 43.  In it, Fletcher claims that he was the
first to do the experiment with oil drops, was the first to measure charges on
single droplets, and may have been the first to suggest the use of oil.
According to Fletcher, he had expected to be co-authored with Millikan on
the crucial first article announcing the measurement of the electronic
charge, but was talked out of this by Millikan.
		-- Steven Weinberg, "The Discovery of Subatomic Particles"

Robert Millikan is generally credited with making the first really
precise measurement of the charge on an electron and was awarded the
Nobel Prize in 1923.


Never trust anybody whose arm is bigger than your leg.


Sears has everything.


The great secret in life ... [is] not to open your letters for a fortnight.
At the expiration of that period you will find that nearly all of them have
answered themselves.
		-- Arthur Binstead


Life is like a tin of sardines.
We're, all of us, looking for the key.
		-- Beyond the Fringe


Mencken and Nathan's Second Law of The Average American:
	All the postmasters in small towns read all the postcards.


There is no delight the equal of dread.
As long as it is somebody else's.
		-- Clive Barker


Little Boy Blue -- He needed the money.
		-- Andrew "Dice" Clay


...the most exquisitely squalid hells known to middle-class man:
freshman English at a Midwestern university.
		-- Tom Wolfe


I've always considered statesmen to be more expendable than soldiers.


Never trust an automatic pistol or a D.A.'s deal.
		-- John Dillinger


My own life has been spent chronicling the rise and fall of human systems,
and I am convinced that we are terribly vulnerable.  ...  We should be
reluctant to turn back upon the frontier of this epoch. Space is indifferent
to what we do; it has no feeling, no design, no interest in whether or not
we grapple with it. But we cannot be indifferent to space, because the grand,
slow march of intelligence has brought us, in our generation, to a point
from which we can explore and understand and utilize it. To turn back now
would be to deny our history, our capabilities.
		-- James A. Michener


Senor Castro has been accused of communist sympathies, but this means very
little since all opponents of the regime are automatically called communists.
In fact he is further to the right than General Batista.
		-- "Cuba's Rightist Rebel", The Economist, April 26, 1958


To vacillate or not to vacillate, that is the question ... or is it?


Children are unpredictable.  You never know what inconsistency they're
going to catch you in next.
		-- Franklin P. Jones


If a person (a) is poorly, (b) receives treatment intended to make him better,
and (c) gets better, then no power of reasoning known to medical science can
convince him that it may not have been the treatment that restored his health.
		-- Sir Peter Medawar, "The Art of the Soluble"


Children are natural mimics who act like their parents
despite every effort to teach them good manners.


You men out there probably think you already know how to dress for
success.  You know, for example, that you should not wear leisure suits
or white plastic belts and shoes, unless you are going to a costume
party disguised as a pig farmer vacationing at Disney World.
		-- Dave Barry, "How to Dress for Real Success"


Learning without thought is labor lost;
thought without learning is perilous.
		-- Confucius


Alexander Graham Bell is alive and well
in New York, and still waiting for a dial tone.


Condoms are the feminists' revenge on men for diaphragms.
		-- Robin Williams


All the men on my staff can type.
		-- Bella Abzug


Any given program will expand to fill available memory.


The bustard's a remarkable fowl
With surely no reason to growl
	He escapes what would be
	Illegitimacy
By the grace of a fortunate vowel.


