Best Beer: A panel of tasters assembled by the Consumer's Union in 1969
judged Coors and Miller's High Life to be among the very best. Those who
doubt that beer is a serious subject might ponder its effect on American
history. For example, New England's first colonists decided to drop anchor
at Plymouth Rock instead of continuing on to Virginia because, as one of
them put it, "We could not now take time for further consideration, our
victuals being spent and especially our beer."
		-- Felton & Fowler's Best, Worst & Most Unusual


An interpretation I satisfies a sentence in the table language if and only if
each entry in the table designates the value of the function designated by the
function constant in the upper-left corner applied to the objects designated
by the corresponding row and column labels.
		-- Genesereth & Nilsson,
		   "Logical foundations of Artificial Intelligence"


And it should be the law: If you use the word `paradigm' without knowing
what the dictionary says it means, you go to jail.  No exceptions.
		-- David Jones


Couples in motion have moments.


The fact that Hitler was a political genius unmasks the nature of politics
in general as no other can.
		-- Wilhelm Reich


If you stick your head in the sand,
one thing is for sure, you're gonna get your rear kicked.


HELP!  MY TYPEWRITER IS BROKEN!
		-- E. E. CUMMINGS


I hold it, that a little rebellion, now and then, is a good thing...
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Remember the... the... uhh.....


For the fashion of Minas Tirith was such that it was built on seven levels,
each delved into a hill, and about each was set a wall, and in each wall
was a gate.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien, "The Return of the King"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to system overview.]



THE BEATLES:
	Paul McCartney's old back-up band.


If I could reach, I'd never leave the house.
		-- George Carlin


Still looking for the glorious results of my misspent youth.
Say, do you have a map to the next joint?


No self-respecting fish would want to be wrapped in that kind of
paper.
		-- Mike Royko on the Chicago Sun-Times after it was
		   taken over by Rupert Murdoch


A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Portrait of Mr. W. H."


We give advice, but we cannot give the wisdom to profit by it.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


Life is not a cabaret.
It's a fucking circus.


Postmen never die, they just lose their zip.


A healthy male adult bore consumes each year one and a half times his own
weight in other people's patience.
		-- John Updike


One hundred and one uses for canned peaches.
One hundred and two if you plan to eat them.


The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Help!  I'm trapped in a Chinese computer factory!


Hollerith, v.:
	What thou doest when thy phone is on the fritzeth.


	If the tao is great, then the operating system is great.  If the
operating system is great, then the compiler is great.  If the compiler
is great, then the application is great.  If the application is great, then
the user is pleased and there is harmony in the world.
	The tao gave birth to machine language.  Machine language gave birth
to the assembler.
	The assembler gave birth to the compiler.  Now there are ten thousand
languages.
	Each language has its purpose, however humble.  Each language
expresses the yin and yang of software.  Each language has its place within
the tao.
	But do not program in Cobol or Fortran if you can help it.


A distraught patient phoned her doctor's office.  "Was it true," the woman
inquired, "that the medication the doctor had prescribed was for the rest
of her life?"
	She was told that it was.  There was just a moment of silence before
the woman proceeded bravely on.  "Well, I'm wondering, then, how serious my
condition is.  This prescription is marked `NO REFILLS'".


QOTD:
	"If I could walk that way, I wouldn't need the aftershave."


Mother said there would be days like this, but she never said there
would be so many.


She's learned to say things with her eyes
that others waste time putting into words.


You're growing out of some of your problems,
but there are others that you're growing into.


You will be awarded some great honor.


We thrive on euphemism.  We call multi-megaton bombs "Peace-keepers", closet
size apartments "efficient" and incomprehensible artworks "innovative".  In
fact, "euphemism" has become a euphemism for "bald-faced lie".  And now, here
are the euphemisms so colorfully employed in Personal Ads:

EUPHEMISM			REALITY
-------------------		-------------------------
Independent thinker		Crazy
High spirited			Crazy and hyperactive
Free spirited			Crazy and irresponsible
Outrageous			Crazy and obnoxious
Exotic				Crazy with a pierced nose/nipple
Cuddly				Overweight
Huggable/Zaftig/Rubenesque	Fat (there's a lot to love)
Big and beautiful		Really Fat
Fat 'n' sassy			Really Fat and loud
Svelte/Slender			Anorexic
Dynamic				Pushy
Assertive			Pushy with a mean streak
Feisty/Ambitious		Would kill own mother for next corporate rung
Demanding			Will make your life a living hell
Looking for Mr./Ms. Right	Looking for Mr./Ms. Rich


The minute a man is convinced that he is interesting, he isn't.


HERMIT:
	A man who'd rather get off by himself.


I was in a bar and I walked up to a beautiful woman and said, "Do you live
around here often?"  She said, "You're wearing two different-color socks."
I said, "Yes, but to me they're the same because I go by thickness."
She said, "How do you feel?" And I said, "You know when you're sitting on a
chair and you lean back so you're just on two legs and you lean too far so
you almost fall over but at the last second you catch yourself?  I feel like
that all the time."
		-- Steven Wright, "Gentlemen's Quarterly"


When things go well, expect something to
explode, erode, collapse or just disappear.


The Worst Musical Trio
	There are few bad musicians who have a chance to give a recital at
a famous concert hall while still learning the rudiments of their
instrument.  This happened about thirty years ago to the son of a Rumanian
gentleman who was owed a personal favour by Georges Enesco, the celebrated
violinist.  Enesco agreed to give lessons to the son who was quite
unhampered by great musical talent.
	Three years later the boy's father insisted that he give a public
concert.  "His aunt said that nobody plays the violin better than he does.
A cousin heard him the other day and screamed with enthusiasm."  Although
Enesco feared the consequences, he arranged a recital at the Salle Gaveau
in Paris.  However, nobody bought a ticket since the soloist was unknown.
	"Then you must accompany him on the piano," said the boy's father,
"and it will be a sell out."
	Reluctantly, Enesco agreed and it was.  On the night an excited
audience gathered.  Before the concert began Enesco became nervous and
asked for someone to turn his pages.
	In the audience was Alfred Cortot, the brilliant pianist, who
volunteered and made his way to the stage.
	The soloist was of uniformly low standard and next morning the
music critic of Le Figaro wrote: "There was a strange concert at the Salle
Gaveau last night.  The man whom we adore when he plays the violin played
the piano.  Another whom we adore when he plays the piano turned the pages.
But the man who should have turned the pages played the violin."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Love IS what it's cracked up to be.


I bet you think you're pretty cool driving around without auto insurance.
You're probably saying to yourself, "I'm beating the system."  But what's
going to happen when you get pulled over and lose your license because
you're not insured.  What girl's going to ride shotgun on a ten-speed on
a Saturday Night?  Yeah, you're going to be beating more than the system...
		-- auto insurance ad, heard on KNAC, Long Beach


3 syncs represent the trinity -- init, the child and the eternal zombie
process.  In doing 3, you're paying homage to each and I think such
traditions are important in this shallow, mercurial business we find
ourselves in.
		-- Jordan K. Hubbard


Sushi, n.:
	When that-which-may-still-be-alive is put on top of rice and
	strapped on with electrical tape.


That's always the way when you discover
something new; everyone thinks you're crazy.
		-- Evelyn E. Smith


Whoever tells a lie cannot be pure in heart -- and only the
pure in heart can make a good soup.
		-- Ludwig van Beethoven


Accept people for what they are -- completely unacceptable.


A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.


To err is human; to admit it, a blunder.


Fairy Tale, n.:
	A horror story to prepare children for the newspapers.


I don't mind what Congress does, as long as they don't do it in the
streets and frighten the horses.
		-- Victor Hugo


For three days after death hair and fingernails
continue to grow, but phone calls taper off.
		-- Johnny Carson


An engineer, a physicist and a mathematician find themselves in an
anecdote, indeed an anecdote quite similar to many that you have no doubt
already heard.  After some observations and rough calculations the
engineer realizes the situation and starts laughing.  A few minutes later
the physicist understands too and chuckles to himself happily as he now
has enough experimental evidence to publish a paper.  This leaves the
mathematician somewhat perplexed, as he had observed right away that he
was the subject of an anecdote, and deduced quite rapidly the presence of
humour from similar anecdotes, but considers this anecdote to be too
trivial a corollary to be significant, let alone funny.


As part of an equal opportunity project, a memo was sent to all the offices
within External Affairs asking for "A list of all employees broken down by
sex."
	One of the memos was returned with the notation: "I'm sorry: we
know of nobody in this office who fits your criteria.  We do, however,
have two alcoholics."


					MOUNTIES:
I'm a lumberjack and I'm OK,		He's a lumberjack and he's OK,
I sleep all night and I work all day.	He sleeps all night and he works
					all day.

I cut down trees, I eat my lunch,	He cuts down trees, he eats his lunch,
I go to the lavatory.			He goes to the lavatory.
On Wednesday I go shopping,		On Wednesday he goes shopping,
And have buttered scones for tea.	And has buttered scones for tea.

I cut down trees, I skip and jump,	He cuts down trees, he skips and jumps,
I like to press wild flowers,		He likes to press wild flowers.
I put on women's clothing,		He puts on women's clothing,
And hang around in bars.		And hangs around in bars.

I cut down trees, I wear high heels,	He cuts down trees, he wears high heels,
Suspenders and a bra.			Suspenders?  and a bra?
I wish I'd been a girlie,		That's rude...
Just like my dear Pappa.


There is no likelihood man can ever tap the power of the atom.
		-- Robert Millikan, Nobel Prize in Physics, 1923


If you can believe ten impossible things before breakfast, then you
should join

		THE CHURCH OF COUNTERFACTUAL BELIEF

The Church of Counterfactual Belief has been set up to cater to all who
don't allow demonstrable truth to get in the way of their beliefs.  In
addition to creation science and the flatness of the earth, the
following beliefs have been certified by Pope Duane as Church dogma:

    --  That there is a hole in the Earth at the North Pole from which
	UFOs come.
    --  That pi equals precisely 3.000.
    --  That sex can be enjoyed only by blacks and homosexuals.
    --  That Billy Joe Wilson (Hoopla, Miss.) has successfully squared
	the circle.
    --  That Harry Truman is still president, and doing a fine job.
    --  That pi equals precisely 22/7.

Several other important counterfactual beliefs are presently being
studied, including Reaganomics, A.I., and that the moon landings were
done in a Hollywood special effects studio.  These will be the subject
of a forthcoming Papal Bull ...


Birth, copulation and death.
That's all the facts when you come to brass tacks;
Birth, copulation and death.
		-- T.S. Elliot, "Sweeney Agonistes"


Honk if you love peace and quiet.


Join the army, see the world, meet interesting,
exciting people, and kill them.


Destiny is a good thing to accept when it's going your way. When it isn't,
don't call it destiny; call it injustice, treachery, or simple bad luck.
		-- Joseph Heller, "God Knows"


As you reach for the web, a venomous spider appears.  Unable to pull
your hand away in time, the spider promptly, but politely, bites you.
The venom takes affect quickly causing your lips to turn plaid along
with your complexion.  You become dazed, and in your stupor you fall
from the limbs of the tree.  Snap!  Your head falls off and rolls all
over the ground.  The instant before you croak, you hear the whoosh of
a vacuum being filled by the air surrounding your head.  Worse yet, the
spider is suing you for damages.


Self-abuse is the most certain road to the grave.
		-- Dr. George M. Calhoun (1855)


Bistromathics is simply a revolutionary new way of understanding the
behavior of numbers.  Just as Einstein observed that space was not an
absolute, but depended on the observer's movement in space, and that
time was not an absolute, but depended on the observer's movement in
time, so it is now realized that numbers are not absolute, but depend
on the observer's movement in restaurants.
		-- Douglas Adams, "Life, The Universe and Everything"


Fine day for friends.
So-so day for you.


Our vision is to speed up time, eventually eliminating it.
		-- Alex Schure


Dear Emily:
	How can I choose what groups to post in?
		-- Confused

Dear Confused:
	Pick as many as you can, so that you get the widest audience.  After
all, the net exists to give you an audience.  Ignore those who suggest you
should only use groups where you think the article is highly appropriate.
Pick all groups where anybody might even be slightly interested.
	Always make sure followups go to all the groups.  In the rare event
that you post a followup which contains something original, make sure you
expand the list of groups.  Never include a "Followup-to:" line in the
header, since some people might miss part of the valuable discussion in
the fringe groups.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette


I've got all the money I'll ever need if I die by 4 o'clock.
		-- Henny Youngman


Passwords are implemented as a result of insecurity.


Do not handicap your children by making their lives easy.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


The streets were dark with something more than night.
		-- Raymond Chandler


The amount of time between slipping on the peel and landing on the
pavement is precisely 1 bananosecond.


Little Mary on the ice,
Went out to have a frisk,
Now wasn't little Mary nice,
Her pretty *?


Polymer physicists are into chains.


Every journalist has a novel in him, which is an excellent place for it.


	An Englishman, a Frenchman and an American are captured by cannibals.
The leader of the tribe comes up to them and says, "Even though you are about
to killed, your deaths will not be in vain.  Every part of your body will be
used.  Your flesh will be eaten, for my people are hungry.  Your hair will be
woven into clothing, for my people are naked.  Your bones will be ground up
and made into medicine, for my people are sick.  Your skin will be stretched
over canoe frames, for my people need transportation.  We are a fair people,
and we offer you a chance to kill yourself with our ceremonial knife."
	The Englishman accepts the knife and yells, "God Save the Queen",
while plunging the knife into his heart.
	The Frenchman removes the knife from the fallen body, and yells,
"Vive la France", while plunging the knife into his heart.
	The American removes the knife from the fallen body, and yells,
while stabbing himself all over his body, "Here's your lousy canoe!"


ACCEPTANCE TESTING:
	An unsuccessful attempt to find bugs.


Manly's Maxim:
	Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion
	with confidence.


Q:	What's the difference between a dog and a fox?
A:	About four drinks.


A help wanted add for a photo journalist asked the rhetorical question:

If you found yourself in a situation where you could either save
a drowning man, or you could take a Pulitzer prize winning
photograph of him drowning, what shutter speed and setting would
you use?

		-- Paul Harvey


An American, a Frenchman, and a Vietnamese refugee had a discussion about
the happiness of life.
	"To me, happiness is returning home on a Monday evening, having a wonderful
dinner prepared by my wife, then slouching on the sofa watching Monday Night
Football," the American said.
	"You Americans are not romantic at all", the French injected, "Sharing
a beautiful evening with my lover, walking along the Seine river, and having a
romantic dinner on top of the Eiffel tower.  That is happiness of life."
	"You call those things happiness", the Vietnamese laughed, "then you
two still don't understand life at all.  Imagine this.  You are sleeping
soundly at night in Saigon.  Then suddenly you hear loud knocks on your front
door.  You hear loud voices, 'Mr. Nguyen Van Binh, open the door!'.  Quaking
with fear, you rush out and open the door.  Right there, you see two secret
policemen ready to handcuff you.  One of them says to you, 'Mr. Nguyen Van
Binh, you are under arrest for your anti-revolutionary activities.  You are
being sent to the re-educational camp tonight!'  Sweating profusely and
shaking uncontrollably, you reply to them, 'Comrades, Mr. Nguyen Van Binh
lives next door.'  That moment is happiness in life, my friends.


Stone's Law:
	One man's "simple" is another man's "huh?"


A woman forgives the audacity of which
her beauty has prompted us to be guilty.
		-- LeSage


I used to be Snow White, but I drifted.
		-- Mae West


Qvid me anxivs svm?


A truly wise woman never plays leapfrog with a unicorn.


Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid all together.


I am not an Economist.  I am an honest man!
		-- Paul McCracken


Home life as we understand it is no more natural to us than a
cage is to a cockatoo.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


The good (I am convinced, for one)
Is but the bad one leaves undone.
Once your reputation's done
You can live a life of fun.
		-- Wilhelm Busch


Kindness is the beginning of cruelty.
		-- Muad'dib, "Dune"


War is menstruation envy.


We invented a new protocol and called it Kermit, after Kermit the Frog,
star of "The Muppet Show." [3]

[3]  Why?  Mostly because there was a Muppets calendar on the wall when we
were trying to think of a name, and Kermit is a pleasant, unassuming sort of
character.  But since we weren't sure whether it was OK to name our protocol
after this popular television and movie star, we pretended that KERMIT was an
acronym; unfortunately, we could never find a good set of words to go with the
letters, as readers of some of our early source code can attest.  Later, while
looking through a name book for his forthcoming baby, Bill Catchings noticed
that "Kermit" was a Celtic word for "free", which is what all Kermit programs
should be, and words to this effect replaced the strained acronyms in our
source code (Bill's baby turned out to be a girl, so he had to name her Becky
instead).  When BYTE Magazine was preparing our 1984 Kermit article for
publication, they suggested we contact Henson Associates Inc. for permission
to say that we did indeed name the protocol after Kermit the Frog.  Permission
was kindly granted, and now the real story can be told.  I resisted the
temptation, however, to call the present work "Kermit the Book."
		-- Frank da Cruz, "Kermit - A File Transfer Protocol"


Stamp out organized crime!!  Abolish the IRS.


Have you reconsidered a computer career?


Forms follow function, and often obliterate it.


Cohn's Law:
	The more time you spend in reporting on what you are doing, the less
	time you have to do anything.  Stability is achieved when you spend
	all your time reporting on the nothing you are doing.


No two persons ever read the same book.
		-- Edmund Wilson


Politics is like coaching a football team.  You have to be smart
enough to understand the game but not smart enough to lose interest.


		'Twas the Night before Crisis

'Twas the night before crisis, and all through the house,
	Not a program was working not even a browse.
The programmers were wrung out too mindless to care,
	Knowing chances of cutover hadn't a prayer.
The users were nestled all snug in their beds,
	While visions of inquiries danced in their heads.
When out in the lobby there arose such a clatter,
	I sprang from my tube to see what was the matter.
And what to my wondering eyes should appear,
	But a Super Programmer, oblivious to fear.
More rapid than eagles, his programs they came,
	And he whistled and shouted and called them by name;
On Update!  On Add!  On Inquiry!  On Delete!
	On Batch Jobs!  On Closing!  On Functions Complete!
His eyes were glazed over, his fingers were lean,
	From Weekends and nights in front of a screen.
A wink of his eye, and a twist of his head,
	Soon gave me to know I had nothing to dread...


Someday your prints will come.
		-- Kodak


In 1989, the United States, which was displeased with the policies of the
dictator of Panama, invaded that country and placed in power a government
more to its liking.

In 1990, Iraq, which was displeased with the policies of the dictator of
Kuwait, invaded that country and placed in power a government more to its
liking.


3 syncs represent the trinity -- init, the child and the eternal zombie
process.  In doing 3, you're paying homage to each and I think such
traditions are important in this shallow, mercurial business we find
ourselves in.
		-- Jordan K. Hubbard


Sauron is alive in Argentina!


One of the most striking differences between a
cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives.
		-- Mark Twain


After spending a forbidden night on the town, two young nuns were trying
to sneak through the fence surrounding their Convent.
	"You know," giggled one as she held the wire apart for the other
to crawl through, "I feel like a Marine."
	"So do I," the other nun sighed, "but where are we going to
find one at three in the morning?"


Underlying Principle of Socio-Genetics:
	Superiority is recessive.


The government was contemplating the dispatch of an expedition to Burma,
with a view to taking Rangoon, and a question arose as to who would be the
fittest general to be sent in command of the expedition.  The Cabinet sent
for the Duke of Wellington, and asked his advice.  He instantly replied,
"Send Lord Combermere."
	"But we have always understood that your Grace thought Lord
Combermere a fool."
	"So he is a fool, and a damned fool; but he can take Rangoon."
		-- G. W. E. Russell


Rule of Feline Frustration:
	When your cat has fallen asleep on your lap and looks utterly
	content and adorable, you will suddenly have to go to the
	bathroom.


One day,
A mad meta-poet,
With nothing to say,
Wrote a mad meta-poem
That started: "One day,
A mad meta-poet,
With nothing to say,
Wrote a mad meta-poem
That started: "One day,
[...]
sort of close".
Were the words that the poet,
Finally chose,
To bring his mad poem,
To some sort of close".
Were the words that the poet,
Finally chose,
To bring his mad poem,
To some sort of close".


The Bible contains six admonishments to homosexuals and 362 admonishments
to heterosexuals.  That doesn't mean that God doesn't love heterosexuals.
It's just that they need more supervision.


	The devout Jew was beside himself because his son had been dating
a shiksa, so he went to visit his rabbi.  The rabbi listened solemnly to
his problem, took his hand, and said, "Pray to God."
	So the Jew went to the synagogue, bowed his head, and prayed, "God,
please help me.  My son, my favorite son, he's going to marry a shiksa, he
sees nothing but goyim..."
	"Your son," boomed down this voice from the heavens, "you think
you got problems.  What about my son?"


When I was a kid I said to my father one afternoon, "Daddy, will you
take me to the zoo?" He answered, "If the zoo wants you let them come
and get you."
		-- Jerry Lewis


Brontosaurus Principle:
	Organizations can grow faster than their brains can manage them
in relation to their environment and to their own physiology:  when
this occurs, they are an endangered species.
		-- Thomas K. Connellan


Please stand for the National Anthem:

	Australian's all, let us rejoice,
	For we are young and free.
	We've golden soil and wealth for toil
	Our home is girt by sea.
	Our land abounds in nature's gifts
	Of beauty rich and rare.
	In history's page, let every stage
	Advance Australia Fair.
	In joyful strains then let us sing,
	Advance Australia Fair.

Thank you.  You may resume your seat.


Such evil deeds could religion prompt.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


If you cannot convince them, confuse them.
		-- Harry S. Truman


	"Mach was the greatest intellectual fraud in the last ten years."
	"What about X?"
	"I said `intellectual'."
		;login, 9/1990


FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #5

	Don't wear your spurs while making love in a waterbed.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#18

Sexual frequency:
	The average man would prefer having sex every evening, or every
morning, or maybe both if he's under 25.  The average woman would like to
have sex non-stop all weekend, once a month.

Shopping:
	It's no coincidence that L.L. Bean, Sears, and Roebuck were all men.
Men don't like to shop.  If a man can't foist the job off on some woman, he
will grit his teeth and plan the outing as he would a jungle expedition.
He wants a map of the store showing where he has to go to get item X in
color Y in the correct size, which he doesn't know.  Even then it takes him
half an hour to get there from the entrance.  When he's finally accomplished
his mission, he'll discover that he forgot his checkbook.  Women shop to
relax.


I GUESS I'LL NEVER FORGET HER.  And maybe I don't want to.  Her spirit
was wild, like a wild monkey.  Her beauty was like a beautiful horse
being ridden by a wild monkey.  I forget her other qualities.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Hear about...
	the drunken midget who walked into a home for girls and kissed
	everybody in the joint?


I'd love to go out with you, but I never go out on days that end in
"Y".


Corruption is not the No. 1 priority of the Police Commissioner.
His job is to enforce the law and fight crime.
		-- P.B.A. President E. J. Kiernan


Der Horizont vieler Menschen ist ein Kreis mit Radius Null -
und das nennen sie ihren Standpunkt.


When I have one foot in the grave I will tell the truth about women.  I
shall tell it, jump into my coffin, pull the lid over me, and say, "Do
what you like now."
		-- Tolstoy


Be regular and orderly in your life, so that you may be violent
and original in your work.
		-- Flaubert


U.S. of A.:
	"Don't speak to the bus driver."
Germany:
	"It is strictly forbidden for passengers to speak to the driver."
England:
	"You are requested to refrain from speaking to the driver."
Scotland:
	"What have you got to gain by speaking to the driver?"
Italy:
	"Don't answer the driver."


After all, what is your hosts' purpose in having a party?  Surely not for
you to enjoy yourself; if that were their sole purpose, they'd have simply
sent champagne and women over to your place by taxi.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


Random, n.:
	as in number, predictable.
	as in memory access, unpredictable.


As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error.
		-- Weisert


Your digestive system is your body's Fun House, whereby food goes on a long,
dark, scary ride, taking all kinds of unexpected twists and turns, being
attacked by vicious secretions along the way, and not knowing until the last
minute whether it will be turned into a useful body part or ejected into the
Dark Hole by Mister Sphincter.  We Americans live in a nation where the
medical-care system is second to none in the world, unless you count maybe
25 or 30 little scuzzball countries like Scotland that we could vaporize in
seconds if we felt like it.
		-- Dave Barry, "Stay Fit & Healthy Until You're Dead"


Troglodytism does not necessarily imply a low cultural level.


Plus ca change, plus c'est le meme chose.


QOTD:
	"I've always wanted to work in the Federal Mint.  And then go on
	strike.  To make less money."


Q:	How many Zen masters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	None.  The Universe spins the bulb, and the Zen master stays out
	of the way.


The clothes have no emperor.
		-- C. A. R. Hoare, commenting on ADA


Life is a gamble at terrible odds, if it was a bet you wouldn't take it.
		-- Tom Stoppard, "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead"


If you're Catholic you've only got two choices: periodic
abstinence and complete continence; (you know, rhythm and blues).


If opportunity came disguised as temptation, one knock would be enough.


The big cities of America are becoming Third World countries.
		-- Nora Ephron


