And that's the way it is...
		-- Walter Cronkite


Ignorance must certainly be bliss or there wouldn't be so many people
so resolutely pursuing it.


Double Bucky, you're the one,
You make my keyboard so much fun,
Double Bucky, an additional bit or two, (Vo-vo-de-o)
Control and meta, side by side,
Augmented ASCII, 9 bits wide!
Double Bucky, a half a thousand glyphs, plus a few!

Oh, I sure wish that I,
Had a couple of bits more!
Perhaps a set of pedals to make the number of bits four.

Double Double Bucky!  Double Bucky left and right
OR'd together, outta sight!
Double Bucky, I'd like a whole word of,
Double Bucky, I'm happy I heard of,
Double Bucky, I'd like a whole word of you!
		-- to Niklaus Wirth, who suggested that an extra bit
		   be added to terminal codes on 36-bit machines for use
		   by screen editors.  [to the tune of "Rubber Ducky"]


My soul is crushed, my spirit sore
I do not like me anymore,
I cavil, quarrel, grumble, grouse,
I ponder on the narrow house
I shudder at the thought of men
I'm due to fall in love again.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Enough Rope"


The opposite of a profound truth may well be another profound truth.
		-- Niels Bohr


Chorus:
	Grandma got run over by a reindeer,
	Walking home from our house Christmas eve.
	You can say there's no such thing as Santa,
	But as for me and Grandpa, we believe!
She'd been drinking too much eggnog,
And we begged her not to go.
But she'd forgot her medication,	When we found her Christmas morning,
And she staggered through the door	At the scene of the attack.
	out in the snow.		She had hoofprints on her forehead,
					And incriminating claus-marks on her
Now we're all so proud of Grandpa,		back.
He's been taking this so well.
See him in there watching football.	I've warned all my friends and
Drinking beer and playing cards			neighbors,
	with cousin Mel.		Better watch out for yourselves!
					They should never give a license,
					To a man who drives a sleigh and
						plays with elves!
		-- Elmo and Patsy, "Grandma Got Run Over by a Reindeer"


The office brown-noser named Bunky
Would claim he was nobody's flunky.
	But when the chips were all down,
	His proboscis was brown,
And there hung many strands which were gunky.


You will be a winner today.  Pick a fight with a four-year-old.


And now for something completely the same.


Now I lay me down to study,
I pray the Lord I won't go nutty.
And if I fail to learn this junk,
I pray the Lord that I won't flunk.
But if I do, don't pity me at all,
Just lay my bones in the study hall.
Tell my teacher I've done my best,
Then pile my books upon my chest.


The full potentialities of human fury cannot be reached until a friend
of both parties tactfully interferes.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


What orators lack in depth they make up in length.


Do more than anyone expects, and pretty soon everyone will expect more.


Byte your tongue.


QOTD:
	"Whhoooooooeeeeeeeeeee, Elmer!  Take a look at that purty young lady
	over thar!  Why, I'd walk a mile barefoot over barbed wire and broken
	glass just to drive the truck that takes her panties to the cleaners!"


The knowledge that makes us cherish
innocence makes innocence unattainable.
		-- Irving Howe


Ain't no right way to do a wrong thing.
		-- The Mad Dogtender


Little Johnny with a grin,
Drank up all of daddy's gin,
Mother said, when he was plastered,
Go to bed, you little love-child.


You got to pay your dues if you want to sing the blues,
And you know it don't come easy ...
I don't ask for much, I only want trust,
And you know it don't come easy ...


So many women, so little nerve.


The meek shall inherit the earth; but by that
time there won't be anything left worth inheriting.


Do unto others before they undo you.


Kotex, n.:
	Not the best thing on earth, but next to the best.


General notions are generally wrong.
		-- Lady M. W. Montagu


QOTD:
	"I used to be lost in the shuffle, now I just shuffle along with
	the lost."


	A young honeymoon couple were touring southern Florida and happened
to stop at one of the rattlesnake farms along the road.  After seeing the
sights, they engaged in small talk with the man that handled the snakes.
"Gosh!" exclaimed the new bride.  "You certainly have a dangerous job.
Don't you ever get bitten by the snakes?"
	"Yes, upon rare occasions," answered the handler.
	"Well," she continued, "just what do you do when you're bitten by
a snake?"
	"I always carry a razor-sharp knife in my pocket, and as soon as I
am bitten, I make deep criss-cross marks across the fang entry and then
suck the poison from the wound."
	"What, uh... what would happen if you were to accidentally *sit* on
a rattler?" persisted the woman.
	"Ma'am," answered the snake handler, "that will be the day I learn
who my real friends are."


Have you ever stopped to think what it would be like to have a woman
President?  "I can't deal with the Russians today.  Not now.  I've got
my period."
		-- Steven Moore


An adequate bootstrap is a contradiction in terms.


There are more ways of killing a cat than choking her with cream.


	Electricity is actually made up of extremely tiny particles,
called electrons, that you cannot see with the naked eye unless you
have been drinking.  Electrons travel at the speed of light, which in
most American homes is 110 volts per hour.  This is very fast.  In the
time it has taken you to read this sentence so far, an electron could
have traveled all the way from San Francisco to Hackensack, New Jersey,
although God alone knows why it would want to.
	The five main kinds of electricity are alternating current,
direct current, lightning, static, and European.  Most American homes
have alternating current, which means that the electricity goes in one
direction for a while, then goes in the other direction.  This prevents
harmful electron buildup in the wires.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Magnocartic, adj.:
	Any automobile that, when left unattended, attracts shopping
	carts.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


The truth of a thing is the feel of it, not the think of it.
		-- Stanley Kubrick


The only winner in the War of 1812 was Tchaikovsky.
		-- David Gerrold


Q:	Do you know how to tell a Polack at a cockfight?
A:	He's the only one with a duck.

Q:	Do you know how to tell an Aggie at a cockfight?
A:	He's the only one who bets on the duck.

Q:	And do you know how to tell the Mafia is at the cockfight?
A:	The duck wins!


It has been justly observed by sages of all lands that although a man may be
most happily married and continue in that state with the utmost contentment,
it does not necessarily follow that he has therefore been struck stone-blind.
		-- H. Warner Munn


O, it is excellent
To have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous
To use it like a giant.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Measure for Measure", II, 2


Sex is as honest a product benefit for fragrance [perfume] as taste is
for diet Coke.
		-- Malcolm DacDougall


You may easily play a joke on a man who likes to argue -- agree with
him.
		-- Edgar W. Howe


Generally speaking, you aren't learning much when your lips are moving.


Be careful how you get yourself involved with persons or
situations that can't bear inspection.


HEY KIDS!  ANN LANDERS SAYS:
	A great way to prevent the tragedy of unwanted pregnancy is to
become a homosexual.  Every year, millions of young men and women, just
like you, are making the clean change to worry-free homosexuality.
They're having more sex than ever, and more fun than ever.  Send 50 cents
today for my leaflet "Gay sexual techniques".  Be sure to specify the
male or female edition.


Q:	Why did Ted Kennedy report the accident 8 hours after Mary
		Jo Kopechne drowned?
A:	Do you have any idea how hard it is to dress a woman underwater?


Don't kiss an elephant on the lips today.


The secret of happiness is total disregard of everybody.


Paranoid Club meeting this Friday.
Now ... just try to find out where!


Masturbation is the thinking man's television.
		-- Christopher Hampton


When in doubt, mumble; when in trouble, delegate; when in charge, ponder.
		-- James H. Boren


Bagdikian's Observation:
	Trying to be a first-rate reporter on the average American newspaper
	is like trying to play Bach's "St. Matthew Passion" on a ukulele.


... though his invention worked superbly -- his theory was a crock of sewage
from beginning to end.
		-- Vernor Vinge, "The Peace War"


/earth: file system full.


There's nothing to writing.  All you do is sit at a typewriter
and open a vein.
		-- Red Smith


Bond reflected that good Americans were fine people and that most of them
seemed to come from Texas.
		-- Ian Fleming, "Casino Royale"


All the evidence concerning the universe
has not yet been collected, so there's still hope.


I hate dying.
		-- Dave Johnson


"I don't think so," said Ren'e Descartes.  Just then, he vanished.


Wedding rings are the world's smallest handcuffs.


In Italy, for thirty years under the Borgias, they had warfare, terror,
murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci
and the Renaissance.  In Switzerland, they had brotherly love, they had
five hundred years of democracy and peace -- and what did they produce?
The cuckoo-clock.
		-- Orson Welles, "The Third Man"


Two is not equal to three, even for large values of two.


The shy young man had been married for three months when he reported to his
doctor that his marriage was still in name only.  The doctor, after hearing
the sad tale, told him that waiting until bedtime to make advances was causing
psychological pressure and advised him to take advantage of the next time he
felt in the mood.  A week later, the doctor happened to meet the man again,
and noticed a new spring in his step.  "My advice worked, I take it?" he
inquired.
	The young man grinned.  "Perfectly.  The other night, we were having
supper, and as I reached for the salt -- so did she!  Our hands touched... It
was as if an electric current ran through us.  I leaped to my feet, swept the
dishes from the table and then and there consummated our marriage!  There's
just one problem, however.  We can't go back to The Four Seasons again..."


Absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases
great ones, as the wind blows out candles and fans fires.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


Don't stop to stomp ants when the elephants are stampeding.


In the shade of the old apple tree
Where between her fat legs I could see
	A little brown spot
	With the hair in a knot,
And it certainly looked good to me.

I asked as I tickled her tit
If she thought that my big thing would fit.
	She said it would do
	So we had a good screw		In the shade of the old apple tree
In the shade of the old apple tree.	I got all that was coming to me.
						In the soft dewy grass
I could hear the dull buzz of the bee		I had a fine piece of ass
As he sunk his grub hooks into me.	From a maiden that was fine to see.
	Her ass it was fine
	But you should have seen mine
In the shade of the old apple tree.


There's many a slurp t'wixt the tip and the zip.


GRASSHOPPOTAMUS:
	A creature that can leap to tremendous heights... once.


Any time things appear to be going better, you have overlooked
something.


Always the dullness of the fool is the whetstone of the wits.
		-- William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"


Calvin Coolidge was the greatest man
who ever came out of Plymouth Corner, Vermont.
		-- Clarence Darrow


You can't say civilization don't advance... in every war they kill you a
new way.
		-- Will Rogers


APL is a mistake, carried through to perfection.  It is the language of the
future for the programming techniques of the past: it creates a new generation
of coding bums.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


When you're away, I'm restless, lonely
Wretched, bored, dejected, only
Here's the rub, my darling dear,
I feel the same when you are near.
		-- Samuel Hoffenstein, "Poems in Praise of Practically Nothing"


The assertion that "all men are created equal" was of no practical use
in effecting our separation from Great Britain and it was placed in the
Declaration not for that, but for future use.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


A mushroom cloud has no silver lining.


The human brain is like an enormous fish -- it is flat and slimy and
has gills through which it can see.
		-- Monty Python


Sex is like air. It's not important unless you aren't getting any.


Marvin the Nature Lover spied a grasshopper hopping along in the grass,
and in a mood for communing with nature, rare even among full-fledged
Nature Lovers, he spoke to the grasshopper, saying: "Hello, friend
grasshopper.  Did you know they've named a drink after you?"
	"Really?" replied the grasshopper, obviously pleased.  "They've
named a drink Fred?"


Real computer scientists like having a computer on their desk, else how
could they read their mail?


Why does New Jersey have more toxic waste dumps and California have
more lawyers?

New Jersey had first choice.


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #3

	Birds of a feather flock to a newly washed car.


It's not reality that's important, but how you perceive things.


How do you like the new America?  We've cut the fat out of the
government, and more recently the heart and brain (the backbone was
gone some time ago).  All we seem to have left now is muscle.  We'll be
lucky to escape with our skins!


Power and ignorance is a detestable cocktail.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Die, v.:
	To stop sinning suddenly.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


David Sarnoff, 1964: "The computer will become the hub of a vast network of
remote data stations and information banks feeding into the machine at
a transmission rate of a billion or more bits of information a
second. Laser channels will vastly increase both data capacity and the
speeds with which it will be transmitted.  Eventually, a global
communications network handling voice, data and facsimile will
instantly link man to machine--or machine to machine--by land, air,
underwater, and space circuits. [The computer] will affect man's
ways of thinking, his means of education, his relationship to his physical
and social environment, and it will alter his ways of living...
[Before the end of this century, these forces] will coalesce into what
unquestionably will become the greatest adventure of the human mind."
		-- Eugene Lyons, "David Sarnoff" 1966


I don't need no arms around me...
I don't need no drugs to calm me...
I have seen the writing on the wall.
Don't think I need anything at all.
No!  Don't think I need anything at all!
All in all, it was all just bricks in the wall.
All in all, it was all just bricks in the wall.
		-- Pink Floyd, "Another Brick in the Wall", Part III


Four be the things I am wiser to know:
	Idleness, sorrow, a friend, and a foe.

Four be the things I'd been better without:
	Love, curiosity, freckles, and doubt.

Three be the things I shall never attain:
	Envy, content, and sufficient champagne.

Three be the things I shall have till I die:
	Laughter and hope and a sock in the eye.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Inventory"


GIVE UP!!!!


TRANSPARENT:
	Being or pertaining to an existing, nontangible object.
	"It's there, but you can't see it"
		-- IBM System/360 announcement, 1964

VIRTUAL:
	Being or pertaining to a tangible, nonexistent object.
	"I can see it, but it's not there."
		-- Lady Macbeth


Warning: Trespassers will be shot.
Survivors will be shot again.


Most people need some of their problems
to help take their mind off some of the others.


Conversation enriches the understanding,
but solitude is the school of genius.


What is the difficulty with writing a PDP-8 program to emulate Jerry
Ford?

Figuring out what to do with the other 3K.


If people concentrated on the really important things in life,
there'd be a shortage of fishing poles.
		-- Doug Larson


U:	There's a U -- a Unicorn!
	Run right up and rub its horn.
	Look at all those points you're losing!
	UMBER HULKS are so confusing.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC


FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #21

A:	Dr. Livingston I. Presume.
Q:	What's Dr. Presume's full name?


The secret source of humor is not joy but sorrow;
there is no humor in Heaven.
		-- Mark Twain


Do not count your chickens before they are hatched.
		-- Aesop


The error of youth is to believe that intelligence is a substitute
for experience, while the error of age is to believe experience is
a substitute for intelligence.
		-- Lyman Bryson


Noone ever built a statue to a critic.


Good evening, gentlemen.  I am a HAL 9000 computer.  I became operational
at the HAL plant in Urbana, Illinois, on January 11th, nineteen hundred
ninety-five.  My supervisor was Mr. Langley, and he taught me to sing a
song.  If you would like, I could sing it for you.


The IBM 2250 is impressive ...
if you compare it with a system selling for a tenth its price.
		-- D. Cohen


We have nowhere else to go... this is all we have.
		-- Margaret Mead


What makes the Universe so hard to comprehend
is that there's nothing to compare it with.


	A man went to a doctor to have his penis enlarged.  Well, this
particular procedure involved splicing a baby elephant's trunk onto the
man's penis.  Overjoyed, the man went out with his best girl to a very
fancy restaurant.  After cocktails, the man's penis crept out of his pants,
felt around the table, grabbed a hard roll and quickly disappeared under
the tablecloth.  The girl was startled and exclaimed, "What was that?"
	Suddenly the penis came back, took another hard roll and just as
quickly disappeared.  The girl was silent for a moment, then finally said,
"I don't believe I saw what I think I just saw... can you do that again?"
	With a bit of an uncomfortable smile the man replied, "Honey, I'd
like to, but I don't think my ass can take another hard roll!"


The second best policy is dishonesty.


Sex and drugs and rock and roll,
Is all my brain and body need.
Sex and drugs and rock and roll,
Are very good indeed.

Take your silly ways,
Throw them out the window,
The wisdom of your ways,
I've been there and I know,
Lots of other ways...
		-- Ian Drury, "New Boots and Panties"


QOTD:
	"I was a fifty-four-year-old virgin, but I'm all right now."


