	After watching an extremely attractive maternity-ward patient
earnestly thumbing her way through a telephone directory for several
minutes, a hospital orderly finally asked if he could be of some help.
	"No, thanks," smiled the young mother, "I'm just looking for a
name for my baby."
	"But the hospital supplies a special booklet that lists hundreds
of first names and their meanings," said the orderly.
	"That won't help," said the woman, "my baby already has a first
name."


There's nothing remarkable about it.  All one has to do is hit the right
keys at the right time and the instrument plays itself.
		-- J. S. Bach


Flowchart, n. & v.:
	[From flow "to ripple down in rich profusion, as hair" + chart
"a cryptic hidden-treasure map designed to mislead the uninitiated."]
1. n. The solution, if any, to a class of Mascheroni construction
problems in which given algorithms require geometrical representation
using only the 35 basic ideograms of the ANSI template.  2. n. Neronic
doodling while the system burns.  3. n. A low-cost substitute for
wallpaper.  4. n.  The innumerate misleading the illiterate.  "A
thousand pictures is worth ten lines of code." -- The Programmer's
Little Red Vade Mecum, Mao Tse T'umps.  5. v.intrans. To produce
flowcharts with no particular object in mind.  6. v.trans. To obfuscate
(a problem) with esoteric cartoons.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


Progress is impossible without change, and those who
cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


For the sores on his prick he used Dial.
That failed; he gave Lava a trial.
	But the one remedy
	For contagious V.D.
Is the wonder drug sulfa-denial.


The most exquisite peak in culinary art is conquered when you do right by a
ham, for a ham, in the very nature of the process it has undergone since last
it walked on its own feet, combines in its flavor the tang of smoky autumnal
woods, the maternal softness of earthy fields delivered of their crop children,
the wineyness of a late sun, the intimate kiss of fertilizing rain, and the
bite of fire.  You must slice it thin, almost as thin as this page you hold
in your hands.  The making of a ham dinner, like the making of a gentleman,
starts a long, long time before the event.
		-- W. B. Courtney, "Reflections of Maryland Country Ham",
		   from "Congress Eate It Up"


Reappraisal, n.:
	An abrupt change of mind after being found out.


The typewriting machine, when played with expression, is no more
annoying than the piano when played by a sister or near relation.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Save gas, don't eat beans.


Old musicians never die, they just decompose.


What, after all, is a halo?  It's only one more thing to keep clean.
		-- Christopher Fry


There are four kinds of homicide: felonious, excusable, justifiable,
and praiseworthy ...
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Atlanta makes it against the law to tie a giraffe to a telephone pole
or street lamp.


Scrubbing floors and emptying bedpans has as much dignity as the
Presidency.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


	The FIELD GUIDE to NORTH AMERICAN MALES

SPECIES:	Cranial Males
SUBSPECIES:	The Hacker (homo computatis)
Courtship & Mating:
	Due to extreme deprivation, HOMO COMPUTATIS maintains a near perpetual
	state of sexual readiness.  Courtship behavior alternates between
	awkward shyness and abrupt advances.  When he finally mates, he
	chooses a female engineer with an unblinking stare, a tight mouth, and
	a complete collection of Campbell's soup-can recipes.
Track:
	Trash cans full of pale green and white perforated paper and old
	copies of the Allen-Bradley catalog.
Comments:
	Extremely fond of bad puns and jokes that need long explanations.


You cannot propel yourself forward by patting yourself on the back.


Conscious is when you are aware of something and conscience is when you
wish you weren't.


The best you get is an even break.
		-- Franklin Adams


Life is a bitch, but the puppies can be cute.


The superfluous is very necessary.
		-- Voltaire


SEX-CHANGE NUN BECOMES TV WRESTLER!!!
	details at 11!


Don't get suckered in by the comments -- they
can be terribly misleading.  Debug only code.
		-- Dave Storer


I can relate to that.


Konrad Lorenz, the great animal behaviorist, was scrupulous about cultivating
fruitful confusion.  Lorenz lived among his research subjects:  dozens of
species of mammals, birds, reptiles, and fishes.  He did not quantify, control,
or consciously experiment.  He got to know each creature individually, then
threw them together, watching for the unexpected, the unusual, or the bizarre
in the chaos that followed.  For example, his interest in one of ethology's
most important concepts, that of intention movements (motions with meaning,
such as the head bobbing in birds that serves as an alarm signal before
flight), derived from an inadvertent experiment.  He had trained a free-flying
raven to eat raw meat from his hand and had been feeding the bird for several
hours one day.  He would reach into his pants pocket and take out a piece of
meat, and the raven would swoop down to grab it in its bill.  By and by, Lorenz
went to relieve himself near a hedge.  When the raven saw him put his hand
into his pants and pull out another morsel of meat, it swooped down, hungrily
grasping the new mouthful in its bill.  Lorenz howled in pain.  But the event
left a deep impression on him -- about how faithfully animals respond to
intention movements, that is.
		-- The Sciences, May/June, 1988, N.Y. Academy of Science


I have no doubt the Devil grins,
As seas of ink I spatter.
Ye gods, forgive my "literary" sins--
The other kind don't matter.
		-- Robert W. Service


A tall, dark stranger will have more fun than you.


	"Before we get married," said the young woman to her fiance,
"I want to confess some affairs that I've had in the past."
	"But you told me all about those a few weeks ago," her young man
replied.
	"Yes, darling," she explained, "but that was a few weeks ago."


	Mother seemed pleased by my draft notice.  "Just think of all
the people in England, they've chosen you, it's a great honour, son."
	Laughingly I felled her with a right cross.
		-- Spike Milligan


Sighed a neat little package named Annie:
"I've the tits and the twat and the fanny,
	Plus the yen, but the men
	Only call now and then--
Can it be I've B.O. in my cranny?"


You will receive a legacy which will place you above want.


Meader's Law:
	Whatever happens to you, it will previously
	have happened to everyone you know, only more so.


The best things in life are for a fee.


I have perfumed my bed with myrrh, aloes, and cinnamon.  Come, let us
take our fill of love until the morning.
		-- Proverbs 7:17-18


I will not forget you.


... indifference is a militant thing ... when it goes away it leaves
smoking ruins, where lie citizens bayonetted through the throat.  It is
not a children's pastime like mere highway robbery.
		-- Stephen Crane


Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.


What can you use used tampons for?  Tea bags for vampires.


===  ALL CSH USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

Set the variable $LOSERS to all the people that you think are losers.  This
will cause all said losers to have the variable $PEOPLE-WHO-THINK-I-AM-A-LOSER
updated in their .login file.  Should you attempt to execute a job on a
machine with poor response time and a machine on your local net is currently
populated by losers, that machine will be freed up for your job through a
cold boot process.


You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.


You ask what a nice girl will do?
She won't give an inch, but she won't say no.
		-- Marcus Valerius Martialis


A person who is more than casually interested in computers should be well
schooled in machine language, since it is a fundamental part of a computer.
		-- Donald E. Knuth


Masturbation, n.:
	Coming unscrewed.


The fellow sat down at a bar, ordered a drink and asked the bartender if he
wanted to hear a dumb-jock joke.
	"Hey, buddy," the bartender replied, "you see those two guys next to
you?  They used to be with the Chicago Bears.  The two dudes behind you made
the U.S. Olympic wrestling team.  And for you information, I used to play
center at Notre Dame."
	"Forget it," the customer said.  "I don't want to explain it five
times."


All syllogisms have three parts, therefore this is not a syllogism.


To do nothing is to be nothing.


When a place gets crowded enough to require ID's, social collapse is not
far away.  It is time to go elsewhere.  The best thing about space travel
is that it made it possible to go elsewhere.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein, "Time Enough For Love"


Beat me, bite me, whip me, fuck me, make me write bad checks!


I believe that Ronald Reagan will someday make this country what it
once was ... an arctic wilderness.
		-- Steve Martin


Here is the fact of the week, maybe even the fact of the month.  According
to probably reliable sources, the Coca-Cola people are experiencing severe
marketing anxiety in China.

The words "Coca-Cola" translate into Chinese as either (depending on the
inflection) "wax-fattened mare" or "bite the wax tadpole".

Bite the wax tadpole.  There is a sort of rough justice, is there not?

The trouble with this fact, as lovely as it is, is that it's hard to get
a whole column out of it.  I'd like to teach the world to bite a wax
tadpole.  Coke -- it's the real wax-fattened mare.  Not bad, but broad
satiric vistas do not open up.
		-- John Carrol, San Francisco Chronicle


If you are over 80 years old and accompanied
by your parents, we will cash your check.


Christmas comes but once a year,
A time for love and laughter;
You can come much more than that,
But you have to clean up after.


Serfs up!
		-- Spartacus


Every little picofarad has a nanohenry all its own.
		-- Don Vonada


QOTD:
	"I'd crawl a mile over burning desert sand just to kiss the dick of
	the guy who screwed her last."


Philogyny recapitulates erogeny; erogeny recapitulates philogyny.


There is no fool to the old fool.
		-- John Heywood


MARRIAGE:
	Convertible bonds.


If sarcasm were posted on Usenet, would anybody notice?
		-- James Nicoll


Dear Miss Manners:
I carry a big black umbrella, even if there's just a thirty percent chance of
rain.  May I ask a young lady who is a stranger to me to share its protection?
This morning, I was waiting for a bus in comparative comfort, my umbrella
protecting me from the downpour, and noticed an attractive young woman getting
soaked.  I have often seen her at my bus stop, although we have never spoken,
and I don't even know her name.  Could I have asked her to get under my
umbrella without seeming insulting?

Gentle Reader:
Certainly.  Consideration for those less fortunate than you is always proper,
although it would be more convincing if you stopped babbling about how
attractive she is.  In order not to give Good Samaritanism a bad name, Miss
Manners asks you to allow her two or three rainy days of unmolested protection
before making your attack.


It is against the law for a monster to enter the corporate limits of
Urbana, Illinois.


"Well, madam," the bishop declared,
While the vicar just mumbled and stared,
	"'Twere better, perhaps,
	In the crypt or the apse,
Because sex in the nave must be shared."


If a listener nods his head when you're
explaining your program, wake him up.


Ed Sullivan will be around as long as someone else has talent.
		-- Fred Allen


Celebrate Hannibal Day this year.  Take an elephant to lunch.


A billion seconds ago Harry Truman was president.
A billion minutes ago was just after the time of Christ.
A billion hours ago man had not yet walked on earth.
A billion dollars ago was late yesterday afternoon at the U.S. Treasury.


I have come up with a surefire concept for a hit television show, which
would be called "A Live Celebrity Gets Eaten by a Shark."
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wonders of Sharks on TV"


A man with no arms walked into a bar and asked for a beer.  The bartender
shoved the foaming glass in front of him.
	"Look," said the customer, "I have no arms -- would you please hold
the glass for me?
	"Sure," said the bartender.
	"If," said the customer, "you'll reach in my right hand coat pocket,
you'll find the money for the beer."
	The bartender got the money and rang up the bill.
	"You've been very kind," said the customer. "Just one thing more.
Where is the men's room?"
	"Up the street to the light," said the bartender, "turn left, walk
two blocks, and there's a gas station on the corner."


	The doctor had just finished giving the young man a thorough
physical examination.  "The best thing for you to do," the M.D. said,
"is give up drinking, give up smoking, get to bed early and stay away
from women."
	"Doc, I don't deserve the best," pleaded his patient.  "What's
second best?"


WE:
	The single most important word in the world.


Using TSO is like kicking a dead whale down the beach.
		-- S. C. Johnson


Death is a spirit leaving a body, sort
of like a shell leaving the nut behind.
		-- Erma Bombeck


A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the
sun is shining and wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
		-- Mark Twain


Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
		-- Lily Tomlin


When you are in it up to your ears, keep your mouth shut.


Immature artists imitate, mature artists steal.
		-- Lionel Trilling


Even nowadays a man can't step up and kill a woman without feeling
just a bit unchivalrous ...
		-- Robert Benchley


Genetics explains why you look like your father,
and if you don't, why you should.


Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain.
		-- Frank Morgan as The Wizard, "The Wizard of Oz"


Said a girl who upon her divan
Was attacked by a virile young man:
	"Such excess of passion
	Is quite out of fashion"
And she fractured his wrist with her fan.
		-- Edward Gorey


Who does not love wine, women, and song,
Remains a fool his whole life long.
		-- Johann Heinrich Voss


I finally went to the eye doctor.  I got contacts.
I only need them to read, so I got flip-ups.
		-- Steven Wright


She was bred in ol' Kentucky
But she's just a crumb up here
She was knock-knee'd and double-jointed
With a cauliflower ear
Someday we will be married
And if vegetables become too dear
I'll just cut me a slice of
Her cauliflower ear!
		-- Curly Howard, "The Three Stooges"


Inspiration without perspiration is usually sterile.


Q:	How many members of the U.S.S. Enterprise does it take to change a
	light bulb?
A:	Seven.  Scotty has to report to Captain Kirk that the light bulb in
	the Engineering Section is getting dim, at which point Kirk will send
	Bones to pronounce the bulb dead (although he'll immediately claim
	that he's a doctor, not an electrician).  Scotty, after checking
	around, realizes that they have no more new light bulbs, and complains
	that he "canna" see in the dark.  Kirk will make an emergency stop at
	the next uncharted planet, Alpha Regula IV, to procure a light bulb
	from the natives, who, are friendly, but seem to be hiding something.
	Kirk, Spock, Bones, Yeoman Rand and two red shirt security officers
	beam down to the planet, where the two security officers are promptly
	killed by the natives, and the rest of the landing party is captured.
	As something begins to develop between the Captain and Yeoman Rand,
	Scotty, back in orbit, is attacked by a Klingon destroyer and must
	warp out of orbit.  Although badly outgunned, he cripples the Klingon
	and races back to the planet in order to rescue Kirk et. al. who have
	just saved the natives' from an awful fate and, as a reward, been
	given all lightbulbs they can carry.  The new bulb is then inserted
	and the Enterprise continues on its five year mission.


Hi!  You have reached 962-0129. None of us are here to answer the phone and
the cat doesn't have opposing thumbs, so his messages are illegible.  Please
leave your name and message after the beep...


Impartial, adj.:
	Unable to perceive any promise of personal advantage from
	espousing either side of a controversy or adopting either of two
	conflicting opinions.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The fact that boys are allowed to exist at all is evidence of a
remarkable Christian forbearance among men.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


Green's Law of Debate:
Anything is possible if you don't know what you're talking about.


Black shiny mollies and bright colored guppies,
Shy little angels as gentle as puppies,
Swimming and diving with scarcely a swish,
They were just some of my tropical fish.

Then I got mantas that sting in the water,
Deadly piranhas that itch for a slaughter,
Savage male betas that bite with a squish,
Now I have many less tropical fish.

	If you think that
	Fish are peaceful
	That's an empty wish.
	Just dump them together
	And leave them alone,
	And soon you will have -- no fish.
		-- To My Favorite Things


Folks, what can I tell you about my next guest.  This cat allowed himself
to be adored, but not loved. And his success in show business was matched
by failure in his personal relationship bag, now that's where he really
bombed.  And he came to believe that work, show business, love, his whole
life, even himself and all that jazz was bullshit.  He became numero uno
gameplayer.  Uh, to the point where he didn't know where the games ended
and the reality began.  Like to this cat, the only reality... is death, man.
Ladies and gentlemen, let me lay on you, a so-so entertainer, not much of
a humanitarian, and this cat was never nobody's friend.  In his final
appearance on the great stage of life, uh, you can applaud if you want to,
Mr. Joe Gideon!!
		-- All That Jazz


Say no, then negotiate.
		-- Helga


Sometimes, at the end of the day, when I'm
smiling and shaking their hands, I want to kick them.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


There is no proverb that is not true.
		-- Cervantes


I haven't lost my mind; I know exactly where I left it.


You can't play your friends like marks, kid.
		-- Henry Gondorf, "The Sting"


No one can have a higher opinion of him than I have, and I think he's a
dirty little beast.
		-- W. S. Gilbert


Useful Farsi phrases for Americans traveling to Iran:

MAMNOUNAN GHORBAN IN DAFAYEH MEEMUNAM.
	It is with greatest pleasure that I sign
	this confession of capital crimes.

MATERNIER GHERMEZ AHLIEH, GHORBAN.
	The red blindfold would be lovely, excellency.

TIKEH NUNEH BA OB KHRELEH BEZORG VA KHRUBE BOYAST INO BEGERAM.
	The water-soaked bread crumbs are delicious, thank you.
	I must have the recipe.

ETEHFOR'AN, DEHRATEE, OTAGEH SHOMA MIKRASTAM KHE
DO HAFTAEH BA BODANEH SHEEREEL TEEGZ.
	Truly, I would rather be a hostage to your greatly esteemed
	self than spend a fortnight upon the person of Cheryl Tiegs.


Thirty days hath Septober,
April, June, and no wonder.
all the rest have peanut butter
except my father who wears red suspenders.


My travel agent's an Oxford chap
Who rolls his eyes when he speaks.
I asked him about the Isle of Man
For a journey of about six weeks.
And this is what he said to me
As he looked me right in the eye,
"For a far-out trip, try an ice cream dip
Of Elephant Shit On Rye."

A brand-new store just opened its door
At the corner of 5th and Vine
And I happened to be standing right outside
When they turned on their neon sign.
I heard a strange sound, I looked around,
And that's when I almost died,
They nearly knocked me down to be the first in town
To get their Elephant Shit On Rye!


It is illegal to say "Oh, Boy" in Jonesboro, Georgia.


It is the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree.


	"Anything else you wish to draw to my attention, Mr. Holmes ?"
	"The curious incident of the stable dog in the nighttime."
	"But the dog did nothing in the nighttime."
	"That was the curious incident."
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "Silver Blaze"


