We are Microsoft.  Unix is irrelevant.
Openness is futile.  Prepare to be assimilated.


Every man has his price.  Mine is $3.95.


XXXVI:
	The thickness of the proposal required to win a multimillion dollar
	contract is about one millimeter per million dollars.  If all the
	proposals conforming to this standard were piled on top of each other
	at the bottom of the Grand Canyon it would probably be a good idea.
XXXVII:
	Ninety percent of the time things will turn out worse than you expect.
	The other 10 percent of the time you had no right to expect so much.
XXXVIII:
	The early bird gets the worm.
	The early worm ... gets eaten.
XXXIX:
	Never promise to complete any project within six months of the end of
	the year -- in either direction.
XL:
	Most projects start out slowly -- and then sort of taper off.
		-- Norman Augustine


Dare to be naive.
		-- R. Buckminster Fuller


Where are the calculations that go with a calculated risk?


A little retrospection shows that although many fine, useful software systems
have been designed by committees and built as part of multipart projects,
those software systems that have excited passionate fans are those that are
the products of one or a few designing minds, great designers.  Consider Unix,
APL, Pascal, Modula, the Smalltalk interface, even Fortran; and contrast them
with Cobol, PL/I, Algol, MVS/370, and MS-DOS.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr.


I was toilet-trained at gunpoint.
		-- Billy Braver


Call things by their right names...  Glass of brandy and water!  That is the
current but not the appropriate name: ask for a glass of fire and distilled
damnation.
		-- Robert Hall, in Olinthus Gregory's, "Brief Memoir of the
		   Life of Hall"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to logical names.]


Never drink Coca-Cola in a moving elevator.  The elevator's motion coupled
with the chemicals in Coke produce hallucinations. People tend to change
into lizards and attack without warning, and large bats usually fly in the
window.  (Additionally, you begin to believe that elevators have windows.)


Isn't it odd that people who object to "foul" language are always the
fucking dickheads that need swearing at?


There's small choice in rotten apples.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"


AUTHENTIC:
	Indubitably true, in somebody's opinion.


Body by Nautilus, Brain by Mattel.


There are more things in heaven and earth than any place else.


In San Francisco, Halloween is redundant.
		-- Will Durst


Q:	What's the difference between a Fairy Tale, and a War Story?
A:	Nothing, except Fairy Tales start off with "Once upon a time".
	War Stories start off with "No shit, this really happened".

	[I thought Fairy Tales started off, "Honey, I'm gonna be at the
	office a little late, tonight...  Ed.]


Hear about...
	the young Chinese woman who just won the lottery?
	One fortunate cookie...


	On the other hand, the TCP camp also has a phrase for OSI people.
There are lots of phrases.  My favorite is `nitwit' -- and the rationale
is the Internet philosophy has always been you have extremely bright,
non-partisan researchers look at a topic, do world-class research, do
several competing implementations, have a bake-off, determine what works
best, write it down and make that the standard.
	The OSI view is entirely opposite.  You take written contributions
from a much larger community, you put the contributions in a room of
committee people with, quite honestly, vast political differences and all
with their own political axes to grind, and four years later you get
something out, usually without it ever having been implemented once.
	So the Internet perspective is implement it, make it work well,
then write it down, whereas the OSI perspective is to agree on it, write
it down, circulate it a lot and now we'll see if anyone can implement it
after it's an international standard and every vendor in the world is
committed to it.  One of those processes is backwards, and I don't think
it takes a Lucasian professor of physics at Oxford to figure out which.
		-- Marshall Rose, "The Pied Piper of OSI"


... C++ offers even more flexible control over the visibility of member
objects and member functions.  Specifically, members may be placed in the
public, private, or protected parts of a class.  Members declared in the
public parts are visible to all clients; members declared in the private
parts are fully encapsulated; and members declared in the protected parts
are visible only to the class itself and its subclasses.  C++ also supports
the notion of *friends*: cooperative classes that are permitted to see each
other's private parts.
		-- Grady Booch, "Object Oriented Design with Applications"


The abuse of greatness is when it disjoins remorse from power.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"


Riffle West Virginia is so small that the
Boy Scout had to double as the town drunk.


God created woman.
And boredom did indeed cease from that moment --
but many other things ceased as well.
Woman was God's second mistake.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


If God had meant for us to have group sex, he'd have given us more organs.
		-- Malcolm Bradbury


Does he treat your breasts like unripe grapefruit?  Who needs him?
		-- J, "The Sensuous Woman"


The carbonyl is polarized,
The delta end is plus.
The nucleophile will thus attack,
The carbon nucleus.
Addition makes an alcohol,
Of types there are but three.
It makes a bond, to correspond,
From C to shining C.
		-- Prof. Frank Westheimer, to "America the Beautiful"


Until Eve arrived, this was a man's world.
		-- Richard Armour


You ask what a nice girl will do?
She won't give an inch, but she won't say no.
		-- Marcus Valerius Martialis


QOTD:
	"Some people have one of those days.  I've had one of those lives."


If thine eye offends thee, pluck it out.
If thy dick offends thee, whack it off.


Two Finns and a penguin are sitting on the front porch of a large house.  The
penguin is dripping in sweat; his owner looks down and says to the other Finn,
"Hey Urho, I want that you should take the penguin to the zoo, okay?"  The
owner then runs off to the sauna.  When he gets out of the sauna, he looks
up at the porch, and sure enough, there is Urho and the penguin, sweating
away.  So he yells out "Hey, Urho, I thought I told you to take the penguin to
the zoo, I did."  And Urho yells back "Yup, and tomorrow we're going to
the movies!"


Absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases
great ones, as the wind blows out candles and fans fires.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


Save the whales.  Collect the whole set.


Pascal is not a high-level language.
		-- Steven Feiner


FORTUNE TESTS THE GREAT MANAGERS: #5

You have just returned from a trip to Green Bay, Wisconsin in January and
tell your boss that nobody but ladies of the evening and football players
live there.  He mentions that his wife is from Green Bay.  You:

	(a)  Pretend you are suffering from amnesia and don't
		remember your name.
	(b)  Ask what position she played.
	(c)  Ask if she is still working the streets.
	(d)  Pull lacy underwear from your raincoat pocket and ask
		if he recognizes the label.


Nice guys get sick.


Is a computer language with goto's totally Wirth-less?


The Third Law of Photography:
	If you did manage to get any good shots, they will be ruined
	when someone inadvertently opens the darkroom door and all of
	the dark leaks out.


The Great Movie Posters:

*A Giggle Gurgling Gulp of Glee*
With Pretty Girls, Peppy Scenes, and Gorgeous Revues -- plus a good story.
		-- Tea with a Kick (1924)

Whoopie!  Let's go!... Hand-picked Beauties doing cute tricks!
GET IN THE KNOW FOR THE HEY-HEY WHOOPIE!
		-- The Wild Party (1929)

YOU HEAR HIM MAKE LOVE!
DIX -- the dashing soldier!
	DIX -- the bold adventurer!
		DIX -- the throbbing lover!
		-- The Wheel of Life (1929)

SEE CHARLES BUTTERWORTH DRIVE A STREETCAR AND SING LOVE
SONGS TO HIS MARE "MITZIE"!
		-- The Night is Young (1934)


When a fellow says, "It ain't the money but
the principle of the thing," it's the money.
		-- Kin Hubbard


B4 I4Q, RU/18 QT 3.14


Those who can make you believe absurdities, can make you commit atrocities.
		-- Voltaire


If they think you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical,
go crude.  I'm a very technical boy.  So I get as crude as possible.  These
days, though, you have to be pretty technical before you can even aspire
to crudeness...
		-- Johnny Mnemonic


We don't know who discovered water, but we're certain it wasn't a fish.


	A guy walks into a pub and asks: "Does anyone here own a Doberman?
I feel really bad about this, but my Chihuahua just killed it."
	A man leaps to his feet and replies, "Yes, I do, but how can that
be?  I raised that dog from a pup to be a vicious killer."
	"Yes, well, that's all well and good," replied the first, "but my
dog's stuck in its throat."


It's the same old story; boy meets beer, boy drinks beer...
boy gets another beer.
		-- Cheers


A performing octopus could play the piano, the zither and a piccolo, and his
trainer wanted him to add the bagpipe to his accomplishments.  With this in
mind, a bagpipe was placed in the octopus's room, and the trainer awaited
results.  Hours passed, but no bagpipe music was heard.  Since the talented
octopus usually learned quickly, the trainer was disturbed.  Opening the door
the next morning, he asked the octopus,
	"Have you learned to play that thing yet?"
	"Play it!" retorted the octopus. "I've been trying to lay it all
night!"


Curiosity killed the cat, but satisfaction brought her back.


The perfect lover is one who turns into a pizza at 4:00 A.M.
		-- Charles Pierce


Life is a gamble at terrible odds, if it was a bet you wouldn't take it.
		-- Tom Stoppard, "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead"


Oh, when I was in love with you,
	Then I was clean and brave,
And miles around the wonder grew
	How well did I behave.

And now the fancy passes by,
	And nothing will remain,
And miles around they'll say that I
	Am quite myself again.
		-- A. E. Housman


Drinking is not a spectator sport.
		-- Jim Brosnan


There once was a Sailor who looked through a glass
And spied a fair mermaid with scales on her... island.
Where seagulls flew over their nest.
She combed the long hair which hung over her... shoulders.
And caused her to tickle and itch.
The sailor cried out "There's a beautiful... mermaid.
A sittin' out there on the rocks."
The crew came a running, all grabbing their... glasses.
And crowded four deep to the rail.
All eager to share in this fine piece of... news.
...
"Throw out a line and we'll lasso her... flippers.
And soon we will certainly find
If mermaids are better before or be... brave
My dear fellows," The captain cried out.
And cursing with spleen.
This song may be dull, but it's certainly clean.
		-- "The Clean Song", Oscar Brandt


	When the lodge meeting broke up, Meyer confided to a friend.
"Abe, I'm in a terrible pickle!  I'm strapped for cash and I haven't
the slightest idea where I'm going to get it from!"
	"I'm glad to hear that," answered Abe.  "I was afraid you
might have some idea that you could borrow from me!"


There's a vas deferens between men and women.


" "
		-- Charlie Chaplin

" "
		-- Harpo Marx

" "
		-- Marcel Marceau


Cleveland still lives.  God _m_u_s_t be dead.


That's where the money was.
		-- Willie Sutton, on being asked why he robbed a bank

It's a rather pleasant experience to be alone in a bank at night.
		-- Willie Sutton


The rose of yore is but a name, mere names are left to us.


I'm sorry I'm late folks, I just got out of jail.  I tried to change my
girlfriend's name.  Yeah, I went down to the hall of records.  I said, "I'd
like to change it... I'd like to change it to... LYING LITTLE BITCH!"
		-- Sam Kinison


Time washes clean
Love's wounds unseen.
That's what someone told me;
But I don't know what it means.
		-- Linda Ronstadt, "Long Long Time"


Tiddely Quiddely
Edward M. Kennedy
Quite unaccountably
Drove in a stream.

Pleas of amnesia
Incomprehensible
Possibly shattered
Political dream.


Hear about...
	the woman who claimed that two martinis usually made her
	feel like a new man?


-- Scintillate, scintillate, asteroid minikin.
-- Members of an avian species of identical plumage congregate.
-- Surveillance should precede saltation.
-- Pulchritude possesses solely cutaneous profundity.
-- It is fruitless to become lachrymose over precipitately departed
	lacteal fluid.
-- Freedom from incrustations of grime is contiguous to rectitude.
-- It is fruitless to attempt to indoctrinate a superannuated
	canine with innovative maneuvers.
-- Eschew the implement of correction and vitiate the scion.
-- The temperature of the aqueous content of an unremittingly
	galled saucepan does not reach 212 degrees Fahrenheit.


I never saw a purple cow
I never hope to see one
But I can tell you anyhow
I'd rather see than be one.
		-- Gellett Burgess

I've never seen a purple cow
I never hope to see one
But from the milk we're getting now
There certainly must be one
		-- Ogden Nash

Ah, yes, I wrote "The Purple Cow"
I'm sorry now I wrote it
But I can tell you anyhow
I'll kill you if you quote it.
		-- Gellett Burgess, many years later


People (a group that in my opinion has always attracted an undue amount of
attention) have often been likened to snowflakes.  This analogy is meant to
suggest that each is unique -- no two alike.  This is quite patently not the
case.  People ... are simply a dime a dozen.  And, I hasten to add, their
only similarity to snowflakes resides in their invariable and lamentable
tendency to turn, after a few warm days, to slush.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


A midget had a date with a very tall girl.  It was a quiff-hanger.


Youth.  It's a wonder that anyone ever outgrows it.


There's nothing worse for your business than
extra Santa Clauses smoking in the men's room.
		-- W. Bossert


Excellent day to have a rotten day.


Sometimes I feel like I'm fading away,
Looking at me, I got nothin' to say.
Don't make me angry with the things games that you play,
Either light up or leave me alone.


The energy produced by the breaking down of the atom is a very poor kind
of thing.  Anyone who expects a source of power from the transformation
of these atoms is talking moonshine.
		-- Ernest Rutherford, after he had split the atom for
		   the first time


	When you see someone across the room and suddenly know for a fact
that he's the most wonderful man on earth, you've got instant lust on your
hands.  Something about the way his tie is knotted is infinitely intriguing
to you, and the swell of his bicep causes inner turmoil.  This is a happy
but fleeting state of affairs.  Usually your feelings die about thirty
seconds after you get up the courage to ask him for the time, since almost
invariably he can't speak English, and if he can, he always says, "Why,
sure, little lady, it's eleven-thirty.  Wanna get high?
	Don't bother thinking that instant lust will turn into the real thing.
It may, but then you may also wake up one morning to find you're the Queen of
Romania.
		-- Cynthia Hemiel, "Sex Tips for Girls"


Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
		-- Theophrastus


The louder he talked of his honour, the faster we counted our spoons.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


The plot was designed in a light vein that somehow became varicose.
		-- David Lardner


A friendly message from your Internal Revenue Service: tax time is
coming again soon.  Bend over.


You now have Asian Flu.


Q:	What happens when four WASPs find themselves in the same room?
A:	A dinner party.


C Code.
C Code Run.
Run, Code, RUN!
	PLEASE!!!!


Money and women are the most sought after and the least known of any two
things we have.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


This is the first numerical problem I ever did.  It demonstrates the
power of computers:

Enter lots of data on calorie & nutritive content of foods.  Instruct the
thing to maximize a function describing nutritive content, with a minimum
level of each component, for fixed caloric content.  The results are that
one should eat each day:

	1/2 chicken
	1 egg
	1 glass of skim milk
	27 heads of lettuce.
		-- Rev. Adrian Melott


The Tao is like a glob pattern:
used but never used up.
It is like the extern void:
filled with infinite possibilities.

It is masked but always present.
I don't know who built to it.
It came before the first kernel.


It is Mr. Mellon's credo that $200,000,000 can do no wrong.  Our
offense consists in doubting it.
		-- Justice Robert H. Jackson


It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.


Once he had one leg in the White House and the nation trembled under his
roars.  Now he is a tinpot pope in the Coca-Cola belt and a brother to the
forlorn pastors who belabor halfwits in galvanized iron tabernacles behind
the railroad yards."
		-- H. L. Mencken, writing of William Jennings Bryan,
		   counsel for the supporters of Tennessee's anti-evolution
		   law at the Scopes "Monkey Trial" in 1925.


If you think the United States has stood still, who built the largest
shopping center in the world?
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Santa Claus wears a red suit
He's a Communist.

He has long hair and a beard
Must be a pacifist.

And what's in the pipe that he's smoking?

Santa Claus comes in your house at night.
He must be a dope fiend to get you up tight.

Why do police guys beat on peace guys?
		-- Arlo Guthrie, "The Pause of Mr. Claus"


One good turn usually gets most of the blanket.


Reality is just a convenient measure of complexity.
		-- Alvy Ray Smith


Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity.
They seem more afraid of life than death.
		-- James F. Byrnes


Tourist to New Yorker:
	"Pardon me, sir, do you know what time it is, or should I
	just go fuck myself?"


I enjoy the time that we spend together.


Q:	How do you make an elephant float?
A:	You get two scoops of elephant and some root beer...


All of the true things I am about to tell you are shameless lies.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., "The Book of Bokonon"


He who laughs has not yet heard the bad news.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


Re: Graphics:
	A picture is worth 10K words -- but only those to describe
	the picture.  Hardly any sets of 10K words can be adequately
	described with pictures.


What publishers are looking for these days isn't radical feminism.
It's corporate feminism -- a brand of feminism designed to sell books
and magazines, three-piece suits, airline tickets, Scotch, cigarettes
and, most important, corporate America's message, which runs:  Yes,
women were discriminated against in the past, but that unfortunate
mistake has been remedied; now every woman can attain wealth, prestige
and power by dint of individual rather than collective effort.
		-- Susan Gordon


The man and woman make love, attain climax, fall separate.  Then she
whispers, "I'll tell you who I was thinking of if you tell me who you
were thinking of."  Like most sex jokes the origins of the pleasant
exchange are obscure.  But whatever the source, it seldom fails to evoke
a certain awful recognition.
		-- Gore Vidal, "New York Review of Books"


Between grand theft and a legal fee, there only stands a law degree.


Jesus loves you, but everybody else thinks you're a dork.


I've seen, I SAY, I've seen better heads on a mug of beer.
		-- Senator Claghorn


Lonely is a man without love.
		-- Engelbert Humperdinck


If puns were deli meat, this would be the wurst.


If you don't say anything, you won't be called on to repeat it.
		-- Calvin Coolidge


	"You mean, if you allow the master to be uncivil, to treat you
any old way he likes, and to insult your dignity, then he may deem you
fit to hear his view of things?"
	"Quite the contrary.  You must defend your integrity, assuming
you have integrity to defend.  But you must defend it nobly, not by
imitating his own low behavior.  If you are gentle where he is rough,
if you are polite where he is uncouth, then he will recognize you as
potentially worthy.  If he does not, then he is not a master, after all,
and you may feel free to kick his ass."
		-- Tom Robbins, "Jitterbug Perfume"


Don't quit now, we might just as well
lock the door and throw away the key.


In the beginning there was nothing.  And the Lord said "Let There Be Light!"
And still there was nothing, but at least now you could see it.


She always believed in the old adage -- leave them while you're looking
good.
		-- Anita Loos, "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes"


I kissed my first girl and smoked my first cigarette on the same day.
I haven't had time for tobacco since.
		-- Arturo Toscanini


Memory fault -- brain fried


Have you heard of those trollops of Birmingham
And the scandal that's currently concerning'em?
	How they lift the frock
	And tickle the cock
Of the bishop while he was confirming 'em?


Put a rogue in the limelight and he will act like an honest man.
		-- Napoleon Bonaparte, "Maxims"


The sixth sheik's sixth sheep's sick.
		-- [just say that five times...]


The opossum is a very sophisticated animal.  It doesn't even get up
until 5 or 6 PM.


History has the relation to truth that theology has to religion --
i.e., none to speak of.
		-- Lazarus Long


San Francisco is my kind of city,
Where the women are strong and the men are pretty.


At any given moment, an arrow must be either where it is or where it is
not.  But obviously it cannot be where it is not.  And if it is where
it is, that is equivalent to saying that it is at rest.
		-- Zeno's paradox of the moving (still?) arrow


The most delightful day after the one on which you buy a cottage in
the country is the one on which you resell it.
		-- J. Brecheux


C'est magnifique, mais ce n'est pas l'Informatique.
		-- Bosquet [on seeing the IBM 4341]


Hear about...
	the girl that wanted to impress her new boyfriend,
	so she put on her low-cut dress to show him a thing or two?


I will never lie to you.


IT MAKES ME MAD when I go to all the trouble of having Marta cook up about
a hundred drumsticks, then the guy at Marineland says, "You can't throw
that chicken to the dolphins. They eat fish."

Sure they eat fish if that's all you give them!  Man, wise up.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


A policeman is walking his beat when he finds an inebriated man collapsed
against a building, weeping uncontrollably and holding his car keys in his
hands.  He's moaning something about how "They took my car!"  Seeing that
the man is well-dressed, the officer suspects that he may have a real case
of theft on his hands and attempts to question the man.
	"What happened to your car?"
	"My car, it was right on the end of my key, and those bastards
stole it!  Please officer, get my Porsche back.  My God, it was right on
the end of my key!  Where is it?  They stole it and it was right here;
right on my key!"
	"OK, OK, stand up, we'll see what we can do.  You'll have to come
down to the stat...  Mister, your fly's unzipped and you're exposing
yourself!"
	"Oh my God, they stole my girlfriend!"


[Prime Minister Joseph] Chamberlain loves
the working man, he loves to see him work.
		-- Winston Churchill


Gentlemen do not read each other's mail.
		-- Secretary of State Henry Stimson, on closing down
		   the Black Chamber, the precursor to the National
		   Security Agency.


One hundred and one uses for canned peaches.
One hundred and two if you plan to eat them.


Variables don't; constants aren't.


The anger of a woman is the greatest evil
with which you can threaten your enemies.
		-- Bonnard


I have a very strange feeling about this...
		-- Luke Skywalker


You can move the world with an idea,
but you have to think of it first.


What's the use of a good quotation if you can't change it?
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


You might have mail.


It does not do to leave a live dragon out of your calculations.


Adult, n.:
	One old enough to know better.


Classical music is the kind we keep thinking will turn into a tune.
		-- Kin Hubbard, "Abe Martin's Sayings"


Why not, for example, offer a brand-new Mustang convertible to every girl
who consents to having her Fallopian tubes tied in a Gordian knot?  ... It
would have the additional benefit of eliminating from the gene pool those
stupid enough to consent to such a deal.
		-- Edward Abbey


Good day for overcoming obstacles.  Try a steeplechase.


All that glitters has a high refractive index.


I like being single.  I'm always there when I need me.
		-- Art Leo


You can't mend a wristwatch while falling from an airplane.


Nearly every complex solution to a programming problem that I
have looked at carefully has turned out to be wrong.
		-- Brent Welch


	Reporters like Bill Greider from the Washington Post and Him
Naughton of the New York Times, for instance, had to file long, detailed,
and relatively complex stories every day -- while my own deadline fell
every two weeks -- but neither of them ever seemed in a hurry about
getting their work done, and from time to time they would try to console
me about the terrible pressure I always seemed to be laboring under.
	Any $100-an-hour psychiatrist could probably explain this problem
to me, in thirteen or fourteen sessions, but I don't have time for that.
No doubt it has something to do with a deep-seated personality defect, or
maybe a kink in whatever blood vessel leads into the pineal gland...  On
the other hand, it might be something as simple & basically perverse as
whatever instinct it is that causes a jackrabbit to wait until the last
possible second to dart across the road in front of a speeding car.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing:
		   On the Campaign Trail"


A Fortran compiler is the hobgoblin of little minis.


Dreams are free, but you get soaked on the connect time.


Don't remember what you can infer.
		-- Harry Tennant


It is most dangerous nowadays for a husband to pay any attention to his
wife in public.  It always makes people think that he beats her when
they're alone.  The world has grown so suspicious of anything that looks
like a happy married life.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Life is not for everyone.


Perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things.


Why does New Jersey have more toxic waste dumps and California have
more lawyers?

New Jersey had first choice.


Chicago Transit Authority Rider's Rule #84:
	The CTA has complimentary pop-up timers available on request
for overheated passengers.  When your timer pops up, the driver will
cheerfully baste you.
		-- Chicago Reader 5/28/82


The three biggest software lies:

	1: *Of course* we'll give you a copy of the source.
	2: *Of course* the third party vendor we bought that from
		will fix the microcode.
	3: Beta test site?  No, *of course* you're not a beta test site.


	"Perhaps he is not honest," Mr. Frostee said inside Cobb's head,
sounding a bit worried.
	"Of course he isn't," Cobb answered. "What we have to look out for
is him calling the cops anyway, or trying to blackmail us for more money."
	"I think you should kill him and eat his brain," Mr. Frostee
said quickly.
	"That's not the answer to *every* problem in interpersonal relations,"
Cobb said, hopping out.
		-- Rudy Rucker, "Software"


O give me a home,
Where the buffalo roam,
Where the deer and the antelope play,
Where seldom is heard
A discouraging word,
'Cause what can an antelope say?


The worst thing about some men is that when they are not drunk they
are sober.
		-- William Butler Yeats


Chastity is its own punishment.


The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits.


The politician is someone who deals in man's problems of adjustment.
To ask a politician to lead us is to ask the tail of a dog to lead the dog.
		-- Buckminster Fuller


If the ends don't justify the means, then what does?
		-- Robert Moses


The flow chart is a most thoroughly oversold piece of program documentation.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


Half of being smart is knowing what you're dumb at.


FORTUNE EXPLAINS WHAT JOB REVIEW CATCH PHRASES MEAN:	#1

Skilled oral communicator:
	Mumbles inaudibly when attempting to speak.  Talks to self.
	Argues with self.  Loses these arguments.

Skilled written communicator:
	Scribbles well.  Memos are invariable illegible, except for
	the portions that attribute recent failures to someone else.

Growth potential:
	With proper guidance, periodic counseling, and remedial training,
	the reviewee may, given enough time and close supervision, meet
	the minimum requirements expected of him by the company.

Key company figure:
	Serves as the perfect counter example.


