Mrs. Kelly is partial to cocks;
Mr. Kelly likes rye on the rocks.
	When he's under the weather
	They can't get together,
So others get into her box.


The avocation of assessing the failures of better men can be turned
into a comfortable livelihood, providing you back it up with a Ph.D.
		-- Nelson Algren, "Writers at Work"


If you really want to do something new, the good won't help you with it.
Let me have men about me that are arrant knaves.  The wicked, who have
something on their conscience, are obliging, quick to hear threats, because
they know how it's done, and for booty.  You can offer them things because
they will take them.  Because they have no hesitations.  You can hang them
if they get out of step.  Let me have men about me that are utter villains
-- provided that I have the power, the absolute power, over life and death.
		-- Hermann Goering


	A novice programmer was once assigned to code a simple financial
package.
	The novice worked furiously for many days, but when his master
reviewed his program, he discovered that it contained a screen editor, a set
of generalized graphics routines, and artificial intelligence interface,
but not the slightest mention of anything financial.
	When the master asked about this, the novice became indignant.
"Don't be so impatient," he said, "I'll put the financial stuff in eventually."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


It's a poor workman who blames his tools.


	A manager asked a programmer how long it would take him to finish the
program on which he was working.  "I will be finished tomorrow," the programmer
promptly replied.
	"I think you are being unrealistic," said the manager. "Truthfully,
how long will it take?"
	The programmer thought for a moment.  "I have some features that I wish
to add.  This will take at least two weeks," he finally said.
	"Even that is too much to expect," insisted the manager, "I will be
satisfied if you simply tell me when the program is complete."
	The programmer agreed to this.
	Several years later, the manager retired.  On the way to his
retirement lunch, he discovered the programmer asleep at his terminal.
He had been programming all night.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


	Festivity Level 1: Your guests are chatting amiably with each
other, admiring your Christmas-tree ornaments, singing carols around
the upright piano, sipping at their drinks and nibbling hors
d'oeuvres.
	Festivity Level 2: Your guests are talking loudly -- sometimes
to each other, and sometimes to nobody at all, rearranging your
Christmas-tree ornaments, singing "I Gotta Be Me" around the upright
piano, gulping their drinks and wolfing down hors d'oeuvres.
	Festivity Level 3: Your guests are arguing violently with
inanimate objects, singing "I can't get no satisfaction," gulping down
other peoples' drinks, wolfing down Christmas tree ornaments and
placing hors d'oeuvres in the upright piano to see what happens when
the little hammers strike.
	Festivity Level 4: Your guests, hors d'oeuvres smeared all over
their naked bodies are performing a ritual dance around the burning
Christmas tree.  The piano is missing.

	You want to keep your party somewhere around level 3, unless
you rent your home and own Firearms, in which case you can go to level
4.  The best way to get to level 3 is egg-nog.


Give a man a free hand and he'll run it all over you.
		-- Mae West


Democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half
of the people are right more than half of the time.
		-- E. B. White


The only people for me are the mad ones -- the ones who are mad to live,
mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time,
the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn
like fabulous yellow Roman candles.
		-- Jack Kerouac, "On the Road"


Plaese porrf raed.
		-- Prof. Michael O'Longhlin, S.U.N.Y. Purchase


Oh I'm just a typical American boy
From a typical American town.
I believe in God and Senator Dodd
And keeping old Castro down.
And when it came my time to serve
I knew "Better Dead Than Red",
But when I got to my old draft board,
Buddy, this is what I said:

Chorus:
	Sarge, I'm only eighteen, I've got a ruptured spleen,
	And I always carry a purse!
	I've got eyes like a bat and my feet are flat,
	And my asthma's getting worse!
	Yes, think of my career and my sweetheart dear,
	And my poor old invalid aunt!
	Besides I ain't no fool, I'm a-going to school
	And I'm a-working in a defense plant!
		-- Phil Ochs, "Draft Dodger Rag"


Krogt, n. (chemical symbol: Kr):
	The metallic silver coating found on fast-food game cards.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


INTOXICATED:
	When you feel sophisticated without being able to pronounce it.


What did you do when the ship sank?
I grabbed a cake of soap and washed myself ashore.


Just because everything is different doesn't mean anything has changed.
		-- Irene Peter


It did not occur to me that my being with two men continuously would
interest anyone or arouse anyone's misgivings. I asked for an invitation
for Heinrich too, as often as it seemed possible, when Paulus and I were
invited to a social gathering. I felt the set of rules others lived by
was irrelevant. My childhood attitude -- every attempt to adjust is
hopeless and you might just as well follow your own attitudes -- must have
carried me.
		-- Hannah Tillich, "From Time to Time"


And if sometime, somewhere, someone asketh thee,
"Who kilt thee?", tell them it 'twas the Doones of Bagworthy!


The way to make a small fortune in the
commodities market is to start with a large fortune.


QOTD:
	"I opened Pandora's box, let the cat out of the bag and put the
	ball in their court."
		-- Hon. J. Hacker (The Ministry of Administrative Affairs)


The sex life of spiders is very interesting.
He fucks her.
She bites his head off.
		-- From a Women's Lib Poster


You've got to pity New Mexico... so far from heaven and so close to Texas.


When forecasting, give them a number
or give them a date, but never both.


Money will say more in one moment than
the most eloquent lover can in years.


The whole world is a scab.  The point is to pick it constructively.
		-- Peter Beard


Canonical, adj.:
	The usual or standard state or manner of something.  A true story:
One Bob Sjoberg, new at the MIT AI Lab, expressed some annoyance at the use
of jargon.  Over his loud objections, we made a point of using jargon as
much as possible in his presence, and eventually it began to sink in.
Finally, in one conversation, he used the word "canonical" in jargon-like
fashion without thinking.
	Steele: "Aha!  We've finally got you talking jargon too!"
	Stallman: "What did he say?"
	Steele: "He just used `canonical' in the canonical way."


prototype, n.
	First stage in the life cycle of a computer product, followed by
	pre-alpha, alpha, beta, release version, corrected release version,
	upgrade, corrected upgrade, etc.  Unlike its successors, the
	prototype is not expected to work.


Work is the crab grass in the lawn of life.
		-- Schulz


When the candles are out all women are fair.
		-- Plutarch


If you can't read this, blame a teacher.


Serocki's Stricture:
	Marriage is always a bachelor's last option.


Never buy from a rich salesman.
		-- Goldenstern


	You see, this girl wakes up one morning, rolls over and sees an
elephant in the bed with her.  Almost in shock, she says, "Did I pick you
up in the bar last night?"
	"Uh-huh," the  elephant replies.
	"Did I bring you home?"
	"Uh-huh."
	"Did we, uh, fool around?"
	"Uh-huh."
	"Lord, I must have been tight!"
	"Not any more."


Ignorance is the Mother of Devotion.
		-- Robert Burton


The rose of yore is but a name, mere names are left to us.


Eleven reasons a cucumber is better than a man:
	(1)  Cucumbers can stay up all night, and you won't have to
	     sleep in the wet spot.
	(2)  Cucumbers don't play the guitar and try to find
	     themselves.
	(3)  You won't find out later that your cucumber (a) is
	     married, (b) is on penicillin, (c) likes you -- but loves
	     your brother!
	(4)  A cucumber won't care what time of the month it is.
	(5)  A cucumber never wants to get it on when your nails are
	     wet.
	(6)  Cucumbers don't say "Let's keep trying until we have a
	     boy".
	(7)  Cucumbers won't tell you size doesn't count.
	(8)  A cucumber won't leave you for a cheerleader or an ex-nun.
	(9)  Cucumbers don't fall asleep on your chest or drool on the
	     pillow.
	(10) Cucumbers don't care if you make more money than they do.
	(11) With a cucumber, the toilet seat is always the way you
	     left it.


What on earth would a man do with himself
if something did not stand in his way?
		-- H. G. Wells


I suppose some of the variation between Boston drivers and the rest of the
country is due to the progressive Massachusetts Driver Education Manual which
I happen to have in my top desk drawer.  Some of the Tips for Better Driving
are worth considering, to wit:

[131.16d]:
	"Directional signals are generally not used except during vehicle
	inspection; however, a left-turn signal is appropriate when making
	a U-turn on a divided highway."

[96.7b]:
	"When paying tolls, remember that it is necessary to release the
	quarter a full 3 seconds before passing the basket if you are
	traveling more than 60 MPH."


To give of yourself, you must first know yourself.


I've only got 12 cards.


They're giving bank robbing a bad name.
		-- John Dillinger, on Bonnie and Clyde


Squatcho, n.:
	The button at the top of a baseball cap.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Its name is Public Opinion.  It is held in reverence.
It settles everything.  Some think it is the voice of God.
		-- Mark Twain


f u cn rd ths, u r prbbly a lsy spllr.


The Lord prefers common-looking people.  That is the reason that He makes
so many of them.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


	I disapprove of the F-word, not because it's dirty, but because we
use it as a substitute for thoughtful insults, and it frequently leads to
violence.  What we ought to do, when we anger each other, say, in traffic,
is exchange phone numbers, so that later on, when we've had time to think
of witty and learned insults or look them up in the library, we could call
each other up:
     You: Hello?  Bob?
     Bob: Yes?
     You: This is Ed.  Remember?  The person whose parking space you
	  took last Thursday?  Outside of Sears?
     Bob: Oh yes!  Sure!  How are you, Ed?
     You: Fine, thanks.  Listen, Bob, the reason I'm calling is:
	  "Madam, you may be drunk, but I am ugly, and ..."  No, wait.
	  I mean:  "you may be ugly, but I am Winston Churchill
	  and ..."  No, wait.  (Sound of reference book thudding onto
	  the floor.)  S-word.  Excuse me.  Look, Bob, I'm going to
	  have to get back to you.
     Bob: Fine.
		-- Dave Barry, "$#$%#^%!^%&@%@!"


If a shameless woman expects to be defiled and then dies of her fierce
love because you do not consent, will chastity also be homicide?
		-- Saint Augustine


Don't stop to stomp ants when the elephants are stampeding.


When a girl marries she exchanges the attentions of many men for the
inattentions of one.
		-- Helen Rowland


I went over to my friend, he was eatin' a pickle.
I said "Hi, what's happenin'?"
He said "Nothin'."
Try to sing this song with that kind of enthusiasm;
As if you just squashed a cop.
		-- Arlo Guthrie, "Motorcycle Song"


You love your home and want it to be beautiful.


Maternity pay?	Now every Tom, Dick and Harry will get pregnant.
		-- Malcolm Smith


Real computer scientists only write specs for languages that might run on
future hardware.  Nobody trusts them to write specs for anything homo sapiens
will ever be able to fit on a single planet.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(33) There will always be poor people.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Q:	How do you catch a unique rabbit?
A:	Unique up on it!

Q:	How do you catch a tame rabbit?
A:	The tame way!


Life -- Love It or Leave It.


There's little in taking or giving,
	There's little in water or wine:
This living, this living, this living,
	Was never a project of mine.
Oh, hard is the struggle, and sparse is
	The gain of the one at the top,
For art is a form of catharsis,
	And love is a permanent flop,
And work is the province of cattle,
	And rest's for a clam in a shell,
So I'm thinking of throwing the battle --
	Would you kindly direct me to hell?
		-- Dorothy Parker


When President Paul Doumer of France was assassinated in Paris in 1932,
newspapers differed in their versions of the event.  This is from "Paris
was Yesterday: 1925-1939" by Janet Flanner, edited by Irving Drutman.

	Taste varied as to his cry when he was shot down, the more popular
	papers preferring his despairing "Oh, la la!," the graver dailies
	favoring "Is it possible?"  What few reported were his dying words:
	"But what kind of chauffeur was it?"  Having been told by his aides
	not that he had been shot but that he had been struck by a taxi, the
	President spent the last conscious moments of his life wondering how
	an automobile got into the charity book sale at the Maison
	Rothschild, where his assassination occurred.


Hear about...
	the gay tattoo artist who had designs on several of the local
	sailors?


Oregon, n.:
	Eighty billion gallons of water with no place to go on Saturday
night.


I may not be totally perfect, but parts of me are excellent.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


Gleemites, n.:
	Petrified deposits of toothpaste found in sinks.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Hear about...
	the ambitious secretary who walked into her boss's office and
	demanded a salary on next week's advance?


	I'm sure that VMS is completely documented, I just haven't found the
right manual yet.  I've been working my way through the manuals in the document
library and I'm half way through the second cabinet, (3 shelves to go), so I
should find what I'm looking for by mid May.  I hope I can remember what it
was by the time I find it.
	I had this idea for a new horror film, "VMS Manuals from Hell" or maybe
"The Paper Chase: IBM vs. DEC".  It's based on Hitchcock's "The Birds", except
that it's centered around a programmer who is attacked by a swarm of binder
pages with an index number and the single line "This page intentionally left
blank."
		-- Alex Crain


Beware the new TTY code!


You may have heard that a dean is
to faculty as a hydrant is to a dog.
		-- Alfred Kahn


Nadia Comaneci, simple perfection.
		-- '76 Olympics


You know you've been spending too much time on the computer when your
friend misdates a check, and you suggest adding a "++" to fix it.


And if California slides into the ocean,
Like the mystics and statistics say it will.
I predict this motel will be standing,
Until I've paid my bill.
		-- Warren Zevon, "Desperados Under the Eaves"


Be incomprehensible.  If they can't understand, they can't disagree.


Never miss a good chance to shut up.


You will be divorced within a year.


	Churchill was known to drain a glass or two and, after one
particularly convivial evening, he chanced to encounter Miss Bessie Braddock,
a Socialist member of the House of Commons, who, upon seeing his condition,
said, "Winston, you're drunk."  Mustering all his dignity, Churchill drew
himself up to his full height, cocked an eyebrow and rejoined, "Shove it up
your ass, you ugly cunt."
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


In Xanadu did Kubla Khan
A stately pleasure dome decree:
Where Alph, the sacred river, ran
Through caverns measureless to man
Down to a sunless sea.
So twice five miles of fertile ground
With walls and towers were girdled round:
And there were gardens bright with sinuous rills,
Where blossomed many an incense-bearing tree;
And here were forest ancient as the hills,
Enfolding sunny spots of greenery.
		-- Samuel T. Coleridge, "Kubla Kahn"


Go placidly amid the noise and waste, and remember what value there may
be in owning a piece thereof.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


Winter is nature's way of saying, "Up yours."
		-- Robert Byrne


You'll wish that you had done some of the
hard things when they were easier to do.


She was only:
	a coal digger's daughter, but she'll always be mine.
	a statistician's daughter, but she knew all the standard deviations.
	a wrestler's daughter, but you should have seen her box.
	a moonshiner's daughter, but I loved her still.
	a chimney sweep's daughter, but she sure knew how to haul ash.
	a fireman's daughter, but her face was a cause for alarm.
	a banker's daughter, but she opened her drawers for cash.


... difference of opinion is advantageous in religion.  The several sects
perform the office of a common censor morum over each other.  Is uniformity
attainable?  Millions of innocent men, women, and children, since the
introduction of Christianity, have been burnt, tortured, fined, imprisoned;
yet we have not advanced one inch towards uniformity.
		-- Thomas Jefferson, "Notes on Virginia"


QOTD:
	"If he learns from his mistakes, pretty soon he'll know everything."


With her body, woman is more sincere than man; but with her mind
she lies.  And when she lies, she does not believe herself.
		-- Tolstoy


Nobody ever forgets where he buried the hatchet.
		-- Kin Hubbard


APPOINTMENT BOOK:
	The reference of last resort when trying to duck undesired
	invitations ("Gee, the soonest I can pencil you in is
	December, 2039"), or when trying to figure out what the hell
	it was you did during the past year.


Dear Abby:
	I have two brothers.  One was sent to the electric chair when I was
a child.  My mother died in an insane asylum.  My father is a pimp and my
sister is a very successful and highly paid prostitute.  My other brother
is a graduate student attending Purdue University.
	Recently I met a wonderful girl who has just been released from prison
for murdering her illegitimate child with a Zip-loc sandwich bag.  We're very
much in love and want to be married after her venereal disease is cured.
	My problem is this: should I tell her about my brother at Purdue?

		Sincerely,
		Undecided.


The Least Successful Equal Pay Advertisement
	In 1976 the European Economic Community pointed out to the Irish
Government that it had not yet implemented the agreed sex equality
legislation.  The Dublin Government immediately advertised for an equal pay
enforcement officer.  The advertisement offered different salary scales for
men and women.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


You will pass away very quickly.


He who dares the wrong, acts right, that's how it happens!
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Small things make base men proud.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


You can't start worrying about what's going to happen.
You get spastic enough worrying about what's happening now.
		-- Lauren Bacall


	"You have heard me speak of Professor Moriarty?"
	"The famous scientific criminal, as famous among crooks as --"
	"My blushes, Watson," Holmes murmured, in a deprecating voice.  "I
was about to say 'as he is unknown to the public.'"
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "The Valley of Fear"


Showing up is 80% of life.
		-- Woody Allen


To restore a sense of reality, I think
Walt Disney should have a Hardluckland.
		-- Jack Paar


I put the shotgun in an Adidas bag and padded it out with four pairs of
tennis socks, not my style at all, but that was what I was aiming for:  If
they think you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical, go
crude.  I'm a very technical boy.  So I decided to get as crude as possible.
These days, though, you have to be pretty technical before you can even
aspire to crudeness.
		-- William Gibson, "Johnny Mnemonic"


Kerr's Three Rules for a Successful College:
	Have plenty of football for the alumni, sex
	for the students, and parking for the faculty.


The Fifth Rule:
	You have taken yourself too seriously.


Most fish live underwater, which is a terrible place to have sex
because virtually anywhere you lie down there will be stinging crabs
and large quantities of little fish staring at you with buggy little
eyes.  So generally when two fish want to have sex, they swim around
and around for hours, looking for someplace to go, until finally the
female gets really tired and has a terrible headache, and she just
dumps her eggs right on the sand and swims away.  Then the male, driven
by some timeless, noble instinct for survival, eats the eggs.  So the
truth is that fish don't reproduce at all, but there are so many of
them that it doesn't make any difference.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sex and the Single Amoeba: What Every
		   Teen Should Know"


Unix is a Registered Bell of AT&T Trademark Laboratories.
		-- Donn Seeley


Drew's Law of Highway Biology:
	The first bug to hit a clean windshield
	lands directly in front of your eyes.


It's useless to try to hold some people to anything they say while they're
madly in love, drunk, or running for office.


This universe shipped by weight, not by volume.  Some expansion of the
contents may have occurred during shipment.


Our government has kept us in a perpetual state of fear -- kept us in
a continuous stampede of patriotic fervor -- with the cry of grave
national emergency... Always there has been some terrible evil to
gobble us up if we did not blindly rally behind it  by furnishing the
exorbitant sums demanded.  Yet, in retrospect, these disasters seem
never to have happened, seem never to have been quite real.
		-- General Douglas MacArthur (1957)


I worked in a health food store once.  A guy came in and asked me,
"If I melt dry ice, can I take a bath without getting wet?"
		-- Steven Wright


Hanging on in quiet desperation is the English way.
		-- Pink Floyd


All a hacker needs is a tight PUSHJ, a loose pair of UUOs, and a warm
place to shift.


The Shah of the Empire of Persia
Lay for days in a sexual merger.
	When the nautch asked the Shah,
	"Won't you ever withdraw?"
He replied with a yawn, "It's inertia."


The coast was clear.
		-- Lope de Vega


Man in stall:
	Hey, buddy?  Is there any toilet paper out there?
Man at sink:
	No, I don't see any.  Just a second...  Nope, none in
	any of the other stalls either.
A minute passes.
Man in stall:
	Say, buddy?
Man at sink:
	Yeah?
Man in stall:
	You got change for a ten?


Two hundred years ago today, Irma Chine of White Plains, New York, was
performing her normal housekeeping routines.  She was interrupted by
British soldiers who, rallying to the call of their supervisor, General
Hughes, sought to gain control of the voter registration lists kept in
her home.  Masking her fear and thinking fast, Mrs. Chine quickly divided
a nearby apple in two and deftly stored the list in its center.  Upon
entering, the British blatantly violated every conceivable convention,
and, though they went through the house virtually bit by bit, their
search was fruitless.  They had to return empty handed.  Word of the
incident propagated rapidly through the region.  This historic event
became the first documented use of core storage for the saving of registers.


The future is going to be boring.
		-- J. G. Ballard


No guts, no glory.


Rarely do people communicate; they just take turns talking.


It seems that John gets this phone call:
	"Hello," he answers.  The voice on the other end of the line
is hard and cold.
	"This is Susan," he hears.  "We met at a party a few months
ago.
	"Of course, Susan!", John replies.  "How are you?"
	"Not very well.  Remember how after the party you took me home and
we parked?  And you told me that I was a 'good sport'?  Well, I'm pregnant
and I'm going to kill myself tonight."
	John is silent for a few moments, collecting his thoughts.  "Well,"
he finally replies, "you sure *are* a good sport."


The big question is why in the course of evolution the males permitted
themselves to be so totally eclipsed by the females.  Why do they tolerate
this total subservience, this wretched existence as outcasts who are
hungry all the time?


QOTD:
	"Y'know how s'm people treat th'r body like a TEMPLE?
	Well, I treat mine like 'n AMUSEMENT PARK...  S'great..."


She's such a kinky girl,
The kind you don't take home to mother.
She will never let your spirits down
Once you get her off the street.


Why I Can't Go Out With You:

I'd LOVE to, but...
	-- I have to answer all of my "occupant" letters.
	-- None of my socks match.
	-- I'm having all my plants neutered.
	-- I changed the lock on my door and now I can't get out.
	-- My yucca plant is feeling yucky.
	-- I'm touring China with a wok band.
	-- My chocolate-appreciation class meets that night.
	-- I'm running off to Yugoslavia with a foreign-exchange student
		named Basil Metabolism.
	-- There are important world issues that need worrying about.
	-- I'm going to count the bristles in my toothbrush.
	-- I prefer to remain an enigma.
	-- I think you want the OTHER Peggy/Cathy/Mike/whomever.
	-- I feel a song coming on.


Q:	What's black and white and red all over?
A:	Half a nun.


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"Without the wind, the grass does not move.  Without software,
	hardware is useless."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Johnson's law:
	Systems resemble the organizations that create them.


There is a 20% chance of tomorrow.


The Commandments of the EE:

9:	Trifle thee not with radioactive tubes and substances lest thou
	commence to glow in the dark like a lightning bug, and thy wife be
	frustrated and have not further use for thee except for thy wages.
10:	Commit thou to memory all the words of the prophets which are
	written down in thy Bible which is the National Electrical Code,
	and giveth out with the straight dope and consoleth thee when
	thou hast suffered a ream job by the chief electrician.
11:	When thou muckest about with a device in an unthinking and/or
	unknowing manner, thou shalt keep one hand in thy pocket.  Better
	that thou shouldest keep both hands in thy pockets than
	experimentally determine the electrical potential of an
	innocent-seeming device.


You first have to decide whether to use the short or the long form.
The short form is what the Internal Revenue Service calls "simplified",
which means it is designed for people who need the help of a Sears
tax-preparation expert to distinguish between their first and last
names.  Here's the complete text:

	"(1) How much did you make?  (AMOUNT)
	"(2) How much did we here at the government take out?  (AMOUNT)
	"(3) Hey!  Sounds like we took too much!  So we're going to
	     send an official government check for (ONE-FIFTEENTH OF
	     THE AMOUNT WE TOOK) directly to the (YOUR LAST NAME)
	     household at (YOUR ADDRESS), for you to spend in any way
	     you please! Which just goes to show you, (YOUR FIRST
	     NAME), that it pays to file the short form!"

The IRS wants you to use this form because it gets to keep most of your
money.  So unless you have pond silt for brains, you want the long
form.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sweating Out Taxes"


They're giving bank robbing a bad name.
		-- John Dillinger, on Bonnie and Clyde


Joe's sister puts spaghetti in her shoes!


	"You mean, if you allow the master to be uncivil, to treat you
any old way he likes, and to insult your dignity, then he may deem you
fit to hear his view of things?"
	"Quite the contrary.  You must defend your integrity, assuming
you have integrity to defend.  But you must defend it nobly, not by
imitating his own low behavior.  If you are gentle where he is rough,
if you are polite where he is uncouth, then he will recognize you as
potentially worthy.  If he does not, then he is not a master, after all,
and you may feel free to kick his ass."
		-- Tom Robbins, "Jitterbug Perfume"


When you're ready to give up the struggle, who can you surrender to?


Q:	Why do women love Pacman?
A:	Only place you can get eaten three times for a quarter.


Logic is a pretty flower that smells bad.


Experience is a good teacher, but she sends in terrific bills.
		-- Minna Antrim, "Naked Truth and Veiled Allusions"


Premature optimization is the root of all evil.
		-- Donald E. Knuth


David Letterman's "Things we can be proud of as Americans":

	* Greatest number of citizens who have actually boarded a UFO
	* Many newspapers feature "JUMBLE"
	* Hourly motel rates
	* Vast majority of Elvis movies made here
	* Didn't just give up right away during World War II
		like some countries we could mention
	* Goatees & Van Dykes thought to be worn only by weenies
	* Our well-behaved golf professionals
	* Fabulous babes coast to coast


Italic, adj.:
	Slanted to the right to emphasize key phrases.  Unique to
	Western alphabets; in Eastern languages, the same phrases
	are often slanted to the left.


The police were investigating the mysterious death of a prominent businessman
who had jumped from a window of his 11th story office.  His voluptuous private
secretary could offer no explanation for the action but said that her boss had
been acting peculiarly ever since she started working for him a month ago.
	"After my very first week on the job," she said, "I received a
twenty-dollar raise.  At the end of the second week he called me into his
private office, gave me a lovely black nightie, five pairs of nylon stockings
and said, 'These are for a beautiful, efficient secretary.'  At the end of the
third week he gave me a gorgeous mink stole.  Then, this afternoon, he called me
into his private office again, presented me with this fabulous diamond bracelet
and asked me if I would consider making love to him and what it would cost.
I told him I would, and because he had been so nice to me, he could have it
for five dollars, although I was charging all the other boys in the office ten
dollars.  That's when he jumped out the window."


Virginia law forbids bathtubs in the house; tubs must be kept in the
yard.


Be sure to evaluate the bird-hand/bush ratio.


How doth the VAX's C-compiler
	Improve its object code.
And even as we speak does it
	Increase the system load.

How patiently it seems to run
	And spit out error flags,
While users, with frustration, all
	Tear all their clothes to rags.


We have more to fear from the bungling of the incompetent
than from the machinations of the wicked.


The wise man seeks everything in himself;
the ignorant man tries to get everything from somebody else.


Democracy is a device that insures we shall be governed no better than
we deserve.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


	The Martian landed his saucer in Manhattan, and immediately upon
emerging was approached by a panhandler.  "Mister," said the man, "can I
have a quarter?"
	The Martian asked, "What's a quarter?"
	The panhandler thought a minute, brightened, then said, "You're
right!  Can I have a dollar?"


71:
	69 with two fingers up your ass.
		-- George Carlin


