Adde parvum parvo manus acervus erit.
[Add little to little and there will be a big pile.]
		-- Ovid


Evening hours "all clear" for romance!
(Tell mate you have to work late.)


The only "ism" Hollywood believes in is plagiarism.
		-- Dorothy Parker


The concept seems to be clear by now.  It has been
defined several times by examples of what it is not.


You notice that after Ginzburg admitted he had tried marijuana everyone
got in line to admit it, too.  But you also notice they all said they
"experimented" with marijuana.  The didn't "use" it; they "experimented"
with it.  Let me tell you something -- Jonas Salk "experiments"; these
guys were getting stoned!
		-- Johnny Carson


The most unfair thing about STDs (sexually transmitted diseases) is
that the guys who bought vasectomies have to wear condoms anyway.


Change your thoughts and you change your world.


Except for 75% of the women, everyone in the whole world wants to have sex.
		-- Ellyn Mustard


Your present plans will be successful.


I came; I saw; I fucked up.


Practice is the best of all instructors.
		-- Publilius


Pee-wee Recommends:

When Pee-wee Herman was arrested that evening in Sarasota, Florida,
the bill at the XXX South Trail Cinema featured:

	+ Nurse Nancy, starring Sandra Scream
	+ Turn Up the Heat, starring Savannah
	+ Tiger Shark, starring Raven


Sex is just one damp thing after another.


New York is real.  The rest is done with mirrors.


Let a Field Service Engineer put it in.


Real programmers don't document; if it was
hard to write, it should be hard to understand.


New York now leads the world's great cities in the number of people around
whom you shouldn't make a sudden move.
		-- David Letterman


Hear about...
	the inexperienced stenographer who discovered that she could lose
	a lot more than letters behind the files?


If in any problem you find yourself doing an immense amount of work, the
answer can be obtained by simple inspection.


As failures go, attempting to recall the past is like trying to grasp
the meaning of existence.  Both make one feel like a baby clutching at
a basketball: one's palms keep sliding off.
		-- Joseph Brodsky


Someday your prints will come.
		-- Kodak


Dave has an aeroplane,
In which he likes to frisk.
Oh what a foolish boy,
His silly *.


The Least Successful Defrosting Device
	The all-time record here is held by Mr. Peter Rowlands of Lancaster
whose lips became frozen to his lock in 1979 while blowing warm air on it.
	"I got down on my knees to breathe into the lock.  Somehow my lips
got stuck fast."
	While he was in the posture, an old lady passed an inquired if he
was all right.  "Alra?  Igmmlptk", he replied at which point she ran away.
	"I tried to tell her what had happened, but it came out sort of...
muffled," explained Mr. Rowlands, a pottery designer.
	He was trapped for twenty minutes ("I felt a bit foolish") until
constant hot breathing brought freedom.  He was subsequently nicknamed "Hot
Lips".
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Q:	What did Jesus tell the Aggies?
A:	Play dumb until the second coming.


Sho' they got to have it against the law.  Shoot, ever'body git high,
they wouldn't be nobody git up and feed the chickens.  Hee-hee.
		-- Terry Southern


	The honeymooning couple agreed it was a fine day for horseback riding.
After a mile or so, the bride's mount cantered under a low tree and a
branch scraped her forehead lightly.  The groom dismounted, glared at his
wife's horse, and said, "That's number one."
	The ride then proceeded.  After another mile or so, the bride's
horse stumbled over a pebble and the lady suffered a slight jostling.
Again, her man leapt from his saddle and strode over to the nervous animal.
"That's two," he said.
	Five miles later, the bride's horse became frightened when a rabbit
crossed its path, reared up and threw the girl.  Immediately, the groom was
off his horse.  "That's three!", he shouted, and, pulling out a pistol, he
shot the horse between the eyes.
	"You brute!" shrieked his bride.  "Now I see the kind of man I
married!  You're a sadist, that's what!"
	The groom turned to her coolly.  "That's one," he said.


When the Apple IIc was introduced, the informative copy led off with a couple
of asterisked sentences:

	It weighs less than 8 pounds.*
	And costs less than $1,300.**

In tiny type were these "fuller explanations":

      * Don't asterisks make you suspicious as all get out?  Well, all
	this means is that the IIc alone weights 7.5 pounds. The power
	pack, monitor, an extra disk drive, a printer and several bricks
	will make the IIc weigh more. Our lawyers were concerned that you
	might not be able to figure this out for yourself.

     ** The FTC is concerned about price fixing. You can pay more if
	you really want to.  Or less.
		-- Forbes


Cleaning your house while your kids are still growing is like shoveling
the walk before it stops snowing.
		-- Phyllis Diller


A chiseler is a man who goes stag to a wife-swapping party.


Q:	What lies on the bottom of the ocean and twitches?
A:	A nervous wreck.


Illinois isn't exactly the land that God forgot:
it's more like the land He's trying to ignore.


Every one says that politicians lie all the time, and that just isn't so!
But you do have to understand body language to know when they're lying and
when they aren't.

	When a politician rubs his nose, he isn't lying.
	When a politician tugs on his ear, he isn't lying.
	When a politician scratches his collar bone, he isn't lying.
	When his mouth starts moving, that's when he's lying!


I wish a robot would get elected president.  That way, when he came to town,
we could all take a shot at him and not feel too bad.
		-- Jack Handey


Q:	What's the difference between a JAP and a baby elephant?
A:	About 10 pounds.

Q:	How do you make them the same?
A:	Force feed the elephant.


You may already be a loser.
		-- Form letter received by Rodney Dangerfield


When you go into court you are putting your fate into the hands of twelve
people who weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty.
		-- Norm Crosby


These activities have their own rules and methods
of concealment which seek to mislead and obscure.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower, 1960


news: gotcha


A year spent in Artificial Intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.


The Great Movie Posters:

*A Giggle Gurgling Gulp of Glee*
With Pretty Girls, Peppy Scenes, and Gorgeous Revues -- plus a good story.
		-- Tea with a Kick (1924)

Whoopie!  Let's go!... Hand-picked Beauties doing cute tricks!
GET IN THE KNOW FOR THE HEY-HEY WHOOPIE!
		-- The Wild Party (1929)

YOU HEAR HIM MAKE LOVE!
DIX -- the dashing soldier!
	DIX -- the bold adventurer!
		DIX -- the throbbing lover!
		-- The Wheel of Life (1929)

SEE CHARLES BUTTERWORTH DRIVE A STREETCAR AND SING LOVE
SONGS TO HIS MARE "MITZIE"!
		-- The Night is Young (1934)


Q:	What do you get when you cross a rooster with a telephone pole?
A:	A thirty foot cock that wants to reach out and touch someone!


Another day, another dollar.
		-- Vincent J. Fuller, defense lawyer for John Hinckley,
		   upon Hinckley's acquittal for shooting President Ronald
		   Reagan.


Hit them biscuits with another touch of gravy,
Burn that sausage just a match or two more done.
Pour my black old coffee longer,
While that smell is gettin' stronger
A semi-meal ain't nuthin' much to want.

Loan me ten, I got a feelin' it'll save me,
With an ornery soul who don't shoot pool for fun,
If that coat'll fit you're wearin',
The Lord'll bless your sharin'
A semi-friend ain't nuthin' much to want.

And let me halfway fall in love,
For part of a lonely night,
With a semi-pretty woman in my arms.
Yes, I could halfway fall in deep--
Into a snugglin', lovin' heap,
With a semi-pretty woman in my arms.
		-- Elroy Blunt


I went on to test the program in every way I could devise.  I strained it to
expose its weaknesses.  I ran it for high-mass stars and low-mass stars, for
stars born exceedingly hot and those born relatively cold.  I ran it assuming
the superfluid currents beneath the crust to be absent -- not because I wanted
to know the answer, but because I had developed an intuitive feel for the
answer in this particular case.  Finally I got a run in which the computer
showed the pulsar's temperature to be less than absolute zero.  I had found
an error.  I chased down the error and fixed it.  Now I had improved the
program to the point where it would not run at all.
		-- George Greenstein, "Frozen Star:
		   Of Pulsars, Black Holes and the Fate of Stars"


You'd best be snoozin', 'cause you don't
be gettin' no work done at 5 a.m. anyway.
		-- From the wall of the Wurster Hall stairwell


For the next hour, WE will control all that you see and hear.


Future will arrive by its own means.  Progress not so.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


A bachelor is a selfish, undeserving guy
who has cheated some woman out of a divorce.
		-- Don Quinn


Hewett's Observation:
	The rudeness of a bureaucrat is inversely proportional to his or
	her position in the governmental hierarchy and to the number of
	peers similarly engaged.


We warn the reader in advance that the proof presented here
depends on a clever but highly unmotivated trick.
		-- Howard Anton, "Elementary Linear Algebra"


A yawn is a silent shout.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


Stress, n.:
	The confusion created when one's mind overrides the body's
	desire to choke the living shit out of some asshole who
	desperately needs it.


St. Patrick was a gentleman
who through strategy and stealth
drove all the snakes from Ireland.
Here's a toasting to his health --
but not too many toastings
lest you lose yourself and then
forget the good St. Patrick
and see all those snakes again.


A gossip is one who talks to you about others, a bore is one who talks to
you about himself; and a brilliant conversationalist is one who talks to
you about yourself.
		-- Lisa Kirk


Silverman's Law:
	If Murphy's Law can go wrong, it will.


Christ died for our sins, so let's not disappoint Him.


It's not reality that's important, but how you perceive things.


Necessity hath no law.
		-- Oliver Cromwell


While you recently had your problems on the run,
they've regrouped and are making another attack.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(29) The Los Angeles Raiders will never be the team they were when they
     called Oakland home.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Prosperity makes friends, adversity tries them.
		-- Publilius Syrus


It's multiple choice time...

	What is FORTRAN?

	a: Between thre and fiv tran.
	b: What two computers engage in before they interface.
	c: Ridiculous.


He's been like a father to me,
He's the only DJ you can get after three,
I'm an all-night musician in a rock and roll band,
And why he don't like me I don't understand.
		-- The Byrds


Real Users find the one combination of bizarre input values that shuts
down the system for days.


Women who want to be equal to men lack imagination
		-- Graffito in a women's restroom


He who hesitates is last.


Very few profundities can be expressed in less than 80 characters.


Chemist who falls in acid will be tripping for weeks.


A proper wife should be as obedient as a slave... The female is a female
by virtue of a certain lack of qualities -- a natural defectiveness.
		-- Aristotle


The way to a man's heart is through his
wife's belly, and don't you forget it.
		-- Edward Albee, "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?"


Sometimes I feel like I'm fading away,
Looking at me, I got nothin' to say.
Don't make me angry with the things games that you play,
Either light up or leave me alone.


Only two groups of people fall for flattery -- men and women.


The world's great men have not commonly been great scholars,
nor its great scholars great men.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


For myself, I can only say that I am astonished and somewhat terrified at
the results of this evening's experiments.  Astonished at the wonderful
power you have developed, and terrified at the thought that so much hideous
and bad music may be put on record forever.
		-- Sir Arthur Sullivan, message to Edison, 1888


Every morning, I get up and look through the "Forbes" list of the
richest people in America.  If I'm not there, I go to work.
		-- Robert Orben


When God endowed human beings with brains,
He did not intend to guarantee them.


Woodward's Law:
	A theory is better than its explanation.


For a good time, call 632-9485.  Ask for Michael.


The difference between America and England is, the English think 100
miles is a long distance and the Americans think 100 years is a long time.


The perfect woman:
	Four feet tall, no teeth and a flat head so you can rest
	your drink.

	[Pistol-grip ears?  Ed.]


To our sweethearts and wives.  May they never meet.
		-- 19th century toast


When you speak to others for their own good it's advice;
when they speak to you for your own good it's interference.


Laughing at you is like drop kicking a wounded humming bird.


Saint Peteer was once heard to boast
That he'd had all the heavenly host:
	The Father and Son,
	And then - just for fun -
The hole in the Holy Ghost.


Authors (and perhaps columnists) eventually rise to the top of whatever
depths they were once able to plumb.
		-- Stanley Kaufman


In my world, there are people in chains and we can ride them like ponies.
		-- Evil Willow, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Doppelgangland"
		   Season 3, Episode 16


Larkinson's Law:
	All laws are basically false.


One advantage of talking to yourself is that you know at least
somebody's listening.
		-- Franklin P. Jones


Marriage has driven more than one man to sex.
		-- Peter De Vries


Adam's Law:
	(1)  Women don't know what they want;
	     they don't like what they have got.
	(2)  Men know very well what they want;
	     having got it, they begin to lose interest.


San Francisco is my kind of city,
Where the women are strong and the men are pretty.


Little Miss Muffet sat on a tuffet,
Her knickers all tattered and torn.
For it wasn't a spider that sat down beside her,
But Little Boy Blue with his horn!


You should emulate your heros, but don't carry it too far.  Especially
if they are dead.


There is nothing wrong with writing ... as long as it
is done in private and you wash your hands afterward.


Enhance, v.:
	To tamper with an image, usually to its detriment.


The superpowers often behave like two heavily armed blind men feeling
their way around a room, each believing himself in mortal peril from
the other, whom he assumes to have perfect vision.  Each tends to
ascribe to the other side a consistency, foresight and coherence that
its own experience belies.  Of course, even two blind men can do
enormous damage to each other, not to speak of the room.
		-- Henry Kissinger


Nice guys finish last.
		-- Leo Durocher


I dined with Lord Hughing Fitz-Bluing
Who said, "Do you squirm when you're screwing?"
	I replied, "Simple shagging
	Without any wagging
Is only for screwing canoeing."


