Whom computers would destroy, they must first drive insane.


Lack of money is the root of all evil.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Nonsense and beauty have close connections.
		-- E. M. Forster


X-rated movies are all alike -- the only thing
they leave to the imagination is the plot.


It was Penguin lust... at its ugliest.


What is algebra, exactly?  Is it one of those three-cornered things?
		-- J. M. Barrie


You like to form new friendships and make new acquaintances.


A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who has never
learned to walk.
		-- Franklin D. Roosevelt


FreeBSD: putting the horse before the cart since 1992.
		-- Warner Losh


But the greatest Electrical Pioneer of them all was Thomas Edison, who
was a brilliant inventor despite the fact that he had little formal
education and lived in New Jersey.  Edison's first major invention in
1877, was the phonograph, which could soon be found in thousands of
American homes, where it basically sat until 1923, when the record was
invented.  But Edison's greatest achievement came in 1879, when he
invented the electric company.  Edison's design was a brilliant
adaptation of the simple electrical circuit: the electric company sends
electricity through a wire to a customer, then immediately gets the
electricity back through another wire, then (this is the brilliant
part) sends it right back to the customer again.

This means that an electric company can sell a customer the same batch
of electricity thousands of times a day and never get caught, since
very few customers take the time to examine their electricity closely.
In fact the last year any new electricity was generated in the United
States was 1937; the electric companies have been merely re-selling it
ever since, which is why they have so much free time to apply for rate
increases.
		-- Dave Barry, "What is Electricity?"


Chef, n.:
	Any cook who swears in French.


A bunch of Polish scientists decided to flee their repressive government by
hijacking an airliner and forcing the pilot to fly them to the West.  They
drove to the airport, forced their way on board a large passenger jet, and
found there was no pilot on board.  Terrified, they listened as the sirens
got louder.  Finally, one of the scientists suggested that since he was an
experimentalist, he would try to fly the aircraft.
	He sat down at the controls and tried to figure them out.  The sirens
got louder and louder.  Armed men surrounded the jet.  The would be pilot's
friends cried out, "Please, please take off now!!!  Hurry!!!"
	The experimentalist calmly replied, "Have patience.  I'm just a simple
pole in a complex plane."


Whom the mad would destroy, first they make Gods.
		-- Bernard Levin


Paranoia is simply an optimistic outlook on life.


	A musical reviewer admitted he always praised the first show of a
new theatrical season.  "Who am I to stone the first cast?"


Lots of girls can be had for a song.
Unfortunately, it often turns out to be the wedding march.


There is always more hell that needs raising.
		-- Lauren Leveut


There are three reasons for becoming a writer: the first is that you need
the money; the second that you have something to say that you think the
world should know; the third is that you can't think what to do with the
long winter evenings.
		-- Quentin Crisp


Some of us are becoming the men we wanted to marry.
		-- Gloria Steinem


Excerpt from a DEC field service document:

....
- none of these should have made it to customers.  BUT you could loosen the
screws and lift system board at fan end while powering on to see if OCP
comes up - this is not recommended unless you have three hands.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#18

Sexual frequency:
	The average man would prefer having sex every evening, or every
morning, or maybe both if he's under 25.  The average woman would like to
have sex non-stop all weekend, once a month.

Shopping:
	It's no coincidence that L.L. Bean, Sears, and Roebuck were all men.
Men don't like to shop.  If a man can't foist the job off on some woman, he
will grit his teeth and plan the outing as he would a jungle expedition.
He wants a map of the store showing where he has to go to get item X in
color Y in the correct size, which he doesn't know.  Even then it takes him
half an hour to get there from the entrance.  When he's finally accomplished
his mission, he'll discover that he forgot his checkbook.  Women shop to
relax.


Tim and I a hunting went
We found three damsels in a tent,
As they were three, and we were two,
I bucked one and Timbuktu.
		-- the only known poem using the word "Timbuktu"


Menage a trois, n.:
	Using both hands to masturbate.


Ever since prehistoric times, wise men have tried to understand what,
exactly, make people laugh.  That's why they were called "wise men."
All the other prehistoric people were out puncturing each other with
spears, and the wise men were back in the cave saying: "How about:
Would you please take my wife?  No.  How about: Here is my wife, please
take her right now.  No.  How about:  Would you like to take something?
My wife is available.  No.  How about ..."
		-- Dave Barry, "Why Humor is Funny"


"I'm dying," he croaked.
"My experiment was a success," the chemist retorted.
"You can't really train a beagle," he dogmatized.
"That's no beagle, it's a mongrel," she muttered.
"The fire is going out," he bellowed.
"Bad marksmanship," the hunter groused.
"You ought to see a psychiatrist," he reminded me.
"You snake," she rattled.
"Someone's at the door," she chimed.
"Company's coming," she guessed.
"Dawn came too soon," she mourned.
"I think I'll end it all," Sue sighed.
"I ordered chocolate, not vanilla," I screamed.
"Your embroidery is sloppy," she needled cruelly.
"Where did you get this meat?" he bridled hoarsely.
		-- Gyles Brandreth, "The Joy of Lex"


Ehrman's Commentary:
	(1) Things will get worse before they get better.
	(2) Who said things would get better?


The difference between art and science is that science is what we
understand well enough to explain to a computer.  Art is everything else.
		-- Donald E. Knuth, "Discover"


I have a rock garden.  Last week three of them died.
		-- Richard Diran


Catch a wave and you're sitting on top of the world.
		-- The Beach Boys


My love, he's mad, and my love, he's fleet,
	And a wild young wood-thing bore him!
The ways are fair to his roaming feet,
	And the skies are sunlit for him.
As sharply sweet to my heart he seems
	As the fragrance of acacia.
My own dear love, he is all my dreams --
	And I wish he were in Asia.
		-- Dorothy Parker, part 2


A Nixon [is preferable to] a Dean Rusk -- who will be passionately
wrong with a high sense of consistency.
		-- J. K. Galbraith


They don't suffer.  They can't even speak English.
		-- George F. Baer, answering a reporter's
		   question about the suffering of starving miners.


Princeton's taste is sweet like a strawberry tart.  Harvard's is a subtle
taste, like whiskey, coffee, or tobacco.  It may even be a bad habit, for
all I know.
		-- Prof. J. H. Finley '25


Nice guys get sick.


Q:	How do you catch a unique rabbit?
A:	Unique up on it!

Q:	How do you catch a tame rabbit?
A:	The tame way!


Your code should be more efficient!


You feel a whole lot more like you do
now than you did when you used to.


America is the country where you buy a lifetime
supply of aspirin for one dollar, and use it up in two weeks.


The trouble with this country is that there are too many politicians
who believe, with a conviction based on experience, that you can fool
all of the people all of the time.
		-- Franklin Adams


Mr. Rockford?  This is Betty Joe Withers.  I got four shirts of yours from
the Bo Peep Cleaners by mistake.  I don't know why they gave me men's
shirts but they're going back.


The quality of a blow-job is determined by the
length of sheet you have to pull out of your ass.


Fats Loves Madelyn.


Sixteen'll get you twenty.


Ronald Reagan -- America's favorite placebo


Q:	How can you tell when a WASP is sexually aroused?
A:	By the stiff upper lip.


Polish fly, n.:
	You put it in her drink and she begs you to take her bowling.


It's our fault.  We should have given him better parts.
		-- Jack Warner, on hearing that Reagan had been
		   elected governor of California.

[Warner is also reported to have said, when told of Reagan's candidacy
for governor, "No, Jimmy Stewart for Governor; Reagan for best friend."]


Just go with the flow control, roll with the crunches, and, when you get
a prompt, type like hell.


We ... make the modern error of dignifying the Individual.  We do everything
we can to butter him up.  We give him a name, assure him that he has certain
inalienable rights, educate him, let him pass on his name to his brats and
when he dies we give him a special hole in the ground ... But after all, he's
only  a seed, a bloom and a withering stalk among pressing billions.  Your
Individual is a pretty disgusting, vain, lewd little bastard ... By God,
he has only one right guaranteed him in Nature, and that is the right to die
and stink to Heaven.
		-- Ross Lockridge, quoted in "Short Lives" by Katinka Matson


You know you're in trouble when...
(1)	You've been at work for an hour before you notice that your
		skirt is caught in your pantyhose.
(2)	Your blind date turns out to be your ex-wife.
(3)	Your income tax check bounces.
(4)	You put both contact lenses in the same eye.
(5)	Your wife says, "Good morning, Bill" and your name is George.
(6)	You wake up to the soothing sound of flowing water... the day
		after you bought a waterbed.
(7)	You go on your honeymoon to a remote little hotel and the desk
		clerk, bell hop, and manager have a "Welcome Back" party
		for your spouse.


Life is a concentration camp.  You're stuck here and there's no way
out and you can only rage impotently against your persecutors.
		-- Woody Allen


A company is known by the men it keeps.


Q:	How do you tell that your roommate's gay?
A:	When his cock tastes like shit.


Mittsquinter, adj.:
	A ballplayer who looks into his glove after missing the ball,
	as if, somehow, the cause of the error lies there.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Get in touch with your feelings of hostility against the dying light.
		-- Dylan Thomas


Finish the sentence below in 25 words or less:

	"Love is what you feel just before you give someone a good ..."

Mail your answer along with the top half of your supervisor to:

	P.O. Box 35
	Baffled Greek, Michigan


	"Well, it's a little rough... it might not be necessary to drag him 40
blocks.  Maybe just four.  You could put him in the trunk for the first 36
blocks, then haul him out and drag him the last four; that would certainly
scare the piss out of him, bumping alone the street, feeling all his skin being
ripped off..."
	"He'd be a bloody mess.  They might think he was just some drunk and
let him lie there all night."
	"Don't worry about that.  They have a guard station in front of the
White House that's open 24 hours a day.  The guards would recognize Colson...
and by that time of course his wife would have called the cops and reported
that a bunch of thugs had kidnapped him."
	"Wouldn't it be a little kinder if you drove about four more blocks
and stopped at a phone box to ring the hospital and say, 'Would you mind going
around to the front of the White House?  There's a naked man lying outside
in the street, bleeding to death...'"
	"... and we think it's Mr. Colson."
	"It would be quite a story for the newspapers, wouldn't it?"
	"Yeah, I think it's safe to say we'd see some headlines on that one."
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, talking to R. Steadman on C. Colson,
		   ex-Marine captain, now born again, of Watergate fame.


We are confronted with insurmountable opportunities.
		-- Walt Kelly, "Pogo"


At Group L, Stoffel oversees six first-rate programmers,
a managerial challenge roughly comparable to herding cats.
		-- "The Washington Post Magazine", June 9, 1985


Dear Emily, what about test messages?
		-- Concerned

Dear Concerned:
	It is important, when testing, to test the entire net.  Never test
merely a subnet distribution when the whole net can be done.  Also put "please
ignore" on your test messages, since we all know that everybody always skips
a message with a line like that.  Don't use a subject like "My sex is female
but I demand to be addressed as male." because such articles are read in depth
by all USEnauts.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette


He was a modest, good-humored boy.  It was Oxford that made him
insufferable.


It is better to burn out than it is to rust.


Conserve energy -- make love more slowly.


When you're married to someone, they take you for granted ... when
you're living with someone it's fantastic ... they're so frightened
of losing you they've got to keep you satisfied all the time.
		-- Nell Dunn, "Poor Cow"


Where the system is concerned, you're not allowed to ask "Why?".


Q:	Are we not men?
A:	We are Vaxen.


The camel has a single hump;
The dromedary two;
Or else the other way around.
I'm never sure.  Are you?
		-- Ogden Nash


It is hard to predict, in particular about the future.
		-- Robert Storm Petersen


A [golf] ball hitting a tree shall be deemed not to have hit the tree.
Hitting a tree is simply bad luck and has no place in a scientific game.
The player should estimate the distance the ball would have traveled if it
had not hit the tree and play the ball from there, preferably atop a nice
firm tuft of grass.
		-- Donald A. Metz


Facts are stubborn, but statistics are more pliable.


The concept seems to be clear by now.  It has been
defined several times by examples of what it is not.


Some people cause happiness wherever
they go; others, whenever they go.


Felt tip, v.:
	Past tense for a breast examination!


Integrity has no need for rules.


XEROX never does anything original.


Admiration, n.:
	Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Faith:	Tell me you don't get off on this!
Buffy:	It didn't suck.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Bad Girls"
		   Season 3, Episode 14


Paul Revere was a tattle-tale.


In the Garden of Eden sat Adam,
Massaging the bust of his madam,
	He chuckled with mirth,
	For he knew that on earth,
There were only two boobs and he had 'em.


	"Darling", said the young bride, "tell me what's bothering you.
We promised to share all our joys and sorrows, remember?"
	"But this is different," protested her husband.
	"Together, darling," she insisted, "we will bear the burden.
Now tell me what our problem is."
	"Well," said the husband, "we've just become the father of a
bastard child."


[From the operation manual for the CI-300 Dot Matrix Line Printer, made
in Japan]:

The excellent output machine of MODEL CI-300 as extraordinary DOT
MATRIX LINE PRINTER, built in two MICRO-PROCESSORs as well as EAROM, is
featured by permitting wonderful co-existence such as; "high quality
against low cost", "diversified functions with compact design",
"flexibility in accessibleness and durability of approx. 2000,000,00
Dot/Head", "being sophisticated in mechanism but possibly agile
operating under noises being extremely suppressed" etc.

And as a matter of course, the final goal is just simply to help
achieve "super shuttle diplomacy" between cool data, perhaps earned by
HOST COMPUTER, and warm heart of human being.


A hundred years from now it is very likely that [of Twain's works] "The
Jumping Frog" alone will be remembered.
		-- Harry Thurston Peck (Editor of "The Bookman"), January 1901


Woman on Street:	Sir, you are drunk; very, very drunk.
Winston Churchill:	Madame, you are ugly; very, very ugly.
			I shall be sober in the morning.


If all the world's a stage, I want to operate the trap door.
		-- Paul Beatty


You had some happiness once,
but your parents moved away, and you had to leave it behind.


Katz' Law:
	Men and nations will act rationally when
	all other possibilities have been exhausted.

History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have
exhausted all other alternatives.
		-- Abba Eban


Anybody has a right to evade taxes if he can get away with it.  No citizen
has a moral obligation to assist in maintaining his government.
		-- J. P. Morgan


Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing.


Accident, n.:
	A condition in which presence of mind is good,
	but absence of body is better.
		-- Foolish Dictionary


When women love us, they forgive us everything, even our crimes;
when they do not love us, they give us credit for nothing, not
even our virtues.
		-- Honore de Balzac


The mate for beauty should be a man and not a money chest.
		-- Bulwer


A programming language is low level
when its programs require attention to the irrelevant.


Performance:
	A statement of the speed at which a computer system works.  Or
	rather, might work under certain circumstances.  Or was rumored
	to be working over in Jersey about a month ago.


A non-vegetarian anti-abortionist is a contradiction in terms.
		-- Phyllis Schlafly


Man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft...
and the only one that can be mass produced with unskilled labor.
		-- Wernher von Braun


It got to the point where I had to get a haircut
or both feet firmly planted in the air.


Court, n.:
	A place where they dispense with justice.
		-- Arthur Train


I'm not tense, just terribly, terribly alert!


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"A well-written program is its own heaven; a poorly-written program
	is its own hell."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


	Now, you might ask, "How do I get one of those complete home
tool sets for under $4?"  An excellent question.
	Go to one of those really cheap discount stores where they sell
plastic furniture in colors visible from the planet Neptune and where
they have a food section specializing in cardboard cartons full of
Raisinets and malted milk balls manufactured during the Nixon
administration.  In either the hardware or housewares department,
you'll find an item imported from an obscure Oriental country and
described as "Nine Tools in One", consisting of a little handle with
interchangeable ends representing inscrutable Oriental notions of tools
that Americans might use around the home.  Buy it.
	This is the kind of tool set professionals use.  Not only is it
inexpensive, but it also has a great safety feature not found in the
so-called quality tools sets: The handle will actually break right off
if you accidentally hit yourself or anything else, or expose it to
direct sunlight.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


In a consumer society there are inevitably two kinds of slaves:
the prisoners of addiction and the prisoners of envy.


The warden of the De Luxington preparatory school for boys was holding a
hearing.  The lad before his desk, a very popular young fellow, was angrily
accusing one of his schoolmates of having assaulted him sexually.
	"I must warn you, m'boy, this is a very serious charge, the warden
said.
	"I don't care.  I tell you it is true.  He raped me, warden."  The
youth pointed to another, somewhat larger boy smirking in the corner.
"That's him, sir, the one who forced me to do all those crimes against
nature.  The bully!"
	"Now tell me, son, as closely as you can, when this happened."
	"Sir, two weeks ago on Wednesday at 4:00, then at 7:00 that same
evening, on Friday, twice on Saturday, two times on Monday, once on
Wednesday, and then he met that bitch Roy and he hasn't touched me since."


Once he had one leg in the White House and the nation trembled under his
roars.  Now he is a tinpot pope in the Coca-Cola belt and a brother to the
forlorn pastors who belabor halfwits in galvanized iron tabernacles behind
the railroad yards."
		-- H. L. Mencken, writing of William Jennings Bryan,
		   counsel for the supporters of Tennessee's anti-evolution
		   law at the Scopes "Monkey Trial" in 1925.


	Bubba, Jim Bob, and Leroy were fishing out on the lake last November,
and, when Bubba tipped his head back to empty the Jim Beam, he fell out of the
boat into the lake.  Jim Bob and Leroy pulled him back in, but as Bubba didn't
look too good, they started up the Evinrude and headed back to the pier.
	By the time they got there, Bubba was turning kind of blue, and his
teeth were chattering like all get out.  Jim Bob said, "Leroy, go run up to
the pickup and get Doc Pritchard on the CB, and ask him what we should do".
	Doc Pritchard, after hearing a description of the case, said "Now,
Leroy, listen closely.  Bubba is in great danger.  He has hy-po-thermia.  Now
what you need to do is get all them wet clothes off of Bubba, and take your
clothes off, and pile your clothes and jackets on top of him.  Then you all
get under that pile, and hug up to Bubba real close so that you warm him up.
You understand me Leroy?  You gotta warm Bubba up, or he'll die."
	Leroy and the Doc 10-4'ed each other, and Leroy came back to the
pier.  "Wh-Wh-What'd th-th-the d-d-doc s-s-say L-L-Leroy?", Bubba chattered.
	"Bubba, Doc says you're gonna die."


To every Ph.D. there is an equal and opposite Ph.D.
		-- B. Duggan


My interest is in the future because I am
going to spend the rest of my life there.


Reach out and fuck someone.


Fortune and love befriend the bold.
		-- Ovid


	"Mach was the greatest intellectual fraud in the last ten years."
	"What about X?"
	"I said `intellectual'."
		;login, 9/1990


A young New York housewife was shocked by some of the language used by her
daughter.  When asked about it, the daughter said she had learned it from
a small girl she played with in the park.  The next day, the mother sought
out the little girl as she played in the park.  "Are you the little girl
who uses bad words?"
	"Who told you?"
	"A little bird," answered the mother.
	"Well, I like that!" exclaimed the small girl.  "And I've been
feeding the little bastards, too!"


It is possible that blondes also prefer gentlemen.
		-- Maimie Van Doren


	A man who keeps stealing mopeds is an obvious cycle-path.


I like paying taxes.  With them I buy civilization.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


When I have one foot in the grave I will tell the truth about women.  I
shall tell it, jump into my coffin, pull the lid over me, and say, "Do
what you like now."
		-- Tolstoy


You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.


There is only one way to kill capitalism --
by taxes, taxes, and more taxes.
		-- Karl Marx


BEAUTY:
	What's in your eye when you have a bee in your hand.


MARTA SAYS THE INTERESTING thing about fly-fishing is that its two lives
connected by a thin strand.

Come on, Marta, grow up.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Kamikazes do it once.


QOTD:
	"My shampoo lasts longer than my relationships."


One day, in a bar, a young man walks in with a little dwarf about one foot
tall on his shoulder and orders a beer.  The bartender serves the man a beer;
to his astonishment, the little guy walks down the man's arm, takes a swallow
of the brew and spits it in his face.  After a few minutes the customer
orders another beer and the exact same thing happens.  Well, by this time,
the bartender is getting pretty upset; he figures that the man should take
care of the dwarf.  So he asks the guy, "Why are you letting that guy drink
all your beer and spit it in my face?"
	"Well, sir, when I was on a contract in Saudi Arabia I met this genie
and he granted me three wishes.  I asked for a million dollars, the most
beautiful woman in the world, and a twelve-inch prick.


LIBRA (Sept 23 - Oct 22)
	You are the artistic type and have a difficult time with
reality.  If you are a man, you are more than likely gay.  Chances for
employment and monetary gains are excellent.  Most Libra women are
prostitutes.  All Libra people die of Venereal disease.


At these prices, I lose money -- but I make it up in volume.
		-- Peter G. Alaquon


Kitten with a whip,	Teddy bear in chains,	Puss in leather boots,
tail, swish swish,	spread on a bed;	rising thigh high;
take what you will,	fantasy games,		black rubber suits;
get what you wish.	deep in your head.	making him cry.

Squirm from the blows,	Now pussy's all hot,	Teddy bear sighs;
writhe from the pain;	from the power trip;	kitty's on top;
but teddy bear knows,	ready or not,		there's fire in her eyes,
that he wants it again.	next swing's from	and the cat won't stop.
				the hip.

The world explodes,	Teddy's still tied;	Kitten with a whip,
her claws dig in;	lying all alone;	tail, swish swish,
then kitty cat goes,	even if he tried,	take what you will,
cause she's through	he couldn't go home.	get what you wish.
	with him.
		-- Kitten With A Whip


Matter will be damaged in direct proportion to its value.


Every one says that politicians lie all the time, and that just isn't so!
But you do have to understand body language to know when they're lying and
when they aren't.

	When a politician rubs his nose, he isn't lying.
	When a politician tugs on his ear, he isn't lying.
	When a politician scratches his collar bone, he isn't lying.
	When his mouth starts moving, that's when he's lying!


A diplomat is a man who can convince his
wife she'd look stout in a fur coat.


When a man steals your wife, there is no better revenge than to let him
keep her.
		-- Sacha Guitry


The United States Army:
194 years of proud service,
unhampered by progress.


To vacillate or not to vacillate, that is the question ... or is it?


Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths good theatre.
		-- Gail Godwin


Drug, n.:
	A substance that, when injected into a rat, produces a scientific
	paper.


A society in which women are taught anything but the management of a family,
the care of men, and the creation of the future generation is a society
which is on its way out.
		-- L. Ron Hubbard


The fact that people are poor or discriminated against doesn't necessarily
endow them with any special qualities of justice, nobility, charity or
compassion.
		-- Saul Alinsky


I drink to make other people interesting.
		-- George Jean Nathan


All my life I wanted to be someone; I guess I should have been more specific.
		-- Jane Wagner


Is there life before breakfast?


Armstrong's Collection Law:
	If the check is truly in the mail,
	it is surely made out to someone else.


No sooner had Edger Allen Poe
Finished his old Raven,
then he started his Old Crow.


Seeing a commotion in Harvard Square, a man strolled over and asked what
was going on.  One of the onlookers explained to him that there was a Mooney
who had immersed himself in gasoline and was threatening to set fire to
himself to demonstrate his commitment to the Rev. Moon.  The man gasped and
asked what was being done to defuse the obviously dangerous situation.
	"Well", replied the onlooker, "we're taking up a collection -- so
far I've got two Bics, four Zippos and eighteen books of matches."


Eat prune yogurt for that "get up and go" feeling.


Old McDonald had a farm,
E-I-E-I-O!
And on this farm he had some chicks,
E-I-E-I-O!
With a chick-chick here,
And a chick-chick there,
Here a chick,
There a chick,
Everywhere a chick-chick,
Old McDonald lost his farm
'Cause he had too many chicks!


QOTD:
	"Don't let your mind wander -- it's too little to be let out alone."


Anyone taking offence at fortune(s) is desperately lacking beer, in my
extremely humble opinion.
		-- Philip Paeps


The mature Bohemian is one whose woman works full time.


Happiness makes up in height what it lacks in length.


The hungover couple dawdled over a midafternoon breakfast, after a
particularly wild all-night party held in their fashionable apartment.
	"Dearest, this is rather embarrassing," said the husband, "but
was it you I made love to in the library last night?"
	His wife looked at him reflectively and then asked, "About what
time?"


Never drink from your finger bowl -- it contains only water.


Here in my heart, I am Helen;
	I'm Aspasia and Hero, at least.
I'm Judith, and Jael, and Madame de Stael;
	I'm Salome, moon of the East.

Here in my soul I am Sappho;
	Lady Hamilton am I, as well.
In me Recamier vies with Kitty O'Shea,
	With Dido, and Eve, and poor Nell.

I'm all of the glamorous ladies
	At whose beckoning history shook.
But you are a man, and see only my pan,
	So I stay at home with a book.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Ever notice that the word "therapist" breaks down into "the rapist"?
Simple coincidence?
Maybe...


Any fool can tell the truth, but it requires a man of sense to know
how to lie well.
		-- Samuel Butler


Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.


A traveling circus was performing in a small town, around the turn of the
century, when many of the circus animals were still considered to be very
rare and exotic.  One night one of the elephants escaped.  It was hungry
and found a garden in a little old lady's backyard.  The woman, who had
never before seen an elephant, was hysterical and called the police.

Little Old Lady:  "There's a *huge* monster in my garden!
Police:	"Calm down, ma'am, everything will be all right.  Now exactly what
	does it look like?"
LOL:	"It's a dark color and it's tremendous!  It's pulling up my
	vegetables with its tail!"
Police:	"With its tail?  Then what's it doing?"
LOL:	"You wouldn't believe me if I told you!"


Although we modern persons tend to take our electric lights, radios,
mixers, etc., for granted, hundreds of years ago people did not have
any of these things, which is just as well because there was no place
to plug them in.  Then along came the first Electrical Pioneer,
Benjamin Franklin, who flew a kite in a lighting storm and received a
serious electrical shock.  This proved that lighting was powered by the
same force as carpets, but it also damaged Franklin's brain so severely
that he started speaking only in incomprehensible maxims, such as "A
penny saved is a penny earned."  Eventually he had to be given a job
running the post office.
		-- Dave Barry, "What is Electricity?"


I heard a definition of an intellectual, that I thought was very
interesting: a man who takes more words than are necessary to tell
more than he knows.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess is why
several of us died of tuberculosis.
		-- Jack Handey


When one wants to get rid of an unsupportable pressure, one needs hashish.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


On a clear day, U.C.L.A.


Q:	Are we not men?
A:	We are Vaxen.


Therefore it is necessary to learn how not to be good, and to use
this knowledge and not use it, according to the necessity of the cause.
		-- Machiavelli


He who lives without folly is less wise than he believes.


A myth is a religion in which no-one any longer believes.
		-- James Feibleman, "Understanding Philosophy"


Man must shape his tools lest they shape him.
		-- Arthur R. Miller


Justice is incidental to law and order.
		-- J. Edgar Hoover


Some people have no respect for age unless it's bottled.


Women Unite!  Make *_h_i_m* sleep in the wet spot tonight!


Sex is just one damp thing after another.


The only one of your children who does not grow up and move away
is your husband.


