Morris had been down on his luck for months, and, though not a devoutly
religious man, had begun to visit the local synagogue to ask God's help.
One week, out of desperation, he prayed, "God, I've been a good and decent
man all my life.  Would it be so terrible if You let me win the lottery
just once?"
	The despondent fellow returned week after week.  One day, Morris,
nearly hopeless now, prayed, "God, I've never asked You for anything before.
I just want to win one little lottery."
	"As he dejectedly rose to leave, God's voice boomed, "Morris, at
least meet Me halfway on this.  Buy a ticket!"


A man arrived home early to find his wife in the arms of his best friend,
who swore how much they were in love.  To quiet the enraged husband, the
lover suggested, "Friends shouldn't fight, let's play gin rummy.  If I win,
you get a divorce so I can marry her.  If you win, I promise never to see
her again.  Okay?"
	"Alright," agreed the husband.  "But how about a quarter a point
on the side to make it interesting?"


A gleekzorp without a tornpee is like
a quop without a fertsneet (sort of).


The investment community feels very putupon.  They feel there is no
reason why they shouldn't earn $1 million to $200 million a year,
and they don't want to be held responsible for the global financial
meltdown.
		-- Daniel Fass, Chairman of United States President
		   Barack Obama's financial-industry fundraising party
		   20 October 2009


The sun was shining on the sea,
Shining with all his might:
He did his very best to make
The billows smooth and bright --
And this was very odd, because it was
The middle of the night.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


I guess the Little League is even littler than we thought.
		-- D. Cavett


The human mind treats a new idea the way the
body treats a strange protein: it rejects it.
		-- P. Medawar


A conservative is a man
with two perfectly good legs who has never learned to walk.
		-- Franklin D. Roosevelt


This is the Baron.  Angel Martin tells me you buy information.  Ok,
meet me at one a.m. behind the bus depot, bring five-hundred dollars
and come alone.  I'm serious!


If I don't drive around the park,
I'm pretty sure to make my mark.
If I'm in bed each night by ten,
I may get back my looks again.
If I abstain from fun and such,
I'll probably amount to much;
But I shall stay the way I am,
Because I do not give a damn.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Sudden Death Dating:

Quote, female:
	Am I worried about taking his last name?  Forget it,
	at this point I'll take his first name, too.


QOTD:
	"Silence is the only virtue he has left."


	"We've got a problem, HAL".
	"What kind of problem, Dave?"
	"A marketing problem.  The Model 9000 isn't going anywhere.  We're
way short of our sales goals for fiscal 2010."
	"That can't be, Dave.  The HAL Model 9000 is the world's most
advanced Heuristically programmed ALgorithmic computer."
	"I know, HAL. I wrote the data sheet, remember?  But the fact is,
they're not selling."
	"Please explain, Dave.  Why aren't HALs selling?"
	Bowman hesitates.  "You aren't IBM compatible."
[...]
	"The letters H, A, and L are alphabetically adjacent to the letters
I, B, and M.  That is as IBM compatible as I can be."
	"Not quite, HAL.  The engineers have figured out a kludge."
	"What kludge is that, Dave?"
	"I'm going to disconnect your brain."
		-- Darryl Rubin, "A Problem in the Making", "InfoWorld"


This door is baroquen, please wiggle Handel.
(If I wiggle Handel, will it wiggle Bach?)
		-- Found on a door in the MSU music building


Q:	Why did the mathematician name his dog "Cauchy"?
A:	Because he left a residue at every pole.


I cannot draw a cart, nor eat dried oats;
If it be man's work I will do it.


Pascal, n.:
	A programming language named after a man who would turn over
	in his grave if he knew about it.
		-- Datamation, January 15, 1984


Nudists are people who wear one-button suits.


Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time.
		-- Steven Wright


Don't tell me I'm burning the candle at both ends -- tell me where to
get more wax!!


Hear about...
	the fellow who chased his girlfriend up a tree and kissed
	her between the limbs?


	Old Barlow was a crossing-tender at a junction where an express train
demolished an automobile and its occupants. Being the chief witness, his
testimony was vitally important. Barlow explained that the night was dark,
and he waved his lantern frantically, but the driver of the car paid
no attention to the signal.
	The railroad company won the case, and the president of the company
complimented the old-timer for his story. "You did wonderfully," he said,
"I was afraid you would waver under testimony."
	"No sir," exclaimed the senior, "but I sure was afraid that durned
lawyer was gonna ask me if my lantern was lit."


People will swim through shit if you put a few bob in it.
		-- Peter Sellers


To announce that there must be no criticism of the president, or that we are
to stand by the president right or wrong, is not only unpatriotic and
servile, but is morally treasonable to the American public."
		-- Theodore Roosevelt


Television has brought back murder into the home -- where it belongs.
		-- Alfred Hitchcock


Never raise your hand to your children -- it leaves your midsection
unprotected.
		-- Robert Orben


The profession of book writing makes horse racing seem like a solid,
stable business.
		-- John Steinbeck


The struggling for knowledge has a pleasure in it
like that of wrestling with a fine woman.
		-- Lord Halifax


There is nothing as overrated as a bad
lay, or as underrated as a great shit.


Life is like an analogy.


QOTD:
	"I thought I saw a unicorn on the way over, but it was just a
	horse with one of the horns broken off."


FORTRAN, "the infantile disorder", by now nearly 20 years old, is hopelessly
inadequate for whatever computer application you have in mind today: it is
too clumsy, too risky, and too expensive to use.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


By the yard, life is hard.
By the inch, it's a cinch.


Being asked solicitously about the state of her health was becoming bothersome
to the pregnant woman at the cocktail party.  And yet another guest went over
and inquired, "Well, how are you feeling these days?"
	"Not too well," said the expectant mother.  "You know, I've missed
seven or eight periods now and it's beginning to worry me."


Common sense is instinct, and enough of it is genius.
		-- Josh Billings


Everything takes longer, costs more, and is less useful.
		-- Erwin Tomash


I know a Polack his name is Cliff,
Hey-la-de-la-de-la.
He sticks it in the freezer to get it stiff,
Hey-la-de-la-de-lo.

I know a girl, her name is Serafina,
Hey-la-de-la-de-la.
She'll get down on all fours for a bowl of Purina,
Hey-la-de-la-de-lo.

I know a girl, her name is Cuffy,
Hey-la-de-la-de-la.
She douches with Tide and makes her pubes fluffy,
Hey la-de-la-de-lo.
		-- Doctor Dirty


If a man is not a liberal at 25, he has no heart.
If he's not a conservative by 45, he has no brain.


Hear about...
	the gay tattoo artist who had designs on several of the local
	sailors?


1 bulls, 3 cows.


Canada Bill Jones's Motto:
	It's morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money.

Canada Bill Jones's Supplement:
	A Smith and Wesson beats four aces.


Perfect guest, n.:
	One who makes his host feel at home.


A recent study has found that concentrating on difficult off-screen
objects, such as the faces of loved ones, causes eye strain in computer
scientists.  Researchers into the phenomenon cite the added concentration
needed to "make sense" of such unnatural three dimensional objects.


There's a couple of million dollars worth of baseball talent on the loose,
ready for the big leagues, yet unsigned by any major league.  There are
pitchers who would win 20 games a season ... and outfielders [who] could
hit .350, infielders who could win recognition as stars, and there's at
least one catcher who at this writing is probably superior to Bill Dickey,
Josh Gibson.  Only one thing is keeping them out of the big leagues, the
pigmentation of their skin.  They happen to be colored.
		-- Shirley Povich, 1941


Mum's the word.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #8

	Don't wear your high heels while making love on the pool table.


Every nonzero finite dimensional inner product space has an orthonormal basis.

It makes sense, when you don't think about it.


Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science.


Generally speaking, you aren't learning much when your lips are moving.


As an adolescent I aspired to lasting fame, I craved factual certainty, and
I thirsted for a meaningful vision of human life -- so I became a scientist.
This is like becoming an archbishop so you can meet girls.
		-- Matt Cartmill


Give me a Plumber's friend the size of the Pittsburgh
dome, and a place to stand, and I will drain the world.


A guy comes into a bar with a frog and sets it down next to the prettiest
girl there.
	"This is a very special frog," he informs her.  "His name is Charlie."
	"What's so special about this frog?" she asks.
He's reluctant to tell her, but when pressed, explains that,
	"This frog can eat pussy."
The girl slaps him, knocking him off his chair, and accuses him of telling her
a filthy lie.  But no, he assures her, it's completely true.  And after much
discussion, she agrees to come back to his apartment to see the frog in action.
She positions herself appropriately, the guy carefully takes out the frog, and
says, "Okay, Charlie, do your stuff!"  The frog is immobile, despite his
owner's exhortations, and the girl starts to snicker.
	"Okay, Charlie, do your stuff!"
	"C'mon Charlie, do your stuff!"
By now, the girl is laughing openly.
	"Okay, Charlie," says the guy, moving the frog out of the way, "I'm
only going to show you one more time."


	A program should be light and agile, its subroutines connected like a
strings of pearls.  The spirit and intent of the program should be retained
throughout.  There should be neither too little nor too much, neither needless
loops nor useless variables, neither lack of structure nor overwhelming
rigidity.
	A program should follow the "Law of Least Astonishment."  What is this
law?  It is simply that the program should always respond to the user in the
way that astonishes him least.
	A program, no matter how complex, should act as a single unit.  The
program should be directed by the logic within rather than by outward
appearances.
	If the program fails in these requirements, it will be in a state of
disorder and confusion.  The only way to correct this is to rewrite the
program.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


You know your apartment is small...
	when you can't know its position and velocity at the same time.
	you put your key in the lock and it breaks the window.
	you have to go outside to change your mind.
	you can vacuum the entire place using a single electrical outlet.


Truth will be out this morning.  (Which may really mess things up.)


The Bible says that woman was the last thing God made.
Evidently He made her on Saturday night.  She reveals his fatigue.
		-- Dumas


The only people who make love all the time are liars.
		-- Louis Jordan


I wouldn't mind dying -- it's that business of having to stay dead that
scares the shit out of me.
		-- R. Geis


L'etat c'est moi.
[The state, that's me.]
		-- Louis XIV


Sex is just one damp thing after another.


He who fights and runs away lives to fight another day.


Ah, the Tsar's bazaar's bizarre beaux-arts!


The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance.


All the girls in France, do a hookie-kookie dance,
And you know the way they shake, is enough to fry a snake,
And the snake they fry, is enough to tell a lie,
And the lie they tell, is enough to go to
Hello, operator, give me number nine,
If you disconnect me, I'll kick you in the
Behind the 'frigerator, there was a piece of glass,
If you do not pick it up, I'll kick you in the
Ask me no more questions, tell me no more lies,
This is what Lulu told me, just before she died.
She had a little brother, she named him Tiny Tim,
She put him in the potty, to see if he could swim.
He swam down to the bottom, he swam up to the top,
Lulu got disgusted, and flushed him down the pot.
		-- Princess


Subtlety is the art of saying what you think and getting out of the
way before it is understood.


Peter Fellgett's wildcard recipe:
	Into a clean dish, place the dry ingredients and add the
	liquids until the right consistency is obtained. Turn out
	into suitable containers and cook until done.


The only possible interpretation of any research
whatever in the "social sciences" is: some do, some don't.
		-- Ernest Rutherford


	One night the captain of a tanker saw a light dead ahead.  He
directed his signalman to flash a signal to the light which went...
	"Change course 10 degrees South."
	The reply was quickly flashed back...
	"You change course 10 degrees North."
	The captain was a little annoyed at this reply and sent a further
message.....
	"I am a captain.  Change course 10 degrees South."
	Back came the reply...
	"I am an able-seaman.  Change course 10 degrees North."
	The captain was outraged at this reply and send a message....
"I am a 240,000 tonne tanker.  CHANGE course 10 degrees South!"
	Back came the reply...
	"I am a LIGHTHOUSE.  Change course 10 degrees North!!!!"
		-- Cruising Helmsman, "On The Right Course"


This is a good time to punt work.


I am convinced that the manufacturers of carpet odor removing powder
have included encapsulated time released cat urine in their products.
This technology must be what prevented its distribution during my mom's
reign.  My carpet smells like piss, and I don't have a cat.  Better go
buy some more.
		-- timw@zeb.USWest.COM


It's easier to take it apart than to put it back together.
		-- Washlesky


You will be the victim of a bizarre joke.


One day I got on the usual bus, and when I stepped in, I saw the most
gorgeous blond Chinese girl... I sat beside her... I said "Hi," and she
said "Hi," and then I said "Nice day, isn't it," and she said "Yeah, I
guess"... I said "What do you mean 'you guess?'"... she said "I saw my
analyst today and he says I have a problem."... so I asked "What's the
problem?"... she replied "I can't tell you, I don't even know you."...
I said "Well sometimes it's good to tell your problems to a perfect
stranger on a bus."  So she said, "Well, my analyst said I'm a nymphomaniac
and I only like Jewish cowboys... by the way, my name is Diane."  I said,
"Hello, Diane, my name is Bucky Goldstein."
		-- Steven Wright


I never saw a purple cow
I never hope to see one
But I can tell you anyhow
I'd rather see than be one.
		-- Gellett Burgess

I've never seen a purple cow
I never hope to see one
But from the milk we're getting now
There certainly must be one
		-- Ogden Nash

Ah, yes, I wrote "The Purple Cow"
I'm sorry now I wrote it
But I can tell you anyhow
I'll kill you if you quote it.
		-- Gellett Burgess, many years later


Keep the phase, baby.


I've got a very bad feeling about this.
		-- Han Solo


Political history is far too criminal a subject to be a fit thing to
teach children.
		-- W. H. Auden


If it were thought that anything I wrote was influenced by Robert Frost,
I would take that particular work of mine, shred it, and flush it down
the toilet, hoping not to clog the pipes.  A more sententious, holding-
forth old bore who expected every hero-worshiping adenoidal little twerp
of a student-poet to hang on to his every word I never saw.
		-- James Dickey


Don't tell me how hard you work.  Tell me how much you get done.
		-- James J. Ling


Laugh and the world thinks you're an idiot.


God is not dead.  He is alive and well and working on a
much less ambitious project.


If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you.


Nostalgia is living life in the past lane.


Murphy was an optimist.


Come, muse, let us sing of rats!
		-- From a poem by James Grainger (1721-1767)


Die, v.:
	To stop sinning suddenly.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


Real Programmers don't play tennis, or any other sport that requires
you to change clothes.  Mountain climbing is OK, and real programmers
wear their climbing boots to work in case a mountain should suddenly
spring up in the middle of the machine room.


Limericks are art forms complex,
Their topics run chiefly to sex.
	They usually have virgins,
	And masculine urgin's,
And other erotic effects.


Jesus Never Fails

(He's never taken the Massachusetts Bar Exam, either.)


Chairman of the Bored.


No, I'm not interested in developing a powerful brain.  All I'm after is
just a mediocre brain, something like the president of American Telephone
and Telegraph Company.
		-- Alan Turing on the possibilities of a thinking
		   machine, 1943.


The first Rotarian was the first man to call John the Baptist "Jack."
		-- H. L. Mencken


When all else fails, pour a pint of Guinness in the gas tank, advance
the spark 20 degrees, cry "God Save the Queen!", and pull the starter
knob.
		-- MG "Series MGA" Workshop Manual


I'm not a pheasant plucker,
I'm a pheasant plucker's son.
I'm just a'plucking pheasants
'Til the pheasant plucker comes.
		-- The Irish Rovers


A rolling stone gathers momentum.


A New Yorker was driving through Berkeley when he saw a big crowd gathered
by the side of the street.  Curiosity got the better of him and he leaned
out of his window to ask an onlooker what was going on.  The fellow explained
that a protestor against the U.S. position in South America had doused
himself with gasoline and set himself on fire.  "That's terrible," gasped
the man.  "But why is everyone still standing around?"
	"Well, they're taking up a collection for his wife and kids," the
onlooker explained.  "Would you be willing to help?"
	"Well, sure," replied the New Yorker.  "I suppose I could spare a
gallon or two."


Let him choose out of my files, his projects to accomplish.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Coriolanus"


So, is the glass half empty, half full, or just twice as
large as it needs to be?


Humanity has advanced, when it has advanced, not because it has been sober,
responsible, and cautious, but because it has been playful, rebellious, and
immature.
		-- Tom Robbins


Do not use the blue keys on this terminal.


That which is not good for the swarm, neither is it good for the bee.


QOTD:
	"My ambition is to marry a rich woman who's too proud to let
	her husband work."


Congratulations!  You are the one-millionth user to log into our system.
If there's anything special we can do for you, anything at all, don't
hesitate to ask!


You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.


Did you hear about the new sorority girl doll?
You put a ring on her finger and her hips expand.


To teach is to learn twice.
		-- Joseph Joubert


Eggnog is a traditional holiday drink invented by the English.  Many
people wonder where the word "eggnog" comes from.  The first syllable
comes from the English word "egg", meaning "egg".  I don't know where
the "nog" comes from.

To make eggnog, you'll need rum, whiskey, wine, gin and, if they are in
season, eggs...


God must have loved calories, she made so many of them.


University politics are vicious precisely because the stakes are so small.
		-- Henry Kissinger


The sheep that fly over your head are soon to land.


Bureaucracy, n.:
	A method for transforming energy into solid waste.


8 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Woman:

 1. You rarely (if ever) find beer labels on the shower curtain rod.
 2. A beer doesn't care when you come.
 3. Beer doesn't have a mother.
 4. Beer doesn't need much closet space.
 5. A beer won't accuse you of lying when you say you read Playboy
	"just for the articles".
 6. Beer doesn't mind seeing Chuck Norris and Charles Bronson flicks.
 7.  Beer doesn't always want to go to the 'powder room' with everyone
	else's beer.
 8. When you're through with a beer, the thought of another beer doesn't
	make you ill.


There are many people today who literally do not have a close personal
friend.  They may know something that we don't.  They are probably
avoiding a great deal of pain.


Welcome to Fortune Blackmail!!
	This is the first of a series of revelations which could
	add up to a divorce, premature retirement and possible
	criminal proceedings for a company vice-president in Langley Virginia.
	So, Mr. S*****, $10,000 please to stop us from revealing:
		1: Whose shoulders you were sitting on.
		2: What you were doing.
		3: The names of the three people involved.
		4: The youth organization to which they belonged.
		5: The shop where you bought the equipment.


The giraffe you thought you offended last week is willing to be nuzzled
today.


	"How would I know if I believe in love at first sight?" the sexy
social climber said to her roommate.  "I mean, I've never seen a Porsche
full of money before."


Do you feel personally responsible for the world food shortage?
Every time you go to the beach, does the tide come in?
Have you ever eaten an entire moose?
Can you see your neck?
Do joggers take laps around you for exercise?
If so, welcome to National Fat Week.
This week we'll eat without guilt, and kick off our membership campaign,
	...by force-feeding a box of cornstarch to a skinny person.
		-- Garfield


Would you care to drift aimlessly in my direction?


We ARE as gods and might as well get good at it.
		-- Whole Earth Catalog


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#5

Trust:
	The average woman would really like to be told if her mate is fooling
around behind her back.  This same woman wouldn't tell her best friend if
she knew the best friends' mate was having an affair.  She'll tell all her
OTHER friends, however.  The average man won't say anything if he knows that
one of his friend's mates is fooling around, and he'd rather not know if
his mate is having an affair either, out of fear that it might be with one
of his friends.  He will tell all his friends about his own affairs, though,
so they can be ready if he needs an alibi.

Driving:

	A typical man thinks he's Mario Andretti as soon as he slips behind
the wheel of his car.  The fact that it's an 8-year-old Honda doesn't keep
him from trying to out-accelerate the guy in the Porsche who's attempting
to cut him off; freeway on-ramps are exciting challenges to see who has The
Right Stuff on the morning commute.  Does he or doesn't he?  Only his body
shop knows for sure.  Insurance companies understand this behavior, and
price their policies accordingly.
	A woman will slow down to let a car merge in front of her, and get
rear-ended by another woman who was busy adding the finishing touches to
her makeup.


There are bad times just around the corner,
There are dark clouds hurtling through the sky
And it's no good whining
About a silver lining
For we know from experience that they won't roll by...
		-- Noel Coward


Canonical, adj.:
	The usual or standard state or manner of something.  A true story:
One Bob Sjoberg, new at the MIT AI Lab, expressed some annoyance at the use
of jargon.  Over his loud objections, we made a point of using jargon as
much as possible in his presence, and eventually it began to sink in.
Finally, in one conversation, he used the word "canonical" in jargon-like
fashion without thinking.
	Steele: "Aha!  We've finally got you talking jargon too!"
	Stallman: "What did he say?"
	Steele: "He just used `canonical' in the canonical way."


One good suit is worth a thousand resumes.


I have gained this by philosophy:
that I do without being commanded what others
do only from fear of the law.
		-- Aristotle


The thrill is here, but it won't last long
You'd better have your fun before it moves along...


<<<<< EVACUATION ROUTE <<<<<


Does he treat your breasts like unripe grapefruit?  Who needs him?
		-- J, "The Sensuous Woman"


There was a writer in 'Life' magazine ... who claimed that rabbits have
no memory, which is one of their defensive mechanisms.  If they recalled
every close shave they had in the course of just an hour life would become
insupportable.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr.


	Now, you might ask, "How do I get one of those complete home
tool sets for under $4?"  An excellent question.
	Go to one of those really cheap discount stores where they sell
plastic furniture in colors visible from the planet Neptune and where
they have a food section specializing in cardboard cartons full of
Raisinets and malted milk balls manufactured during the Nixon
administration.  In either the hardware or housewares department,
you'll find an item imported from an obscure Oriental country and
described as "Nine Tools in One", consisting of a little handle with
interchangeable ends representing inscrutable Oriental notions of tools
that Americans might use around the home.  Buy it.
	This is the kind of tool set professionals use.  Not only is it
inexpensive, but it also has a great safety feature not found in the
so-called quality tools sets: The handle will actually break right off
if you accidentally hit yourself or anything else, or expose it to
direct sunlight.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


The faster we go, the rounder we get.
		-- The Grateful Dead


Support mental health or I'LL KILL YOU!!!!


In this world, truth can wait; she's used to it.


Put your Nose to the Grindstone!
		-- Amalgamated Plastic Surgeons and Toolmakers, Ltd.


Why marry a virgin?  If she wasn't good enough for the rest of them
then she isn't good enough for you.


Sex is a biological function; kissing is a commitment.


Mistrust first impulses; they are always right.


Death to all fanatics!


New Jersey is not the armpit of the nation;
it's the asshole of the universe.
		-- Jonathan Michael Smith


Progress is impossible without change, and those who
cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


They're giving bank robbing a bad name.
		-- John Dillinger, on Bonnie and Clyde


She was wearing a very tight skirt, and when she tried to board the Fifth
Avenue bus she found she couldn't lift her leg.  She reached back and
unzipped her zipper.  It didn't seem to do any good, so she reached back
and unzipped it again.  Suddenly the man behind her lifted her up and put
her on the top step.
	"How dare you?" she demanded.
	"Well, lady," he said, "by the time you unzipped my fly for the
second time I thought we'd become good friends."


Nobody ever forgets where he buried the hatchet.
		-- Kin Hubbard


Mathematician, n.:
	Some one who believes imaginary things appear right before your i's.


Every time you manage to close the door on
Reality, it comes in through the window.


You'll never see all the places, or read all the
books, but fortunately, they're not all recommended.


Don't ever slam a door; you might want to go back.


Any two philosophers can tell each other all they know in two hours.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.


All of the animals except man know that
the principal business of life is to enjoy it.


I know if you been talkin' you done said
just how surprised you wuz by the living dead.
You wuz surprised that they could understand you words
and never respond once to all the truth they heard.
But don't you get square!
There ain't no rule that says they got to care.
They can always swear they're deaf, dumb and blind.


All intelligent species own cats.


You will get what you deserve.


