The ecumenical movement has reached a milestone with the agreement on the
text of the first Jewish-Catholic prayer -- one that begins "Oy vay, Maria".


A boy gets to be a man when a man is needed.
		-- John Steinbeck


	A manager went to his programmers and told them: "As regards to your
work hours: you are going to have to come in at nine in the morning and leave
at five in the afternoon."  At this, all of them became angry and several
resigned on the spot.
	So the manager said: "All right, in that case you may set your own
working hours, as long as you finish your projects on schedule."  The
programmers, now satisfied, began to come in a noon and work to the wee
hours of the morning.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Q:	What does a blonde do first thing in the morning?
A:	She goes home.

Q:	Why does a blonde have fur on the hem of her dress?
A:	To keep her neck warm.

Q:	How do you make a blonde laugh on Monday?
A:	Tell her a joke on Friday.


Postmen never die, they just lose their zip.


Hear about...
	the absent minded nurse who made the patient without disturbing
	the bed?


Microwaves frizz your heir.


If you hype something and it succeeds, you're a genius -- it wasn't a
hype.  If you hype it and it fails, then it was just a hype.
		-- Neil Bogart


During almost fifteen centuries the legal establishment of Christianity has
been upon trial.  What has been its fruits? More or less, in all places,
pride and indolence in the clergy; ignorance and servility in the laity,;
in both, superstition, bigotry, and persecution.
		-- James Madison


If sarcasm were posted on Usenet, would anybody notice?
		-- James Nicoll


PENGUINICITY!!


I can understand companionship.  I can understand bought sex in the
afternoon.  I cannot understand the love affair.
		-- Gore Vidal


An old man is lying on his deathbed with all his children, grandchildren and
great-grandchildren gathered around, teary-eyed at the approaching finale of
a deeply loved family member.  The old man is in a light coma, and the doctors
have confirmed that the waiting will be over within the next twenty-four
hours.  Suddenly, the old man opens his eyes whispers: "I must be dreaming
of heaven...  I smell my daughter Lisle's strudel."
	"No, no, grandfather, you are not dreaming", he is reassured.
"Grandmother is baking strudel right now."
	A faint smile crosses the old man's face.  "Go and get me a sliver of
strudel," he says, "she bakes the finest strudel in the world."
	One of the grandchildren is immediately dispatched to honor the old
man's request, and, after what seems a long time, he returns empty-handed.
	"Did you bring me some of Lisle's strudel?", the old man quavers.
	"I'm... I'm very sorry, grandfather, but she says it's for the
funeral."


Nuke the unborn gay female whales for Jesus.


You always introduce the younger person to the older person, using the
wording:  "Miss Brown, I'd like to introduce you to an older person"
(unless her name is not "Miss Brown").  If you do not know a person's
age, ask for a driver's license and a major credit card.  If you are
introduced to a member of a minority group, use the "high-five" style
handshake, followed by a remark designed to show you don't mind a bit,
such as "I see you are a (name of a minority group)!  Good!"
		-- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"


Women Unite!  Make *_h_i_m* sleep in the wet spot tonight!


Lee's Law:
	Mother said there would be days like this,
	but she never said that there'd be so many!


Mental things which have not gone in through the
senses are vain and bring forth no truth except detrimental.
		-- Leonardo


Psychiatry enables us to correct our faults by confessing our parents'
shortcomings.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter, "Peter's Principles"


AMBIGUITY:
	Telling the truth when you don't mean to.


American business long ago gave up on demanding that prospective
employees be honest and hardworking.  It has even stopped hoping for
employees who are educated enough that they can tell the difference
between the men's room and the women's room without having little
pictures on the doors.
		-- Dave Barry, "Urine Trouble, Mister"


Of all the animals, the boy is the most unmanageable.
		-- Plato


QOTD:
	"If I could walk that way, I wouldn't need the aftershave."


O'Reilly's Law of the Kitchen:
Cleanliness is next to impossible


But, Mousie, thou art no thy lane,
In proving foresight may be vain:
The best laid schemes o' mice an' men
Gang aft a-gley,
An' lea'e us nought but grief and pain
For promised joy.
		-- Robert Burns, "To a Mouse", 1785


Women are not much, but they are the best other sex we have.
		-- Herold


If ever the pleasure of one has to be bought by the pain of the other,
there better be no trade. A trade by which one gains and the other loses
is a fraud.
		-- Dagny Taggart, "Atlas Shrugged"


Some people manage by the book, even though they
don't know who wrote the book or even what book.


You will be singled out for promotion in your work.


Brain on vacation, penis on autopilot.


You'll never see all the places, or read all the
books, but fortunately, they're not all recommended.


Teaching undergraduates is like herding sheep.  And, like the old Basque
sheepherder explained, whenever the livestock starts looking good to you,
it's time to spend a night in town.


The 80's -- when you can't tell hairstyles from chemotherapy.


Harris's Lament:
	All the good ones are taken.


What happened last night can happen again.


Scott's first Law:
	No matter what goes wrong, it will probably look right.


All men have the right to wait in line.


Fat dirty farts came spluttering out of your backside.  You had an arse full
of farts that night, darling, and I fucked them out of you, big fat fellows,
long windy ones, quick little merry cracks...
		-- James Joyce


All things are possible, except for skiing through a revolving door.


Q:	What do monsters eat?
A:	Things.

Q:	What do monsters drink?
A:	Coke.  (Because Things go better with Coke.)


Commoner's three laws of ecology:
	1) No action is without side-effects.
	2) Nothing ever goes away.
	3) There is no free lunch.


The only thing which separates man from child is all the values
he has lost over the years.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Did you hear about the model who sat
on a broken bottle and cut a nice figure?


Tip O'Neill is just like Congress; old, fat and out of control.
		-- J. LeBoutillier


Mittsquinter, adj.:
	A ballplayer who looks into his glove after missing the ball,
	as if, somehow, the cause of the error lies there.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Patience is long forgotten by convenience in this life.
		-- Carmen Caicedo Giraudy


Love America - or give it back.


Necessity hath no law.
		-- Oliver Cromwell


If Love Were Oil, I'd Be About A Quart Low
		-- Book title by Lewis Grizzard


Heaven, n.:
	A place where the wicked cease from troubling you with talk of
	their personal affairs, and the good listen with attention
	while you expound your own.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


IBM: It may be slow, but it's hard to use.


But the greatest Electrical Pioneer of them all was Thomas Edison, who
was a brilliant inventor despite the fact that he had little formal
education and lived in New Jersey.  Edison's first major invention in
1877, was the phonograph, which could soon be found in thousands of
American homes, where it basically sat until 1923, when the record was
invented.  But Edison's greatest achievement came in 1879, when he
invented the electric company.  Edison's design was a brilliant
adaptation of the simple electrical circuit: the electric company sends
electricity through a wire to a customer, then immediately gets the
electricity back through another wire, then (this is the brilliant
part) sends it right back to the customer again.

This means that an electric company can sell a customer the same batch
of electricity thousands of times a day and never get caught, since
very few customers take the time to examine their electricity closely.
In fact the last year any new electricity was generated in the United
States was 1937; the electric companies have been merely re-selling it
ever since, which is why they have so much free time to apply for rate
increases.
		-- Dave Barry, "What is Electricity?"


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #9

	A word to the wise is often enough to start an argument.


You go down to the pickup station,
	craving warmth and beauty;
You settle for less than fascination --
	a few drinks later you're not so choosy.
And the closing lights strip off the shadows
	on this strange new flesh you've found --
Clutching the night to you like a fig leaf
	you hurry to the blackness
	and the blankets to lay down an impression
	and your loneliness.
		-- Joni Mitchell


I can relate to that.


Force has no place where there is need of skill.
		-- Herodotus


If you have to hate, hate gently.


Remember to say hello to your bank teller.


Every day it's the same thing -- variety.  I want something different.


The struggling for knowledge has a pleasure in it
like that of wrestling with a fine woman.
		-- Lord Halifax


Graduate life -- it's not just a job, it's an indenture.


If time heals all wounds, how come the belly button stays the same?


Television is now so desperately hungry for material
that it is scraping the top of the barrel.
		-- Gore Vidal


Her brother, a bastard named Ben,
Could rotate his pecker, and then
	He would shoot through his rear
	Which made him dear
Of the girls, and the envy of men.


He who knows nothing, knows nothing.
But he who knows he knows nothing knows something.
And he who knows someone whose friend's wife's brother knows nothing,
	he knows something.  Or something like that.


God isn't dead.  He just doesn't want to get involved.


All I want is a warm bed and a kind word and unlimited power.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


If you stand on your head, you will get footprints in your hair.


KANSAS:
	Where the men are men and so are the women!


And on the third day, Christ arose, pushed aside the rock that had served
as the tomb door, and walked again on the earth.
	And as he departed, a passer-by pointed at the door Jesus had left
open.  "What's the matter with you?" he said. "Born in a barn?"


Our sires' age was worse that our grandsires'.
We their sons are more worthless than they:
so in our turn we shall give the world a progeny yet more corrupt.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Executive ability is deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do
the work.
		-- John G. Pollard


	When, in 1964, New Hampshire Republican Senator Norris Cotton announced
his support of Barry Goldwater in his state's primary election, he was
questioned as to whether this indicated a change of his hitherto "liberal"
political views.
	"Well," explained Cotton, "it's like the New Hampshire farmer.  He was
driving along in his car one day with his wife beside him when his wife said,
'Why don't we sit closer together?  Before we were married, we always sat
closer together.'  The old farmer replied, 'I ain't moved.'"
	"I ain't moved," added Cotton.  "I found the trend of Government has
moved farther to the left."
		-- Bill Adler, "The Washington Wits"


Navel, n.:
	A place to stash your gum on the way down.


He who slings mud generally loses ground.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


To vacillate or not to vacillate, that is the question ... or is it?


I'd love to kiss you, but I just washed my hair.
		-- Bette Davis, "Cabin in the Cotton"


SYSTEM-INDEPENDENT:
	Works equally poorly on all systems.


I really hate this damned machine
I wish that they would sell it.
It never does quite what I want
But only what I tell it.


A good sysadmin always carries around a few feet of fiber. If he ever
gets lost, he simply drops the fiber on the ground, waits ten minutes,
then asks the backhoe operator for directions.
		-- Bill Bradford <mrbill@mrbill.net>


You are now in Atlanta, Georgia.
Please set your clocks back 200 years.


I didn't get sophisticated -- I just got tired.
But maybe that's what sophisticated is -- being tired.
		-- Rita Gain


LOVE:
	When it's growing, you don't mind watering it with a few tears.


The last person who said that (God rest his soul) lived to regret it.


MUMMY:
	An Egyptian who was pressed for time.


When the doubt vanishes and the issue becomes evident, stupidity reigns.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


I'm not laughing behind your back; everything funny is in front!
		-- Rodney Dangerfield's wife


The only problem with seeing too much is that it makes you insane.
		-- Phaedrus


Time sharing: The use of many people by the computer.


Two old men are walking down the boardwalk when one of them tells the other
that he has to leave, his wife is expecting him to come home and make love
with her.
	The other man is astonished.  "Make love to your wife?  You're as old
as I am!  Nearly eighty years old!  What do you mean you have to go home and
make love to your wife?"
	The first man smiles and says, "We have a *great* sex life.  We make
love every day."
	"You're kidding!" says his friend.  "How do you do it?"
	"Pumpernickel bread.  That's the secret."  And he dashes off home.
	The other man starts to walk home.  "Hmmm," he thinks to himself
pumpernickel bread.  Well, it's worth a try."  So he goes into a nearby
bakery.
	Going up to the woman at the counter, he asks for their entire stock
of pumpernickel bread.  The woman stares at him in astonishment.  "You want
all the pumpernickel bread we have?  Are you sure?  Don't you know that it
will get hard?"
	"How come," demands the man, "everybody knows about this but me?"


Tomorrow's computers some time next month.
		-- DEC


	"What are we going to do?"
	"Me, I'm examining the major Western religions.  I'm looking
for something that's soft on morality, generous with holidays, and has a
short initiation period."
		-- Maddie and David, "Moonlighting"


f u cn rd ths, u r prbbly a lsy spllr.


Senate, n.:
	A body of elderly gentlemen charged with high duties and
	misdemeanors.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The difference between reality and unreality
is that reality has so little to recommend it.
		-- Allan Sherman


When in doubt, have a man come through the door with a gun in his hand.
		-- Raymond Chandler


Pilots should avoid using illegal drugs.
		-- AOPA's Pilot's Handbook, 1988


No two persons ever read the same book.
		-- Edmund Wilson


Grig (the navigator):
	... so you see, it's just the two of us against the entire space
	armada.
Alex (the gunner):
	What?!?
Grig:	I've always wanted to fight a desperate battle against
	overwhelming odds.
Alex:	It'll be a slaughter!
Grig:	That's the spirit!
		-- The Last Starfighter


"Wrong," said Renner.

"The tactful way," Rod said quietly, "the polite way to disagree with
the Senator would be to say, `That turns out not to be the case.'"


The truth about a man lies first and foremost in what he hides.
		-- Andre Malraux


He boil my first cabbage, make it awfully hot,
But when he put in the bacon, oooh, you know it overflow the pot.
		-- Bessie Smith, "Empty Bed Blues"


If clear thinking created sparks, we could safely store dynamite in James
Watt's office.
		-- Wayne Shannon


Is it weird in here, or is it just me?
		-- Steven Wright


How can you prove whether at this moment we are sleeping, and all our
thoughts are a dream; or whether we are awake, and talking to one another
in the waking state?
		-- Plato


If a group of N persons implements a COBOL compiler,
there will be N-1 passes.  Someone in the group has to be the manager.
		-- T. Cheatham


Mencken and Nathan's Sixteenth Law of The Average American:
	Milking a cow is an operation demanding a special talent that
	is possessed only by yokels, and no person born in a large city
	can never hope to acquire it.


Silence can be the biggest lie of all.  We have a responsibility to speak
up; and whenever the occasion calls for it, we have a responsibility to
raise bloody hell.
		-- Herbert Block


The computer industry is journalists in their 20's standing in awe of
entrepreneurs in their 30's who are hiring salesmen in their 40's and
50's and paying them in the 60's and 70's to bring their marketing into
the 80's.
		-- Marty Winston


Opiates are the religion of the upper-middle classes.
		-- Debbie VanDam


You may my glories and my state dispose,
But not my griefs; still am I king of those.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"


Fortune suggests uses for YOUR favorite UNIX commands!

Try:
	[Where is Jimmy Hoffa?			(C shell)
	^How did the^sex change operation go?	(C shell)
	"How would you rate BSD vs. System V?
	%blow					(C shell)
	'thou shalt not mow thy grass at 8am'	(C shell)
	got a light?				(C shell)
	!!:Say, what do you think of margarine?	(C shell)
	PATH=pretending! /usr/ucb/which sense	(Bourne shell)
	make love
	make "the perfect dry martini"
	man -kisses dog				(anything up to 4.3BSD)
	i=Hoffa ; >$i; $i; rm $i; rm $i		(Bourne shell)


The less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag.
		-- Kin Hubbard


Bridget O'Flaherty McHugh
Held venal traffic with a gnu.
Mistaking fore for aft one morn
Impaled herself upon its horn.

Moral:	Those who seek high ends should shun
	our furred and feathered friends.


I love you, not only for what you are,
but for what I am when I am with you.
		-- Roy Croft


If you took all the students that felt asleep in class and laid them
end to end, they'd be a lot more comfortable.
		-- "Graffiti in the Big Ten"


Paprika Measure:

	2 dashes    ==  1 smidgen
	2 smidgens  ==  1 pinch
	3 pinches   ==  1 soupcon
	2 soupcons  ==  too much paprika


The honeymoon is over when he phones to say he'll be late for supper and
she's already left a note that it's in the refrigerator.
		-- Bill Lawrence


In 1915 pancake make-up was invented but most people still preferred
syrup.


[Norm tries to prove that he is not Anton Kreitzer.]
Norm:  Afternoon, everybody!
All:   Anton!
		-- Cheers, The Two Faces of Norm

Woody: What's going on, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  A flashing sign in my gut that says, "Insert beer here."
		-- Cheers, Call Me, Irresponsible

Sam:	What can I get you, Norm?
Norm:	[scratching his beard] Got any flea powder?  Ah, just kidding.
	Gimme a beer; I think I'll just drown the little suckers.
		-- Cheers, Two Girls for Every Boyd


There's nothing in the middle of the road but yellow stripes and dead
armadillos.
		-- Jim Hightower, Texas Agricultural Commissioner


I was drunk last night, crawled home across the lawn.  By accident I
put the car key in the door lock.  The house started up.  So I figured
what the hell, and drove it around the block a few times.  I thought I
should go park it in the middle of the freeway and yell at everyone to
get off my driveway.
		-- Steven Wright


If you have to ask how much it is, you can't afford it.


Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you
want to test a man's character, give him power.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Rule #1:
	The Boss is always right.

Rule #2:
	If the Boss is wrong, see Rule #1.


QOTD:
	"My penis is better than corn, because corn doesn't squeal when
	you stick those little prongs into it."
		-- Mark-Jason Dominus


Dyslexics have more fnu.


GUILLOTINE:
	A French chopping center.


War is much too serious a matter to be entrusted to the military.
		-- Clemenceau


You own a dog, but you can only feed a cat.


The penis mightier than the sword.


Santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate Clauses.


Andrea's Admonition:
	Never bestow profanity upon a driver who has wronged you.
	If you think his window is closed and he can't hear you,
	it isn't and he can.


Hark, Hark, the dogs do bark
The Duke is fond of kittens
He likes to take their insides out
And use them for his mittens
		-- "The 13 Clocks"


Debug is human, de-fix divine.


At the end of your life there'll be a good rest,
and no further activities are scheduled.


Television has proved that people will look at anything rather than
each other.
		-- Ann Landers


The cart has no place where a fifth wheel could be used.
		-- Herbert von Fritzlar


Remember that whatever misfortune may be your lot, it could only be
worse in Cleveland.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


There exist tasks which cannot be done
by more than 10 men or fewer than 100.
		-- Steele's Law


QOTD:
	"I met her [his fiance] over lunch on Thursday.  She had a firm
	grip.  He's a lucky man."


The root of all superstition is that men
observe when a thing hits, but not when it misses.
		-- Francis Bacon


One doesn't have a sense of humor.  It has you.
		-- Larry Gelbart


The Moving Finger writes; and, having writ,
	Moves on: nor all they Piety nor Wit
Shall lure it back to cancel half a Line,
	Nor all thy Tears wash out a Word of it.


Help Stamp Out Rape!  (Say Yes.)


Things past redress and now with me past care.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"


Who can take the demands of the SDS seriously?
		-- Nathan Pusey


Hear about...
	the absent-minded exhibitionist who was arrested for exposing
	his whatchamacalit?


The seven year itch comes from fooling around during the fourth, fifth,
and sixth years.


A lie in time saves nine.


A man marries to have a home, but also because he doesn't want to be
bothered with sex and all that sort of thing.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham, "The Circle"


Never call a man a fool.  Borrow from him.


Sex without love is an empty experience, but,
as empty experiences go, it's one of the best.
		-- Woody Allen


The more data I punch in this card, the lighter it becomes, and the
lower the mailing cost.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


Swahili, n.:
	The language used by the National Enquirer to print their
retractions.
		-- Johnny Hart


Nobody is one block of harmony.  We are all afraid of something, or feel
limited in something.  We all need somebody to talk to.  It would be good
if we talked to each other--not just pitter-patter, but real talk.  We
shouldn't be so afraid, because most people really like this contact;
that you show you are vulnerable makes them free to be vulnerable too.
It's so much easier to be together when we drop our masks.
		-- Liv Ullman


Sleep is for the weak and sickly.


There is no satisfaction in hanging a man who does not object to it.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


The fortune program is supported, in part, by user contributions
and by a major grant from the National Endowment for the Inanities.


