A performing octopus could play the piano, the zither and a piccolo, and his
trainer wanted him to add the bagpipe to his accomplishments.  With this in
mind, a bagpipe was placed in the octopus's room, and the trainer awaited
results.  Hours passed, but no bagpipe music was heard.  Since the talented
octopus usually learned quickly, the trainer was disturbed.  Opening the door
the next morning, he asked the octopus,
	"Have you learned to play that thing yet?"
	"Play it!" retorted the octopus. "I've been trying to lay it all
night!"


You have not converted a man because you have silenced him.
		-- John Viscount Morley


When I was 16, I thought there was no hope for my father.
By the time I was 20, he had made great improvement.


"You are old," said the youth, "one would hardly suppose
	That your eye was as steady as ever;
Yet you balanced an eel on the end of your nose --
	What made you so awfully clever?"

"I have answered three questions, and that is enough,"
	Said his father.  "Don't give yourself airs!
Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?
	Be off, or I'll kick you down stairs!"
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


There's more than one way to skin a cat:
	#27 -- Use an electric sander.


You can never trust a woman; she may be true to you.


I wouldn't mind dying -- it's that business of having to stay dead that
scares the shit out of me.
		-- R. Geis


There's nothing to writing.  All you do is sit at a typewriter
and open a vein.
		-- Red Smith


Admittedly, there are a lot of things that are better than sex,
and a lot more that are worse; but there's nothing quite like it...


A bachelor is a selfish, undeserving guy
who has cheated some woman out of a divorce.
		-- Don Quinn


Many hands make light work.
		-- John Heywood


It looks like it's up to me to save our skins.
Get into that garbage chute, flyboy!
		-- Princess Leia Organa


If girls are all sugar and spice, why do they taste like anchovies?


Q:	Why did the germ cross the microscope?
A:	To get to the other slide.


He was part of my dream, of course --
but then I was part of his dream too.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


Armor's Axiom:
	Virtue is the failure to achieve vice.


A light wife doth make a heavy husband.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"


Many a man who thinks he's going on a maiden voyage with
a woman finds out later that it was just a shake-down cruise.


The Great Movie Posters:

When You're Six Tons -- And They Call You Killer -- It's Hard To Make
Friends...
		-- Namu, the Killer Whale (1966)

Meet the Girls with the Thermo-Nuclear Navels!
		-- Dr. Goldfoot and the Girl Bombs (1966)

A GHASTLY TALE DRENCHED WITH GOUTS OF BLOOD SPURTING FROM THE VICTIMS
OF A CRAZED MADMAN'S LUST.
		-- A Taste of Blood (1967)


Without love intelligence is dangerous;
without intelligence love is not enough.
		-- Ashley Montagu


When it comes to helping you, some people stop at nothing.


Resisting temptation is easier when you
think you'll probably get another chance later on.


"Deep" is a word like "theory" or "semantic" -- it implies all sorts of
marvelous things.  It's one thing to be able to say "I've got a theory",
quite another to say "I've got a semantic theory", but, ah, those who can
claim "I've got a deep semantic theory", they are truly blessed.
		-- Randy Davis


Zero Mostel: That's it baby!  When you got it, flaunt it!  Flaunt it!
		-- Mel Brooks, "The Producers"


MARTA SAYS THE INTERESTING thing about fly-fishing is that its two lives
connected by a thin strand.

Come on, Marta, grow up.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Real Programmers don't play tennis, or any other sport that requires
you to change clothes.  Mountain climbing is OK, and real programmers
wear their climbing boots to work in case a mountain should suddenly
spring up in the middle of the machine room.


Don't worry so loud, your roommate can't think.


We totally deny the allegations, and
we're trying to identify the allegators.


Piece of cake!
		-- G. S. Koblas


Having a wonderful wine, wish you were beer.


Self Test for Paranoia:
	You know you have it when you can't think of anything that's
	your own fault.


Modern psychology takes completely for granted that behavior and neural
function are perfectly correlated, that one is completely caused by the
other.  There is no separate soul or lifeforce to stick a finger into the
brain now and then and make neural cells do what they would not otherwise.
Actually, of course, this is a working assumption only. ... It is quite
conceivable that someday the assumption will have to be rejected.  But it
is important also to see that we have not reached that day yet: the working
assumption is a necessary one and there is no real evidence opposed to it.
Our failure to solve a problem so far does not make it insoluble.  One cannot
logically be a determinist in physics and biology, and a mystic in psychology.
		-- D. O. Hebb, "Organization of Behavior:
		   A Neuropsychological Theory", 1949


A bachelor is a man who never made the same mistake once.


Damn braces.
		-- William Blake, "Proverbs of Hell"


