I truly wish I could be a great surgeon or philosopher or author or anything
constructive, but in all honesty I'd rather turn up my amplifier full blast
and drown myself in the noise.
		-- Charles Schmid, the "Tucson Murderer"


A social scientist, studying the culture and traditions of a small North
African tribe, found a woman still practicing the ancient art of matchmaking.
Locally, she was known as the Moor, the marrier.


But Officer, I stopped for the last one, and it was green!


It was this guy's first day in the penitentiary; he was in a cell with a
huge burley inmate, and he was pretty nervous.  At lights-out, the inmate
jumped out of his bunk, and, turning to our hero, said, "We're going to
have sex!  You want to be the Mommy or the Daddy?"
	A very terrified hero managed to squeak out, "Uh, well, uh, I guess
I'll be the Daddy."
	"OK," smiled his roommate, "get down here and suck your Momma's dick!"


Ma Bell is a mean mother!


A guy comes into a bar with a frog and sets it down next to the prettiest
girl there.
	"This is a very special frog," he informs her.  "His name is Charlie."
	"What's so special about this frog?" she asks.
He's reluctant to tell her, but when pressed, explains that,
	"This frog can eat pussy."
The girl slaps him, knocking him off his chair, and accuses him of telling her
a filthy lie.  But no, he assures her, it's completely true.  And after much
discussion, she agrees to come back to his apartment to see the frog in action.
She positions herself appropriately, the guy carefully takes out the frog, and
says, "Okay, Charlie, do your stuff!"  The frog is immobile, despite his
owner's exhortations, and the girl starts to snicker.
	"Okay, Charlie, do your stuff!"
	"C'mon Charlie, do your stuff!"
By now, the girl is laughing openly.
	"Okay, Charlie," says the guy, moving the frog out of the way, "I'm
only going to show you one more time."


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #3

	Birds of a feather flock to a newly washed car.


A girl and a boy bump into each other -- surely an accident.
A girl and a boy bump and her handkerchief drops -- surely another accident.
But when a girl gives a boy a dead squid -- *_t_h_a_t _h_a_d _t_o _m_e_a_n _s_o_m_e_t_h_i_n_g*.
		-- S. Morgenstern, "The Silent Gondoliers"


Working with Julie Andrews is like getting hit over the head with
a valentine.
		-- Christopher Plummer


Are Women Human?
In the year 584, in Lyon, France, 43 Catholic bishops and 20 men
representing other bishops, after a lengthy debate, took a vote.
The results were 32 yes, 31 no.  Women were declared human by one
vote.


Orcs really aren't so bad (if you use lots of catsup).


Mary had a little watch;
She swallowed it one day.
And so she took some Ex-Lax
To pass the time away.

But when she took the Ex-Lax
The time it did not pass.
So when you want to know the time,
Just look up Mary's ...
		Uncle, he has a watch, too.


Hear about...
	the Californian terrorist that tried to blow up a bus?
	Burned his lips on the exhaust pipe.


Love at first sight is one of the greatest
labor-saving devices the world has ever seen.


Psychiatrists say that one out of four people are mentally ill.
Check three friends.  If they're okay, you're it.


Q:	What do you call a half-dozen Indians with Asian flu?
A:	Six sick Sikhs (sic).


Girls would never stay out late if guys didn't make them.


Q:	What's the difference between USL and the Titanic?
A:	The Titanic had a band.


I put the shotgun in an Adidas bag and padded it out with four pairs of
tennis socks, not my style at all, but that was what I was aiming for:  If
they think you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical, go
crude.  I'm a very technical boy.  So I decided to get as crude as possible.
These days, though, you have to be pretty technical before you can even
aspire to crudeness.
		-- William Gibson, "Johnny Mnemonic"


... like, what do they mean when they say 'feminine protection'?
What's that?  A chartreuse flamethrower?
		-- Opus


Men of quality are not afraid of women for equality.


The reason it's called "Grape Nuts" is that it contains "dextrose",
which is also sometimes called "grape sugar", and also because "Grape
Nuts" is catchier, in terms of marketing, than "A Cross Between Gerbil
Food and Gravel", which is what it tastes like.
		-- Dave Barry, "Tips for Writer's"


Truly great madness can not be achieved without significant intelligence.
		-- Henrik Tikkanen


My Bonnie looked into a gas tank,
The height of its contents to see!
She lit a small match to assist her,
Oh, bring back my Bonnie to me.


Nobody can be exactly like me.  Sometimes even I have trouble doing
it.
		-- Tallulah Bankhead


Support the right of unborn males to bear arms!
		-- A public service announcement from Phyllis Schlafly,
		   the Catholic Church, and the National Rifle
		   Association


PURGE COMPLETE.


Prototype designs always work.
		-- Don Vonada


Life is like a bowl of soup with hairs floating on it.  You have to
eat it nevertheless.
		-- Flaubert


The surest sign that a man is in love is when he divorces his wife.


Politics are almost as exciting as war, and quite as
dangerous.  In war, you can only be killed once.
		-- Winston Churchill


Mark's Dental-Chair Discovery:
	Dentists are incapable of asking questions
	that require a simple yes or no answer.


Beef stroganoff, n.:
	A bull masturbating.


It is better to remain childless than to father an orphan.


Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
		-- Mark Twain


No sooner had Edger Allen Poe
Finished his old Raven,
then he started his Old Crow.


In Tulsa, Oklahoma, it is against the law to open a soda bottle without
the supervision of a licensed engineer.


A lifetime isn't nearly long enough to figure out what it's all about.


A man always needs to remember one thing about
a beautiful woman.  Somewhere, somebody's tired of her.


You know what we can be like:  See a guy and think he's cute one minute, the
next minute our brains have us married with kids, the following minute we see
him having an extramarital affair.  By the time someone says "I'd like you to
meet Cecil," we shout, "You're late again with the child support!"
		-- Cynthia Heimel, "A Girl's Guide to Chaos"


It is the quality rather than the quantity that matters.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca


In this world there are only two tragedies.  One is
not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it.
		-- Oscar Wilde


I might have gone to West Point, but I was too proud to speak to a
congressman.
		-- Will Rogers


Everything should be built top-down, except the first time.


If the meanings of "true" and "false" were switched,
then this sentence would not be false.


To a Californian, all New Yorkers are cold; even in heat they rarely go
above fifty-eight degrees.  If you collapse on a street in New York, plan
to spend a few days there.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


Hell, if you don't try to remake someone,
how are they supposed to know you care?


When in doubt, do it.  It's much easier
to apologize than to get permission.
		-- Grace Murray Hopper


Radioactive cats have 18 half-lives.


The course of true anything never does run smooth.
		-- Samuel Butler


Program, n.:
	A magic spell cast over a computer allowing it to turn one's input
	into error messages.  tr.v. To engage in a pastime similar to banging
	one's head against a wall, but with fewer opportunities for reward.


XML is like violence: if it doesn't solve your problem, you aren't using
enough of it.
		-- XML guru Chris Maden


Worrying is like rocking in a rocking chair--
It gives you something to do, but it doesn't get you anywhere.


The two couples were enjoying their vacation together at a resort hotel.  They
were in the middle of a game of Scrabble in the lobby when a thunderstorm cut
off the hotel's electricity, leaving little to do but retire to their rooms.
Bill was a rather devout man, so before getting into bed with his companion,
he said his prayers.  As he got under the covers, the lightning suddenly
flashed through the window and he discovered that he was in the wrong room.
He instantly jumped up and started to dash for the hallway.  "It's too late,
called the girl from the bed, "my guy doesn't pray."


FORTRAN is not a flower but a weed -- it is hardy,
occasionally blooms, and grows in every computer.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


What I want is all of the power and none of the responsibility.


In our system there's no intermediate step between a definitive Supreme
Court decision and violent revolution.
		-- Al Gore (New York Magazine, May 29 2006)


Philosophy will clip an angel's wings.
		-- John Keats


You can always pick up your needle and move to another groove.
		-- Tim Leary


	"You know, it's at times like this when I'm trapped in a Vogon
airlock with a man from Betelgeuse and about to die of asphyxiation in
deep space that I really wish I'd listened to what my mother told me
when I was young!"
	"Why, what did she tell you?"
	"I don't know, I didn't listen!"
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Puritanism -- the haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "A Book of Burlesques"


Never keep up with the Joneses. Drag them down to your level.
		-- Quentin Crisp


How untasteful can you get?


Woman's advice has little value, but he who won't take it is a fool.
		-- Cervantes


	"Anything else, sir?" asked the attentive bellhop, trying his best
to make the lady and gentleman comfortable in their penthouse suite in the
posh hotel.
	"No.  No, thank you," replied the gentleman.
	"Anything for your wife, sir?" the bellhop asked.
	"Why, yes, young man," said the gentleman.  "Would you bring me
a postcard?"


Furthermore, if we send something by car, it's a shipment...
but if we send it by ship, it's cargo.


Three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Give me the Luxuries, and to Hell with the Necessities!


Help fight continental drift.


When he got in trouble in the ring, [Ali] imagined a door swung open and
inside he could see neon, orange, and green lights blinking, and bats
blowing trumpets and alligators blowing trombones, and he could hear snakes
screaming.  Weird masks and actors' clothes hung on the wall, and if he
stepped across the sill and reached for them, he knew that he was committing
himself to destruction.
		-- George Plimpton


After an instrument has been assembled,
extra components will be found on the bench.


I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
		-- William Allen White


GRASSHOPPOTAMUS:
	A creature that can leap to tremendous heights... once.


f u cn rd ths, u r prbbly a lsy spllr.


	The famous Nell Gwynn, stepping one day from a house where she had
made a short visit into her coach, saw a great crowd assembled, and her
footman all bloody and dirty; the fellow being asked by his mistress, the
reason for his being in that condition, answered, "I have been fighting,
madam, with an impudent rascal who called your ladyship a whore."
	"You blockhead," replied Mrs. Gwynn, "at this rate you must fight
every day of your life; why, you fool, all the world knows it."
	"Do they?" cries the fellow, in a muttering voice, after he had shut
the coach door, "they shan't call me a whore's footman for all that."
		-- Henry Fielding, "Tom Jones"


The opposite of a profound truth may well be another profound truth.
		-- Niels Bohr


...his disciples lead him in; he just does the rest.
		-- Tommy


The Worst Prison Guards
	The largest number of convicts ever to escape simultaneously from a
maximum security prison is 124.  This record is held by Alcoente Prison,
near Lisbon in Portugal.
	During the weeks leading up to the escape in July 1978 the prison
warders had noticed that attendances had fallen at film shows which
included "The Great Escape", and also that 220 knives and a huge quantity
of electric cable had disappeared.  A guard explained, "Yes, we were
planning to look for them, but never got around to it."  The warders had
not, however, noticed the gaping holes in the wall because they were
"covered with posters".  Nor did they detect any of the spades, chisels,
water hoses and electric drills amassed by the inmates in large quantities.
The night before the breakout one guard had noticed that of the 36
prisoners in his block only 13 were present.  He said this was "normal"
because inmates sometimes missed roll-call or hid, but usually came back
the next morning.
	"We only found out about the escape at 6:30 the next morning when
one of the prisoners told us," a warder said later.  [...]  When they
eventually checked, the prison guards found that exactly half of the jail's
population was missing.  By way of explanation the Justice Minister, Dr.
Santos Pais, claimed that the escape was "normal" and part of the
"legitimate desire of the prisoner to regain his liberty."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Be cautious in your daily affairs.


Q:	Why did the mathematician name his dog "Cauchy"?
A:	Because he left a residue at every pole.


According to my best recollection, I don't remember.
		-- Vincent "Jimmy Blue Eyes" Alo


Two recent emigrants to the United States, on their first day off the boat
in New York City, spied a hotdog vendor.  "Do they eat dogs in America?"
one asked his companion.
	"I don't know."
	"Well, if we're going to live in America, we have to learn to eat
American foods."
	So they each bought a wax paper wrapped hotdog and sat down to eat
them on a nearby park bench.  One man looked inside his wax paper, then over
at the other man, and asked, "So, what part did you get?"


It is enough to make one sympathize with a tyrant for the determination
of his courtiers to deceive him for their own personal ends...
		-- Russell Baker and Charles Peters


A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the
sun is shining and wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
		-- Mark Twain


In a museum in Havana, there are two skulls of Christopher Columbus,
"one when he was a boy and one when he was a man."
		-- Mark Twain


The greatest of faults is to be conscious of none.


Failed Attempts To Break Records
	In September 1978 Mr. Terry Gripton, of Stafford, failed to break
the world shouting record by two and a half decibels.  "I am not surprised
he failed," his wife said afterwards.  "He's really a very quiet man and
doesn't even shout at me."
	In August of the same year Mr. Paul Anthony failed to break the
record for continuous organ playing by 387 hours.
	His attempt at the Golden Fish Fry Restaurant in Manchester ended
after 36 hours 10 minutes, when he was accused of disturbing the peace.
"People complained I was too noisy," he said.
	In January 1976 Mr. Barry McQueen failed to walk backwards across
the Menai Bridge playing the bagpipes.  "It was raining heavily and my
drone got waterlogged," he said.
	A TV cameraman thwarted Mr. Bob Specas' attempt to topple 100,000
dominoes at the Manhattan Center, New York on 9 June 1978.  97,500 dominoes
had been set up when he dropped his press badge and set them off.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Remember, God could only create the world in 6 days because he didn't
have an established user base.


Accuracy, n.:
	The vice of being right.


On ability:
	A dwarf is small, even if he stands on a mountain top;
	a colossus keeps his height, even if he stands in a well.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca, 4BC - 65AD


Q:	What's the last thing that goes through a grasshopper's mind when
	he hits your windshield?
A:	His ass.

Q:	What's the second-to-last thing to go through a grasshopper's
	mind when he hits your windshield?
A:	Oh, SHIT!!


Wishing without work is like fishing without bait.
		-- Frank Tyger


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #19
	A Los Angeles judge ruled that "a citizen may snore with immunity in
his own home, even though he may be in possession of unusual and exceptional
ability in that particular field."


Briefly stated, the findings are that when presented with an array of
data or a sequence of events in which they are instructed to discover
an underlying order, subjects show strong tendencies to perceive order
and causality in random arrays, to perceive a pattern or correlation
which seems a priori intuitively correct even when the actual correlation
in the data is counterintuitive, to jump to conclusions about the correct
hypothesis, to seek and to use only positive or confirmatory evidence, to
construe evidence liberally as confirmatory, to fail to generate or to
assess alternative hypotheses, and having thus managed to expose themselves
only to confirmatory instances, to be fallaciously confident of the validity
of their judgments (Jahoda, 1969; Einhorn and Hogarth, 1978).  In the
analyzing of past events, these tendencies are exacerbated by failure to
appreciate the pitfalls of post hoc analyses.
		-- A. Benjamin


I don't even butter my bread.  I consider that cooking.
		-- Katherine Cebrian


Let your conscience be your guide.
		-- Pope


Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.


Endless Loop: n.	see Loop, Endless.
Loop, Endless: n.	see Endless Loop.
		-- Random Shack Data Processing Dictionary


The bone-chilling scream split the warm summer night in two, the first
half being before the scream when it was fairly balmy and calm and
pleasant, the second half still balmy and quite pleasant for those who
hadn't heard the scream at all, but not calm or balmy or even very nice
for those who did hear the scream, discounting the little period of time
during the actual scream itself when your ears might have been hearing it
but your brain wasn't reacting yet to let you know.
		-- Winning sentence, 1986 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest


But you shall not escape my iambics.
		-- Gaius Valerius Catullus


	7,140	pounds on the Sun
	   97	pounds on Mercury or Mars
	  255	pounds on Earth
	  232	pounds on Venus or Uranus
	   43	pounds on the Moon
	  648	pounds on Jupiter
	  275	pounds on Saturn
	  303	pounds on Neptune
	   13	pounds on Pluto

		-- How much Elvis Presley would weigh at various places
		   in the solar system.


Mixed emotions:
	Watching your mother-in-law back off a cliff...
	in your brand new Mercedes.


The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings;
the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of misery.
		-- Winston Churchill


It's important that people know what you stand for.
It's more important that they know what you won't stand for.


I don't care where I sit as long as I get fed.
		-- Calvin Trillin


Those who have some means think that the most important thing in the
world is love.  The poor know that it is money.
		-- Gerald Brenan


Fresco's Discovery:
	If you knew what you were doing you'd probably be bored.


You will live to see your grandchildren.


Just remember, it all started with a mouse.
		-- Walt Disney


Q:	Why did the chicken cross the road?
A:	He was giving it last rites.


What the world *really* needs is a good Automatic Bicycle Sharpener.


In the middle of a wide field is a pot of gold.  100 feet to the north stands
a smart manager.  100 feet to the south stands a dumb manager.  100 feet to
the east is the Easter Bunny, and 100 feet to the west is Santa Claus.

Q:	Who gets to the pot of gold first?
A:	The dumb manager.  All the rest are myths.


Laugh, and the world ignores you.  Crying doesn't help either.


Have you seen the well-to-do, up and down Park Avenue?
On that famous thoroughfare, with their noses in the air,
High hats and Arrow collars, white spats and lots of dollars,
Spending every dime, for a wonderful time...
If you're blue and you don't know where to go to,
Why don't you go where fashion sits,
...
Dressed up like a million dollar trooper,
Trying hard to look like Gary Cooper, (super dooper)
Come, let's mix where Rockefeller's walk with sticks,
Or umbrellas, in their mitts,
Puttin' on the Ritz.
...
If you're blue and you don't know where to go to,
Why don't you go where fashion sits,
Puttin' on the Ritz.
Puttin' on the Ritz.
Puttin' on the Ritz.
Puttin' on the Ritz.


There are two jazz musicians who are great buddies.  They hang out and play
together for years, virtually inseparable.  Unfortunately, one of them is
struck by a truck and killed.  About a week later his friend wakes up in
the middle of the night with a start because he can feel a presence in the
room.  He calls out, "Who's there?  Who's there?  What's going on?"
	"It's me -- Bob," replies a faraway voice.
	Excitedly he sits up in bed.  "Bob!  Bob!  Is that you?  Where are
you?"
	"Well," says the voice, "I'm in heaven now."
	"Heaven!  You're in heaven!  That's wonderful!  What's it like?"
	"It's great, man.  I gotta tell you, I'm jamming up here every day.
I'm playing with Bird, and 'Trane, and Count Basie drops in all the time!
Man it is smokin'!"
	"Oh, wow!" says his friend. "That sounds fantastic, tell me more,
tell me more!"
	"Let me put it this way," continues the voice.  "There's good news
and bad news.  The good news is that these guys are in top form.  I mean
I have *never* heard them sound better.  They are *wailing* up here."
	"The bad news is that God has this girlfriend that sings..."


I'm willing to sacrifice anything for this cause, even other people's
lives.


Chess tonight.


Lays eggs inside a paper bag;
The reason, you will see, no doubt,
Is to keep the lightning out.
But what these unobservant birds
Have failed to notice is that herds
Of bears may come with buns
And steal the bags to hold the crumbs.


Bookstores will soon be stocking a volume called "The Unsensuous
Census Taker".  It's about a guy who comes once every ten years.


I don't make the rules, Gil, I only play the game.
		-- Cash McCall


If I knew what brand [of whiskey] he drinks,
I would send a barrel or so to my other generals.
		-- Abraham Lincoln, on General Grant


Dignity is like a flag.
It flaps in a storm.
		-- Roy Mengot


I consider the day misspent that I am not
either charged with a crime, or arrested for one.
		-- "Ratsy" Tourbillon


Q:	How many elephants can you fit in a VW Bug?
A:	Four.  Two in the front, two in the back.

Q:	How can you tell if an elephant is in your refrigerator?
A:	There's a footprint in the mayo.

Q:	How can you tell if two elephants are in your refrigerator?
A:	There's two footprints in the mayo.

Q:	How can you tell if three elephants are in your refrigerator?
A:	The door won't shut.

Q:	How can you tell if four elephants are in your refrigerator?
A:	There's a VW Bug in your driveway.


Your files are now being encrypted and thrown into the bit bucket.
EOF


With reasonable men I will reason;
with humane men I will plead;
but to tyrants I will give no quarter.
		-- William Lloyd Garrison


Be prepared... that's the Boy Scout's solemn creed.
Be prepared... to be clean in word and deed.
Don't solicit for your sister, that's not nice,
Unless you get a good percentage of her price ...
		-- Tom Lehrer


	A man who keeps stealing mopeds is an obvious cycle-path.


