A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
Therefore, a man without a woman is like a bicycle without a fish.


QUESTION AUTHORITY.

(Sez who?)


Dying is easy.  Comedy is difficult.
		-- Actor Edmond Gween, on his deathbed


	After sifting through the overwritten remaining blocks of Luke's home
directory, Luke and PDP-1 sped away from /u/lars, across the surface of the
Winchester riding Luke's flying read/write head.  PDP-1 had Luke stop at the
edge of the cylinder overlooking /usr/spool/uucp.
	"Unix-to-Unix Copy Program;" said PDP-1.  "You will never find a more
wretched hive of bugs and flamers.  We must be cautious."
		-- DECWARS


She was bred in ol' Kentucky
But she's just a crumb up here
She was knock-knee'd and double-jointed
With a cauliflower ear
Someday we will be married
And if vegetables become too dear
I'll just cut me a slice of
Her cauliflower ear!
		-- Curly Howard, "The Three Stooges"


	I did some heavy research so as to be prepared for "Mommy, why is
the sky blue?"
	HE asked me about black holes in space.
	(There's a hole *where*?)

	I boned up to be ready for, "Why is the grass green?"
	HE wanted to discuss nature's food chains.
	(Well, let's see, there's ShopRite, Pathmark...)

	I talked about Choo-Choo trains.
	HE talked internal combustion engines.
	(The INTERNAL COMBUSTION ENGINE said, "I think I can, I think I can.")

	I was delighted with the video game craze, thinking we could compete
as equals.
	HE described the complexities of the microchips required to create
the graphics.

	Then puberty struck.  Ah, adolescence.
	HE said, "Mom, I just don't understand women."
	(Gotcha!)
		-- Betty LiBrizzi, "The Care and Feeding of a Gifted Child"


I think I'll snatch a kiss and flee.
		-- William Shakespeare


[Maturity consists in the discovery that] there comes a critical moment
where everything is reversed, after which the point becomes to understand
more and more that there is something which cannot be understood.
		-- S. A. Kierkegaard (1813-1855)


Lie, n.:
	A very poor substitute for the truth, but the only one
	discovered to date.


It's raisins that make Post Raisin Bran so raisiny ...


FORTUNE TESTS THE GREAT MANAGERS: #3

You have prepared a proposal for your supervisor.  The success of this
proposal will mean increasing your salary 20%.  In the middle of your
proposal your supervisor leans over to look at your report and spits into
your coffee.  You:

	(a)  Tell him you take your coffee black.
	(b)  Ask him if he has any communicable diseases.
	(c)  Show him who's in command; promptly take a piss in his
		"In" basket.
	(d)  Take a sip and comment how much better it tastes.


When a girl can read the handwriting on
the wall, she may be in the wrong rest room.


A bore is a man who talks so much about
himself that you can't talk about yourself.


You can imagine my embarrassment when I killed the wrong guy.
		-- Joe Valachi


What garlic is to food, insanity is to art.


Friendships last when each friend thinks he has a slight superiority
over the other.
		-- Honore de Balzac


You can always pick up your needle and move to another groove.
		-- Tim Leary


Abscond, v.:
	To be unexpectedly called away to the bedside of a dying relative
	and miss the return train.


When you try to make an impression, the
chances are that is the impression you will make.


Ever notice that the women who are against abortion are the ones you
wouldn't want to fuck in the first place?
		-- George Carlin


You are loved by the multitudes.
Have you been to the clinic lately?


Nature is by and large to be found out of doors, a location where, it
cannot be argued, there are never enough comfortable chairs.
		-- Fran Lebowitz


It's a small world, but I wouldn't want to have to paint it.
		-- Steven Wright


It doesn't much signify whom one marries, for one is sure to find out
next morning it was someone else.
		-- Rogers


Campbell's Law:
	Nature abhors a vacuous experimenter.


To be or not to be.
		-- Shakespeare
To do is to be.
		-- Nietzsche
To be is to do.
		-- Sartre
Do be do be do.
		-- Sinatra


The first thing I do in the morning
is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Time is nature's way of making sure that
everything doesn't happen at once.

Space is nature's way of making sure that
everything doesn't happen to you.


PLUNDERER'S THEME
	(to Supercalifragilisticexpialidocius)

Pillage, rape, and loot and burn, but all in moderation.
If you do the things we say, then you'll soon rule the nation.
Kill your foes and enemies and then kill your relations.
Pillage, rape, and loot and burn, but all in moderation.


Everything takes longer, costs more, and is less useful.
		-- Erwin Tomash


Your files are now being encrypted and thrown into the bit bucket.
EOF


The universe is all a spin-off of the Big Bang.


Stay away from flying saucers today.


No one born with a mouth and a need is "innocent".
		-- Greg Bear


Halley's Comet: It came, we saw, we drank.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(19) Regardless of the pain in our memories, nostalgia only reminds us
     of the good times in our past.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Bingo, gas station, hamburger with a side order of airplane noise,
and you'll be Gary, Indiana.
		-- Jessie, "Greaser's Palace"


How can you govern a nation which has 246 kinds of cheese?
		-- Charles de Gaulle


Computer Science is the only discipline in which we view
adding a new wing to a building as being maintenance
		-- Jim Horning


The work of Mess Sergeant Potgieter
Is not merely reading a meter.
	By orders of Kirk
	A part of his work
Is dosing the food with saltpeter.


All business is based on the mutual trust of one of the parts.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


The universe does not have laws -- it has habits, and habits can be
broken.


The real man's Bloody Mary:
	Ingredients: vodka, tomato juice, Tabasco, Worcestershire
	sauce, A-1 steak sauce, ice, salt, pepper, celery.

	Fill a large tumbler with vodka.
	Throw all the other ingredients away.


Advice from an old carpenter: measure twice, saw once.


Patience is long forgotten by convenience in this life.
		-- Carmen Caicedo Giraudy


Many pages make a thick book, except for pocket Bibles which are on very
thin paper.


TODAY:
	A nice place to visit, but you can't stay here for long.


The Moving Finger writes; and, having writ,
	Moves on: nor all they Piety nor Wit
Shall lure it back to cancel half a Line,
	Nor all thy Tears wash out a Word of it.


Embarrassment, n.:
	Finding out your German Shepherd has the clap.


There is no such thing as an ugly woman -- there are only
the ones who do not know how to make themselves attractive.
		-- Christian Dior


Envy, n.:
	Wishing you'd been born with an unfair advantage,
	instead of having to try and acquire one.


A mother takes twenty years to make a man of her boy,
and another woman makes a fool of him in twenty minutes.
		-- Frost


Many a bum show has been saved by the flag.
		-- George M. Cohan


Tip the world over on its side and
everything loose will land in Los Angeles.
		-- Frank Lloyd Wright


Every successful person has had failures
but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success.


The truth is rarely pure, and never simple.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Hang gliders come down very slowly.


You are a tower of strength in the office, but only so-so in bed.


Far back in the mists of ancient time, in the great and glorious days of the
former Galactic Empire, life was wild, rich and largely tax free.

Mighty starships plied their way between exotic suns, seeking adventure and
reward among the furthest reaches of Galactic space.  In those days, spirits
were brave, the stakes were high, men were real men, women were real women
and small furry creatures from Alpha Centauri were real small furry creatures
from Alpha Centauri.  And all dared to brave unknown terrors, to do mighty
deeds, to boldly split infinitives that no man had split before -- and thus
was the Empire forged.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Computer programmers do it byte by byte.


Brain, v. [as in "to brain"]:
	To rebuke bluntly, but not pointedly; to dispel a source
	of error in an opponent.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The next thing I say to you will be true.
The last thing I said was false.


A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore.
		-- Yogi Berra


Bennett's Laws of Horticulture:
	(1)  Houses are for people to live in.
	(2)  Gardens are for plants to live in.
	(3)  There is no such thing as a houseplant.


All possibility of understanding is rooted in the ability to say no.
		-- Susan Sontag


We should keep the Panama Canal.  After all, we stole it fair and square.
		-- S. I. Hayakawa


Ken Thompson has an automobile which he helped design.  Unlike most
automobiles, it has neither speedometer, nor gas gauge, nor any of the
numerous idiot lights which plague the modern driver.  Rather, if the
driver makes any mistake, a giant "?" lights up in the center of the
dashboard.  "The experienced driver", he says, "will usually know
what's wrong."


Relations are simply a tedious pack of people, who haven't the remotest
knowledge of how to live, nor the smallest instinct about when to die.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Importance of Being Earnest"


Ben, why didn't you tell me?
		-- Luke Skywalker


He:	Do you like Kipling?
She:	Oh, you naughty boy, I don't know!  I've never kippled!


The IRS spends God knows how much of your tax money on these toll-free
information hot lines staffed by IRS employees, whose idea of a
dynamite tax tip is that you should print neatly.  If you ask them a
real tax question, such as how you can cheat, they're useless.

So, for guidance, you want to look to big business.  Big business never
pays a nickel in taxes, according to Ralph Nader, who represents a big
consumer organization that never pays a nickel in taxes...
		-- Dave Barry, "Sweating Out Taxes"


Your fault - core dumped


There is brutality and there is honesty.
There is no such thing as brutal honesty.


If you go out of your mind, do it quietly,
so as not to disturb those around you.


The computer is to the information industry roughly what the
central power station is to the electrical industry.
		-- Peter Drucker


But this has taken us far afield from interface, which is not a bad
place to be, since I particularly want to move ahead to the kludge.
Why do people have so much trouble understanding the kludge?  What
is a kludge, after all, but not enough K's, not enough ROM's, not
enough RAM's, poor quality interface and too few bytes to go around?
Have I explained yet about the bytes?


He'd kiss and the girls called him Georgie
They'd cry and the girls called him Porgie.
	So he put Spanish fly
	In their pudding and pie
And had the first tiny-tot orgy.


You can bring men from other parts of the world who are sane.  And you
know what happens?  At the very moment they cross those mountains...
they go mad.  Instantaneously and automatically, at the very moment
they cross the mountains into California, they go insane.
		-- Quentin Genter


Don't stop to stomp ants when the elephants are stampeding.


Ginger Snap


VIRGO (Aug. 23 to Sep. 22)
	Get it in writing.  Be careful.  You are surrounded by lechers and
	assholes; birds of a feather flock together.  Trust no one.  People
	will not be offended, because they've come to recognize you for the
	paranoid neurotic that you are.  Your dentures are loose.


God is not dead.  He is alive and well and working on a
much less ambitious project.


You shall be rewarded for a dastardly deed.


Truth is stranger than fiction, because fiction has to make sense.


Real class, adj.:
	When you're by yourself, fart, and say "Excuse me."


A bit of talcum
Is always walcum
		-- Ogden Nash


Keep in mind always the four constant Laws of Frisbee:
	1) The most powerful force in the world is that of a disc
	   straining to land under a car, just out of reach (this
	   force is technically termed "car suck").
	2) Never precede any maneuver by a comment more predictive
	   than "Watch this!"
	3) The probability of a Frisbee hitting something is directly
	   proportional to the cost of hitting it.  For instance, a
	   Frisbee will always head directly towards a policeman or
	   a little old lady rather than the beat up Chevy.
	4) Your best throw happens when no one is watching; when the
	   cute girl you've been trying to impress is watching, the
	   Frisbee will invariably bounce out of your hand or hit you
	   in the head and knock you silly.


"Contrariwise," continued Tweedledee, "if it was so, it might be, and
if it were so, it would be; but as it isn't, it ain't.  That's logic!"
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


So, if there's no God, who changes the water?
		-- New Yorker cartoon of two goldfish in a bowl


Lack of capability is usually disguised by lack of interest.


My geometry teacher was sometimes acute, and sometimes obtuse,
but always, always, he was right.


Warning: Listening to WXRT on April Fools' Day is not recommended for
those who are slightly disoriented the first few hours after waking
up.
		-- Chicago Reader 4/22/83


Sharks are as tough as those football fans who take their shirts off
during games in Chicago in January, only more intelligent.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sex and the Single Amoeba: What Every
		   Teen Should Know"


Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
		-- Carl Sagan


Real computer scientists don't comment their code.  The identifiers are
so long they can't afford the disk space.


It is only the man whose intellect is clouded by his sexual impulse that
could give the name of the fair sex to that undersized, narrow-shouldered,
broad-hipped, and short-legged race.
		-- Schopenhauer


Corrupt, adj.:
	In politics, holding an office of trust or profit.


SMOKING IS NOW ALLOWED !!!
	Anyone wishing to smoke, however, must file, in triplicate, the
	U.S. government Environmental Impact Narrative Statement (EINS),
	describing in detail the type of combustion proposed, impact on
	the environment, and anticipated opposition.  Statements must be
	filed 30 days in advance.


My idea of a wild party is where you throw the girls' panties at the wall
and they stick.
		-- Johnny Bob


Ever wondered about the origins of the term "bugs" as applied to computer
technology?  U.S. Navy Capt. Grace Murray Hopper has firsthand explanation.
The 74-year-old captain, who is still on active duty, was a pioneer in
computer technology during World War II.  At the C. W. Post Center of Long
Island University, Hopper told a group of Long Island public school adminis-
trators that the first computer "bug" was a real bug--a moth.  At Harvard
one August night in 1945, Hopper and her associates were working on the
"granddaddy" of modern computers, the Mark I.  "Things were going badly;
there was something wrong in one of the circuits of the long glass-enclosed
computer," she said.  "Finally, someone located the trouble spot and, using
ordinary tweezers, removed the problem, a two-inch moth.  From then on, when
anything went wrong with a computer, we said it had bugs in it."  Hopper
said that when the veracity of her story was questioned recently, "I referred
them to my 1945 log book, now in the collection of the Naval Surface Weapons
Center, and they found the remains of that moth taped to the page in
question."
		[actually, the term "bug" had even earlier usage in
		regard to problems with radio hardware.  Ed.]


Life is like an onion: you peel it off
one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep.
		-- Carl Sandburg


The blind daters had really hit it off and at the end of the evening, as
they were beginning to undress each other in his apartment, the fellow said,
	"Before we go any further, Charmaine, tell me -- do you have
any special fetishes that I should take into account in bed?"
	"As a matter of fact," smiled the girl, "I do happen to have a foot
fetish -- but I suppose I'd settle for maybe seven or eight inches."


Nothing is rich but the inexhaustible wealth of nature.
She shows us only surfaces, but she is a million fathoms deep.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Did Detroit invent the back seat to destroy the morals of America?
		-- Ed Sanders


If you stew apples like cranberries,
they taste more like prunes than rhubarb does.
		-- Groucho Marx


If only you knew she loved you, you could
face the uncertainty of whether you love her.


There's no saint like a reformed sinner.


And then there was the lawyer that stepped in cow manure and thought
he was melting...


Hear about...
	the ambitious secretary who walked into her boss's office and
	demanded a salary on next week's advance?


I don't wanna argue, and I don't wanna fight,
But there will definitely be a party tonight...


You are not dead yet.
But watch for further reports.


Programmers get overlaid.


Says an airlining wanton named Vi:
"I'm a pantyless stew when I fly.
	To a muffer's delight,
	I'll take head on a flight,
So the guy can have pie in the sky."


Man who keep money in jockstrap has financial matters all balled up.


Hear about...
	the fellow who maintains a special register of particularly
	accommodating girls?  He refers to it as his little blew book.


One evening a guru had coitus
With an actress, a whore and a poetess.
	When asked what position
	He used for coition,
He answered serenely, "the lotus."


Having made a remark rather coarse,
A young lady was seized with remorse;
	She fled from the room,
	And later, a groom
Saw her rolling about in the gorse.
		-- Edward Gorey


Parsley is gharsley.
		-- Ogden Nash


