Who does not trust enough will not be trusted.
		-- Lao Tsu


What garlic is to food, insanity is to art.


This wasn't just plain terrible, this was fancy terrible.
This was terrible with raisins in it.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Q:	What's meaner than a pit bull with AIDS?
A:	The guy that gave it to him.


One could not be a successful scientist without realizing that, in contrast
to the popular conception supported by newspapers and mothers of scientists,
a goodly number of scientists are not only narrow-minded and dull, but also
just stupid.
		-- J. D. Watson, "The Double Helix"


Green's Law of Debate:
Anything is possible if you don't know what you're talking about.


Convention is the ruler of all.
		-- Pindar


I remember once being on a station platform in Cleveland at four in the
morning.  A black porter was carrying my bags, and as we were waiting for
the train to come in, he said to me: "Excuse me, Mr. Cooke, I don't want to
invade your privacy, but I have a bet with a friend of mine.  Who composed
the opening theme music of `Omnibus'?  My friend said Virgil Thomson."  I
asked him, "What do you say?" He replied, "I say Aaron Copeland." I said,
"You're right."  The porter said, "I knew Thomson doesn't write counterpoint
that way."  I told that to a network president, and he was deeply unimpressed.
		-- Alistair Cooke


I have a rock garden.  Last week three of them died.
		-- Richard Diran


Management:	How many feet do mice have?
Reply:		Mice have four feet.
M:	Elaborate!
R:	Mice have five appendages, and four of them are feet.
M:	No discussion of fifth appendage!
R:	Mice have five appendages; four of them are feet; one is a tail.
M:	What?  Feet with no legs?
R:	Mice have four legs, four feet, and one tail per unit-mouse.
M:	Confusing -- is that a total of 9 appendages?
R:	Mice have four leg-foot assemblies and one tail assembly per body.
M:	Does not fully discuss the issue!
R:	Each mouse comes equipped with four legs and a tail.  Each leg
	is equipped with a foot at the end opposite the body; the tail
	is not equipped with a foot.
M:	Descriptive?  Yes.  Forceful NO!
R:	Allotment of appendages for mice will be:  Four foot-leg assemblies,
	one tail.  Deviation from this policy is not permitted as it would
	constitute misapportionment of scarce appendage assets.
M:	Too authoritarian; stifles creativity!
R:	Mice have four feet; each foot is attached to a small leg joined
	integrally with the overall mouse structural sub-system.  Also
	attached to the mouse sub-system is a thin tail, non-functional and
	ornamental in nature.
M:	Too verbose/scientific.  Answer the question!
R:	Mice have four feet.


The light at the end of the tunnel is the headlight of an approaching
train.


Near the Studio Jean Cocteau
On the Rue des Ecoles
lived an old man
with a blind dog
Every evening I would see him
guiding the dog along
the sidewalk, keeping
a firm grip on the leash
so that the dog wouldn't
run into a passerby
Sometimes the dog would stop
and look up at the sky
Once the old man
noticed me watching the dog
and he said, "Oh, yes,
this one knows
when the moon is out,
he can feel it on his face"
		-- Barry Gifford


Disclaimer: Any resemblance between the above views and those of my
employer, my terminal, or the view out my window are purely
coincidental.  Any resemblance between the above and my own views is
non-deterministic.  The question of the existence of views in the
absence of anyone to hold them is left as an exercise for the reader.
The question of the existence of the reader is left as an exercise for
the second god coefficient.  (A discussion of non-orthogonal,
non-integral polytheism is beyond the scope of this article.)


There was an interesting development in the CBS-Westmoreland trial:
both sides agreed that after the trial, Andy Rooney would be allowed to
talk to the jury for three minutes about little things that annoyed him
during the trial.
		-- David Letterman


Sometimes it happens.  People just explode.  Natural causes.
		-- Repo Man


"Lines that are parallel meet at Infinity!"
Euclid repeatedly, heatedly, urged.

Until he died, and so reached that vicinity:
in it he found that the damned things diverged.
		-- Piet Hein


The eagle may soar, but the weasel never gets sucked into a jet engine.


Know thyself.  If you need help, call the C.I.A.


A racially integrated community is a chronological term timed from the
entrance of the first black family to the exit of the last white family.
		-- Saul Alinsky


If I could drop dead right now, I'd be the happiest man alive!
		-- Samuel Goldwyn


Despising machines to a man,
The Luddites joined up with the Klan,
	And ride out by night
	In a sheeting of white
To lynch all the robots they can.
		-- C. M. and G. A. Maxson


Yes, I've now got this nice little apartment in New York, one of those
L-shaped ones.  Unfortunately, it's a lower case l.
		-- Rita Rudner


When you get what you want in your struggle for pelf,
And the world makes you King for a day,
Then go to the mirror and look at yourself,
And see what that guy has to say.
	For it isn't your Father, or Mother, or Wife,
	Who judgement upon you must pass.
	The feller whose verdict counts most in your life
	Is the guy staring back from the glass.
He's the feller to please, never mind all the rest,
For he's with you clear up to the end,
And you've passed your most dangerous, difficult test
If the guy in the glass is your friend.
	You may be like Jack Horner and "chisel" a plum,
	And think you're a wonderful guy,
	But the man in the glass says you're only a bum
	If you can't look him straight in the eye.
You can fool the whole world down the pathway of years,
And get pats on the back as you pass,
But your final reward will be heartaches and tears
If you've cheated the guy in the glass.
		-- "The Guy in the Glass"
		   Copyright 1934, Dale Wimbrow (1895-1954)
		   [Pelf is a Middle English word for wealth or riches,
		    especially when acquired dishonestly. Ed.]


I figure that if God actually does exist, He's big enough to understand an
honest difference of opinion.
		-- Isaac Asimov


SCORPIO (Oct. 23 to Nov. 21)
	Friends abound today, seeking repayment of past loans.  Smile.  Check
	for concealed weapons.  Your natural cheerfulness makes others want
	to throw up.  Knock it off.


Creating computer software is always a demanding and painstaking
process -- an exercise in logic, clear expression, and almost fanatical
attention to detail.  It requires intelligence, dedication, and an
enormous amount of hard work.  But, a certain amount of unpredictable
and often unrepeatable inspiration is what usually makes the difference
between adequacy and excellence.


Aleph-null bottles of beer on the wall,
Aleph-null bottles of beer,
	You take one down, and pass it around,
Aleph-null bottles of beer on the wall.


Imagine what we can imagine!
		-- Arthur Rubinstein


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(8) Peace cannot be achieved merely by developing an "understanding"
    among peoples.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


A conference is a gathering of important people who singly can
do nothing but together can decide that nothing can be done.
		-- Fred Allen


The light of a hundred stars does not equal the light of the moon.


Fun experiments:
	Get a can of shaving cream, throw it in a freezer for about a week.
	Then take it out, peel the metal off and put it where you want...
	bedroom, car, etc.  As it thaws, it expands an unbelievable amount.


In buying horses and taking a wife
shut your eyes tight and commend yourself to God.


Ours is a world where people don't know what they
want and are willing to go through hell to get it.


Ben, why didn't you tell me?
		-- Luke Skywalker


Delores breezed along the surface of her life like a flat stone forever
skipping along smooth water, rippling reality sporadically but oblivious
to it consistently, until she finally lost momentum, sank, and due to an
overdose of fluoride as a child which caused her to suffer from chronic
apathy, doomed herself to lie forever on the floor of her life as useless
as an appendix and as lonely as a five-hundred pound barbell in a
steroid-free fitness center.
		-- Winning sentence, 1990 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest


The pollution's at that awkward stage.
Too thick to navigate and too thin to cultivate.
		-- Doug Sneyd


An American tourist is visiting Russia, and he's talking with a Russian
about the fact that not many people in Russia own cars.

American:	"I can't believe you don't have cars here!  How do you
		get to work?"
Russian:	"We take the bus, or the subway.  We have public
		transportation everywhere."
A:		"Well, how do you go on vacations?"
R:		"We take the train."
A:		"Well, what if you want to go abroad?"
R:		"We don't ever want go abroad."
A:		"Well, what if you really HAVE to go abroad?"
R:		"We take tanks."


I'm N-ary the tree, I am,
N-ary the tree, I am, I am.
I'm getting traversed by the parser next door,
She's traversed me seven times before.
And ev'ry time it was an N-ary (N-ary!)
Never wouldn't ever do a binary. (No sir!)
I'm 'er eighth tree that was N-ary.
N-ary the tree I am, I am,
N-ary the tree I am.
		-- Stolen from Paul Revere and the Raiders


The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


Who was that masked man?


The Israelis are the Doberman pinschers of the Middle East.  They
treat the Arabs like postmen.
		-- Franklyn Ajaye


