One picture is worth more than ten thousand words.
		-- Chinese proverb


Even a hawk is an eagle among crows.


Love is in the offing.
		-- The Homicidal Maniac


Ditat Deus.  (God enriches.)


A little inaccuracy saves a world of explanation.
		-- C. E. Ayres


Chess tonight.


Rules for Writers:
	Avoid run-on sentences they are hard to read.  Don't use no double
negatives.  Use the semicolon properly, always use it where it is appropriate;
and never where it isn't.  Reserve the apostrophe for it's proper use and
omit it when its not needed.  No sentence fragments. Avoid commas, that are
unnecessary.  Eschew dialect, irregardless.  And don't start a sentence with
a conjunction.  Hyphenate between sy-llables and avoid un-necessary hyphens.
Write all adverbial forms correct.  Don't use contractions in formal writing.
Writing carefully, dangling participles must be avoided.  It is incumbent on
us to avoid archaisms.  Steer clear of incorrect forms of verbs that have
snuck in the language.  Never, ever use repetitive redundancies.  If I've
told you once, I've told you a thousand times, resist hyperbole.  Also,
avoid awkward or affected alliteration.  Don't string too many prepositional
phrases together unless you are walking through the valley of the shadow of
death.  "Avoid overuse of 'quotation "marks."'"


The infliction of cruelty with a good conscience is
a delight to moralists.  That is why they invented hell.
		-- Bertrand Russell


Obstacles are what you see when you take your eyes off your goal.


Who can take the demands of the SDS seriously?
		-- Nathan Pusey


One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
		-- Helen Keller


Assembly language experience is [important] for the maturity
and understanding of how computers work that it provides.
		-- D. Gries


The human brain is like an enormous fish -- it is flat and slimy and
has gills through which it can see.
		-- Monty Python


I'm a gay man trapped in a lesbian's body!
		-- The Queer Gospels of Madonna the Sloppily Conceived


Shamus: A shamus is a guy who takes care of handyman tasks around the
temple, and makes sure everything is in working order.  A shamus is at
the bottom of the pecking order of synagogue functionaries, and there's
a joke about that:

A rabbi, to show his humility before God, cries out in the middle of a
service,
	"Oh, Lord, I am nobody!"
The cantor, not to be bested, also cries out,
	"Oh, Lord, I am nobody!"
The shamus, deeply moved, follows suit and cries,
	"Oh, Lord, I am nobody!"
The rabbi turns to the cantor and says,
	"Look who thinks he's nobody!"
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


Cynic, n.:
	One who looks through rose-colored glasses with a jaundiced
	eye.


Except for 75% of the women, everyone in the whole world wants to have sex.
		-- Ellyn Mustard


If everything on the road of life seems to
be coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.


Anything free is worth what you pay for it.


Frobnitz, pl. Frobnitzem (frob'nitsm) n.:
	An unspecified physical object, a widget.  Also refers to
electronic black boxes.  This rare form is usually abbreviated to
FROTZ, or more commonly to FROB.  Also used are FROBNULE, FROBULE, and
FROBNODULE.  Starting perhaps in 1979, FROBBOZ (fruh-bahz'), pl.
FROBBOTZIM, has also become very popular, largely due to its exposure
via the Adventure spin-off called Zork (Dungeon).  These can also be
applied to non-physical objects, such as data structures.


One man tells a falsehood, a hundred repeat it as true.


Tyger, Tyger, burning bright		Where the hammer?  Where the chain?
In the forests of the night,		In what furnace was thy brain?
What immortal hand or eye		What the anvil?  What dread grasp
Dare frame thy fearful symmetry?	Dare its deadly terrors clasp?

Burnt in distant deeps or skies		When the stars threw down their spears
The cruel fire of thine eyes?		And water'd heaven with their tears
On what wings dare he aspire?		Dare he laugh his work to see?
What the hand dare seize the fire?	Dare he who made the lamb make thee?

And what shoulder & what art		Tyger, Tyger, burning bright
Could twist the sinews of they heart?	In the forests of the night,
And when thy heart began to beat	What immortal hand or eye
What dread hand & what dread feet	Dare frame thy fearful symmetry?

Could fetch it from the furnace deep
And in thy horrid ribs dare steep
In the well of sanguine woe?
In what clay & in what mould
Were thy eyes of fury roll'd?
		-- William Blake, "The Tyger"


We may not like doctors, but at least they doctor.  Bankers are not ever
popular but at least they bank.  Policeman police and undertakers take
under.  But lawyers do not give us law.  We receive not the gladsome light
of jurisprudence, but rather precedents, objections, appeals, stays,
filings and forms, motions and counter-motions, all at $250 an hour.
		-- Nolo News, summer 1989


Only two of my personalities are schizophrenic, but one
of them is paranoid and the other one is out to get him.


To many, total abstinence is easier than perfect moderation.
		-- St. Augustine


Kill your parents.
		-- Jerry Rubin


Come live with me and be my love,
And we will some new pleasures prove
Of golden sands and crystal brooks
With silken lines, and silver hooks.
There's nothing that I wouldn't do
If you would be my POSSLQ.

You live with me, and I with you,
And you will be my POSSLQ.
I'll be your friend and so much more;
That's what a POSSLQ is for.

And everything we will confess;
Yes, even to the IRS.
Some day on what we both may earn,
Perhaps we'll file a joint return.
You'll share my pad, my taxes, joint;
You'll share my life - up to a point!
And that you'll be so glad to do,
Because you'll be my POSSLQ.


Gil-galad was an Elven-King
of him the harpers sadly sing;
the last whose realm was fair and free
between the Mountains and the Sea.

His sword was long, his lance was keen,
his shining helm afar was seen;
the countless stars of heaven's field
were mirrored in his silver shield.

But long ago he rode away,
and where he dwelleth none can say;
for into darkness fell his star
in Mordor where the shadows are.


I went into the business for the money, and the art grew out of it.
If people are disillusioned by that remark, I can't help it.
It's the truth.
		-- Charlie Chaplin


13. ...  r-q1


Proof techniques #1: Proof by Induction.

This technique is used on equations with 'n' in them.  Induction
techniques are very popular, even the military use them.

SAMPLE:  Proof of induction without proof of induction.

	We know it's true for n equal to 1.  Now assume that it's true
for every natural number less than n.  N is arbitrary, so we can take n
as large as we want.  If n is sufficiently large, the case of n+1 is
trivially equivalent, so the only important n are n less than n.  We can
take n = n (from above), so it's true for n+1 because it's just about n.
	QED.	(QED translates from the Latin as "So what?")


ARIES (Mar 21 - Apr 19)
	You are the pioneer type and hold most people in contempt.  You are
	quick tempered, impatient, and scornful of advice.  You are not
	very nice.


Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes.
That way, when you criticize them, you're a mile away and you have
their shoes.


QOTD:
	"Who?  Me?  No, no, NO!!  But I do sell rugs."


It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be
privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to
corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


	"Our school, madame, postulates, first of all, that since the
science of mathematics is an abstract science, it is best inculcated by
some concrete example."
	Said the Queen, "But that sounds rather complicated."
	"It occasionally leads to complications," Jurgen admitted, "through
a choice of the wrong example.  But the axiom is no less true."
	"Come, then, and sit next to me on this couch if you can find it in
the dark; and do you explain to me what you mean."
	"Why, madame, by a concrete example I mean one that is perceptible
to any of the senses -- as to sight or hearing, or touch --"
	"Oh, oh!" said the Queen, "now I perceive what you mean by a concrete
example.  And grasping this, I can understand that complications must of
course arise from a choice of the wrong example."
		-- James Branch Cabell, "Jurgen"


QOTD:
	"He's so egotistical he yells his own name when he comes."


Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.


Fertility is hereditary.  If your parents
didn't have any children, neither will you.


Falling in Love
	When two people have been on enough dates, they generally fall in
love.  You can tell you're in love by the way you feel: your head becomes
light, your heart leaps within you, you feel like you're walking on air,
and the whole world seems like a wonderful and happy place.  Unfortunately,
these are also the four warning signs of colon disease, so it's always a
good idea to check with your doctor.
		-- Dave Barry


At ebb tide I wrote a line upon the sand, and gave it all my heart and all
my soul.  At flood tide I returned to read what I had inscribed and found my
ignorance upon the shore.
		-- Kahlil Gibran


	At a recent meeting in Snowmass, Colorado, a participant from
Los Angeles fainted from hyperoxygenation, and we had to hold his head
under the exhaust of a bus until he revived.


Conservative, n.:
	A statesman who is enamored of existing evils, as distinguished
	from the Liberal who wishes to replace them with others.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Good advice is one of those insults that ought to be forgiven.


Help a swallow land at Capistrano.


He hadn't a single redeeming vice.
		-- Oscar Wilde


If you want your spouse to listen and pay strict attention to every word
you say, talk in your sleep.


"Our attitude with TCP/IP is, `Hey, we'll do it, but don't make a big
system, because we can't fix it if it breaks -- nobody can.'"

"TCP/IP is OK if you've got a little informal club, and it doesn't make
any difference if it takes a while to fix it."
		-- Ken Olsen, in Digital News, 1988


Conscience doth make cowards of us all.
		-- William Shakespeare


If addiction is judged by how long a dumb animal will sit pressing a lever
to get a "fix" of something, to its own detriment, then I would conclude
that netnews is far more addictive than cocaine.
		-- Rob Stampfli


The scum also rises.
		-- Dr. Hunter S. Thompson


The soul would have no rainbow had the eyes no tears.


Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper.
		-- Francis Bacon


In dwelling, be close to the land.
In meditation, delve deep into the heart.
In dealing with others, be gentle and kind.
In speech, be true.
In work, be competent.
In action, be careful of your timing.
		-- Lao Tsu


Without coffee he could not work, or at least he could not have worked in the
way he did.  In addition to paper and pens, he took with him everywhere as an
indispensable article of equipment the coffee machine, which was no less
important to him than his table or his white robe.
		-- Stefan Zweigs, Biography of Balzac


Postmen never die, they just lose their zip.


Ask five economists and you'll get five different explanations (six if
one went to Harvard).
		-- Edgar R. Fiedler


A motion to adjourn is always in order.


You will never know hunger.


One day a city dweller decided to take a ride in the country.  He hopped
into his sportscar, wandered along the highway for a while and then exited
to some very rural dirt roads in the middle of farm country.  After awhile,
he came across a farmer who clearly working his fields.  The funny thing was,
the farmer didn't seem to be wearing any pants.  The man got out of his car
and approached the farmer.
	"Hey, buddy," he asked, "how come you're not wearing any clothes?"
	Replied the farmer, "Well, boy, th' other day I was out a-workin'
in the fields, an' I plum fergot t' wear mah shirt.  Got back to th' house
that night, and mah neck was stiffer than an oak-wood board.  This here's
mah wife's idea."


Your program is sick!  Shoot it and put it out of its memory.


Ok, note to all reading this: if I ask for information and you don't
have the information available, don't bother sending me an e-mail
just to tell me that you don't have the information available. Wait
until you do have the information available, and then e-mail me. You'll
save precious time and electrons.
		-- Bill Paul


QOTD:
	"She was so tough she rolled her own tampons."


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #14
	According to Kentucky state law, every person must take a bath
at least once a year.


Lots of girls can be had for a song.
Unfortunately, it often turns out to be the wedding march.


Smuggling... It's not just a job, it's an adventure!
		-- paid for by your local Colombian recruiting office


Hailing frequencies open, Captain.


   n = ((n >>  1) & 0x55555555) | ((n <<  1) & 0xaaaaaaaa);
   n = ((n >>  2) & 0x33333333) | ((n <<  2) & 0xcccccccc);
   n = ((n >>  4) & 0x0f0f0f0f) | ((n <<  4) & 0xf0f0f0f0);
   n = ((n >>  8) & 0x00ff00ff) | ((n <<  8) & 0xff00ff00);
   n = ((n >> 16) & 0x0000ffff) | ((n << 16) & 0xffff0000);

		-- C code which reverses the bits in a word


Were it not for imagination, sir, a man would be as happy in the arms
of a chambermaid as a duchess.
		-- Dr. Johnson


I'm not laughing with you, I'm laughing at you.


You will become rich and famous unless you don't.


The more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war.


Nice boy, but about as sharp as a sack of wet mice.
		-- Foghorn Leghorn


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Man:

 1. A beer NEVER leaves the toilet seat up.
 2. A beer lasts longer than seven seconds.
 3. A beer doesn't want to watch pro wrestling.
 4. A beer won't expect you to cook dinner when you're not hungry.
 5. A beer will never leave dirty socks on the floor.
 6. A beer doesn't mind when your mother visits.
 7. A beer does as many chores as a man, with a LOT less complaining.
 8. A beer won't leave you for a younger woman.
 9. A beer won't leave you for a younger man either.
10. A beer won't tease you because you once liked Barry Manilow.


A policeman is walking his beat when he finds an inebriated man collapsed
against a building, weeping uncontrollably and holding his car keys in his
hands.  He's moaning something about how "They took my car!"  Seeing that
the man is well-dressed, the officer suspects that he may have a real case
of theft on his hands and attempts to question the man.
	"What happened to your car?"
	"My car, it was right on the end of my key, and those bastards
stole it!  Please officer, get my Porsche back.  My God, it was right on
the end of my key!  Where is it?  They stole it and it was right here;
right on my key!"
	"OK, OK, stand up, we'll see what we can do.  You'll have to come
down to the stat...  Mister, your fly's unzipped and you're exposing
yourself!"
	"Oh my God, they stole my girlfriend!"


So... did you ever wonder, do garbage men take showers before they
go to work?


How you look depends on where you go.


The more things change, the more they stay insane.


APL is a write-only language.  I can write programs
in APL, but I can't read any of them.
		-- Roy Keir


1) X=Y				; Given
2) X^2=XY			; Multiply both sides by X
3) X^2-Y^2=XY-Y^2		; Subtract Y^2 from both sides
4) (X+Y)(X-Y)=Y(X-Y)		; Factor
5) X+Y=Y			; Cancel out (X-Y) term
6) 2Y=Y				; Substitute X for Y, by equation 1
7) 2=1				; Divide both sides by Y
		-- "Omni", proof that 2 equals 1


I believe in an America where the separation of church and state is absolute
-- where no Catholic prelate would tell the president (should he be Catholic)
how to act, and no Protestant minister would tell his parishioners for whom
to vote -- where no church or church school is granted any public funds or
political preference -- and where no man is denied public office merely
because his religion differs from the president who might appoint him or
the people who might elect him.
		-- John F. Kennedy


Bond reflected that good Americans were fine people and that most of them
seemed to come from Texas.
		-- Ian Fleming, "Casino Royale"


A big store buyer had been on the road for nearly two months.  Each week he
would send his wife a telegram saying,
	"Can't come home yet.  Still buying."
His wife knew that these buying trips usually involved more than business.
She tolerated this particular jaunt for a while, but when the third month
rolled by and she'd still seen nothing of her husband but the weekly telegrams,
she wired him,
	"Better come home.  I'm selling what you're buying."


Man who keep money in jockstrap has financial matters all balled up.


Said a horny young girl from Milpitas,
"My favorite sport is coitus."
	But a fullback from State
	Made her period late,
And now she has athlete's fetus.


There is no sincerer love than the love of food.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Today you'll start getting heavy metal radio on your dentures.


Using [Windows] for any sort of serious work is like playing an old
text-based adventure game.  You're five feet from making it to your
goal, when bup-POW! a ten ton rock falls on your head.  Because you
didn't disarm the trap three hours before.  [...]

I always hated those adventure games.
		-- David Gerard


Just to have it is enough.


Among the lucky, you are the chosen one.


I have a friend whose a billionaire.  He invented Cliff's notes.  When
I asked him how he got such a great idea he said, "Well first I...
I just... to make a long story short..."
		-- Steven Wright


Never say "Oops" in an operating room.


Civilization is the limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities.
		-- Mark Twain


Teeth for meat are in the mouth --
Teeth for humans are in the soul.
A strong body defeats one,
A strong soul conquers many.
		-- Chinggis (Genghis) Khan


Woman:      "Is Yoo-Hoo hyphenated?"
Yogi Berra: "No, ma'am, its not even carbonated."


QOTD:
	"Say, you look pretty athletic.  What say we put a pair of tennis
	shoes on you and run you into the wall?"


Science is like sex: sometimes something useful comes
out, but that is not the reason we are doing it
		-- Richard Feynman


Heavy, adj.:
	Seduced by the chocolate side of the force.


What ever happened to happily ever after?


Johnson's First Law:
	When any mechanical contrivance fails, it will do so at the
	most inconvenient possible time.


A clever prophet makes sure of the event first.


Although written many years ago, Lady Chatterley's Lover has just been
reissued by the Grove Press, and this pictorial account of the day-to-day
life of an English gamekeeper is full of considerable interest to outdoor
minded readers, as it contains many passages on pheasant-raising, the
apprehending of poachers, ways to control vermin, and other chores and duties
of the professional gamekeeper.  Unfortunately, one is obliged to wade
through many pages of extraneous material in order to discover and savour
those sidelights on the management of a midland shooting estate, and in this
reviewer's opinion the book cannot take the place of J. R. Miller's "Practical
Gamekeeping."
		-- Ed Zern, "Field and Stream" (Nov. 1959)


Yeah, God is dead, he laughed himself to death.


You feel a whole lot more like you do
now than you did when you used to.


There was a phone call for you.


If you have received a letter inviting you to speak at the dedication of a
new cat hospital, and you hate cats, your reply, declining the invitation,
does not necessarily have to cover the full range of your emotions.  You must
make it clear that you will not attend, but you do not have to let fly at cats.
The writer of the letter asked a civil question; attack cats, then, only if
you can do so with good humor, good taste, and in such a way that your answer
will be courteous as well as responsive.  Since you are out of sympathy with
cats, you may quite properly give this as a reason for not appearing at the
dedication ceremonies of a cat hospital.  But bear in mind that your opinion
of cats was not sought, only your services as a speaker.  Try to keep things
straight.
		-- Strunk and White, "The Elements of Style"


A bar patron returned from the men's room grumbling to himself.
	"What's the trouble, buddy?" the bartender inquired.
	"You got John Wayne toilet paper in there!"
	"What do you mean?" the barkeeper asked.
	"It's rough, it's tough, and it doesn't take shit from nobody."


Immanuel Kant but Kubla Khan.


An algorithm must be seen to be believed.
		-- Donald E. Knuth


Once ... in the wilds of Afghanistan, I lost my corkscrew,
and we were forced to live on nothing but food and water for days.
		-- W. C. Fields, "My Little Chickadee"


Her locks an ancient lady gave
Her loving husband's life to save;
And men -- they honored so the dame --
Upon some stars bestowed her name.

But to our modern married fair,
Who'd give their lords to save their hair,
No stellar recognition's given.
There are not stars enough in heaven.


Man 1:	Ask me.  "What is the most important thing about telling a good
	joke?"

Man 2:	OK, what is the most impo --

Man 1:	_T_I_M_I_N_G!


f u cn rd ths, u r prbbly a lsy spllr.


Many are called, few volunteer.


If there is any realistic deterrent to marriage, it's the fact that you
can't afford divorce.
		-- Jack Nicholson


Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
		-- Lao Tsu


Nobody ever ruined their eyesight by looking at the bright side of something.


Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
		-- Mark Twain


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL:		#1
	A guinea pig is not from Guinea but a rodent from South America.
	A firefly is not a fly, but a beetle.
	A giant panda bear is really a member of the raccoon family.
	A black panther is really a leopard that has a solid black coat
	    rather than a spotted one.
	Peanuts are not really nuts.  The majority of nuts grow on trees
		while peanuts grow underground.  They are classified as a
		legume-part of the pea family.
	A cucumber is not a vegetable but a fruit.


Men are always ready to respect anything that bores them.
		-- Marilyn Monroe


Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel.
		-- S. Johnson, "The Life of Samuel Johnson" by J. Boswell

In Dr. Johnson's famous dictionary patriotism is defined as the last
resort of the scoundrel.  With all due respect to an enlightened but
inferior lexicographer I beg to submit that it is the first.
		-- Ambrose Bierce

When Dr. Johnson defined patriotism as the last refuge of a scoundrel,
he ignored the enormous possibilities of the word reform.
		-- Sen. Roscoe Conkling

Public office is the last refuge of a scoundrel.
		-- Boies Penrose


One is often kept in the right road by a rut.
		-- Gustave Droz


A myth is a religion in which no-one any longer believes.
		-- James Feibleman, "Understanding Philosophy"


Suddenly, Professor Liebowitz realizes he has come to the seminar
without his duck ...


A Hollywood producer calls a friend, another producer on the phone.
	"Hello?" his friend answers.
	"Hi!" says the man.  "This is Bob, how are you doing?"
	"Oh," says the friend, "I'm doing great!  I just sold a screenplay
for two hundred thousand dollars.  I've started a novel adaptation and the
studio advanced me fifty thousand dollars on it.  I also have a television
series coming on next week, and everyone says it's going to be a big hit!
I'm doing *great*!  How are you?"
	"Okay," says the producer, "give me a call when he leaves."


Take Care of the Molehills, and the Mountains Will Take Care of Themselves.
		-- Motto of the Federal Civil Service


Too clever is dumb.
		-- Ogden Nash


You shall be rewarded for a dastardly deed.


I was in this prematurely air conditioned supermarket and there were all
these aisles and there were these bathing caps you could buy that had these
kind of Fourth of July plumes on them that were red and yellow and blue and
I wasn't tempted to buy one but I was reminded of the fact that I had been
avoiding the beach.
		-- Lucinda Childs "Einstein On The Beach"


Americans are people who insist on living in the present, tense.


Oregano, n.:
	The ancient Italian art of pizza folding.


DAMN IT, I GOTTA GET OUTTA HERE!


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #1

In Blythe, California, a city ordinance declares that a person must own
at least two cows before he can wear cowboy boots in public.


Other women cloy
The appetites they feed, but she makes hungry
Where most she satisfies.
		-- Antony and Cleopatra


IBM Pollyanna Principle:
	Machines should work.  People should think.


1. The sport of choice for the low skill level employees is: BASKETBALL.
2. The sport of choice for maintenance level employees is: BOWLING.
3. The sport of choice for front-line workers is: FOOTBALL.
4. The sport of choice for supervisors is: BASEBALL.
5. The sport of choice for middle management is: TENNIS.
6. The sport of choice for corporate officers is: GOLF.

AMAZING CONCLUSION: The higher you are in the corporate structure, the smaller
your balls.


Sticks and stones may break my bones but whips and chains excite me!!!


If you want to know how old a man is, ask his brother-in-law.


Had he and I but met
By some old ancient inn,		But ranged as infantry,
We should have sat us down to wet	And staring face to face,
Right many a nipperkin!			I shot at him as he at me,
					And killed him in his place.
I shot him dead because --
Because he was my foe,			He thought he'd 'list, perhaps,
Just so: my foe of course he was;	Off-hand-like -- just as I --
That's clear enough; although		Was out of work -- had sold his traps
					No other reason why.
Yes; quaint and curious war is!
You shoot a fellow down
You'd treat, if met where any bar is
Or help to half-a-crown.
		-- Thomas Hardy


And they shall beat their swords into plowshares, for if you hit a man
with a plowshare, he's going to know he's been hit.


	"How many people work here?"
	"Oh, about half."


Vote anarchist.


He:	Do you like Kipling?
She:	Oh, you naughty boy, I don't know!  I've never kippled!


San Francisco isn't what it used to be, and it never was.
		-- Herb Caen


Every man who has reached even his intellectual teens begins to suspect
that life is no farce; that it is not genteel comedy even; that it flowers
and fructifies on the contrary out of the profoundest tragic depths of the
essential death in which its subject's roots are plunged.  The natural
inheritance of everyone who is capable of spiritual life is an unsubdued
forest where the wolf howls and the obscene bird of night chatters.
		-- Henry James Sr., writing to his sons Henry and William


We don't need no education, we don't need no thought control.
		-- Pink Floyd


Sauron is alive in Argentina!


Women sometimes forgive a man who forces the opportunity,
but never a man who misses one.
		-- Charles De Talleyrand-Perigord


November, n.:
	The eleventh twelfth of a weariness.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


I think we're in trouble.
		-- Han Solo


Support wildlife -- vote for an orgy.


If once a man indulges himself in murder, very soon he comes to think little
of robbing; and from robbing he next comes to drinking and Sabbath-breaking,
and from that to incivility and procrastination.
		-- Thomas De Quincey (1785-1859)


Innovation is hard to schedule.
		-- Dan Fylstra


If the grass is greener on other side of fence,
consider what may be fertilizing it.


	"What the hell are you getting so upset about?  I thought you
didn't believe in God."
	"I don't," she sobbed, bursting violently into tears, "but the
God I don't believe in is a good God, a just God, a merciful God.  He's
not the mean and stupid God you make Him out to be."
		-- Joseph Heller, "Catch-22"


One Saturday afternoon, during the campaign to decide whether or not
there should be a Coastal Commission, I took a helicopter ride from Los
Angeles to San Diego.  We passed several state beaches, some crowded
and some virtually empty.  They had the same facilities, and in some
cases the crowded and the empty beach were within a quarter mile of
each other.  Obviously many beach-goers prefer to be crowded together.
Buying more beaches that people won't go to because they prefer to be
crowded together on one beach is a ridiculous waste of our natural
resources and our taxes.
		-- Ronald Reagan


He is now rising from affluence to poverty.
		-- Mark Twain


Everything is possible.  Pass the word.
		-- Rita Mae Brown, "Six of One"


