God is the tangential point between zero and infinity.
		-- Alfred Jarry


Questions are never indiscreet, answers sometimes are.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Remember: Silly is a state of Mind, Stupid is a way of Life.
		-- Dave Butler


The introduction of a new kind of music must be shunned as imperiling
the whole state, for styles of music are never disturbed without
affecting the most important political institutions. ...  The new
style, gradually gaining a lodgement, quietly insinuates itself into
manners and customs, and from it ... goes on to attack laws and
constitutions, displaying the utmost impudence, until it ends by
overturning everything.
		-- Plato, "Republic", 370 B.C.


Growing old isn't bad when you consider the alternatives.
		-- Maurice Chevalier


Once the realization is accepted that even between the closest human beings
infinite distances continue to exist, a wonderful living side by side can
grow up, if they succeed in loving the distance between them which makes it
possible for each to see each other whole against the sky.
		-- Rainer Rilke


If guns are outlawed, how will we shoot the liberals?


Death is only a state of mind.

Only it doesn't leave you much time to think about anything else.


Oh, so there you are!


Nobody shot me.
		-- Frank Gusenberg, his last words, when asked by police
		   who had shot him 14 times with a machine gun in the
		   Saint Valentine's Day Massacre.

Only Capone kills like that.
		-- George "Bugs" Moran, on the Saint Valentine's Day Massacre

The only man who kills like that is Bugs Moran.
		-- Al Capone, on the Saint Valentine's Day Massacre


You will be attacked by a beast who has the body of a wolf, the tail of
a lion, and the face of Donald Duck.


You don't sew with a fork, so I see no
reason to eat with knitting needles.
		-- Miss Piggy, on eating Chinese Food


Real computer scientists admire ADA for its overwhelming aesthetic
value but they find it difficult to actually program in it, as it is
much too large to implement.  Most computer scientists don't notice
this because they are still arguing over what else to add to ADA.


Slowly and surely the Unix crept up on the Nintendo user ...


Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter
it every six months.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Without ice cream life and fame are meaningless.


One planet is all you get.


Nobody really knows what happiness is, until they're married.
And then it's too late.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#2

Desserts:
	A woman will generally admire an ornate dessert for the artistic
work it is, praising its creator and waiting a suitable interval before
she reluctantly takes a small sliver off one edge.  A man will start by
grabbing the cherry in the center.

Car repair:
	The average man thinks his Y chromosome contains complete repair
manuals for every car made since World War II.  He will work on a problem
himself until it either goes away or turns into something that "can't be
fixed without special tools".
	The average woman thinks "that funny thump-thump noise" is an
accurate description of an automotive problem.  She will, however, have the
car serviced at the proper intervals and thereby incur fewer problems than
the average man.


Life is like a 10 speed bicycle.  Most of us have gears we never use.
		-- C. Schultz


The butcher, the baker, the candlestick make her, why can't I?


A diplomat's life consists of three things: protocol, Geritol, and alcohol.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


There are people who find it odd to eat four or five Chinese meals
in a row; in China, I often remind them, there are a billion or so
people who find nothing odd about it.
		-- Calvin Trillin


There are three principal ways to lose money: wine, women, and
engineers.  While the first two are more pleasant, the third is by far
the more certain.
		-- Baron Rothschild, ca. 1800


Never fly under a seagull - they'll shit on your airplane.
		-- Gordon Cooper


Best of all is never to have been born.
Second best is to die soon.


Rule of Defactualization:
	Information deteriorates upward through bureaucracies.


Never ask the barber if you need a haircut.


One of the first things school children in Texas learn is how to
compose a simple declarative sentence without the word "shit" in it.


The major difference between bonds and bond traders is that the
bonds will eventually mature.


If only God would give me some clear sign!
Like making a large deposit in my name at a Swiss bank.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


Regardless of whether a mission expands or contracts,
administrative overhead continues to grow at a steady rate.


A diplomat is man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never her age.
		-- Robert Frost


Es giebt ein Arbeiter von Tinz,
Er schlaft mit ein Madel von Linz.
	Sie sagt, "Halt sein' plummen,
	Ich hore Mann kommen."
"Jacht, jacht," sagt der Plummer, "Ich binz."


Religion is fine, Churchianity sucks.


Q:	What is the difference between snow-men and snow-women?
A:	Snowballs!


She often gave herself very good advice
(though she very seldom followed it).
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


Trifles make perfection, and perfection is no trifle.
		-- Michelangelo


	"Our school, madame, postulates, first of all, that since the
science of mathematics is an abstract science, it is best inculcated by
some concrete example."
	Said the Queen, "But that sounds rather complicated."
	"It occasionally leads to complications," Jurgen admitted, "through
a choice of the wrong example.  But the axiom is no less true."
	"Come, then, and sit next to me on this couch if you can find it in
the dark; and do you explain to me what you mean."
	"Why, madame, by a concrete example I mean one that is perceptible
to any of the senses -- as to sight or hearing, or touch --"
	"Oh, oh!" said the Queen, "now I perceive what you mean by a concrete
example.  And grasping this, I can understand that complications must of
course arise from a choice of the wrong example."
		-- James Branch Cabell, "Jurgen"


Your wig steers the gig.
		-- Lord Buckley


Announcing the NEW VAX 11/782!!

Be the envy of other major Communist Governments!

Defend yourself against the entire ICBM force of the imperialist USA with
just one of the processors, at the same time you're designing missile ICs,
cracking secret NATO codes and editing propaganda for your own people all
at the same time with the other! (Well, you really can't, but the Americans
think you can, and that's the point, right?)


It is a sobering thought that when Mozart was
my age, he had been dead for 2 years.
		-- Tom Lehrer


If you cannot convince them, confuse them.
		-- Harry S. Truman


So, is the glass half empty, half full, or just twice as
large as it needs to be?


Jack be nimble, Jack be quick.
Jack jumped over the candle stick,
And burnt his balls.


You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.


Now a Jew, in the dictionary, is one who is descended from the ancient
tribes of Judea ... but you and I know what a Jew is -- one who killed
Our Lord ... A lot of people say to me "Why did you kill Christ?"  What
can I say?  It was an accident.  It was one of those parties that got out
of hand, you know...  We killed him because he didn't want to become
a doctor, that's why we killed him.
		-- Lenny Bruce


A figure with curves always offers a lot of interesting angles.


Nowlan's Theory:
	He who hesitates is not only lost, but several miles from
	the next freeway exit.


You see, I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty
attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose.  A fool
takes in all the lumber of every sort he comes across, so that the knowledge
which might be useful to him gets crowded out, or at best is jumbled up with
a lot of other things, so that he has difficulty in laying his hands upon it.
Now the skillful workman is very careful indeed as to what he takes into his
brain-attic.  He will have nothing but the tools which may help him in doing
his work, but of these he has a large assortment, and all in the most perfect
order.  It is a mistake to think that that little room has elastic walls and
can distend to any extent.  Depend upon it there comes a time when for every
addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before.  It is of
the highest importance, therefore, not to have useless facts elbowing out
the useful ones.
		-- Sherlock Holmes


Special tonight, the best toot in town at prices you won't believe!!
Also, the finest dope, brought all the way from Columbia by spirited
young adventurers.  All available tonight, as usual, in the graduate
students bullpen from 11: pm on, usual terms and conditions.
Faculty members especially welcome.


Blessed are they who Go Around in Circles,
for they Shall be Known as Wheels.


Don't vote - it only encourages them!


Pray to God, but keep rowing to shore.
		-- Russian Proverb


Someone did a study of the three most-often-heard phrases in New York
City.  One is "Hey, taxi."  Two is, "What train do I take to get to
Bloomingdale's?"  And three is, "Don't worry.  It's just a flesh wound."
		-- David Letterman


Don't forget to support the ERA apersonment.


Just machines to make big decisions,
Programmed by men for compassion and vision,
We'll be clean when their work is done,
We'll be eternally free, yes, eternally young,
What a beautiful world this will be,
What a glorious time to be free.
		-- Donald Fagon, "What A Beautiful World"


I sent a letter to the fish,		I said it very loud and clear,
I told them, "This is what I wish."	I went and shouted in his ear.
The little fishes of the sea,		But he was very stiff and proud,
They sent an answer back to me.		He said "You needn't shout so loud."
The little fishes' answer was		And he was very proud and stiff,
"We cannot do it, sir, because..."	He said "I'll go and wake them if..."
I sent a letter back to say		I took a kettle from the shelf,
It would be better to obey.		I went to wake them up myself.
But someone came to me and said		But when I found the door was locked
"The little fishes are in bed."		I pulled and pushed and kicked and
						knocked,
I said to him, and I said it plain	And when I found the door was shut,
"Then you must wake them up again."	I tried to turn the handle, But...

	"Is that all?" asked Alice.
	"That is all." said Humpty Dumpty. "Goodbye."
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


Falling in Love
	When two people have been on enough dates, they generally fall in
love.  You can tell you're in love by the way you feel: your head becomes
light, your heart leaps within you, you feel like you're walking on air,
and the whole world seems like a wonderful and happy place.  Unfortunately,
these are also the four warning signs of colon disease, so it's always a
good idea to check with your doctor.
		-- Dave Barry


Murray's Rule:
	Any country with "democratic" in the title isn't.


Q:	What do you get when you cross a pit bull with a prostitute?
A:	Your last blowjob.


		OUTCONERR
Twas FORTRAN as the doloop goes
	Did logzerneg the ifthen block
All kludgy were the function flows
	And subroutines adhoc.

Beware the runtime-bug my friend
	squrooneg, the false goto
Beware the infiniteloop
	And shun the inprectoo.


Yacc owes much to a most stimulating collection of users, who have
goaded me beyond my inclination, and frequently beyond my ability in
their endless search for "one more feature".  Their irritating
unwillingness to learn how to do things my way has usually led to my
doing things their way; most of the time, they have been right.
		-- Stephen C. Johnson, "Yacc guide acknowledgments"


Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.
		-- Euripides


You cannot choose your battlefield, the gods do that for you.
But you can plant a standard where a standard never flew.
		-- Nathalia Crane


It says he made us all to be just like him.  So if we're dumb, then
god is dumb, and maybe even a little ugly on the side.
		-- Frank Zappa


Gold coast slave ship bound for cotton fields
Sold in a market down in New Orleans
Scarred old slaver knows he's doing alright
Hear him whip the women, just around midnight

Ah, brown sugar how come you taste so good?
Ah, brown sugar just like a young girl should

Drums beating cold English blood runs hot
Lady of the house wonderin' where it's gonna stop
House boy knows that he's doing alright
You should a heard him just around midnight.
...
I bet your mama was tent show queen
And all her girlfriends were sweet sixteen
I'm no school boy but I know what I like
You should have heard me just around midnight.
		-- Rolling Stones, "Brown Sugar"


The decision doesn't have to be logical; it was unanimous.


Your reasoning powers are good, and you are a fairly good planner.


Why isn't there a special name for the tops of your feet?
		-- Lily Tomlin


$3,000,000


I can give you my word, but I know what it's worth and you don't.
		-- Nero Wolfe, "Over My Dead Body"


My weight is perfect for my height -- which varies.


Old Japanese proverb:
	There are two kinds of fools -- those who never climb Mt. Fuji,
and those who climb it twice.


The Bible says that woman was the last thing God made.
Evidently He made her on Saturday night.  She reveals his fatigue.
		-- Dumas


A lanky Texan was mad because Texas had just become the second largest state in
the Union, so he made up his mind to move to Alaska.  He drove for three days
and three nights to get there and finally he came to what looked like the state
line.  He halted his car and walked up to the border guard.  "Hi, there!  How
do I become a resident of this here biggest state?" demanded the Texan.
	The guard looked him up and down and grinned.  "Waal," he answered,
there are three things you gotta do to get in.  First, drink down a quart of
110 proof corn liquor without blinkin'.  Second, kill a grizzly bear, and
third, make love to an Eskimo woman."
	"Sounds easy enough," said the Texan.  "Where can I get a quart of
this here corn liquor?"
	"Got one right here," replied the guard.
	The Texan gulped down the whiskey without batting an eyelash.
"Now, do you happen to know where I can find me a grizzly?"
	"Yep," answered the guard, "there's a big b'ar over that way, 'bout
a mile... lives in a cave on that cliff."
	The Texan lurched merrily off.  About an hour later he returned
with his clothes almost torn off and his face scratched and bloody.  He was
smiling happily.  "Now," he roared, "where's that damn Eskimo woman you
want killed?"


A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who has never
learned to walk.
		-- Franklin D. Roosevelt


The help people need most urgently is
help in admitting that they need help.


The life which is unexamined is not worth living.
		-- Plato


	All that you touch,		And all you create,
	All that you see,		And all you destroy,
	All that you taste,		All that you do,
	All you feel,			And all you say,
	And all that you love,		All that you eat,
	And all that you hate,		And everyone you meet,
	All you distrust,		All that you slight,
	All you save,			And everyone you fight,
	And all that you give,		And all that is now,
	And all that you deal,		And all that is gone,
	All that you buy,		And all that's to come,
	Beg, borrow or steal,		And everything under the sun is
						in tune,
					But the sun is eclipsed
					By the moon.

There is no dark side of the moon... really... matter of fact it's all dark.
		-- Pink Floyd, "Dark Side of the Moon"


Protozoa are small, and bacteria are small, but viruses are smaller
than the both put together.


	Harry, a golfing enthusiast if there ever was one, arrived home
from the club to an irate, ranting wife.
	"I'm leaving you, Harry," his wife announced bitterly.  "You
promised me faithfully that you'd be back before six and here it is almost
nine.  It just can't take that long to play 18 holes of golf."
	"Honey, wait," said Harry.  "Let me explain.  I know what I promised
you, but I have a very good reason for being late.  Fred and I tee'd off
right on time and everything was fine for the first three holes.  Then, on
the fourth tee Fred had a stroke.  I ran back to the clubhouse but couldn't
find a doctor.  And, by the time I got back to Fred, he was dead.  So, for
the next 15 holes, it was hit the ball, drag Fred, hit the ball, drag Fred...


When asked the definition of "pi":
The Mathematician:
	Pi is the number expressing the relationship between the
	circumference of a circle and its diameter.
The Physicist:
	Pi is 3.1415927, plus or minus 0.000000005.
The Engineer:
	Pi is about 3.


My father was a saint, I'm not.
		-- Indira Gandhi


Kiss a non-smoker; taste the difference.


	The salesman and the system analyst took off to spend a weekend in the
forest, hunting bear.  They'd rented a cabin, and, when they got there, took
their backpacks off and put them inside.  At which point the salesman turned
to his friend, and said, "You unpack while I go and find us a bear."
	Puzzled, the analyst finished unpacking and then went and sat down
on the porch.  Soon he could hear rustling noises in the forest.  The noises
got nearer -- and louder -- and suddenly there was the salesman, running like
hell across the clearing toward the cabin, pursued by one of the largest and
most ferocious grizzly bears the analyst had ever seen.
	"Open the door!", screamed the salesman.
	The analyst whipped open the door, and the salesman ran to the door,
suddenly stopped, and stepped aside.  The bear, unable to stop, continued
through the door and into the cabin.  The salesman slammed the door closed
and grinned at his friend.  "Got him!", he exclaimed, "now, you skin this
one and I'll go rustle us up another!"


Brigands will demand your money or
your life, but a woman will demand both.
		-- Samuel Butler


In order to dial out, it is necessary to broaden one's dimension.


	Rosenberg wanted to leave the country.  "And what is *your*
reason?" asks the official at the Passport Office.
	"I am told a pogrom is being prepared.  Against the Jews and
the barbers," replies Rosenberg.
	"Why the barbers?"
	"Everybody asks that question.  That's why I want to leave."


I'm also inclined to believe that if you wait long enough, you will
eventually have more than 255 of almost *anything*....
		-- A. Lyman Chapin


Bizoos, n.:
	The millions of tiny individual bumps that make up a
	basketball.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


So, your daughter was voted "Most Likely to Conceive",
and you're still drinking ordinary scotch?


It is a very humbling experience to make a multimillion-dollar mistake, but
it is also very memorable.  I vividly recall the night we decided how to
organize the actual writing of external specifications for OS/360.  The
manager of architecture, the manager of control program implementation, and
I were threshing out the plan, schedule, and division of responsibilities.
	The architecture manager had 10 good men.  He asserted that they
could write the specifications and do it right.  It would take ten months,
three more than the schedule allowed.
	The control program manager had 150 men.  He asserted that they
could prepare the specifications, with the architecture team coordinating;
it would be well-done and practical, and he could do it on schedule.
Furthermore, if the architecture team did it, his 150 men would sit twiddling
their thumbs for ten months.
	To this the architecture manager responded that if I gave the control
program team the responsibility, the result would not in fact be on time,
but would also be three months late, and of much lower quality.  I did, and
it was.  He was right on both counts.  Moreover, the lack of conceptual
integrity made the system far more costly to build and change, and I would
estimate that it added a year to debugging time.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


Some of the things that live the longest
in peoples' memories never really happened.


I trust the first lion he meets will do his duty.
		-- J. P. Morgan on Teddy Roosevelt's safari


Cleveland still lives.  God MUST be dead.


I would be batting the big feller if they wasn't ready with the other one,
but a left-hander would be the thing if they wouldn't have knowed it already
because there is more things involved than could come up on the road, even
after we've been home a long while.
		-- Casey Stengel


My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four.
Unless there are three other people.
		-- Orson Welles


	A man went to a doctor to have his penis enlarged.  Well, this
particular procedure involved splicing a baby elephant's trunk onto the
man's penis.  Overjoyed, the man went out with his best girl to a very
fancy restaurant.  After cocktails, the man's penis crept out of his pants,
felt around the table, grabbed a hard roll and quickly disappeared under
the tablecloth.  The girl was startled and exclaimed, "What was that?"
	Suddenly the penis came back, took another hard roll and just as
quickly disappeared.  The girl was silent for a moment, then finally said,
"I don't believe I saw what I think I just saw... can you do that again?"
	With a bit of an uncomfortable smile the man replied, "Honey, I'd
like to, but I don't think my ass can take another hard roll!"


Time goes, you say?
Ah no!
Time stays, *we* go.
		-- Austin Dobson


No man's ambition has a right to stand in
the way of performing a simple act of justice.
		-- John Altgeld


However, on religious issues there can be little or no compromise.  There
is no position on which people are so immovable as their religious beliefs.
There is no more powerful ally one can claim in a debate than Jesus Christ,
or God, or Allah, or whatever one calls this supreme being.  But like any
powerful weapon, the use of God's name on one's behalf should be used
sparingly.  The religious factions that are growing throughout our land are
not using their religious clout with wisdom.  They are trying to force
government leaders into following their position 100 percent.  If you disagree
with these religious groups on a particular moral issue, they complain, they
threaten you with a loss of money or votes or both.  I'm frankly sick and
tired of the political preachers across this country telling me as a citizen
that if I want to be a moral person, I must believe in "A," "B," "C," and
"D."  Just who do they think they are?  And from where do they presume to
claim the right to dictate their moral beliefs to me?  And I am even more
angry as a legislator who must endure the threats of every religious group
who thinks it has some God-granted right to control my vote on every roll
call in the Senate.  I am warning them today:  I will fight them every step
of the way if they try to dictate their moral convictions to all Americans
in the name of "conservatism."
		-- Senator Barry Goldwater, Congressional Record


	"I suppose you expect me to talk."
	"No, Mr. Bond.  I expect you to die."
		-- Goldfinger


Ooops.  Gotta run.  My dog wants sex.  Later.


I think it is true for all _n. I was just playing it safe with _n >= 3
because I couldn't remember the proof.
		-- Baker, Pure Math 351a


Great Lover, n.:
	A man who can breathe through his ears.


How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.


The best number for a dinner party is two -- myself and a damn good
head waiter.
		-- Nubar Gulbenkian


Why I am an atheist:

1. Atheists do not believe in higher powers.
2. God is the highest power.
3. Therefore, God must be an atheist.
4. We should all strive to be like God.
5. We should all be atheists.


Worst Vegetable of the Year:
	Brussel sprout.  This is also the worst vegetable of next year.
		-- Steve Rubenstein


Q:	Know what the difference between your latest project
	and putting wings on an elephant is?
A:	Who knows?  The elephant *might* fly, heh, heh...


I thought Jackie O. was something you did in the bathroom.
		-- Strange de Jim


The distinction between Jewish and goyish can be quite subtle, as the
following quote from Lenny Bruce illustrates:

	"I'm Jewish.  Count Basie's Jewish.  Ray Charles is Jewish.
Eddie Cantor's goyish.  The B'nai Brith is goyish.  The Hadassah is
Jewish.  Marine Corps -- heavy goyish, dangerous.
	"Kool-Aid is goyish.  All Drake's Cakes are goyish.
Pumpernickel is Jewish and, as you know, white bread is very goyish.
Instant potatoes -- goyish.  Black cherry soda's very Jewish.
Macaroons are _v_e_r_y Jewish.  Fruit salad is Jewish.  Lime Jell-O is
goyish.  Lime soda is _v_e_r_y goyish.  Trailer parks are so goyish that
Jews won't go near them."
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.
		-- Lao Tsu


"How many hors d'oeuvres you are allowed to take off a tray being
carried by a waiter at a nice party?"

Two, but there are ways around it, depending on the style of the hors
d'oeuvre.  If they're those little pastry things where you can't tell
what's inside, you take one, bite off about two-thirds of it, then
say:  "This is cheese!  I hate cheese!"  Then you put the rest of it
back on the tray and bite another one and go, "Darn it!  Another
cheese!" and so on.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"


To think contrary to one's era is heroism.  But to speak against it is
madness.
		-- Eugene Ionesco


He had heard that a certain whorehouse had a reputation for the bizarre.
So he drove to the place and, once inside, asked the Madam if she had anything
unusual for him to try.  "Things are pretty slow today," she said, "but I
do have one number you might enjoy."  She went on to describe a New Jersey
hen that had been trained to do blow jobs.
	"We've got her here, but only for the day."
	The visitor could hardly believe it, but he paid the fee and went
into a room with a hen.  After a frustrating hour of trying to force his
cock into the hen's mouth, he figured out that he was dealing with nothing
but a plain old chicken.  He left.  Thinking about it later, he decided
that he had had so much fun trying that he returned the few days later and
asked the Madam, "Do you have anything new today?"
	"Come this way," she said, and led him to a dark room where a group
of men were looking through a one-way mirror.  He saw that they were watching
a girl making it with a large doberman pinscher.
	"Wow!" he said to the man standing next to him.  "This is really
great!"
	The man replied, "Man, it ain't nothin'!  You shoulda been here
a week ago and seen the guy with the chicken!"


Some people have no respect for age unless it's bottled.


Texas law forbids anyone to have a pair of pliers in his possession.


People never lie so much as after a hunt, during a war, or before an
election.
		-- Otto von Bismarck


Love ain't nothin' but sex misspelled.


You are deeply attached to your friends and acquaintances.


If you haven't enjoyed the material in the last few lectures then a career
in chartered accountancy beckons.
		-- Advice from the lecturer in the middle of the Stochastic
		   Systems course.


God grant us the serenity to accept the things we cannot change, courage to
change the things we can, and wisdom to know the difference.


Vaginal lubricant, n.:
	A slitty slicker.


Armadillo, v.:
	To provide weapons to a Spanish pickle.


Like winter snow on summer lawn, time past is time gone.


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #52:

Q:  What is your name?
A:  Ernestine McDowell.
Q:  And what is your marital status?
A:  Fair.


Sometimes I feel like I'm fading away,
Looking at me, I got nothin' to say.
Don't make me angry with the things games that you play,
Either light up or leave me alone.


Tip the world over on its side and
everything loose will land in Los Angeles.
		-- Frank Lloyd Wright


To be patriotic, hate all nations but your own; to be religious, all sects
but your own; to be moral, all pretences but your own.
		-- Lionel Strachey


I finally went to the eye doctor.  I got contacts.
I only need them to read, so I got flip-ups.
		-- Steven Wright


Some primal termite knocked on wood.
And tasted it, and found it good.
And that is why your Cousin May
Fell through the parlor floor today.
		-- Ogden Nash


Great American Axiom:
	Some is good, more is better, too much is just right.


And this is a table ma'am.  What in essence it consists of is a horizontal
rectilinear plane surface maintained by four vertical columnar supports,
which we call legs.  The tables in this laboratory, ma'am, are as advanced
in design as one will find anywhere in the world.
		-- Michael Frayn, "The Tin Men"


Like the ski resort of girls looking for husbands and husbands looking
for girls, the situation is not as symmetrical as it might seem.
		-- Alan McKay


It's been so long since I made love I can't even remember who
gets tied up.
		-- Joan Rivers


If you are a fatalist, what can you do about it?
		-- Ann Edwards-Duff


MAC user's dynamic debugging list evaluator?  Never heard of that.


Two Peace Corp. doctors who had just returned to a stateside hospital
were in front of the main desk in the midst of a heated argument that
went along these lines:
	(1st doctor)	"No, no, no! It's 'waaaahmmmb'"
	(2nd doctor)	"No you're wrong! It's 'woooooommmb'"
and this continued for quite sometime.
	Finally a nurse stepped in and said: "The correct pronunciation is
'womb'" and trotted off.
	(1st doctor)	"That shows you what she knows."
	(2nd doctor)	"Yeah.  I bet she's never even SEEN a hippopotamus,
let alone heard one fart underwater."


Cops never say good-bye.  They're always hoping to see you again in the
line-up.
		-- Raymond Chandler


People who have no faults are terrible;
there is no way of taking advantage of them.


I'm going to give my psychoanalyst one more year, then I'm going to Lourdes.
		-- Woody Allen


The reason we come up with new versions is not to fix bugs.  It's
absolutely not.
		-- Bill Gates


