	Two morticians alternated in sharing the responsibility of covering
the night shift. One early morning about 3:00 am, a body was brought into the
mortuary, and the mortician began work.  When he had unclothed the corpse, he
noticed a cork in the anus. Removing it, the strains of "Hello, Dolly, well,
hello, Dolly...!" were plainly heard being sung.  He put the cork back, and
the singing stopped. Pulling it out again, the same song started, "You're
lookin' swell, Dolly!".  Amazed, he telephoned his partner, and insisted he
come immediately to see something very unusual. Roused from sleep, the partner
asked if it could wait until morning. It took great persistence, but finally
the partner agreed to dress and come down to the shop.  When he got there, he
said, "Now what was it that was so important you had to get me out of bed at
this ungodly hour?"
	The man said, "Come into the embalming room."
	They go into the embalming room, and the first partner says, "Now
watch."
	He pulls out the cork, and the anus takes off singing again. The
partner looks at him disgustedly and says:  "You brought me down here at
three in the morning just to hear some asshole sing Hello Dolly"?


One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
		-- Helen Keller


The only rose without thorns is friendship.


Science is built up of facts, as a house is with stones.  But a
collection of facts is no more a science than a heap of stones
is a house.
		-- Jules Henri Poincar'e


Star Wars is adolescent nonsense; Close Encounters is obscurantist drivel;
Star Trek can turn your brains to puree of bat guano; and the greatest
science fiction series of all time is Doctor Who!  And I'll take you all
on, one-by-one or all in a bunch to back it up!
		-- Harlan Ellison


I pledge allegiance to the flag
of the United States of America
and to the republic for which it stands,
one nation,
indivisible,
with liberty
and justice for all.
		-- Francis Bellamy, 1892


I came out of twelve years of college and I didn't even know how to sew.
All I could do was account -- I couldn't even account for myself.
		-- The Firesign Theatre


	Exxon's "Universe of Energy" tends to the peculiar rather than the
humorous ... After [an incomprehensible film montage about wind and sun and
rain and strip mines and] two or three minutes of mechanical confusion, the
seats locomote through a short tunnel filled with clock-work dinosaurs.
The dinosaurs are depicted without accuracy and too close to your face.
	"One of the few real novelties at Epcot is the use of smell to
aggravate illusions.  Of course, no one knows what dinosaurs smelled like,
but Exxon has decided they smelled bad.
	"At the other end of Dino Ditch ... there's a final, very addled
message about facing challengehood tomorrow-wise.  I dozed off during this,
but the import seems to be that dinosaurs don't have anything to do with
energy policy and neither do you."
		-- P. J. O'Rourke, "Holidays in Hell"


One is not superior merely because one sees the world as odious.
		-- Chateaubriand (1768-1848)


The annual meeting of the "You Have To Listen To Experience" Club is now in
session.  Our Achievement Awards this year are in the fields of publishing,
advertising and industry.  For best consistent contribution in the field of
publishing our award goes to editor, R. L. K., [...] for his unrivaled alle-
giance without variation to the statement: "Personally I'd love to do it,
we'd ALL love to do it.  But we're not going to do it.  It's not the kind of
book our house knows how to handle."  Our superior performance award in the
field of advertising goes to media executive, E. L. M., [...] for the continu-
ally creative use of the old favorite: "I think what you've got here could be
very exciting.  Why not give it one more try based on the approach I've out-
lined and see if you can come up with something fresh."  Our final award for
courageous holding action in the field of industry goes to supervisor, R. S.,
[...] for her unyielding grip on "I don't care if they fire me, I've been
arguing for a new approach for YEARS but are we SURE that this is the right
time--"  I would like to conclude this meeting with a verse written specially
for our prospectus by our founding president fifty years ago -- and now, as
then, fully expressive of the emotion most close to all our hearts --
	Treat freshness as a youthful quirk,
		And dare not stray to ideas new,
	For if t'were tried they might e'en work
		And for a living what woulds't we do?


When President Paul Doumer of France was assassinated in Paris in 1932,
newspapers differed in their versions of the event.  This is from "Paris
was Yesterday: 1925-1939" by Janet Flanner, edited by Irving Drutman.

	Taste varied as to his cry when he was shot down, the more popular
	papers preferring his despairing "Oh, la la!," the graver dailies
	favoring "Is it possible?"  What few reported were his dying words:
	"But what kind of chauffeur was it?"  Having been told by his aides
	not that he had been shot but that he had been struck by a taxi, the
	President spent the last conscious moments of his life wondering how
	an automobile got into the charity book sale at the Maison
	Rothschild, where his assassination occurred.


Buck-passing usually turns out to be a boomerang.


Go out and tell a lie that will make the whole family proud of you.
		-- Cadmus, to Pentheus, in "The Bacchae" by Euripides


Why a man would want a wife is a big mystery to some people.
Why a man would want *two* wives is a bigamystery.


Mos Eisley Spaceport; you'll not find a more
wretched collection of villainy and disreputable types...
		-- Obi-wan Kenobi, "Star Wars"


It's amazing how much "mature wisdom" resembles being too tired.


Have you ever really thought about there being a simple solution to
America's problems?  Why, we could solve all of our raw materials
difficulties, foreign complications etc. over a long weekend.  If we
got up early, early mind you, on Saturday, we could take over Mexico
by 10:00.  Panama and most of South America would be a bit more difficult,
but I believe we could do it by 6 or 7 that evening.  Turning our
attention northward, Canada would require most of Sunday morning.
General mopping up and execution of the civilian populations would take
up Sunday afternoon.  I just don't understand why Washington hasn't
thought of this...


Rome was not built in one day.
		-- John Heywood


[Prime Minister MacDonald] has the gift of compressing the
largest amount of words into the smallest amount of thought.
		-- Winston Churchill


Economists can certainly disappoint you.  One said that the economy would
turn up by the last quarter.  Well, I'm down to mine and it hasn't.
		-- Robert Orben


My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior
spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive
with our frail and feeble mind.
		-- Albert Einstein


Real Users never use the Help key.


She called her parakeet Onan, because he spilled his seed.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Q:	How many WASPs does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	One.


Riches cover a multitude of woes.
		-- Menander


Alcohol is the anesthesia by which we endure the operation of life.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Christian, n.:
	One who believes that the New Testament is a divinely inspired
book admirably suited to the spiritual needs of his neighbor.  One who
follows the teachings of Christ in so far as they are not inconsistent
with a life of sin.


Don't mind him; politicians always sound like that.


Why must you tell me all your secrets when it's hard enough to love
you knowing nothing?
		-- Lloyd Cole and the Commotions


It isn't easy being green.
		-- Kermit the Frog


Printers do it without wrinkling the sheets.


Two cars in every pot and a chicken in every garage.


I walked on toward Ploughwright, thinking about feces.  What a lot we
had found out about the prehistoric past from the study of fossilized
dung of long-vanished animals.  A miraculous thing, really; a recovery
from the past from what was carelessly rejected.  And in the Middle
Ages, how concerned people who lived close to the world of nature were
with the feces of animals.  And what a variety of names they had for
them:  the Crotels of a Hare, the Friants of a Boar, the Spraints of
an Otter, the Werderobe of a Badger, the Waggying of a Fox, the Fumets
of a Deer.  Surely there might be some words for the material so near
to the heart of Ozy Froats [an academic studying feces] than shit?
What about the Problems of a President, the Backward Passes of a
Footballer, the Deferrals of a Dean, the Odd Volumes of a Librarian,
the Footnotes of a Ph.D., the Low Grades of a Freshman, the Anxieties
of an Untenured Professor?
		-- Robertson Davies, "The Rebel Angels"


Until Eve arrived, this was a man's world.
		-- Richard Armour


They also serve who only stand and wait.
		-- John Milton


Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States.  Ask
any Indian.
		-- Robert Orben

Immigration is the sincerest form of flattery.
		-- Jack Paar


Everyone complains of his memory, no one of his judgment.


Many receive advice, few profit by it.
		-- Publilius Syrus


A man is known by the company he organizes.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


Cogito cogito ergo cogito sum --
"I think that I think, therefore I think that I am."
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Vermouth always makes me brilliant unless it makes me idiotic.
		-- E. F. Benson


I wrecked trains because I like to see people die.  I like to hear
them scream.
		-- Sylvestre Matuschka, "the Hungarian Train Wreck Freak",
		   escaped prison 1937, not heard from since


Life sucks, but death doesn't put out at all.
		-- Thomas J. Kopp


Passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life.
		-- Eric Hoffer


There are no answers, only cross-references.
		-- Weiner


In the beginning was the word.
But by the time the second word was added to it,
there was trouble.
For with it came syntax ...
		-- John Simon


A gangster assembled an engineer, a chemist, and a physicist.  He explained
that he was entering a horse in a race the following week and the three
assembled guys had the job of assuring that the gangster's horse would win.
They were to reconvene the day before the race to tell the gangster how they
each propose to ensure a win.  When they reconvened the gangster started with
the engineer:

Gangster: OK, Mr. engineer, what have you got?
Engineer: Well, I've invented a way to weave metallic threads into the saddle
	  blanket so that they will act as the plates of a battery and provide
	  electrical shock to the horse.
G:	  That's very good!  But let's hear from the chemist.
Chemist:  I've synthesized a powerful stimulant that dissolves
	  into simple blood sugars after ten minutes and therefore
	  cannot be detected in post-race tests.
G:	  Excellent, excellent!  But I want to hear from the physicist before
	  I decide what to do.  Physicist?

Physicist: Well, first consider a spherical horse in simple harmonic motion...


Nurse Jones is a regular on the newsgroup [alt.sex.bondage], and
occasionally has problems with folks harassing her.  She came up
with this in response to one...

	Fortunately, my ego isn't as fragile as that woodpecker's wing.
	When fratboy called me a dyke I told him that actually I was
	bisexual, but that he shouldn't feel threatened because he didn't
	meet either of my standards.  But if it makes you feel more
	comfortable, I said, my husband tied me to the bedposts this
	morning and screwed the daylights out of me.

	"Just think," said

	Nurse Jones,
	 "... that was four
	   hours ago and
	    my sperm count
	     is probably *still*
	      higher than yours."


Nothing endures but change.
		-- Heraclitus
	[Yeah, yeah, "Everything changes but change itself." --JFK Ed.]


It is one of the superstitions of the human mind
to have imagined that virginity could be a virtue.
		-- Voltaire


The only time a dog gets complimented is when he doesn't do anything.
		-- C. Schultz


And so it was, later,
As the miller told his tale,
That her face, at first just ghostly,
Turned a whiter shade of pale.
		-- Procol Harum


I'm not prejudiced, I hate everyone equally.


Once upon a girl there was a time...


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL:		#14
	The Baby Ruth candy bar was not named after George Herman "The Babe"
Ruth, but after the oldest daughter of President Grover Cleveland.


We have met the enemy, and he is us.
		-- Walt Kelly


If you don't drink it, someone else will.


The penalty for laughing in a courtroom is six months in jail; if it
were not for this penalty, the jury would never hear the evidence.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Where do you go to get anorexia?
		-- Shelley Winters


In buying horses and taking a wife
shut your eyes tight and commend yourself to God.


A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
		-- Cervantes


I believe in an America where the separation of church and state is absolute
-- where no Catholic prelate would tell the president (should he be Catholic)
how to act, and no Protestant minister would tell his parishioners for whom
to vote -- where no church or church school is granted any public funds or
political preference -- and where no man is denied public office merely
because his religion differs from the president who might appoint him or
the people who might elect him.
		-- John F. Kennedy


Hatred, n.:
	A sentiment appropriate to the occasion of another's
	superiority.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


A drunk was sitting at the end of the bar in a popular singles' place,
watching a young, good-looking man working his way through the women.  The
guy didn't appear to be having much luck, and he was only spending a few
moments with each woman.  As he worked his way closer, while he couldn't
hear what the young man was saying, he realized that the women were somewhat
shocked at his approach.  Finally, the man approaches a pretty brunette and
they hit it off immediately.  After a bit of quiet conversation, she handed
the young man her hotel key and they started off for the elevators.  As they
passed the drunk, he stopped the lucky one and asked him what his method was.
	"Well," the man replied, "It's simple.  You say 'Tickle your ass
with a feather?'  If she sounds interested, you take it from there.  If she
sounds angry, you smile and say 'Typically nasty weather.'"
	The drunk says "Ohhhhh, got it, I got it!" and walks over to a woman
at the end of the bar to try out his new approach.  Getting her attention,
he smiles and says "Fuck me!"
	"What?!?!?" she screams.
	"Raining like hell, isn't it?"


LIFE:
	Learning about people the hard way -- by being one.


Economics is extremely useful as a form of employment for economists.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


	America, Russia and Japan are sending up a two year shuttle mission
with one astronaut from each country.  Since it's going to be two long, lonely
years up there, each may bring any form of entertainment weighing 150 pounds
or less.  The American approaches the NASA board and asks to take his 125 lb.
wife. They approve.
	The Japanese astronaut says, "I've always wanted to learn Latin.  I
want 100 lbs. of textbooks."  The NASA board approves.  The Russian astronaut
thinks for a second and says, "Two years...  all right, I want 150 pounds of
the best Cuban cigars ever made."  Again, NASA okays it.
	Two years later, the shuttle lands and everyone is gathered outside
to welcome back the astronauts.  Well, it's obvious what the American's been
up to, he and his wife are each holding an infant.  The crowd cheers.  The
Japanese astronaut steps out and makes a 10 minute speech in absolutely
perfect Latin.  The crowd doesn't understand a word of it, but they're
impressed and they cheer again.  The Russian astronaut stomps out, clenches
the podium until his knuckles turn white, glares at the first row and
screams: "Anybody got a match?"


What's another word for "thesaurus"?
		-- Steven Wright


STRATEGY:
	A comprehensive plan of inaction.


Politics, n.:
	A strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles.
	The conduct of public affairs for private advantage.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


White House carpenters have reworked the master bedroom, remodeling it
so that Ronnie can sleep with his head in the hall.  That way, by the
time he wakes up, somebody will have already shined his hair.


I'd like to start a new religion.  One that doesn't use a dead young
man as its logo.
		-- Bill Cain, "Stand Up Tragedy"


Q:	Heard about the <ethnic> who couldn't spell?
A:	He spent the night in a warehouse.


It is much easier to suggest solutions
when you know nothing about the problem.


God is omnipotent, omniscient, and omnibenevolent -- it says so right here
on the label.  If you have a mind capable of believing all three of these
divine attributes simultaneously, I have a wonderful bargain for you.  No
checks, please.  Cash and in small bills.
		-- Lazarus Long


Nature is by and large to be found out of doors, a location where, it
cannot be argued, there are never enough comfortable chairs.
		-- Fran Lebowitz


The world is coming to an end...  SAVE YOUR BUFFERS!!


Democracy is also a form of worship.
It is the worship of Jackals by Jackasses.
		-- H. L. Mencken


A man was playing golf one day when a little frog hopped out the water at a
water hazard and croaked, "I am a magic frog, and since you are the 10,000th
person to play through here, I'm prepared to offer you one of two magic gifts:
First, for a whole year you can have the most fabulous sex life that anyone
ever had; beyond your wildest dreams.  Or, second, for a whole year you can
be the best golfer the world has ever known.  Which do you prefer?"  The man
thought a bit and said that he'd take the golf.  Well, the man holed his wood
shot from where he was, completed the course in an average of 2 per hole, and
went round in 22.  Quickly he attracted the attention of the sports world,
and became the world's best-known golfer, setting course records wherever
he went.  A year later he was playing the same course inhabited by the frog,
and at the water hazard the frog hopped out and said, "Well, the year is up,
and you now revert to the 18-handicap player you were before.  But tell me, I
was a little surprised that you chose the golf -- I take it your sex life is
outstanding?"  The man said, "Well, I have no complaints in that department
at all, which is why I chose the golf." "How many times did you engage in sex
last year?" inquired the frog.  The man thought a little and said, "Oh, eight
or ten times, I guess."  "Damn," said the frog, "that doesn't strike me as very
satisfactory."  "Oh, I don't know," replied the man, "it doesn't seem so bad
for a Catholic priest from a little town in South Dakota."


If I were a grave-digger or even a hangman, there are some people I could
work for with a great deal of enjoyment.
		-- Douglas Jerrold


Ma Bell is a mean mother!


I have never understood this liking for war.  It panders to instincts
already catered for within the scope of any respectable domestic
establishment.
		-- Alan Bennett


Old soldiers never die.  Young ones do.


The trouble with doing something right the first
time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.


INSECURITY:
	Finding out that you've mispronounced for years one of your
	favorite words.

	Realizing halfway through a joke that you're telling it to
	the person who told it to you.


I never take work home with me; I always leave it in some bar along the way.


Expense accounts, n.:
	Corporate food stamps.


Rule 46, Oxford Union Society, London:
	Any member introducing a dog into the Society's premises shall
be liable to a fine of one pound.  Any animal leading a blind person
shall be deemed to be a cat.


It's odd, and a little unsettling, to reflect upon the fact that English is
the only major language in which "I" is capitalized; in many other languages
"You" is capitalized and the "i" is lower case.
		-- Sydney J. Harris


Americans' greatest fear is that America will turn out
to have been a phenomenon, not a civilization.
		-- Shirley Hazzard, "Transit of Venus"


Q:	What's the difference between a hold-up and a stick-up?
A:	Age.


Remember that there is an outside world to see and enjoy.
		-- Hans Liepmann


Oh give me your pity!
I'm on a committee,			We attend and amend
Which means that from morning		And contend and defend
	to night,			Without a conclusion in sight.

We confer and concur,
We defer and demur,			We revise the agenda
And reiterate all of our thoughts.	With frequent addenda
					And consider a load of reports.

We compose and propose,
We suppose and oppose,			But though various notions
And the points of procedure are fun;	Are brought up as motions,
					There's terribly little gets done.

We resolve and absolve;
But we never dissolve,
Since it's out of the question for us
To bring our committee
To end like this ditty,
Which stops with a period, thus.
		-- Leslie Lipson, "The Committee"


I have just enough white in me to make my honesty questionable.
		-- Will Rogers


Argue for your limitations, and sure enough, they're yours.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


The computer gets faster! --Moore--


Space: the final frontier.  These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise.
Its five-year mission: to explore strange new worlds; to seek out new life
and new civilizations; to boldly go where no man has gone before.
		-- Captain James T. Kirk


Do you mean that you not only want a wrong
answer, but a certain wrong answer?
		-- Tobaben


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #16

The Arkansas legislature passed a law that states that the Arkansas River
can rise no higher than to the Main Street bridge in Little Rock.


Rule of the Great:
	When people you greatly admire appear to be thinking deep
	thoughts, they probably are thinking about lunch.


We boggies are a hairy folk		Ever hungry, ever thirsting,
Who like to eat until we choke.		Never stop till belly's bursting.
Loving all like friend and brother,	Chewing chop and pork and muttons,
And hardly ever eat each other.		A merry race of boring gluttons.

Sing: GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE.

Boggies gather 'round the table,	Anything edible, we've got dibs on,
Eat as much as you are able.		And hope we all die with our bibs on.
Gorge yourselves from moon till noon	Ever gay, we'll never grow up,
(Don't forget your plate and spoon.)	Come! And sing and play and throw-up!

Sing: GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE!
		-- Bored of the Rings, "The Hobbits National Anthem"


My best argument against discrimination is quite simple:

Does it really matter if the ABC people are inferior to the DEF people if
they can tell one end of a gun from the other?


Don't hit the keys so hard, it hurts.


	"What do you do when your real life exceeds your wildest
fantasies?"
	"You keep it to yourself."
		-- Broadcast News


Forest fires cause Smokey Bears.


A Dublin lawyer died in poverty and many barristers of the city subscribed to
a fund for his funeral.  The Lord Chief Justice of Orbury was asked to donate
a shilling.  "Only a shilling?" exclaimed the man. "Only a shilling to bury
an attorney?  Here's a guinea; go and bury twenty of them."


Gross, adj.:
	When your grandmother kisses you goodnight and
	slips you some tongue.


What you see is from outside yourself, and may come, or not, but is beyond
your control.  But your fear is yours, and yours alone, like your voice, or
your fingers, or your memory, and therefore yours to control.  If you feel
powerless over your fear, you have not yet admitted that it is yours, to do
with as you will.
		-- Marion Zimmer Bradley, "Stormqueen"


When my freshman roommate at Cornell found out I was Jewish, she was,
at her request, moved to a different room.  She told me she didn't
think she had ever seen a Jew before.  My only response was to begin
wearing a small Star of David on a chain around my neck.  I had not
become a more observing Jew; rather, discovering that the label of
Jew was offensive to others made me want to let people know who I
was and what I believed in.  Similarly, after talking to these young
women -- one of whom told me that she didn't think she had ever met
a feminist -- I've taken to identifying myself as a feminist in the
most unlikely of situations.
		-- Susan Bolotin, "Voices From the Post-Feminist Generation"


Men still remember the first kiss after women have forgotten the last.


A programming language is low level
when its programs require attention to the irrelevant.


God help the troubadour who tries to be a star.  The more
that you try to find success, the more that you will fail.
		-- Phil Ochs, on the Second System Effect


Dark and lonely on a summer night
	Kill my landlord,
	Kill my landlord.
The watchdog barkin'
Do he bite?
	Kill my landlord,
	Kill my landlord.
Slip in his window.
Break his neck.
Then his house I start to wreck
Got no reason,
What the heck?
	Kill my landlord,
	Kill my landlord.
	C-I-L-L my landlord!
		-- "Images" by Tyrone Green, SNL


There's nothing like good food, good wine, and a bad girl.


	He who receives ideas from me, receives instruction himself without
lessening mine; as he who lights his taper at mine receives light
without darkening me.
		-- Thomas Jefferson on patents on ideas


Nothing is more quiet than the sound of hair going grey.


			-- Gifts for Men --

Men are amused by almost any idiot thing -- that is why professional
ice hockey is so popular -- so buying gifts for them is easy.  But you
should never buy them clothes.  Men believe they already have all the
clothes they will ever need, and new ones make them nervous.  For
example, your average man has 84 ties, but he wears, at most, only
three of them.  He has learned, through humiliating trial and error,
that if he wears any of the other 81 ties, his wife will probably laugh
at him ("You're not going to wear THAT tie with that suit, are you?").
So he has narrowed it down to three safe ties, and has gone several
years without being laughed at.  If you give him a new tie, he will
pretend to like it, but deep inside he will hate you.

If you want to give a man something practical, consider tires.  More
than once, I would have gladly traded all the gifts I got for a new set
of tires.
		-- Dave Barry, "Christmas Shopping: A Survivor's Guide"


Moderation in all things.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer [Terence]


Torque is cheap.


The Army needs leaders the way a foot needs a big toe.
		-- Bill Murray


I thought YOU silenced the guard!


I'm so broke I can't even pay attention.


Far back in the mists of ancient time, in the great and glorious days of the
former Galactic Empire, life was wild, rich and largely tax free.

Mighty starships plied their way between exotic suns, seeking adventure and
reward among the furthest reaches of Galactic space.  In those days, spirits
were brave, the stakes were high, men were real men, women were real women
and small furry creatures from Alpha Centauri were real small furry creatures
from Alpha Centauri.  And all dared to brave unknown terrors, to do mighty
deeds, to boldly split infinitives that no man had split before -- and thus
was the Empire forged.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Any time things appear to be going better, you have overlooked
something.


Tim and I a hunting went
We found three damsels in a tent,
As they were three, and we were two,
I bucked one and Timbuktu.
		-- the only known poem using the word "Timbuktu"


The fact that an opinion has been widely held is no evidence that it is not
utterly absurd; indeed, in view of the silliness of the majority of mankind,
a widespread belief is more often likely to be foolish than sensible.
		-- Bertrand Russell, in "Marriage and Morals", 1929


You have a massage (from the Swedish prime minister).


Don't expect people to keep in step--
it's hard enough just staying in line.


The great nations have always acted like gangsters and the small nations
like prostitutes.
		-- Stanley Kubrick


Even if you persuade me, you won't persuade me.
		-- Aristophanes


Kludge, n.:
	An ill-assorted collection of poorly-matching parts, forming a
	distressing whole.
		-- Jackson Granholm, "Datamation"


X windows:
	Something you can be ashamed of.
	30%% more entropy than the leading window system.
	The first fully modular software disaster.
	Rome was destroyed in a day.
	Warn your friends about it.
	Climbing to new depths.  Sinking to new heights.
	An accident that couldn't wait to happen.
	Don't wait for the movie.
	Never use it after a big meal.
	Need we say less?
	Plumbing the depths of human incompetence.
	It'll make your day.
	Don't get frustrated without it.
	Power tools for power losers.
	A software disaster of Biblical proportions.
	Never had it.  Never will.
	The software with no visible means of support.
	More than just a generation behind.

Hindenburg.  Titanic.  Edsel.
	X windows.


A businessman was awe-struck by the beautiful redhead at the hotel bar.
Seeing his interest, she quietly informed him that she was a prostitute
and that her price was $500.  He was taken aback by the price, but after
a few minutes of thought he took her up to his room.  She spent a few
minutes in the bathroom and was shocked when she came out to see him
masturbating furiously on the bed.  "What are you doing?", she asked.
	"Baby, for $500, you're not going to get the easy one!"


What the deuce is it to me?  You say that we go around the sun.  If we went
around the moon it would not make a pennyworth of difference to me or my work.
		-- Sherlock Holmes, "A Study in Scarlet"


