	A manager went to the master programmer and showed him the requirements
document for a new application.  The manager asked the master: "How long will
it take to design this system if I assign five programmers to it?"
	"It will take one year," said the master promptly.
	"But we need this system immediately or even sooner!  How long will it
take it I assign ten programmers to it?"
	The master programmer frowned.  "In that case, it will take two years."
	"And what if I assign a hundred programmers to it?"
	The master programmer shrugged.  "Then the design will never be
completed," he said.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


It's hard to outrun dead people because they don't have to breathe.
		-- Hokey, describing "Night of the Living Dead"


Man has made his bedlam; let him lie in it.
		-- Fred Allen


Why would anyone want to be called "Later"?


The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men
of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding.
		-- Justice Louis D. Brandeis


Last week I saw a girl in a sweater so tight I could hardly breathe.


That reminds me of a friend of mine who went north to work on the Alaskan
pipeline.  Before he went up there, he was just a skinny little runt.  When
he got back, he was a husky fucker.


You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL:		#14
	The Baby Ruth candy bar was not named after George Herman "The Babe"
Ruth, but after the oldest daughter of President Grover Cleveland.


Sam:   What's the good word, Norm?
Norm:  Plop, plop, fizz, fizz.
Sam:   Oh no, not the Hungry Heifer...
Norm:  Yeah, yeah, yeah...
Sam:   One heartburn cocktail coming up.
		-- Cheers, I'll Gladly Pay You Tuesday

Sam:   Whaddya say, Norm?
Norm:  Well, I never met a beer I didn't drink.  And down it goes.
		-- Cheers, Love Thy Neighbor

Woody:  What's your pleasure, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   Boxer shorts and loose shoes.  But I'll settle for a beer.
		-- Cheers, The Bar Stoolie


A person who has both feet planted firmly in the air can be safely
called a liberal.


The only qualities for real success in journalism are ratlike cunning, a
plausible manner and a little literary ability.  The capacity to steal
other people's ideas and phrases ... is also invaluable.
		-- Nicolas Tomalin, "Stop the Press, I Want to Get On"


His designs were strictly honourable, as the phrase is: that is, to rob
a lady of her fortune by way of marriage.
		-- Henry Fielding, "Tom Jones"


	"Surely you can't be serious."
	"I am serious, and don't call me Shirley."


Bisexuality immediately doubles your chances for a date on Saturday night.
		-- Woody Allen


The two things that you should never lend out are your car
or your woman.  Someone's bound to throw a rod in either one.


Laugh and the world thinks you're an idiot.


	"...The name of the song is called 'Haddocks' Eyes'!"
	"Oh, that's the name of the song, is it?" Alice said, trying to
feel interested.
	"No, you don't understand," the Knight said, looking a little
vexed.  "That's what the name is called.  The name really is, 'The Aged
Aged Man.'"
	"Then I ought to have said "That's what the song is called'?"
Alice corrected herself.
	"No, you oughtn't: that's quite another thing!  The song is
called 'Ways and Means':  but that's only what it is called you know!"
	"Well, what is the song then?" said Alice, who was by this
time completely bewildered.
	"I was coming to that," the Knight said.  "The song really is
"A-sitting on a Gate": and the tune's my own invention."
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


"You are old, Father William," the young man said,
	"All your papers these days look the same;
Those William's would be better unread --
	Do these facts never fill you with shame?"

"In my youth," Father William replied to his son,
	"I wrote wonderful papers galore;
But the great reputation I found that I'd won,
	Made it pointless to think any more."


It's all so painfully empty and lonesome...  I don't think I can stand
any more of it... the whole dreadful way we are born, die, and are
never missed.  The fact there is *nobody*... nobody really...  We come
out of a yawning tomb of flesh and sink back finally into another tomb.
What is the point of it all?  Who thought up this sickening circle of
flesh and blood?  We come into the world bleeding and cut and our bones
half-crushed only to emerge and suffer more torment, mutilation, and
then at the last lie down in some hole in the ground forever.  Who could
have thought it up, I wonder?
		-- James Purdy


A real gentleman never takes bases unless he really has to.
		-- Overheard in an algebra lecture


History has much to say on following the proper procedures.  From a history
of the Mexican revolution:

	"Hildago was later defeated at Guadalajara.  The rebel army was
captured on its way through the mountains.  All were courtmartialed and
shot, except Hildago, because he was a priest.  He was handed over to
the bishop of Durango who excommunicated him and returned him to the
army where he was then executed."


Women are just like men, only different.


There are strange things done in the midnight sun
	By the men who moil for gold;
The Arctic trails have their secret tales
	That would make your blood run cold;
The Northern Lights have seen queer sights,
	But the queerest they ever did see
Was that night on the marge of Lake Lebarge
	I cremated Sam McGee.
		-- Robert W. Service


You are transported to a room where you are faced by a wizard who
points to you and says, "Them's fighting words!"  You immediately get
attacked by all sorts of denizens of the museum: there is a cobra
chewing on your leg, a troglodyte is bashing your brains out with a
gold nugget, a crocodile is removing large chunks of flesh from you, a
rhinoceros is goring you with his horn, a sabre-tooth cat is busy
trying to disembowel you, you are being trampled by a large mammoth, a
vampire is sucking you dry, a Tyrannosaurus Rex is sinking his six inch
long fangs into various parts of your anatomy, a large bear is
dismembering your body, a gargoyle is bouncing up and down on your
head, a burly troll is tearing you limb from limb, several dire wolves
are making mince meat out of your torso, and the wizard is about to
transport you to the corner of Westwood and Broxton.  Oh dear, you seem
to have gotten yourself killed, as well.

You scored 0 out of 250 possible points.
That gives you a ranking of junior beginning adventurer.
To achieve the next higher rating, you need to score 32 more points.


Of course power tools and alcohol don't mix.  Everyone knows power
tools aren't soluble in alcohol...
		-- Crazy Nigel


Radioactive cats have 18 half-lives.


Paul's Law:
	In America, it's not how much an item costs, it's how much you
	save.


A mouse is an elephant built by the Japanese.


In regards to Oral Roberts' claim that God told him that he would die unless
he received $20 million by March, God's lawyers have stated that their client
has not spoken with Roberts for several years.  Off the record, God has stated
that "If I had wanted to ice the little toad, I would have done it a long time
ago."
		-- Dennis Miller, SNL News


I like myself, but I won't say I'm as handsome as the bull
that kidnaped Europa.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero


Sorry.  Nice try.


Portable, adj.:
	Survives system reboot.


Q:	What regular expression do you often see around Christmas?
A:	[^L]


Plagiarize, plagiarize,
Let no man's work evade your eyes,
Remember why the good Lord made your eyes,
Don't shade your eyes,
But plagiarize, plagiarize, plagiarize.
Only be sure to call it research.
		-- Tom Lehrer


The primary function of the design engineer is to make things
difficult for the fabricator and impossible for the serviceman.


You are fighting for survival in your own sweet and gentle way.


Spirtle, n.:
	The fine stream from a grapefruit that always lands right in
	your eye.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Never trust an operating system.


We the unwilling, led by the ungrateful, are doing the impossible.
We've done so much, for so long, with so little,
that we are now qualified to do something with nothing.


WORK:
	The blessed respite from screaming kids and
	soap operas for which you actually get paid.


Seems like this guy is hitting up on a woman in a bar.  After assiduously
pursuing her for several minutes, she leans forward and tells him that he's
a nice guy and all that, but, well, that she's a lesbian.  Confused, he asks
her what that means.
	"Well," she replies, "you see that woman at the corner table?"
	"Yeah..."
	"I'd like to walk over to her, and unbottom her blouse."
	"Yeah..."
	"And then I'd like to kiss her and suck on her nipples... and
then I'd like to take off her skirt... and run my hand over her thighs..."
	"Right!  Right!" interrupts the guy.  "I think I'm a lesbian too!"


Well I looked at my watch and it said a quarter to five,
The headline screamed that I was still alive,
I couldn't understand it, I thought I died last night.
I dreamed I'd been in a border town,
In a little cantina that the boys had found,
I was desperate to dance, just to dig the local sounds.
When along came a senorita,
She looked so good that I had to meet her,
I was ready to approach her with my English charm,
When her brass knuckled boyfriend grabbed me by the arm,
And he said, grow some funk of your own, amigo,
Grow some funk of your own.
We no like to with the gringo fight,
But there might be a death in Mexico tonite.
...
Take my advice, take the next flight,
And grow some funk, grow your funk at home.
		-- Elton John, "Grow Some Funk of Your Own"


Some people need a good imaginary cure
for their painful imaginary ailment.


The King plugged the Queen's ass with mustard
To make her fuck hot, but got flustered,
	And cried, "Oh, my dear,
	I am coming, I fear,
But the mustard will make you come `plus tard'."


The police were investigating the mysterious death of a prominent businessman
who had jumped from a window of his 11th story office.  His voluptuous private
secretary could offer no explanation for the action but said that her boss had
been acting peculiarly ever since she started working for him a month ago.
	"After my very first week on the job," she said, "I received a
twenty-dollar raise.  At the end of the second week he called me into his
private office, gave me a lovely black nightie, five pairs of nylon stockings
and said, 'These are for a beautiful, efficient secretary.'  At the end of the
third week he gave me a gorgeous mink stole.  Then, this afternoon, he called me
into his private office again, presented me with this fabulous diamond bracelet
and asked me if I would consider making love to him and what it would cost.
I told him I would, and because he had been so nice to me, he could have it
for five dollars, although I was charging all the other boys in the office ten
dollars.  That's when he jumped out the window."


A distraught patient phoned her doctor's office.  "Was it true," the woman
inquired, "that the medication the doctor had prescribed was for the rest
of her life?"
	She was told that it was.  There was just a moment of silence before
the woman proceeded bravely on.  "Well, I'm wondering, then, how serious my
condition is.  This prescription is marked `NO REFILLS'".


Nonsense.  Space is blue and birds fly through it.
		-- Heisenberg


A person who has nothing looks at all there is and wants something.
A person who has something looks at all there is and wants all the rest.


To be intoxicated is to feel sophisticated but not be able to say it.


When I was in school, I cheated on my metaphysics exam:
I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
		-- Woody Allen


Grain grows best in shit.
		-- Ursula K. LeGuin


When a fellow says, "It ain't the money but
the principle of the thing," it's the money.
		-- Kin Hubbard


Whom the gods wish to destroy they first call promising.


Schapiro's Explanation:
	The grass is always greener on the other side --
	but that's because they use more manure.


A University without students is like an ointment without a fly.
		-- Ed Nather, professor of astronomy at UT Austin


Big Toe: The pad of the male big toe applied to the clitoris or the vulva
generally is a magnificent erotic instrument.  The famous gentleman in erotic
prints who is keeping six women occupied is using tongue, penis, both hands,
and both big toes.  Use the toe in mammary or armpit intercourse or any time
you are astride her, or sit facing as she lies or sits.  Make sure the nail
isn't sharp.  In a restaurant, in these days of tights one can surreptitiously
remove a shoe and sock, reach over, and keep her in almost continuous orgasm
with all four hands fully in view on the table top and no sign of contact--
A party trick which really rates as advanced sex.  She has less scope, but
can learn to masturbate him with her two big toes.  The toes are definitely
erogenic areas, and can be kissed, sucked, tickled, or tied with stimulating
results.
		-- The Joy of Sex
		[Avoid armpit intercourse when razor stubble is present. Ed.]


From the Pointless Comparison Collection:

	To give you an idea of how sensitive these antennas are,
	if we were to "listen" to one spacecraft in the outer solar
	system by Jupiter or Saturn for 1 billion years and add up
	all the signal we collected, it would be enough power to
	set off the flash bulb on your camera once.

		-- Peter Doms, manager of the Deep Space Network
		   systems program at JPL


If practice makes perfect, and nobody's perfect, why practice?


Living in Hollywood is like living in a bowl of granola.  What ain't
fruits and nuts is flakes.


If only is was as easy to banish hunger by rubbing the belly as it is to
masturbate.
		-- Diogenes the Cynic


A castaway was washed ashore after many days on the open sea.  The island
on which he landed was populated by savage cannibals who tied him, dazed
and exhausted, to a thick stake.  They then proceeded to cut his arms
with their spears and drink his blood.  This continued for several days
until the castaway could stand no more.  He yelled for the cannibal chief
and declared, "You can kill me if you want to, but this torture with the
spears has got to stop.  Dammit, I'm tired of getting stuck for the drinks."


The herd instinct among economists
makes sheep look like independent thinkers.


All the world's a VAX,
And all the coders merely butchers;
They have their exits and their entrails;
And one int in his time plays many widths,
His sizeof being _N bytes.  At first the infant,
Mewling and puking in the Regent's arms.
And then the whining schoolboy, with his Sun,
And shining morning face, creeping like slug
Unwillingly to school.
		-- A Very Annoyed PDP-11


Silence can be the biggest lie of all.  We have a responsibility to speak
up; and whenever the occasion calls for it, we have a responsibility to
raise bloody hell.
		-- Herbert Block


I am convinced that the truest act of courage is to sacrifice ourselves
for others in a totally nonviolent struggle for justice.  To be a man
is to suffer for others.
		-- Cesar Chavez


A virgin is chaste.


Nowlan's Theory:
	He who hesitates is not only lost, but several miles from
	the next freeway exit.


Heisenberg may have been here.


Q:	Why don't blondes eat pickles?
A:	Because they get their head stuck in the jars.

Q:	Why do blondes wear underwear?
A:	To keep their ankles warm.

Q:	How do you kill a blonde?
A:	Put spikes in her shoulder pads.


`Just the place for a Snark!' the Bellman cried,
	As he landed his crew with care;
Supporting each man on the top of the tide
	By a finger entwined in his hair.

`Just the place for a Snark!  I have said it twice:
	That alone should encourage the crew.
Just the place for a Snark!  I have said it thrice:
	What I tell you three times is true.'
		-- Lewis Carroll, "The Hunting of the Snark"


I have found it impossible to carry the heavy burden of responsibility and
to discharge my duties as king as I would wish to do without the help and
support of the woman I love.
		-- Edward, Duke of Windsor, announcing his abdication
		   of the British throne in order to marry the American
		   divorcee Wallis Warfield Simpson. (1936)


Morris had been down on his luck for months, and, though not a devoutly
religious man, had begun to visit the local synagogue to ask God's help.
One week, out of desperation, he prayed, "God, I've been a good and decent
man all my life.  Would it be so terrible if You let me win the lottery
just once?"
	The despondent fellow returned week after week.  One day, Morris,
nearly hopeless now, prayed, "God, I've never asked You for anything before.
I just want to win one little lottery."
	"As he dejectedly rose to leave, God's voice boomed, "Morris, at
least meet Me halfway on this.  Buy a ticket!"


Cats are intended to teach us that not everything in nature has a function.
		-- Garrison Keillor


No spitting on the Bus!
Thank you, The Management.


	"I believe you have the wrong number," said the old gentleman into
the phone.  "You'll have to call the weather bureau for that information."
	"Who was that?" his young wife asked.
	"Some guy wanting to know if the coast was clear."


17th Rule of Friendship:

A friend will refrain from telling you he picked up the same amount
of life insurance coverage you did for half the price when yours is
noncancellable.
		-- Esquire, May 1977


Don't know what time I'll be back, Mom.
Probably soon after she throws me out.


I'd never cry if I did find
	A blue whale in my soup...
Nor would I mind a porcupine
	Inside a chicken coop.
Yes life is fine when things combine,
	Like ham in beef chow mein...
But lord, this time I think I mind,
	They've put acid in my rain.
		-- Milo Bloom


IBM's original motto:
	Cogito ergo vendo; vendo ergo sum.


Multics is security spelled sideways.


Misfortune, n.:
	The kind of fortune that never misses.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The voluptuous blond was chatting with her handsome escort in a posh
restaurant when their waiter, stumbling as he brought their drinks,
dumped a martini on the rocks down the back of the blonde's dress.  She
sprang to her feet with a wild rebel yell, dashed wildly around the table,
then galloped wriggling from the room followed by her distraught boyfriend.
A man seated on the other side of the room with a date of his own beckoned
to the waiter and said, "We'll have two of whatever she was drinking."


Watership Down:
You've read the book.  You've seen the movie.  Now eat the stew!


Computers will not be perfected until they can compute how much more
than the estimate the job will cost.


Be braver -- you can't cross a chasm in two small jumps.


She never liked zippers, she said,
Until she opened one in bed.


Don't say "yes" until I finish talking.
		-- Darryl F. Zanuck


Authors are easy to get on with -- if you're fond of children.
		-- Michael Joseph, "Observer"


What the scientists have in their briefcases is terrifying.
		-- Nikita Khruschev


If you have seen one city slum you have seen them all.
		-- Spiro Agnew


Bondage maybe, discipline never!
		-- T. K.


It is difficult to soar with the eagles when you work with turkeys.


Preserve the old, but know the new.


This fortune intentionally says nothing.


I'm often asked the question, "Do you think there is extraterrestrial intelli-
gence?"  I give the standard arguments -- there are a lot of places out there,
and use the word *billions*, and so on.  And then I say it would be astonishing
to me if there weren't extraterrestrial intelligence, but of course there is as
yet no compelling evidence for it.  And then I'm asked, "Yeah, but what do you
really think?"  I say, "I just told you what I really think."  "Yeah, but
what's your gut feeling?"  But I try not to think with my gut.  Really, it's
okay to reserve judgment until the evidence is in.
		-- Carl Sagan


In a recent survey on why some men are homosexual, 82 percent of the gay
chaps responding said that either genetics or home environment was the
principal factor.  The remaining 18 percent revealed that they had been
sucked into it.


Ya know, Quaker Oats make you feel good twice!


Rule the Empire through force.
		-- Shogun Tokugawa


A help wanted add for a photo journalist asked the rhetorical question:

If you found yourself in a situation where you could either save
a drowning man, or you could take a Pulitzer prize winning
photograph of him drowning, what shutter speed and setting would
you use?

		-- Paul Harvey


[The French Riviera is] a sunny place for shady people.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham


QOTD:
	"You might as well say "yes", the sheets are messy already."


		My Favorite Drugs [Sung to My Favorite Things]
Reefers and roach clips and papers and rollers
Cocaine and procaine for twenty year molars
Reds and peyote to work out your bugs
These are a few of my favorite drugs.

Uppers and downers and methedrine freakout
Take some amphetamines, watch your brains leak out
Acid and mescaline pull out your plugs
These are a few of my favorite drugs.

Backs that are perfect for carrying monkeys
Users of heroin, often called junkies
Methadone helps then to stop being thugs
Takes them off one of my favorite drugs.

	On a bad trip
	When the cops come
	When I lose my head
	I simply take more of my favorite drugs
	And then I'm not sad -- I'm dead!


It is easier to be a "humanitarian" than to render your own country its
proper due; it is easier to be a "patriot" than to make your community a
better place to live in; it is easier to be a "civic leader" than to treat
your own family with loving understanding; for the smaller the focus of
attention, the harder the task.
		-- Sydney J. Harris


Sendmail may be safely run set-user-id to root.
		-- Eric Allman, "Sendmail Installation Guide"


The optimum committee has no members.
		-- Norman Augustine


Lawyer's Rule:
	When the law is against you, argue the facts.
	When the facts are against you, argue the law.
	When both are against you, call the other lawyer names.


The glances over cocktails
That seemed to be so sweet
Don't seem quite so amorous
Over Shredded Wheat


Three rules for sounding like an expert:
	1. Oversimplify your explanations to the point of uselessness.
	2. Always point out second-order effects,
	   but never point out when they can be ignored.
	3. Come up with three rules of your own.


What causes the mysterious death of everyone?


The mosquito exists to keep the mighty humble.


A person is just about as big as the things that make him angry.


Have you seen the latest Japanese camera?  Apparently it is so fast it can
photograph an American with his mouth shut!


Your business will assume vast proportions.


		What I Did During My Fall Semester
On the first day of my fall semester, I got up.
Then I went to the library to find a thesis topic.
Then I hung out in front of the Dover.

On the second day of my fall semester, I got up.
Then I went to the library to find a thesis topic.
Then I hung out in front of the Dover.

On the third day of my fall semester, I got up.
Then I went to the library to find a thesis topic.
I found a thesis topic:
	How to keep people from hanging out in front of the Dover.
		-- Sister Mary Elephant,
		   "Student Statement for Black Friday"


1. The sport of choice for the low skill level employees is: BASKETBALL.
2. The sport of choice for maintenance level employees is: BOWLING.
3. The sport of choice for front-line workers is: FOOTBALL.
4. The sport of choice for supervisors is: BASEBALL.
5. The sport of choice for middle management is: TENNIS.
6. The sport of choice for corporate officers is: GOLF.

AMAZING CONCLUSION: The higher you are in the corporate structure, the smaller
your balls.


	The General disliked trying to explain the highly technical
inner workings of the U.S. Air Force.
	"$7,662 for a ten cup coffee maker, General?" the Senator asked.
	In his head he ran through his standard explanations.  "It's not so,"
he thought.  "It's a deterrent."  Soon he came up with, "It's computerized,
Senator.  Tiny computer chips make coffee that's smooth and full-bodied.  Try
a cup."
	The Senator did.  "Pfffttt!  Tastes like jet fuel!"
	"It's not so," the General thought.  "It's a deterrent."
	Then he remembered something.  "We bought a lot of untested computer
chips," the General answered.  "They got into everything.  Just a little
mix-up.  Nothing serious."
	Then he remembered something else.  It was at the site of the
mysterious B-1 crash.  A strange smell in the fuel lines.  It smelled like
coffee.  Smooth and full bodied...
		-- Another Episode of General's Hospital


You have to be a bastard to make it, and that's a fact.  And the Beatles
are the biggest bastards on earth.
		-- John Lennon


Like corn in a field I cut you down,
I threw the last punch way too hard,
After years of going steady, well, I thought it was time,
To throw in my hand for a new set of cards.
And I can't take you dancing out on the weekend,
I figured we'd painted too much of this town,
And I tried not to look as I walked to my wagon,
And I knew then I had lost what should have been found,
I knew then I had lost what should have been found.
	And I feel like a bullet in the gun of Robert Ford
	I'm as low as a paid assassin is
	You know I'm cold as a hired sword.
	I'm so ashamed we can't patch it up,
	You know I can't think straight no more
	You make me feel like a bullet, honey,
		a bullet in the gun of Robert Ford.
		-- Elton John "I Feel Like a Bullet"


I never cheated an honest man, only rascals.  They wanted
something for nothing.  I gave them nothing for something.
		-- Joseph "Yellow Kid" Weil


Let me put it this way: today is going to be a learning experience.


Toilet Toupee, n.:
	Any shag carpet that causes the lid to become top-heavy, thus
	creating endless annoyance to male users.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


The end of the human race will be that it will eventually die of
civilization.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


In order to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the
universe.
		-- Carl Sagan, Cosmos


Successful cunnilingus, n.:
	When you wake up the next morning with a face like a
	frosted doughnut.


Programmers do it bit by bit.


Jane and I got mixed up with a television show -- or as we call it back
east here: TV -- a clever contraction derived from the words Terrible
Vaudeville. However, it is our latest medium -- we call it a medium
because nothing's well done. It was discovered, I suppose you've heard,
by a man named Fulton Berle, and it has already revolutionized social
grace by cutting down parlour conversation to two sentences: "What's on
television?" and "Good night".
		-- Goodman Ace, letter to Groucho Marx, in The Groucho
		   Letters, 1967


The man and woman make love, attain climax, fall separate.  Then she
whispers, "I'll tell you who I was thinking of if you tell me who you
were thinking of."  Like most sex jokes the origins of the pleasant
exchange are obscure.  But whatever the source, it seldom fails to evoke
a certain awful recognition.
		-- Gore Vidal, "New York Review of Books"


Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not
tried it.
		-- Donald E. Knuth


Erogenous zone, n.:
	The skin you touch to love.


Latin is a language,
As dead as can be.
First it killed the Romans,
And now it's killing me.


Back when I was a boy, it was 40 miles to everywhere,
uphill both ways and it was always snowing.


If wishes were horses, then beggars would be thieves.


There is in certain living souls
A quality of loneliness unspeakable,
So great it must be shared
As company is shared by lesser beings.
Such a loneliness is mine; so know by this
That in immensity
There is one lonelier than you.


