SCORPIO (Oct.24 - Nov.21)
	You will receive word today that you are eligible to win a million
	dollars in prizes.  It will be from a magazine trying to get you to
	subscribe, and you're just dumb enough to think you've got a chance
	to win.  You never learn.


I used to have a drinking problem.
Now I love the stuff.


Nietzsche is pietzsche, Goethe is murder.


You will be winged by an anti-aircraft battery.


All syllogisms have three parts, therefore this is not a syllogism.


When asked the definition of "pi":
The Mathematician:
	Pi is the number expressing the relationship between the
	circumference of a circle and its diameter.
The Physicist:
	Pi is 3.1415927, plus or minus 0.000000005.
The Engineer:
	Pi is about 3.


Girls are better looking in snowstorms.
		-- Archie Goodwin


Eat as much as you like -- just don't swallow it.
		-- Harry Secombe's diet


Art is a jealous mistress.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Real wealth can only increase.
		-- R. Buckminster Fuller


Mythology, n.:
	The body of a primitive people's beliefs, concerning its origin,
	early history, heroes, deities and so forth, as distinguished
	from the true accounts which it invents later.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Don't abandon hope: your Tom Mix decoder ring arrives tomorrow.


Remember -- only 10% of anything can be in the top 10%.


The true way goes over a rope which is not stretched at any great
height but just above the ground.  It seems more designed to make
people stumble than to be walked upon.
		-- Franz Kafka


[Washington, D.C.] is the home of... taste for
the people -- the big, the bland and the banal.
		-- Ada Louise Huxtable


Elegance and truth are inversely related.
		-- Becker's Razor


A continuing flow of paper is sufficient to continue the flow of paper.
		-- Dyer


The Stealth Condom -- they'll never see you coming.


Hear about...
	the fellow who chased his girlfriend up a tree and kissed
	her between the limbs?


He boil my first cabbage, make it awfully hot,
But when he put in the bacon, oooh, you know it overflow the pot.
		-- Bessie Smith, "Empty Bed Blues"


Mr. Rockford; Miss Collins from the Bureau of Licenses.  We got your
renewal before the extended deadline but not your check.  I'm sorry but
at midnight you're no longer licensed as an investigator.


When you dial a wrong number you never get a busy signal.


Never give an inch!


A hard man is good to find.


They told me you had proven it		When they discovered our results
About a month before.			Their hair began to curl
The proof was valid, more or less	Instead of understanding it
But rather less than more.		We'd run the thing through PRL.

He sent them word that we would try	Don't tell a soul about all this
To pass where they had failed		For it must ever be
And after we were done, to them		A secret, kept from all the rest
The new proof would be mailed.		Between yourself and me.

My notion was to start again
Ignoring all they'd done
We quickly turned it into code
To see if it would run.


[Washington, D.C.] is the home of... taste for
the people -- the big, the bland and the banal.
		-- Ada Louise Huxtable


HE:	Let's end it all, bequeathin' our brains to science.
SHE:	What?!?  Science got enough trouble with their OWN brains.
		-- Walt Kelley


Distance doesn't make you any smaller,
but it does make you part of a larger picture.


Laughter is the closest distance between two people.
		-- Victor Borge


		NEW ADDITION TO THE LIBRARY:
"Sally", the department's new inflatable doll, is available on a
short-term removal basis only -- please sign her out and return her
promptly to avoid extended waits.  (We are still awaiting shipment of
our "Big John" doll.)


Spock: We suffered 23 casualties in that attack, Captain.


I remember when legal used to mean lawful, now it means some
kind of loophole.
		-- Leo Kessler


One evening a guru had coitus
With an actress, a whore and a poetess.
	When asked what position
	He used for coition,
He answered serenely, "the lotus."


I know you believe you understand what you think this fortune says,
but I'm not sure you realize that what you are reading is not what
it means.


I didn't know it was impossible when I did it.


A chiseler is a man who goes stag to a wife-swapping party.


Men aren't attracted to me by my mind.
They're attracted by what I don't mind...
		-- Gypsy Rose Lee


We don't understand the software, and sometimes we don't
understand the hardware, but we can *see* the blinking lights!


QOTD:
	"I've always wanted to work in the Federal Mint.  And then go on
	strike.  To make less money."


Baruch's Observation:
	If all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.


The last thing one knows in constructing a work is what to put first.
		-- Blaise Pascal


BLISS is ignorance.


Q:	How much money do you give to a 900 foot Jesus?
A:	As much as he wants.


Ten of the meanest cons in the state pen met in the corner of the yard to
shoot some craps.  The stakes were enormous, the tension palpable.
	When his turn came to shoot, Dutsky nervously plunked down his
entire wad, shook the dice and rolled.  A smile crossed his face as a
seven showed up, but it quickly changed to horror as third die slipped out
of his sleeve and fell to the ground with the two others.  No one said a
word.  Finally, Killer Lucci picked up the third die, put it in his pocket
and handed the others to Dutsky.
	"Roll 'em," Lucci said.  "Your point is thirteen."


The British are coming!  The British are coming!


Two friends were out drinking when suddenly one lurched backward off his
barstool and lay motionless on the floor.
	"One thing about Jim," the other said to the bartender, "he sure
knows when to stop."


Mary had a little lamb,
boy was the doctor surprised!


A yawn is a silent shout.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


If you cannot convince them, confuse them.
		-- Harry S. Truman


When I sell liquor, it's called bootlegging; when my patrons serve
it on silver trays on Lake Shore Drive, it's called hospitality.
		-- Al Capone


... If forced to travel on an airplane, try and get in the cabin with
the Captain, so you can keep an eye on him and nudge him if he falls
asleep or point out any mountains looming up ahead ...
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Paster Crosstalk:	What items are specifically mentioned by GOD as being
	unclean?  Now did you know... preying birds... praying mantises...
	All birds of prey, all carrion eaters, fish eaters -- no good, can't
	eat those.  Nothing that does not have both fins and scales.  Most
	CREEPING things...
Alvarado:	How 'bout caterpillars?
P:	A caterpillar doesn't have a backbone.  Nothing without a backbone
	can get in.
A:	How do you know?  You char a caterpillar, it gets real stiff!
P:	Well, I don't think that the Lord meant us to eat CHARRED
	CATERPILLARS!
[...]
P:	The hog, the squirrel... little squirrels.  Who would want to eat
	a LITTLE SQUIRREL?
A:	If you're starving.  If you're starving in the park one day.
P:	You'd probably just CHAR 'em to get 'em stiff, wouldn't ya?
A:	No, you SINGE 'em.  You SINGE 'em and eat 'em.  *I* read about the
	Donner Pass, I know what man does when he's hungry.
P:	Squirrels eating squirrels -- my GOD, that's sick!
A:	That's sick, SURE.  But a MAN eating a squirrel -- that's (heh, heh)
	par for the course, Charlie.
		-- The Firesign Theatre


This fortune is dedicated to your mother, without whose
invaluable assistance last night would never have been possible.


Kath: Can he be present at the birth of his child?
Ed: It's all any reasonable child can expect if the dad is present
	at the conception.
		-- Joe Orton, "Entertaining Mr. Sloane"


New book out from Gary Hart; "Six Inches from the White House".


Nature makes boys and girls lovely to look upon so they can be
tolerated until they acquire some sense.
		-- William Phelps


A man's gotta know his limitations.
		-- Clint Eastwood, "Dirty Harry"


The two most common things in the Universe are hydrogen and stupidity.
		-- Harlan Ellison


Join the Navy; sail to far-off exotic lands,
meet exciting interesting people, and kill them.


The goal of science is to build better mousetraps.
The goal of nature is to build better mice.


To be a kind of moral Unix, he touched the hem of Nature's shift.
		-- Shelley


Life is cheap, but the accessories can kill you.


Cthulhu Cthucks!


Be careful what you set your heart on -- for it will surely be yours.
		-- James Baldwin, "Nobody Knows My Name"


The concept seems to be clear by now.  It has been
defined several times by examples of what it is not.


Accuracy, n.:
	The vice of being right.


What the deuce is it to me?  You say that we go around the sun.  If we went
around the moon it would not make a pennyworth of difference to me or my work.
		-- Sherlock Holmes, "A Study in Scarlet"


I can hire one half of the working class to kill the other half.
		-- Jay Gould


Tell a man there are 300 billion stars in the universe and he'll
believe you.  Tell him a bench has wet paint on it and he'll have
to touch to be sure.


Never insult an alligator until you've crossed the river.


Two recent emigrants to the United States, on their first day off the boat
in New York City, spied a hotdog vendor.  "Do they eat dogs in America?"
one asked his companion.
	"I don't know."
	"Well, if we're going to live in America, we have to learn to eat
American foods."
	So they each bought a wax paper wrapped hotdog and sat down to eat
them on a nearby park bench.  One man looked inside his wax paper, then over
at the other man, and asked, "So, what part did you get?"


To be great is to be misunderstood.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Queensboro president Donald Mannis, charged with receiving bribes in
exchange for city contracts, resigned on Tuesday.  Mannis feels he must
devote more time to impending litigation, some of which might emanate
from a recent statement he made comparing New York Mayor Ed Koch to
Nazi Martin Bormann.  A spokesman from the Bormann estate said they are
weighing the odds of a slander suit.  Mayor Koch could naturally be
reached for comment, but we chose not to listen.
		-- Dennis Miller, "Saturday Night Live"


I hold it, that a little rebellion, now and then, is a good thing...
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Sex and mathematics have one thing in common.
You can do each while thinking about the other.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(19) Regardless of the pain in our memories, nostalgia only reminds us
     of the good times in our past.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


It's gonna be alright,
It's almost midnight,
And I've got two more bottles of wine.


Sum quod eris.


If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite
you.  This is the principal difference between a dog and a man.
		-- Mark Twain


Money cannot buy
The fuel of love
but is excellent kindling.

To the man-in-the-street, who, I'm sorry to say,
Is a keen observer of life,
The word intellectual suggests right away
A man who's untrue to his wife.
		-- W. H. Auden, "Collected Shorter Poems"


So, how's your love life?
Still holding your own?


Whom computers would destroy, they must first drive insane.


The Junior God now heads the roll
In the list of heaven's peers;
He sits in the House of High Control,
And he regulates the spheres.
Yet does he wonder, do you suppose,
If, even in gods divine,
The best and wisest may not be those
Who have wallowed awhile with the swine?
		-- R. W. Service


Female rabbits:
	The gift that just "keeps on giving."


Your picture of the world often changes just before you get it into focus.


And... What in the world ever became of Sweet Jane?
	She's lost her sparkle, you see she isn't the same.
	Livin' on reds, vitamin C, and cocaine
	All a friend can say is "Ain't it a shame?"
		-- The Grateful Dead


Main's Law:
	For every action there is an equal and opposite government program.


