The fellow sat down at a bar, ordered a drink and asked the bartender if he
wanted to hear a dumb-jock joke.
	"Hey, buddy," the bartender replied, "you see those two guys next to
you?  They used to be with the Chicago Bears.  The two dudes behind you made
the U.S. Olympic wrestling team.  And for you information, I used to play
center at Notre Dame."
	"Forget it," the customer said.  "I don't want to explain it five
times."


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#17

Shoes:
	 The average man has 4 pairs of footwear: running shoes, dress shoes,
boots, and slippers.  The average woman has shoes 4 layers thick on the floor
of her closet.  Most of them hurt her feet.

Making friends:
	 A woman will meet another woman with common interests, do a few things
together, and say something like, "I hope we can be good friends."
	A man will meet another man with common interests, do a few things
together, and say nothing.  After years of interacting with this other man,
sharing hopes and fears that he wouldn't confide in his priest or
psychiatrist, he'll finally let down his guard in a fit of drunken
sentimentality and say something like, "You know, for someone who's such a
jerk, I guess you're OK."


A Fortran compiler is the hobgoblin of little minis.


Paranoids are people, too; they have their own problems.  It's easy
to criticize, but if everybody hated you, you'd be paranoid too.
		-- D. J. Hicks


Money and women are the most sought after and the least known of any two
things we have.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


Phasers locked on target, Captain.


	Looking for a cool one after a long, dusty ride, the drifter strode
into the saloon.  As he made his way through the crowd to the bar, a man
galloped through town screaming, "Big Mike's comin'!  Run fer yer lives!"
	Suddenly, the saloon doors burst open.  An enormous man, standing over
eight feet tall and weighing an easy 400 pounds, rode in on a bull, using a
rattlesnake for a whip.  Grabbing the drifter by the arm and throwing him over
the bar, the giant thundered, "Gimme a drink!"
	The terrified man handed over a bottle of whiskey, which the man
guzzled in one gulp and then smashed on the bar.  He then stood aghast as
the man stuffed the broken bottle in his mouth, munched broken glass and
smacked his lips with relish.
	"Can I, ah, uh, get you another, sir?" the drifter stammered.
	"Naw, I gotta git outta here, boy," the man grunted.  "Big Mike's
a-comin'."


The church saves sinners, but science seeks to stop their manufacture.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


WOLF:
	A man who knows all the ankles.


Alexander Graham Bell is alive and well
in New York, and still waiting for a dial tone.


	"Darling", said the young bride, "tell me what's bothering you.
We promised to share all our joys and sorrows, remember?"
	"But this is different," protested her husband.
	"Together, darling," she insisted, "we will bear the burden.
Now tell me what our problem is."
	"Well," said the husband, "we've just become the father of a
bastard child."


What do you give a man who has everything?  Penicillin.
		-- Jerry Lester


Wedding rings are the world's smallest handcuffs.


Two Russian friends happen to meet in Red Square.  One of them says, "By
the way, did you hear that Romanov died?"
	"No," replied the other, "I didn't even know he'd been arrested!"


It is easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
		-- Leonardo da Vinci


I don't know who my grandfather was; I am much
more concerned to know what his grandson will be.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Erogenous zone, n.:
	The skin you touch to love.


Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature.
		-- Rich Kulawiec


Jim, this is Janelle.  I'm flying tonight, so I can't make our date, and
I gotta find a safe place for Daffy.  He loves you, Jim!  It's only two
days, and you'll see.  Great Danes are no problem!


Men freely believe that what they wish to desire.
		-- Julius Caesar


Although golf was originally restricted to wealthy, overweight
Protestants, today it's open to anybody who owns hideous clothing.
		-- Dave Barry


Hear about...
	the new breakfast cereal called Queerios?  You simply add milk
	and they eat each other.


You had some happiness once,
but your parents moved away, and you had to leave it behind.


Being owned by someone used to be called
slavery -- now it's called commitment.


You will reach the highest possible point in your business or profession.


A hundred years from now it is very likely that [of Twain's works] "The
Jumping Frog" alone will be remembered.
		-- Harry Thurston Peck (Editor of "The Bookman"), January 1901


A great empire, like a great cake, is most easily diminished at the edges.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


When you dial a wrong number you never get a busy signal.


If we spoke a different language, we
would perceive a somewhat different world.
		-- Wittgenstein


An American is a man with two arms and four wheels.
		-- A Chinese child


As the truck driver came flying over the top of a steep hill, he spotted two
figures in his path rolling around in the middle of the road.  The driver blew
his horn and braked frantically, but the couple continued their lovemaking,
oblivious to his warnings.  The truck finally slid to a halt barely three
inches from the pair.  "Are you crazy?" the driver screamed at them.  "You
could have been killed!"
	The man stood up and faced the driver.  "Well, I was coming, she was
coming and you were coming," he panted, "and you were the only one with
brakes."


Spence's Admonition:
	Never stow away on a kamikaze plane.


The more control, the more that requires control.


No problem is so formidable that you can't just walk away from it.
		-- C. Schulz


Thank God I've always avoided persecuting my enemies.
		-- Adolf Hitler


There is one way to find out if a man is honest -- ask him.  If he says
"Yes" you know he is crooked.
		-- Groucho Marx


The sex life of spiders is very interesting.
He fucks her.
She bites his head off.
		-- From a Women's Lib Poster


If you need anything just whistle.
You know how to whistle, don't you, Steve?
Just put your lips together and blow.
		-- Lauren Bacall, "To Have and Have Not"


The soul would have no rainbow had the eyes no tears.


Always the dullness of the fool is the whetstone of the wits.
		-- William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"


With every passing hour our solar system comes forty-three thousand
miles closer to globular cluster M13 in the constellation Hercules,
and still there are some misfits who continue to insist that there
is no such thing as progress.
		-- Ransom K. Ferm


Put your brain in gear before starting your mouth in motion.


Finagle's Second Law:
	No matter what the anticipated result, there will always be
	someone eager to (a) misinterpret it, (b) fake it, or
	(c) believe it happened according to his own pet theory.


The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance.


Listen, there is no courage or any extra courage that I know of to find out
the right thing to do.  Now, it is not only necessary to do the right thing,
but to do it in the right way and the only problem you have is what is the
right thing to do and what is the right way to do it.  That is the problem.
But this economy of ours is not so simple that it obeys to the opinion of
bias or the pronouncements of any particular individual, even to the President.
This is an economy that is made up of 173 million people, and it reflects
their desires, they're ready to buy, they're ready to spend, it is a thing
that is too complex and too big to be affected adversely or advantageously
just by a few words or any particular -- say, a little this and that, or even
a panacea so alleged.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower, in response to: "Has the
		   government been lacking in courage and boldness in
		   facing up to the recession?"


At any given moment, an arrow must be either where it is or where it is
not.  But obviously it cannot be where it is not.  And if it is where
it is, that is equivalent to saying that it is at rest.
		-- Zeno's paradox of the moving (still?) arrow


There are running jobs.
Why don't you go chase them?


I had a virgin once.  I had to go to Guatemala for her.  She was blind
in one eye, and she had a stuffed alligator that said, "Welcome to Miami
Beach."
		-- The Stunt Man


Never give an inch!


The computer is to the information industry roughly what the
central power station is to the electrical industry.
		-- Peter Drucker


In order to get a loan you must first prove you don't need it.


Sally:	C'mon, Ted, all I'm asking you to do is share your feelings
		with me.
Ted:	ALL?  Do you realize what you're asking?  Men aren't trained
		to share.  We're trained to protect ourselves by not
		letting anyone too close.  Good grief, if I go around
		sharing everything with you, you could hang me out to dry.
Sally:	It's called "trust," Ted.
Ted:	"Sharing"?  "Trust"?  You're really asking me to sail into
		uncharted waters here.
		-- Sally Forth


This is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
And now you know why.


If you do not wish a man to do a thing, you had better get him to talk about
it; for the more men talk, the more likely they are to do nothing else.
		-- Carlyle


Working hard around here is like pissing on yourself in a dark suit;
you get a warm feeling but nobody notices.


Government's Law:
	There is an exception to all laws.


How can you think and hit at the same time?
		-- Yogi Berra


Don't get the idea that I'm one of those goddamn radicals.  Don't get the
idea that I'm knocking the American system.
		-- Al Capone


He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"


Purpitation, v.:
	To take something off the grocery shelf, decide you
	don't want it, and then put it in another section.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Ignorance is the Mother of Devotion.
		-- Robert Burton


Sometimes guys'll say to you, "Have a good one."  I say, "I already have
a good one.  Now I'm looking for a longer one."
		-- George Carlin


God wanted to have a holiday, so He asked St. Peter for suggestions on
where to go.
	"Why not go to Jupiter?" asked St. Peter.
	"No, too much gravity, too much stomping around," said God.
	"Well, how about Mercury?"
	"No, it's too hot there."
	"Okay," said St. Peter, "What about Earth?"
	"No," said God, "They're such horrible gossips.  When I was
there 2000 years ago, I had an affair with a Jewish woman, and they're
still talking about it."


I don't get no respect.


What makes you think graduate school
is supposed to be satisfying?
		-- Erica Jong, "Fear of Flying"


He who laughs last -- missed the punch line.


Evolution is as much a fact as the earth turning on its axis and going around
the sun.  At one time this was called the Copernican theory; but, when
evidence for a theory becomes so overwhelming that no informed person can
doubt it, it is customary for scientists to call it a fact.  That all present
life descended from earlier forms, over vast stretches of geologic time, is
as firmly established as Copernican cosmology.  Biologists differ only with
respect to theories about how the process operates.
		-- Martin Gardner, "Irving Kristol and the Facts of Life"


Peter Wemm Murphy Field, n.:
	A field of abnormally frequent and severe Murphy's Law events
emanating from Mr. Peter Wemm.  The field was first discovered and
identified in Denmark during the initial FreeBSD SMP development.
Mr. Wemm was residing in Australia at the time.


COBOL is for morons.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


Don't worry about people stealing your ideas.  If your ideas
are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.
		-- Howard Aiken


What did Snow white say when told she was pregnant?
	"I'd like to thank all the little people who made this possible..."

Presumably this all started that evening when she was feeling Happy...


Reach into the thoughts of friends,
And find they do not know your name.
Squeeze the teddy bear too tight,
And watch the feathers burst the seams.
Touch the stained glass with your cheek,
And feel its chill upon your blood.
Hold a candle to the night,
And see the darkness bend the flame.
Tear the mask of peace from God,
And hear the roar of souls in hell.
Pluck a rose in name of love,
And watch the petals curl and wilt.
Lean upon the western wind,
And know you are alone.
		-- Dru Mims


I reverently believe that the maker who made us all makes everything in New
England, but the weather.  I don't know who makes that, but I think it must be
raw apprentices in the weather-clerks factory who experiment and learn how, in
New England, for board and clothes, and then are promoted to make weather for
countries that require a good article, and will take their custom elsewhere
if they don't get it.
		-- Mark Twain


Good day to avoid cops.  Crawl to work.


Begathon, n.:
	A multi-day event on public television, used to raise money so
you won't have to watch commercials.


Old age and treachery will overcome youth and skill.


... it still remains true that as a set of cognitive beliefs about the
existence of God in any recognizable sense continuous with the great
systems of the past, religious doctrines constitute a speculative
hypothesis of an extremely low order of probability.
		-- Sidney Hook


Freedom begins when you tell Mrs. Grundy to go fly a kite.


Charlie Brown:	Why was I put on this earth?
Linus:		To make others happy.
Charlie Brown:	Why were others put on this earth?


Alright, yes, date, and shop, and hang out, and go to school ... and
save the world from unspeakable demons.  You know, I want to do girlie
stuff.
		-- Buffy, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Faith, Hope & Trick"
		   Season 3, Episode 3


Famous last words:


There is one difference between a tax collector and
a taxidermist -- the taxidermist leaves the hide.
		-- Mortimer Caplan


If a nation expects to be ignorant and free,
... it expects what never was and never will be.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


"You are old," said the youth, "and your jaws are too weak
	For anything tougher than suet;
Yet you finished the goose, with the bones and the beak --
	Pray, how did you manage to do it?"

"In my youth," said his father, "I took to the law,
	And argued each case with my wife;
And the muscular strength which it gave to my jaw,
	Has lasted the rest of my life."
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


I'm sorry I'm late folks, I just got out of jail.  I tried to change my
girlfriend's name.  Yeah, I went down to the hall of records.  I said, "I'd
like to change it... I'd like to change it to... LYING LITTLE BITCH!"
		-- Sam Kinison


Life without caffeine is stimulating enough.
		-- Sanka Ad


African violet:		Such worth is rare
Apple blossom:		Preference
Bachelor's button:	Celibacy
Bay leaf:		I change but in death
Camellia:		Reflected loveliness
Chrysanthemum, red:	I love
Chrysanthemum, white:	Truth
Chrysanthemum, other:	Slighted love
Clover:			Be mine
Crocus:			Abuse not
Daffodil:		Innocence
Forget-me-not:		True love
Fuchsia:		Fast
Gardenia:		Secret, untold love
Honeysuckle:		Bonds of love
Ivy:			Friendship, fidelity, marriage
Jasmine:		Amiability, transports of joy, sensuality
Leaves (dead):		Melancholy
Lilac:			Youthful innocence
Lily:			Purity, sweetness
Lily of the valley:	Return of happiness
Magnolia:		Dignity, perseverance
	* An upside-down blossom reverses the meaning.


It was his third marriage and her fourth.  He was quite surprised when on
their honeymoon she pleaded, "Please be gentle, I'm still a virgin."
	"Darling, what do you mean you're still a virgin?  You've been
married three times."
	"Yes, but they all worked for DEC.  The first was a salesman,
and all he ever did was promise how good it would be.  The second was one
of their software hacks, he told me to take care of it myself.  And the
third was a field service representative, and he kept promising that it
would be up in 15 minutes.


	Sam went to his psychiatrist complaining of a hatred for elephants.
"I can't stand elephants," he explained.  "I lie awake nights despising
them.  The thought of an elephant fills me with loathing."
	"Sam," said the psychiatrist, "there's only one thing for you to do.
Go to Africa, organize a safari, find an elephant in the jungle and shoot it.
That way you'll get it out of your system."
	Sam immediately made arrangements for a safari hunt in Africa,
inviting his best friend to join him.  They arrived in Nairobi and lost no
time getting out on the jungle trails.  After they had been hunting for
several days, Sam's best friend grabbed him by the arm one morning and
yelled at him:
	"Sam, Sam, Sam!  Over there behind that tree there's and elephant!
Sam -- Get your gun -- no, no, not THAT gun -- the rifle with the longer
barrel!  Now aim it!  QUICK!  SAM!  QUICK!  No!  Not that way -- this way!
Be sure you don't jerk the trigger!  Wait SAM!  Don't let him see you!  Aim
at his head!"
	Sam whirled around, took aim, and killed his friend.  He was put in
prison and his psychiatrist flew to Africa to visit him.  "I sent you over
here to kill an elephant and instead you shoot your best friend," the
psychiatrist said.  "Why?"
	"Well," Sam replied, "there's only one thing in the world that I
hate more than elephants and that is a loudmouth know-it-all!"


Once you've seen one nuclear war, you've seen them all.


B4 I4Q, RU/18 QT 3.14


I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.


Life does not begin at the moment of conception or the moment of birth.
It begins when the kids leave home and the dog dies.


State license plates we'd like to see:

	MICHIGAN				CALIFORNIA
       4-GET 74-77				EGO-MN-E-X
EMBARRASSED HOME STATE OF GERALD FORD	THE SERIAL KILLER STATE

	NORTH CAROLINA				NEW JERSEY
	  WL-GOLLY				 ARG GGH
HOME OF GOMER, GOOBER AND JESSE HELMS	   FIRST IN TOXIC WASTE

	  KANSAS				WASHINGTON DC
	  TOTO -2				$10000000 ETC
THE NOT MUCH SINCE THE WIZARD OF OZ	WASTING YOUR MONEY SINCE 1810
	  MOVIE STATE


In charity there is no excess.
		-- Francis Bacon


You do not have mail.


There is Good Information and there is Bad Information and the
Internet is generally pretty neutral about the difference. If you're
a computer, it's all just 0s and 1s.
		-- Joel Achenbach


Vegetables are what food eats.
Fruit are vegetables that fool you by tasting good.
Fish are fast moving vegetables.
Mushrooms are what grows on vegetables when food's done with them.
		-- Meat Eater's Credo, according to Jim Williams


Moebius strippers never show you their back side.


Man who falls in vat of molten optical glass makes spectacle of self.


Programmers get overlaid.


Authors are easy to get on with -- if you're fond of children.
		-- Michael Joseph, "Observer"


She called her parakeet Onan, because he spilled his seed.
		-- Dorothy Parker


For children, a woman.
For pleasure, a boy.
For sheer ecstasy, a melon.


Il y avait une madame de Lahore
Dont la figure n'etait la meilleure,
	Mais la vagine tres forte,
	Toujours ouverte la porte,
Encore, et encore, et encore.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #3

MIRACLE ON 42ND STREET:
	Santa Claus, in the off season, follows his heart's desire and
	tries to make it big on Broadway.  Santa sings and dances his way
	into your heart.


Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
		-- Publilius Syrus


God made everything out of nothing, but the nothingness shows through.
		-- Paul Valery


All laws are simulations of reality.
		-- John C. Lilly


