Logic is a little bird, sitting in a tree; that smells *_a_w_f_u_l*.


Love America - or give it back.


To be intoxicated is to feel sophisticated but not be able to say it.


A man sat down next to another passenger on a train recently and couldn't
help overhearing his conversation out the window with a man standing on
the train platform.
	"Thanks for putting me up while I was here, Sam," said the passenger.
	"Glad to do it," said the other man.
	"Thanks for the food and the drinks -- everything was wonderful."
	"It was a pleasure," said the man.
	"And thank your wife, Sam, she was great," said the passenger,
"she was a truly great lay."
	The man was rather taken aback by this exchange and he later turned
to his fellow passenger and said: "Pardon me sir, but did I understand you
to say that your friend's wife was a great lay?"
	"Well," said the other passenger, "I didn't REALLY enjoy it.  But
Sam is a helluva nice guy."


If practice makes perfect, and nobody's perfect, why practice?


The question is, why are politicians so eager to be president?  What is
it about the job that makes it worth revealing, on national television,
that you have the ethical standards of a slime-coated piece of
industrial waste?
		-- Dave Barry, "On Presidential Politics"


Nouvelle cuisine, n.:
	French for "not enough food".

Continental breakfast, n.:
	English for "not enough food".

Tapas, n.:
	Spanish for "not enough food".

Dim Sum, n.:
	Chinese for more food than you've ever seen in your entire life.


The idle man does not know what it is to enjoy rest.


Every Solidarity center had piles and piles of paper ... everyone was
eating paper and a policeman was at the door.  Now all you have to do is
bend a disk.
		-- A member of the outlawed Polish trade union, Solidarity,
		   commenting on the benefits of using computers in support
		   of their movement.


Hear about...
	the Californian terrorist that tried to blow up a bus?
	Burned his lips on the exhaust pipe.


Air is water with holes in it.


skldfjkljklsR%^&(IXDRTYju187pkasdjbasdfbuil
h;asvgy8p	23r1vyui135	2
kmxsij90TYDFS$$b	jkzxdjkl bjnk ;j	nk;<[][;-==-<<<<<';[,
		[hjioasdvbnuio;buip^&(FTSD$%*VYUI:buio;sdf}[asdf']
				sdoihjfh(_YU*G&F^*CTY98y


Now look what you've gone and done!  You've broken it!


Convention is the ruler of all.
		-- Pindar


A nuclear family is out golfing one day, when it becomes clear that Dad isn't
going to win any trophies, at least on this course.  On the 3rd hole, after
two miserable bogies, he misses a two foot putt and exclaims, "Shit!"
	His wife glances over at their sixteen year old daughter and says
nothing.
	On the fourth hole Dad tees off with an incredible hook, and, after
the inevitable exclamation, his wife reproves him with "Honey!"
	This continues on, with his golfing getting worse and his wife getting
more and more upset about his language.  Finally, on the 17th hole, he again
misses a very easy putt.  Flinging his club down, he curses the hole, the
club, and the sunset, using the word "fuck" for the first time.  His wife
whirls around and cries, "Honey!  Our daughter is standing right next to you!"
	Feeling remorseful, but somewhat defensive, he turns to the
daughter and says, "Well, Cindy, you've heard that word before, haven't
you?"
	"Yes," the daughter replies, "but never in anger."


We cannot put the face of a person on a stamp unless said person is
deceased.  My suggestion, therefore, is that you drop dead.
		-- James E. Day, Postmaster General


The sex act is the funniest thing on the face of this earth.
		-- Diana Rigg


I can see him a'comin'
With his big boots on,
With his big thumb out,
He wants to get me.
He wants to hurt me.
He wants to bring me down.
But some time later,
When I feel a little straighter,
I'll come across a stranger
Who'll remind me of the danger,
And then.... I'll run him over.
Pretty smart on my part!
To find my way... In the dark!
		-- Phil Ochs


First Rule of History:
	History doesn't repeat itself --
	historians merely repeat each other.


Nice computers don't go down.


My life is a soap opera, but who has the rights?
		-- MadameX


Hardly a pure science, history is closer to animal husbandry than it is
to mathematics, in that it involves selective breeding.  The principal
difference between the husbandryman and the historian is that the
former breeds sheep or cows or such, and the latter breeds (assumed)
facts.  The husbandryman uses his skills to enrich the future; the
historian uses his to enrich the past.  Both are usually up to their
ankles in bullshit.
		-- Tom Robbins


Smoking is, as far as I'm concerned, the entire point of being an adult.
		-- Fran Lebowitz


Continental breakfast, n.:
	A roll in bed with some honey.


Cat, n.:
	Lapwarmer with built-in buzzer.


The surest way to remain a winner is to
win once, and then not play any more.


How many "coming men" has one known!  Where on earth do they all go to?
		-- Sir Arthur Wing Pinero


Virtue is its own punishment.
		-- Denniston

Righteous people terrify me ... virtue is its own punishment.
		-- Aneurin Bevan


ALGORITHM:
	Trendy dance for hip programmers.


My band career ended late in my senior year when John Cooper and I
threw my amplifier out the dormitory window.  We did not act in haste.
First we checked to make sure the amplifier would fit through the
frame, using the belt from my bathrobe to measure, then we picked up
the amplifier and backed up to my bedroom door.  Then we rushed
forward, shouting "The WHO!  The WHO!" and we launched my amplifier
perfectly, as though we had been doing it all our lives, clean through
the window and down onto the sidewalk, where a small but appreciative
crowd had gathered.  I would like to be able to say that this was a
symbolic act, an effort on my part to break cleanly away from one state
in my life and move on to another, but the truth is, Cooper and I
really just wanted to find out what it would sound like.  It sounded
OK.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Snake"


Absence in love is like water upon fire;
a little quickens, but much extinguishes it.
		-- Hannah More


Never ask the barber if you need a haircut.


You're reasoning is excellent -- it's
only your basic assumptions that are wrong.


Detroit is Cleveland without the glitter.


An alcoholic is someone you don't like who drinks as much as you do.
		-- Dylan Thomas


Nondeterminism means never having to say you are wrong.


I would have promised those terrorists a trip to Disneyland if it would have
gotten the hostages released.  I thank God they were satisfied with the
missiles and we didn't have to go to that extreme.
		-- Oliver North


So, if there's no God, who changes the water?
		-- New Yorker cartoon of two goldfish in a bowl


All newspaper editorial writers ever do is come down from
the hills after the battle is over and shoot the wounded.


I put up my thumb... and it blotted out the planet Earth.
		-- Neil Armstrong


Have a nice diurnal anomaly.


Batteries not included.


FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #8

	Don't wear your high heels while making love on the pool table.


Do you mean that you not only want a wrong
answer, but a certain wrong answer?
		-- Tobaben


When a Banker jumps out of a window,
jump after him -- that's where the money is.
		-- Robespierre


I think sex is better than logic, but I can't prove it.


What's a cult?  It just means not enough people to make a minority.
		-- Robert Altman


See, these two penguins walked into a bar, which was really stupid, 'cause
the second one should have seen it.


Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.


I'm still waiting for the advent of the computer science groupie.


The lights are on,
but you're not home;
Your will
is not your own;
Your heart sweats,
Your teeth grind;
Another kiss
and you'll be mine...

You like to think that you're immune to the stuff
(Oh Yeah!)
It's closer to the truth to say you can't get enough;
You know you're gonna have to face it,
You're addicted to love!"
		-- Robert Palmer


Mixed emotions:
	Watching a bus-load of lawyers plunge off a cliff.
	With five empty seats.


Welcome thy neighbor into thy fallout shelter.
He'll come in handy if you run out of food.
		-- Dean McLaughlin


Don't take a nickel, just hand them your business card.
		-- Richard Daley, advising on the safe enjoyment of graft


Style may not be the answer, but at least it's a workable alternative.


Money and women are the most sought after and the least known of any two
things we have.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


Don't stop to stomp ants when the elephants are stampeding.


Sure banking is Biblical!

How about when Onan received a substantial penalty for early withdrawal?
Or when Pharaoh's daughter went into the bulrushes and came out with a
little prophet?  And it was Moses who led the Children of Israel to the
Banks of the Jordan!


Honorable, adj.:
	Afflicted with an impediment in one's reach.  In legislative
	bodies, it is customary to mention all members as honorable; as,
	"the honorable gentleman is a scurvy cur."
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


To err is human.
To blame someone else for your mistakes is even more human.


Don't ever slam a door; you might want to go back.


That's the most fun I've had without laughing.
		-- Woody Allen, on sex


The Sultan was peeved with his harem,
And cooked up a scheme for to scare'em.
	He caught a big mouse
	Which he loosed in the house.
(Such confusion is called harem-scarem).


At any given moment, an arrow must be either where it is or where it is
not.  But obviously it cannot be where it is not.  And if it is where
it is, that is equivalent to saying that it is at rest.
		-- Zeno's paradox of the moving (still?) arrow


For your penance, say five Hail Marys and one loud BLAH!


Ain't nothin' an old man can do for me but
bring me a message from a young man.
		-- Moms Mabley


There once was a man named Eugene
Who invented a screwing machine
	Concave and convex
	It served either sex
And it played with itself in between.


8 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Woman:

 1. You rarely (if ever) find beer labels on the shower curtain rod.
 2. A beer doesn't care when you come.
 3. Beer doesn't have a mother.
 4. Beer doesn't need much closet space.
 5. A beer won't accuse you of lying when you say you read Playboy
	"just for the articles".
 6. Beer doesn't mind seeing Chuck Norris and Charles Bronson flicks.
 7.  Beer doesn't always want to go to the 'powder room' with everyone
	else's beer.
 8. When you're through with a beer, the thought of another beer doesn't
	make you ill.


I have already given two cousins to the war and I stand ready to
sacrifice my wife's brother.
		-- Artemus Ward


Peace is much more precious than a piece
of land... let there be no more wars.
		-- Mohammed Anwar Sadat (1918-1981)


A Puritan is someone who is deathly afraid that someone, somewhere, is
having fun.


I know if you been talkin' you done said
just how surprised you wuz by the living dead.
You wuz surprised that they could understand you words
and never respond once to all the truth they heard.
But don't you get square!
There ain't no rule that says they got to care.
They can always swear they're deaf, dumb and blind.


Practical politics consists in ignoring facts.
		-- Henry Adams


Love is always open arms.  With arms open you allow love to come and
go as it wills, freely, for it will do so anyway.  If you close your
arms about love you'll find you are left only holding yourself.


Loan-department manager:  "There isn't any fine print.  At these
interest rates, we don't need it."


The only thing we learn from history is that we learn nothing from
history.
		-- Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel

I know guys can't learn from yesterday ... Hegel must be taking the
long view.
		-- John Brunner, "Stand on Zanzibar"


Darth Vader sleeps with a Teddywookie.


There is always more hell that needs raising.
		-- Lauren Leveut


	There was a knock on the door.  Mrs. Miffin opened it.  "Are
you the Widow Miffin?" a small boy asked.
	"I'm Mrs. Miffin," she replied, "but I'm not a widow."
	"Oh, no?" replied the little boy.  "Wait 'til you see what
they're carrying upstairs!"


Wilcox's Law:
	A pat on the back is only a few
	centimeters from a kick in the pants.


Finagle's Third Law:
	In any collection of data, the figure most obviously correct,
	beyond all need of checking, is the mistake.

Corollaries:
	1. Nobody whom you ask for help will see it.
	2. The first person who stops by, whose advice you really
	   don't want to hear, will see it immediately.


A penny saved has not been spent.


The opposite of talking isn't listening.  The opposite of talking is
waiting.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


I met a young man in Chungking
Who had a very long thing --
	But you'll guess my surprise
	When I found that its size
Just measured a third-finger ring!


One Saturday afternoon, during the campaign to decide whether or not there
should be a Coastal Commission, I took a helicopter ride from Los Angeles
to San Diego.  We passed several state beaches, some crowded and some
virtually empty.  They had the same facilities, and in some cases the crowded
and the empty beach were within a quarter mile of each other.  Obviously
many beach-goers prefer to be crowded together. Buying more beaches that
people won't go to because they prefer to be crowded together on one beach
is a ridiculous waste of our natural resources and our taxes.
		-- Ronald Reagan


HONOR:
	Almost as good as in 'er.


NEWSFLASH!!
	Rodney Fenster looked up the shaft of elevator number four at
1700 N. 17th St. this morning to see if the elevator was on its way down.
It was.  Age 31.


Do not do unto others as you would they should do unto you.
Their tastes may not be the same.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Engineering:	"How will this work?"
Science:	"Why will this work?"
Management:	"When will this work?"
Liberal Arts:	"Do you want fries with that?"


EE's do it without shorts.


Show me a man who is a good loser and I'll show you a man who is
playing golf with his boss.


Last week a cop stopped me in my car.  He asked me if I had a police record.
I said, no, but I have the new DEVO album.  Cops have no sense of humor.


This fortune is false.


The Bible says that woman was the last thing God made.
Evidently He made her on Saturday night.  She reveals his fatigue.
		-- Dumas


He:	"Hey, Baby, I'd sure like to get in your pants!"
She:	"No, thanks, I've already got one asshole in there now."


This door is baroquen, please wiggle Handel.
(If I wiggle Handel, will it wiggle Bach?)
		-- Found on a door in the MSU music building


Early to rise and early to bed makes
a man healthy and wealthy and dead.
		-- James Thurber


Jesus saves... but Gretzky gets the rebound!
		-- Daniel Hinojosa


If you think nobody cares if you're alive,
try missing a couple of car payments.
		-- Earl Wilson


Remember folks.  Street lights timed for 35 MPH are also timed for 70 MPH.
		-- Jim Samuels


Why is it taking so long for her to bring out all the good in you?


Someone will try to honk your nose today.


Based on what you know about him in history books, what do you think
Abraham Lincoln would be doing if he were alive today?

	(1) Writing his memoirs of the Civil War.
	(2) Advising the President.
	(3) Desperately clawing at the inside of his coffin.
		-- David Letterman


Put your Nose to the Grindstone!
		-- Amalgamated Plastic Surgeons and Toolmakers, Ltd.


Nobody takes a bribe.  Of course at Christmas if you happen to hold out
your hat and somebody happens to put a little something in it, well, that's
different.
		-- New York City Police Commissioner (Ret.) William P.
		   O'Brien, instructions to the force.


The meek shall inherit the earth, but *not* its mineral rights.
		-- J. P. Getty


	[I plan] to see, hear, touch, and destroy everything in my path,
including beets, rutabagas, and most random vegetables, but excluding yams,
as I am absolutely terrified of yams...
	Actually, I think my fear of yams began in my early youth, when many
of my young comrades pelted me with same for singing songs of far-off lands
and deep blue seas in a language closely resembling that of the common sow.
My psychosis was further impressed into my soul as I reached adolescence,
when, while skipping through a field of yams, light-heartedly tossing flowers
into the stratosphere, a great yam-picking machine tore through the fields,
pursuing me to the edge of the great plantation, where I escaped by diving
into a great ditch filled with a mixture of water and pig manure, which may
explain my tendency to scream, "Here come the Martians!  Hide the eggs!" every
time I have pork.  But I digress.  The fact remains that I cannot rationally
deal with yams, and pigs are terrible conversationalists.


That's the thing about people who think they hate computers.  What they
really hate is lousy programmers.
		-- Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle in "Oath of Fealty"


Computers can't cruise.  Meandering is a foreign concept to them.
The computer assumes that all behavior is in pursuit of an ultimate
goal.  Whenever a motorist changes his or her mind and veers off
course, the GPS lady issues that snippy announcement: "Recalculating!"
		-- Joel Achenbach (www.slate.com, 20 Jun 2008)


Fame lost its appeal for me when I went into a public restroom and an
autograph seeker handed me a pen and paper under the stall door.
		-- Marlo Thomas


Air is water with holes in it.


Virtue would go far if vanity did not keep it company.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


Q:	How do you hide an elephant in a cherry tree?
A:	Paint his balls red and his toenails green.

Q:	Ever see an elephant in a cherry tree?
A:	No -- so it must work pretty well!

Q:	How did Tarzan die?
A:	Picking cherries!!!


When I kill, the only thing I feel is recoil.


Happiness is twin floppies.


Falsie salesman, n.:
	Fuller bust man.


Progress is impossible without change, and those who
cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness.
		-- John Muir


QOTD:
	"Money isn't everything, but at least it keeps the kids in touch."


It was all so different before everything changed.


Despite all appearances, your boss
is a thinking, feeling, human being.


