Live within your income, even if you have to borrow to do so.
		-- Josh Billings


When you're in command, command.
		-- Admiral Nimitz


Conservative, n.:
	A statesman who is enamored of existing evils, as distinguished
	from the Liberal who wishes to replace them with others.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


I'm against group sex because I wouldn't know where to put my elbows.
		-- Martin Cruz Smith


From 0 to "what seems to be the problem officer" in 8.3 seconds.
		-- Ad for the new VW Corrado


You are a very redundant person, that's what kind of person you are.


The bedsprings next door jounce and creak:
They have kept me awake for a week.
	Why do newlyweds
	Select squeaky beds
To develop their fucking technique?


As failures go, attempting to recall the past is like trying to grasp
the meaning of existence.  Both make one feel like a baby clutching at
a basketball: one's palms keep sliding off.
		-- Joseph Brodsky


Hitler used methods against white men in Europe, which by tacit
agreement between the cultural European nations were only to be
used against the coloured.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Latin is a language,
As dead as can be.
First it killed the Romans,
And now it's killing me.


SAGITTARIUS (Nov.22 - Dec.21)
	Your efforts to help a little old lady cross a street will
	backfire when you learn that she was waiting for a bus.  Subdue
	impulse you have to push her out into traffic.


Support Bingo, keep Grandma off the streets.


My interest is in the future because I am
going to spend the rest of my life there.


Only two kinds of witnesses exist.  The first live in a neighborhood where
a crime has been committed and in no circumstances have ever seen anything
or even heard a shot.  The second category are the neighbors of anyone who
happens to be accused of the crime.  These have always looked out of their
windows when the shot was fired, and have noticed the accused person standing
peacefully on his balcony a few yards away.
		-- Sicilian police officer


As crazy as hauling timber into the woods.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


While not actually a sailor, I certainly enjoy getting blown ashore.


The pleasure is transitory, the cost
prohibitive, and the position ridiculous.
		-- Disraeli, on sex


Iles's Law:
	There is always an easier way to do it.  When looking directly
	at the easy way, especially for long periods, you will not see
	it.  Neither will Iles.


Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter
it every six months.
		-- Oscar Wilde


GIVE:	Support the helpless victims of computer error.


	"Hmm, lots of people seem to be confused about the difference
between amd64 and ia64."
	"Obviously they've never had an ia64 drop on their foot.  They'd
know the difference then."
		-- Peter Wemm explains CPU architecture


It usually takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
		-- Mark Twain


The great nations have always acted like gangsters and the small nations
like prostitutes.
		-- Stanley Kubrick


I was in a bar and I walked up to a beautiful woman and said, "Do you live
around here often?"  She said, "You're wearing two different-color socks."
I said, "Yes, but to me they're the same because I go by thickness."
She said, "How do you feel?" And I said, "You know when you're sitting on a
chair and you lean back so you're just on two legs and you lean too far so
you almost fall over but at the last second you catch yourself?  I feel like
that all the time."
		-- Steven Wright, "Gentlemen's Quarterly"


Oh Father, my Father, Oh what must I do?
They're burning our streets and beating me blue.
"Listen my son, I'll tell you the truth:
Get a close haircut and spit-shine your shoes."

Oh Mother, my Mother, my confusions remove,
I long to embrace her whose hair is so smooth.
"Now listen my son, although you're confused,
Cut your hair close and shine all your shoes."

Oh Teacher, my Teacher, your life with me share.
What books ought I read?  What thoughts do I dare?
"Oh Student, my Student, of dissent you beware.
Shine those dull shoes and cut short your hair."

Oh Preacher, my Preacher, does God really care?
Are all races equal?  Are laws just and fair?
"Boy -- here's the answer, no need to despair:
Shine those new shoes and cut short that hair."


Steele's Plagiarism of Somebody's Philosophy:
	Everybody should believe in something --
	I believe I'll have another drink.


Water?  Never touch the stuff!  Fish fuck in it.
		-- W. C. Fields


Where am I, and what am I doing in this handbasket?
		-- Mark A. Matthews, to Wes Peters, circa 1996


For the fashion of Minas Tirith was such that it was built on seven levels,
each delved into a hill, and about each was set a wall, and in each wall
was a gate.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien, "The Return of the King"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to system overview.]



And do you not think that each of you women is an Eve?  The judgment of God
upon your sex endures today; and with it invariably endures your position of
criminal at the bar of justice.
		-- Tertullian, second-century Christian writer


Q:	How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	You won't find a lawyer who can change a light bulb.  Now, if
	you're looking for a lawyer to screw a light bulb...


You should never wear your best trousers
when you go out to fight for freedom and liberty.
		-- Henrik Ibsen


Fools rush in -- and get the best seats in the house.


Behind every great computer sits a skinny little geek.


In the days of old,
When Knights were bold,
	And women were too cautious;
Oh, those gallant days,
When women were women,
	And men were really obnoxious.


When democracy granted democratic methods to us in times of opposition, this
was bound to happen in a democratic system.  However, we National Socialists
never asserted that we represented a democratic point of view, but we have
declared openly that we used the democratic methods only to gain power and
that, after assuming the power, we would deny to our adversaries without any
consideration the means which were granted to us in times of our opposition.
		-- Josef Goebbels


Paranoid schizophrenics outnumber their enemies at least two to one.


Religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich.
		-- Napoleon


Certainly there are things in life that money can't buy,
But it's very funny --
did you ever try buying them without money?
		-- Ogden Nash


Every silver lining has a cloud around it.


I think a relationship is like a shark.  It has to constantly move forward
or it dies.  Well, what we have on our hands here is a dead shark.
		-- Woody Allen


A man without a woman is like a statue without pigeons.


Nature, to be commanded, must be obeyed.
		-- Francis Bacon


When you go out to buy, don't show your silver.


"I'm a doctor, not a mechanic."
		-- "The Doomsday Machine", when asked if he had heard of
		   the idea of a doomsday machine.
"I'm a doctor, not an escalator."
		-- "Friday's Child", when asked to help the very pregnant
		   Ellen up a steep incline.
"I'm a doctor, not a bricklayer."
		-- "Devil in the Dark", when asked to patch up the Horta.
"I'm a doctor, not an engineer."
		-- "Mirror, Mirror", when asked by Scotty for help in
		   Engineering aboard the USS Enterprise.
"I'm a doctor, not a coal miner."
		-- "The Empath", on being beneath the surface of Minara 2.
"I'm a surgeon, not a psychiatrist."
		-- "City on the Edge of Forever", on Edith Keeler's remark
		   that Kirk talked strangely.
"I'm no magician, Spock, just an old country doctor."
		-- "The Deadly Years", to Spock while trying to cure the
		   aging effects of the rogue comet near Gamma Hydra 4.
"What am I, a doctor or a moon shuttle conductor?"
		-- "The Corbomite Maneuver", when Kirk rushed off from a
		   physical exam to answer the alert.


	Once there was a marine biologist who loved dolphins. He spent his
time trying to feed and protect his beloved creatures of the sea.  One day,
in a fit of inventive genius, he came up with a serum that would make
dolphins live forever!
	Of course he was ecstatic. But he soon realized that in order to mass
produce this serum he would need large amounts of a certain compound that was
only found in nature in the metabolism of a rare South American bird.  Carried
away by his love for dolphins, he resolved that he would go to the zoo and
steal one of these birds.
	Unbeknownst to him, as he was arriving at the zoo an elderly lion was
escaping from its cage.  The zookeepers were alarmed and immediately began
combing the zoo for the escaped animal, unaware that it had simply lain down
on the sidewalk and had gone to sleep.
	Meanwhile, the marine biologist arrived at the zoo and procured his
bird.  He was so excited by the prospect of helping his dolphins that he
stepped absentmindedly stepped over the sleeping lion on his way back to his
car.  Immediately, 1500 policemen converged on him and arrested him for
transporting a myna across a staid lion for immortal porpoises.


Rejection, n.:
	When you're masturbating and your hand falls asleep.


He is not only dull himself, he is the cause of dullness in others.
		-- Samuel Johnson


Now I lay me down to sleep
I pray the double lock will keep;
May no brick through the window break,
And, no one rob me till I awake.


Women reason with the heart and are much less often wrong
than men who reason with the head.
		-- DeLescure


X windows:
	The ultimate bottleneck.
	Flawed beyond belief.
	The only thing you have to fear.
	Somewhere between chaos and insanity.
	On autopilot to oblivion.
	The joke that kills.
	A disgrace you can be proud of.
	A mistake carried out to perfection.
	Belongs more to the problem set than the solution set.
	To err is X windows.
	Ignorance is our most important resource.
	Complex nonsolutions to simple nonproblems.
	Built to fall apart.
	Nullifying centuries of progress.
	Falling to new depths of inefficiency.
	The last thing you need.
	The de facto substandard.

Elevating brain damage to an art form.
	X windows.


Q:	How was Thomas J. Watson buried?
A:	9 edge down.


Even a blind pig stumbles upon a few acorns.


When the Guru administers, the users
are hardly aware that he exists.
Next best is a sysop who is loved.
Next, one who is feared.
And worst, one who is despised.

If you don't trust the users,
you make them untrustworthy.

The Guru doesn't talk, he hacks.
When his work is done,
the users say, "Amazing:
we implemented it, all by ourselves!"


Failed Attempts To Break Records
	In September 1978 Mr. Terry Gripton, of Stafford, failed to break
the world shouting record by two and a half decibels.  "I am not surprised
he failed," his wife said afterwards.  "He's really a very quiet man and
doesn't even shout at me."
	In August of the same year Mr. Paul Anthony failed to break the
record for continuous organ playing by 387 hours.
	His attempt at the Golden Fish Fry Restaurant in Manchester ended
after 36 hours 10 minutes, when he was accused of disturbing the peace.
"People complained I was too noisy," he said.
	In January 1976 Mr. Barry McQueen failed to walk backwards across
the Menai Bridge playing the bagpipes.  "It was raining heavily and my
drone got waterlogged," he said.
	A TV cameraman thwarted Mr. Bob Specas' attempt to topple 100,000
dominoes at the Manhattan Center, New York on 9 June 1978.  97,500 dominoes
had been set up when he dropped his press badge and set them off.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


LETTERS TO THE EDITOR (The Times of London)

Dear Sir,

I am firmly opposed to the spread of microchips either to the home or
to the office.  We have more than enough of them foisted upon us in
public places.  They are a disgusting Americanism, and can only result
in the farmers being forced to grow smaller potatoes, which in turn
will cause massive unemployment in the already severely depressed
agricultural industry.

Yours faithfully,
	Capt. Quinton D'Arcy, J. P.
	Sevenoaks


There is always someone worse off than yourself.


Try `stty 0' -- it works much better.


The final screw holding up a rackmount server is always possessed by demons.


A little inaccuracy saves a world of explanation.
		-- C. E. Ayres


BALLISTOPHOBIA:
	Fear of bullets;
OTOPHOBIA:
	Fear of opening one's eyes.
PECCATOPHOBIA:
	Fear of sinning.
TAPHEPHOBIA:
	Fear of being buried alive.
SITOPHOBIA:
	Fear of food.
TRICHOPHOBIA:
	Fear of hair.
VESTIPHOBIA:
	Fear of clothing.


Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation ... the other eight
are unimportant.
		-- Henry Miller


Fortune's Guide to Freshman Notetaking:

WHEN THE PROFESSOR SAYS:			YOU WRITE:

Probably the greatest quality of the poetry	John Milton -- born 1608
of John Milton, who was born in 1608, is the
combination of beauty and power.  Few have
excelled him in the use of the English language,
or for that matter, in lucidity of verse form,
'Paradise Lost' being said to be the greatest
single poem ever written."

Current historians have come to			Most of the problems that now
doubt the complete advantageousness		face the United States are
of some of Roosevelt's policies...		directly traceable to the
						bungling and greed of President
						Roosevelt.

... it is possible that we simply do		Professor Mitchell is a
not understand the Russian viewpoint...		communist.


As my dear auntie used to say, "Love makes the world go 'round, but sex
makes the ride fun."


Hear about...
	the nurse they thought had drowned
	until they found her under the doc?


The heart is wiser than the intellect.


You men out there probably think you already know how to dress for
success.  You know, for example, that you should not wear leisure suits
or white plastic belts and shoes, unless you are going to a costume
party disguised as a pig farmer vacationing at Disney World.
		-- Dave Barry, "How to Dress for Real Success"


Seduced, shaggy Samson snored.
She scissored short.  Sorely shorn,
Soon shackled slave, Samson sighed,
Silently scheming,
Sightlessly seeking
Some savage, spectacular suicide.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


TODAY:
	A nice place to visit, but you can't stay here for long.


I am two fools, I know, for loving, and for saying so.
		-- John Donne


It is against the grain of modern education to teach children to program.
What fun is there in making plans, acquiring discipline in organizing
thoughts, devoting attention to detail, and learning to be self-critical?
		-- Alan J. Perlis


You will gain money by an immoral action.


Q:	What goes red, white, red, white, pink, pink, pink?
A:	Baby in a blender.

Q:	Why do you put a baby in a blender feet first?
A:	So you can watch the expression on its little face.


You will be dead within a year.


A salamander scurries into flame to be destroyed.
Imaginary creatures are trapped in birth on celluloid.
		-- Genesis, "The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway"

I don't know what it's about.  I'm just the drummer.  Ask Peter.
		-- Phil Collins in 1975, when asked about the message behind
		   the previous year's Genesis release, "The Lamb Lies Down
		   on Broadway".


Sex; it's always best when one partner is at least a little bit desperate.


The eyes of Texas are upon you,
All the livelong day;
The eyes of Texas are upon you,
You cannot get away;
Do not think you can escape them
From night 'til early in the morn;
The eyes of Texas are upon you
'Til Gabriel blows his horn.
		-- University of Texas' school song


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #37:

Q:  Did he pick the dog up by the ears?
A:  No.
Q:  What was he doing with the dog's ears?
A:  Picking them up in the air.
Q:  Where was the dog at this time?
A:  Attached to the ears.


Revolution, n.:
	A form of government abroad.


IV. The time required for an object to fall twenty stories is greater than or
    equal to the time it takes for whoever knocked it off the ledge to
    spiral down twenty flights to attempt to capture it unbroken.
	Such an object is inevitably priceless, the attempt to capture it
	inevitably unsuccessful.
 V. All principles of gravity are negated by fear.
	Psychic forces are sufficient in most bodies for a shock to propel
	them directly away from the earth's surface.  A spooky noise or an
	adversary's signature sound will induce motion upward, usually to
	the cradle of a chandelier, a treetop, or the crest of a flagpole.
	The feet of a character who is running or the wheels of a speeding
	auto need never touch the ground, especially when in flight.
VI. As speed increases, objects can be in several places at once.
	This is particularly true of tooth-and-claw fights, in which a
	character's head may be glimpsed emerging from the cloud of
	altercation at several places simultaneously.  This effect is common
	as well among bodies that are spinning or being throttled.  A "wacky"
	character has the option of self-replication only at manic high
	speeds and may ricochet off walls to achieve the velocity required.
		-- Esquire, "O'Donnell's Laws of Cartoon Motion", June 1980


Anything is possible, unless it's not.


	Once there was a marine biologist who loved dolphins. He spent his
time trying to feed and protect his beloved creatures of the sea.  One day,
in a fit of inventive genius, he came up with a serum that would make
dolphins live forever!
	Of course he was ecstatic. But he soon realized that in order to mass
produce this serum he would need large amounts of a certain compound that was
only found in nature in the metabolism of a rare South American bird.  Carried
away by his love for dolphins, he resolved that he would go to the zoo and
steal one of these birds.
	Unbeknownst to him, as he was arriving at the zoo an elderly lion was
escaping from its cage.  The zookeepers were alarmed and immediately began
combing the zoo for the escaped animal, unaware that it had simply lain down
on the sidewalk and had gone to sleep.
	Meanwhile, the marine biologist arrived at the zoo and procured his
bird.  He was so excited by the prospect of helping his dolphins that he
stepped absentmindedly stepped over the sleeping lion on his way back to his
car.  Immediately, 1500 policemen converged on him and arrested him for
transporting a myna across a staid lion for immortal porpoises.


He who lives without folly is less wise than he believes.


Gunter's Airborne Discoveries:
	(1)  When you are served a meal aboard an aircraft,
	     the aircraft will encounter turbulence.
	(2)  The strength of the turbulence
	     is directly proportional to the temperature of your coffee.


Ask five economists and you'll get five different explanations (six if
one went to Harvard).
		-- Edgar R. Fiedler


Every man is apt to form his notions of things difficult to be apprehended,
or less familiar, from their analogy to things which are more familiar.
Thus, if a man bred to the seafaring life, and accustomed to think and talk
only of matters relating to navigation, enters into discourse upon any other
subject; it is well known, that the language and the notions proper to his
own profession are infused into every subject, and all things are measured
by the rules of navigation: and if he should take it into his head to
philosophize concerning the faculties of the mind, it cannot be doubted,
but he would draw his notions from the fabric of the ship, and would find
in the mind, sails, masts, rudder, and compass.
		-- Thomas Reid, "An Inquiry into the Human Mind", 1764


Are you a turtle?


As part of an equal opportunity project, a memo was sent to all the offices
within External Affairs asking for "A list of all employees broken down by
sex."
	One of the memos was returned with the notation: "I'm sorry: we
know of nobody in this office who fits your criteria.  We do, however,
have two alcoholics."


3rd Law of Computing:
	Anything that can go wr
fortune: Segmentation violation -- Core dumped


Speak roughly to your little VAX,
	And boot it when it crashes;
It knows that one cannot relax
	Because the paging thrashes!

		Wow!  Wow!  Wow!

I speak severely to my VAX,
	And boot it when it crashes;
In spite of all my favorite hacks
	My jobs it always thrashes!

		Wow!  Wow!  Wow!


Some Harvard men, stalwart and hairy,
Drank up several bottles of sherry;
	In the Yard around three
	They were shrieking with glee:
"Come on out, we are burning a fairy!"
		-- Edward Gorey


Beware of Programmers who carry screwdrivers.
		-- Leonard Brandwein


Sniff sniff...  Hey!  Who farted?


Are we running light with overbyte?


Piece of cake!
		-- G. S. Koblas


Programmers get overlaid.


PURGE COMPLETE.


XEROX never does anything original.


I appreciate the fact that this draft was done in haste, but some of the
sentences that you are sending out in the world to do your work for you are
loitering in taverns or asleep beside the highway.
		-- Dr. Dwight Van de Vate, Professor of Philosophy,
		   University of Tennessee at Knoxville


My only love sprung from my only hate!
Too early seen unknown, and known too late!
		-- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet"


You are without a doubt a rogue, a rascal, a villain, a thief, a scoundrel,
and a mean, dirty, stinking, sniveling, sneaking, pimping, pocketpicking,
thrice double-damned, no-good son-of-a-bitch.


A bird in the hand is worth what it will bring.


COBOL:
	An exercise in Artificial Inelegance.


There's a handsome boy who tells me how I've changed his past.  He buys me
a brandy...  Could it be he's really just after my ass?
		-- Pete Townshend, "How Many Friends"


The more cordial the buyers secretary, the greater
the odds that the competition already has the order.


	"How'd you get that flat?"
	"Ran over a bottle."
	"Didn't you see it?"
	"Damn kid had it under his coat."


The best way to preserve a right is to exercise it, and the right to
smoke is a right worth dying for.


Sooner or later you must pay for your sins.  (Those who have already
paid may disregard this fortune).


More than any time in history, mankind now faces a crossroads.  One path
leads to despair and utter hopelessness, the other to total extinction.
Let us pray that we have the wisdom to choose correctly.
		-- Woody Allen, "Side Effects"


For children with short attention spans: boomerangs that don't come back.


To hell with the Prime Directive;
Let's _K_I_L_L something!


Oh, I am a C programmer and I'm okay
	I muck with indices and structs all day
And when it works, I shout hoo-ray
	Oh, I am a C programmer and I'm okay


I'm very good at integral and differential calculus,
I know the scientific names of beings animalculous;
In short, in matters vegetable, animal, and mineral,
I am the very model of a modern Major-General.
		-- Gilbert & Sullivan, "The Pirates of Penzance"


It seems that there was this Christian about to be thrown to the lions.  He
was shoved into the middle of the arena and the lion was released.  Being
a good Christian, as the lion approached he knelt and prayed, asking God for
forgiveness for his (few) sins, and begging that the lion might be dissuaded
from eating him for its breakfast.  Much to his dismay, the lion didn't stop
but kept coming, getting faster and faster, now almost running, so the
Christian took off too.  There they were, running around and around the arena,
the lion getting closer and the Christian praying harder and harder between
gasps for breath.  The lions breath was now hot upon his heels and he could
even feel droplets of the lions saliva splashing on his bare feet.  So he
pulled out all the stops, promising God that if the lion will only spare him,
he will devote the rest of his life to spreading the Christian faith,
forsaking all temptation and possessions.  Suddenly he no longer felt the
lions breath, no longer heard the great beast's snarls close behind him.
Slowing to a stop, he turned around and saw the lion on its knees, eyes rolled
upward, paws held together.  The lion appeared to be muttering something so
the Christian approached until he could make out what the lion was saying.
	"Dear Lord, for what I am about to receive..."


Expedience is the best teacher.


He's dead, Jim.


Women Unite!  Make *_h_i_m* sleep in the wet spot tonight!


He who slings mud loses ground.
		-- Chinese proverb


MONTANA:
	A grizzly bear praying for the early arrival of cable television.


A doctor was stranded with a lawyer in a leaky life raft in shark-infested
waters. The doctor tried to swim ashore but was eaten by the sharks. The
lawyer, however, swam safely past the bloodthirsty sharks.  "Professional
courtesy," he explained.


Never drink Coca-Cola in a moving elevator.  The elevator's motion coupled
with the chemicals in Coke produce hallucinations. People tend to change
into lizards and attack without warning, and large bats usually fly in the
window.  (Additionally, you begin to believe that elevators have windows.)


The instruments of science do not in themselves discover truth.  And
there are searchings that are not concluded by the coincidence of a
pointer and a mark.
		-- Fred Saberhagen, "The Berserker Wars"


Real software engineers don't like the idea of some inexplicable and
greasy hardware several aisles away that may stop working at any
moment.  They have a great distrust of hardware people, and wish that
systems could be virtual at *_a_l_l* levels.  They would like personal
computers (you know no one's going to trip over something and kill your
DFA in mid-transit), except that they need 8 megabytes to run their
Correctness Verification Aid packages.


There is no such thing as a free lunch.


I'm not sure I've even got the brains to be President.
		-- Barry Goldwater, in 1964


	As a general rule of thumb, never trust anybody who's been in therapy
for more than 15 percent of their life span.  The words "I am sorry" and "I
am wrong" will have totally disappeared from their vocabulary.  They will stab
you, shoot you, break things in your apartment, say horrible things to your
friends and family, and then justify this abhorrent behavior by saying:
	"Sure, I put your dog in the microwave.  But I feel *better*
for doing it."
		-- Bruce Feirstein, "Nice Guys Sleep Alone"


We should be careful to get out of an experience only the wisdom that is
in it - and stay there, lest we be like the cat that sits down on a hot
stove-lid.  She will never sit down on a hot stove-lid again - and that
is well; but also she will never sit down on a cold one any more.
		-- Mark Twain


Do married women make the best wives?


Dr. Livingston?
Dr. Livingston I. Presume?


T-shirt of the Day:

	See Dick Drink...
	See Dick Drive...
	See Dick Die.
	DON'T BE A DICK.


Armor's Axiom:
	Virtue is the failure to achieve vice.


	A young couple jumped out of their car and dashed into the park.
They hurriedly found a secluded spot and began to make frenzied, passionate
love.  Shortly thereafter, as they were driving away, the young man turned
to her and said, "If I had known you were a virgin, I'd have taken more time."
	She replied, "If I had known you had more time, I'd have taken off
my pantyhose."


I've never had a problem with drugs; I've had problems with the police.
		-- Keith Richards

I never turn blue in anyone's bathroom.  I think that's the height of
bad taste.
		-- Keith Richards


What good is a ticket to the good life,
if you can't find the entrance?


Jim, it's Grace at the bank.  I checked your Christmas Club account.
You don't have five-hundred dollars.  You have fifty.  Sorry, computer foul-up!


QOTD:
	"I only touch base with reality on an as-needed basis!"


Adde parvum parvo manus acervus erit.
[Add little to little and there will be a big pile.]
		-- Ovid


Dawn, n.:
	The time when men of reason go to bed.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


I don't care what star you're following, get that camel off my front lawn!
		-- Heard in Bethlehem


Whoever tells a lie cannot be pure in heart -- and only the
pure in heart can make a good soup.
		-- Ludwig van Beethoven


Sniff sniff...  Hey!  Who farted?


If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.


Do students of Zen Buddhism do Om-work?


Virtue would go far if vanity did not keep it company.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


Aide to Raygun:  Sir, the poor are outside protesting your budget
		 cuts.
Raygun himself:  Tell them they'll have to help themselves.
Aide to Raygun:  Sir, the Pentagon wants another $30 billion.
Raygun himself:  Tell them to help themselves.


He is no lawyer who cannot take two sides.


