INNUENDO:
	Italian enema.


Call things by their right names...  Glass of brandy and water!  That is the
current but not the appropriate name: ask for a glass of fire and distilled
damnation.
		-- Robert Hall, in Olinthus Gregory's, "Brief Memoir of the
		   Life of Hall"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to logical names.]


Hanlon's Razor:
	Never attribute to malice
	that which is adequately explained by stupidity.


Distrust all those who love you extremely upon a very slight
acquaintance and without any visible reason.
		-- Lord Chesterfield


Sun in the night, everyone is together,
Ascending into the heavens, life is forever.
		-- Brand X, "Moroccan Roll/Sun in the Night"


Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set:

BBW	Branch Both Ways
BEW	Branch Either Way
BBBF	Branch on Bit Bucket Full
BH	Branch and Hang
BMR	Branch Multiple Registers
BOB	Branch On Bug
BPO	Branch on Power Off
BST	Backspace and Stretch Tape
CDS	Condense and Destroy System
CLBR	Clobber Register
CLBRI	Clobber Register Immediately
CM	Circulate Memory
CMFRM	Come From -- essential for truly structured programming
CPPR	Crumple Printer Paper and Rip
CRN	Convert to Roman Numerals


QOTD:
	"I drive my car quietly, for it goes without saying."


If you want to know what god thinks of money, just look at the people
he gave it to.
		-- Dorothy Parker


I am a man: nothing human is alien to me.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)


Q:	Why did Ted Kennedy report the accident 8 hours after Mary
		Jo Kopechne drowned?
A:	Do you have any idea how hard it is to dress a woman underwater?


As goatherd learns his trade by goat, so writer learns his trade by wrote.


I don't make the rules, Gil, I only play the game.
		-- Cash McCall


A plethora of individuals with expertise in culinary techniques
contaminate the potable concoction produced by steeping certain
edible nutriments.


In Seattle, Washington, it is illegal to carry a concealed weapon that
is over six feet in length.


Children's talent to endure stems from their ignorance of alternatives.
		-- Maya Angelou, "I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings"


Said a happy young man of Fort Drum:
"What care I for this shortage of gum?
	My favorite chew
	Is a condom or two,
With a goodly amount of fresh come."


sillema sillema nika su
[translation: look it up...hint-fin]


A fake fortuneteller can be tolerated.  But an authentic soothsayer
should be shot on sight.  Cassandra did not get half the kicking around
she deserved.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


	A man walked into a bar with his alligator and asked the bartender,
"Do you serve lawyers here?".
	"Sure do," replied the bartender.
	"Good," said the man.  "Give me a beer, and I'll have a lawyer for
my 'gator."


Don't go around saying the world owes you a living.
The world owes you nothing.  It was here first.
		-- Mark Twain


How many "coming men" has one known!  Where on earth do they all go to?
		-- Sir Arthur Wing Pinero


The universe is an island,
surrounded by whatever it is that surrounds universes.


The bold youth of today is very lonely.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


That girl could suck the chrome off a bumper.


The earth is like a tiny grain of sand, only much, much heavier.


Rule 46, Oxford Union Society, London:
	Any member introducing a dog into the Society's premises shall
be liable to a fine of one pound.  Any animal leading a blind person
shall be deemed to be a cat.


Alright, yes, date, and shop, and hang out, and go to school ... and
save the world from unspeakable demons.  You know, I want to do girlie
stuff.
		-- Buffy, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Faith, Hope & Trick"
		   Season 3, Episode 3


I have a map of the United States.  It's actual size.
I spent last summer folding it.
People ask me where I live, and I say, "E6".
		-- Steven Wright


Total strangers need love, too; and I'm stranger than most.


The first Rotarian was the first man to call John the Baptist "Jack."
		-- H. L. Mencken


Moore's Constant:
	Everybody sets out to do something, and everybody
	does something, but no one does what he sets out to do.


Life is one long struggle in the dark.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


Those who can't write, write manuals.


Ginsburg's Law:
	At the precise moment you take off your shoe in a shoe store, your
	big toe will pop out of your sock to see what's going on.


The real reason psychology is hard is that
psychologists are trying to do the impossible.


AQUARIUS (Jan.20 - Feb.18)
	You are the type of person who never has enough money to do what
	you want.  Don't expect things to get any better today, either.
	As a matter of fact they might get worse.  Intensify your
	relationship with your bank and any friends you have who might be
	able to lend you a few bucks.


Serocki's Stricture:
	Marriage is always a bachelor's last option.


Easy come and easy go,
	some call me easy money,
Sometimes life is full of laughs,
	and sometimes it ain't funny
You may think that I'm a fool
	and sometimes that is true,
But I'm goin' to heaven in a flash of fire,
	with or without you.
		-- Hoyt Axton


Seeing a commotion in Harvard Square, a man strolled over and asked what
was going on.  One of the onlookers explained to him that there was a Mooney
who had immersed himself in gasoline and was threatening to set fire to
himself to demonstrate his commitment to the Rev. Moon.  The man gasped and
asked what was being done to defuse the obviously dangerous situation.
	"Well", replied the onlooker, "we're taking up a collection -- so
far I've got two Bics, four Zippos and eighteen books of matches."


The Buddha, the Godhead, resides quite as comfortably in the circuits of a
digital computer or the gears of a cycle transmission as he does at the top
of a mountain or in the petals of a flower.  To think otherwise is to demean
the Buddha -- which is to demean oneself.
		-- Robert Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"


When I kill, the only thing I feel is recoil.


Failed Attempts To Break Records
	In September 1978 Mr. Terry Gripton, of Stafford, failed to break
the world shouting record by two and a half decibels.  "I am not surprised
he failed," his wife said afterwards.  "He's really a very quiet man and
doesn't even shout at me."
	In August of the same year Mr. Paul Anthony failed to break the
record for continuous organ playing by 387 hours.
	His attempt at the Golden Fish Fry Restaurant in Manchester ended
after 36 hours 10 minutes, when he was accused of disturbing the peace.
"People complained I was too noisy," he said.
	In January 1976 Mr. Barry McQueen failed to walk backwards across
the Menai Bridge playing the bagpipes.  "It was raining heavily and my
drone got waterlogged," he said.
	A TV cameraman thwarted Mr. Bob Specas' attempt to topple 100,000
dominoes at the Manhattan Center, New York on 9 June 1978.  97,500 dominoes
had been set up when he dropped his press badge and set them off.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


QOTD:
	"I treat her like a thoroughbred, and she's STILL a nag!"


Shedenhelm's Law:
	All trails have more uphill sections
	than they have downhill sections.


Systems programmers are the high priests of a low cult.
		-- R. S. Barton


Familiarity breeds contempt -- and children.
		-- Mark Twain


If you think before you speak the other guy gets his joke in first.


I never said all Democrats were saloonkeepers;
what I said was all saloonkeepers were Democrats.


Bucy's Law:
	Nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man.


No spitting on the Bus!
Thank you, The Management.


One of the most striking differences between a
cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives.
		-- Mark Twain


Every young man should have a hobby: learning how to handle money is
the best one.
		-- Jack Hurley


Rule 46, Oxford Union Society, London:
	Any member introducing a dog into the Society's premises shall
be liable to a fine of one pound.  Any animal leading a blind person
shall be deemed to be a cat.


The key to building a superstar is to keep their mouth shut.  To reveal
an artist to the people can be to destroy him.  It isn't to anyone's
advantage to see the truth.
		-- Bob Ezrin, rock music producer


	"I was plodding through the woods when suddenly a giant brown
bear grabbed me from behind and made me drop my gun.  He picked it up
and stuck it in my back."
	"What did you do?"
	"What *could* I do?  I married his daughter."


As part of an equal opportunity project, a memo was sent to all the offices
within External Affairs asking for "A list of all employees broken down by
sex."
	One of the memos was returned with the notation: "I'm sorry: we
know of nobody in this office who fits your criteria.  We do, however,
have two alcoholics."


[Americans] are a race of convicts and ought to be thankful for anything
we allow them short of hanging.
		-- Samuel Johnson

America is a large friendly dog in a small room.  Every time it wags its
tail it knocks over a chair.
		-- Arnold Toynbee

The United States is like the guy at the party who gives cocaine to
everybody and still nobody likes him.
		-- Jim Samuels


The Feynman Problem-Solving Algorithm:
	(1) write down the problem.
	(2) think very hard.
	(3) write down the answer.
		-- Murray Gell-Mann


Of course, most people eventually give up bowling for sex.
The balls are lighter and you don't have to change your shoes.


The Puritan hated bear-baiting, not because it gave pain to the bear, but
because it gave pleasure to the spectators.
		-- Thomas Macaulay, "History of England"


Anyone who has attended a USENIX conference in a fancy hotel can tell you
that a sentence like "You're one of those computer people, aren't you?"
is roughly equivalent to "Look, another amazingly mobile form of slime
mold!" in the mouth of a hotel cocktail waitress.
		-- Elizabeth Zwicky


When you find yourself in danger,
When you're threatened by a stranger,
When it looks like you will take a lickin'...

There is one thing you should learn,
When there is no one else to turn to,
	Caaaall for Super Chicken!!  (**bwuck-bwuck-bwuck-bwuck**)
	Caaaall for Super Chicken!!


What a strange game.  The only winning move is not to play.
		-- WOP, "War Games"


Others can stop you temporarily, only you can do it permanently.


Qvid me anxivs svm?


The Grecians were famed for fine art,
And buildings and stonework so smart.
	They distinguished with poise
	The men from the boys,
And used crowbars to keep them apart.


TAXIDERMIST:
	A man who mounts animals.


The amount of weight an evangelist carries with the almighty is measured
in billigrahams.


Between infinite and short there is a big difference.
		-- G. H. Gonnet


	Thompson, if he is to be believed, has sampled the entire
rainbow of legal and illegal drugs in heroic efforts to feel better
than he does.
	As for the truth about his health: I have asked around about
it.  I am told that he appears to be strong and rosy, and steadily
sane.  But we will be doing what he wants us to do, I think, if we
consider his exterior a sort of Dorian Gray facade.  Inwardly, he is
being eaten alive by tinhorn politicians.
	The disease is fatal.  There is no known cure.  The most we can
do for the poor devil, it seems to me, is to name his disease in his
honor.  From this moment on, let all those who feel that Americans can
be as easily led to beauty as to ugliness, to truth as to public
relations, to joy as to bitterness, be said to be suffering from Hunter
Thompson's disease.  I don't have it this morning.  It comes and goes.
This morning I don't have Hunter Thompson's disease.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr. on Dr. Hunter S. Thompson: Excerpt
		   from "A Political Disease", Vonnegut's review of "Fear
		   and Loathing: On the Campaign Trail '72"


One reason why George Washington
Is held in such veneration:
He never blamed his problems
On the former Administration.
		-- George O. Ludcke


Woody: How are you feeling today, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Poor.
Woody: Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
Norm:  No, I meant `pour'.
		-- Cheers, Strange Bedfellows, Part 3

Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what's the story?
Norm:  Boy meets beer.  Boy drinks beer.  Boy gets another beer.
		-- Cheers, The Proposal

Paul:  Hey Norm, how's the world been treating you?
Norm:  Like a baby treats a diaper.
		-- Cheers, Tan 'n Wash


My father was a creole, his father a Negro, and his father a monkey; my
family, it seems, begins where yours left off.
		-- Alexandre Dumas, pere


Different all twisty a of in maze are you, passages little.


There is hopeful symbolism in the fact that flags do not wave in a vacuum.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke


PLEASE DON'T SMOKE HERE!

Penalty: An early, lingering death from cancer,
	 emphysema, or other smoking-caused ailment.


When someone says "I want a programming language in
which I need only say what I wish done," give him a lollipop.


I believe in an America where the separation of church and state is absolute
-- where no Catholic prelate would tell the president (should he be Catholic)
how to act, and no Protestant minister would tell his parishioners for whom
to vote -- where no church or church school is granted any public funds or
political preference -- and where no man is denied public office merely
because his religion differs from the president who might appoint him or
the people who might elect him.
		-- John F. Kennedy


Women give themselves to God when the
Devil wants nothing more to do with them.
		-- Arnould


Reclaimer, spare that tree!
Take not a single bit!
It used to point to me,
Now I'm protecting it.
It was the reader's CONS
That made it, paired by dot;
Now, GC, for the nonce,
Thou shalt reclaim it not.


Why did the Lord give us so much quickness of
movement unless it was to avoid responsibility with?


I think a relationship is like a shark.  It has to constantly move forward
or it dies.  Well, what we have on our hands here is a dead shark.
		-- Woody Allen


You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.


Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


You can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish.


If pregnancy were a book they would cut the last two chapters.
		-- Nora Ephron, "Heartburn"


We laugh at the Indian philosopher, who to account for the support
of the earth, contrived the hypothesis of a huge elephant, and to support
the elephant, a huge tortoise.  If we will candidly confess the truth, we
know as little of the operation of the nerves, as he did of the manner in
which the earth is supported: and our hypothesis about animal spirits, or
about the tension and vibrations of the nerves, are as like to be true, as
his about the support of the earth.  His elephant was a hypothesis, and our
hypotheses are elephants.  Every theory in philosophy, which is built on
pure conjecture, is an elephant; and every theory that is supported partly
by fact, and partly by conjecture, is like Nebuchadnezzar's image, whose
feet were partly of iron, and partly of clay.
		-- Thomas Reid, "An Inquiry into the Human Mind", 1764


Harvard Law:
	Under the most rigorously controlled conditions of pressure,
	temperature, volume, humidity, and other variables, the
	organism will do as it damn well pleases.


Cruickshank's Law of Committees:
	If a committee is allowed to discuss a bad idea long enough, it
	will inevitably decide to implement the idea simply because so
	much work has already been done on it.


Q:	Why is Christmas just like a day at the office?
A:	You do all of the work and the fat guy in the suit
	gets all the credit.


Tact, n.:
	The unsaid part of what you're thinking.


It is better to give than to lend, and it costs about the same.


Q:	How did Hellen Keller burn the side of her face?
A:	She answered the iron.

Q:	How did she burn the other side of her face?
A:	They called back.


Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from a rigged demo.


	The old mailman is making his last rounds; he retires at the end of
the week.  As he approaches the Jones' house, Mrs. Jones greets him warmly at
the door.  "Please come in!  We're very grateful for your years of service to
us and our neighborhood.  I've prepared something special for you."
	In walks the mailman, to a graciously appointed dining room, where
Mrs. Jones has prepared a sumptuous lunch.  After dumping his letter satchel
on the couch, he and Mrs. Jones have a charming meal.  As the mailman finished
his last glass of wine, thanking his hostess profusely, she stops him from
leaving and disappears upstairs.  She returns in a moment, in a daring
negligee, and takes the astonished postman to the bedroom, where the elaborate
farewell is consummated between the sheets.
	As he's putting his pants on, Mrs. Jones reaches into her nightstand,
pulls out a dollar bill, and hands it to him.  Reacting to his astonished
look, she says, "Well, I told my husband that you were retiring and that
we should do something for you.  He said 'Fuck him.  Give him a dollar!'"
She pauses and smiles proudly. "The lunch was MY idea."


Actors will happen even in the best-regulated families.


Air Force Inertia Axiom:
	Consistency is always easier to defend than correctness.


QOTD:
	"I'd never marry a woman who didn't like pizza.  I might play
	golf with her, but I wouldn't marry her."


However, never daunted, I will cope with adversity
in my traditional manner... sulking and nausea.
		-- Tom K. Ryan


I thought Jackie O. was something you did in the bathroom.
		-- Strange de Jim


All flesh is grass.
		-- Isaiah 40:6
Smoke a friend today.


Women, when they have made a sheep of a man,
always tell him that he is a lion with a will of iron.
		-- Honore de Balzac


Scientists still know less about what attracts men
than they do about what attracts mosquitoes.
		-- Dr. Joyce Brothers,
		   "What Every Woman Should Know About Men"


	"Our school, madame, postulates, first of all, that since the
science of mathematics is an abstract science, it is best inculcated by
some concrete example."
	Said the Queen, "But that sounds rather complicated."
	"It occasionally leads to complications," Jurgen admitted, "through
a choice of the wrong example.  But the axiom is no less true."
	"Come, then, and sit next to me on this couch if you can find it in
the dark; and do you explain to me what you mean."
	"Why, madame, by a concrete example I mean one that is perceptible
to any of the senses -- as to sight or hearing, or touch --"
	"Oh, oh!" said the Queen, "now I perceive what you mean by a concrete
example.  And grasping this, I can understand that complications must of
course arise from a choice of the wrong example."
		-- James Branch Cabell, "Jurgen"


Better tried by twelve than carried by six.
		-- Jeff Cooper


If you live in New York, even if you're Catholic, you're Jewish.
		-- Lenny Bruce


There is no point in waiting.
The train stopped running years ago.
All the schedules, the brochures,
The bright-colored posters full of lies,
Promise rides to a distant country
That no longer exists.


Hanlon's Razor:
	Never attribute to malice
	that which is adequately explained by stupidity.


There is no sincerer love than the love of food.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


A freelancer is one who gets paid by the word -- per piece or perhaps.
		-- Robert Benchley


Yea from the table of my memory
I'll wipe away all trivial fond records.
		-- Hamlet


Unfortunately, most programmers like to play with new toys.  I have many
friends who, immediately upon buying a snakebite kit, would be tempted to
throw the first person they see to the ground, tie the tourniquet on him,
slash him with the knife, and apply suction to the wound.
		-- Jon Bentley


There is nothing which cannot be answered by means of my doctrine," said
a monk, coming into a teahouse where Nasrudin sat.
	"And yet just a short time ago, I was challenged by a scholar with
an unanswerable question," said Nasrudin.
	"I could have answered it if I had been there."
	"Very well.  He asked, 'Why are you breaking into my house in
the middle of the night?'"


We came, we saw, we kicked its ass!
		-- Bill Murray, "Ghostbusters"


If you want to put yourself on the map, publish your own map.


A soft drink turneth away company.


You would if you could but you can't so you won't.


Just a song before I go,		Going through security
To whom it may concern,			I held her for so long.
Traveling twice the speed of sound	She finally looked at me in love,
It's easy to get burned.		And she was gone.
When the shows were over		Just a song before I go,
We had to get back home,		A lesson to be learned.
And when we opened up the door		Traveling twice the speed of sound
I had to be alone.			It's easy to get burned.
She helped me with my suitcase,
She stands before my eyes,
Driving me to the airport
And to the friendly skies.
		-- Crosby, Stills, Nash, "Just a Song Before I Go"


A company is known by the men it keeps.


She was only a moonshiner's daughter, but I love her still.


Absurdity, n.:
	A statement or belief manifestly
	inconsistent with one's own opinion.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Massachusetts has the best politicians money can buy.


The fact that boys are allowed to exist at all is evidence of a
remarkable Christian forbearance among men.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


A computer without COBOL and Fortran is like a piece of chocolate
cake without ketchup and mustard.


Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.


	"The jig's up, Elman."
	"Which jig?"
		-- Jeff Elman


The best ways are the most straightforward ways.  When you're sitting around
scamming these things out, all kinds of James Bondian ideas come forth, but
when it gets down to the reality of it, the simplest and most straightforward
way is usually the best, and the way that attracts the least attention.
Also, pouring gasoline on the water and lighting it like James Bond doesn't
work either.... They tried it during Prohibition.
		-- Thomas King Forcade, marijuana smuggler


The world needs more people like us and fewer like them.


What makes the Universe so hard to comprehend
is that there's nothing to compare it with.


Q:	What do you call a brunette between two blondes?
A:	An interpreter.

Q:	Why do blondes have square breasts?
A:	They forgot to take the tissues out of the box.

Q:	What do you call ten blonds in a row?
A:	A wind tunnel.


They Tore Out My Heart and Stomped That Sucker Flat
		-- Book title by Lewis Grizzard


The office brown-noser named Bunky
Would claim he was nobody's flunky.
	But when the chips were all down,
	His proboscis was brown,
And there hung many strands which were gunky.


Advice to young men: Be ascetic, and if you can't be ascetic,
then at least be aseptic.


"Whom are you?" said he, for he had been to night school.
		-- George Ade


New members are urgently needed in the Society
for Prevention of Cruelty to Yourself.  Apply within.


Hear about...
	the little boy that found a fifty cent piece, so he went home
	for some money?


The Tao doesn't take sides;
it gives birth to both wins and losses.
The Guru doesn't take sides;
she welcomes both hackers and lusers.

The Tao is like a stack:
the data changes but not the structure.
the more you use it, the deeper it becomes;
the more you talk of it, the less you understand.

Hold on to the root.


	"You mean, if you allow the master to be uncivil, to treat you
any old way he likes, and to insult your dignity, then he may deem you
fit to hear his view of things?"
	"Quite the contrary.  You must defend your integrity, assuming
you have integrity to defend.  But you must defend it nobly, not by
imitating his own low behavior.  If you are gentle where he is rough,
if you are polite where he is uncouth, then he will recognize you as
potentially worthy.  If he does not, then he is not a master, after all,
and you may feel free to kick his ass."
		-- Tom Robbins, "Jitterbug Perfume"


Truthful, adj.:
	Dumb and illiterate.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


To a New Yorker, all Californians are blond, even the blacks.  There are,
in fact, whole neighborhoods that are zoned only for blond people.  The
only way to tell the difference between California and Sweden is that the
Swedes speak better English.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


ALBRECHT'S LAW:
	Social innovations tend to the level
	of minimum tolerable well-being.


Lamonte Cranston once hired a new Chinese manservant.  While describing his
duties to the new man, Lamonte pointed to a bowl of candy on the coffee
table and warned him that he was not to take any.  Some days later, the new
manservant was cleaning up, with no one at home, and decided to sample some
of the candy.  Just than, Cranston walked in, spied the manservant at the
candy, and said:
	"Pardon me Choy, is that the Shadow's nugate you chew?"


Let us live!!!
Let us love!!!
Let us share the deepest secrets of our souls!!!

You first.


The only function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look
respectable.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


You scratch my tape, and I'll scratch yours.


If we spoke a different language, we
would perceive a somewhat different world.
		-- Wittgenstein


"Good health" is merely the slowest rate at which one can die.


"You are old, father William," the young man said,
	"And your hair has become very white;
And yet you incessantly stand on your head --
	Do you think, at your age, it is right?"

"In my youth," father William replied to his son,
	"I feared it might injure the brain;
But, now that I'm perfectly sure I have none,
	Why, I do it again and again."
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


Be cheerful while you are alive.
		-- Phathotep, 24th Century B.C.


TIPS FOR PERFORMERS:
	Playing cards have the top half upside-down to help cheaters.
	There are a finite number of jokes in the universe.
	Singing is a trick to get people to listen to music longer than
		they would ordinarily.
	There is no music in space.
	People will pay to watch people make sounds.
	Everything on stage should be larger than in real life.


What happens to a dream deferred?
Does it dry up
Like a raisin in the sun?
Or fester like a sore --
And then run?
Does it stink like rotten meat?
Or crust and sugar over --
Like a syrupy sweet?

Maybe it just sags
Like a heavy load.

Or does it explode?
		-- Langston Hughes


A committee is a group that keeps the minutes and loses hours.
		-- Milton Berle


A cynic is a person searching for an honest man, with a stolen lantern.
		-- Edgar A. Shoaff


The abuse of greatness is when it disjoins remorse from power.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"


Long ago I proposed that unsuccessful candidates for the Presidency
be quietly hanged, as a matter of public sanitation and decorum.
The sight of their grief must have a very evil effect upon the young.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "A Carnival of Buncombe"


Immanuel Kant but Kubla Khan.


Government [is] an illusion the governed should not encourage.
		-- John Updike, "Couples"


An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile -- hoping that it will eat
him last.
		-- Sir Winston Churchill, 1954


To be the kind of girl designed to be kissed between the thighs.


A man can sleep around, no questions asked, but if a woman makes nineteen
or twenty mistakes she's a tramp.
		-- Joan Rivers


Text processing has made it possible to right-justify any idea, even
one which cannot be justified on any other grounds.
		-- J. Finnegan, USC


He's gallantry personified, in fact, his brochures ought to
read satisfaction guaranteed, or your virginity returned intact.


Depart in pieces, i.e., split.


Mieux vaut tard que jamais!


