It seems that a rabbi, a priest and a minister decided to go fishing one
sunny afternoon.  All three climbed into the boat and headed for the middle
of the lake.  After several hours of relaxation, the minister decided that
"nature was calling", and climbed out of the boat and walked ashore.  In
a few moments, he walked back out to the boat and climbed back in.
	The rabbi was absolutely astonished, but decided not to mention
the apparent miracle.
	A few minutes later, the priest also decided to go ashore for a
moment, and climbed out of the boat, walked to shore, and a few minutes
later came back.
	By now the rabbi was in great distress and had begun to doubt his
beliefs and wonder if there might be some validity to the Christian
teachings.  But he immediately reaffirmed the fact that his faith WAS JUST
AS STRONG as either the priest's or the minister's and decided that anything
they could do, with God's help, he could do as well.
	The rabbi then announced that he needed relief and would walk to
shore.  He climbed out of the boat and went straight to the bottom of the
lake.  While the rabbi was thrashing about in the water, the priest turned to
the minister and said, "So... do you think we ought to tell him where the
rocks are?"


Dammit, how many times do I have to tell you?  _F_I_R_S_T you rape,
_T_H_E_N you pillage!!


This sentence no verb.


Q:	Why do Scotsmen wear kilts?
A:	Because a sheep can hear the sound of a zipper from fifty feet away.
		-- Iain MacKintosh, Glasgow folksinger


Young men think old men are fools;
but old men know young men are fools.
		-- George Chapman


Immanuel doesn't pun, he Kant.


Support wildlife -- vote for an orgy.


	Home centers are designed for the do-it-yourselfer who's
willing to pay higher prices for the convenience of being able to shop
for lumber, hardware, and toasters all in one location.  Notice I say
"shop for", as opposed to "obtain".  This is the major drawback of home
centers: they are always out of everything except artificial Christmas
trees.  The home center employees have no time to reorder merchandise
because they are too busy applying little price stickers to every
object -- every board, washer, nail and screw -- in the entire store ...
	Let's say a piece in your toilet tank breaks, so you remove the
broken part, take it to the home center, and ask an employee if he has
a replacement.  The employee, who has never is his life even seen the
inside of a toilet tank, will peer at the broken part in very much the
same way that a member of a primitive Amazon jungle tribe would look at
an electronic calculator, and then say, "We're expecting a shipment of
these sometime around the middle of next week".
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


A rose is a rose is a rose.  Just ask Jean Marsh, known to millions of
PBS viewers in the '70s as Rose, the maid on the BBC export "Upstairs,
Downstairs."  Though Marsh has since gone on to other projects, ... it's
with Rose she's forever identified.  So much so that she even likes to
joke about having one named after her, a distinction not without its
drawbacks.  "I was very flattered when I heard about it, but when I looked
up the official description, it said, `Jean Marsh: pale peach, not very
good in beds; better up against a wall.'  I want to tell you that's not
true.  I'm very good in beds as well."


Stay the curse.


A kind of Batman of contemporary letters.
		-- Philip Larkin on Anthony Burgess


This fortune would be seven words long if it were six words shorter.


Atlanta makes it against the law to tie a giraffe to a telephone pole
or street lamp.


Abraham Lincoln didn't die in vain.  He died in Washington, D.C.


Life would be so much easier if we could just look at the source code.
		-- Dave Olson


You will be dead within a year.


A social scientist, studying the culture and traditions of a small North
African tribe, found a woman still practicing the ancient art of matchmaking.
Locally, she was known as the Moor, the marrier.


Rule the Empire through force.
		-- Shogun Tokugawa


If you're Catholic you've only got two choices: periodic
abstinence and complete continence; (you know, rhythm and blues).


QOTD:
	"Silence is the only virtue he has left."


	SAFETY
I can live without
Someone I love
But not without
Someone I need.


Committees have become so important nowadays that subcommittees have to
be appointed to do the work.


While your friend holds you affectionately by both your hands you are
safe, for you can watch both of his.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


If you would keep a secret from an enemy, tell it not to a friend.


Queensboro president Donald Mannis, charged with receiving bribes in
exchange for city contracts, resigned on Tuesday.  Mannis feels he must
devote more time to impending litigation, some of which might emanate
from a recent statement he made comparing New York Mayor Ed Koch to
Nazi Martin Bormann.  A spokesman from the Bormann estate said they are
weighing the odds of a slander suit.  Mayor Koch could naturally be
reached for comment, but we chose not to listen.
		-- Dennis Miller, "Saturday Night Live"


The young lady had an unusual list,
Linked in part to a structural weakness.
She set no preconditions.


Chicken Little only has to be right once.


Marvin the Nature Lover spied a grasshopper hopping along in the grass,
and in a mood for communing with nature, rare even among full-fledged
Nature Lovers, he spoke to the grasshopper, saying: "Hello, friend
grasshopper.  Did you know they've named a drink after you?"
	"Really?" replied the grasshopper, obviously pleased.  "They've
named a drink Fred?"


Nature and nature's laws lay hid in night,
God said, "Let Newton be," and all was light.

It did not last; the devil howling "Ho!
Let Einstein be!" restored the status quo.


What a strange game.  The only winning move is not to play.
		-- WOP, "War Games"


A chicken is an egg's way of producing more eggs.


Surprise!  You are the lucky winner of random I.R.S Audit!
Just type in your name and social security number.
Please remember that leaving the room is punishable under law:

Name	#




Love the sea?  I dote upon it -- from the beach.


Boy, that crayon sure did hurt!


A guilty conscience is the mother of invention.
		-- Carolyn Wells


From a Tru64 patch description:

	Fixes a bug that causes a panic due to software error


If God had meant for us to have group sex, he'd have given us more organs.
		-- Malcolm Bradbury


I was 15 years old before I found out that "damn yankee" was two words.


He who hesitates is a damned fool.
		-- Mae West


When one woman was asked how long she had been going to symphony concerts,
she paused to calculate and replied, "Forty-seven years -- and I find I mind
it less and less."
		-- Louise Andrews Kent


Rudeness is a weak man's imitation of strength.


Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.


CAPRICORN (Dec 23 - Jan 19)
	You are conservative and afraid of taking risks.  You don't do
	much of anything and are lazy.  There has never been a Capricorn
	of any importance.  Capricorns should avoid standing still for
	too long as they tend to take root and become trees.


Diaphragm, n.:
	A childproof cap.


Always do right.  This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
		-- Mark Twain


A woman went into a hospital one day to give birth.  Afterwards, the doctor
came to her and said, "I have some... odd news for you."
	"Is my baby all right?" the woman anxiously asked.
	"Yes, he is," the doctor replied, "but we don't know how.  Your son
(we assume) was born with no body.  He only has a head."
	Well, the doctor was correct.  The Head was alive and well, though no
one knew how.  The Head turned out to be fairly normal, ignoring his lack of
a body, and lived for some time as typical a life as could be expected under
the circumstances.
	One day, about twenty years after the fateful birth, the woman got a
phone call from another doctor.  The doctor said, "I have recently perfected
an operation.  Your son can live a normal life now: we can graft a body onto
his head!"
	The woman, practically weeping with joy, thanked the doctor and hung
up.  She ran up the stairs saying, "Johnny, Johnny, I have a *wonderful*
surprise for you!"
	"Oh no," cried The Head, "not another HAT!"


Common sense is the most evenly distributed quantity in the world.
Everyone thinks he has enough.
		-- Rene Descartes, 1637


Lank:	Here we go.  We're about to set a new record.
Earl:	(to the crowd) How about a date?
Lank:	We've done it.  Earl has set a new record.  Turned down by
	20,000 women.
		-- Lank and Earl


Biology grows on you.


For months the loving newlywed had asked his blushing bride to perform oral
sex on him, but to no avail.  His sweet entreaties never worked, for she was
simply too innocent and inexperienced to even *think* of such a thing, let
alone attempt it.  But a year of gentle persistence finally paid off, and
one night his darling nervously but lovingly performed the act.  When it was
over, she looked deeply into his eyes, blushed, and asked, "How was I,
sweetheart?"
	He looked at her and replied, "How should I know -- I'm no
cocksucker!"


	Stop!  Whoever crosseth the bridge of Death, must answer first
these questions three, ere the other side he see!

	"What is your name?"
	"Sir Brian of Bell."
	"What is your quest?"
	"I seek the Holy Grail."
	"What are four lowercase letters that are not legal flag arguments
to the Berkeley UNIX version of `ls'?"
	"I, er.... AIIIEEEEEE!"


Confucius say:
	woman who ride bicycle peddle ass around town.
	fool man climb tree to get cherries;  wise man spread limbs.
	woman who fly upside down in airplane have big crack up.
	man who live in glass house should bathe in the basement.
	man who make love on ground have piece on Earth.
	man who lose key to girlfriend's apartment get no new key.
	man who fights with wife all day, gets not peace at night.
	man who make oral love to epileptic woman may get tongue-tied.
	man with head up ass have shitty outlook on life.
	man who streak unsuited for work.
	woman who bathe in vinegar have sour puss.
	man who beat off in car have hot rod.


Life being what it is, one dreams of revenge.
		-- Paul Gauguin


	The boss returned from lunch in a good mood and called the whole staff
in to listen to a couple of jokes he had picked up.  Everybody but one girl
laughed uproariously.  "What's the matter?" grumbled the boss. "Haven't you
got a sense of humor?"
	"I don't have to laugh," she said.  "I'm leaving Friday anyway.


Glogg (a traditional Scandinavian holiday drink):
	fifth of dry red wine
	fifth of Aquavit
	1 and 1/2 inch piece of cinnamon
	10 cardamom seeds
	1 cup raisins
	4 dried figs
	1 cup blanched or flaked almonds
	a few pieces of dried orange peel
	5 cloves
	1/2 lb. sugar cubes
	Heat up the wine and hard stuff (which may be substituted with wine
for the faint of heart) in a big pot after adding all the other stuff EXCEPT
the sugar cubes.  Just when it reaches boiling, put the sugar in a wire
strainer, moisten it in the hot brew, lift it out and ignite it with a match.
Dip the sugar several times in the liquid until it is all dissolved.  Serve
hot in cups with a few raisins and almonds in each cup.
	N.B. Aquavit may be hard to find and expensive to boot.  Use it only
if you really have a deep-seated desire to be fussy, or if you are of Swedish
extraction.


INCENTIVE PROGRAM:
	The system of long and short-term rewards that a corporation uses
	to motivate its people.  Still, despite all the experimentation with
	profit sharing, stock options, and the like, the most effective
	incentive program to date seems to be "Do a good job and you get to
	keep it."


She just came in, pounced around this thing with me for a few
years, enjoyed herself, gave it a sort of beautiful quality and
left.  Excited a few men in the meantime.
		-- Patrick Macnee, reminiscing on Diana Rigg's
		   involvement in "The Avengers".


The questions remain the same.
The answers are eternally variable.


COBOL:
	Completely Over and Beyond reason Or Logic.


Everyone can be taught to sculpt: Michelangelo would have had
to be taught how not to.  So it is with the great programmers.


Remember, no matter where you go, there you are.
		-- Buckaroo Banzai (Peter Weller)
		   "The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai
		   Across The Eighth Dimension"


You own a dog, but you can only feed a cat.


When the fog came in on little cat feet last night, it left these little
muddy paw prints on the hood of my car.


There is an innocence in admiration; it is found in those to whom it
has not yet occurred that they, too, might be admired some day.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


MOUNT TAPE U1439 ON B3, NO RING


Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.


Saint Peteer was once heard to boast
That he'd had all the heavenly host:
	The Father and Son,
	And then - just for fun -
The hole in the Holy Ghost.


Driving through a Swiss city one day, Alfred Hitchcock suddenly pointed out
of the car window and said, "That is the most frightening sight I have ever
seen."  His companion was surprised to see nothing more alarming than a
priest in conversation with a little boy, his hand on the child's shoulder.
"Run, little boy," cried Hitchcock, leaning out of the car.  "Run for your
life!"


You seek to shield those you love
and you like the role of the provider.


It is better to give than to lend, and it costs about the same.


In most instances, all an argument
proves is that two people are present.


... So this is a very confusing situation, and what makes it even worse
is, our standards keep changing.  Take Playboy magazine.  Back in the
1950s, when I started reading it strictly for the articles, Playboy was
considered just about the raciest thing around, even though all it ever
showed was women's breasts.  Granted, any given one of these breasts
would have provided adequate shelter for a family of four, but the
overall effect was no more explicit than many publications we think
nothing of today, such as Sports Illustrated's Annual Nipples Poking
Through Swimsuits Issue.
		-- Dave Barry, "Pornography"


Briefcase, n.:
	A trial where the jury gets together and forms a lynching party.


This fortune is encrypted -- get your decoder rings ready!


Slaves are generally expected to sing as well as to work ... I did not, when
a slave, understand the deep meanings of those rude, and apparently incoherent
songs.  I was myself within the circle, so that I neither saw nor heard as
those without might see and hear.  They told a tale which was then altogether
beyond my feeble comprehension: they were tones, loud, long and deep,
breathing the prayer and complaint of souls boiling over with the bitterest
anguish.  Every tone was a testimony against slavery, and a prayer to God
for deliverance from chains.
		-- Frederick Douglass


National security is in your hands - guard it well.


A day without orange juice is like a day without orange juice.


You can't have your cake and let your neighbor eat it too.
		-- Ayn Rand


If A fool persists in his folly he shall become wise.
		-- William Blake


L'hazard ne favorise que l'esprit prepare.
		-- L. Pasteur


Do not rejoice in his defeat, you men,
For though the world stood up
And stopped the bastard,
The bitch that bore him is in heat again.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


Man usually avoids attributing cleverness to somebody else -- unless it
is an enemy.
		-- Albert Einstein


Die?  I should say not, dear fellow.  No Barrymore
would allow such a conventional thing to happen to him.
		-- John Barrymore's dying words


Ray's Rule of Precision:
	Measure with a micrometer.  Mark with chalk.  Cut with an axe.


Meanwhile back at the oasis, the Ay-rabs wuz busy a-eatin' their dates!


System going down at 1:45 this afternoon for disk crashing.


Vegetarians beware!  You are what you eat.


To one large turkey add one gallon of vermouth and a demijohn of Angostura
bitters.  Shake.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald, recipe for turkey cocktail


OPTIMIST:
	A man who makes a motel reservation before a blind date.


So many men and so little time.


Imagine that Cray computer decides to make a personal computer.  It has
a 150 MHz processor, 200 megabytes of RAM, 1500 megabytes of disk
storage, a screen resolution of 4096 x 4096 pixels, relies entirely on
voice recognition for input, fits in your shirt pocket and costs $300.
What's the first question that the computer community asks?

"Is it PC compatible?"


She is descended from a long line that her mother listened to.
		-- Gypsy Rose Lee


Save a mouse, eat a pussy!


Men's skin is different from women's skin.  It is usually bigger, and it
has more snakes tattooed on it.  Also, if you examine a woman's skin very
closely, inch by inch, starting at her shapely ankles, then gently tracing
the slender curve of her calves, then moving up to her ...

	[EDITOR'S NOTE: To make room for news articles about important
	 world events such as agriculture, we're going to delete the
	 next few square feet of the woman's skin.  Thank you.]

... until finally the two of you are lying there, spent, smoking your
cigarettes, and suddenly it hits you: Human skin is actually made up of
billions of tiny units of protoplasm, called "cells"!  And what is even more
interesting, the ones on the outside are all dying!  This is a fact.  Your
skin is like an aggressive modern corporation, where the older veteran cells,
who have finally worked their way to the top and obtained offices with nice
views, are constantly being shoved out the window head first, without so
much as a pension plan, by younger hotshot cells moving up from below.
		-- Dave Barry


There is a 20% chance of tomorrow.


Sam:   What do you know there, Norm?
Norm:  How to sit.  How to drink.  Want to quiz me?
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd

Sam:   Hey, how's life treating you there, Norm?
Norm:  Beats me. ...  Then it kicks me and leaves me for dead.
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd

Woody: How would a beer feel, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Pretty nervous if I was in the room.
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd


Little Fly,
Thy summer's play		If thought is life
My thoughtless hand		And strength & breath,
Has brush'd away.		And the want
				Of thought is death,
Am not I
A fly like thee?		Then am I
Or art not thou			A happy fly
A man like me?			If I live
				Or if I die.

For I dance
And drink & sing,
Till some blind hand
Shall brush my wing.
		-- William Blake, "The Fly"


The Junior God now heads the roll
In the list of heaven's peers;
He sits in the House of High Control,
And he regulates the spheres.
Yet does he wonder, do you suppose,
If, even in gods divine,
The best and wisest may not be those
Who have wallowed awhile with the swine?
		-- R. W. Service


He's dead, Jim.


Dungeons and Dragons is just a lot of Saxon Violence.


Fear is the greatest salesman.
		-- Robert Klein


Lay off the muses, it's a very tough dollar.
		-- S. J. Perelman


Two women are talking; one says to the other, "Say, weren't you dating that
cute French horn player?  What ever happened to him?"
	"Well," replies her friend, we're still seeing each other, but,
I must admit, we've had some problems."
	"Problems?  What's wrong?"
	"You see," says the second woman, "every time he kisses me, he
wants to shove his fist up my ass."


If you're right 90% of the time, why quibble about the remaining 3%?


Evil is that which one believes of others.  It is a sin to believe evil
of others, but it is seldom a mistake.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Dave Mack:	"Your stupidity, Allen, is simply not up to par."
Allen Gwinn:	"Yours is."


Johnny Carson's Definition:
	The smallest interval of time known to man is that which occurs
	in Manhattan between the traffic signal turning green and the
	taxi driver behind you blowing his horn.


The average, healthy, well-adjusted adult gets up at seven-thirty in
the morning feeling just terrible.
		-- Jean Kerr


	The only real game in the world, I think, is baseball...
You've got to start way down, at the bottom, when you're six or seven years
old. You can't wait until you're fifteen or sixteen.  You've got to let it
grow up with you, and if you're successful and you try hard enough, you're
bound to come out on top, just like these boys have come to the top now.
		-- Babe Ruth, in his 1948 farewell speech at Yankee Stadium


He is a man capable of turning any colour into grey.
		-- John LeCarre


The State of California has no business subsidizing intellectual
curiosity.
		-- Ronald Reagan


Stop me, before I kill again!


Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
		-- W. C. Fields


A man fell off a mountain and, as he fell, saw a branch and grabbed for it.
By superhuman effort he was able to get a precarious grip on it.  As he
was hanging there for dear life, he looked up and cried out,
	"Is anybody there?"
A deep majestic voice answered,
	"Yes my son, I am here.  What do you need?"
	"Help me!!" cried the man.
	"I will help you", said the voice, "Just let go of the branch and
you'll be safe.  All you have to do is trust."
The man thought for a moment and cried out:
	"Anybody ELSE up there?"


...why should you waste a single moment of *your* life seeming to be something
you don't want to be?  Lord, that's so simple.  If you hate your job, quit it.
If your friends are tedious, go out and find new friends.  You are queer, you
lucky fool, and that makes you one of life's buccaneers, free from the clutter
of 2000 years of Judeo-Christian sermonizing.  Stop feeling sorry for yourself
and start raising your sails.  You haven't a moment to lose.
		-- Edmund Carlevale


Angels we have heard on High
Tell us to go out and Buy.
		-- Tom Lehrer


Hear about...
	the fun-loving young lady who insists she won't even consider
	marriage until she's gotten some experience under her belt?


Sam:  What do you say, Norm?
Norm: Any cheap, tawdry thing that'll get me a beer.
		-- Cheers, Birth, Death, Love and Rice

Sam:  What do you say to a beer, Normie?
Norm: Hiya, sailor.  New in town?
		-- Cheers, Woody Goes Belly Up

Norm: [coming in from the rain] Evening, everybody.
All:  Norm!  (Norman.)
Sam:  Still pouring, Norm?
Norm: That's funny, I was about to ask you the same thing.
		-- Cheers, Diane's Nightmare


Don't guess - check your security regulations.


This fortune was brought to you by the people at Hewlett-Packard.


If you go parachuting, and your parachute doesn't open, and your friends are
all watching you fall, I think a funny gag would be to pretend you were
swimming.
		-- Jack Handey


The Buddha, the Godhead, resides quite as comfortably in the circuits of a
digital computer or the gears of a cycle transmission as he does at the top
of a mountain or in the petals of a flower.  To think otherwise is to demean
the Buddha -- which is to demean oneself.
		-- Robert Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"


Regnant populi.


When a woman marries again it is because she detested her first husband.
When a man marries again, it is because he adored his first wife.
		-- Wilde


Bureau Termination, Law of:
	When a government bureau is scheduled to be phased out,
	the number of employees in that bureau will double within
	12 months after the decision is made.


The qotc (quote of the con) was Liz's:
	"My brain is paged out to my liver"


Something better...

 1 (obvious): Excuse me.  Is that your nose or did a bus park on your face?
 2 (meteorological): Everybody take cover.  She's going to blow.
 3 (fashionable): You know, you could de-emphasize your nose if you wore
	something larger.  Like ... Wyoming.
 4 (personal): Well, here we are.  Just the three of us.
 5 (punctual): Alright gentlemen.  Your nose was on time but you were fifteen
	minutes late.
 6 (envious): Oooo, I wish I were you.  Gosh.  To be able to smell your
	own ear.
 7 (naughty): Pardon me, Sir.  Some of the ladies have asked if you wouldn't
	mind putting that thing away.
 8 (philosophical): You know.  It's not the size of a nose that's important.
	It's what's in it that matters.
 9 (humorous): Laugh and the world laughs with you.  Sneeze and its goodbye
	Seattle.
10 (commercial): Hi, I'm Earl Schibe and I can paint that nose for $39.95.
11 (polite): Ah.  Would you mind not bobbing your head.  The orchestra keeps
	changing tempo.
12 (melodic): Everybody! "He's got the whole world in his nose."
		-- Steve Martin, "Roxanne"


	This guy is taking a leak in a public men's room when a man enters
with his arms held out from his sides, bent at the elbows with his hands
dangling awkwardly, and comes over to him.
	"Would you do me a favor and unzip my fly?" he asks.
	Figuring the man to be a poor cripple, perhaps an accident victim,
the guy obliges, not without a flush of embarrassment when the man next
requests that he take out his prick and hold it in the appropriate position.
	"Shake it off" is the next instruction, then "zip me up," and the
guy follows orders, wincing at his own embarrassment and at the shame of
being so helpless.
	"Say, thanks," says the man, flouncing to the door.  "I can't do a
*thing* 'til my nails dry!"


When you have to kill a man it costs nothing to be polite.
		-- Winston Churchill, on formal declarations of war


They told me you had proven it		When they discovered our results
About a month before.			Their hair began to curl
The proof was valid, more or less	Instead of understanding it
But rather less than more.		We'd run the thing through PRL.

He sent them word that we would try	Don't tell a soul about all this
To pass where they had failed		For it must ever be
And after we were done, to them		A secret, kept from all the rest
The new proof would be mailed.		Between yourself and me.

My notion was to start again
Ignoring all they'd done
We quickly turned it into code
To see if it would run.


The first Great Steward, Parrafin the Climber, was employed in King
Chloroplast's kitchen as second scullery boy when the old King met a
tragic death.  He apparently fell backward by accident on a dozen salad
forks.  Simultaneously the true heir, his son Carotene, mysteriously
fled the city, complaining of some sort of plot and a lot of
threatening notes left on his breakfast tray.  At the time, this looked
suspicious what with his father's death, and Carotene was suspected of
foul play.  Then the rest of the King's relatives began to drop dead
one after the other in an odd fashion.  Some were found strangled with
dishrags and some succumbed to food poisoning.  A few were found
drowned in the soup vats, and one was attacked by assailants unknown
and beaten to death with a pot roast.  At least three appear to have
thrown themselves backward on salad forks, perhaps in a noble gesture
of grief over the King's untimely end.  Finally there was no one left
in Minas Troney who was either eligible or willing to wear the accursed
crown, and the rule of Twodor was up for grabs.  The scullery slave
Parrafin bravely accepted the Stewardship of Twodor until that day when
a lineal descendant of Carotene's returns to reclaim his rightful
throne, conquer Twodor's enemies, and revamp the postal system.
		-- Harvard Lampoon, "Bored of the Rings"


Your program is sick!  Shoot it and put it out of its memory.


I don't have an eating problem.  I eat.
I get fat.  I buy new clothes.  No problem.


Disclaimer: Any resemblance between the above views and those of my
employer, my terminal, or the view out my window are purely
coincidental.  Any resemblance between the above and my own views is
non-deterministic.  The question of the existence of views in the
absence of anyone to hold them is left as an exercise for the reader.
The question of the existence of the reader is left as an exercise for
the second god coefficient.  (A discussion of non-orthogonal,
non-integral polytheism is beyond the scope of this article.)


The sixth sheik's sixth sheep's sick.
		-- [just say that five times...]


Peter Wemm Murphy Field, n.:
	A field of abnormally frequent and severe Murphy's Law events
emanating from Mr. Peter Wemm.  The field was first discovered and
identified in Denmark during the initial FreeBSD SMP development.
Mr. Wemm was residing in Australia at the time.


It's ten o'clock; do you know where your processes are?


I am two fools, I know, for loving, and for saying so.
		-- John Donne


In Germany they first came for the Communists and I didn't speak up because
I wasn't a Communist.  Then they came for the Jews, and I didn't speak up
because I wasn't a Jew.  Then they came for the trade unionists, and I
didn't speak up because I wasn't a trade unionist.  Then they came for the
Catholics, and I didn't speak up because I was a Protestant.  Then they came
for me -- and by that time no one was left to speak up.
		-- Pastor Martin Niemoller


For a light heart lives long.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"


The buffalo isn't as dangerous as everyone makes him out to be.
Statistics prove that in the United States more Americans are killed in
automobile accidents than are killed by buffalo.
		-- Art Buchwald


The two men feigned friendship but secretly hated each other's guts and took
great pleasure in giving one another the needle on any and all occasions.
This particular evening they met, quite by accident, at a popular bar.
The conversation started innocently enough; then one, with sudden inspiration,
ran his hand over the other's bald head and exclaimed,
	"By God, Fred, that feels just like my wife's ass!"
The other ran his own hand over his head and nonchalantly retorted,
	"Well, I'll be damned, Jim, so it does, so it does!"


The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings;
the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of misery.
		-- Winston Churchill


It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one.


You're a good example of why some animals eat their young.
		-- Jim Samuels to a heckler

Ah, yes.  I remember my first beer.
		-- Steve Martin to a heckler

When your IQ rises to 28, sell.
		-- Professor Irwin Corey to a heckler


	"Your son still sliding down the banisters?"
	"We wound barbed wire around them."
	"That stop him?"
	"No, but it sure slowed him up."


I may appear to be just sitting here like a bucket of tapioca, but
don't let appearances fool you.  I'm approaching old age ... at the
speed of light.
		-- Prof. Cosmo Fishhawk


A beachcomber of 25 had been shipwrecked on a desert island since the age of
six.  One day, while in search of food, he stumbled across a beautifully
sensuous female lying on the beach nearly naked; she'd been washed ashore from
another shipwreck that morning.  After they got over their initial surprise
at seeing each other, the girl wanted to know how long he had been alone on
this barren bit of land.
	"Almost twenty years," he answered.
	"Twenty years!" she exclaimed.  "But how ever did you survive?"
	"Oh, I fish, dig for clams, and gather berries and coconuts," he
replied.
	"And what do you do for sex?" she asked.
	"What's that?"  He looked puzzled.
	Whereupon the maiden pulled the innocent young man down onto the sand
beside her and proceeded to demonstrate.  After they had finished, she asked
how he had enjoyed it.
	"Great!" was the reply.  "But look what it did to my clamdigger!"


A baby is God's opinion that the world should go on.
		-- Carl Sandburg


It's always a long day; 86400 doesn't fit into a short.


I also believe that academic freedom should protect the right of a professor
or student to advocate Marxism, socialism, communism, or any other minority
viewpoint -- no matter how distasteful to the majority.
		-- Richard M. Nixon

What are our schools for if not indoctrination against Communism?
		-- Richard M. Nixon


The only way I can lose this election is if I'm caught in
bed with a dead girl or a live boy.
		-- Edwin Edwards, Louisian governor


But has any little atom,
	While a-sittin' and a-splittin',
Ever stopped to think or CARE
	That E = m c**2 ?


My advice to you, my violent friend, is to seek out gold and sit on it.
		-- The Dragon to Grendel, in John Gardner's "Grendel"


May you die in bed at 95, shot by a jealous spouse.


A man's father is very, very old, and the son can't afford very good treatment
for him, so he's in a rather shabby, run-down nursing home.  One day the son
wins a lottery -- and the first thing he does is install his father in the best
old age home that money can buy.
	On the first day the old man is sitting watching TV, and he starts
to lean a little bit to one side.  Right away a nurse runs over and gently
straightens the old man.  A little later he's eating dinner, and when he
finishes, he begins to tip a little bit to one side.  Another nurse runs
over and gently pushes him upright again.
	The son visits his father later that evening and asks him how he's
being treated.
	"It's a wonderful place, son," replies the father.  "I really like
it here, gourmet food, color TV's in every room, the service is unbelievable,
there's just one little problem."
	"What's that, Dad?"
	"They won't let you fart."


I'm fed up to the ears with old men dreaming up wars for young men to die in.
		-- George McGovern


Never leave anything to chance;
make sure all your crimes are premeditated.


Populus vult decipi.
[The people like to be deceived.]


The root of all superstition is that men
observe when a thing hits, but not when it misses.
		-- Francis Bacon


Lady Luck brings added income today.
Lady friend takes it away tonight.


The trouble with some women is that they get all excited about nothing --
and then marry him.
		-- Cher


My sister opened a computer store in Hawaii.
She sells C shells by the seashore.


Got a dictionary?  I want to know the meaning of life.


Steinbach's Guideline for Systems Programming:
	Never test for an error condition you don't know how to
handle.


