The best thing about being bald is, that, when unexpected
company arrives, all you have to do is straighten your tie.


There is no such thing as pure pleasure;
some anxiety always goes with it.


Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy.
		-- Charlie McCarthy


Immanuel Kant was a real pissant who was very rarely stable.
Heidegger, Heidegger was a boozy beggar who could think you under the table.
David Hume could out-consume Schopenhauer and Hegel,
And Wittgenstein was a beery swine who was just as schloshed as Schlegel.
There's nothing Nietzsche couldn't teach ya 'bout the raising of the wrist.
Socrates, himself, was permanently pissed!

John Stuart Mill, of his own free will,
On half a pint of shandy was particularly ill.
Plato, they say, could stick it away, half a crate of whiskey every day.
Aristotle, Aristotle was a bugger for the bottle,
Hobbes was fond of his dram,
And Rene Descartes was a drunken fart: "I drink, therefore I am".
Yes, Socrates, himself, is particularly missed;
A lovely little thinker but a bugger when he's pissed!
		-- Monty Python, "The Philosopher's Drinking Song"


I haven't lost my mind; I know exactly where I left it.


What I want is all of the power and none of the responsibility.


Tis man's perdition to be safe, when for the truth he ought to die.


Brooke's Law:
	Whenever a system becomes completely defined, some damn fool
	discovers something which either abolishes the system or
	expands it beyond recognition.


You are destined to become the commandant of the
fighting men of the department of transportation.


There was an old Indian belief that by making love on the hide of
their favorite animal, one could guarantee the health and prosperity
of the offspring conceived thereupon.  And so it goes that one Indian
couple made love on a buffalo hide.  Nine months later, they were
blessed with a healthy baby son.  Yet another couple huddled together
on the hide of a deer and they too were blessed with a very healthy
baby son.  But a third couple, whose favorite animal was a hippopotamus,
were blessed with not one, but TWO very healthy baby sons at the conclusion
of the nine month interval.  All of which proves the old theorem that:
The sons of the squaw of the hippopotamus are equal to the sons of
the squaws of the other two hides.


I remember Ulysses well...  Left one day for the post office
to mail a letter, met a blonde named Circe on the streetcar,
and didn't come back for 20 years.


Some people have parts that are so private
they themselves have no knowledge of them.


People humiliating a salami!


Men were real men, women were real women, and small, furry creatures
from Alpha Centauri were REAL small, furry creatures from Alpha Centauri.
Spirits were brave, men boldly split infinitives that no man had split
before.  Thus was the Empire forged.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


There's a couple of million dollars worth of baseball talent on the loose,
ready for the big leagues, yet unsigned by any major league.  There are
pitchers who would win 20 games a season ... and outfielders [who] could
hit .350, infielders who could win recognition as stars, and there's at
least one catcher who at this writing is probably superior to Bill Dickey,
Josh Gibson.  Only one thing is keeping them out of the big leagues, the
pigmentation of their skin.  They happen to be colored.
		-- Shirley Povich, 1941


The greatest of faults is to be conscious of none.


He's learned about 50% of the rules of sex and conversation;
he knows how to stick it in, but not how to stick it out.


San Francisco isn't what it used to be, and it never was.
		-- Herb Caen


A Hen Brooding Kittens
	A friend informs us that he saw at the Novato ranch, Marin county,
a few days since, a hen actually brooding and otherwise caring for three
kittens!  The gentleman upon whose premises this strange event is transpiring
says the hen adopted the kittens when they were but a few days old, and that
she has devoted them her undivided care for several weeks past.  The young
felines are now of respectable size, but they nevertheless follow the hen at
her cluckings, and are regularly brooded at night beneath her wings.
		-- Sacramento Daily Union, July 2, 1861


The 357.73 Theory --
	Auditors always reject expense accounts
	with a bottom line divisible by 5.


Meantime, in the slums below Ronnie's Ranch, Cynthia feels as if some one
has made voodoo boxen of her and her favorite backplanes. On this fine
moonlit night, some horrible persona has been jabbing away at, dragging
magnets over, and surging these voodoo boxen.  Fortunately, they seem to
have gotten a bit bored and fallen asleep, for it looks like Cynthia may
get to go home.  However, she has made note to quickly put together a totem
of sweaty, sordid static straps, random bits of wire, flecks of once meaningful
oxide, bus grant cards, gummy worms, and some bits of old pdp backplane to
hang above the machine room.  This totem must be blessed by the old and wise
venerable god of unibus at once, before the idolatization of vme, q and pc
bus drive him to bitter revenge.  Alas, if this fails, and the voodoo boxen
aren't destroyed, there may be more than worms in the apple. Next, the
arrival of voodoo optico transmitigational magneto killer paramecium, capable
of teleporting from cable to cable, screen to screen, ear to ear and hoof
to mouth...


	A bear and a rabbit are taking a crap in the woods.  The bear looks
over at the rabbit and asks, "Say, does shit ever stick to your fur?"
	"No."
	So the bear wiped his ass with the rabbit.


To have died once is enough.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)


You need more time; and you probably always will.


	We were somewhere around Barstow on the edge of the desert when the
drugs began to take hold.  I remember saying something like "I feel a bit
lightheaded; maybe you should drive ..."  And suddenly there was a terrible
roar all around us and the sky was full of what looked like huge bats, all
swooping and screeching and diving around the car, which was going about a
hundred miles an hour with the top down to Las Vegas.  And a voice was
screaming: "Holy Jesus!  What are these goddamn animals?"
	Then it was quiet again.  My attorney had taken his shirt off and
was pouring beer on his chest, to facilitate the tanning process.  "What the
hell are you yelling about?" he muttered, staring up at the sun with his
eyes closed and covered with wraparound Spanish sunglasses.  "Never mind,"
I said.  "It's your turn to drive."  I hit the brakes and aimed the Great
Red Shark toward the shoulder of the highway.  No point in mentioning the
bats, I thought.  The poor bastard will see them soon enough.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas:
		   A Savage Journey to the Heart of the American Dream"


Great minds run in great circles.


Include me out.


Now a Jew, in the dictionary, is one who is descended from the ancient
tribes of Judea ... but you and I know what a Jew is -- one who killed
Our Lord ... A lot of people say to me "Why did you kill Christ?"  What
can I say?  It was an accident.  It was one of those parties that got out
of hand, you know...  We killed him because he didn't want to become
a doctor, that's why we killed him.
		-- Lenny Bruce


Fraud is the homage that force pays to reason.
		-- Charles Curtis, "A Commonplace Book"


No man is an island if he's on at least one mailing list.


All progress is based upon a universal innate desire of every organism
to live beyond its income.
		-- Samuel Butler, "Notebooks"


Oh this age!  How tasteless and ill-bred it is.
		-- Gaius Valerius Catullus


If people have to choose between freedom and sandwiches, they
will take sandwiches.
		-- Lord Boyd-orr

Eats first, morals after.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "The Threepenny Opera"


An expert is one who knows more and more about less
and less until he knows absolutely nothing about everything.


You should be a hemorrhoid, you're such a pain in the ass.


I'm not laughing behind your back; everything funny is in front!
		-- Rodney Dangerfield's wife


Hang gliders come down very slowly.


Do not think by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.


There comes a time to stop being angry.
		-- A Small Circle of Friends


	A proper elderly English couple visiting Australia decided to hire a
car to take a look at the outback.  "We know it's rough country, but it's safe
and decent, isn't it?" the husband inquired of the rental-agency manager.
Upon being assured that it was, the couple drove off.
	Later that day, they returned, upset and angry.  "You said it was
decent country," the Englishwoman upbraided the rental agent, "but we hadn't
driven too far when we saw a man in a field copulating with a kangaroo!"
	"And not too long after that," complained her husband, "a one-legged
aborigine leaning against a tree by the side of the road grinningly waved
at us with one hand while he brazenly masturbated himself with the other!"
	"Guv'nor," responded the Aussie, "yer wouldn't expect a poor bugger
like that, with only one leg, to catch a 'roo, would you?"


Your boyfriend takes chocolate from strangers.


Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.


The Reverend Henry Ward Beecher
Called a hen a most elegant creature.
	The hen, pleased with that,
	Laid an egg in his hat --
And thus did the hen reward Beecher.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


I dread success.  To have succeeded is to have finished one's business
on earth, like the male spider, who is killed by the female the moment
he has succeeded in his courtship.  I like a state of continual
becoming, with a goal in front and not behind.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Q:	What's the difference between a duck and an elephant?
A:	You can't get down off an elephant.


You should be a hemorrhoid, you're such a pain in the ass.


How do I love thee?  My accumulator overflows.


QOTD:
	"I've just learned about his illness.  Let's hope it's nothing
	trivial."


Yes me, I got a bottle in front of me.
And Jimmy has a frontal lobotomy.
Just different ways to kill the pain the same.
But I'd rather have a bottle in front of me,
Than to have to have a frontal lobotomy.
I might be drunk but at least I'm not insane.
		-- Randy Ansley M.D. (Dr. Rock)


I've tried several varieties of sex.  The conventional position makes
me claustrophobic, and the others either give me a stiff neck or lockjaw.
		-- Tallulah Bankhead


Every silver lining has a cloud around it.


Ask not for whom the telephone bell tolls ...
if thou art in the bathtub, it tolls for thee.


	On the day of his anniversary, Joe was frantically shopping
around for a present for his wife.  He knew what she wanted, a
grandfather clock for the living room, but he found the right one
almost impossible to find.  Finally, after many hours of searching, Joe
found just the clock he wanted, but the store didn't deliver.  Joe,
desperate, paid the shopkeeper, hoisted the clock onto his back, and
staggered out onto the sidewalk.  On the way home, he passed a bar.
Just as he reached the door, a drunk stumbled out and crashed into Joe,
sending himself, Joe, and the clock into the gutter.  Murphy's law
being in effect, the clock ended up in roughly a thousand pieces.
	"You stupid drunk!" screamed Joe, jumping up from the
wreckage.  "Why don't you look where the hell you're going!"
	With quiet dignity the drunk stood up somewhat unsteadily and
dusted himself off.  "And why don't you just wear a wristwatch like a
normal person?"


Paul's Law:
	In America, it's not how much an item costs, it's how much you
	save.


When the blind lead the blind they will both fall over the cliff.
		-- Chinese proverb


There is no better way of exercising the imagination than the study of law.
No poet ever interpreted nature as freely as a lawyer interprets truth.
		-- Jean Giraudoux, "Tiger at the Gates"


Neither spread the germs of gossip nor encourage others to do so.


COBOL is for morons.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


There is no cure for birth and death other than to enjoy the interval.
		-- George Santayana


Q:	What do a blonde and your computer have in common?
A:	You don't know how much either of them mean to you until
	they go down on you.

Q:	What's the advantage to being married to a blonde?
A:	You can park in the handicapped zone.

Q:	Why did the blonde get so excited after she finished her jigsaw
	puzzle in only 6 months?
A:	Because on the box it said "From 2-4 years".


Q:	Why do men die before their wives?
A:	They want to.


No evil can happen to a good man.
		-- Plato


Rube Walker: "Hey, Yogi, what time is it?"
Yogi Berra:  "You mean now?"


In bed Dr. Oscar McPugh
Spoke of Spengler -- and ate crackers too.
	His wife said, "Oh, stuff
	That philosophy guff
Up your ass, dear, and throw me a screw!"


If I had a formula for bypassing trouble, I would not pass it around.
Trouble creates a capacity to handle it.  I don't say embrace trouble; that's
as bad as treating it as an enemy.  But I do say meet it as a friend, for
you'll see a lot of it and you had better be on speaking terms with it.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.


Do you know, I think that Dr. Swift was silly to laugh about Laputa.
I believe it is a mistake to make a mock of people, just because they
think.  There are ninety thousand people in this world who do not
think, for every one who does, and these people hate the thinkers
like poison.  Even if some thinkers are fanciful, it is wrong to make
fun of them for it.  Better to think about cucumbers even, than not
to think at all.
		-- T. H. White


When you meet a master swordsman,
show him your sword.
When you meet a man who is not a poet,
do not show him your poem.
		-- Rinzai, ninth century Zen master


Credit ... is the only enduring testimonial to man's confidence in man.
		-- James Blish


IOT trap -- core dumped


You should never bet against anything in science at odds of more than
about 10^12 to 1.
		-- Ernest Rutherford


Excessive login or logout messages are a sure sign of senility.


Worst Response To A Crisis, 1985:
	From a readers' Q and A column in TV GUIDE: "If we get involved
	in a nuclear war, would the electromagnetic pulses from
	exploding bombs damage my videotapes?"


A computer scientist is someone who fixes things that aren't broken.


All the passions make us commit faults; love makes us commit the most
ridiculous ones.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


When it all boils down to the essence of truth one must live by a dog's
rule of life: if you can't eat it or fuck it, piss on it!


Fine day for friends.
So-so day for you.


An elderly couple were flying to their Caribbean hideaway on a chartered plane
when a terrible storm forced them to land on an uninhabited island.  When
several days passed without rescue, the couple and their pilot sank into a
despondent silence. Finally, the woman asked her husband if he had made his
usual pledge to the United Way Campaign.
	"We're running out of food and water and you ask *that*?" her husband
barked.  "If you really need to know, I not only pledged a half million but
I've already paid them half of it."
	"You owe the U.W.C. a *quarter million*?" the woman exclaimed
euphorically.  "Don't worry, Harry, they'll find us!  They'll find us!"


In outer space, nobody can hear you fart.


Modesty: the gentle art of enhancing your charm by pretending
	not to be aware of it.
		-- Oliver Herford


I think we can all agree that there is not enough common courtesy shown
... HEY!  PAY ATTENTION WHEN I'M TALKING TO YOU DAMMIT!  I said I think
we can all agree that there is not enough common courtesy shown today.
When we take the time to be courteous to each other, we find that we
are happier and less likely to engage in nuclear war.  This point was
driven home by the recent summit talks, where Nancy Reagan and Raisa
Gorbachev, each of whose husband thinks the other's husband is vermin,
were able to sit down at a high-level tea and engage in courteous
conversation ...
		-- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"


It's the opinion of some that crops could be grown on the moon.  Which raises
the fear that it may not be long before we're paying somebody not to.
		-- Franklin P. Jones


You see things; and you say "Why?"
But I dream things that never were; and I say "Why not?"
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "Back to Methuselah"
		   [No, it wasn't John F. Kennedy.  Ed.]


People don't usually make the same mistake twice -- they make it three
times, four time, five times...


Nature makes boys and girls lovely to look upon so they can be
tolerated until they acquire some sense.
		-- William Phelps


You never know what is enough until you know what is more than enough.
		-- William Blake


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(13) To dictatorships, peace means the absence of opposition.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Ogden's Law:
	The sooner you fall behind, the more time you have to catch up.


Gold, n.:
	A soft malleable metal relatively scarce in distribution.  It
	is mined deep in the earth by poor men who then give it to rich
	men who immediately bury it back in the earth in great prisons,
	although gold hasn't done anything to them.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Man:

 1. A beer will never invite friends home for dinner without calling.
 2. A beer won't think less of you if you can't name the Steelers'
	quarterback.
 3. A beer won't even act amazed if you can.
 4. You don't have to let a beer win.
 5. Just because you have dinner with a beer doesn't mean you have to
	sleep with it, too.
 6. A beer helps with the housework.
 7. A beer will never fumble with your bra.
 8. A beer will never take the newspaper apart before you've read it.
 9. A beer doesn't want you to raise its children.
10. A beer wouldn't mind if you wanted it to wear a condom.


There are three kinds of people: men, women, and unix.


The Poet Whose Badness Saved His Life
	The most important poet in the seventeenth century was George
Wither.  Alexander Pope called him "wretched Wither" and Dryden said of his
verse that "if they rhymed and rattled all was well".
	In our own time, "The Dictionary of National Biography" notes that his
work "is mainly remarkable for its mass, fluidity and flatness.  It usually
lacks any genuine literary quality and often sinks into imbecile doggerel".
	High praise, indeed, and it may tempt you to savour a typically
rewarding stanza: It is taken from "I loved a lass" and is concerned with
the higher emotions.
		She would me "Honey" call,
		She'd -- O she'd kiss me too.
		But now alas!  She's left me
		Falero, lero, loo.
	Among other details of his mistress which he chose to immortalize
was her prudent choice of footwear.
		The fives did fit her shoe.
	In 1639 the great poet's life was endangered after his capture by
the Royalists during the English Civil War.  When Sir John Denham, the
Royalist poet, heard of Wither's imminent execution, he went to the King and
begged that his life be spared.  When asked his reason, Sir John replied,
"Because that so long as Wither lived, Denham would not be accounted the
worst poet in England."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Another nun joke!!!
	You see, three nuns were walking down the street, when suddenly
this flasher jumped out in front of them and opened his trench coat,
exposing his all to the sisters.  Well, two of the nuns had strokes right
there, but the third nun wouldn't touch it.


Television -- the longest amateur night in history.
		-- Robert Carson


In childhood a woman must be subject to her father; in youth to her
husband; when her husband is dead, to her sons.  A woman must never
be free of subjugation.
		-- The Hindu Code of Manu


If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate.


	A man went to a doctor to have his penis enlarged.  Well, this
particular procedure involved splicing a baby elephant's trunk onto the
man's penis.  Overjoyed, the man went out with his best girl to a very
fancy restaurant.  After cocktails, the man's penis crept out of his pants,
felt around the table, grabbed a hard roll and quickly disappeared under
the tablecloth.  The girl was startled and exclaimed, "What was that?"
	Suddenly the penis came back, took another hard roll and just as
quickly disappeared.  The girl was silent for a moment, then finally said,
"I don't believe I saw what I think I just saw... can you do that again?"
	With a bit of an uncomfortable smile the man replied, "Honey, I'd
like to, but I don't think my ass can take another hard roll!"


"Wrong," said Renner.

"The tactful way," Rod said quietly, "the polite way to disagree with
the Senator would be to say, `That turns out not to be the case.'"


	On the day of his anniversary, Joe was frantically shopping
around for a present for his wife.  He knew what she wanted, a
grandfather clock for the living room, but he found the right one
almost impossible to find.  Finally, after many hours of searching, Joe
found just the clock he wanted, but the store didn't deliver.  Joe,
desperate, paid the shopkeeper, hoisted the clock onto his back, and
staggered out onto the sidewalk.  On the way home, he passed a bar.
Just as he reached the door, a drunk stumbled out and crashed into Joe,
sending himself, Joe, and the clock into the gutter.  Murphy's law
being in effect, the clock ended up in roughly a thousand pieces.
	"You stupid drunk!" screamed Joe, jumping up from the
wreckage.  "Why don't you look where the hell you're going!"
	With quiet dignity the drunk stood up somewhat unsteadily and
dusted himself off.  "And why don't you just wear a wristwatch like a
normal person?"


There will always be beer cans rolling on the floor of your car when
the boss asks for a lift home from the office.


The only really decent thing to do behind a person's back is pat it.


First Law of Socio-Genetics:
	Celibacy is not hereditary.


Modesty is a vastly overrated virtue.
		-- J. K. Galbraith


I don't care who does the electing as long as I get to do the
nominating.
		-- Boss Tweed


Personifiers of the world, unite!
You have nothing to lose but Mr. Dignity!
		-- Bernadette Bosky


Diplomacy is the art of letting the other party have things your way.
		-- Daniele Vare


There's so much to say but your eyes keep interrupting me.


How doth the VAX's C-compiler
	Improve its object code.
And even as we speak does it
	Increase the system load.

How patiently it seems to run
	And spit out error flags,
While users, with frustration, all
	Tear all their clothes to rags.


Alimony is a system by which, when two people make a mistake, one of
them keeps paying for it.
		-- Peggy Joyce


Said a lecherous fellow named Shea,
When his prick wouldn't rise for a lay,
	"You must seize it, and squeeze it,
	And tease it, and please it,
For Rome wasn't built in a day."


You know it's going to be a long day when you get up, shave and shower,
start to get dressed and your shoes are still warm.
		-- Dean Webber


