Nolo contendere:
	A legal term meaning: "I didn't do it, judge, and I'll never do
	it again."


A drunk was sitting at the end of the bar in a popular singles' place,
watching a young, good-looking man working his way through the women.  The
guy didn't appear to be having much luck, and he was only spending a few
moments with each woman.  As he worked his way closer, while he couldn't
hear what the young man was saying, he realized that the women were somewhat
shocked at his approach.  Finally, the man approaches a pretty brunette and
they hit it off immediately.  After a bit of quiet conversation, she handed
the young man her hotel key and they started off for the elevators.  As they
passed the drunk, he stopped the lucky one and asked him what his method was.
	"Well," the man replied, "It's simple.  You say 'Tickle your ass
with a feather?'  If she sounds interested, you take it from there.  If she
sounds angry, you smile and say 'Typically nasty weather.'"
	The drunk says "Ohhhhh, got it, I got it!" and walks over to a woman
at the end of the bar to try out his new approach.  Getting her attention,
he smiles and says "Fuck me!"
	"What?!?!?" she screams.
	"Raining like hell, isn't it?"


Emerson's Law of Contrariness:
	Our chief want in life is somebody who shall make us do
	what we can.  Having found them, we shall then hate them
	for it.


You are so boring that when I see you my feet go to sleep.


She was a farmer's daughter but she couldn't keep her calves together.


Someday we'll look back on this moment and plow into a parked car.
		-- Evan Davis


I'd love to go out with you, but the man on television told me to stay
tuned.


I'd never cry if I did find
	A blue whale in my soup...
Nor would I mind a porcupine
	Inside a chicken coop.
Yes life is fine when things combine,
	Like ham in beef chow mein...
But lord, this time I think I mind,
	They've put acid in my rain.
		-- Milo Bloom


The little town that time forgot,
Where all the women are strong,
The men are good-looking,
And the children above-average.
		-- Prairie Home Companion


Once Law was sitting on the bench
	And Mercy knelt a-weeping.
"Clear out!" he cried, "disordered wench!
	Nor come before me creeping.
Upon your knees if you appear,
'Tis plain you have no standing here."

Then Justice came.  His Honor cried:
	"YOUR states? -- Devil seize you!"
"Amica curiae," she replied --
	"Friend of the court, so please you."
"Begone!" he shouted -- "There's the door --
I never saw your face before!"
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The Buddha, the Godhead, resides quite as comfortably in the circuits of a
digital computer or the gears of a cycle transmission as he does at the top
of a mountain or in the petals of a flower.  To think otherwise is to demean
the Buddha -- which is to demean oneself.
		-- Robert Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"


And as we stand on the edge of darkness
Let our chant fill the void
That others may know

	In the land of the night
	The ship of the sun
	Is drawn by
	The grateful dead.
		-- Tibetan "Book of the Dead," ca. 4000 BC.


Good girls go to heaven, bad girls go everywhere.


Kennedy's Market Theorem:
	Given enough inside information and unlimited credit,
	you've got to go broke.


Acquaintance, n.:
	A person whom we know well enough to borrow from but not well
	enough to lend to.  A degree of friendship called slight when the
	object is poor or obscure, and intimate when he is rich or famous.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Space is to place as eternity is to time.
		-- Joseph Joubert


Gossip, n.:
	Hearing something you like about someone you don't.
		-- Earl Wilson


Jones' First Law:
	Anyone who makes a significant contribution to any field of
	endeavor, and stays in that field long enough, becomes an
	obstruction to its progress -- in direct proportion to the
	importance of their original contribution.


Let the meek inherit the earth -- they have it coming to them.
		-- James Thurber


Campus sidewalks never exist as the straightest line between two
points.
		-- M. M. Johnston


Certainly there are things in life that money can't buy,
But it's very funny --
did you ever try buying them without money?
		-- Ogden Nash


Van Roy's Law:
	Honesty is the best policy - there's less competition.

Van Roy's Truism:
	Life is a whole series of circumstances beyond your control.


He thinks the Gettysburg Address is where Lincoln lived.
		-- Wanda, "A Fish Called Wanda"


In order to discover who you are, first learn who everybody else is;
you're what's left.


Ever notice that the word "therapist" breaks down into "the rapist"?
Simple coincidence?
Maybe...


Nasrudin walked into a shop one day, and the owner came forward to serve
him.  Nasrudin said, "First things first.  Did you see me walk into your
shop?"
	"Of course."
	"Have you ever seen me before?"
	"Never."
	"Then how do you know it was me?"


System going down at 5 this afternoon to install scheduler bug.


If you can believe ten impossible things before breakfast, then you
should join

		THE CHURCH OF COUNTERFACTUAL BELIEF

The Church of Counterfactual Belief has been set up to cater to all who
don't allow demonstrable truth to get in the way of their beliefs.  In
addition to creation science and the flatness of the earth, the
following beliefs have been certified by Pope Duane as Church dogma:

    --  That there is a hole in the Earth at the North Pole from which
	UFOs come.
    --  That pi equals precisely 3.000.
    --  That sex can be enjoyed only by blacks and homosexuals.
    --  That Billy Joe Wilson (Hoopla, Miss.) has successfully squared
	the circle.
    --  That Harry Truman is still president, and doing a fine job.
    --  That pi equals precisely 22/7.

Several other important counterfactual beliefs are presently being
studied, including Reaganomics, A.I., and that the moon landings were
done in a Hollywood special effects studio.  These will be the subject
of a forthcoming Papal Bull ...


Morris left for a two-day business trip to Chicago.  He was only a few
blocks from his house, when he realized that he had left the airplane
tickets on his bureau top.  He returned and quietly entered the house.
His wife, in her skimpiest negligee, was standing at the sink washing
the breakfast dishes.  She looked so inviting that he tiptoed up behind
her, reached out, and squeezed her breast.
	"Leave only one quart of milk," she said. "Morris won't be here
for breakfast tomorrow."


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

There has been some confusion concerning MAPCAR.
	(DEFUN MAPCAR (&FUNCTIONAL FCN &EVAL &REST LISTS)
		(PROG (V P LP)
		(SETQ P (LOCF V))
	L	(SETQ LP LISTS)
		(%START-FUNCTION-CALL FCN T (LENGTH LISTS) NIL)
	L1	(OR LP (GO L2))
		(AND (NULL (CAR LP)) (RETURN V))
		(%PUSH (CAAR LP))
		(RPLACA LP (CDAR LP))
		(SETQ LP (CDR LP))
		(GO L1)
	L2	(%FINISH-FUNCTION-CALL FCN T (LENGTH LISTS) NIL)
		(SETQ LP (%POP))
		(RPLACD P (SETQ P (NCONS LP)))
		(GO L)))
We hope this clears up the many questions we've had about it.


PISCES (Feb. 19 - Mar. 20)
	You have a vivid imagination and often think you are being followed
	by the CIA or FBI.  You have minor influence over your associates
	and people resent your flaunting of your power.  You lack confidence
	and you are generally a coward.  Pisces people do terrible things to
	small animals.


Note to myself: use real bullets next time.


It is impossible to obtain a conviction for sodomy from an English jury.
Half of them don't believe that it can physically be done, and the other
half are doing it.
		-- Winston Churchill


	"Yo, Mike!"
	"Yeah, Gabe?"
	"We got a problem down on Earth.  In Utah."
	"I thought you fixed that last century!"
	"No, no, not that.  Someone's found a security problem in the physics
program.  They're getting energy out of nowhere."
	"Blessit!  Lemme look...  <tappity clickity tappity>  Hey, it's
there all right!  OK, just a sec...  <tappity clickity tap... save... compile>
There, that ought to patch it.  Dist it out, wouldja?"
		-- Cold Fusion, 1989


This was a Golden Age, a time of high adventure, rich living, and hard
dying... but nobody thought so.  This was a future of fortune and theft,
pillage and rapine, culture and vice... but nobody admitted it.
		-- Alfred Bester, "The Stars My Destination"


Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind.
		-- William Shakespeare


King Louis gave a lesson in class,
One time while enjoying a lass.
	When she used the word "Damn"
	He rebuked her: "Please ma'am,
Keep a more civil tongue in my ass."


	The radio was screaming: "Power to the People -- Right On!" John
Lennon's political song, ten years too late.  "That poor fool should have
stayed where he was," said my attorney.  "Punks like him only get in the
way when they try to be serious."
	"Speaking of serious," I said. "I think it's about time to get
into the ether and the cocaine."
	"Forget ether," he said. "Let's save it for soaking down the rug
in the suite.  But here's this.  Your half of the sunshine blotter.  Just
chew it up like baseball gum."
	I took the blotter and ate it.  My attorney was now fumbling with
the salt shaker containing the cocaine.  Opening it.  Spilling it.  Then
screaming and grabbing at the air, as our fine white dust blew up and out
across the desert highway.  A very expensive little twister rising up from
the Great Red Shark.  "Oh, Jesus!" he moaned.  "Did you see what God just
did to us?"
		-- Raoul Duke, "Rolling Stone", issue 95, Nov. 11, 1971


If a thing's worth doing, it is worth doing badly.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


The problem with any unwritten law is that
you don't know where to go to erase it.
		-- Glaser and Way


Chism's Law of Completion:
	The amount of time required to complete a government project is
	precisely equal to the length of time already spent on it.


Bridget O'Flaherty McHugh
Held venal traffic with a gnu.
Mistaking fore for aft one morn
Impaled herself upon its horn.

Moral:	Those who seek high ends should shun
	our furred and feathered friends.


You can bring any calculator you like to the midterm, as long as it
doesn't dim the lights when you turn it on.
		-- Hepler, Systems Design 182, University of Washington


Look up and not down, look forward and not back, look out and not in,
and lend a hand.
		-- Edward Everett Hale, "Lowell Institute Lectures" (1869)


It is not every question that deserves an answer.
		-- Publilius Syrus


Biggest security gap -- an open mouth.


Non-sequiturs make me eat lampshades.


Corrupt, adj.:
	In politics, holding an office of trust or profit.


The only qualities for real success in journalism are ratlike cunning, a
plausible manner and a little literary ability.  The capacity to steal
other people's ideas and phrases ... is also invaluable.
		-- Nicolas Tomalin, "Stop the Press, I Want to Get On"


Hear about...
	the inexperienced stenographer who discovered that she could lose
	a lot more than letters behind the files?


Cohen's Law:
	There is no bottom to worse.


If your thesis is utterly vacuous,
Employ first-order predicate calculus.
	With sufficient formality,
	The sheerest banality,
Will be hailed by all as miraculous!


The Tree of Learning bears the noblest fruit, but noble fruit tastes bad.


Where do you go to get anorexia?
		-- Shelley Winters


Hard, adj.:
	The quality of your own data; also how it is to believe those
	of other people.


Exhilaration is that feeling you get just after a great idea hits you,
and just before you realize what is wrong with it.


Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


Men were real men, women were real women, and small, furry creatures
from Alpha Centauri were REAL small, furry creatures from Alpha Centauri.
Spirits were brave, men boldly split infinitives that no man had split
before.  Thus was the Empire forged.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


No one gets sick on Wednesdays.


The word "spine" is, of course, an anagram of "penis".  This is true in
almost fifty percent of the languages of the Galaxy, and many people
have attempted to explain why.  Usually these explanations get bogged
down in silly puns about "standing erect".
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


That's the true harbinger of spring, not crocuses or swallows
returning to Capistrano, but the sound of a bat on a ball.
		-- Bill Veeck


Her kisses left something to be desired -- the rest of her.


Seems like there were these two dogs in a vet's waiting room, each eyeing
the other suspiciously.  One of them turns to the other.
	"What are you here for?" he asks.
	"Well," replies the other, "I was feeling really bad the other day,
and Master's six year old son started bothering me. I tried to ignore it,
but I was feeling so rotten that I bit his hand."
	"Yeah, I now what you mean.  So, what are you here for?"
	"Erm ... well ... Master reckons that I'm too vicious, so I'm going
to be ... you know ... I'm going to have the *operation*."
	"Oh.  Well, I'm sorry," sympathized the first dog.
	Time passed. The about-to-be-neutered dog coughed politely.
	"So," he asked, "What are you in here for?"
	"Oh, nothing really," the other replied, embarrassed.
	"Go on, I told you, it *can't* be as bad!"
	"OK.  Well, it's like this.  The bitch next door was in heat, and so
I was feeling, you know, a bit randy.  Then Mistress came into the kitchen
wearing a short skirt and no underwear, and she bent over.  I just couldn't
resist it!" admitted the dog.
	"Oh!  So you're here for the operation too!"
	"No," came the reply, "I'm here to have my nails clipped!"


THIS IS PLEDGE WEEK FOR THE FORTUNE PROGRAM

If you like the fortune program, why not support it now with your
contribution of a pithy fortune, clean or obscene?  We cannot continue
without your support.  Less than 14% of all fortune users are
contributors.  That means that 86% of you are getting a free ride.  We
can't go on like this much longer.  Federal cutbacks mean less money
for fortunes, and unless user contributions increase to make up the
difference, the fortune program will have to shut down between midnight
and 8 a.m.  Don't let this happen.  Mail your fortunes right now to
"fortune".  Just type in your favorite pithy saying.  Do it now before
you forget.  Our target is 300 new fortunes by the end of the week.
Don't miss out.  All fortunes will be acknowledged.  If you contribute
30 fortunes or more, you will receive a free subscription to "The
Fortune Hunter", our monthly program guide.  If you contribute 50 or
more, you will receive a free "Fortune Hunter" coffee mug ...


There has also been some work to allow the interesting use of macro names.
For example, if you wanted all of your "creat()" calls to include read
permissions for everyone, you could say

	#define creat(file, mode)	creat(file, mode | 0444)

	I would recommend against this kind of thing in general, since it
hides the changed semantics of "creat()" in a macro, potentially far away
from its uses.
	To allow this use of macros, the preprocessor uses a process that
is worth describing, if for no other reason than that we get to use one of
the more amusing terms introduced into the C lexicon.  While a macro is
being expanded, it is temporarily undefined, and any recurrence of the macro
name is "painted blue" -- I kid you not, this is the official terminology
-- so that in future scans of the text the macro will not be expanded
recursively.  (I do not know why the color blue was chosen; I'm sure it
was the result of a long debate, spread over several meetings.)
		-- From Ken Arnold's "C Advisor" column in Unix Review


There's no sense in being precise when you don't even know
what you're talking about.
		-- John von Neumann


QOTD:
	"Of course there's no reason for it, it's just our policy."


When someone makes a move		We'll send them all we've got,
Of which we don't approve,		John Wayne and Randolph Scott,
Who is it that always intervenes?	Remember those exciting fighting scenes?
U.N. and O.A.S.,			To the shores of Tripoli,
They have their place, I guess,		But not to Mississippoli,
But first, send the Marines!		What do we do?  We send the Marines!

For might makes right,			Members of the corps
And till they've seen the light,	All hate the thought of war:
They've got to be protected,		They'd rather kill them off by
						peaceful means.
All their rights respected,		Stop calling it aggression--
Till somebody we like can be elected.	We hate that expression!
					We only want the world to know
					That we support the status quo;
					They love us everywhere we go,
					So when in doubt, send the Marines!
		-- Tom Lehrer, "Send The Marines"


In France they piss on Main Street
(In pissoirs, Mama, not cheap display).
		-- Joni Mitchell


Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
		-- Lily Tomlin


After a few boring years, socially meaningful rock 'n' roll died out.
It was replaced by disco, which offers no guidance to any form of life
more advanced than the lichen family.
		-- Dave Barry, "Kids Today: They Don't Know Dum Diddly Do"


I'm unbuttoning your shirt, unzipping your jeans ...

Oh, I can feel your fingers on the keys, baby,
	I'm getting WARM ...

I am getting there, oh yes,.  Oh, my. OH YES... OHHHH!
	...!!!rrrrrgh!!!!!

Honey, that was *really* terrific, but, next time,
couldn't you please input a little SLOWER?


Be security conscious -- National Defense is at stake.


A certain amount of opposition is a help, not a hindrance.
Kites rise against the wind, not with it.


My daddy's brains was so scrambled he thought he was Jesus.  They put him
in a nut house for 5 years and when he got out, he didn't think he was
Jesus, he thought he was *God*! ... Which made me Jesus.
		-- T. Bywater


Your sister swims out to meet troop ships.


Politician, n.:
	From the Greek "poly" ("many") and the French "tete" ("head" or
	"face," as in "tete-a-tete": head to head or face to face).
	Hence "polytetien", a person of two or more faces.
		-- Martin Pitt


Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke


Uncle Ed's Rule of Thumb:
	Never use your thumb for a rule.
	You'll either hit it with a hammer or get a splinter in it.


The pleasure is momentary,
The position ridiculous,
The expense damnable.
		-- Chesterfield, on sex


	"We've decided to have the budgie put down."
	"Oh, is he very old then?"
	"No, we just don't like him."
	"Oh.  How do they put budgies down anyway?"
	"Well, it's funny you should be asking that, as I've been reading a
great big book called `How to put your budgie down'.  And as I understand it,
you can either hit them over the head with the book, or shoot them there, just
above the beak."
	"Mrs. Conkers flushed hers down the loo."
	"Oh, you don't want to do that, because they breed in the sewers and
pretty soon you get huge evil smelling flocks of soiled budgies flying out
of peoples lavatories infringing their personal freedoms."
		-- Monty Python


I am convinced that the manufacturers of carpet odor removing powder
have included encapsulated time released cat urine in their products.
This technology must be what prevented its distribution during my mom's
reign.  My carpet smells like piss, and I don't have a cat.  Better go
buy some more.
		-- timw@zeb.USWest.COM


Life is like a simile.


It may be better to be a live jackal than a dead lion, but it is
better still to be a live lion.  And usually easier.
		-- Lazarus Long


Support bacteria -- it's the only culture some people have!


Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood.
		-- Daniel Hudson Burnham


Truly simple systems... require infinite testing.
		-- Norman Augustine


Religions revolve madly around sexual questions.


Power and ignorance is a detestable cocktail.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


It's very inconvenient to be mortal -- you never
know when everything may suddenly stop happening.


TEXAN:
	A wet-back that didn't make Oklahoma.


Have you ever really thought about there being a simple solution to
America's problems?  Why, we could solve all of our raw materials
difficulties, foreign complications etc. over a long weekend.  If we
got up early, early mind you, on Saturday, we could take over Mexico
by 10:00.  Panama and most of South America would be a bit more difficult,
but I believe we could do it by 6 or 7 that evening.  Turning our
attention northward, Canada would require most of Sunday morning.
General mopping up and execution of the civilian populations would take
up Sunday afternoon.  I just don't understand why Washington hasn't
thought of this...


Joe sat as his dying wife's bedside.
Her voice was little more than a whisper.
	"Joe, darling," she breathed, "I've got a confession to make
before I go.  I ... I'm the one who took the $10,000 from your safe...
I spent it on a fling with your best friend, Charles.  And it was I who
forced your mistress to leave the city.  And I am the one who reported
your income-tax evasion to the I.R.S..."
	"That's all right, dearest, don't give it a second thought,"
whispered Joe. "I'm the one who poisoned you."


What scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch?
		-- J. D. Farley


The trouble with some women is that they get all excited about nothing --
and then marry him.
		-- Cher


I'm N-ary the tree, I am,
N-ary the tree, I am, I am.
I'm getting traversed by the parser next door,
She's traversed me seven times before.
And ev'ry time it was an N-ary (N-ary!)
Never wouldn't ever do a binary. (No sir!)
I'm 'er eighth tree that was N-ary.
N-ary the tree I am, I am,
N-ary the tree I am.
		-- Stolen from Paul Revere and the Raiders


The first Rotarian was the first man to call John the Baptist "Jack."
		-- H. L. Mencken


Familiarity breeds attempt.


A Parable of Modern Research:

	Bob has lost his keys in a room which is dark except for one
brightly lit corner.
	"Why are you looking under the light, you lost them in the dark!"
	"I can only see here."


Lucy:	Dance, dance, dance.  That is all you ever do.
	Can't you be serious for once?
Snoopy: She is right!  I think I had better think
	of the more important things in life!
	(pause)
	Tomorrow!!


I love you, not only for what you are,
but for what I am when I am with you.
		-- Roy Croft


Home on the Range was originally written in beef-flat.


A mathematician is a device for turning coffee into theorems.
		-- P. Erdos


"Ah, you know the type.  They like to blame it all on the Jews or the
Blacks, 'cause if they couldn't, they'd have to wake up to the fact
that life's one big, scary, glorious, complex and ultimately
unfathomable crapshoot -- and the only reason THEY can't seem to keep
up is they're a bunch of misfits and losers."
		-- An analysis of Neo-Nazis, from "The Badger" comic


(Sung to the tune of "The Impossible Dream" from MAN OF LA MANCHA)

	To code the impossible code,
	To bring up a virgin machine,
	To pop out of endless recursion,
	To grok what appears on the screen,

	To right the unrightable bug,
	To endlessly twiddle and thrash,
	To mount the unmountable magtape,
	To stop the unstoppable crash!


Sex is an emotion in motion.
		-- Mae West


Auribus teneo lupum.
[I hold a wolf by the ears.]


Is a person who blows up banks an econoclast?


Man-hour, n.:
	A sexist, obsolete measure of macho effort, equal to 60 Kiplings.


As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing.


What use is magic if it can't save a unicorn?
		-- Peter S. Beagle, "The Last Unicorn"


Repartee is something we think of twenty-four hours too late.
		-- Mark Twain


Ever notice that the women who are against abortion are the ones you
wouldn't want to fuck in the first place?
		-- George Carlin


Never delay the ending of a meeting or the beginning of a cocktail hour.


Obviously, a major malfunction has occurred.
		-- Steve Nesbitt, voice of Mission Control, January 28,
		   1986, as the shuttle Challenger exploded within view
		   of the grandstands.


Hear about...
	the young Chinese woman who just won the lottery?
	One fortunate cookie...


Whenever I see an old lady slip and fall on a wet sidewalk, my first instinct
is to laugh.  But then I think, what if I was an ant, and she fell on me.
Then it wouldn't seem quite so funny.
		-- Jack Handey


The Moral Majority is neither.


alta, v:	To change; make or become different; modify.
ansa, v:	A spoken or written reply, as to a question.
baa, n:		A place people meet to have a few drinks.
Baaston, n:	The capital of Massachusetts.
baaba, n:	One whose business is to cut or trim hair or beards.
beea, n:	An alcoholic beverage brewed from malt and hops, often
			found in baas.
caaa, n:	An automobile.
centa, n:	A point around which something revolves; axis.  (Or
			someone involved with the Knicks.)
chouda, n:	A thick seafood soup, often in a milk base.
dada, n:	Information, esp. information organized for analysis or
			computation.
		-- Massachewsetts Unabridged Dictionary


Insanity is the final defense.  It's hard to get a refund when
the salesman is sniffing your crotch and baying at the moon.


If it has syntax, it isn't user-friendly.


Your goose is cooked.
(Your current chick is burned up too!)


Lord, defend me from my friends; I can account for my enemies.
		-- Charles D'Hericault


We don't know one millionth of one percent about anything.


The groundhog is like most other prophets;
it delivers its message and then disappears.


In Hollywood, if you don't have happiness, you send out for it.
		-- Rex Reed


Sex without class consciousness cannot give satisfaction, even if it is
repeated until infinity.
		-- Aldo Brandirali (Secretary of the Italian Marxist-Leninist
		   Party), in a manual of the party's official sex guidelines,
		   1973.


Truthful, adj.:
	Dumb and illiterate.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Pereant, inquit, qui ante nos nostra dixerunt.
[Confound those who have said our remarks before us.]
or
[May they perish who have expressed our bright ideas before us.]
		-- Aelius Donatus


The solution of this problem is trivial
and is left as an exercise for the reader.


The Ten Commandments for Technicians:
	1:  Beware the lightening that lurketh in the undischarged
	    capacitor, lest it cause thee to bounce upon thy buttocks in a
	    most untechnician-like manner.

	7: Work thou not on energized equipment, for if thou dost, thy
	    fellow workers will surely buy beers for thy widow and console
	    her in other ways.


Uppers are no longer stylish, methedrine is almost as rare as pure acid
or DMT.  "Consciousness Expansion" went out with LBJ and it is worth
noting, historically, that downers came in with Nixon.
		-- Dr. Hunter S. Thompson


I'm not under the alkafluence of inkahol
that some thinkle peep I am.
It's just the drunker I sit here the longer I get.


A husky foreigner, looking for sex, accepted a prostitute's terms.  When
she undressed, he noticed that she had no pubic hair.  The man shouted,
"What, no wool?  In my country all women have wool down there."
	The prostitute snapped back, "What do you want to do, knit or fuck?"


Pardon me while I laugh.


Seems to me that both the Democrats and the Republicans should change their
symbols to a contraceptive device; it stands for inflation, inhibits
production, protects a bunch of pricks and gives everyone a false sense of
security while they're being screwed.


The only person who always got his work done by Friday was Robinson Crusoe.


Know how to save 5 drowning lawyers?

-- No?

GOOD!


I had another dream the other day about music critics.  They were small
and rodent-like with padlocked ears, as if they had stepped out of a
painting by Goya.
		-- Stravinsky


Said the attractive, cigar-smoking housewife to her girl-friend: "I
got started one night when George came home and found one burning in
the ashtray."


As you know, birds do not have sexual organs because they would
interfere with flight.  [In fact, this was the big breakthrough for the
Wright Brothers.  They were watching birds one day, trying to figure
out how to get their crude machine to fly, when suddenly it dawned on
Wilbur.  "Orville," he said, "all we have to do is remove the sexual
organs!"  You should have seen their original design.]  As a result,
birds are very, very difficult to arouse sexually.  You almost never
see an aroused bird.  So when they want to reproduce, birds fly up and
stand on telephone lines, where they monitor telephone conversations
with their feet.  When they find a conversation in which people are
talking dirty, they grip the line very tightly until they are both
highly aroused, at which point the female gets pregnant.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sex and the Single Amoeba: What Every
		   Teen Should Know"


Ahhhhhh... the smell of cuprinol and mahogany.  It
excites me to... acts of passion... acts of... ineptitude.


The ideal voice for radio may be defined as showing no substance,
no sex, no owner, and a message of importance for every housewife.
		-- Harry V. Wade


Hangover, n.:
	The wrath of grapes.


Said a decadent wench of Bombay:
"This has been a most wonderful day.
	Three cherry tarts,
	At least twenty farts,
Two shits, and a bloody fine lay."


I do not know whether I was then a man dreaming I was a
butterfly, or whether I am now a butterfly dreaming I am a man.
		-- Chuang Tzu


Lay off the muses, it's a very tough dollar.
		-- S. J. Perelman


QOTD:
	"Every morning I read the obituaries; if my name's not there,
	I go to work."


Thirty white horses on a red hill,
First they champ,
Then they stamp,
Then they stand still.
		-- Tolkien


The most difficult thing in the world is to know how to do a thing and
to watch someone else do it wrong without comment.
		-- Theodore H. White


There's been no top authority saying what marijuana does to you.  I really
don't know that much about it.  I tried it once but it didn't do anything
to me.
		-- John Wayne


I'll be comfortable on the couch.  Famous last words.
		-- Lenny Bruce


