Even bytes get lonely for a little bit.


Why don't somebody print the truth about our present economic condition?
We spent years of wild buying on credit, everything under the sun, whether
we needed it or not, and now we are having to pay for it, howling like a
pet coon.  This would be a great world to dance in if we didn't have to
pay the fiddler.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


You will always get the greatest recognition for the job you least like.


John Birch Society:
	That pathetic manifestation of organized apoplexy.
		-- Edward P. Morgan


Every single person down there is ignoring your pain because they're too
busy with their own.
		-- Buffy, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Earshot"
		   Season 3, Episode 18


To get back on your feet, miss two car payments.


The meek shall inherit the earth; but by that
time there won't be anything left worth inheriting.


Satellite Safety Tip #14:
	If you see a bright streak in the sky coming at you, duck.


Disclaimer of the Week:
	Any Society Which Requires Disclaimers Has Too Many Goddamn Lawyers.


99 blocks of crud on the disk,
99 blocks of crud!
You patch a bug, and dump it again:
100 blocks of crud on the disk!

100 blocks of crud on the disk,
100 blocks of crud!
You patch a bug, and dump it again:
101 blocks of crud on the disk!


Sinners can repent, but stupid is forever.


Cum Hilde autem ambulabat
Homo qui aedificabat.
	Dixit volebat.  Debet et potebat.
	Sic ille ducebat.  Statim faciebat.
Sed virginem pine necebat.


A public debt is a kind of anchor in the storm; but if the anchor be
too heavy for the vessel, she will be sunk by that very weight which
was intended for her preservation.
		-- Colton


Who took the MMMMMM out of MURINE?


Suffering alone exists, none who suffer;
The deed there is, but no doer thereof;
Nirvana is, but no one is seeking it;
The Path there is, but none who travel it.
		-- "Buddhist Symbolism", Symbols and Values


Being a woman is of special interest only to aspiring male transsexuals.
To actual women it is merely a good excuse not to play football.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"


A friendly message from your Internal Revenue Service: tax time is
coming again soon.  Bend over.


Eating chocolate is like being in love without the aggravation.


For ages, a deadly conflict has been waged between a few brave men and
women of thought and genius upon the one side, and the great ignorant
religious mass on the other. This is the war between Science and Faith.
The few have appealed to reason, to honor, to law, to freedom, to the
known, and to happiness here in this world. The many have appealed to
prejudice, to fear, to miracle, to slavery, to the unknown, and to
misery hereafter. The few have said "Think". The many have said "Believe!"
		-- Robert Ingersoll, "Gods"


THE THREE MOST COMMONLY-ASKED QUESTIONS AT DISNEYLAND:

1) Where's the bathroom?
2) What time does the parade start?
3) Do you sell anything without that damn mouse on it?


PURITAN:
	Someone who is deathly afraid that
	someone, somewhere, is having fun.


Fortune's Contribution of the Month to the Animal Rights Debate:

	I'll stay out of animals' way if they'll stay out of mine.
	"Hey you, get off my plate"
		-- Roger Midnight


If you live in New York, even if you're Catholic, you're Jewish.
		-- Lenny Bruce


Real software engineers don't like the idea of some inexplicable and
greasy hardware several aisles away that may stop working at any
moment.  They have a great distrust of hardware people, and wish that
systems could be virtual at *_a_l_l* levels.  They would like personal
computers (you know no one's going to trip over something and kill your
DFA in mid-transit), except that they need 8 megabytes to run their
Correctness Verification Aid packages.


And as we stand on the edge of darkness
Let our chant fill the void
That others may know

	In the land of the night
	The ship of the sun
	Is drawn by
	The grateful dead.
		-- Tibetan "Book of the Dead," ca. 4000 BC.


Woodward's Law:
	A theory is better than its explanation.


Q:	Why did the astrophysicist order three hamburgers?
A:	Because he was hungry.


Football builds self-discipline.  What else would induce
a spectator to sit out in the open in subfreezing weather?


Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men.
		-- Kin Hubbard


Be careful when a loop exits to the same place from side and bottom.


The only perfect science is hind-sight.


The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost.


Had I been present at the creation, I would have given some
useful hints for the better ordering of the universe.
		-- Alfonso the Wise

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to operating system initialization.]


A diplomat's life consists of three things: protocol, Geritol, and alcohol.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


An egghead is one who stands firmly on both feet,
in mid-air, on both sides of an issue.
		-- Homer Ferguson


COMPUTER SCIENCE:
	1) A study akin to numerology and astrology, but lacking the
	   precision of the former and the success of the latter.
	2) The protracted value analysis of algorithms.
	3) The costly enumeration of the obvious.
	4) The boring art of coping with a large number of trivialities.
	5) Tautology harnessed in the service of Man at the speed of light.
	6) The Post-Turing decline in formal systems theory.


Anything created must necessarily be inferior to the essence of the creator.
		-- Claude Shouse

Einstein's mother must have been one heck of a physicist.
		-- Joseph C. Wang


AC/DC is a rock band.
		-- Bisexuality, 101


Uncle Sam comes off as the perverted relative who'll offer you a
bit of candy, but if you won't bend over for him, you get a beating.


[We] use bad software and bad machines for the wrong things.
		-- R. W. Hamming


I'm never through with a girl until I've had her three ways.
		-- J.F. Kennedy


A man was talking to his best friend about his married life.  "You know," he
says, "I really trust my wife, and I think she has always been faithful to
me, but there's *always* that doubt.  There's *always* that little doubt."
	"Yeah, I know what you mean," his friend replies.
	"Well, buddy, I've got to leave on a business trip this weekend,
and I wonder... well... would you watch my house while I'm gone?  I trust
her, it's just that there's *always* that doubt."
	The friend agreed to help out and two weeks later gave his report.
	"I've got some bad news for you," says the friend.  "The evening
after you left I saw a strange car pull up in front of your house.  A man
got out of the car and went in the house and had dinner with your wife.
After dinner they went upstairs and I saw your wife kissing him.  Then, he
took off his shirt and she took off her blouse.  And then the light went
out."
	"*Then* what happened?" said the husband, his eyes opening wide.
	"Well, I don't know," replied the friend, "it was too dark to see."
	"Damn!" roared the husband.  "You see what I mean?  There's *always*
that doubt!"


He draweth out the thread of his verbosity
finer than the staple of his argument.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"


I've been feeling kind of jealous,
Of all them well-hung fellas,
Like Michael, Rod, and Mick.		It would have to be a big one,
Tell me, Doctor can you mend me?	A giant, horny love gun,
I've a case of penis envy --		To let me be a jock.
If I only had a dick.			Girls would never beg my pardon,
					They would turn on to my hardon --
					If I only had a cock.
Oh, I can tell you now,
The number of times I'd score,
I could fuck girls like			I would not be just a housewife,
	I never have before,		Living a little mouse-life
And then I'd cum (wee!)			In days that drag out long.
And fuck some more!			I would dance and I'd be merry
					Life would be a ding-a-derry
					If I only had a dong!
		-- to "If I Only Had A Brain", The Wizard of Oz


We totally deny the allegations, and
we're trying to identify the allegators.


You will pass away very quickly.


If you cannot convince them, confuse them.
		-- Harry S. Truman


Kindness is the beginning of cruelty.
		-- Muad'dib, "Dune"


QOTD:
	"To hell with patience, I'm gonna kill me something!"


Get forgiveness now -- tomorrow you may no longer feel guilty.


Real Programmers think better when playing Adventure or Rogue.


	Well, he thought, since neither Aristotelian Logic nor the disciplines
of Science seemed to offer much hope, it's time to go beyond them...
	Drawing a few deep even breaths, he entered a mental state practiced
only by Masters of the Universal Way of Zen.  In it his mind floated freely,
able to rummage at will among the bits and pieces of data he had absorbed,
undistracted by any outside disturbances.  Logical structures no longer
inhibited him. Pre-conceptions, prejudices, ordinary human standards vanished.
All things, those previously trivial as well as those once thought important,
became absolutely equal by acquiring an absolute value, revealing relationships
not evident to ordinary vision.  Like beads strung on a string of their own
meaning, each thing pointed to its own common ground of existence, shared by
all.  Finally, each began to melt into each, staying itself while becoming
all others.  And Mind no longer contemplated Problem, but became Problem,
destroying Subject-Object by becoming them.
	Time passed, unheeded.
	Eventually, there was a tentative stirring, then a decisive one, and
Nakamura arose, a smile on his face and the light of laughter in his eyes.
		-- Wayfarer


Il y avait un jeune homme de dijon,
Qui n'avait que peu de religion.
	Il dit:"quant a' moi,
	Je deteste tous les trois,
Le pere, et le fils, et le pigeon-"


My friend has a baby.  I'm writing down all the noises he makes so
later I can ask him what he meant.
		-- Steven Wright


Computers can figure out all kinds of problems, except the things in
the world that just don't add up.


QOTD:
	"Sacred cows make great hamburgers."


Of all possible committee reactions to any given agenda item, the
reaction that will occur is the one which will liberate the greatest
amount of hot air.
		-- Thomas L. Martin


It's is not, it isn't ain't, and it's it's, not its, if you mean it is.
If you don't, it's its.  Then too, it's hers.  It isn't her's.  It isn't
our's either.  It's ours, and likewise yours and theirs.
		-- Oxford University Press, "Edpress News"


Sic transit gloria Monday!


Every Solidarity center had piles and piles of paper ... everyone was
eating paper and a policeman was at the door.  Now all you have to do is
bend a disk.
		-- A member of the outlawed Polish trade union, Solidarity,
		   commenting on the benefits of using computers in support
		   of their movement.


Absence is to love what wind is to fire.  It extinguishes the small,
it enkindles the great.


The days are all empty and the nights are unreal.


Q:	Who cuts the grass on Walton's Mountain?
A:	Lawn Boy.


Premature ejaculator, n.:
	Troubled shooter.


May's Law:
	The quality of correlation is inversely proportional to the density
	of control.  (The fewer the data points, the smoother the curves.)


It is better to be bow-legged than no-legged.


Isn't it strange that the same people that
laugh at gypsy fortune tellers take economists seriously?


Avoid reality at all costs.


	A father gave his teenage daughter an untrained pedigreed pup for
her birthday.  An hour later, when wandered through the house, he found her
looking at a puddle in the center of the kitchen.  "My pup," she murmured
sadly, "runneth over."


STANDARDS:
	The principles we use to reject other people's code.


<< WAIT >>


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #18 -- FIFTH

	FIFTH is a precision mathematical language in which the data types
refer to quantity.  The data types range from CC, OUNCE, SHOT, and JIGGER to
FIFTH (hence the name of the language), LITER, MAGNUM and BLOTTO.  Commands
refer to ingredients such as CHABLIS, CHARDONNAY, CABERNET, GIN, VERMOUTH,
VODKA, SCOTCH, BOURBON, and WHATEVERSAROUND.
	The many versions of the FIFTH language reflect the sophistication and
financial status of its users.  Commands in the ELITE dialect include VSOP and
LAFITE, while commands in the GUTTER dialect include HOOTCH, THUNDERBIRD,
RIPPLE and HOUSERED.  The latter is a favorite of frustrated FORTH programmers
who end up using this language.


A friend of mine received a note through the mail advising him,
	"If you don't stop making love to my wife, I'll kill you."
The trouble is, the note wasn't signed.


Most burning issues generate far more heat than light.


Those who in quarrels interpose, must often wipe a bloody nose.


To many, total abstinence is easier than perfect moderation.
		-- St. Augustine


Never raise your hand to your children -- it leaves your midsection
unprotected.
		-- Robert Orben


George Orwell 1984.  Northwestern 0.
		-- Chicago Reader 10/15/82


The whole earth is in jail and we're plotting this incredible jailbreak.
		-- Wavy Gravy


	A novice programmer was once assigned to code a simple financial
package.
	The novice worked furiously for many days, but when his master
reviewed his program, he discovered that it contained a screen editor, a set
of generalized graphics routines, and artificial intelligence interface,
but not the slightest mention of anything financial.
	When the master asked about this, the novice became indignant.
"Don't be so impatient," he said, "I'll put the financial stuff in eventually."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Ad astra per aspera.  (To the stars by aspiration.)


	While riding in a train between London and Birmingham, a woman
inquired of Oscar Wilde, "You don't mind if I smoke, do you?"
	Wilde gave her a sidelong glance and replied, "I don't mind if
you burn, madam."


Early to bed and early to rise and you'll
be groggy when everyone else is wide awake.


Ask not for whom the <CONTROL-G> tolls.


Old Mother Hubbard
Went to the cupboard
To get her poor dog a bone.
When she bent over,
Her Rover took over
And she got a bone of her own.
		-- Andrew "Dice" Clay


Academic politics is the most vicious and bitter form of politics,
because the stakes are so low.
		-- Wallace Sayre


Q:	What's a WASP's idea of open-mindedness?
A:	Dating a Canadian.


The opposite of a profound truth may well be another profound truth.
		-- Niels Bohr


Diplomacy is about surviving until the next century.
Politics is about surviving until Friday afternoon.
		-- Sir Humphrey Appleby


It got to the point where I had to get a haircut
or both feet firmly planted in the air.


A mouse is an elephant built by the Japanese.


There is a young faggot named Mose
Who insists that you fuck his long nose.
	And you'll double the joy
	Of this lecherous boy
If you'll tickle his balls with your toes.


Cheer Up!  Things are getting worse at a slower rate.


Laws of Computer Programming:
	1. Any given program, when running, is obsolete.
	2. Any given program costs more and takes longer.
	3. If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.
	4. If a program is useless, it will have to be documented.
	5. Any given program will expand to fill all available memory.
	6. The value of a program is proportional the weight of its output.
	7. Program complexity grows until it exceeds the capability of
		the programmer who must maintain it.


100 buckets of bits on the bus
100 buckets of bits
Take one down, short it to ground
FF buckets of bits on the bus

FF buckets of bits on the bus
FF buckets of bits
Take one down, short it to ground
FE buckets of bits on the bus

ad infinitum...


A man needs a mistress, just to break the monogamy.


	A novice programmer was once assigned to code a simple financial
package.
	The novice worked furiously for many days, but when his master
reviewed his program, he discovered that it contained a screen editor, a set
of generalized graphics routines, and artificial intelligence interface,
but not the slightest mention of anything financial.
	When the master asked about this, the novice became indignant.
"Don't be so impatient," he said, "I'll put the financial stuff in eventually."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


GAY:
	One who'd rather swish than fight.


Old Mother Hubbard
Went to the cupboard
To get her poor dog a bone.
When she bent over,
Her Rover took over
And she got a bone of her own.
		-- Andrew "Dice" Clay


A mind is a wonderful thing to waste.


He's been like a father to me,
He's the only DJ you can get after three,
I'm an all-night musician in a rock and roll band,
And why he don't like me I don't understand.
		-- The Byrds


The camel has a single hump;
The dromedary two;
Or else the other way around.
I'm never sure.  Are you?
		-- Ogden Nash


As crazy as hauling timber into the woods.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Don't get mad, get even.
		-- Joseph P. Kennedy

Don't get even, get jewelry.
		-- Anonymous


Everyone is a genius.  It's just that some people are too stupid to
realize it.


DEJA VU:
	French., already seen; unoriginal; trite.
	Psychol., The illusion of having previously experienced
	something actually being encountered for the first time.
	Psychol., The illusion of having previously experienced
	something actually being encountered for the first time.


Lawyer's Rule:
	When the law is against you, argue the facts.
	When the facts are against you, argue the law.
	When both are against you, call the other lawyer names.


Shick's Law:
	There is no problem a good miracle can't solve.


Ehrman's Commentary:
	(1) Things will get worse before they get better.
	(2) Who said things would get better?


WELL-ADJUSTED:
	The ability to play bridge or golf as if they were games.


Let me not to the marriage of true minds
Admit impediments.  Love is not love
Which alters when it alteration finds,
Or bends with the remover to remove.
O, no! it is an ever-fixed mark,
That looks on tempests and is never shaken;
It is the star to every wandering bark,
Whose worth's unknown, although his height be taken.
Love's not Time's fool, though rosy lips and cheeks
Within his bending sickle's compass come;
Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks,
But bears it out even to the edge of doom.
    If this be error and upon me proved,
    I never writ, nor no man ever loved.
		-- William Shakespeare, Sonnet CXVI


CANCER (June 21 - July 22)
	This is a good time for those of you who are rich and happy,
	but a poor time for those of you born under this sign who are
	poor and unhappy.  To tell you the truth, any day is tough
	when you're poor and unhappy.


New York:
	Where men are men, sheep enjoy it, and lepers laugh their heads off.


Anyone who describes Islam as a religion as intolerant encourages violence.
		-- Tasnim Aslam, Spokesman for Pakistani Foreign Ministry


Saint Peteer was once heard to boast
That he'd had all the heavenly host:
	The Father and Son,
	And then - just for fun -
The hole in the Holy Ghost.


Californians are a strange people.  They'll put every chemical known to God
and man up their nostrils and then laugh at you for putting sugar in your
coffee.


"Rights" is a fictional abstraction.  No one has "Rights", neither
machines nor flesh-and-blood.  Persons... have opportunities, not
rights, which they use or do not use.
		-- Lazarus Long


Oh, I don't blame Congress.  If I had $600 billion at my disposal, I'd
be irresponsible, too.
		-- Lichty & Wagner


Lubarsky's Law of Cybernetic Entomology:
	There's always one more bug.


ADA:
	Something you need only know the name of to be an Expert in
	Computing.  Useful in sentences like, "We had better develop
	an ADA awareness.
		-- "Datamation", January 15, 1984


Lipstick on your dipstick told a tale on you,
Lipstick on your dipstick said you were untrue.
Bet your bottom dollar you and I are through,
'Cause lipstick on your dipstick told a tale on you.
		-- To the tune of "Lipstick On Your Collar"


Bus error -- driver executed.


Jesus loves you, but everybody else thinks you're a dork.


When you are working hard, get up and retch every so often.


Wake up and smell the coffee.
		-- Ann Landers


It's possible that the whole purpose of your life is to serve
as a warning to others.


A New Yorker was driving through Berkeley when he saw a big crowd gathered
by the side of the street.  Curiosity got the better of him and he leaned
out of his window to ask an onlooker what was going on.  The fellow explained
that a protestor against the U.S. position in South America had doused
himself with gasoline and set himself on fire.  "That's terrible," gasped
the man.  "But why is everyone still standing around?"
	"Well, they're taking up a collection for his wife and kids," the
onlooker explained.  "Would you be willing to help?"
	"Well, sure," replied the New Yorker.  "I suppose I could spare a
gallon or two."


If you fail to plan, plan to fail.


QOTD:
	"Silence is the only virtue he has left."


better !pout !cry
better watchout
lpr why
santa claus <north pole >town

cat /etc/passwd >list
ncheck list
ncheck list
cat list | grep naughty >nogiftlist
cat list | grep nice >giftlist
santa claus <north pole >town

who | grep sleeping
who | grep awake
who | egrep 'bad|good'
for (goodness sake) {
	be good
}


Oh, Aunty Em, it's so good to be home!


Debug is human, de-fix divine.


	WARNING TO ALL PERSONNEL:

Firings will continue until morale improves.


Slowly and surely the Unix crept up on the Nintendo user ...


If you ever want to have a lot of fun, I recommend that you go off and program
an embedded system.  The salient characteristic of an embedded system is that
it cannot be allowed to get into a state from which only direct intervention
will suffice to remove it.  An embedded system can't permanently trust anything
it hears from the outside world.  It must sniff around, adapt, consider, sniff
around, and adapt again.  I'm not talking about ordinary modular programming
carefulness here.  No.  Programming an embedded system calls for undiluted
raging maniacal paranoia.  For example, our ethernet front ends need to know
what network number they are on so that they can address and route PUPs
properly.  How do you find out what your network number is?  Easy, you ask a
gateway.  Gateways are required by definition to know their correct network
numbers.  Once you've got your network number, you start using it and before
you can blink you've got it wired into fifteen different sockets spread all
over creation.  Now what happens when the panic-stricken operator realizes he
was running the wrong version of the gateway which was giving out the wrong
network number?  Never supposed to happen.  Tough.  Supposing that your
software discovers that the gateway is now giving out a different network
number than before, what's it supposed to do about it?  This is not discussed
in the protocol document.  Never supposed to happen.  Tough.  I think you
get my drift.


Knowledge is power.
		-- Francis Bacon


After rushing into a drugstore, the nervous young man was obviously
embarrassed when a prim thirty-ish woman asked if she could serve him.
	"N-no," he stammered, "I'd like to see the druggist."
	"I'm the druggist", she replied cheerfully.
	"Oh.. well, uh, it's nothing important," he said, and turned to leave.
	"Young man," said the woman, "my sister and I have been running this
drugstore for nearly ten years.  There is nothing you can tell us that will
embarrass us.
	"Well, all right," he said.  "I have this awful sexual hunger that
nothing will appease.  No matter how many times I make love, I still want to
make love again and again.  Is there anything you can give me for it?"
	"Just a moment," said the woman, "I'll have to discuss this with my
sister."
	A few minutes later, she returned.  "The best we can do," she said,
"is room and board and a half-interest in the business."


We have an equal opportunity Calculus class -- it's fully integrated.


The VFW represents many who died to give this country a second chance
to make it what it is supposed to be -- God's guest house on earth.
		-- John Wayne


"Rights" is a fictional abstraction.  No one has "Rights", neither
machines nor flesh-and-blood.  Persons... have opportunities, not
rights, which they use or do not use.
		-- Lazarus Long


So it's ai yi yi yi,
Your mother scores more than Wayne Gretzky!
So sing me another verse that worse than the other verse,
And waltz me around by my willie!

	There once was a man from Nantucket!
	Whose cock was so long he could suck it!
		He said with a grin,
		As he wiped off his chin,
	If my ear were a cunt I could fuck it!

So it's ai yi yi yi,
Your sister does squat thrusts on flag poles!
So sing me another verse that worse than the other verse,
And waltz me around by my willie!

	There once was a young man from Boston!
	Who drove around town in an Austin!
		There was room for his ass,
		And a gallon of gas,
	So he hung out his balls and he lost 'em!


I'm prepared for all emergencies but
totally unprepared for everyday life.


If everybody minded their own business, the world would go
around a deal faster.
		-- The Duchess; Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


It is illegal to say "Oh, Boy" in Jonesboro, Georgia.


Hailing frequencies open, Captain.


Nobody shot me.
		-- Frank Gusenberg, his last words, when asked by police
		   who had shot him 14 times with a machine gun in the
		   Saint Valentine's Day Massacre.

Only Capone kills like that.
		-- George "Bugs" Moran, on the Saint Valentine's Day Massacre

The only man who kills like that is Bugs Moran.
		-- Al Capone, on the Saint Valentine's Day Massacre


How you look depends on where you go.


Gentlemen do not read each other's mail.
		-- Secretary of State Henry Stimson, on closing down
		   the Black Chamber, the precursor to the National
		   Security Agency.


Rating women on the Budweiser scale; the number
of Clydesdales it would take to pull you off her.


Coward, n.:
	One who in a perilous emergency thinks with his legs.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The Ranger isn't gonna like it, Yogi.


	It was her wedding night, and the sweet young thing was in a
romantic haze.  "Oh, darling," she sighed, "We're married at last.
It's all like a wonderful dream!"
	Her husband didn't answer.  A few moments passed.  She sighed again
and said, "I'm afraid I'll awake in a moment and find it isn't true."
	Still no response from her spouse.  Another pause and another
sensuous sigh, then, softly, "I just can't believe that I'm really your
wife."
	"Damn it," growled her mate, "as soon as I get this shoelace untied,
you will!"


It's a bitch being butch.


"Being disintegrated makes me ve-ry an-gry!" <huff, huff>


	"Your son still sliding down the banisters?"
	"We wound barbed wire around them."
	"That stop him?"
	"No, but it sure slowed him up."


For I do not do the good I want, but the evil I do not want is what I do.
		-- Paul of Tarsus, (Saint Paul)


Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"

Whenever one person is found adequate to the discharge of a duty by
close application thereto, it is worse execute by two persons and
scarcely done at all if three or more are employed therein.
		-- George Washington (1732-1799)


If you hype something and it succeeds, you're a genius -- it wasn't a
hype.  If you hype it and it fails, then it was just a hype.
		-- Neil Bogart


Some changes are so slow, you don't notice them.
Others are so fast, they don't notice you.


Sentimentality -- that's what we call the sentiment we don't share.
		-- Graham Greene


The distinction between true and false appears to become
increasingly blurred by... the pollution of the language.
		-- Arne Tiselius


Politics is supposed to be the second oldest profession.  I have come to
realize that it bears a very close resemblance to the first.
		-- Ronald Reagan


If God is One, what is bad?
		-- Charles Manson


Macho, adj.:
	Jogging home from a vasectomy.


Disclose classified information only when a NEED TO KNOW exists.


At last, the first Soviet, artificially intelligent computer had been produced.
The engineers did not get it, nor the physicists.  First things first: it went
to the institute of Marxism-Leninism.

"IS IT POSSIBLE TO BUILD SOCIALISM IN SWITZERLAND?" typed in one of the
	theologians.
"YES," replied the computer.  "BUT IT WOULD BE SUCH A PITY TO DESTROY
	SUCH A BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY."


Does it rape elephants?
		-- Brent Byer


In France they piss on Main Street
(In pissoirs, Mama, not cheap display).
		-- Joni Mitchell


We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
		-- Calvin Coolidge


I shall give a propagandist reason for starting the war, no matter whether
it is plausible or not.  The victor will not be asked afterwards whether
he told the truth or not.  When starting and waging war it is not right
that matters, but victory.
		-- Adolf Hitler


Performance:
	A statement of the speed at which a computer system works.  Or
	rather, might work under certain circumstances.  Or was rumored
	to be working over in Jersey about a month ago.


Economists state their GNP growth projections to the nearest tenth of a
percentage point to prove they have a sense of humor.
		-- Edgar R. Fiedler


Since we're all here, we must not be all there.
		-- Bob "Mountain" Beck


Welcome thy neighbor into thy fallout shelter.
He'll come in handy if you run out of food.
		-- Dean McLaughlin


Forms follow function, and often obliterate it.


