Those of you who think you know it all upset those of us who do.


My darling wife was always glum.
I drowned her in a cask of rum,
And so made sure that she would stay
In better spirits night and day.


Things are more like they are today than they ever were before.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


You can beat my meat, but you can't lick my sauce!
		-- Boss' Ribs, Portland, Oregon


The temperature of the aqueous content of an unremittingly ogled
culinary vessel will not achieve 100 degrees on the Celsius scale.


The two things that you should never lend out are your car
or your woman.  Someone's bound to throw a rod in either one.


A putt that stops close enough to the cup to inspire such comments as
"you could blow it in" may be blown in.  This rule does not apply if
the ball is more than three inches from the hole, because no one wants
to make a travesty of the game.
		-- Donald A. Metz


If your bread is stale, make toast.


If at first you don't succeed, you're doing about average.
		-- Leonard Levinson


A fellow bought a new car, a Nissan, and was quite happy with his purchase.
He was something of an animist, however, and felt that the car really ought
to have a name.  This presented a problem, as he was not sure if the name
should be masculine or feminine.
	After considerable thought, he settled on naming the car either
Belchazar or Beaumadine, but remained in a quandry about the final choice.
	"Is a Nissan male or female?" he began asking his friends.  Most of
them looked at him peculiarly, mumbled things about urgent appointments, and
went on their way rather quickly.
	He finally broached the question to a lady he knew who held a black
belt in judo.  She thought for a moment and answered "Feminine."
	The swiftness of her response puzzled him. "You're sure of that?" he
asked.
	"Certainly," she replied. "They wouldn't sell very well if they were
masculine."
	"Unhhh...  Well, why not?"
	"Because people want a car with a reputation for going when you want
it to.  And, if Nissan's are female, it's like they say...  `Each Nissan, she
go!'"

	[No, we WON'T explain it; go ask someone who practices an oriental
	martial art.  (Tai Chi Chuan probably doesn't count.)  Ed.]


Preserve the old, but know the new.


The first child of a Mrs. Keats-Shelley
Came to light with its face in its belly;
	Her second was born
	With a hump and a horn,
And her third was as shapeless as jelly.
		-- Edward Gorey


The most hopelessly stupid man is he who is not aware that he is wise.


Tehee quod she, and clapte the wyndow to.
		-- Geoffrey Chaucer


The more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war.


f u cn rd ths, u r prbbly a lsy spllr.


God has intended the great to be great and the little to be little...
The trade unions, under the European system, destroy liberty [...] I do
not mean to say that a dollar a day is enough to support a workingman...
not enough to support a man and five children if he insists on smoking
and drinking beer.  But the man who cannot live on bread and water is
not fit to live!  A family may live on good bread and water in the
morning, water and bread at midday, and good bread and water at night!
		-- Rev. Henry Ward Beecher


You can't start worrying about what's going to happen.
You get spastic enough worrying about what's happening now.
		-- Lauren Bacall


The future is a myth created by insurance
salesmen and high school counselors.


Documentation is like sex:  when it is good, it is very,
very good; and when it is bad, it is better than nothing.
		-- Dick Brandon


Norm:	Hey, everybody.
All:	[silence; everybody is mad at Norm for being rich.]
Norm:	[Carries on both sides of the conversation himself.]
	Norm!   (Norman.)
	How are you feeling today, Norm?
	Rich and thirsty.  Pour me a beer.
		-- Cheers, Tan 'n Wash

Woody:	What's the latest, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:	Zsa-Zsa marries a millionaire, Peterson drinks a beer.
	Film at eleven.
		-- Cheers, Knights of the Scimitar

Woody: How are you today, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Never been better, Woody. ... Just once I'd like to be better.
		-- Cheers, Chambers vs. Malone


No two persons ever read the same book.
		-- Edmund Wilson


And now your toner's toney,		Disk blocks aplenty
And your paper near pure white,		Await your laser drawn lines,
The smudges on your soul are gone	Your intricate fonts,
And your output's clean as light..	Your pictures and signs.

We've labored with your father,		Your amputative absence
The venerable XGP,			Has made the Ten dumb,
But his slow artistic hand,		Without you, Dover,
Lacks your clean velocity.		We're system untounged-

Theses and papers			DRAW Plots and TEXage
And code in a queue			Have been biding their time,
Dover, oh Dover,			With LISP code and programs,
We've been waiting for you.		And this crufty rhyme.

Dover, oh Dover,		Dover, oh Dover, arisen from dead.
We welcome you back,		Dover, oh Dover, awoken from bed.
Though still you may jam,	Dover, oh Dover, welcome back to the Lab.
You're on the right track.	Dover, oh Dover, we've missed your clean
					hand...


The sealed-paper-in-a-safe thing is only your last resort if all your
password-knowers get hit by a redundant array of inexperienced busdrivers.
		-- jpd on comp.unix.freebsd.bsd.misc


QOTD:
	"Of course it's the murder weapon.  Who would frame someone with
	a fake?"


There's a whole WORLD in a mud puddle!
		-- Doug Clifford


One thing I have no worry about is whether God exists.  But it has
occurred to me that God has Alzheimer's and has forgotten we exist.
		-- Jane Wagner, "The Search for Signs of Intelligent
		   Life in the Universe"


Dear Abby:
	I just met the most terrific girl and we get along fabulously.  I
think she's the one for me.  There's just one problem: I can't remember
from our first date if she told me she had TB or VD.  What should I do?
			-- Confused

Dear Confused:
	If she coughs, fuck her.


Cocaine is nature's way of telling you you have too much money.


Love thy neighbor as thyself, but choose your neighborhood.
		-- Louise Beal


Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.
		-- Salvor Hardin, "Foundation"


Science may someday discover what faith has always known.


We call our dog Egypt, because in every room he leaves a pyramid.


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL:		#37
	Can you name the seven seas?
		Antarctic, Arctic, North Atlantic, South Atlantic, Indian,
		North Pacific, South Pacific.
	Can you name the seven dwarfs from Snow White?
		Doc, Dopey, Sneezy, Happy, Grumpy, Sleepy and Bashful.


There are no manifestos like cannon and musketry.
		-- The Duke of Wellington


The seven year itch comes from fooling around during the fourth, fifth,
and sixth years.


There are those who claim that magic is like the tide; that it swells and
fades over the surface of the earth, collecting in concentrated pools here
and there, almost disappearing from other spots, leaving them parched for
wonder.  There are also those who believe that if you stick your fingers up
your nose and blow, it will increase your intelligence.
		-- The Teachings of Ebenezum, Volume VII


The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard.


Miller's Slogan:
	Lose a few, lose a few.


Death is a spirit leaving a body, sort
of like a shell leaving the nut behind.
		-- Erma Bombeck


	As we know, there are known knowns.  There are things we know we
know.  We also know there are known unknowns.  That is to say, we know
there are some things we do not know.  But there are also unknown
unknowns; the ones we don't know we don't know.
		-- United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld
		   12 February 2002, Regarding the US invasion of Iraq


May the fleas of a thousand camels infest your armpits.


	It was her wedding night, and the sweet young thing was in a
romantic haze.  "Oh, darling," she sighed, "We're married at last.
It's all like a wonderful dream!"
	Her husband didn't answer.  A few moments passed.  She sighed again
and said, "I'm afraid I'll awake in a moment and find it isn't true."
	Still no response from her spouse.  Another pause and another
sensuous sigh, then, softly, "I just can't believe that I'm really your
wife."
	"Damn it," growled her mate, "as soon as I get this shoelace untied,
you will!"


A journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance from Sam.


Mustgo, n.:
	Any item of food that has been sitting in the refrigerator so
	long it has become a science project.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


The most popular labor-saving device today is still a husband with money.
		-- Joey Adams, "Cindy and I"


I hate quotations.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


I respect the institution of marriage.  I have always thought that every
woman should marry -- and no man.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli, "Lothair"


When I get real bored, I like to drive downtown and get a great parking spot,
then sit in my car and count how many people ask me if I'm leaving.
		-- Steven Wright


Bug, n.:
	An elusive creature living in a program that makes it incorrect.
	The activity of "debugging", or removing bugs from a program, ends
	when people get tired of doing it, not when the bugs are removed.
		-- "Datamation", January 15, 1984


What ever happened to happily ever after?


The penalty for laughing in a courtroom is six months in jail; if it
were not for this penalty, the jury would never hear the evidence.
		-- H. L. Mencken


I never did it that way before.


	A farm in the country side had several turkeys, it was known as the
house of seven gobbles.


To be a kind of moral Unix, he touched the hem of Nature's shift.
		-- Shelley


Help stamp out and abolish redundancy!


Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.


In Tulsa, Oklahoma, it is against the law to open a soda bottle without
the supervision of a licensed engineer.


I'll never get off this planet.
		-- Luke Skywalker


I'm still waiting for the advent of the computer science groupie.


I never met a woman I couldn't drink pretty.


That's one small step for a man; one giant leap for mankind.
		-- Neil Armstrong


A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
		-- Gloria Steinem


She applies her lipstick in spite of its contents: "greasy rouge,
containing crushed and dried insect corpses for coloring, beeswax
for stiffness, and olive oil to help it flow - the latter having
the unfortunate tendency to go rancid several hours after use.

In 1924 the New York Board of Health considered banning lipstick,
not because it was hazardous to the wearers but because of "the
worry that it might poison the men who kissed the women who wore it."
		-- David Bodanis, "The Secret House"


The gent who wakes up and finds himself a success hasn't been asleep.


By the time they had diminished from 50 to 8, the other dwarves began
to suspect "Hungry" ...
		-- Gary Larson, "The Far Side"


Immanuel doesn't pun, he Kant.


Faith:	Tell me you don't get off on this!
Buffy:	It didn't suck.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Bad Girls"
		   Season 3, Episode 14


So, if there's no God, who changes the water?
		-- New Yorker cartoon of two goldfish in a bowl


If scientific reasoning were limited to the logical processes of
arithmetic, we should not get very far in our understanding of the physical
world.  One might as well attempt to grasp the game of poker entirely by
the use of the mathematics of probability.
		-- Vannevar Bush


You are sick, twisted and perverted.
I like that in a person.


Children aren't happy without something to ignore,
And that's what parents were created for.
		-- Ogden Nash


In California they don't throw their garbage away -- they make
it into television shows.
		-- Woody Allen, "Annie Hall"


Talkers are no good doers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


May a deranged midget on a pogo stick
take refuge in your sister's hoop skirt.


It is better to have loved and lost -- much better.


Love letters no longer they write us,
To their homes they so seldom invite us.
	It grieves me to say,
	They have learned with dismay,
We can't cure their "vulva pruritus."


Large cats can be dangerous, but a little pussy never hurt anyone.


What happened last night can happen again.


When two people are under the influence of the most violent, most
insane, most delusive, and most transient of passions, they are
required to swear that they will remain in that excited, abnormal, and
exhausting condition continuously until death do them part.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


There is a Massachusetts law requiring all dogs to have their hind legs
tied during the month of April.


But I always fired into the nearest hill or, failing that, into blackness.
I meant no harm;  I just liked the explosions.  And I was careful never to
kill more than I could eat.
		-- Raoul Duke


The groundhog is like most other prophets;
it delivers its message and then disappears.


The bishop of Alexandretta
Loved a girl and he couldn't forget her.
	So he thought he'd enshrine her
	As the Holy Vagina
In the Church of the Sacred French Letter.


Violence is molding.


	Something mysterious is formed, born in the silent void.  Waiting
alone and unmoving, it is at once still and yet in constant motion.  It is
the source of all programs.  I do not know its name, so I will call it the
Tao of Programming.
	If the Tao is great, then the operating system is great.  If the
operating system is great, then the compiler is great.  If the compiler is
greater, then the applications is great.  The user is pleased and there is
harmony in the world.
	The Tao of Programming flows far away and returns on the wind of
morning.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Joe sat as his dying wife's bedside.
Her voice was little more than a whisper.
	"Joe, darling," she breathed, "I've got a confession to make
before I go.  I ... I'm the one who took the $10,000 from your safe...
I spent it on a fling with your best friend, Charles.  And it was I who
forced your mistress to leave the city.  And I am the one who reported
your income-tax evasion to the I.R.S..."
	"That's all right, dearest, don't give it a second thought,"
whispered Joe. "I'm the one who poisoned you."


When are you BUTTHEADS gonna learn that you can't oppose Gestapo
tactics *with* Gestapo tactics?
		-- Reuben Flagg


Man has made his bedlam; let him lie in it.
		-- Fred Allen


Cable is not a luxury, since many areas have poor TV reception.
		-- The Mayor of Tucson, Arizona, 1989


The Law of the Letter:
	The best way to inspire fresh thoughts is to seal the envelope.


APHASIA:
	Loss of speech in social scientists when asked
	at parties, "But of what use is your research?"


There is no choice before us.  Either we must Succeed in providing
the rational coordination of impulses and guts, or for centuries
civilization will sink into a mere welter of minor excitements.
We must provide a Great Age or see the collapse of the upward
striving of the human race.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead


Diet Mountain Dew has the same pH and density of urine.
		-- Newsweek, 31 July, 1989


You can do very well in speculation where
land or anything to do with dirt is concerned.


Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes, and not rather
a new wearer of clothes.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


The only really good place to buy lumber is at a store where the lumber
has already been cut and attached together in the form of furniture,
finished, and put inside boxes.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Sure, Reagan has promised to take senility tests.  But what if he
forgets?


A fool-proof method for sculpting an elephant: first, get a huge block
of marble; then you chip away everything that doesn't look like an elephant.


One of the first things school children in Texas learn is how to
compose a simple declarative sentence without the word "shit" in it.


Bypasses are devices that allow some people to dash from point A to
point B very fast while other people dash from point B to point A very
fast.  People living at point C, being a point directly in between, are
often given to wonder what's so great about point A that so many people
from point B are so keen to get there and what's so great about point B
that so many people from point A are so keen to get _t_h_e_r_e.  They often
wish that people would just once and for all work out where the hell
they wanted to be.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Disks travel in packs.


Good night, Austin, Texas, wherever you are!


Stock's Observation:
	You no sooner get your head above water
	but what someone pulls your flippers off.


Share and enjoy, share and enjoy.
Journey through life with a plastic boy or girl by your side.
Let your pal be your guide.
And when it breaks down or starts to annoy,
	or grinds when it moves and gives you no joy,
	'cause it digs up your hat,
	or has sex with your cat,
	sprays oil on your wall or rips off your door,
	and you get to the point you can't stand any more.
Bring it to us, we won't give a shit.
We'll tell you: "Go stick your head in a pig".


If you didn't have most of your friends,
you wouldn't have most of your problems.


Congratulations!

Some products leave home silently, some go kicking and screaming.  If
v1.0 was the first born who came downstairs with shoes untied missing
a sock and a belt, then this one was a full fledged punk rocker
with neon hair and multiple piercings.  I believe we squeezed it into
a suit and tie and brought its color back to an earth tone before it
left.

		-- An HP engineering project manager who shall remain
		   nameless to the development team after releasing
		   the second version of their product.


An honest tale speeds best being plainly told.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


Weinberg's Principle:
	An expert is a person who avoids the small errors while sweeping
	on to the grand fallacy.


Q:	How did the elephant get to the top of the oak tree?
A:	He sat on an acorn and waited for spring.

Q:	But how did he get back down?
A:	He crawled out on a leaf and waited for autumn.


The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away.
Indian Giver be the name of the Lord.


You are farsighted, a good planner,
an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.


Even God cannot change the past.
		-- Joseph Stalin


The good doctor had been an inspiration to the jungle natives.  He had cured
their sick and taught them the religious and moral values of his own England.
He was loved and respected by every native in the village, but on this
particular afternoon the chief was obviously troubled as he entered the
doctor's hut.  "You live among my people long time now," said the chief.
"You tell us not right for a man and girl to be close together before
marriage and we believe what you say.  This morning white child born to
woman in village.  You only white man in jungle.  What I tell my people?"
	The doctor smiled and led the chief to a window.  "My son," he said,
"I'll won't attempt to give you a full scientific explanation for the
phenomenon known as an albino.  But look at the flock of sheep upon that
hill.  Every one is snow white except one.  The white baby born to the
woman in your village means nothing more or less than that one black sheep
in the white flock.  It is simply one of nature's mysterious accidents."
	The black chief became embarrassed and looked at his feet. "OK, doc,"
he said.  "You no tell -- I no tell."


Hear about...
	the over-eager bride who came, walking down the aisle?


Whom the mad would destroy, first they make Gods.
		-- Bernard Levin


You will be awarded some great honor.


HELP!!!! I'm being held prisoner in /usr/share/games/fortune!


Oh, love is real enough, you will find it some day, but it has one
arch-enemy -- and that is life.
		-- Jean Anouilh, "Ardele"


The only way for writers to meet is to share a quick pee over a common
lamp-post.
		-- Cyril Connolly, "Journal and Memoir"


