The Reverend Henry Ward Beecher
Called a hen a most elegant creature.
	The hen, pleased with that,
	Laid an egg in his hat --
And thus did the hen reward Beecher.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


QOTD:
	"I met her [his fiance] over lunch on Thursday.  She had a firm
	grip.  He's a lucky man."


If they can't take a joke, then fuck 'em.
If they can, then fuck 'em.


What has roots as nobody sees,
Is taller than trees,
Up, up it goes,
And yet never grows?


Drinking makes such fools of people, and people are such fools to begin
with, that it's compounding a felony.
		-- Robert Benchley


Q:	What do you do if an Irishman throws a pin at you?
A:	Run like hell, he's got a grenade in his mouth!!


FORTUNE PRESENTS FAMOUS LAST WORDS:	#4

Socrates:		I DRANK WHAT!?!?
Tarzan:			Who greased the grape viiiiiiiiiiiinnnneee........
Al Capone:		There's a violin in my violin case!
Pilot, TWA Fl. #343:	What's a mountain goat doing 'way up here?


FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #4

A:	Go west, young man, go west!
Q:	What do wabbits do when they get tiwed of wunning awound?


A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil.
		-- Victor Hugo


If you're worried by earthquakes and nuclear war,
As well as by traffic and crime,
Consider how worry-free gophers are,
Though living on burrowed time.
		-- Richard Armour, WSJ, 11/7/83


Know what I hate most?  Rhetorical questions.
		-- Henry N. Camp


The most dangerous organization in America today is:

	a) The KKK
	b) The American Nazi Party
	c) The Delta Frequent Flyer Club


When neither their poverty nor their honor is
touched, the majority of men live content.
		-- Niccolo Machiavelli


He could be a poster child for retroactive birth control.


Politics, like religion, hold up the
torches of martyrdom to the reformers of error.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Saliva causes cancer, but only if swallowed
in small amounts over a long period of time.
		-- George Carlin


Money and women are the most sought after and the least known of any two
things we have.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


Half-done, n.:
	This is the best way to eat a kosher dill -- when it's still crunchy,
	light green, yet full of garlic flavor.  The difference between this
	and the typical soggy dark green cucumber corpse is like the
	difference between life and death.

	You may find it difficult to find a good half-done kosher dill there
	in Seattle, so what you should do is take a cab out to the airport,
	fly to New York, take the JFK Express to Jay Street-Borough Hall,
	transfer to an uptown F, get off at East Broadway, walk north on
	Essex (along the park), make your first left onto Hester Street, walk
	about fifteen steps, turn ninety degrees left, and stop.  Say to the
	man, "Let me have a nice half-done."  Worth the trouble, wasn't it?
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


I loathe people who keep dogs.  They are cowards who haven't got the guts
to bite people themselves.
		-- August Strindberg


Wilcox's Law:
	A pat on the back is only a few
	centimeters from a kick in the pants.


	"You have heard me speak of Professor Moriarty?"
	"The famous scientific criminal, as famous among crooks as --"
	"My blushes, Watson," Holmes murmured, in a deprecating voice.  "I
was about to say 'as he is unknown to the public.'"
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "The Valley of Fear"


Political history is far too criminal a subject to be a fit thing to
teach children.
		-- W. H. Auden


Never sleep with a woman whose troubles are worse than your own.
		-- Nelson Algren


	If you do your best the rest of the way, that takes care of
everything. When we get to October 2, we'll add up the wins, and then
we'll either all go into the playoffs, or we'll all go home and play golf.
	Both those things sound pretty good to me.
		-- Sparky Anderson


Never tell people how to do things.  Tell them WHAT to
do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.
		-- Gen. George S. Patton, Jr.


...and report cards I was always afraid to show
Mama'd come to school
and as I'd sit there softly cryin'
Teacher'd say he's just not tryin'
Got a good head if he'd apply it
but you know yourself
it's always somewhere else
I'd build me a castle
with dragons and kings
and I'd ride off with them
As I stood by my window
and looked out on those
Brooklyn roads
		-- Neil Diamond, "Brooklyn Roads"


In bed Dr. Oscar McPugh
Spoke of Spengler -- and ate crackers too.
	His wife said, "Oh, stuff
	That philosophy guff
Up your ass, dear, and throw me a screw!"


CONSULTANT:
	[From con "to defraud, dupe, swindle," or, possibly, French con
	(vulgar) "a person of little merit" + sult elliptical form of
	"insult."]  A tipster disguised as an oracle, especially one who
	has learned to decamp at high speed in spite of a large briefcase
	and heavy wallet.


It is easier to make a saint out of a libertine than out of a prig.
		-- George Santayana


When I was little, I went into a pet shop and they asked how big I'd get.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


Academic politics is the most vicious and bitter form of politics,
because the stakes are so low.
		-- Wallace Sayre


If only is was as easy to banish hunger by rubbing the belly as it is to
masturbate.
		-- Diogenes the Cynic


Sorry 'bout that sweat, honey.  That's just holy water.
		-- Little Richard


Lucky is he for whom the belle toils.


Noncombatant, n.:
	A dead Quaker.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Meeting, n.:
	An assembly of people coming together to decide what person or
	department not represented in the room must solve a problem.


Abraham Lincoln didn't die in vain.  He died in Washington, D.C.


Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.
		-- Hector Berlioz


When we are planning for posterity,
we ought to remember that virtue is not hereditary.
		-- Thomas Paine


Just because you like my stuff doesn't mean I owe you anything.
		-- Bob Dylan


There's nothing wrong with teenagers that
reasoning with them won't aggravate.


	One night the captain of a tanker saw a light dead ahead.  He
directed his signalman to flash a signal to the light which went...
	"Change course 10 degrees South."
	The reply was quickly flashed back...
	"You change course 10 degrees North."
	The captain was a little annoyed at this reply and sent a further
message.....
	"I am a captain.  Change course 10 degrees South."
	Back came the reply...
	"I am an able-seaman.  Change course 10 degrees North."
	The captain was outraged at this reply and send a message....
"I am a 240,000 tonne tanker.  CHANGE course 10 degrees South!"
	Back came the reply...
	"I am a LIGHTHOUSE.  Change course 10 degrees North!!!!"
		-- Cruising Helmsman, "On The Right Course"


This universe shipped by weight, not by volume.  Some expansion of the
contents may have occurred during shipment.


They seem to have learned the habit of cowering before authority even when
not actually threatened.  How very nice for authority.  I decided not to
learn this particular lesson.
		-- Richard Stallman


Didja hear about the dyslexic devil worshiper who sold his soul to Santa?


If you're constantly being mistreated,
you're cooperating with the treatment.


The C Programming Language -- A language which combines the
flexibility of assembly language with the power of assembly language.


No one is listening until you fart.


Two hundred years ago today, Irma Chine of White Plains, New York, was
performing her normal housekeeping routines.  She was interrupted by
British soldiers who, rallying to the call of their supervisor, General
Hughes, sought to gain control of the voter registration lists kept in
her home.  Masking her fear and thinking fast, Mrs. Chine quickly divided
a nearby apple in two and deftly stored the list in its center.  Upon
entering, the British blatantly violated every conceivable convention,
and, though they went through the house virtually bit by bit, their
search was fruitless.  They had to return empty handed.  Word of the
incident propagated rapidly through the region.  This historic event
became the first documented use of core storage for the saving of registers.


Higgeldy Piggeldy,
Hamlet of Elsinore
Ruffled the critics by dropping this bomb:
"Phooey on Freud and his Psychoanalysis --
Oedipus, Shmoedipus, I just loved Mom."


It's just a jump to the left
	And then a step to the right.
Put your hands on your hips
	You bring your knees in tight.
But it's the pelvic thrust
	That really drives you insa-a-a-a-a-ane!

	LET'S DO THE TIME WARP AGAIN!

		-- Rocky Horror Picture Show


It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli


Said Francesca, "My lack of volition
Is leading me straight to perdition;
	But I haven't the strength
	To go to the length
Of making an act of contrition."
		-- Edward Gorey


Modern art is what happens when painters stop looking at girls and persuade
themselves that they have a better idea.
		-- John Ciardi


Humorists always sit at the children's table.
		-- Woody Allen


The thrill is here, but it won't last long
You'd better have your fun before it moves along...


If women ran the military complex, would the missiles be shaped differently?


He:	"Hey, Baby, I'd sure like to get in your pants!"
She:	"No, thanks, I've already got one asshole in there now."


The woman who lives on the moon
Is still cherishing the balloon
	Of an earthling who'd come
	And given her some,
But had dribbled away all too soon.


	...He who laughs does not believe in what he laughs at, but neither
does he hate it.  Therefore, laughing at evil means not preparing oneself to
combat it, and laughing at good means denying the power through which good is
self-propagating.
		-- Umberto Eco, "The Name of the Rose"


All parts should go together without forcing.  You must remember that the
parts you are reassembling were disassembled by you.  Therefore, if you
can't get them together again, there must be a reason.  By all means, do
not use a hammer.
		-- IBM maintenance manual, 1925


"First World" nations are the ones where people drive Japanese cars;
"Second World" nations are where First World residents go on vacation;
and "Third World" nations are the ones where people still dive out of
trees to prove their manhood.
		-- Dave Barry


	A musical reviewer admitted he always praised the first show of a
new theatrical season.  "Who am I to stone the first cast?"


Has anyone ever tasted an "end"?  Are they really bitter?


Where will it all end?
Probably somewhere near where it all began.


	Two morticians alternated in sharing the responsibility of covering
the night shift. One early morning about 3:00 am, a body was brought into the
mortuary, and the mortician began work.  When he had unclothed the corpse, he
noticed a cork in the anus. Removing it, the strains of "Hello, Dolly, well,
hello, Dolly...!" were plainly heard being sung.  He put the cork back, and
the singing stopped. Pulling it out again, the same song started, "You're
lookin' swell, Dolly!".  Amazed, he telephoned his partner, and insisted he
come immediately to see something very unusual. Roused from sleep, the partner
asked if it could wait until morning. It took great persistence, but finally
the partner agreed to dress and come down to the shop.  When he got there, he
said, "Now what was it that was so important you had to get me out of bed at
this ungodly hour?"
	The man said, "Come into the embalming room."
	They go into the embalming room, and the first partner says, "Now
watch."
	He pulls out the cork, and the anus takes off singing again. The
partner looks at him disgustedly and says:  "You brought me down here at
three in the morning just to hear some asshole sing Hello Dolly"?


Just once, I wish we would encounter
an alien menace that wasn't immune to bullets.
		-- The Brigadier, "Doctor Who"


Opportunities are usually disguised as hard
work, so most people don't recognize them.


Every man is as God made him, ay, and often worse.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


	When the surgeon came to see her on the morning after her
operation, the young woman asked her somewhat hesitantly how long it
would be before she could resume her sex life.  "I really haven't
thought about it," gulped the stunned surgeon.  "You're the first
patient who's asked me that after a tonsillectomy!"


Winning isn't everything, but losing really sucks.


SAGITTARIUS (Nov.22 - Dec.21)
	Your efforts to help a little old lady cross a street will
	backfire when you learn that she was waiting for a bus.  Subdue
	impulse you have to push her out into traffic.


IRONY:
	A windy day, when, just as a beautiful girl with
	a short skirt approaches, dust blows in your eyes.


If I have seen farther than others, it is because I was standing on the
shoulders of giants.
		-- Isaac Newton

In the sciences, we are now uniquely privileged to sit side by side with
the giants on whose shoulders we stand.
		-- Gerald Holton

If I have not seen as far as others, it is because giants were standing on
my shoulders.
		-- Hal Abelson

Mathematicians stand on each other's shoulders.
		-- Gauss

Mathematicians stand on each other's shoulders while computer scientists
stand on each other's toes.
		-- Richard Hamming

It has been said that physicists stand on one another's shoulders.  If
this is the case, then programmers stand on one another's toes, and
software engineers dig each other's graves.
		-- Unknown


A pedestal is as much a prison as any small, confined space.
		-- Gloria Steinem


	An airplane pilot got engaged to two very pretty women at the same
time.  One was named Edith; the other named Kate.  They met, discovered they
had the same fiancee, and told him.  "Get out of our lives you rascal.  We'll
teach you that you can't have your Kate and Edith, too."


Hear about...
	the 97-year-old prostitute who got herself listed in the Yellow
	Pages and now claims to be the oldest trick in the book?


Women who want to be equal to men lack imagination
		-- Graffito in a women's restroom


He drank with curvy Mable,
The pace was fast and furious,
He slid beneath the table,
Not drunk but merely curious.


Don't you wish you had more energy... or less ambition?


Nobody ever died from oven crude poisoning.


Your responsibility as a parent is not as great as you might imagine.  You
need not supply the world with the next conqueror of disease or major motion
picture star.  If your child simply grows up to be someone who does not use
the word "collectible" as a noun, you can consider yourself an unqualified
success.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


A decade after Vietnam, we still cannot understand why "their"
Salvadorans fight better than "our" Salvadorans.  It is not a matter of
their training or their equipment.  It has to do with the quality of the
society we are asking them to risk death defending.  The metaphor of the
domino obscures this reality, and the cost our self-imposed blindness
is high.  San Salvador is closer to Saigon than to Munich.
		-- William LeoGrande, "New York Times", 3/9/83


Q:	Why did the epileptic cross the road?
A:	He couldn't help it.

Q:	What do you do if an epileptic has a seizure in the bathtub?
A:	Throw in the dirty clothes and some laundry detergent.


The Fortune Travel Agency offers a special... Vacation in Hell!
	-- Grace Kelly drives you to the airport.
	-- Thurman Munson flies you to a remote tropical island.
	-- Ted Kennedy's your chauffeur on the island.
	-- You go yachting with Natalie Wood.
	-- You have drinks with William Holden.
	-- And Roman Polanski stays at home and watches your kids.


I'll learn to play the Saxophone,
I play just what I feel.
Drink Scotch whisky all night long,
And die behind the wheel.
They got a name for the winners in the world,
I want a name when I lose.
They call Alabama the Crimson Tide,
Call me Deacon Blues.
		-- Becker and Fagan, "Deacon Blues"


There were the Scots
Who kept the Sabbath
And everything else they could lay their hands on.
Then there were the Welsh
Who prayed on their knees and their neighbors.
Thirdly there were the Irish
Who never knew what they wanted
But were willing to fight for it anyway.
Lastly there were the English
Who considered themselves a self-made nation
Thus relieving the Almighty of a dreadful responsibility.


Q:	Why did the tachyon cross the road?
A:	Because it was on the other side.


TRUST ME:
	Get me, give me, buy me, do me.


There is no likelihood man can ever tap the power of the atom.
		-- Robert Millikan, Nobel Prize in Physics, 1923


San Francisco, n.:
	Marcel Proust editing an issue of Penthouse.


Buy old masters.  They fetch better prices than old mistresses.
		-- Lord Beaverbrook


Start the day with a smile.
After that you can be your nasty old self again.


Every Horse has an Infinite Number of Legs (proof by intimidation):

Horses have an even number of legs.  Behind they have two legs, and in
front they have fore-legs.  This makes six legs, which is certainly an
odd number of legs for a horse.  But the only number that is both even
and odd is infinity.  Therefore, horses have an infinite number of
legs.  Now to show this for the general case, suppose that somewhere,
there is a horse that has a finite number of legs.  But that is a horse
of another color, and by the [above] lemma ["All horses are the same
color"], that does not exist.


If someone says he will do something "without fail", he won't.


Piece of cake!
		-- G. S. Koblas


The husband who doesn't tell his wife everything probably reasons
that what she doesn't know won't hurt him.
		-- Leo J. Burke


When we are planning for posterity,
we ought to remember that virtue is not hereditary.
		-- Thomas Paine


Optimist, n.:
	A bagpiper with a beeper.


Youth is a disease from which we all recover.
		-- Dorothy Fuldheim


I hate it when my foot falls asleep during the day cause that means
it's going to be up all night.
		-- Steven Wright


I may be getting older, but I refuse to grow up!


Through a major bureaucratic error, you are made county coroner.
You seriously consider the job because it gives you:

	1: Lots of unclaimed wedding rings and watches.
	2: Lots of gold fillings and bridges.
	3: Free blood.
	4: A constantly changing array of new friends who aren't at
	   all stuffy about what happens to their genitalia.


The probability of someone watching you is directly
proportional to the stupidity of your action.


	A mother and her daughter came to the doctor's office.  The mother
asked the doctor to examine her daughter.  "She has been having some strange
symptoms and I'm worried about her," the mother said.
	The doctor examined the daughter carefully.  Then he announced,
"Madam, I believe your daughter is pregnant."
	The mother gasped.  "That's nonsense!" she said.  "Why, my little
girl has never even been out with a man, let alone... let alone..."  She
turns to the girl and said, "Tell the doctor, Susie!"
	"Yes, Mumsy," said the girl.  "Doctor, I have never so much as
kissed a man!"
	The doctor looked from the mother to daughter, and back again.  Then,
silently he stood up and walked to the window.  He stared out.  He continued
staring until the mother felt compelled to ask, "Doctor, is there something
wrong out there?"
	"No, Madam," said the doctor.  "It's just that the last time anything
like this happened, a star appeared in the East and I was looking to see if
another one was going to show up."


	Grover Cleveland, though constantly at loggerheads with the
Senate, got on better with the House of Representatives.  A popular
story circulating during his presidency concerned the night he was
roused by his wife crying, "Wake up!  I think there are burglars in the
house."
	"No, no, my dear," said the president sleepily, "in the Senate
maybe, but not in the House."


we will invent new lullabies, new songs, new acts of love,
we will cry over things we used to laugh &
our new wisdom will bring tears to eyes of gentle
creatures from other planets who were afraid of us till then &
in the end a summer with wild winds &
new friends will be.


What this department needs is a really good inflatable doll.


My soul is crushed, my spirit sore
I do not like me anymore,
I cavil, quarrel, grumble, grouse,
I ponder on the narrow house
I shudder at the thought of men
I'm due to fall in love again.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Enough Rope"


You may worry about your hair-do today, but tomorrow much peanut butter will
be sold.


One dusty July afternoon, somewhere around the turn of the century, Patrick
Malone was in Mulcahey's Bar, bending an elbow with the other street car
conductors from the Brooklyn Traction Company.  While they were discussing the
merits of a local ring hero, the bar goes silent.  Malone turns around to see
his wife, with a face grim as death, stalking to the bar.
	Slapping a four-bit piece down on the bar, she draws herself up to her
full five feet five inches and says to Mulcahey, "Give me what himself has
been havin' all these years."
	Mulcahey looks at Malone, who shrugs, and then back at Margaret Mary
Malone.  He sets out a glass and pours her a triple shot of Rye.  The bar is
totally silent as they watch the woman pick up the glass and knock back the
drink.  She slams the glass down on the bar, gasps, shudders slightly, and
passes out; falling straight back, stiff as a board, saved from sudden contact
with the barroom floor by the ample belly of Seamus Fogerty.
	Sometime later, she comes to on the pool table, a jacket under her
head.  Her bloodshot eyes fell upon her husband, who says, "And all these
years you've been thinkin' I've been enjoying meself."


Men often believe -- or pretend -- that the "Law" is something sacred, or
at least a science -- an unfounded assumption very convenient to governments.


It's easy to forgive someone for being wrong;
it's much harder to forgive them for being right.


If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and
over again, there is no use in reading it at all.
		-- Oscar Wilde


The hacker as a mate/lover and the signs of trouble:

-- The morning after note reads:
	Whiting, Barbara:
	I enjoyed last night.  We really interfaced.  You looked so cute
	I wanted to byte your ear.
-- He believes Steve Wozniak offered the Apple to Adam.
-- The people he tries to emulate are five years his junior.
-- The last straw:
	Once again, your date has lost all track of time debugging a new
	program and shows up an hour late.

	You Don't...:
		Make nasty asides regarding his 5-1/4 inch floppy.
	You Do...:
		Remind him that "going down" doesn't necessarily
		indicate a malfunction.


From a Tru64 patch description:

	Fixes a bug that causes a panic due to software error


	As we know, there are known knowns.  There are things we know we
know.  We also know there are known unknowns.  That is to say, we know
there are some things we do not know.  But there are also unknown
unknowns; the ones we don't know we don't know.
		-- United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld
		   12 February 2002, Regarding the US invasion of Iraq


Katz' Law:
	Men and nations will act rationally when
	all other possibilities have been exhausted.

History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have
exhausted all other alternatives.
		-- Abba Eban


A "full" life in my experience is usually full only of other
people's demands.


Exercise caution in your daily affairs.


I came, I saw, I deleted all your files.


Hear about...
	the guy who was an incurable romantic until penicillin came along?


May a deranged midget on a pogo stick
take refuge in your sister's hoop skirt.


Q:	How many people from New Jersey does it take to change a light
	bulb?
A:	Three.  One to do it, one to watch, and the third to shoot the
	witness.


Keep ancient lands, your storied pomp! cries she
With silent lips.  Give me your tired, your poor,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.
Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me...
		-- Emma Lazarus, "The New Colossus"


This universe shipped by weight, not by volume.  Some expansion of the
contents may have occurred during shipment.


Let me put it this way: today is going to be a learning experience.


Cold, adj.:
	When the politicians walk around with their hands in their own
	pockets.


"I don't think so," said Ren'e Descartes.  Just then, he vanished.


Are you making all this up as you go along?


Mad, adj.:
	Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Biz is better.


Most legislators are so dumb that they couldn't pour piss out of a
boot if the instructions were printed on the heel.


Glib's Fourth Law of Unreliability:
	Investment in reliability will increase until it exceeds the
	probable cost of errors, or until someone insists on getting
	some useful work done.


Allen's Axiom:
	When all else fails, read the instructions.


	The big problem with pornography is defining it.  You can't
just say it's pictures of people naked.  For example, you have these
primitive African tribes that exist by chasing the wildebeest on foot,
and they have to go around largely naked, because, as the old tribal
saying goes: "N'wam k'honi soit qui mali," which means, "If you think
you can catch a wildebeest in this climate and wear clothes at the same
time, then I have some beach front property in the desert region of
Northern Mali that you may be interested in."
	So it's not considered pornographic when National Geographic
publishes color photographs of these people hunting the wildebeest
naked, or pounding one rock onto another rock for some primitive reason
naked, or whatever.  But if National Geographic were to publish an
article entitled "The Girls of the California Junior College System
Hunt the Wildebeest Naked," some people would call it pornography.  But
others would not.  And still others, such as the Spectacularly Rev.
Jerry Falwell, would get upset about seeing the wildebeest naked.
		-- Dave Barry, "Pornography"


Revenge is a form of nostalgia.


Terence, this is stupid stuff:
You eat your victuals fast enough;
There can't be much amiss, 'tis clear,
To see the rate you drink your beer.
But oh, good Lord, the verse you make,
It gives a chap the belly-ache.
The cow, the old cow, she is dead;
It sleeps well the horned head:
We poor lads, 'tis our turn now
To hear such tunes as killed the cow.
Pretty friendship 'tis to rhyme
Your friends to death before their time.
Moping, melancholy mad:
Come, pipe a tune to dance to, lad.
		-- A. E. Housman


THE WORST BANK ROBBERY

In August 1975 three men were on their way in to rob the Royal Bank of
Scotland at Rothesay, when they got stuck in the revolving doors.  They
had to be helped free by the staff and, after thanking everyone,
sheepishly left the building.
A few minutes later they returned and announced their intention of
robbing the bank, but none of the staff believed them.  When they demanded
5,000 pounds in cash, the head cashier laughed at them, convinced that it
was a practical joke.
Then one of the men jumped over the counter, but fell to the floor
clutching his ankle.  The other two tried to make their getaway, but got
trapped in the revolving doors again.


The carbonyl is polarized,
The delta end is plus.
The nucleophile will thus attack,
The carbon nucleus.
Addition makes an alcohol,
Of types there are but three.
It makes a bond, to correspond,
From C to shining C.
		-- Prof. Frank Westheimer, to "America the Beautiful"


Actor:	"I'm a smash hit.  Why, yesterday during the last act, I had
	everyone glued in their seats!"
Oliver Herford:	"Wonderful!  Wonderful!  Clever of you to think of
	it!"


The four building blocks of the universe are fire, water, gravel and
vinyl.
		-- Dave Barry


