A woman is like a dresser ... some man always goin' through her
drawers.
		-- Blind Lemon Pledge


Here's to the girl in little red shoes,
She drinks my liquor, she drinks my booze,
She has no cherry, but that's no sin,
She has the box the cherry came in.


The reverse side also has a reverse side.
		-- Japanese proverb


Women complain about sex more than men.  Their gripes fall into two
categories: (1) Not enough and (2) Too much.
		-- Ann Landers


Have you ever stopped to think what it would be like to have a woman
President?  "I can't deal with the Russians today.  Not now.  I've got
my period."
		-- Steven Moore


We all know that no one understands anything that isn't funny.


We're all in this alone.
		-- Lily Tomlin


A modest woman, dressed out in all her finery,
is the most tremendous object in the whole creation.
		-- Goldsmith


Is this really happening?


The sum of the intelligence of the world is constant.
The population is, of course, growing.


Have at you!


Harvard Law:
	Under the most rigorously controlled conditions of pressure,
	temperature, volume, humidity, and other variables, the
	organism will do as it damn well pleases.


No matter how old a mother is, she watches her middle-aged children for
signs of improvement.
		-- Florida Scott-Maxwell


You will be successful in love.


I allow the world to live as it chooses,
and I allow myself to live as I choose.


You should make a point of trying every experience once -- except
incest and folk-dancing.
		-- A. Bax, "Farewell My Youth"


Children seldom misquote you.  In fact, they usually
repeat word for word what you shouldn't have said.


You don't become a failure until you're satisfied with being one.


Your step will soil many countries.


Only Irish coffee provides in a single glass all four
essential food groups -- alcohol, caffeine, sugar, and fat.
		-- Alex Levine

[Oh come on, everybody knows that the four basic food groups are
hot sugar, cold sugar, carbohydrates and grease.  Ed.]


Words can never express what words can never express.


No job too big; no fee too big!
		-- Dr. Peter Venkman, "Ghostbusters"


Don't worry about the world coming to an end today.
It's already tomorrow in Australia.
		-- Charles Schultz


In the war of wits, he's unarmed.


You get what you pay for.
		-- Gabriel Biel


A couple of young fellers were fishing at their special pond off the
beaten track when out of the bushes jumped the Game Warden.  Immediately,
one of the boys threw his rod down and started running through the woods
like the proverbial bat out of hell, and hot on his heels ran the Game
Warden.  After about a half mile the fella stopped and stooped over with
his hands on his thighs, whooping and heaving to catch his breath as the
Game Warden finally caught up to him.
	"Let's see yer fishin' license, boy," the Warden gasped.  The
man pulled out his wallet and gave the Game Warden a valid fishing
license.
	"Well, son", snarled the Game Warden, "You must be about as dumb
as a box of rocks!  You didn't have to run if you have a license!"
	"Yes, sir," replied his victim, "but, well, see, my friend back
there, he don't have one!"


Behold the warranty -- the bold print
giveth and the fine print taketh away.


	"Sheriff, we gotta catch Black Bart."
	"Oh, yeah?  What's he look like?"
	"Well, he's wearin' a paper hat, a paper shirt, paper pants and
paper boots."
	"What's he wanted for?"
	"Rustling."


The `loner' may be respected, but he is always resented by his colleagues,
for he seems to be passing a critical judgment on them, when he may be
simply making a limiting statement about himself.
		-- Sidney Harris


The whole of life is futile unless you
consider it as a sporting proposition.


The gent who wakes up and finds himself a success hasn't been asleep.


Plato, by the way, wanted to banish all poets from his proposed Utopia
because they were liars.  The truth was that Plato knew philosophers
couldn't compete successfully with poets.
		-- Kilgore Trout (Philip J. Farmer) "Venus on the Half
		   Shell"


The pleasure is transitory, the cost
prohibitive, and the position ridiculous.
		-- Disraeli, on sex


I call them as I see them.  If I can't see them, I make them up.
		-- Biff Barf


I didn't get sophisticated -- I just got tired.
But maybe that's what sophisticated is -- being tired.
		-- Rita Gain


If things don't improve soon, you'd better ask them to stop helping you.


I doubt, therefore I might be.


Confucius say:
	woman who ride bicycle peddle ass around town.
	fool man climb tree to get cherries;  wise man spread limbs.
	woman who fly upside down in airplane have big crack up.
	man who live in glass house should bathe in the basement.
	man who make love on ground have piece on Earth.
	man who lose key to girlfriend's apartment get no new key.
	man who fights with wife all day, gets not peace at night.
	man who make oral love to epileptic woman may get tongue-tied.
	man with head up ass have shitty outlook on life.
	man who streak unsuited for work.
	woman who bathe in vinegar have sour puss.
	man who beat off in car have hot rod.


The fellow sat down at a bar, ordered a drink and asked the bartender if he
wanted to hear a dumb-jock joke.
	"Hey, buddy," the bartender replied, "you see those two guys next to
you?  They used to be with the Chicago Bears.  The two dudes behind you made
the U.S. Olympic wrestling team.  And for you information, I used to play
center at Notre Dame."
	"Forget it," the customer said.  "I don't want to explain it five
times."


FreeBSD: It's 3am at night.  Do you know where your fairings are?


Why is it taking so long for her to bring out all the good in you?


Hire the morally handicapped.


Hodie natus est radici frater.


Yes, that was Richard Nixon.  He used to be President.  When he left
the White House, the Secret Service would count the silverware.
		-- Woody Allen, "Sleeper"


IN MY OPINION anyone interested in improving himself should not rule out
becoming pure energy.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Some of the management around here are the final proof that the Indians
fucked the buffalo.


To give happiness is to deserve happiness.


	"They spend years searching for their natural parents, convinced their
parents will be happy to see them.  I mean, really, can you imagine someone
being happy to see an orphan?  Nobody wants them... that's why they're orphans!"
	The speaker is Anne Baker, founder and guiding force behind
Orphan-Off, an organization dedicated to keeping orphans confused about the
whereabouts of their natural parents.  She is a woman with a mission:
	"Basically, what we do is band together to exchange information
about which orphans are looking for which parents in what part of the
country.  We're completely computerized.
	"The idea is to throw the orphans as many red herrings and false
leads as possible.  We'll tell some twenty-three-year-old loser that his
real parents can be found at a certain address on the other side of the
country.  Well, by the time the kid shows up, the family is prepared.  They
look over the kid's photos and information and they say, 'Oh, the Emersons...
yeah, they used to live here... I think they moved out about five years ago.
I think they went to Iowa, or maybe Idaho.'
	"Bam, the door shuts in the kid's face and he's back to zero again.
He's got nothing to go on but the orphan's pathetic determination to continue.
	"It's really amazing how much these kids will put up with.  Last year
we even sent one kid all the way to Australia.  I mean, really.  Besides, if
your natural parents were Australian, would you want to meet them?"
		-- "National Lampoon", September, 1984


Gratitude, like love, is never a dependable international emotion.
		-- Joseph Alsop


Impartial, adj.:
	Unable to perceive any promise of personal advantage from
	espousing either side of a controversy or adopting either of two
	conflicting opinions.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Celestial navigation is based on the premise that the Earth is the center
of the universe.  The premise is wrong, but the navigation works.  An
incorrect model can be a useful tool.
		-- Kelvin Throop III


Theorem: All positive integers are equal.
Proof: Sufficient to show that for any two positive integers, A and B, A = B.
	Further, it is sufficient to show that for all N > 0, if A and B
	(positive integers) satisfy (MAX(A, B) = N) then A = B.

Proceed by induction:
	If N = 1, then A and B, being positive integers, must both be 1.
	So A = B.

Assume that the theorem is true for some value k.  Take A and B with
	MAX(A, B) = k+1.  Then MAX((A-1), (B-1)) = k.  And hence
	(A-1) = (B-1).  Consequently, A = B.


He keeps differentiating, flying off on a tangent.


