Intellect annuls Fate.
So far as a man thinks, he is free.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Be careful when a loop exits to the same place from side and bottom.


God save us from a bad neighbor and a beginner on the fiddle.


Though a program be but three lines long, someday it will have to
be maintained.
		-- The Tao of Programming


The UNIX philosophy basically involves giving you enough rope to
hang yourself.  And then a couple of feet more, just to be sure.


The reader this message encounters not failing to understand is
cursed.


	It seems these two guys, George and Harry, set out in a Hot Air
balloon to cross the United States.  After forty hours in the air, George
turned to Harry, and said, "Harry, I think we've drifted off course!  We
need to find out where we are."
	Harry cools the air in the balloon, and they descend to below the
cloud cover.  Slowly drifting over the countryside, George spots a man
standing below them and yells out, "Excuse me!  Can you please tell me
where we are?"
	The man on the ground yells back, "You're in a balloon, approximately
fifty feet in the air!"
	George turns to Harry and says, "Well, that man *must* be a lawyer".
	Replies Harry, "How can you tell?".
	"Because the information he gave us is 100% accurate, and totally
useless!"

That's the end of The Joke, but for you people who are still worried about
George and Harry: they end up in the drink, and make the front page of the
New York Times: "Balloonists Soaked by Lawyer".


Writers do it between periods.


The disks are getting full; purge a file today.


God must love the Common Man; He made so many of them.


Sure he's sharp as a razor ... he's a two-dimensional pinhead!


You must realize that the computer has it in for you.  The irrefutable
proof of this is that the computer always does what you tell it to do.


If the church put in half the time on covetousness that it does on lust,
this would be a better world.
		-- Garrison Keillor, "Lake Wobegon Days"


Nice computers don't go down.


	I'm sure that VMS is completely documented, I just haven't found the
right manual yet.  I've been working my way through the manuals in the document
library and I'm half way through the second cabinet, (3 shelves to go), so I
should find what I'm looking for by mid May.  I hope I can remember what it
was by the time I find it.
	I had this idea for a new horror film, "VMS Manuals from Hell" or maybe
"The Paper Chase: IBM vs. DEC".  It's based on Hitchcock's "The Birds", except
that it's centered around a programmer who is attacked by a swarm of binder
pages with an index number and the single line "This page intentionally left
blank."
		-- Alex Crain


A friend with weed is a friend indeed.


Gourmet, n.:
	Anyone whom, when you fail to finish something strange or
	revolting, remarks that it's an acquired taste and that you're
	leaving the best part.


Call on God, but row away from the rocks.
		-- Indian proverb


Dare to be naive.
		-- R. Buckminster Fuller


TOO BAD YOU CAN'T BUY a voodoo globe so that you could make the earth spin
real fast and freak everybody out.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


QOTD:
	"There may be no excuse for laziness, but I'm sure looking."


	"I know a life of crime led me to this sorry state.  I blame
society.  Society made me what I am today!"
	"That's bullshit Archie.  You're just a young suburban punk
like me."
	"It still...  hurts... auugghh!"
	"You're going to be okay..."
		"...gurgle..."
			"... maybe not."
		-- Repo Man


User, n.:
	The word computer professionals use when they mean "idiot."
		-- Dave Barry, "Claw Your Way to the Top"

[I always thought "computer professional" was the phrase hackers used
 when they meant "idiot."  Ed.]


Happiness isn't having what you want, it's wanting what you have.


Razors pain you;
Rivers are damp;
Acids stain you;
And drugs cause cramp.
Guns aren't lawful;
Nooses give;
Gas smells awful;
You might as well live.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Resume", 1926


Food for thought is no substitute for the real thing.
		-- Walt Kelly, "Potluck Pogo"


Mountain Dew and doughnuts...  because breakfast is the most important meal
of the day.


Rule of the Great:
	When people you greatly admire appear to be thinking deep
	thoughts, they probably are thinking about lunch.


The bedsprings next door jounce and creak:
They have kept me awake for a week.
	Why do newlyweds
	Select squeaky beds
To develop their fucking technique?


The reward of a thing well done is to have done it.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Did you hear about...
	the butcher who dropped his cleaver and went home half-cocked?


	The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy has a few things to say on
the subject of towels.
	A towel, it says, is about the most massively useful thing an
interstellar hitchhiker can have.  Partly it has great practical value.
You can wrap it around you for warmth as you bound across the cold moons
of Jaglan Beta; you can lie on it on the brilliant marble-sanded beaches
of Santraginus V ... use it to sail a miniraft down the slow heavy River
Moth; wave your towel in emergencies, and, of course, dry yourself off
with it if it still seems to be clean enough.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


I have come up with a surefire concept for a hit television show, which
would be called "A Live Celebrity Gets Eaten by a Shark."
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wonders of Sharks on TV"


Bloom's Seventh Law of Litigation:
	The judge's jokes are always funny.


At the foot of the mountain, thunder:
The image of Providing Nourishment.
Thus the superior man is careful of his words
And temperate in eating and drinking.


When some people decide it's time for everyone to make
big changes, it means that they want you to change first.


QOTD:
	"Whhoooooooeeeeeeeeeee, Elmer!  Take a look at that purty young lady
	over thar!  Why, I'd walk a mile barefoot over barbed wire and broken
	glass just to drive the truck that takes her panties to the cleaners!"


General notions are generally wrong.
		-- Lady M. W. Montagu


Far duller than a serpent's tooth it is to spend a quiet youth.


The first 90% of a project takes 90% of the time,
the last 10% takes the other 90% of the time.


Nine out of ten men who preferred Camels have switched back to women.


He who knows not and knows that he knows not is ignorant.  Teach him.
He who knows not and knows not that he knows not is a fool.  Shun him.
He who knows and knows not that he knows is asleep.  Wake him.


Waste not fresh tears over old griefs.
		-- Euripides


Life exists for no known purpose.


It is amusing that a virtue is made of the vice of chastity; and
it's a pretty odd sort of chastity at that, which leads men straight
into the sin of Onan, and girls to the waning of their color.
		-- Voltaire


May you die in bed at 95, shot by a jealous spouse.


The more I see of men the more I admire dogs.
		-- Mme De Sevigne (1626-1696)


The first and almost the only Book deserving of universal attention is
the Bible.
		-- John Quincy Adams

All the good from the Saviour of the world is communicated through this Book;
but for the Book we could not know right from wrong.  All the things desirable
to man are contained in it.
		-- Abraham Lincoln

... the Bible ... is the one supreme source of revelation of the meaning of
life, the nature of God and spiritual nature and need of men.  It is the only
guide of life which really leads the spirit in the way of peace and salvation.
		-- Woodrow Wilson


QUOTE OF THE DAY:

	`



Q:	How do you save a drowning lawyer?
A:	Throw him a rock.


Mix a little foolishness with your serious plans;
it's lovely to be silly at the right moment.
		-- Horace


One is often kept in the right road by a rut.
		-- Gustave Droz


Nouvelle cuisine, n.:
	French for "not enough food".

Continental breakfast, n.:
	English for "not enough food".

Tapas, n.:
	Spanish for "not enough food".

Dim Sum, n.:
	Chinese for more food than you've ever seen in your entire life.


OK, so you're a Ph.D.  Just don't touch anything.


He carried me over the stream, striding through the current, his strong,
muscular, thighs scarcely hesitating as he sure-footedly forded the water.
But what was that bulge, small, oblong, solid, that might have been, say,
a pocket camera?
		-- An Exciting Journey


X windows:
	You'd better sit down.
	Don't laugh.  It could be YOUR thesis project.
	Why do it right when you can do it wrong?
	Live the nightmare.
	Our bugs run faster.
	When it absolutely, positively HAS to crash overnight.
	There ARE no rules.
	You'll wish we were kidding.
	Everything you never wanted in a window system.  And more.
	Dissatisfaction guaranteed.
	There's got to be a better way.
	The next best thing to keypunching.
	Leave the thrashing to us.
	We wrote the book on core dumps.
	Even your dog won't like it.
	More than enough rope.
	Garbage at your fingertips.

Incompatibility.  Shoddiness.  Uselessness.
	X windows.


Gosh that takes me back... or is it forward?  That's the trouble with
time travel, you never can tell.
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who: Androids of Tara"


It is a poor judge who cannot award a prize.


Anthony's Law of the Workshop:
	Any tool when dropped, will roll into the least accessible
	corner of the workshop.

Corollary:
	On the way to the corner, any dropped tool will first strike
	your toes.


The most recent attempt to revive the moribund campus left, a national
conference held at Rutgers University February 5-7, ended when the
participants decided that they were too racist to found a new national
organization.
	The stated goal of the conference was the formation of a national
organization that would "give expression to a shared consciousness."  The
orientation materials declared that this was "a historic moment" -- you
know, like Port Huron and the Sixties -- and the Rutgers host committee had
every reason to expect their goal would be accomplished.
	But it was not to be.  Given that this was a conference of *New*
New Leftists, reason had nothing to do with it.
	A revealing article by Vania del Borgo and Maria Margaronis in "The
Nation", ["Beyond the Fragments," 3/26/88] says "The defining moment of the
weekend came when the conference was almost at its end.  On Sunday morning,
a twenty-five-member students of color caucus confronted the assembled body
with its overwhelming whiteness..."  Joined by the Gay & Bisexual Caucus, the
Students of Color Caucus declared that the founding of such an overwhelmingly
white organization would itself constitute a racist act.  The four hundred or
so leftist activists were told that they had no right to ratify a constitution
or elect any officers.  While recognizing "the need to examine the real
possibilities of a broad-based, racially diverse student movement" and paying
lip service to the need for "dialogue," they threatened to walk out if their
demands were not met.  As *The Nation* article describes the scene:  "To their
astonishment, their intervention was greeted with a standing ovation." Handed
an ultimatum which demanded that they disband, this would-be successor to the
radical student movements of the Sixties promptly voted itself out of
existence.  As del Borgo and Margaronis put it, "After much chaotic discussion
and a confused voice vote, the convention suspended all its other work and
broke into regional groups to discuss `outreach.'"
		-- Libertarian Agenda, May 1988


The countdown had stalled at "T" minus 69 seconds when Desiree, the first
female ape to go up in space, winked at me slyly and pouted her thick,
rubbery lips unmistakably -- the first of many such advances during what
would prove to be the longest, and most memorable, space voyage of my
career.
		-- Winning sentence, 1985 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest


Dime is money.


Life is a shit sandwich, and every day you get to take another bite.
It's just that some days are TWO BITE days ...


Tomorrow's computers some time next month.
		-- DEC


Having a baby isn't so bad.  If you're a female Emperor penguin
in the Antarctic.  She lays the egg, rolls it over to the father,
then takes off for warmer weather where she eats and eats and
eats.  For two months, the father stands stiff, without food,
blind in the 24-hour dark, balancing the egg on his feet.  After
the little penguin is hatched, the mother sees fit to come home.
		-- L. M. Boyd, "Austin American-Statesman"


Crusade for Cthulhu!  It Found ME!


The earth is like a tiny grain of sand, only much, much heavier.


If voting could change the system, it would be illegal.
If not voting could change the system, it would be illegal.


You will never know hunger.


If I traveled to the end of the rainbow
As Dame Fortune did intend,
Murphy would be there to tell me
The pot's at the other end.
		-- Bert Whitney


Lawsuit, n.:
	A machine which you go into as a pig and come out as a sausage.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


Using [Windows] for any sort of serious work is like playing an old
text-based adventure game.  You're five feet from making it to your
goal, when bup-POW! a ten ton rock falls on your head.  Because you
didn't disarm the trap three hours before.  [...]

I always hated those adventure games.
		-- David Gerard


Have you noticed that all you need to grow healthy,
vigorous grass is a crack in your sidewalk?


Sometimes a man who deserves to be looked down upon because he is a
fool is despised only because he is a lawyer.
		-- Montesquieu


I shall give a propagandist reason for starting the war, no matter whether
it is plausible or not.  The victor will not be asked afterwards whether
he told the truth or not.  When starting and waging war it is not right
that matters, but victory.
		-- Adolf Hitler


Q:	What do agnostic, insomniac dyslexics do at night?
A:	Stay awake and wonder if there's a dog.


You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on.
		-- Dean Martin


Her figure described a set of parabolas that could cause cardiac arrest
in a yak.
		-- Woody Allen


The computer is the ultimate polluter.
Its shit is indistinguishable from the food it produces.


Come home America.
		-- George McGovern, 1972


When man calls an animal "vicious", he usually means that it
will attempt to defend itself when he tries to kill it.


For perfect happiness, remember two things:
	(1) Be content with what you've got.
	(2) Be sure you've got plenty.


All bad precedents began as justifiable measures.
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar, quoted in "The Conspiracy of
		   Catiline", by Sallust


War is like love, it always finds a way.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "Mother Courage"


When some people decide it's time for everyone to make
big changes, it means that they want you to change first.


Hangover, n.:
	The wrath of grapes.


I'd rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy.


Sometimes it happens.  People just explode.  Natural causes.
		-- Repo Man


If you took all the students that felt asleep in class and laid them
end to end, they'd be a lot more comfortable.
		-- "Graffiti in the Big Ten"


Carson's Observation on Footwear:
	If the shoe fits, buy the other one too.


Laughter is the closest distance between two people.
		-- Victor Borge


One meets his destiny often on the road he takes to avoid it.


If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.


Of all things man is the measure.
		-- Protagoras


A life lived in fear is a life half lived.


Time goes, you say?
Ah no!
Time stays, *we* go.
		-- Austin Dobson


Inspiration without perspiration is usually sterile.


But what we need to know is, do people want nasally-insertable
computers?


Happiness is good health and a bad memory.
		-- Ingrid Bergman


Lagnaf, n.:
	Let's All Get Naked And Fuck!


	Two women were walking down the street, when one nudges the other
and says, "There's my husband coming out of the florist's with a dozen
roses, damn it.  That means I'll have to keep my legs up in the air for
three days."
	Replies her friend, "Well, why don't you buy a vase?"



A child of five could understand this!  Fetch me a child of five.


No, "Eureka" is Greek for "This bath is too hot."
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


Birth, n.:
	The first and direst of all disasters.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Whip it, baby.
Whip it right.
Whip it, baby.
Whip it all night!


One of my less pleasant chores when I was young was to read the Bible from
one end to the other.  Reading the Bible straight through is at least 70
percent discipline, like learning Latin.  But the good parts are, of course,
simply amazing.  God is an extremely uneven writer, but when He's good,
nobody can touch him.
		-- John Gardner, NYT Book Review, Jan. 1983


Marijuana will be legal some day, because the many law students
who now smoke pot will someday become congressmen and legalize
it in order to protect themselves.
		-- Lenny Bruce


I can't stand this proliferation of paperwork.  It's useless to fight the
forms.  You've got to kill the people producing them.
		-- Vladimir Kabaidze, general director of the Ivanovo Machine
		   Building Works (near Moscow) in a speech to the Communist
		   Party Conference


A boss with no humor is like a job that's no fun.


The best executive is one who has sense enough to pick good people to do
what he wants done, and self-restraint enough to keep from meddling with
them while they do it.
		-- Theodore Roosevelt


Everything's great in this good old world;
(This is the stuff they can always use.)
God's in his heaven, the hill's dew-pearled;
(This will provide for baby's shoes.)
Hunger and War do not mean a thing;
Everything's rosy where'er we roam;
Hark, how the little birds gaily sing!
(This is what fetches the bacon home.)
		-- Dorothy Parker, "The Far Sighted Muse"


Please forgive me if, in the heat of battle,
I sometimes forget which side I'm on.


You are magnetic in your bearing.


	A reader reports that when the patient died, the attending doctor
recorded the following on the patient's chart:  "Patient failed to fulfill
his wellness potential."

	Another doctor reports that in a recent issue of the *American Journal
of Family Practice* fleas were called "hematophagous arthropod vectors."

	A reader reports that the Army calls them "vertically deployed anti-
personnel devices."  You probably call them bombs.

	At McClellan Air Force base in Sacramento, California, civilian
mechanics were placed on "non-duty, non-pay status."  That is, they were fired.

	After taking the trip of a lifetime, our reader sent his twelve rolls
of film to Kodak for developing (or "processing," as Kodak likes to call it)
only to receive the following notice:  "We must report that during the handling
of your twelve 35mm Kodachrome slide orders, the films were involved in an
unusual laboratory experience."  The use of the passive is a particularly nice
touch, don't you think?  Nobody did anything to the films; they just had a bad
experience.  Of course our reader can always go back to Tibet and take his
pictures all over again, using the twelve replacement rolls Kodak so generously
sent him.
		-- Quarterly Review of Doublespeak (NCTE)


There exist tasks which cannot be done
by more than 10 men or fewer than 100.
		-- Steele's Law


A man gazing at the stars is proverbially at the mercy of the puddles
in the road.
		-- Alexander Smith


They just buzzed and buzzed...buzzed.


I was toilet-trained at gunpoint.
		-- Billy Braver


Waiter: "Tea or coffee, gentlemen?"
1st customer: "I'll have tea."
2nd customer: "Me, too -- and be sure the glass is clean!"
	(Waiter exits, returns)
Waiter: "Two teas.  Which one asked for the clean glass?"


Rejection, n.:
	When you're masturbating and your hand falls asleep.


Hideously disfigured by an ancient Indian curse?

		WE CAN HELP!

Call (511) 338-0959 for an immediate appointment.


Mr. Rockford?  This is Betty Joe Withers.  I got four shirts of yours from
the Bo Peep Cleaners by mistake.  I don't know why they gave me men's
shirts but they're going back.


I was working on a case.  It had to be a case, because I couldn't afford a
desk.  Then I saw her.  This tall blond lady.  She must have been tall
because I was on the third floor.  She rolled her deep blue eyes towards
me.  I picked them up and rolled them back.  We kissed.  She screamed.  I
took the cigarette from my mouth and kissed her again.


Hacker's Guide To Cooking:
2 pkg. cream cheese (the mushy white stuff in silver wrappings that doesn't
	really come from Philadelphia after all; anyway, about 16 oz.)
1 tsp. vanilla extract (which is more alcohol than vanilla and pretty
	strong so this part you *GOTTA* measure)
1/4 cup sugar (but honey works fine too)
8 oz. Cool Whip (the fluffy stuff devoid of nutritional value that you
	can squirt all over your friends and lick off...)
"Blend all together until creamy with no lumps."  This is where you get to
	join(1) all the raw data in a big buffer and then filter it through
	merge(1m) with the -thick option, I mean, it starts out ultra lumpy
	and icky looking and you have to work hard to mix it.  Try an electric
	beater if you have a cat(1) that can climb wall(1s) to lick it off
	the ceiling(3m).
"Pour into a graham cracker crust..."  Aha, the BUGS section at last.  You
	just happened to have a GCC sitting around under /etc/food, right?
	If not, don't panic(8), merely crumble a rand(3m) handful of innocent
	GCs into a suitable tempfile and mix in some melted butter.
"...and refrigerate for an hour."  Leave the recipe's stdout in a fridge
	for 3.6E6 milliseconds while you work on cleaning up stderr, and
	by time out your cheesecake will be ready for stdin.


As in Protestant Europe, by contrast, where sects divided endlessly into
smaller competing sects and no church dominated any other, all is different
in the fragmented world of IBM.  That realm is now a chaos of conflicting
norms and standards that not even IBM can hope to control.  You can buy a
computer that works like an IBM machine but contains nothing made or sold by
IBM itself.  Renegades from IBM constantly set up rival firms and establish
standards of their own.  When IBM recently abandoned some of its original
standards and decreed new ones, many of its rivals declared a puritan
allegiance to IBM's original faith, and denounced the company as a divisive
innovator.  Still, the IBM world is united by its distrust of icons and
imagery.  IBM's screens are designed for language, not pictures.  Graven
images may be tolerated by the luxurious cults, but the true IBM faith relies
on the austerity of the word.
		-- Edward Mendelson, "The New Republic", February 22, 1988


Penis envy, n.:
	The desire to be pink and wrinkled and about four inches long.


I don't remember it, but I have it written down.


A society in which women are taught anything but the management of a family,
the care of men, and the creation of the future generation is a society
which is on its way out.
		-- L. Ron Hubbard


ASCII a stupid question, you get an EBCDIC answer.


Everyone is a genius.  It's just that some people are too stupid to
realize it.


	A white man was traveling with Indian (American) out West.  The
Indian stops, puts his ear to the ground, and says, "Buffalo come."
	The white man looks around in all directions, sees nothing for
miles and asks the Indian how the hell he knows that.
	Replies the Indian, "Ear wet."
		-- Lily Tomlin, "The Search for Signs of Intelligent
		   Life in the Universe"


Remembering is for those who have forgotten.
		-- Chinese proverb


The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher
esteem those who think alike than those who think differently.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


A [golf] ball sliced or hooked into the rough shall be lifted and placed in
the fairway at a point equal to the distance it carried or rolled into the
rough.  Such veering right or left frequently results from friction between
the face of the club and the cover of the ball and the player should not be
penalized for the erratic behavior of the ball resulting from such
uncontrollable physical phenomena.
		-- Donald A. Metz


Pete:	Waiter, this meat is bad.
Waiter:	Who told you?
Pete:	A little swallow.


Tearing off a quicky:
	Gunning the jump.


[Crash programs] fail because they are based on the theory that,
with nine women pregnant, you can get a baby a month.
		-- Wernher von Braun


[Norm is angry.]

Woody: What can I get you, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Clifford Clavin's head.
		-- Cheers, The Triangle

Sam:	Hey, what's happening, Norm?
Norm:	Well, it's a dog-eat-dog world, Sammy,
	and I'm wearing Milk-Bone underwear.
		-- Cheers, The Peterson Principle

Sam:  How's life in the fast lane, Normie?
Norm: Beats me, I can't find the on-ramp.
		-- Cheers, Diane Chambers Day


Infatuation, n.:
	When you're in love, there's a lump in your throat.
	When you're infatuated, there's a lump in your pants.


SAGITTARIUS (Nov 22 - Dec 21)
	You are optimistic and enthusiastic.  You have a reckless
	tendency to rely on luck since you lack talent.  The majority
	of Sagittarians are drunks or dope fiends or both.  People
	laugh at you a great deal.


There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear.


Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(21) Abortion is wrong.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Matrimony is the root of all evil.


Your files are now being encrypted and thrown into the bit bucket.
EOF


If we could sell our experiences for what they cost us, we would
all be millionaires.
		-- Abigail Van Buren


Oprah Winfrey has an incredible talent for getting the weirdest people to
talk to.  And you just HAVE to watch it.  "Blind, masochistic minority,
crippled, depressed, government latrine diggers, and the women who love
them too much on the next Oprah Winfrey."


If God had meant for us to be naked, we would have been born that way.


I don't know why we're here, I say we all go home and free associate.


Black shiny mollies and bright colored guppies,
Shy little angels as gentle as puppies,
Swimming and diving with scarcely a swish,
They were just some of my tropical fish.

Then I got mantas that sting in the water,
Deadly piranhas that itch for a slaughter,
Savage male betas that bite with a squish,
Now I have many less tropical fish.

	If you think that
	Fish are peaceful
	That's an empty wish.
	Just dump them together
	And leave them alone,
	And soon you will have -- no fish.
		-- To My Favorite Things


Practical politics consists in ignoring facts.
		-- Henry Adams


