Hangover, n.:
	The wrath of grapes.


Sometimes a man who deserves to be looked down upon because he is a
fool is despised only because he is a lawyer.
		-- Montesquieu


If the American dream is for Americans only, it will remain our dream
and never be our destiny.
		-- Ren'e de Visme Williamson


	A disciple of another sect once came to Drescher as he was eating
his morning meal.  "I would like to give you this personality test", said
the outsider, "because I want you to be happy."
	Drescher took the paper that was offered him and put it into the
toaster -- "I wish the toaster to be happy too".


Jesus has just stopped the crowd from stoning Mary Magdalene to death
and is berating the self-pious with the famous speech, "Let the one
among you who is without sin cast the first stone..."
	Right about then, a rock comes winging through the air and hits
Jesus upside the head.  He whirls around and shouts "Alright, Mom, c'mon!
I'm trying to make a point, here!"


Keep grandma off the streets -- legalize bingo.


It was his third marriage and her fourth.  He was quite surprised when on
their honeymoon she pleaded, "Please be gentle, I'm still a virgin."
	"Darling, what do you mean you're still a virgin?  You've been
married three times."
	"Yes, but they all worked for DEC.  The first was a salesman,
and all he ever did was promise how good it would be.  The second was one
of their software hacks, he told me to take care of it myself.  And the
third was a field service representative, and he kept promising that it
would be up in 15 minutes.


Once upon a girl there was a time...


New York is real.  The rest is done with mirrors.


If one studies too zealously, one easily loses his pants.
		-- Albert Einstein


Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to
build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying
to produce bigger and better idiots.  So far, the Universe is winning.
		-- Rich Cook


I opened the drawer of my little desk and a single letter fell out, a
letter from my mother, written in pencil, one of her last, with unfinished
words and an implicit sense of her departure.  It's so curious: one can
resist tears and "behave" very well in the hardest hours of grief.  But
then someone makes you a friendly sign behind a window... or one notices
that a flower that was in bud only yesterday has suddenly blossomed... or
a letter slips from a drawer... and everything collapses.
		-- Letters From Colette


There's nothing worse for your business than
extra Santa Clauses smoking in the men's room.
		-- W. Bossert


The divinity of Jesus is made a convenient cover for absurdity.  Nowhere in
the Gospels do we find a precept for Creeds, Confessions, Oaths, Doctrines,
and whole carloads of other foolish trumpery that we find in Christianity.
		-- John Adams


You may easily play a joke on a man who likes to argue -- agree with
him.
		-- Edgar W. Howe


To criticize the incompetent is easy;
it is more difficult to criticize the competent.


The degree of technical confidence is inversely
proportional to the level of management.


//GO.SYSIN DD *, DOODAH, DOODAH


Penguin Trivia #46:
	Animals who are not penguins can only wish they were.
		-- Chicago Reader 10/15/82


Encyclopedia for sale by father.
Son knows everything.


It seems that more and more mathematicians are using a new, high level
language named "research student".


$100 invested at 7% interest for 100 years will become $100,000, at
which time it will be worth absolutely nothing.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"


Democracy means simply the bludgeoning of the people by the people for
the people.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Never be afraid to tell the world who you are.
		-- Anonymous


Down with the categorical imperative!


Don't try to have the last word -- you might get it.
		-- Lazarus Long


Hartley's First Law:
	You can lead a horse to water, but if you can
	get him to float on his back, you've got something.


Every Horse has an Infinite Number of Legs (proof by intimidation):

Horses have an even number of legs.  Behind they have two legs, and in
front they have fore-legs.  This makes six legs, which is certainly an
odd number of legs for a horse.  But the only number that is both even
and odd is infinity.  Therefore, horses have an infinite number of
legs.  Now to show this for the general case, suppose that somewhere,
there is a horse that has a finite number of legs.  But that is a horse
of another color, and by the [above] lemma ["All horses are the same
color"], that does not exist.


Sho' they got to have it against the law.  Shoot, ever'body git high,
they wouldn't be nobody git up and feed the chickens.  Hee-hee.
		-- Terry Southern


Mother is far too clever to understand anything she does not like.
		-- Arnold Bennett


Van Roy's Law:
	An unbreakable toy is useful for breaking other toys.


You will soon meet a person who will play an important role in your life.


Marijuana will be legal some day, because the many law students
who now smoke pot will someday become congressmen and legalize
it in order to protect themselves.
		-- Lenny Bruce


"Algorithms" is an anagram for "Hilt orgasm".  Maybe this explains
the popularity of this field of study in computer science.


Mix a little foolishness with your serious plans;
it's lovely to be silly at the right moment.
		-- Horace


I don't mind what Congress does, as long as they don't do it in the
streets and frighten the horses.
		-- Victor Hugo


All life evolves by the differential survival of replicating entities.
		-- Richard Dawkins


Suggest you just sit there and wait till life gets easier.


Luck, that's when preparation and opportunity meet.
		-- P. E. Trudeau


Silly Sally was baby sitting.  But Silly Sally was getting bored.  Thinking
a walk would help, she put the baby in his carriage.  Silly Sally pushed the
carriage and pushed the carriage up this hill and down that one.  She pushed
the carriage up the highest hill in town, and ALL OF A SUDDEN!  It slipped out
of her hands (OH! NO!) and it was headed at high speed for the busiest
intersection in town.  BUT!

Silly Sally just laughed and la.....ug.......h....e....d...........
BECAUSE!  SHE KNEW THERE WAS A STOP SIGN AT THE BOTTOM OF THE HILL!

Silly Sally was playing in the garage.  And she was being disobedient.
She was playing with matches...  AND...  She burned down the garage.
(OHHHHHH)  Silly Sally's mother said, "Silly Sally!  You have been naughty!
And when your father gets home, you are going to get a good licking!"  BUT!

Silly Sally just laughed and la.....ug.......h....e....d...........
BECAUSE!  SHE KNEW HER FATHER WAS IN THE GARAGE WHEN SHE BURNED IT DOWN!


Celebrate Hannibal Day this year.  Take an elephant to lunch.


Bower's Law:
	Talent goes where the action is.


You'll always be,
What you always were,
Which has nothing to do with,
All to do, with her.
		-- Company


Look at it this way:
Your daughter just named the fresh turkey you brought
home "Cuddles", so you're going out to buy a canned ham.
And you're still drinking ordinary scotch?


The Great Bald Swamp Hedgehog:
	The Great Bald Swamp Hedgehog of Billericay displays, in
courtship, his single prickle and does impressions of Holiday Inn desk
clerks.  Since this means him standing motionless for enormous periods
of time he is often eaten in full display by The Great Bald Swamp
Hedgehog Eater.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


With Congress, every time they make a joke it's a law; and every time
they make a law it's a joke.
		-- W. Rogers


Q:	Why do dogs lick their private parts?
A:	Because they can.


Conformity is the refuge of the unimaginative.


QOTD:
	"It's sort of a threat, you see.  I've never been very good at
	them myself, but I'm told they can be very effective."


Wake up all you citizens, hear your country's call,
Not to arms and violence, But peace for one and all.
Crush out hate and prejudice, fear and greed and sin,
Help bring back her dignity, restore her faith again.

Work hard for a common cause, don't let our country fall.
Make her proud and strong again, democracy for all.
Yes, make our country strong again, keep our flag unfurled.
Make our country well again, respected by the world.

Make her whole and beautiful, work from sun to sun.
Stand tall and labor side by side, because there's so much to be done.
Yes, make her whole and beautiful, united strong and free,
Wake up, all you citizens, It's up to you and me.
		-- Pansy Myers Schroeder


There must be more to life than having everything.
		-- Maurice Sendak


Q:	Do you know what the death rate around here is?
A:	One per person.


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

Compiler optimizations have been made to macro expand LET into a WITHOUT-
INTERRUPTS special form so that it can PUSH things into a stack in the
LET-OPTIMIZATION area, SETQ the variables and then POP them back when it's
done.  Don't worry about this unless you use multiprocessing.
Note that LET *could* have been defined by:

	(LET ((LET '`(LET ((LET ',LET))
			,LET)))
	`(LET ((LET ',LET))
		,LET))

This is believed to speed up execution by as much as a factor of 1.01 or
3.50 depending on whether you believe our friendly marketing representatives.
This code was written by a new programmer here (we snatched him away from
Itty Bitti Machines where we was writing COUGHBOL code) so to give him
confidence we trusted his vows of "it works pretty well" and installed it.


The Great Movie Posters:

*A Giggle Gurgling Gulp of Glee*
With Pretty Girls, Peppy Scenes, and Gorgeous Revues -- plus a good story.
		-- Tea with a Kick (1924)

Whoopie!  Let's go!... Hand-picked Beauties doing cute tricks!
GET IN THE KNOW FOR THE HEY-HEY WHOOPIE!
		-- The Wild Party (1929)

YOU HEAR HIM MAKE LOVE!
DIX -- the dashing soldier!
	DIX -- the bold adventurer!
		DIX -- the throbbing lover!
		-- The Wheel of Life (1929)

SEE CHARLES BUTTERWORTH DRIVE A STREETCAR AND SING LOVE
SONGS TO HIS MARE "MITZIE"!
		-- The Night is Young (1934)


He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.
		-- Lao Tsu


My daddy's brains was so scrambled he thought he was Jesus.  They put him
in a nut house for 5 years and when he got out, he didn't think he was
Jesus, he thought he was *God*! ... Which made me Jesus.
		-- T. Bywater


Introducing, the 1010, a one-bit processor.

INSTRUCTION SET
	Code	Mnemonic	What
	0	NOP		No Operation
	1	JMP		Jump (address specified by next 2 bits)

Now Available for only 12 1/2 cents!


We cannot put the face of a person on a stamp unless said person is
deceased.  My suggestion, therefore, is that you drop dead.
		-- James E. Day, Postmaster General


Nouvelle cuisine, n.:
	French for "not enough food".

Continental breakfast, n.:
	English for "not enough food".

Tapas, n.:
	Spanish for "not enough food".

Dim Sum, n.:
	Chinese for more food than you've ever seen in your entire life.


Wethern's Law:
	Assumption is the mother of all screw-ups.


If we see the light at the end of the tunnel
It's the light of an oncoming train.
		-- Robert Lowell


The rights and interests of the laboring man will be protected and cared
for not by our labor agitators, but by the Christian men to whom God in his
infinite wisdom has given control of property interests of the country, and
upon the successful management of which so much remains.
		-- George F. Baer, railroad industrialist


If things don't improve soon, you'd better ask them to stop helping you.


Detroit is Cleveland without the glitter.


At first, I just did it on weekends.  With a few friends, you know...
We never wanted to hurt anyone.  The girls loved it.  We'd all sit
around the computer and do a little UNIX.  It was just a kick.  At
least that's what we thought.  Then it got worse.

It got so I'd have to do some UNIX during the weekdays.  After a
while, I couldn't even wake up in the morning without having that
crave to go do UNIX.  Then it started affecting my job.  I would just
have to do it during my break.  Maybe a `grep' or two, maybe a little
`more'.  I eventually started doing UNIX just to get through the day.
Of course, it screwed up my mind so much that I couldn't even
function as a normal person.

I'm lucky today, I've overcome my UNIX problem.  It wasn't easy.  If
you're smart, just don't start.  Remember, if any weirdo offers you
some UNIX,

	Just Say No!


Sex is a biological function; kissing is a commitment.


Bridget O'Flaherty McHugh
Held venal traffic with a gnu.
Mistaking fore for aft one morn
Impaled herself upon its horn.

Moral:	Those who seek high ends should shun
	our furred and feathered friends.


Remember, there's a big difference between kneeling down and bending over.
		-- Frank Zappa


Diogenes, having abandoned his search for
truth, is now searching for a good fantasy.


The nervous young bride became irritated by her husband's lusty advances on
their wedding night and reprimanded him severely.
	"I demand proper manners in bed," she declared, "just as I do at
the dinner table."
	Amused by his wife's formality, the groom smoothed his rumpled hair
and climbed quietly between the sheets.  "Is that better?" he asked, with a
hint of a smile.
	"Yes," replied the girl, "much better."
	"Very good, darling," the husband whispered.  "Now would you
be so kind as to please pass the pussy?"


"I don't think so," said Ren'e Descartes.  Just then, he vanished.


Well, you see, it's such a transitional creature.  It's a piss-poor reptile
and not very much of a bird.
		-- Melvin Konner, from "The Tangled Wing", quoting a
		   zoologist who has studied the archeopteryx and found it
		   "very much like people".


The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice
and tragedy.  What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the
master calls a butterfly.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


Coitus upon a cadaver
Is the ultimate way you can have 'er.
	Her inanimate state
	Means a man needn't wait,
And eliminates all the palaver.


If you are a police dog, where's your badge?
		-- Question James Thurber used to drive his German Shepherd
		   crazy.


Colvard's Logical Premises:
	All probabilities are 50%.
Either a thing will happen or it won't.

Colvard's Unconscionable Commentary:
	This is especially true when
	dealing with someone you're attracted to.

Grelb's Commentary:
	Likelihoods, however, are 90% against you.


Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science.


After I run your program, let's make love like crazed weasels, OK?


When I was a child...  We had a quick-sand box in the backyard...
I was an only child...  eventually.
		-- Steven Wright


The question is, why are politicians so eager to be president?  What is
it about the job that makes it worth revealing, on national television,
that you have the ethical standards of a slime-coated piece of
industrial waste?
		-- Dave Barry, "On Presidential Politics"


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

There has been some confusion concerning MAPCAR.
	(DEFUN MAPCAR (&FUNCTIONAL FCN &EVAL &REST LISTS)
		(PROG (V P LP)
		(SETQ P (LOCF V))
	L	(SETQ LP LISTS)
		(%START-FUNCTION-CALL FCN T (LENGTH LISTS) NIL)
	L1	(OR LP (GO L2))
		(AND (NULL (CAR LP)) (RETURN V))
		(%PUSH (CAAR LP))
		(RPLACA LP (CDAR LP))
		(SETQ LP (CDR LP))
		(GO L1)
	L2	(%FINISH-FUNCTION-CALL FCN T (LENGTH LISTS) NIL)
		(SETQ LP (%POP))
		(RPLACD P (SETQ P (NCONS LP)))
		(GO L)))
We hope this clears up the many questions we've had about it.


