To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
		-- Thomas Edison


You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.


If you want to be ruined, marry a rich woman.
		-- Michelet


I didn't know it was impossible when I did it.


A good marriage would be between a blind wife and deaf husband.
		-- Michel de Montaigne


For example, if \thinmskip = 3mu, this makes \thickmskip = 6mu.  But if
you also want to use \skip12 for horizontal glue, whether in math mode or
not, the amount of skipping will be in points (e.g., 6pt).  The rule is
that glue in math mode varies with the size only when it is an \mskip;
when moving between an mskip and ordinary skip, the conversion factor
1mu=1pt is always used.  The meaning of '\mskip\skip12' and
'\baselineskip=\the\thickmskip' should be clear.
		-- Donald E. Knuth, TeX 82 -- Comparison with TeX80


My Bonnie looked into a gas tank,
The height of its contents to see!
She lit a small match to assist her,
Oh, bring back my Bonnie to me.


The church saves sinners, but science seeks to stop their manufacture.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


Which would you rather have, a bursting
planet or an earthquake here and there?
		-- John Joseph Lynch


A man is known by the company he organizes.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


I choked Linda Lovelace.


I do not fear computers.  I fear the lack of them.
		-- Isaac Asimov


Basic Definitions of Science:
	If it's green or wiggles, it's biology.
	If it stinks, it's chemistry.
	If it doesn't work, it's physics.


On the subject of C program indentation:

	"In My Egotistical Opinion, most people's C programs should be
	indented six feet downward and covered with dirt."
		-- Blair P. Houghton


COPYING MACHINE:
	A device that shreds paper, flashes mysteriously coded messages,
	and makes duplicates for everyone in the office who isn't
	interested in reading them.


Beware of self-styled experts: an ex is a has-been, and a spurt is a
drip under pressure.


Hear about...
	the compulsive gambler who drove to Las Vegas, pulled up to
	a parking meter, put a dime in -- and lost his car?


How soon can you have sexual relations after your wife delivers?
Well, depends on if she's in a ward or a private room.


Pardon me, sir, but you've obviously
mistaken me for someone who gives a shit.


One day a city dweller decided to take a ride in the country.  He hopped
into his sportscar, wandered along the highway for a while and then exited
to some very rural dirt roads in the middle of farm country.  After awhile,
he came across a farmer who clearly working his fields.  The funny thing was,
the farmer didn't seem to be wearing any pants.  The man got out of his car
and approached the farmer.
	"Hey, buddy," he asked, "how come you're not wearing any clothes?"
	Replied the farmer, "Well, boy, th' other day I was out a-workin'
in the fields, an' I plum fergot t' wear mah shirt.  Got back to th' house
that night, and mah neck was stiffer than an oak-wood board.  This here's
mah wife's idea."


 U       X
e dUdX, e dX, cosine, secant, tangent, sine, 3.14159...


This fortune brought to you by:
$FreeBSD: releng/10.1/games/fortune/datfiles/fortunes 268755 2014-07-16 12:41:50Z gavin $


Monogamy is the Western custom of one wife and hardly any mistresses.
		-- H. H. Munro


We took some pictures of the girls, but they weren't developed.
		-- Groucho Marx


Will Rogers never met you.


Will you loan me $20.00 and only give me ten of it?
That way, you will owe me ten, and I'll owe you ten, and we'll be even!


Atlee is a very modest man.  And with reason.
		-- Winston Churchill


Somebody ought to cross ball point pens with coat hangers
so that the pens will multiply instead of disappear.


Many changes of mind and mood; do not hesitate too long.


Everyone is a genius.  It's just that some people are too stupid to
realize it.


I'm going to Vietnam at the request of the White House.  President Johnson
says a war isn't really a war without my jokes.
		-- Bob Hope


Computer scientists are programmed to do it by macro insertion.


Banacek's Eighteenth Polish Proverb:
	The hippo has no sting, but the wise
	man would rather be sat upon by the bee.


A girl's best friend is her mutter.
		-- Dorothy Parker


The rule on staying alive as a forecaster is to give 'em a number or
give 'em a date, but never give 'em both at once.
		-- Jane Bryant Quinn


What is important is food, money and opportunities for scoring off one's
enemies.  Give a man these three things and you won't hear much squawking
out of him.
		-- Brian O'Nolan, "The Best of Myles"


We demand rigidly defined areas of doubt and uncertainty!
		-- Vroomfondel


Women are nothing but machines for producing children.
		-- Napoleon


The way I understand it, the Russians are sort of a combination of evil and
incompetence... sort of like the Post Office with tanks.
		-- Emo Philips


Military justice is to justice what military music is to music.
		-- Groucho Marx


I've always made it a solemn practice to never
drink anything stronger than tequila before breakfast.
		-- R. Nesson


There are some things we mustn't expose,
So we hide them away in our clothes.
	Oh, it's shocking to stare
	At what's certainly there--
But why this is so, heaven knows.


	Attracted by repeated newspaper advertisements, and realizing that
his waist had gone both East and West despite his daily racquetball, a young
executive appeared at a local health resort.  Looking over the several weight
loss plans offered, he selected one guaranteed to reduce his weight by two
pounds per day.  After a light breakfast, and an almost non-existent lunch, he
was escorted to a large room, where a young, attractive woman told him that
"if he caught her, he could have her".  After an hour of hard running, he
finally gave up; and weighing himself, was comforted to realize that he had
lost just under three pounds.  Returning the next week, he chose the plan that
was to reduce his weight by four pounds per session.  After following the same
regimen, he was again escorted to a large room, but after two hours of running,
he caught the young woman.  Weight loss, just over four pounds.  Returning the
following week, he chose to lose eight pounds in a single day.  He was shown
to the largest room he'd seen, by far, where he was confronted by an extremely
muscular, burly man, who looked him square in the eye, flung his towel into
a corner, and snarled, "You know the rules.  Start running!"


Marriage is the waste-paper basket of the emotions.


In an orderly world, there's always a place for the disorderly.


You can do this in a number of ways.  IBM chose to do all of them.
Why do you find that funny?
		-- D. Taylor, Computer Science 350, University of Washington


I married beneath me.  All women do.
		-- Lady Nancy Astor


	A bear and a rabbit are taking a crap in the woods.  The bear looks
over at the rabbit and asks, "Say, does shit ever stick to your fur?"
	"No."
	So the bear wiped his ass with the rabbit.


The three biggest software lies:

	1: *Of course* we'll give you a copy of the source.
	2: *Of course* the third party vendor we bought that from
		will fix the microcode.
	3: Beta test site?  No, *of course* you're not a beta test site.


Steinbach's Guideline for Systems Programming:
	Never test for an error condition you don't know how to
handle.


If all these sweet young things were laid end-to-end, I wouldn't be a
bit surprised.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Marriage is a three ring circus:
engagement ring, wedding ring, and suffering.
		-- Roger Price


A man is crawling through the Sahara desert when he is approached by another
man riding on a camel.  When the rider gets close enough, the crawling man
whispers through his sun-parched lips, "Water... please... can you give...
water..."
	"I'm sorry," replies the man on the camel, "I don't have any water
with me.  But I'd be delighted to sell you a necktie."
	"Tie?" whispers the man.  "I need *water*."
	"They're only four dollars apiece."
	"I need *water*."
	"Okay, okay, say two for seven dollars."
	"Please!  I need *water*!", says the man.
	"I don't have any water, all I have are ties," replies the salesman,
and he heads off into the distance.
	The man, losing track of time, crawls for what seems like days.
Finally, nearly dead, sun-blind and with his skin peeling and blistering, he
sees a restaurant in the distance.  Summoning the last of his strength he
staggers up to the door and confronts the head waiter.
	"Water... can I get... water," the dying man manages to stammer.
	"I'm sorry, sir, ties required."


Drive defensively, buy a tank.


Flugg's Law:
	When you need to knock on wood is when you realize
	that the world is composed of vinyl, naugahyde and aluminum.


A group of scientists discovered an apelike creature in the jungle, which
they hoped would prove to be the missing link.  The proof of their theory,
however, required that a human mate with the animal so that they could see
what characteristics the offspring would assume.  Needing volunteers, the
scientists placed an ad in the paper: "$5000 to mate with ape."
	Almost immediately, they received response from a man who said he
would be willing to take part in the experiment, with three conditions.
	"First," he said, "my wife must never know.  Second, any children
must be baptized.  And, third, I'd have to pay in installments."


A New Way of Taking Pills
	A physician one night in Wisconsin being disturbed by a burglar, and
having no ball or shot for his pistol, noiselessly loaded the weapon with
small, hard pills, and gave the intruder a "prescription" which he thinks
will go far towards curing the rascal of a very bad ailment.
		-- Nevada Morning Transcript, January 30, 1861


The greatest of faults is to be conscious of none.


WE:
	The single most important word in the world.


Sex is great,
Sex is grand,
Sex around here,
Is mostly by hand.


[The members of the Chamberlain government] are decided only to be
undecided, resolved to be irresolute, adamant for drift, all-powerful
for impotency.
		-- Winston Churchill


	In the beginning was the DEMO Project.  And the Project was
without form.  And darkness was upon the staff members thereof.  So
they spake unto their Division Head, saying, "It is a crock of shit,
and it stinks."

	And the Division Head spake unto his Department Head, saying,
"It is a crock of excrement and none may abide the odor thereof."  Now,
the Department Head spake unto his Directorate Head, saying, "It is a
container of excrement, and is very strong, such that none may abide
before it."  And it came to pass that the Directorate Head spake unto
the Assistant Technical Director, saying, "It is a vessel of fertilizer
and none may abide by its strength."

	And the assistant Technical Director spake thus unto the
Technical Director, saying, "It containeth that which aids growth and
it is very strong."  And, Lo, the Technical Director spake then unto
the Captain, saying, "The powerful new Project will help promote the
growth of the Laboratories."

	And the Captain looked down upon the Project, and He saw that
it was Good!


Bachelors' wives and old maids' children are always perfect.
		-- Nicolas Chamfort


The greatest remedy for anger is delay.


It's really quite a simple choice: Life, Death, or Los Angeles.


A man is driving down the road on his way to Salerno.  By the roadside he
sees a man hitchhiking and stops to pick him up.  As the man gets into his
car he suddenly pulls out a gun and makes the driver get out of the car.
	"All right, buddy," says the man, "I want to you jerk off."
	"What!?" says the man, disbelievingly.
	"Go ahead, do it!" says the hitchhiker.
	So the driver masturbates, and when he is through, says, "All right,
I did what you wanted, can I go now?"
	"Nope," says the hijacker.  "Do it again."
	"Again?" the driver exclaims.  "I just did it."
	"Do it again."
	It takes a little longer this time, but he manages to come again.
Panting, he turns to his tormenter and again asks if he can leave.
	"Yes," the man replies, "but only after you've done it one more
time."
	The guy is really scared now; he's starting to sweat.  It takes him
twenty minutes, this time, but he finally comes a third time.
	"Listen, buddy, can I please leave now?"
	"Yeah," says the man, lowering his gun.  "And this is my daughter;
I want you to drive her into Salerno."


A bird in the hand makes it awfully hard to blow your nose.


Overall, the philosophy is to attack the availability problem from two
complementary directions:  to reduce the number of software errors through
rigorous testing of running systems, and to reduce the effect of the remaining
errors by providing for recovery from them.  An interesting footnote to this
design is that now a system failure can usually be considered to be the
result of two program errors:  the first, in the program that started the
problem; the second, in the recovery routine that could not protect the
system.
		-- A. L. Scherr, "Functional Structure of IBM Virtual
		   Storage Operating Systems, Part II: OS/VS-2
		   Concepts and Philosophies,"
		   IBM Systems Journal, Vol. 12, No. 4.


Q:	What goes: Sis!  Boom!  Baaaaah!
A:	Exploding sheep.


Young men think old men are fools;
but old men know young men are fools.
		-- George Chapman


Ascend to the high mountain pass,
Cross the shallow side of the wide ocean.
Do not give up to the great distance:
It's by going that you will reach your aim.
Be not discouraged by human frailty:
You will overcome it if you try to.
		-- Chinggis (Genghis) Khan


The sex act is the funniest thing on the face of this earth.
		-- Diana Rigg


Now of my threescore years and ten,
Twenty will not come again,
And take from seventy springs a score,
It leaves me only fifty more.

And since to look at things in bloom
Fifty springs are little room,
About the woodlands I will go
To see the cherry hung with snow.
		-- A. E. Housman


Everyone is more or less mad on one point.
		-- Rudyard Kipling


To understand this important story, you have to understand how the
telephone company works.  Your telephone is connected to a local
computer, which is in turn connected to a regional computer, which is
in turn connected to a loudspeaker the size of a garbage truck on the
lawn of Edna A. Bargewater of Lawrence, Kan.

Whenever you talk on the phone, your local computer listens in.  If it
suspects you're going to discuss an intimate topic, it notifies the
computer above it, which listens in and decides whether to alert the
one above it, until finally, if you really humiliate yourself, maybe
break down in tears and tell your closest friend about a sordid
incident from your past involving a seedy motel, a neighbor's spouse,
an entire religious order, a garden hose and six quarts of tapioca
pudding, the top computer feeds your conversation into Edna's
loudspeaker, and she and her friends come out on the porch to listen
and drink gin and laugh themselves silly.
		-- Dave Barry, "Won't It Be Just Great Owning Our Own
		   Phones?"


Life sucks, but death doesn't put out at all.
		-- Thomas J. Kopp


QOTD:
	"I'd drag my dick a mile over broken glass just to masturbate in
	her shadow!"


Thus mathematics may be defined as the subject in which we never know
what we are talking about, nor whether what we are saying is true.
		-- Bertrand Russell


Never do today what you can put off until tomorrow.


Age before beauty; and pearls before swine.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Dammit Jim, I'm an actor not a doctor.


What does education often do?
It makes a straight cut ditch of a free meandering brook.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


Populus vult decipi.
[The people like to be deceived.]


Be different: conform.


Have you ever tried to tickle yourself?  Everybody has some wacko aunt or
uncle that can just point at you and have you rolling with laughter.  But
if you shove your fist in your underarm for a week and a half you won't
laugh.  Somehow your underarm just knows that it's *your* fist.  Thank God
other parts of our bodies are dumber.


After all my erstwhile dear,
My no longer cherished,
Need we say it was not love,
Just because it perished?
		-- Edna St. Vincent Millay


Last night the power went out.  Good thing my camera had a flash....
The neighbors thought it was lightning in my house, so they called the cops.
		-- Steven Wright


Marijuana will be legal some day, because the many law students
who now smoke pot will someday become congressmen and legalize
it in order to protect themselves.
		-- Lenny Bruce


Not only is this incomprehensible, but the ink is
ugly and the paper is from the wrong kind of tree.
		-- Professor W., EECS, George Washington University

I'm looking forward to working with you on this next year.
		-- Professor, Harvard, on a senior thesis


Beware of Programmers who carry screwdrivers.
		-- Leonard Brandwein


If money can't buy happiness, I guess you'll just have to rent it.


The little boy pointed to two dogs in the park and asked his father what
they were doing. "They're making puppies, son," replied the father.
	That night, the boy wandered into his parents' room while they were
making love.  Asked what they were doing, the father replied, "Making you
a baby brother."
	"Gee, Dad," the boy pleaded, "turn her over -- I'd rather have a
puppy."


Why is it taking so long for her to bring out all the good in you?


Never eat more than you can lift.
		-- Miss Piggy


Decision maker, n.:
	The person in your office who was unable to form a task force
	before the music stopped.


You might have mail.


Richard Nixon was the most dishonest individual I have ever met in my life.
He lied to his wife, his family, his friends, his colleagues in the Congress,
lifetime members of his own political party, the American people, and the
world.
		-- Barry Goldwater


Just machines to make big decisions,
Programmed by men for compassion and vision,
We'll be clean when their work is done,
We'll be eternally free, yes, eternally young,
What a beautiful world this will be,
What a glorious time to be free.
		-- Donald Fagon, "What A Beautiful World"


QOTD:
	"Talent does what it can, genius what it must.
	I do what I get paid to do."


U:	There's a U -- a Unicorn!
	Run right up and rub its horn.
	Look at all those points you're losing!
	UMBER HULKS are so confusing.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC


[Norm returns from the hospital.]

Coach:  What's up, Norm?
Norm:   Everything that's supposed to be.
		-- Cheers, Diane Meets Mom

Sam:	What's new, Normie?
Norm:	Terrorists, Sam.  They've taken over my stomach.
	They're demanding beer.
		-- Cheers, The Heart is a Lonely Snipehunter

Coach: What'll it be, Normie?
Norm:  Just the usual, Coach.  I'll have a froth of beer and a snorkel.
		-- Cheers, King of the Hill


3rd Law of Computing:
	Anything that can go wr
fortune: Segmentation violation -- Core dumped


The five rules of Socialism:

	1. Don't think.
	2. If you do think, don't speak.
	3. If you think and speak, don't write.
	4. If you think, speak and write, don't sign.
	5. If you think, speak, write and sign, don't be surprised.

		-- being told in Poland, 1987


Your files are now being encrypted and thrown into the bit bucket.
EOF


It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary
depends upon his not understanding it.
		-- Upton Sinclair


Be careful when a loop exits to the same place from side and bottom.


We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
		-- Calvin Coolidge


White's Statement:
	Don't lose heart!

Owen's Commentary on White's Statement:
	...they might want to cut it out...

Byrd's Addition to Owen's Commentary:
	...and they want to avoid a lengthy search.


Life is like a 10 speed bicycle.  Most of us have gears we never use.
		-- C. Schultz


Man has never reconciled himself to the ten commandments.


Insanity is the final defense.  It's hard to get a refund when
the salesman is sniffing your crotch and baying at the moon.


Cold hands, no gloves.


I know if you been talkin' you done said
just how surprised you wuz by the living dead.
You wuz surprised that they could understand you words
and never respond once to all the truth they heard.
But don't you get square!
There ain't no rule that says they got to care.
They can always swear they're deaf, dumb and blind.


I shot an arrow in to the air, and it stuck.
		-- graffito in Los Angeles

On a clear day,
U.C.L.A.
		-- graffito in San Francisco

There's so much pollution in the air now that if it weren't for our
lungs there'd be no place to put it all.
		-- Robert Orben


Yes, that was Richard Nixon.  He used to be President.  When he left
the White House, the Secret Service would count the silverware.
		-- Woody Allen, "Sleeper"


Absence is to love what wind is to fire.  It extinguishes the small,
it enkindles the great.


Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards,
for they become soggy and hard to light.

Do not throw cigarette butts in the urinal,
for they are subtle and quick to anger.


... when fits of creativity run strong, more than one programmer or writer
has been known to abandon the desktop for the more spacious floor.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr.


I used to work in a fire hydrant factory.  You couldn't park anywhere near
the place.
		-- Steven Wright


QOTD:
	"If you're looking for trouble, I can offer you a wide selection."


As I bit into the nectarine, it had a crisp juiciness about it that was very
pleasurable - until I realized it wasn't a nectarine at all, but A HUMAN HEAD!!
		-- Jack Handey


All that glitters is not gold; all that wander are not lost.


Courage is grace under pressure.


He who despises himself nevertheless esteems himself as a self-despiser.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


I am of the belief that catnip arrived on the planet in the same spaceship
that delivered cats. It is the only thing they have from their home
planet. Tuna, chicken, sparrow-brains, etc., these are all things of our
world that they like, but catnip is crack from home.
		-- Bill Cole


Democracy, n.:
	In which you say what you like and do what you're told.
		-- Gerald Barry

The difference between a Democracy and a Dictatorship is that in a
Democracy you vote first and take orders later; in a Dictatorship
you don't have to waste your time voting.
		-- Charles Bukowski


There was a plane crash over mid-ocean, and only three survivors were
left in the life-raft: the Pope, the President, and Mayor Daley.
Unfortunately, it was a one-man life-raft, and quickly sinking, so
they started debating who should be allowed to stay.  The Pope pointed
out that he was the spiritual leader of millions all over the world,
the President explained that if he died then America would be stuck
with the Vice-President, and so forth.  Then Mayor Daley said, "Look!
We're not solving anything like this!  The only fair thing to do is
to vote on it."  So they did, and Mayor Daley won by 97 votes.


Premature ejaculation, n.:
	A spoilspurt.


One day the King decided that he would force all his subjects to tell the
truth.  A gallows was erected in front of the city gates.  A herald announced,
"Whoever would enter the city must first answer the truth to a question
which will be put to him."  Nasrudin was first in line.  The captain of the
guard asked him, "Where are you going?  Tell the truth -- the alternative
is death by hanging."
	"I am going," said Nasrudin, "to be hanged on that gallows."
	"I don't believe you."
	"Very well, if I have told a lie, then hang me!"
	"But that would make it the truth!"
	"Exactly," said Nasrudin, "your truth."


Expansion means complexity; and complexity decay.


If it ain't baroque, don't fix it.


Dawn, n.:
	The time when men of reason go to bed.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The cry has been that when war is declared, all opposition should therefore
be hushed.  A sentiment more unworthy of a free country could hardly be
propagated.  If the doctrine be admitted, rulers have only to declare war
and they are screened at once from scrutiny. ...  In war, then, as in peace,
assert the freedom of speech and of the press.  Cling to this as the bulwark
of all our rights and privileges.
		-- William Ellery Channing


Talking about music is like dancing about architecture.
		-- Laurie Anderson


