THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #14 -- VALGOL

	From its modest beginnings in Southern California's San Fernando
Valley VALGOL is enjoying a dramatic surge of popularity across the
industry.  VALGOL commands include REALLY, LIKE, WELL, and Y*KNOW.
Variables are assigned with the =LIKE and =TOTALLY operators.  Other
operators include the "California booleans", AX and NOWAY.  Loops are
accomplished with the FOR SURE construct.  A simple example:

	LIKE, Y*KNOW(I MEAN)START
	IF PIZZA	=LIKE BITCHEN AND
	GUY		=LIKE TUBULAR AND
	VALLEY GIRL	=LIKE GRODY**MAX(FERSURE)**2
	THEN
		FOR I =LIKE 1 TO OH*MAYBE 100
			DO*WAH - (DITTY**2); BARF(I)=TOTALLY GROSS(OUT)
		SURE
	LIKE, BAG THIS PROGRAM; REALLY; LIKE TOTALLY(Y*KNOW); IM*SURE
	GOTO THE MALL

	VALGOL is also characterized by its unfriendly error messages.  For
example, when the user makes a syntax error, the interpreter displays the
message GAG ME WITH A SPOON!  A successful compile may be termed MAXIMALLY
AWESOME!


May you have many beautiful and obedient daughters.


Heavy, adj.:
	Seduced by the chocolate side of the force.


Your mothers ghost stands at your shoulder
Face like ice, a little bit colder
She says "You can't do that it breaks all the rules
You learned in school"
But I don't really see
Why can't we go on as three?
		-- David Crosby, "Triad"


Cordelia: Does looking at guns make you want to have sex?
Xander:	  I'm seventeen.  Looking at _L_I_N_O_L_E_U_M makes me want to have sex.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Innocence"
		   Season 2, Episode 14


To be a kind of moral Unix, he touched the hem of Nature's shift.
		-- Shelley


I'd rather have two girls at 21 each than one girl at 42.
		-- W. C. Fields


Women's virtue is man's greatest invention.
		-- Cornelia Otis Skinner


If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
		-- Derek Bok, president of Harvard


Male, n.:
	Life support system for a cock.


Grownups are reluctant to take science fiction seriously, and with good
reason: sci-fi is a hormonal activity, not a literary one.  Its traditional
concerns are all pubescent.  Secondary sexual characteristics are everywhere,
disguised.  Aliens have tentacles.  Telepathy allows you to have sex without
any nasty inconvenience of touching.  Womblike spaceships provide balanced
meals.  No one ever has to grow old -- body parts are replaceable, like
Job's daughters, and if you're lucky you can become a robot.  As for the
adult world, it's simply not there; political systems tend to be naively
authoritarian (there are more lords in science fiction than on public
television) and are often ruled by young boys on quests.  The most popular
sci-fi book in years, Frank Herbert's Dune, sold millions of copies by
combining all these themes: it ends with its adolescent hero conquering the
universe while straddling a giant worm.
		-- Arnold Klein


Niklaus Wirth has lamented that, whereas Europeans pronounce his
name correctly (Ni-klows Virt), Americans invariably mangle it into
(Nick-les Worth).  Which is to say that Europeans call him by name,
but Americans call him by value.


Attempting to stop MySQL by buying companies around it is like trying
to kill a dolphin by drinking the ocean.
		-- Marten Mickos


It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees.


A penny saved has not been spent.


A little kid went up to Santa and asked him, "Santa, you know when I'm bad
right?"  And Santa says, "Yes, I do."  The little kid then asks, "And you
know when I'm sleeping?"  To which Santa replies, "Every minute."  So the
little kid then says, "Well, if you know when I'm bad and when I'm good,
then how come you don't know what I want for Christmas?"


ORAL CONTRACEPTIVE:
	The word "No".


SCCS, the source motel!  Programs check in and never check out!
		-- Ken Thompson


One picture is worth 128K words.


The good (I am convinced, for one)
Is but the bad one leaves undone.
Once your reputation's done
You can live a life of fun.
		-- Wilhelm Busch


Hi, I'm Preston A. Mantis, president of Consumers Retail Law Outlet.
As you can see by my suit and the fact that I have all these books of
equal height on the shelves behind me, I am a trained legal attorney.
Do you have a car or a job?  Do you ever walk around?  If so, you
probably have the makings of an excellent legal case.  Although of
course every case is different, I would definitely say that based on my
experience and training, there's no reason why you shouldn't come out
of this thing with at least a cabin cruiser.

Remember, at the Preston A. Mantis Consumers Retail Law Outlet, our
motto is:  "It is very difficult to disprove certain kinds of pain."
		-- Dave Barry, "Pain and Suffering"


Nothing is so often irretrievably missed as a daily opportunity.
		-- Ebner-Eschenbach


There's no trick to being a humorist when you have the whole government
working for you.
		-- Will Rogers


The notion that the church, the press, and the universities should
serve the state is essentially a Communist notion ... In a free society
these institutions must be wholly free -- which is to say that their
function is to serve as checks upon the state.
		-- Alan Barth


UNIX is hard. Let's go shopping!


Stealing a rhinoceros should not be attempted lightly.


Remember the... the... uhh.....


Q:	How did Hellen Keller burn the side of her face?
A:	She answered the iron.

Q:	How did she burn the other side of her face?
A:	They called back.


To a Californian, a person must prove himself criminally insane before he
is allowed to drive a taxi in New York.  For New York cabbies, honesty and
stopping at red lights are both optional.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


If you took all the students that felt asleep in class and laid them
end to end, they'd be a lot more comfortable.
		-- "Graffiti in the Big Ten"


In which level of metalanguage are you now speaking?


Why do seagulls live near the sea?
'Cause if they lived near the bay, they'd be called baygulls.


He who hates vices hates mankind.


The future lies ahead.


The longer I am out of office, the more infallible I appear to myself.
		-- Henry Kissinger


Enjoy yourself while you're still old.


Oprah Winfrey has an incredible talent for getting the weirdest people to
talk to.  And you just HAVE to watch it.  "Blind, masochistic minority,
crippled, depressed, government latrine diggers, and the women who love
them too much on the next Oprah Winfrey."


WARNING!
	This system is subject to breakdowns during periods of critical need!
A special circuit in the computer called a "critical detector" senses the
user's emotional state in terms of how desperate they are to get their program
to run.  The "critical detector" then creates a bug in the program proportional
to the desperation of the user.  Threatening the terminal with violence only
aggravates the situation, causing the program to immediately crash or the
entire system to go down.  Likewise, attempts to use another terminal may cause
it to core dump.  (They all belong to the same LAN.)  Keep cool and say nice
things to the terminal.


One organism, one vote.


Manic-depressive, n.:
	Easy glum, easy glow.


Anybody who doesn't cut his speed at the
sight of a police car is probably parked.


The person you rejected yesterday could make you happy, if you say yes.


Mrs. Kelly is partial to cocks;
Mr. Kelly likes rye on the rocks.
	When he's under the weather
	They can't get together,
So others get into her box.


Everything can be filed under "miscellaneous".


QOTD:
	"Sacred cows make great hamburgers."


Van Roy's Law:
	Honesty is the best policy - there's less competition.

Van Roy's Truism:
	Life is a whole series of circumstances beyond your control.


I continued wetting my bed for a long time, not just out of contrariness,
but to have the pleasure of feeling my warm urine running down my legs
and wallowing in its odor.
		-- Salvador Dali


Pardon this fortune.  Database under reconstruction.


Mencken and Nathan's Ninth Law of The Average American:
	The quality of a champagne is judged by the amount of noise the
	cork makes when it is popped.


The so-called lessons of history are for the most part the
rationalizations of the victors.  History is written by the survivors.
		-- Max Lerner


To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


You couldn't even prove the White House
staff sane beyond a reasonable doubt.
		-- Ed Meese, on the Hinckley verdict


Vini, vidi, vici.
[I came, I saw, I conquered].
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar


Women, when they are not in love, have all
the cold blood of an experienced attorney.
		-- Honore de Balzac


Bend over and take it like a man!


Porsche; there simply is no substitute.
		-- Risky Business


And the northern lights commenced to glow.
And she said, with a tear in her eye,
"Watch out where the huskies go, and don't you eat that yellow snow."
		-- Frank Zappa, "The Story of Nanook and the Fur Trapper"


He who hesitates is a damned fool.
		-- Mae West


If you refuse to accept anything but the best you very often get it.


The best way to make a fire with two sticks is to make sure one of them
is a match.
		-- Will Rogers


	A young husband with an inferiority complex insisted he was just a
little pebble on the beach.  The marriage counselor told him, "If you wish to
save your marriage, you'd better be a little boulder."


	The new patron was amazed by the cleanliness of the restaurant.  A
waiter approached the table.  "Good afternoon, sir.  What may I serve you?"
	"I'll have the steak dinner," the man answered.
	As the waiter headed for the kitchen, the diner noticed that he
wore a spotless white apron and clean white gloves.  Soon the waiter
returned, bearing a casserole dish on a cart which he uncovered to reveal
two tempting filet mignons.  From a covered pocket in his apron he produced
a small pair of shining silver tongs and with them he transferred the meat
from the steaming casserole to the diner's plate.  "We never touch anything
with our hands," he explained.
	The waiter continued serving.  "Confidentially," he said, "we even
have a special set of rules about visiting the lavatory.  Do you see this
little piece of string attached to my apron?"
	"Yes," the diner replied.  "I noticed that all the aprons had one."
	The waiter put a large browned potato on the plate with his tongs.
"Well," he began, "if I should have to go to the bathroom, that string
comes in very handily.  I simply unzip my pants and take it out with that
piece of string.  That way everything stays sanitary."
	"But how do you put it back?"
	"Well, I don't know about the other guys," the waiter confided, "but
I use the tongs."


The average woman must inevitably view her actual husband with a certain
disdain; he is anything but her ideal.  In consequence, she cannot help
feeling that her children are cruelly handicapped by the fact that he is
their father.
		-- H. L. Mencken


It is not a good omen when goldfish commit suicide.


Marriage is like a bank account.  You put it in, you take it out,
you lose interest.
		-- Professor Irwin Corey


Religion has done love a great service by making it a sin.
		-- Anatole France


You have a will that can be influenced
by all with whom you come in contact.


An American tourist is visiting Russia, and he's talking with a Russian
about the fact that not many people in Russia own cars.

American:	"I can't believe you don't have cars here!  How do you
		get to work?"
Russian:	"We take the bus, or the subway.  We have public
		transportation everywhere."
A:		"Well, how do you go on vacations?"
R:		"We take the train."
A:		"Well, what if you want to go abroad?"
R:		"We don't ever want go abroad."
A:		"Well, what if you really HAVE to go abroad?"
R:		"We take tanks."


To doubt everything or to believe everything are two equally
convenient solutions; both dispense with the necessity of reflection.
		-- H. Poincare


	A novice asked the master: "I have a program that sometimes runs and
sometimes aborts.  I have followed the rules of programming, yet I am totally
baffled. What is the reason for this?"
	The master replied: "You are confused because you do not understand
the Tao.  Only a fool expects rational behavior from his fellow humans.  Why
do you expect it from a machine that humans have constructed?  Computers
simulate determinism; only the Tao is perfect.
	The rules of programming are transitory; only the Tao is eternal.
Therefore you must contemplate the Tao before you receive enlightenment."
	"But how will I know when I have received enlightenment?" asked the
novice.
	"Your program will then run correctly," replied the master.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Natives who beat drums to drive off evil spirits are objects of
scorn to smart Americans who blow horns to break up traffic jams.
		-- Mary Ellen Kelly


Disclose classified information only when a NEED TO KNOW exists.


THE MX IS GOOD FOR THE ECONOMY.  One important reason we have a Defense
Department is that when we give it money, it spends it, which creates
jobs, whereas if we left the money in the hands of civilians, we don't
know what they'd do with it.  Probably put it in open trenches and set
it on fire.  The MX will create an especially large number of jobs
because of the number of warheads it carries.  It carries a total of 10
warheads.  This creates a great deal of employment, because you have
your Warhead Makers, your Warhead Lifters, your Persons Who Tap the
Warheads Gently with Rubber Mallets to Wedge Them All Snugly Into the
Nose Cone, your Persons Who Just Walk Around Playing Soothing Cassettes
by Recording Artists such as Perry Como So We Don't Have Any More
Episodes Where a Worker Who is Experiencing Some Strain Sticks a
Warhead in the Employee Cafeteria Microwave and Sets It On Roast, etc.
We are talking about a lot of jobs.
		-- Dave Barry, "At Last, the Ultimate Deterrent Against
		   Political Fallout"


Though a program be but three lines long, someday it will have to
be maintained.
		-- The Tao of Programming


QUESTION AUTHORITY.

(Sez who?)


Those who can make you believe absurdities, can make you commit atrocities.
		-- Voltaire


Mr. Rockford, this is the Thomas Crown School of Dance and Contemporary
Etiquette.  We aren't going to call again!  Now you want these free
lessons or what?


Wesley:	I have in fact faced two vampires myself.  Under controlled
	circumstances of course.
Giles:	No danger of finding those here.
Wesley:	Vampires?
Giles:	Controlled circumstances.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Bad Girls"
		   Season 3, Episode 14


Q:	Why did the tachyon cross the road?
A:	Because it was on the other side.


How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?
		-- Pink Floyd


The genius of our ruling class is that it has kept a majority of the
people from ever questioning the inequity of a system where most people
drudge along paying heavy taxes for which they get nothing in return.
		-- Gore Vidal


Never use "etc." -- it makes people think there is more where
there is not or that there is not space to list it all, etc.


Q:	What is purple and concord the world?
A:	Alexander the Grape.


HERE'S A GOOD JOKE to do during an earthquake.  Straddle a big crack in
the earth and if it opens wider, go, "Whoa! Whoa!" and flap your arms
around as if you're going to fall.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


All his life he has looked away... to the horizon, to the sky,
to the future.  Never his mind on where he was, on what he was doing.
		-- Yoda


Oden the bardling averred
His muse was the bum of a bird,
	And his Lesbian wife
	Would finger his fife
While Fisherwood waited as third.


A man can sleep around, no questions asked, but if a woman makes nineteen
or twenty mistakes she's a tramp.
		-- Joan Rivers


Do infants have as much fun in infancy as adults do in adultery?


The big difference between sex for money and sex for free is that
sex for money usually costs a lot less.
		-- Brendan Francis


Famous last words:
	1: Don't unplug it, it will just take a moment to fix.
	2: Let's take the shortcut, he can't see us from there.
	3: What happens if you touch these two wires tog...
	4: We won't need reservations.
	5: It's always sunny there this time of the year.
	6: Don't worry, it's not loaded.
	7: They'd never (be stupid enough to) make him a manager.
	8: Don't worry!  Women love it!


The speed of anything depends on the flow of everything.


Mother said there would be days like this, but she never said there
would be so many.


Political history is far too criminal a subject to be a fit thing to
teach children.
		-- W. H. Auden


The true way goes over a rope which is not stretched at any great
height but just above the ground.  It seems more designed to make
people stumble than to be walked upon.
		-- Franz Kafka


	Somewhat alarmed at the continued growth of the number of employees
on the Department of Agriculture payroll in 1962, Michigan Republican Robert
Griffin proposed an amendment to the farm bill so that "the total number of
employees in the Department of Agriculture at no time exceeds the number of
farmers in America."
		-- Bill Adler, "The Washington Wits"


The bogosity meter just pegged.


You will never amount to much.
		-- Munich Schoolmaster, to Albert Einstein, age 10


Kleeneness is next to Godelness.


He who slings mud generally loses ground.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


The 80's -- when you can't tell hairstyles from chemotherapy.


Every country has the government it deserves.
		-- Joseph De Maistre


	"How'd you get that flat?"
	"Ran over a bottle."
	"Didn't you see it?"
	"Damn kid had it under his coat."


Q:	How many pre-med's does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	Five:  One to change the bulb and four to pull the ladder
	out from under him.


There's a whole WORLD in a mud puddle!
		-- Doug Clifford


The only people for me are the mad ones -- the ones who are mad to live,
mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time,
the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn
like fabulous yellow Roman candles.
		-- Jack Kerouac, "On the Road"


Langsam's Laws:
	(1) Everything depends.
	(2) Nothing is always.
	(3) Everything is sometimes.


Democracy is good.  I say this because other systems are worse.
		-- Jawaharlal Nehru


If this fortune didn't exist, somebody would have invented it.


Mate, this parrot wouldn't VOOM if you put four million volts through it!
		-- Monty Python


Steinbach's Guideline for Systems Programming:
	Never test for an error condition you don't know how to
handle.


Whether you can hear it or not
The Universe is laughing behind your back
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


Mary had a little lamb,
It's fleece as white as snow.
It followed her to school one day,
And got fucked by a big black dog.


One meets his destiny often on the road he takes to avoid it.


Democrats buy most of the books that have been banned somewhere.
Republicans form censorship committees and read them as a group.

Republicans consume three-fourths of the rutabaga produced in the USA.
The remainder is thrown out.

Republicans usually wear hats and almost always clean their paint brushes.

Republicans study the financial pages of the newspaper.
Democrats put them in the bottom of the bird cage.

Most of the stuff alongside the road has been thrown out of car
windows by Democrats.
		-- Paul Dickson, "The Official Rules"


The primary requisite for any new tax law is for it to exempt enough
voters to win the next election.


Everything that can be invented has been invented.
		-- Charles Duell, Director of U.S. Patent Office, 1899


	... This striving for excellence extends into people's
personal lives as well.  When '80s people buy something, they buy the
best one, as determined by (1) price and (2) lack of availability.
Eighties people buy imported dental floss.  They buy gourmet baking
soda.  If an '80s couple goes to a restaurant where they have made a
reservation three weeks in advance, and they are informed that their
table is available, they stalk out immediately, because they know it is
not an excellent restaurant.  If it were, it would have an enormous
crowd of excellence-oriented people like themselves waiting, their
beepers going off like crickets in the night.  An excellent restaurant
wouldn't have a table ready immediately for anybody below the rank of
Liza Minnelli.
		-- Dave Barry, "In Search of Excellence"


I have a map of the United States.  It's actual size.
I spent last summer folding it.
People ask me where I live, and I say, "E6".
		-- Steven Wright


	A man was traveling cross-country one summer from New York to LA.
He arrived in Needles, CA late one night and pulled into an Exxon for some
gas.  When he pulled up to the gas pumps, he noticed that all of the lights
were off.  Suddenly, he heard a faint sound from outside.  He wasn't sure
what he'd heard, so he rolled down his window and heard a faint cry,
"Help... help... help".  He got out of his car, and sure enough there was
a guy stooped down in the corner, stark naked with his wrists tied to his
ankles.  He walked up to the guy and said, "Hey, man, what happened to you?"
	"These guys pulled me out of my car, took my money, my wallet, my
clothes, tied my wrists to my ankles, and then stole my car!!"
	"Damn!", replied the first man as he unzipped his pants.  "This just
hasn't been your day, has it?"


A penny saved is ridiculous.


There are ten or twenty basic truths, and life
is the process of discovering them over and over and over.
		-- David Nichols


Seems like this farmer purchased an old, run-down, abandoned farm with plans
to turn it into a thriving enterprise.  The fields are grown over with weeds,
the farmhouse is falling apart, and the fences are collapsing all around.
During his first day of work, the town preacher stops by to bless the man's
work, praying, "May you and God work together to make this the farm of your
dreams!"
	A few months later, the preacher stops by again to call on the farmer.
Lo and behold, it's like a completely different place -- the farm house is
completely rebuilt and in excellent condition, there is plenty of cattle and
other livestock happily munching on feed in well-fenced pens, and the fields
are filled with crops planted in neat rows.  "Amazing!" the preacher says.
"Look what God and you have accomplished together!"
	"Yes, reverend," replies the farmer, "but remember what the farm was
like when God was working it alone!"


A man's gotta know his limitations.
		-- Clint Eastwood, "Dirty Harry"


Neutrinos have bad breadth.


If all else fails, immortality can always be assured by spectacular error.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


Collaboration, n.:
	A literary partnership based on the false assumption that the
	other fellow can spell.


Economics is extremely useful as a form of employment for economists.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


You have been selected for a secret mission.


Fine day to work off excess energy.  Steal something heavy.


Ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so.
		-- John Stuart Mill


I argue very well.  Ask any of my remaining friends.  I can win an
argument on any topic, against any opponent.  People know this, and
steer clear of me at parties.  Often, as a sign of their great respect,
they don't even invite me.
		-- Dave Barry


Ray's Rule of Precision:
	Measure with a micrometer.  Mark with chalk.  Cut with an axe.


You are a fluke of the universe; you have no right to be here.


Sixteen'll get you twenty.


A woman is like a dresser ... some man always goin' through her
drawers.
		-- Blind Lemon Pledge


Pour guerir un acces de fievre
Un jeune homme poursuivit un lievre;
	Il le prit a son trou,
	Et fit faire un ragout
Des entrailles et des pattes au genievre.
		-- Edward Gorey


`Just the place for a Snark!' the Bellman cried,
	As he landed his crew with care;
Supporting each man on the top of the tide
	By a finger entwined in his hair.

`Just the place for a Snark!  I have said it twice:
	That alone should encourage the crew.
Just the place for a Snark!  I have said it thrice:
	What I tell you three times is true.'
		-- Lewis Carroll, "The Hunting of the Snark"


I knew Leo G. Carrol
Was over a barrel
When Tarantula took to the hills.	["Lick it!"]
And I really got hot
When I saw Jeanette Scott
Fight a triffid that spits poison and kills.

Science fiction, double feature
Doctor X will build a creature.
See androids fighting Brad and Janet
Anne Francis stars in Forbidden Planet
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh
At the late night, double feature, picture show.
		-- The Rocky Horror Picture Show


Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
		-- Lao Tsu


Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral?
It is because we are not the person involved.
		-- Mark Twain


No man is an island, but some of us are long peninsulas.


A witty writer, K. Kraus in the Vienna "Fackel", has as it were, expressed
this truth paradoxically in the cynical saying: "Coitus is merely an
unsatisfactory substitute for onanism!"
		-- Sigmund Freud, attempting to explain why
		   masturbation is "by no means harmless"


An interpretation I satisfies a sentence in the table language if and only if
each entry in the table designates the value of the function designated by the
function constant in the upper-left corner applied to the objects designated
by the corresponding row and column labels.
		-- Genesereth & Nilsson,
		   "Logical foundations of Artificial Intelligence"


Job Placement, n.:
	Telling your boss what he can do with your job.


I had a virgin once.  I had to go to Florida for her.  She was twelve
years old, blind in one eye, and carried a stuffed alligator labeled
"Made in Taiwan".
		-- The Stunt Man


QOTD:
	"If it's too loud, you're too old."


QOTD:
	"The only easy way to tell a hamster from a gerbil is that the
	gerbil has more dark meat."


I guess the Little League is even littler than we thought.
		-- D. Cavett


	"What are you watching?"
	"I don't know."
	"Well, what's happening?"
	"I'm not sure...  I think the guy in the hat did something
terrible."
	"Why are you watching it?"
	"You're so analytical.  Sometimes you just have to let art
flow over you."
		-- The Big Chill


I do not know whether I was then a man dreaming I was a
butterfly, or whether I am now a butterfly dreaming I am a man.
		-- Chuang Tzu


Not Hercules could have knock'd out his brains, for he had none.
		-- William Shakespeare


Practice is the best of all instructors.
		-- Publilius


The two party system ... is a triumph of the dialectic.  It showed that
two could be one and one could be two and had probably been fabricated
by Hegel for the American market on a subcontract from General Dynamics.
		-- I. F. Stone


Magnet, n.: Something acted upon by magnetism

Magnetism, n.: Something acting upon a magnet.

The two definitions immediately foregoing are condensed from the works
of one thousand eminent scientists, who have illuminated the subject
with a great white light, to the inexpressible advancement of human
knowledge.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The man-hating woman, like the cold woman, is largely imaginary.  She
is simply a woman who has done her best to snare a man and has failed.
		-- Norton


Never explain.  Your friends do not need it
and your enemies will never believe you anyway.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


Best Mistakes In Films
	In his "Filmgoer's Companion", Mr. Leslie Halliwell helpfully lists
four of the cinema's greatest moments which you should get to see if at all
possible.
	In "Carmen Jones", the camera tracks with Dorothy Dandridge down a
street; and the entire film crew is reflected in the shop window.
	In "The Wrong Box", the roofs of Victorian London are emblazoned
with television aerials.
	In "Decameron Nights", Louis Jourdain stands on the deck of his
fourteenth century pirate ship; and a white lorry trundles down the hill
in the background.
	In "Viking Queen", set in the times of Boadicea, a wrist watch is
clearly visible on one of the leading characters.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


There's more than one way to skin a cat:
	#15 -- Krazy Glue and a toothbrush.


I did not look behind me, 'till I got to St. Omer's & thence fled to America;
here I offer'd to become a Spy for the English Government which was scornfully
rejected; I then turned to Plunder & Libel the Yankees, for which I was fined
5000 Dollars & kicked out of the Country!  I came back to England (after
absconding for Seven years) & set up the Crown & Mitre to establish my Loyalty!
-- accepted from the Doctor L400 to print & disperse a pamphlet against "the
Hellfire of Reform" ... but applied the Money to purchase an estate at Botley,
& left ye Doctor to pay the Paper & Printing!  Being now Lord of the Manor, I
began by sowing the seeds of discontent through Hampshire; I oppressed the
Poor, sent the Aged to Hell, & damned the eyes of my Parish Apprentices before
they were open'd in the morning! ... and being now supported by a Band of
Reformers, I renewed my old favorite Toast of Damnation to the House of
Brunswick! & being exalted by the sale of 10,000 Political Registers every
week, I find myself the greatest Man in the World! except that Idol of all my
Adorations, his Royal and Imperial Majesty, NAPOLEONE!
		-- William Cobbett, British journalist


If we can ever make red tape nutritional, we can feed the world.
		-- R. Schaeberle, "Management Accounting"


