In the course of reading Hadamard's "The Psychology of Invention in the
Mathematical Field", I have come across evidence supporting a fact
which we coffee achievers have long appreciated:  no really creative,
intelligent thought is possible without a good cup of coffee.  On page
14, Hadamard is discussing Poincare's theory of fuchsian groups and
fuchsian functions, which he describes as "... one of his greatest
discoveries, the first which consecrated his glory ..."  Hadamard refers
to Poincare having had a "... sleepless night which initiated all that
memorable work ..." and gives the following, very revealing quote:

	"One evening, contrary to my custom, I drank black coffee and
	could not sleep.  Ideas rose in crowds;  I felt them collide
	until pairs interlocked, so to speak, making a stable
	combination."

Too bad drinking black coffee was contrary to his custom.  Maybe he
could really have amounted to something as a coffee achiever.


Democracy, n.:
	In which you say what you like and do what you're told.
		-- Gerald Barry

The difference between a Democracy and a Dictatorship is that in a
Democracy you vote first and take orders later; in a Dictatorship
you don't have to waste your time voting.
		-- Charles Bukowski


Every love's the love before
In a duller dress.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Summary"


Ask not for whom the telephone bell tolls ...
if thou art in the bathtub, it tolls for thee.


Working with Julie Andrews is like getting hit over the head with
a valentine.
		-- Christopher Plummer


Oh, my friend, it is not what they take away from you that counts --
it's what you do with what you have left.
		-- Hubert H. Humphrey


Toto, I have a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore.
		-- Judy Garland as Dorothy Gale, "The Wizard of Oz"


Minors in Kansas City, Missouri, are not allowed to purchase cap
pistols; they may buy shotguns freely, however.


The Lord prefers common-looking people.  That is the reason that He makes
so many of them.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


What I want is all of the power and none of the responsibility.


Hear about...
	the gay tattoo artist who had designs on several of the local
	sailors?


Admiration, n.:
	Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Never speak ill of yourself, your friends will always say enough on
that subject.
		-- Charles-Maurice De Talleyrand


The Force is what holds everything together.
It has its dark side, and it has its light side.
It's sort of like cosmic duct tape.


Lawful Dungeon Master -- and they're MY laws!


You can make it illegal, but you can't make it unpopular.


LOGO for the Dead

LOGO for the Dead lets you continue your computing activities from
"The Other Side."

The package includes a unique telecommunications feature which lets you
turn your TRS-80 into an electronic Ouija board.  Then, using Logo's
graphics capabilities, you can work with a friend or relative on this
side of the Great Beyond to write programs.  The software requires that
your body be hardwired to an analog-to-digital converter, which is then
interfaced to your computer.  A special terminal (very terminal) program
lets you talk with the users through Deadnet, an EBBS (Ectoplasmic
Bulletin Board System).

LOGO for the Dead is available for 10 percent of your estate
from NecroSoft inc., 6502 Charnelhouse Blvd., Cleveland, OH 44101.
		-- '80 Microcomputing


It is better to give than to lend, and it costs about the same.


There is no act of treachery or mean-ness of which a political party
is not capable; for in politics there is no honour.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli, "Vivian Grey"


GUILLOTINE:
	A French chopping center.


Some of the most interesting documents from Sweden's middle ages are the
old county laws (well, we never had counties but it's the nearest equivalent
I can find for "landskap").  These laws were written down sometime in the
13th century, but date back even down into Viking times.  The oldest one is
the Vastgota law which clearly has pagan influences, thinly covered with some
Christian stuff.  In this law, we find a page about "lekare", which is the
Old Norse word for a performing artist, actor/jester/musician etc.  Here is
an approximate translation, where I have written "artist" as equivalent of
"lekare".
	"If an artist is beaten, none shall pay fines for it.  If an artist
	is wounded, one such who goes with hurdie-gurdie or travels with
	fiddle or drum, then the people shall take a wild heifer and bring
	it out on the hillside.  Then they shall shave off all hair from the
	heifer's tail, and grease the tail.  Then the artist shall be given
	newly greased shoes.  Then he shall take hold of the heifer's tail,
	and a man shall strike it with a sharp whip.  If he can hold her, he
	shall have the animal.  If he cannot hold her, he shall endure what
	he received, shame and wounds."


we will invent new lullabies, new songs, new acts of love,
we will cry over things we used to laugh &
our new wisdom will bring tears to eyes of gentle
creatures from other planets who were afraid of us till then &
in the end a summer with wild winds &
new friends will be.


I only date queers.
		-- Bisexuality, 101
		[I'm not queer, but my boyfriend is!  Ed.]


She's fine, upstanding, and wonderful laying down.


The woman who lives on the moon
Is still cherishing the balloon
	Of an earthling who'd come
	And given her some,
But had dribbled away all too soon.


Painting, n.:
	The art of protecting flat surfaces from the weather, and
	exposing them to the critic.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


If A = B and B = C, then A = C, except where void or prohibited by law.
		-- Roy Santoro


A prominent broadcaster, on a big-game safari in Africa, was taken to a
watering hole where the life of the jungle could be observed. As he
looked down from his tree platform and described the scene into his
tape recorder, he saw two gnus grazing peacefully. So preoccupied were
they that they failed to observe the approach of a pride of lions led
by two magnificent specimens, obviously the leaders. The lions charged,
killed the gnus, and dragged them into the bushes where their feasting
could not be seen.  A little while later the two kings of the jungle
emerged and the radioman recorded on his tape: "Well, that's the end of
the gnus and here, once again, are the head lions."


I've noticed several design suggestions in your code.


Let's talk about how to fill out your 1984 tax return.  Here's an often
overlooked accounting technique that can save you thousands of
dollars:  For several days before you put it in the mail, carry your
tax return around under your armpit.  No IRS agent is going to want to
spend hours poring over a sweat-stained document.  So even if you owe
money, you can put in for an enormous refund and the agent will
probably give it to you, just to avoid an audit.  What does he care?
It's not his money.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sweating Out Taxes"


If you look like your driver's license photo -- see a doctor.
If you look like your passport photo -- it's too late for a doctor.


Stone's Law:
	One man's "simple" is another man's "huh?"


Your depth of comprehension may tend to make you lax in worldly ways.


Have you heard of knock-kneed Samuel McGuzzum
Who married Samantha, his bow-legged cousin?
	Some people say,
	Love finds a way,
But for Sam and Samantha it doesn'.


Spock: We suffered 23 casualties in that attack, Captain.


Two rights don't make a wrong, they make an airplane.


Sex is low in calories, and *oooh* that aftertaste!


Of course, most people eventually give up bowling for sex.
The balls are lighter and you don't have to change your shoes.


The good time is approaching,
The season is at hand.
When the merry click of the two-base lick
Will be heard throughout the land.
The frost still lingers on the earth, and
Budless are the trees.
But the merry ring of the voice of spring
Is borne upon the breeze.
		-- Ode to Opening Day, "The Sporting News", 1886


Johnson's law:
	Systems resemble the organizations that create them.


Women's virtue is man's greatest invention.
		-- Cornelia Otis Skinner


The sum of the intelligence of the world is constant.
The population is, of course, growing.


	I got into an elevator at work and this man followed in after me.
I pushed "1" and he just stood there.  I said "Hi, where you going?"
	He said, "Phoenix."  So I pushed Phoenix.  A few seconds later
the doors opened, two tumbleweeds blew in... we were in downtown Phoenix.
	I looked at him and said "You know, you're the kind of guy I
want to hang around with."  We got into his car and drove out to his
shack in the desert.
	Then the phone rang.  He said "You get it."
	I picked it up and said "Hello?"
	The other side said "Is this Steven Wright?"
	I said "Yes..."
	The guy said "Hi, I'm Mr. Jones, the student loan director from
your bank.  It seems you have missed your last 17 payments, and the
university you attended said that they received none of the $17,000 we
loaned you.  We would just like to know what happened to the money?"
	I said, "Mr. Jones, I'll give it to you straight.  I gave all
of the money to my friend Slick, and with it he built a nuclear weapon...
and I would appreciate it you never called me again."
		-- Steven Wright


All theoretical chemistry is really physics;
and all theoretical chemists know it.
		-- Richard P. Feynman


Saliva causes cancer, but only if swallowed
in small amounts over a long period of time.
		-- George Carlin


	"It's today!" said Piglet.
	"My favorite day," said Pooh.


I am ready to meet my Maker.  Whether my Maker is prepared
for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter.
		-- Winston Churchill


Layers are for cakes, not for software.
		-- Bart Smaalders


ARITHMETIC:
	An obscure art no longer practiced in
	the world's developed countries.


	"Dad," the 13-year-old boy asked, looking up from his social-
studies text, "what did you do during the sexual revolution?"
	"Well, son," his father confided, "I guess you could say I was
captured early and spent the duration doing the dishes."


No line available at 300 baud.


A Mormon is a man that has the bad taste and the religion to do what a
good many other people are restrained from doing by conscientious
scruples and the police.
		-- Mr. Dooley


Humanity has advanced, when it has advanced, not because it has been sober,
responsible, and cautious, but because it has been playful, rebellious, and
immature.
		-- Tom Robbins


QOTD:
	"I never met a man I couldn't drink handsome."


Life is like a simile.


It's faster horses,
Younger women,
Older whiskey and
More money.
		-- Tom T. Hall, "The Secret of Life"


A guy walks into a bar, orders a beer, carries it to the bathroom and dumps it
into a urinal.  Over the course of the next few hours, he goes back to the bar
and repeats this sequence -- several times.  Finally the bartender got so
curious that he leaned over the bar and asked him what he was doing.
	Replied the customer, "Avoiding the middleman."


The conservation movement is a breeding ground of Communists and other
subversives.  We intend to clean them out, even if it means rounding up
every bird watcher in the country.
		-- John Mitchell, Atty. General 1969-1972


Law enforcement officers should use only the minimum
force necessary in dealing with disorders when they arise.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


It wasn't that she had a rose in her teeth, exactly.
It was more like the rose and the teeth were in the same glass.


Fourteen years in the professor dodge has taught me that one can argue
ingeniously on behalf of any theory, applied to any piece of literature.
This is rarely harmful, because normally no-one reads such essays.
		-- Robert Parker, quoted in "Murder Ink", ed. D. Wynn


Be regular and orderly in your life, so that you may be violent
and original in your work.
		-- Flaubert


I have the simplest tastes.  I am always satisfied with the best.
		-- Oscar Wilde


My central memory of that time seems to hang on one or five or maybe forty
nights -- or very early mornings -- when I left the Fillmore half-crazy and,
instead of going home, aimed the big 650 Lightning across the Bay Bridge at
a hundred miles an hour ... booming through the Treasure Island tunnel at
the lights of Oakland and Berkeley and Richmond, not quite sure which
turnoff to take when I got to the other end ... but being absolutely certain
that no matter which way I went I would come to a place where people were
just as high and wild as I was: no doubt at all about that.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


When license fees are too high,
users do things by hand.
When the management is too intrusive,
users lose their spirit.

Hack for the user's benefit.
Trust them; leave them alone.


Nine megs for the secretaries fair,
Seven megs for the hackers scarce,
Five megs for the grads in smoky lairs,
Three megs for system source;

One disk to rule them all,
One disk to bind them,
One disk to hold the files
And in the darkness grind 'em.


Old MacDonald had an agricultural real estate tax abatement.


It'll be just like Beggars Canyon back home.
		-- Luke Skywalker


There's one fool at least in every married couple.


If we suffer tamely a lawless attack upon our liberty,
we encourage it, and involve others in our doom.
		-- Samuel Adams


In Ohio, if you ignore an orator on Decoration day to such an extent as
to publicly play croquet or pitch horseshoes within one mile of the
speaker's stand, you can be fined $25.00.


	The master programmer moves from program to program without fear.  No
change in management can harm him.  He will not be fired, even if the project
is canceled.  Why is this?  He is filled with the Tao.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Friends, n.:
	People who borrow your books and set wet glasses on them.

	People who know you well, but like you anyway.


You are now in Atlanta, Georgia.
Please set your clocks back 200 years.


One is often kept in the right road by a rut.
		-- Gustave Droz


Freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose.
		-- Kris Kristofferson, "Me and Bobby McGee"


Q:	How do you play religious roulette?
A:	You stand around in a circle and blaspheme and see who gets struck
	by lightning first.


I've found my niche.  If you're wondering why I'm not there, there was
this little hole in the bottom ...
		-- John Croll


What nonsense people talk about happy marriages!
A man can be happy with any woman so long as he doesn't love her.
		-- Wilde


So live that you wouldn't be ashamed
to sell the family parrot to the town gossip.


Gomme's Laws:
	(1) A backscratcher will always find new itches.
	(2) Time accelerates.
	(3) The weather at home improves as soon as you go away.


Moustache rides, 50 cents.


WASP, n.:
	Someone who gets out of the shower to take a piss.


Q:	How do you shoot a blue elephant?
A:	With a blue-elephant gun.

Q:	How do you shoot a pink elephant?
A:	Twist its trunk until it turns blue, then shoot it with
	a blue-elephant gun.


I had a dream last night...
I dreamt about 1976.
I dreamt about a country with incurable brain damage...
I even dreamt they gave it a heart transplant.
Then I woke up and I knew it was only a nightmare...
so I went back to sleep again.
		-- Ralph Steadman, "Fear and Loathing '72"


Fay: The British police force used to be run by men of integrity.
Truscott: That is a mistake which has been rectified.
		-- Joe Orton, "Loot"


Q:	What's the difference between a JAP and a baby elephant?
A:	About 10 pounds.

Q:	How do you make them the same?
A:	Force feed the elephant.


How many "coming men" has one known!  Where on earth do they all go to?
		-- Sir Arthur Wing Pinero


You always introduce the younger person to the older person, using the
wording:  "Miss Brown, I'd like to introduce you to an older person"
(unless her name is not "Miss Brown").  If you do not know a person's
age, ask for a driver's license and a major credit card.  If you are
introduced to a member of a minority group, use the "high-five" style
handshake, followed by a remark designed to show you don't mind a bit,
such as "I see you are a (name of a minority group)!  Good!"
		-- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"


	"Then what is magic for?" Prince Lir demanded wildly.  "What use is
wizardry if it cannot save a unicorn?"  He gripped the magician's shoulder
hard, to keep from falling.
	Schmendrick did not turn his head.  With a touch of sad mockery in
his voice, he said, "That's what heroes are for."
...
	"Yes, of course," he [Prince Lir] said.  "That is exactly what heroes
are for.  Wizards make no difference, so they say that nothing does, but
heroes are meant to die for unicorns."
		-- P. Beagle, "The Last Unicorn"


You've always made the mistake of being yourself.
		-- Eugene Ionesco


I despise the pleasure of pleasing people whom I despise.


There is a building with four floors.  On the first floor, there
is a convention of architects.  On the second floor, there is a
vinyl manufacturing plant.  On the third floor there is a fast food
stand, and on the fourth floor there is a library.

Q:	What would happen if a librarian traveled down in a small
	elevator with one other person from each floor?
A:	The elevator would be full.


Will you loan me $20.00 and only give me ten of it?
That way, you will owe me ten, and I'll owe you ten, and we'll be even!


If it doesn't smell yet, it's pretty fresh.
		-- Dave Johnson, on dead seagulls


Opinions are like assholes -- everyone's got one, but nobody wants to
look at the other guy's.
		-- Hal Hickman


I do not care if half the league strikes.  Those who do will encounter
quick retribution.  All will be suspended, and I don't care if it wrecks
the National League for five years.  This is the United States of America
and one citizen has as much right to play as another.
		-- Ford Frick, National League President, reacting to a
		   threatened strike by some Cardinal players in 1947 if
		   Jackie Robinson took the field against St. Louis.  The
		   Cardinals backed down and played.


Those who talk don't know.  Those who don't talk, know.


Any dramatic series the producers want us to take seriously as a
representation of contemporary reality cannot be taken seriously as a
representation of anything -- except a show to be ignored by anyone
capable of sitting upright in a chair and chewing gum simultaneously.
		-- Richard Schickel


Politics, like religion, hold up the
torches of martyrdom to the reformers of error.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Admittedly, there are a lot of things that are better than sex,
and a lot more that are worse; but there's nothing quite like it...


QOTD:
	"Well, let's say she's friendly.  Last year she was the Herpes
	Poster Girl."


Never do programs contain so few bugs as when no debugging tools
are available.
		-- Niklaus Wirth


Did you know that there are 71.9 acres of nipple tissue in the U.S.?


An adequate bootstrap is a contradiction in terms.


X windows:
	You'd better sit down.
	Don't laugh.  It could be YOUR thesis project.
	Why do it right when you can do it wrong?
	Live the nightmare.
	Our bugs run faster.
	When it absolutely, positively HAS to crash overnight.
	There ARE no rules.
	You'll wish we were kidding.
	Everything you never wanted in a window system.  And more.
	Dissatisfaction guaranteed.
	There's got to be a better way.
	The next best thing to keypunching.
	Leave the thrashing to us.
	We wrote the book on core dumps.
	Even your dog won't like it.
	More than enough rope.
	Garbage at your fingertips.

Incompatibility.  Shoddiness.  Uselessness.
	X windows.


A watched clock never boils.


We dedicate this book to our fellow citizens who, for love of truth,
take from their own wants by taxes and gifts, and now and then send
forth one of themselves as dedicated servant, to forward the search
into the mysteries and marvelous simplicities of this strange and
beautiful Universe, Our home.
		-- "Gravitation", Misner, Thorne, and Wheeler


The smallest worm will turn being trodden on.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


Shedenhelm's Law:
	All trails have more uphill sections
	than they have downhill sections.


That woman speaks eight languages and can't say "no" in any of them.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Anarchy may not be the best form of government, but it's better than no
government at all.


A bachelor never quite gets over the idea that he is a thing of beauty
and a boy for ever.
		-- Helen Rowland


A husky foreigner, looking for sex, accepted a prostitute's terms.  When
she undressed, he noticed that she had no pubic hair.  The man shouted,
"What, no wool?  In my country all women have wool down there."
	The prostitute snapped back, "What do you want to do, knit or fuck?"


Said a horny young girl from Milpitas,
"My favorite sport is coitus."
	But a fullback from State
	Made her period late,
And now she has athlete's fetus.


Advertising is the most fun of anything you can do with your clothes on.
		-- Mary Wells, advertising executive


Drilling for oil is boring.


Let sleeping dogs lie.
		-- Charles Dickens


QOTD:
	"One day, I'd like to wake up in the morning to find that every
	gay and lesbian has lavender skin.  On that morning, I will be
	-- mauve."


Don't tell me how hard you work.  Tell me how much you get done.
		-- James J. Ling


When you don't know what to do, walk fast and look worried.


The student in question is performing minimally for his peer group and
is an emerging underachiever.


Documentation is like sex: when it is good, it is very, very good; and
when it is bad, it is better than nothing.
		-- Dick Brandon


Matz's Law:
	A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking.


Creativity in living is not without its attendant difficulties, for
peculiarity breeds contempt. And the unfortunate thing about being
ahead of your time when people finally realize you were right, they'll
say it was obvious all along.
		-- Alan Ashley-Pitt


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(34) The fact that there will always be poor people is not the fault of
     the rich.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


If you have to think twice about it, you're wrong.


The alarm clock that is louder than God's own
belongs to the roommate with the earliest class.


