Take everything in stride.
Trample anyone who gets in your way.


When I was young we didn't have MTV; we
had to take drugs and go to concerts.
		-- Steven Pearl


There are also a lot of nice buildings in Haiphong.  What their
contributions are to the war effort I don't know, but the desire to
bomb a virgin building is terrific.
		-- Commander Henry Urban, Jr.


I believe in sex and death -- two experiences that come once in a lifetime.
		-- Woody Allen


For thirty years a certain man went to spend every evening with Mme. ___.
When his wife died his friends believed he would marry her, and urged
him to do so.  "No, no," he said: "if I did, where should I have to
spend my evenings?"
		-- Chamfort


We are all so much together and yet we are all dying of loneliness.
		-- Albert Schweitzer


That's always the way when you discover
something new; everyone thinks you're crazy.
		-- Evelyn E. Smith


It is better to wear chains than to believe you are free,
and weight yourself down with invisible chains.


There are people who find it odd to eat four or five Chinese meals
in a row; in China, I often remind them, there are a billion or so
people who find nothing odd about it.
		-- Calvin Trillin


We prefer to speak evil of ourselves
rather than not speak of ourselves at all.


The Czechs announced after Sputnik that they, too, would launch
a satellite.  Of course, it would orbit Sputnik, not Earth!


A man would still do something out of sheer perversity - he would create
destruction and chaos - just to gain his point... and if all this could in
turn be analyzed and prevented by predicting that it would occur, then man
would deliberately go mad to prove his point.
		-- Feodor Dostoevsky, "Notes From the Underground"


If in doubt, mumble.


You and I as individuals can, by borrowing, live beyond our means, but
only for a limited period of time.  Why should we think that collectively,
as a nation, we are not bound by that same limitation?
		-- Ronald Reagan


You can't cheat an honest man, never give
a sucker an even break or smarten up a chump.
		-- W. C. Fields


Q:	What did one regular expression say to the other?
A:	.+


Forest fires cause Smokey Bears.


Life is too short to stuff a mushroom.
		-- Storm Jameson


I cannot believe that God plays dice with the cosmos.
		-- Albert Einstein, on the randomness of quantum mechanics


We are confronted with insurmountable opportunities.
		-- Walt Kelly, "Pogo"


You are in a maze of little twisting passages, all alike.


Telepression, n.:
	The deep-seated guilt which stems from knowing that you did not
	try hard enough to look up the number on your own and instead
	put the burden on the directory assistant.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Fast, cheap, good: pick two.


You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.


Ever notice that the word "therapist" breaks down into "the rapist"?
Simple coincidence?
Maybe...


Avec!


A good sysadmin always carries around a few feet of fiber. If he ever
gets lost, he simply drops the fiber on the ground, waits ten minutes,
then asks the backhoe operator for directions.
		-- Bill Bradford <mrbill@mrbill.net>


Machine-independent program:
	A program that will not run on any machine.


The use of money is all the advantage there is to having money.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


We don't believe in rheumatism and true love until after the first attack.
		-- Marie Ebner von Eschenbach


If I had a plantation in Georgia and a home in Hell,
I'd sell the plantation and go home.
		-- Eugene P. Gallagher


Isn't it conceivable to you that an intelligent
person could harbor two opposing ideas in his mind?
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson, to reporters


The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher
esteem those who think alike than those who think differently.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.


Oh don't the days seem lank and long
When all goes right and none goes wrong,
And isn't your life extremely flat
With nothing whatever to grumble at!


From Italian tourist guide:

	"Non stop trains to Roma Termini Station leave from 7.38
	 a.m. to 10.08 p.m., hourly."


Dentist, n.:
	A Prestidigitator who, putting metal in one's mouth,
	pulls coins out of one's pockets.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


A woman employs sincerity only when every other form of deception has failed.
		-- Scott


A woman of generous character will sacrifice her life a thousand times
over for her lover, but will break with him for ever over a question of
pride -- for the opening or the shutting of a door.
		-- Stendhal


Give me libertines or give me meth.


It is better to have loved a short man than never to have loved a tall.


One good turn usually gets most of the blanket.


I realize that the MX missile is none of our concern.  I realize that
the whole point of living in a democracy is that we pay professional
congresspersons to concern themselves with things like the MX missile
so we can be free to concern ourselves with getting hold of the
plumber.

But from time to time, I feel I must address major public issues such
as this, because in a free and open society, where the very future of
the world hinges on decisions made by our elected leaders, you never
win large cash journalism awards if you stick to the topics I usually
write about, such as nose-picking.
		-- Dave Barry, "At Last, the Ultimate Deterrent Against
		   Political Fallout"


No matter how clever the hardware boys
are, the software boys piss it away.


He boil my first cabbage, make it awfully hot,
But when he put in the bacon, oooh, you know it overflow the pot.
		-- Bessie Smith, "Empty Bed Blues"


Your step will soil many countries.


For a man to truly understand rejection, he must first be ignored by a
cat.


A Difficulty for Every Solution.
		-- Motto of the Federal Civil Service


A stunning blonde, but probably all bean dip above the eyebrows.


First Rule of History:
	History doesn't repeat itself --
	historians merely repeat each other.


There are three principal ways to lose money: wine, women, and
engineers.  While the first two are more pleasant, the third is by far
the more certain.
		-- Baron Rothschild, ca. 1800


brain-damaged, generalization of "Honeywell Brain Damage" (HBD), a
theoretical disease invented to explain certain utter cretinisms in
Multics, adj.:
	Obviously wrong; cretinous; demented.  There is an implication
	that the person responsible must have suffered brain damage,
	because he/she should have known better.  Calling something
	brain-damaged is bad; it also implies it is unusable.


Horngren's Observation:
	Among economists, the real world is often a special case.


Visiting a lawyer for advice, the wife said, "I want you to help me obtain a
divorce. My husband is getting a little queer to sleep with."
	What do you mean?" asked the attorney. "Does he force you to indulge
in unusual sex practices?"
	"No, he doesn't," replied the woman, "and neither does the little
queer."


You will think of something funnier than this to add to the fortunes.


Bigamy is having one spouse too many.  Monogamy is the same.


	Dallas Cowboys Official Schedule

	Sept 14		Pasadena Junior High
	Sept 21		Boy Scout Troop 049
	Sept 28		Blind Academy
	Sept 30		World War I Veterans
	Oct 5		Brownie Scout Troop 041
	Oct 12		Sugarcreek High Cheerleaders
	Oct 26		St. Thomas Boys Choir
	Nov 2		Texas City Vet Clinic
	Nov 9		Korean War Amputees
	Nov 15		VA Hospital Polio Patients


I'd like to meet the man who invented sex and see what he's working on
now.


The use of money is all the advantage there is to having money.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Personifiers of the world, unite!
You have nothing to lose but Mr. Dignity!
		-- Bernadette Bosky


The Modelski Chain Rule:
1:	Look intently at the problem for several minutes.  Scratch your
	head at 20-30 second intervals.  Try solving the problem on your
	Hewlett-Packard.
2:	Failing this, look around at the class.  Select a particularly
	bright-looking individual.
3:	Procure a large chain.
4:	Walk over to the selected student and threaten to beat him severely
	with the chain unless he gives you the answer to the problem.
	Generally, he will.  It may also be a good idea to give him a sound
	thrashing anyway, just to show you mean business.


Sexual enlightenment is justified insofar as girls cannot learn too soon
how children do not come into the world.
		-- Karl Kraus


Hickory Dickory Dock,
Three mice ran up a clock!
The clock struck one,
Right in the balls!

There was an old woman,
Who lived in a shoe,
Who had so many children,
Her uterus fell right out.


National security is in your hands - guard it well.


Mickey Mouse wears a Spiro Agnew watch.


If you push the "extra ice" button on the soft drink vending machine,
you won't get any ice.  If you push the "no ice" button, you'll get
ice, but no cup.


Love conquers all things; let us too surrender to love.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)


There is a certain impertinence in allowing oneself to be burned for an
opinion.
		-- Anatole France


Turnaucka's Law:
	The attention span of a computer is only as long as its
	electrical cord.


A non-vegetarian anti-abortionist is a contradiction in terms.
		-- Phyllis Schlafly


Politician, n.:
	From the Greek "poly" ("many") and the French "tete" ("head" or
	"face," as in "tete-a-tete": head to head or face to face).
	Hence "polytetien", a person of two or more faces.
		-- Martin Pitt


A certain amount of opposition is a help, not a hindrance.
Kites rise against the wind, not with it.


I Can't Get Over You, So I Get Up and Go Around to the Other Side
If You Won't Leave Me Alone, I'll Find Someone Who Will
I Knew That You'd Committed a Sin When You Came Home Late With
	Your Socks Outside-in
I'm a Rabbit in the Headlights of Your Love
Don't Kick My Tires If You Ain't Gonna Take Me For a Ride
I Liked You Better Before I Knew You So Well
I Still Miss You, Baby, But My Aim's Gettin' Better
I've Got Red Eyes From Your White Lies and I'm Blue All the Time
		-- proposed Country-Western song titles from "Wordplay"


Never put off till run-time what you can do at compile-time.
		-- D. Gries


Once upon a girl there was a time...


This fortune soaks up 47 times its own weight in excess memory.


When I was 16, I thought there was no hope for my father.
By the time I was 20, he had made great improvement.


Politics and the fate of mankind are formed by men without ideals and
without greatness. Those who have greatness within them do not go in
for politics.
		-- Albert Camus


The college graduate is presented with a sheepskin to cover his
intellectual nakedness.
		-- Robert M. Hutchins


He tells you when you've got on too much lipstick,
And helps you with your girdle when your hips stick.
		-- Ogden Nash, on the perfect husband


When we understand knowledge-based systems, it will be as before --
except our fingertips will have been singed.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


If you think the United States has stood still, who built the largest
shopping center in the world?
		-- Richard M. Nixon


And on the seventh day, He exited from append mode.


Either I'm dead or my watch has stopped.
		-- Groucho Marx' last words


Fill what's empty, empty what's full, scratch where it itches.
		-- Alice Roosevelt Longworth


There is plenty of time before progress goes too far.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


For the first time we have a weapon that nobody has used for thirty years.
This gives me great hope for the human race.
		-- Harlan Ellison


After your lover has gone you will still have PEANUT BUTTER!


The War on Drugs is just a small part of the War on the United States
Constitution.


Programmers get overlaid.


	The boss returned from lunch in a good mood and called the whole staff
in to listen to a couple of jokes he had picked up.  Everybody but one girl
laughed uproariously.  "What's the matter?" grumbled the boss. "Haven't you
got a sense of humor?"
	"I don't have to laugh," she said.  "I'm leaving Friday anyway.


And you can't get any Watney's Red Barrel,
because the bars close every time you're thirsty...


A fake fortuneteller can be tolerated.  But an authentic soothsayer
should be shot on sight.  Cassandra did not get half the kicking around
she deserved.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


Man who dance in crowded ballroom
dance cheek to cheek with woman behind him.


Were there no women, men might live like gods.
		-- Thomas Dekker


This screen intentionally left blank.


Nybble me...  Byte me...  Unsigned long int me...


A prisoner of war is a man who tries to kill you and fails, and then
asks you not to kill him.
		-- Sir Winston Churchill, 1952


Watching girls go passing by
It ain't the latest thing
I'm just standing in a doorway
I'm just trying to make some sense
Out of these girls passing by		A smile relieves the heart that grieves
The tales they tell of men		Remember what I said
I'm not waiting on a lady		I'm not waiting on a lady
I'm just waiting on a friend		I'm just waiting on a friend
...
Don't need a whore
Don't need no booze
Don't need a virgin priest		Ooh, making love and breaking hearts
But I need someone I can cry to		It is a game for youth
I need someone to protect		But I'm not waiting on a lady
					I'm just waiting on a friend
					I'm just waiting on a friend
		-- Rolling Stones, "Waiting on a Friend"


In reply to a message by Scott Long:

> Note: this amounts to life support for floppies.  The end IS coming.

Say it ain't so!  If you establish a dangerous trend like this in
your support for floppy booting, the next thing you know, some
computer manufacturer will start shipping machines without ANY FLOPPY
DRIVE AT ALL, leading to the infocalypse, the four horsemen pouring
their vials upon the earth, the birth of the anti-christ (or PERL 6,
whichever comes first), dogs and cats living together, etc.

It's the end of days, I tell you!  The end!  Can the FreeBSD/NetBSD
merger be that far off?
		-- Jordan Hubbard (31 January 2006)


QOTD:
	"You want me to put *holes* in my ears and hang things from them?
	How...  tribal."


Are you making all this up as you go along?


I have now come to the conclusion never again to think of marrying,
and for this reason: I can never be satisfied with anyone who would
be blockhead enough to have me.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


The full impact of parenthood doesn't hit you until you multiply the
number of your kids by thirty-two teeth.


Marriage, n.:
	The evil aye.


He who writes with no misspelled words has prevented a first suspicion
on the limits of his scholarship or, in the social world, of his general
education and culture.
		-- Julia Norton McCorkle


	I made it a rule to forbear all direct contradictions to the sentiments
of others, and all positive assertion of my own.  I even forbade myself the use
of every word or expression in the language that imported a fixed opinion, such
as "certainly", "undoubtedly", etc.  I adopted instead of them "I conceive",
"I apprehend", or "I imagine" a thing to be so or so; or "so it appears to me
at present".
	When another asserted something that I thought an error, I denied
myself the pleasure of contradicting him abruptly, and of showing him
immediately some absurdity in his proposition.  In answering I began by
observing that in certain cases or circumstances his opinion would be right,
but in the present case there appeared or seemed to me some difference, etc.
	I soon found the advantage of this change in my manner; the
conversations I engaged in went on more pleasantly.  The modest way in which I
proposed my opinions procured them a readier reception and less contradiction.
I had less mortification when I was found to be in the wrong, and I more easily
prevailed with others to give up their mistakes and join with me when I
happened to be in the right.
		-- Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin


All power corrupts, but we need electricity.


Let us treat men and women well;
Treat them as if they were real;
Perhaps they are.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Girls really do know just what they want -- you to figure it out for
yourself!


When you are about to do an objective and scientific piece of investigation
of a topic, it is well to have the answer firmly in hand, so that you can
proceed forthrightly, without being deflected or swayed, directly to the
goal.
		-- Amrom Katz


Finagle's Seventh Law:
	The perversity of the universe tends toward a maximum.


Jews always know two things: suffering and where to find great Chinese food.
		-- From the movie "My Favorite Year"


Even in the moment of our earliest kiss,
When sighed the straitened bud into the flower,
Sat the dry seed of most unwelcome this;
And that I knew, though not the day and hour.
Too season-wise am I, being country-bred,
To tilt at autumn or defy the frost:
Snuffing the chill even as my fathers did,
I say with them, "What's out tonight is lost."
I only hoped, with the mild hope of all
Who watch the leaf take shape upon the tree,
A fairer summer and a later fall
Than in these parts a man is apt to see,
And sunny clusters ripened for the wine:
I tell you this across the blackened vine.
		-- Edna St. Vincent Millay, "Even in the Moment of
		   Our Earliest Kiss", 1931


Opinions are like assholes -- everyone's got one, but nobody wants to
look at the other guy's.
		-- Hal Hickman


VUJA DE:
	The feeling that you've *never*, *ever* been in this situation before.


It's very glamorous to raise millions of dollars, until it's time for the
venture capitalist to suck your eyeballs out.
		-- Peter Kennedy, chairman of Kraft & Kennedy


A single flow'r he sent me, since we met.
All tenderly his messenger he chose;
Deep-hearted, pure, with scented dew still wet--
One perfect rose.

I knew the language of the floweret;
"My fragile leaves," it said, "his heart enclose."
Love long has taken for his amulet
One perfect rose.

Why is it no one ever sent me yet
One perfect limousine, do you suppose?
Ah no, it's always just my luck to get
One perfect rose.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "One Perfect Rose"


There's a lesson that I need to remember
When everything is falling apart
In life, just like in loving
There's such a thing as trying to hard

You've gotta sing
Like you don't need the money
Love like you'll never get hurt
You've gotta dance
Like nobody's watching
It's gotta come from the heart
If you want it to work.
		-- Kathy Mattea


By necessity, by proclivity, and by delight, we all quote.
In fact, it is as difficult to appropriate the thoughts of others
as it is to invent.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
		-- Quoted from a fortune cookie program
		(whose author claims, "Actually, stealing IS easier.")
		[to which I reply, "You think it's easy for me to
		misconstrue all these misquotations?!?"  Ed.]


I like paying taxes.  With them I buy civilization.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


Lisp hackers have to be bound (to-do 'it) ...


If you want me to be a good little bunny
just dangle some carats in front of my nose.
		-- Lauren Bacall


Bozo is the Brotherhood of Zips and Others.  Bozos are people who band
together for fun and profit.  They have no jobs.  Anybody who goes on a
tour is a Bozo. Why does a Bozo cross the street?  Because there's a Bozo
on the other side. It comes from the phrase vos otros, meaning others.
They're the huge, fat, middle waist.  The archetype is an Irish drunk
clown with red hair and nose, and pale skin.  Fields, William Bendix.
Everybody tends to drift toward Bozoness.  It has Oz in it.  They mean
well.  They're straight-looking except they've got inflatable shoes.  They
like their comforts.  The Bozos have learned to enjoy their free time,
which is all the time.
		-- The Firesign Theatre, "If Bees Lived Inside Your Head"


The luck that is ordained for you will be coveted by others.


Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for you are crunchy and good
with ketchup.


Talk is cheap because supply always exceeds demand.


	"Fantasies are free."
	"NO!! NO!! It's the thought police!!!!"


Things past redress and now with me past care.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"


When Dexter's on the Internet, can Hell be far behind?


	"Anything else, sir?" asked the attentive bellhop, trying his best
to make the lady and gentleman comfortable in their penthouse suite in the
posh hotel.
	"No.  No, thank you," replied the gentleman.
	"Anything for your wife, sir?" the bellhop asked.
	"Why, yes, young man," said the gentleman.  "Would you bring me
a postcard?"


Simon's Law:
	Everything put together falls apart sooner or later.


VIRGO (Aug 23 - Sept 22)
	You are the logical type and hate disorder.  This nitpicking is
sickening to your friends.  You are cold and unemotional and sometimes
fall asleep while making love.  Virgos make good bus drivers.


Goda's Truism:
	By the time you get to the point where you can make ends meet,
	somebody moves the ends.


At the heart of science is an essential tension between two seemingly
contradictory attitudes -- an openness to new ideas, no matter how bizarre
or counterintuitive they may be, and the most ruthless skeptical scrutiny
of all ideas, old and new.  This is how deep truths are winnowed from deep
nonsense.  Of course, scientists make mistakes in trying to understand the
world, but there is a built-in error-correcting mechanism:  The collective
enterprise of creative thinking and skeptical thinking together keeps the
field on track.
		-- Carl Sagan, "The Fine Art of Baloney Detection"


System restarting, wait...


The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep.
		-- W. C. Fields


Humor is a drug which it's the fashion to abuse.
		-- William Gilbert


We are sorry.  We cannot complete your call as dialed.  Please check
the number and dial again or ask your operator for assistance.

This is a recording.


I figure that if God actually does exist, He's big enough to understand an
honest difference of opinion.
		-- Isaac Asimov


Yes me, I got a bottle in front of me.
And Jimmy has a frontal lobotomy.
Just different ways to kill the pain the same.
But I'd rather have a bottle in front of me,
Than to have to have a frontal lobotomy.
I might be drunk but at least I'm not insane.
		-- Randy Ansley M.D. (Dr. Rock)


Youth -- not a time of life but a state of mind... a predominance of
courage over timidity, of the appetite for adventure over the love of ease.
		-- Robert F. Kennedy


I'm also inclined to believe that if you wait long enough, you will
eventually have more than 255 of almost *anything*....
		-- A. Lyman Chapin


Ours is a world where people don't know what they
want and are willing to go through hell to get it.


Board the windows, up your car insurance, and don't leave any booze in plain
sight.  It's St. Patrick's day in Chicago again.  The legend has it that St.
Patrick drove the snakes out of Ireland.  In fact, he was arrested for drunk
driving.  The snakes left because people kept throwing up on them.


We found on St. Paul's only two kinds of birds -- the booby and the noddy...
Both are of a tame and stupid disposition, and are so unaccustomed to
visitors, that I could have killed any number of them with my geological
hammer.
		-- Charles Darwin


Soldiers who wish to be a hero
Are practically zero,
But those who wish to be civilians,
They run into the millions.


Beauty, n.:
	The power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Unprovided with original learning, unformed in the habits of thinking,
unskilled in the arts of composition, I resolved to write a book.
		-- Edward Gibbon


Brain, v. [as in "to brain"]:
	To rebuke bluntly, but not pointedly; to dispel a source
	of error in an opponent.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


I just got out of the hospital after a
speed reading accident.  I hit a bookmark.
		-- Steven Wright


Floating idly one day through the air,
A circus performer named Blair,
	Tied a sizeable rock,
	To the end of his cock,
And shattered a balcony chair.


You are here:
		***
		***
	     *********
	      *******
	       *****
		***
		 *

		 But you're not all there.


Moderation in all things.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer [Terence]


Only the hypocrite is really rotten to the core.
		-- Hannah Arendt


Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
		-- Mark Twain


The universe is all a spin-off of the Big Bang.


A computer scientist is someone who fixes things that aren't broken.


A light wife doth make a heavy husband.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"


Greenspun's Tenth Rule of Programming:
	Any sufficiently complicated C or Fortran program contains
	an ad hoc informally-specified bug-ridden slow implementation
	of half of Common Lisp.


There appears to be irrefutable evidence that
the mere fact of overcrowding induces violence.
		-- Harvey Wheeler


Insanity is the final defense.  It's hard to get a refund when
the salesman is sniffing your crotch and baying at the moon.


We who revel in nature's diversity and feel instructed by every animal
tend to brand Homo sapiens as the greatest catastrophe since the Cretaceous
extinction.
		-- S. J. Gould


Three Midwesterners, a Kansan, a Missourian and an Iowan,
all appearing on a quiz program, were asked to complete this sentence:
"Old MacDonald had a . . ."

	"Old MacDonald had a carburetor," answered the Kansan.
	"Sorry, that's wrong," the game show host said.
	"Old MacDonald had a free brake alignment down at the
		service station," said the Missourian.
	"Wrong."
	"Old MacDonald had a farm," said the Iowan.
	"CORRECT!" shouts the quizmaster.  "Now for $100,000, spell `farm.'"
	"Easy," said the Iowan. "E-I-E-I-O."


The wages of sin are unreported.


In America, any boy may become president and I suppose that's just one
of the risks he takes.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


Young men think old men are fools;
but old men know young men are fools.
		-- George Chapman


You never go anywhere without your soul.


"God is as real as I am," the old man said.  My faith was restored, for
I knew that Santa would never lie.


Absence makes the heart forget.


Love isn't only blind, it's also deaf, dumb, and stupid.


Swallow, v.:
	The (blew) bird of birth control.


