I've known him as a man, as an adolescent and as a child -- sometimes
on the same day.


Marriage is a ghastly public confession of a strictly private intention.


I have lots of things in my pockets;
None of them is worth anything.
Sociopolitical whines aside,
Gan you give me, gratis, free,
The price of half a gallon
Of Gallo extra bad
And most of the bus fare home.


I try to keep an open mind, but not so open that my brains fall out.
		-- Judge Harold T. Stone


Seize the day, put no trust in the morrow!
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


The History of every major Galactic Civilization tends to pass through
three distinct and recognizable phases, those of Survival, Inquiry, and
Sophistication, otherwise known as the How, Why, and Where phases.  For
instance, the first phase is characterized by the question "How can we
eat?" the second by "Why do we eat?" and the third by "Where shall we
have lunch?".
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the End of the Universe"


Q:	Why should you always serve a Southern Carolina football man
	soup in a plate?
A:	'Cause if you give him a bowl, he'll throw it away.


Paycheck, n.:
	The weekly $5.27 that remains after deductions for federal
	withholding, state withholding, city withholding, FICA,
	medical/dental, long-term disability, unemployment insurance,
	Christmas Club, and payroll savings plan contributions.


There but for the grace of God, goes God.
		-- Winston Churchill, speaking of Sir Stafford Cripps


I was in this prematurely air conditioned supermarket and there were all
these aisles and there were these bathing caps you could buy that had these
kind of Fourth of July plumes on them that were red and yellow and blue and
I wasn't tempted to buy one but I was reminded of the fact that I had been
avoiding the beach.
		-- Lucinda Childs "Einstein On The Beach"


Logic is the chastity belt of the mind!


Jesus loves you, but everybody else thinks you're a dork.


Laetrile is the pits.


I went to a wild party last night.  I tell ya, it was so wild, we played
a new version of Russian roulette.  We passed around six girls and one
of them had V.D.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


Lensmen eat Jedi for breakfast.


People who claim they don't let little things bother
them have never slept in a room with a single mosquito.


So, if there's no God, who changes the water?
		-- New Yorker cartoon of two goldfish in a bowl


My notion of a husband at forty is that a woman should
be able to change him, like a bank note, for two twenties.


Finagle's Third Law:
	In any collection of data, the figure most obviously correct,
	beyond all need of checking, is the mistake.

Corollaries:
	1. Nobody whom you ask for help will see it.
	2. The first person who stops by, whose advice you really
	   don't want to hear, will see it immediately.


Money cannot buy love, nor even friendship.


Chicken Little was right.


Mankind's yearning to engage in sports is older than recorded history,
dating back to the time millions of years ago, when the first primitive
man picked up a crude club and a round rock, tossed the rock into the
air, and whomped the club into the sloping forehead of the first
primitive umpire.

What inner force drove this first athlete?  Your guess is as good as
mine.  Better, probably, because you haven't had four beers.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sports is a Drag"


Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.


Life is like arriving late for a movie, having to figure out what was
going on without bothering everybody with a lot of questions, and then
being unexpectedly called away before you find out how it ends.


Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from a rigged demo.


Once it hits the fan, the only rational choice is to
sweep it up, package it, and sell it as fertilizer.


If you see an onion ring -- answer it!


A fox is wolf who sends flowers.
		-- Ruth Weston


He who laughs last hasn't been told the terrible truth.


You can fool some of the people all of the time and all
of the people some of the time, but you can never fool your Mom.


Memory fault -- core...uh...um...core... Oh dammit, I forget!


I cannot draw a cart, nor eat dried oats;
If it be man's work I will do it.


We should keep the Panama Canal.  After all, we stole it fair and square.
		-- S. I. Hayakawa


... though his invention worked superbly -- his theory was a crock of sewage
from beginning to end.
		-- Vernor Vinge, "The Peace War"


Turnaucka's Law:
	The attention span of a computer is only as long as its
	electrical cord.


The English country gentleman galloping after a fox -- the unspeakable
in full pursuit of the uneatable.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "A Woman of No Importance"


QOTD:
	"I'm not a nerd -- I'm 'socially challenged.'"


Eggheads unite!  You have nothing to lose but your yolks.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


It's hard to keep a good girl down -- but lots of fun trying.


Sir Francis Drake circumcised the world with a 100 foot clipper.


Be valiant, but not too venturous.
Let thy attire be comely, but not costly.
		-- John Lyly


Delay is preferable to error.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


In every country and every age, the priest has been hostile to Liberty.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


A person who is more than casually interested in computers should be well
schooled in machine language, since it is a fundamental part of a computer.
		-- Donald E. Knuth


There is no fool to the old fool.
		-- John Heywood


C'est magnifique, mais ce n'est pas l'Informatique.
		-- Bosquet [on seeing the IBM 4341]


This time it's for love; next time it's $100.00.


From the Pointless Comparison Collection:

	To give you an idea of how sensitive these antennas are,
	if we were to "listen" to one spacecraft in the outer solar
	system by Jupiter or Saturn for 1 billion years and add up
	all the signal we collected, it would be enough power to
	set off the flash bulb on your camera once.

		-- Peter Doms, manager of the Deep Space Network
		   systems program at JPL


Liberty don't work as good in practice as it does in speeches.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


	"I'll tell ya, Jeb," Wilbur said to his friend, "the tractor
business ain't doin' too well.  I ain't sold one all month.
	"You think you've got problems?" Jeb replied.  "The other day, I went
out to milk Daisy, when she swatted me in the face with her tail, like she
always does.  So I took some twine and tied it to the rafters.  When I sat
down again, she kicked me like she always does.  So I tied her leg to the
side of the stall.  When I started to sit down again, I could see her taking
aim with her other leg, so I tied it to the other side of the stall.  And I'll
tell you what," he continued with a sigh, "if you can convince my wife I was
gonna *milk* that cow, I'll buy a tractor from you!"


Wanna buy a duck?


Hugh Hefner is a virgin.


America was discovered by Amerigo Vespucci and was named after him, until
people got tired of living in a place called "Vespuccia" and changed its
name to "America".
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


So... did you ever wonder, do garbage men take showers before they
go to work?


Nobody ever ruined their eyesight by looking at the bright side of something.


A man may sometimes be forgiven the kiss to which he is not entitled,
but never the kiss he has not the initiative to claim.


Said a happy young man of Fort Drum:
"What care I for this shortage of gum?
	My favorite chew
	Is a condom or two,
With a goodly amount of fresh come."


A citizen of America will cross the ocean to fight for democracy, but
won't cross the street to vote in a national election.
		-- Bill Vaughan


I am NOMAD!


Tertullian was born in Carthage somewhere about 160 A.D.  He was a
pagan, and he abandoned himself to the lascivious life of his city until
about his 35th year, when he became a Christian. [...]  To him is
ascribed the sublime confession: Credo quia absurdum est (I believe
because it is absurd).  This does not altogether accord with historical
fact, for he merely said: "And the Son of God died, which is immediately
credible because it is absurd.  And buried he rose again, which is
certain because it is impossible."  Thanks to the acuteness of his mind,
he saw through the poverty of philosophical and Gnostic knowledge, and
contemptuously rejected it.
		-- Carl G. Jung, "Psychological Types"
		   [Tertullian was one of the founders of the Catholic
		   Church.  Ed.]


Don't despise your poor relations, they may become suddenly rich one day.
		-- Josh Billings


Don't steal... the IRS hates competition!


If the master dies and the disciple grieves,
the lives of both have been wasted.


Now I lay me down to sleep
I pray the double lock will keep;
May no brick through the window break,
And, no one rob me till I awake.


Brooke's Law:
	Whenever a system becomes completely defined, some damn fool
	discovers something which either abolishes the system or
	expands it beyond recognition.


I'd love to go out with you, but the man on television told me to stay
tuned.


	I made it a rule to forbear all direct contradictions to the sentiments
of others, and all positive assertion of my own.  I even forbade myself the use
of every word or expression in the language that imported a fixed opinion, such
as "certainly", "undoubtedly", etc.  I adopted instead of them "I conceive",
"I apprehend", or "I imagine" a thing to be so or so; or "so it appears to me
at present".
	When another asserted something that I thought an error, I denied
myself the pleasure of contradicting him abruptly, and of showing him
immediately some absurdity in his proposition.  In answering I began by
observing that in certain cases or circumstances his opinion would be right,
but in the present case there appeared or seemed to me some difference, etc.
	I soon found the advantage of this change in my manner; the
conversations I engaged in went on more pleasantly.  The modest way in which I
proposed my opinions procured them a readier reception and less contradiction.
I had less mortification when I was found to be in the wrong, and I more easily
prevailed with others to give up their mistakes and join with me when I
happened to be in the right.
		-- Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin


Man is a military animal,
Glories in gunpowder, and loves parade.
		-- P. J. Bailey


So much
depends
upon
a red

wheel
barrow
glazed with

rain
water
beside
the white
chickens.
		-- William Carlos Williams, "The Red Wheel Barrow"


X windows:
	You'd better sit down.
	Don't laugh.  It could be YOUR thesis project.
	Why do it right when you can do it wrong?
	Live the nightmare.
	Our bugs run faster.
	When it absolutely, positively HAS to crash overnight.
	There ARE no rules.
	You'll wish we were kidding.
	Everything you never wanted in a window system.  And more.
	Dissatisfaction guaranteed.
	There's got to be a better way.
	The next best thing to keypunching.
	Leave the thrashing to us.
	We wrote the book on core dumps.
	Even your dog won't like it.
	More than enough rope.
	Garbage at your fingertips.

Incompatibility.  Shoddiness.  Uselessness.
	X windows.


