But Captain -- the engines can't take this much longer!


But since I knew now that I could hope for nothing of greater value than
frivolous pleasures, what point was there in denying myself of them?
		-- M. Proust


How can you work when the system's so crowded?


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #19
	A Los Angeles judge ruled that "a citizen may snore with immunity in
his own home, even though he may be in possession of unusual and exceptional
ability in that particular field."


A recent study has found that concentrating on difficult off-screen
objects, such as the faces of loved ones, causes eye strain in computer
scientists.  Researchers into the phenomenon cite the added concentration
needed to "make sense" of such unnatural three dimensional objects.


Research, n.:
	Consider Columbus:
	He didn't know where he was going.
	When he got there he didn't know where he was.
	When he got back he didn't know where he had been.
	And he did it all on someone else's money.


No two persons ever read the same book.
		-- Edmund Wilson


... So this is a very confusing situation, and what makes it even worse
is, our standards keep changing.  Take Playboy magazine.  Back in the
1950s, when I started reading it strictly for the articles, Playboy was
considered just about the raciest thing around, even though all it ever
showed was women's breasts.  Granted, any given one of these breasts
would have provided adequate shelter for a family of four, but the
overall effect was no more explicit than many publications we think
nothing of today, such as Sports Illustrated's Annual Nipples Poking
Through Swimsuits Issue.
		-- Dave Barry, "Pornography"


Old MacDonald had an agricultural real estate tax abatement.


The trouble with computers is that they do
what you tell them, not what you want.
		-- D. Cohen


He'd kiss and the girls called him Georgie
They'd cry and the girls called him Porgie.
	So he put Spanish fly
	In their pudding and pie
And had the first tiny-tot orgy.


There are no games on this system.


The fountain code has been tightened slightly so you can no longer dip
objects into a fountain or drink from one while you are floating in mid-air
due to levitation.
	Teleporting to hell via a teleportation trap will no longer occur
if the character does not have fire resistance.
		-- README file from the NetHack game


What's all this bru-ha-ha?


A young girl once committed suicide because her mother refused her a new
bonnet.  Coroner's verdict: "Death from excessive spunk."
		-- Sacramento Daily Union, September 13, 1860


You do not have mail.


A girl's best friend is her mutter.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Garbage In - Gospel Out.


Some of us are becoming the men we wanted to marry.
		-- Gloria Steinem


Fourth Law of Thermodynamics:  If the probability of success is not
almost one, it is damn near zero.
		-- David Ellis


And on the seventh day, He exited from append mode.


There appears to be irrefutable evidence that
the mere fact of overcrowding induces violence.
		-- Harvey Wheeler


If you remember the 60's, you weren't there.


If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner.
		-- Tallulah Bankhead


Dow's Law:
	In a hierarchical organization,
	the higher the level, the greater the confusion.


If you remember the 60's, you weren't there.


Don't quit now, we might just as well
lock the door and throw away the key.


If this fortune didn't exist, somebody would have invented it.


Deliberation, n.:
	The act of examining one's bread to determine which side it is
	buttered on.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


	*** STUDENT SUCCESSES ***

Many of our students have gone on to achieve great success in all fields of
programming.  One former student developed the concept of the personalized
form letter.  Does the phrase, "Dear Mr.(insert name), You may already be a
winner!," sound familiar?  Another student writes "After only five lessons I
sold a "My Most Unforgettable Program" article to Corrosive Computing magazine.
Another of our graduates writes, "I recently completed a database-management
program for my department manager.  My program touched him so deeply that he
was speechless.  He told me later that he had never seen such a program in
his entire career.  Thank you, Famous Programmers' school; only you could
have made this possible."  Send for our introductory brochure which explains
in vague detail the operation of the Famous Programmers' School, and you'll
be eligible to win a possible chance to enter a drawing, the winner of which
can vie for a set of free steak knives.  If you don't do it now, you'll hate
yourself in the morning.


We'll try to cooperate fully with the IRS, because, as citizens,
we feel a strong patriotic duty not to go to jail.
		-- Dave Barry


You knew the job was dangerous when you took it, Fred.
		-- Superchicken


Extract from Official Sweepstakes Rules:

		NO PURCHASE REQUIRED TO CLAIM YOUR PRIZE

To claim your prize without purchase, do the following: (a) Carefully
cut out your computer-printed name and address from upper right hand
corner of the Prize Claim Form. (b) Affix computer-printed name and
address -- with glue or cellophane tape (no staples or paper clips) --
to a 3x5 inch index card.  (c) Also cut out the "No" paragraph (lower
left hand corner of Prize Claim Form) and affix it to the 3x5 card
below your address label. (d) Then print on your 3x5 card, above your
computer-printed name and address the words "CARTER & VAN PEEL
SWEEPSTAKES" (Use all capital letters.)  (e) Finally place 3x5 card
(without bending) into a plain envelope [NOTE: do NOT use the
Official Prize Claim and CVP Perfume Reply Envelope or you may be
disqualified], and mail to: CVP, Box 1320, Westbury, NY 11595.  Print
this address correctly.  Comply with above instructions carefully and
completely or you may be disqualified from receiving your prize.


LIBERAL:
	Someone too poor to be a capitalist and too rich to be a communist.


FORTUNE'S PARTY TIPS: #14

	Tired of finding that other people are helping themselves to
your good liquor at BYOB parties?  Take along a candle, which you insert
and light after you've opened the bottle.  No one ever expects anything
drinkable to be in a bottle which has a candle stuck in its neck.


My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.


Grandpa Charnock's Law:
	You never really learn to swear until you learn to drive.

	[I thought it was when your kids learned to drive.  Ed.]


(He opens a tolm and begins.)

	It says: "In the beginning was the Word."
	Already I am stopped.  It seems absurd.
	The Word does not deserve the highest prize,
	I must translate it otherwise.
	If I am well inspired and not blind.
	It says: "In the beginning was the Mind."
	Ponder that first line, wait and see,
	Lest you should write too hastily.
	Is the Mind the all-creating source?
	It ought to say: "In the beginning there was Force."
	Yet something warns me as I grasp the pen,
	That my translation must be changed again.
	The spirit helps me.  Now it is exact.
	I write: "In the beginning was the Act."
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, "Faust"


What a strange game.  The only winning move is not to play.
		-- WOP, "War Games"


The notes blatted skyward as the rose over the Canada geese, feathered
rumps mooning the day, webbed appendages frantically pedaling unseen
bicycles in their search for sustenance, driven by cruel Nature's maxim,
'Ya wanna eat, ya gotta work,' and at last I knew Pittsburgh.
		-- Winning sentence, 1987 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest


If two men agree on everything, you may be sure that one of them is
doing the thinking.
		-- Lyndon B. Johnson

Jerry Ford is a nice guy, but he played too much football with his
helmet off.
		-- Lyndon B. Johnson

I do not believe that this generation of Americans is willing to resign
itself to going to bed each night by the light of a Communist moon.
		-- Lyndon B. Johnson


I lately lost a preposition;
It hid, I thought, beneath my chair
And angrily I cried, "Perdition!
Up from out of under there."

Correctness is my vade mecum,
And straggling phrases I abhor,
And yet I wondered, "What should he come
Up from out of under for?"
		-- Morris Bishop


If you're worried by earthquakes and nuclear war,
As well as by traffic and crime,
Consider how worry-free gophers are,
Though living on burrowed time.
		-- Richard Armour, WSJ, 11/7/83


Hacking's just another word for nothing left to kludge.


The bland leadeth the bland and they both shall fall into the kitsch.


The UNIX philosophy basically involves giving you enough rope to
hang yourself.  And then a couple of feet more, just to be sure.


"I do love a lay every day,
So whenever you're coming this way
	Just phone in advance
	And I'll jerk off my pants,
And we're set for a sexy soiree!"


Base 8 is just like base 10, if you are missing two fingers.
		-- Tom Lehrer


Man is a military animal,
Glories in gunpowder, and loves parade.
		-- P. J. Bailey


Beam me up, Scotty!  It ate my phaser!


[A computer is] like an Old Testament god, with a lot of rules and no mercy.
		-- Joseph Campbell


You will live a long, healthy, happy life and make bags of money.


The worst thing one can do is not to try, to be aware of what one
wants and not give in to it, to spend years in silent hurt wondering
if something could have materialized -- and never knowing.
		-- David Viscott


Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of APL, I shall
fear no evil, for I can string six primitive monadic and dyadic
operators together.
		-- Steve Higgins


Squatcho, n.:
	The button at the top of a baseball cap.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.


A woman had a followup visit with her doctor after his prescribing fairly high
dosages of testosterone (a male hormone) for her.  She was a little worried
about some of the side effects she was experiencing.
	"Doctor Keyes, the hormones you've been giving me have helped a lot
with my menopausal symptoms, but I'm really afraid that you're giving me too
much.  I've started growing hair in places that I've never grown hair before!"
	The doctor reassured her. "A little hair growth is a perfectly normal
side effect of testosterone.  Just where has this hair appeared?"
	"On my balls."


I'm N-ary the tree, I am,
N-ary the tree, I am, I am.
I'm getting traversed by the parser next door,
She's traversed me seven times before.
And ev'ry time it was an N-ary (N-ary!)
Never wouldn't ever do a binary. (No sir!)
I'm 'er eighth tree that was N-ary.
N-ary the tree I am, I am,
N-ary the tree I am.
		-- Stolen from Paul Revere and the Raiders


A woman did what a woman had to, the best way she knew how.
To do more was impossible, to do less, unthinkable.
		-- Dirisha, "The Man Who Never Missed"


One thought driven home is better than three left on base.


I came to MIT to get an education for myself and a diploma for my mother.


Cohen's Law:
	There is no bottom to worse.


The light of a hundred stars does not equal the light of the moon.


Poor Alice who lived in Corvallis
Had heard of, but not seen, the male phallus.
	At her first sight of one
	She started to run,
And last was seen sprinting through Dallas.


Newspaper editors are men who separate the wheat from the chaff, and then
print the chaff.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #108

In Memphis, Tennessee, it is illegal for a woman to drive a car unless
there is a man either running or walking in front of it waving a red
flag to warn approaching motorists and pedestrians.


	"In this replacement Earth we're building they've given me Africa
to do and of course I'm doing it with all fjords again because I happen to
like them, and I'm old-fashioned enough to think that they give a lovely
baroque feel to a continent.  And they tell me it's not equatorial enough.
Equatorial!"  He gave a hollow laugh.  "What does it matter?  Science has
achieved some wonderful things, of course, but I'd far rather be happy than
right any day."
	"And are you?"
	"No.  That's where it all falls down, of course."
	"Pity," said Arthur with sympathy.  "It sounded like quite a good
life-style otherwise."
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


The curse of the Irish is not that they don't know the
words to a song -- it's that they know them *all*.
		-- Susan Dooley


If you do not think about the future, you cannot have one.
		-- John Galsworthy


In less than a century, computers will be making substantial
progress on ... the overriding problem of war and peace.
		-- James Slagle


The Great Movie Posters:

*A Giggle Gurgling Gulp of Glee*
With Pretty Girls, Peppy Scenes, and Gorgeous Revues -- plus a good story.
		-- Tea with a Kick (1924)

Whoopie!  Let's go!... Hand-picked Beauties doing cute tricks!
GET IN THE KNOW FOR THE HEY-HEY WHOOPIE!
		-- The Wild Party (1929)

YOU HEAR HIM MAKE LOVE!
DIX -- the dashing soldier!
	DIX -- the bold adventurer!
		DIX -- the throbbing lover!
		-- The Wheel of Life (1929)

SEE CHARLES BUTTERWORTH DRIVE A STREETCAR AND SING LOVE
SONGS TO HIS MARE "MITZIE"!
		-- The Night is Young (1934)


An Ada exception is when a routine gets
in trouble and says "Beam me up, Scotty."


There are strange things done in the midnight sun
	By the men who moil for gold;
The Arctic trails have their secret tales
	That would make your blood run cold;
The Northern Lights have seen queer sights,
	But the queerest they ever did see
Was that night on the marge of Lake Lebarge
	I cremated Sam McGee.
		-- Robert W. Service


Carson's Consolation:
	Nothing is ever a complete failure.
	It can always be used as a bad example.


To err is human,
To purr feline.
		-- Robert Byrne


In marriage, as in war, it is permitted
to take every advantage of the enemy.


Hell, if you don't try to remake someone,
how are they supposed to know you care?


Wedding is destiny, and hanging likewise.
		-- John Heywood


Who's on first?


One small step for man, one giant stumble for mankind.


Politics, n.:
	A strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles.
	The conduct of public affairs for private advantage.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Half Moon tonight.  (At least it is better than no Moon at all.)


I met my latest girl friend in a department store.  She was looking at
clothes, and I was putting Slinkys on the escalators.
		-- Steven Wright


He flung himself on his horse and rode madly off in all directions.
		-- Stephen Leacock


Kotex, n.:
	Not the best thing on earth, but next to the best.


You never know how many friends you have until you rent a house on the
beach.


You will be held hostage by a radical group.


Would you *really* want to get on a non-stop flight?
		-- George Carlin


Too many of his [Mozart's] works sound like interoffice memos.
		-- Glenn Gould


I am America's child, a spastic slogging on demented
limbs drooling I'll trade my PhD for a telephone voice.
		-- Burt Lanier Safford III, "An Obscured Radiance"


Thirty days hath Septober,
April, June, and no wonder.
all the rest have peanut butter
except my father who wears red suspenders.


HELP!!!! I'm being held prisoner in /usr/share/games/fortune!


The nicest thing about the Alto is that it doesn't run faster at night.


An ounce of mother is worth a ton of priest.
		-- Spanish proverb


X-rated movies are all alike -- the only thing
they leave to the imagination is the plot.


But these pills can't be habit forming;
I've been taking them for years.


QOTD:
	"If you're looking for trouble, I can offer you a wide selection."


Don't expect people to keep in step--
it's hard enough just staying in line.


Canada Bill Jones's Motto:
	It's morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money.

Canada Bill Jones's Supplement:
	A Smith and Wesson beats four aces.


If all else fails, immortality can always be assured by spectacular error.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


This night methinks is but the daylight sick.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"


QOTD:
	"Her other car is a broom."


Chemistry professors never die, they just fail to react.


Stuckness shouldn't be avoided.  It's the psychic predecessor of all
real understanding.  An egoless acceptance of stuckness is a key to an
understanding of all Quality, in mechanical work as in other endeavors.
		-- Robert Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"


The first thing I do in the morning
is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Keep it short for pithy sake.


The sex life of spiders is very interesting.
He fucks her.
She bites his head off.
		-- From a Women's Lib Poster


Fog Lamps, n.:
	Excessively (often obnoxiously) bright lamps mounted on the fronts
	of automobiles; used on dry, clear nights to indicate that the
	driver's brain is in a fog.  See also "Idiot Lights".


No one born with a mouth and a need is "innocent".
		-- Greg Bear


The wise shepherd never trusts his flock to a smiling wolf.


A little word of doubtful number,
A foe to rest and peaceful slumber.
If you add an "s" to this,
Great is the metamorphosis.
Plural is plural now no more,
And sweet what bitter was before.
What am I?


Enemy -- SP (Suppressive Person) Order.  Fair Game.  May be deprived of
property or injured by any means by any Scientologist without any discipline
of the Scientologist.  May be tricked, sued or lied to or destroyed.
		-- L. Ron Hubbard, "Fair Game Doctrine"


I go on working for the same reason a hen goes on laying eggs.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Q:	How can we get the Beatles to reunite for one more concert?
A:	With three more bullets.


System going down at 5 this afternoon to install scheduler bug.


Sight is a faculty; seeing is an art.


There has been a little distress selling on the stock exchange.
		-- Thomas W. Lamont, October 29, 1929


1) X=Y				; Given
2) X^2=XY			; Multiply both sides by X
3) X^2-Y^2=XY-Y^2		; Subtract Y^2 from both sides
4) (X+Y)(X-Y)=Y(X-Y)		; Factor
5) X+Y=Y			; Cancel out (X-Y) term
6) 2Y=Y				; Substitute X for Y, by equation 1
7) 2=1				; Divide both sides by Y
		-- "Omni", proof that 2 equals 1


"Our attitude with TCP/IP is, `Hey, we'll do it, but don't make a big
system, because we can't fix it if it breaks -- nobody can.'"

"TCP/IP is OK if you've got a little informal club, and it doesn't make
any difference if it takes a while to fix it."
		-- Ken Olsen, in Digital News, 1988


If the very old will remember, the very young will listen.
		-- Chief Dan George


QOTD:
	"He eats like a bird... five times his own weight each day."


I don't understand you anymore.


You do not have mail.


As of next Thursday, UNIX will be flushed in favor of TOPS-10.
Please update your programs.


You get along very well with everyone except animals and people.


How soon can you have sexual relations after your wife delivers?
Well, depends on if she's in a ward or a private room.


Alimony, n.:
	Having an ex you can bank on.


And ever has it been known that
love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.
		-- Kahlil Gibran


Q:	What's the Blonde's cheer?
A:	I'm blonde, I'm blonde, I'm B.L.O.N... ah, oh well..
	I'm blonde, I'm blonde, yea yea yea...

Q:	What do you call it when a blonde dies their hair brunette?
A:	Artificial intelligence.

Q:	How do you make a blonde's eyes light up?
A:	Shine a flashlight in their ear.


[Norm returns from the hospital.]

Coach:  What's up, Norm?
Norm:   Everything that's supposed to be.
		-- Cheers, Diane Meets Mom

Sam:	What's new, Normie?
Norm:	Terrorists, Sam.  They've taken over my stomach.
	They're demanding beer.
		-- Cheers, The Heart is a Lonely Snipehunter

Coach: What'll it be, Normie?
Norm:  Just the usual, Coach.  I'll have a froth of beer and a snorkel.
		-- Cheers, King of the Hill


I am, in point of fact, a particularly haughty and exclusive person,
of pre-Adamite ancestral descent.  You will understand this when I tell
you that I can trace my ancestry back to a protoplasmal primordial
atomic globule.  Consequently, my family pride is something
inconceivable.  I can't help it.  I was born sneering.
		-- Pooh-Bah, "The Mikado", Gilbert & Sullivan


A computer, to print out a fact,
Will divide, multiply, and subtract.
	But this output can be
	No more than debris,
If the input was short of exact.
		-- Gigo


When we jumped into Sicily, the units became separated, and I couldn't find
anyone.  Eventually I stumbled across two colonels, a major, three captains,
two lieutenants, and one rifleman, and we secured the bridge.  Never in the
history of war have so few been led by so many.
		-- General James Gavin


My boy is mean kid.  I came home the other day and saw him taping worms
to the sidewalk, he sits there and watches the birds get hernias.  Well,
only last Christmas I gave him a B-B gun and he gave me a sweatshirt with
a bulls-eye on the back.

I told my kids, "Someday, you'll have kids of your own."  One of them
said, "So will you."
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


Genlock, n.:
	Why he stays in the bottle.


Have you ever really thought about there being a simple solution to
America's problems?  Why, we could solve all of our raw materials
difficulties, foreign complications etc. over a long weekend.  If we
got up early, early mind you, on Saturday, we could take over Mexico
by 10:00.  Panama and most of South America would be a bit more difficult,
but I believe we could do it by 6 or 7 that evening.  Turning our
attention northward, Canada would require most of Sunday morning.
General mopping up and execution of the civilian populations would take
up Sunday afternoon.  I just don't understand why Washington hasn't
thought of this...


If you wait long enough, it will go away... after having
done its damage.  If it was bad, it will be back.


I only date queers.
		-- Bisexuality, 101
		[I'm not queer, but my boyfriend is!  Ed.]


Life would be tolerable but for its amusements.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


In reply to a message by Scott Long:

> Note: this amounts to life support for floppies.  The end IS coming.

Say it ain't so!  If you establish a dangerous trend like this in
your support for floppy booting, the next thing you know, some
computer manufacturer will start shipping machines without ANY FLOPPY
DRIVE AT ALL, leading to the infocalypse, the four horsemen pouring
their vials upon the earth, the birth of the anti-christ (or PERL 6,
whichever comes first), dogs and cats living together, etc.

It's the end of days, I tell you!  The end!  Can the FreeBSD/NetBSD
merger be that far off?
		-- Jordan Hubbard (31 January 2006)


Vegetarians beware!  You are what you eat.


Mencken and Nathan's Fifteenth Law of The Average American:
	The worst actress in the company is always the manager's wife.


	The Gray-haired Woman's Complaint

My back aches, my pussy is sore;
I simply can't fuck any more;
	I'm covered with sweat,
	And you haven't come yet,
And my God, it's a quarter to four!


Mistakes are often the stepping stones to utter failure.


I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
		-- Publilius Syrus


