If you have to ask how much it is, you can't afford it.


Some people say a front-engine car handles best.  Some people say a
rear-engine car handles best.  I say a rented car handles best.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


Memory should be the starting point of the present.


The possession of a book becomes a substitute for reading it.
		-- Anthony Burgess


Events are not affected, they develop.
		-- Sri Aurobindo


To any truly impartial person, it would
be obvious that I am always right.


Perhaps, after all, America never has been discovered.
I myself would say that it had merely been detected.
		-- Oscar Wilde


A Smith & Wesson beats four aces.


The duration of passion is proportionate with the original resistance
of the woman.
		-- Honore de Balzac


There is no sincerer love than the love of food.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


A limerick packs laughs anatomical
Into space that is quite economical.
	But the good ones I've seen
	So seldom are clean,
And the clean ones so seldom are comical.


My folks didn't come over on the Mayflower,
but they were there to meet the boat.


Marriage is like a bank account.  You put it in, you take it out,
you lose interest.
		-- Professor Irwin Corey


But, Mousie, thou art no thy lane,
In proving foresight may be vain:
The best laid schemes o' mice an' men
Gang aft a-gley,
An' lea'e us nought but grief and pain
For promised joy.
		-- Robert Burns, "To a Mouse", 1785


When you're down and out, lift up your
voice and shout, "I'M DOWN AND OUT"!


Live within your income, even if you have to borrow to do so.
		-- Josh Billings


On ability:
	A dwarf is small, even if he stands on a mountain top;
	a colossus keeps his height, even if he stands in a well.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca, 4BC - 65AD


After spending a forbidden night on the town, two young nuns were trying
to sneak through the fence surrounding their Convent.
	"You know," giggled one as she held the wire apart for the other
to crawl through, "I feel like a Marine."
	"So do I," the other nun sighed, "but where are we going to
find one at three in the morning?"


Any great truth can -- and eventually will -- be expressed as a cliche --
a cliche is a sure and certain way to dilute an idea.  For instance, my
grandmother used to say, "The black cat is always the last one off the
fence."  I have no idea what she meant, but at one time, it was undoubtedly
true.
		-- Solomon Short


Brigands will demand your money or
your life, but a woman will demand both.
		-- Samuel Butler


He who laughs last hasn't been told the terrible truth.


Peter Fellgett's wildcard recipe:
	Into a clean dish, place the dry ingredients and add the
	liquids until the right consistency is obtained. Turn out
	into suitable containers and cook until done.


The secret of happiness is total disregard of everybody.


To err is human; to forgive is simply not our policy.
		-- MIT Assassination Club


Life is the urge to ecstasy.


There is a time in the tides of men,
Which, taken at its flood, leads on to success.
On the other hand, don't count on it.
		-- T. K. Lawson


You can always tell the people that are forging the new frontier.
They're the ones with arrows sticking out of their backs.


Tuesday is the Wednesday of the rest of your life.


Do not permit a woman to ask forgiveness, for that is only the first
step.  The second is justification of herself by accusation of you.
		-- DeGourmont


I opened the drawer of my little desk and a single letter fell out, a
letter from my mother, written in pencil, one of her last, with unfinished
words and an implicit sense of her departure.  It's so curious: one can
resist tears and "behave" very well in the hardest hours of grief.  But
then someone makes you a friendly sign behind a window... or one notices
that a flower that was in bud only yesterday has suddenly blossomed... or
a letter slips from a drawer... and everything collapses.
		-- Letters From Colette


Chicago law prohibits eating in a place that is on fire.


Cerebus:	I'd love to lick apricot brandy out of your navel.
Jaka:		Look, Cerebus -- Jaka has to tell you ... something
Cerebus:	If Cerebus had a navel, would you lick apricot brandy
		out of it?
Jaka:		Ugh!
Cerebus:	You don't like apricot brandy?
		-- Cerebus #6, "The Secret"


Yes, I've now got this nice little apartment in New York, one of those
L-shaped ones.  Unfortunately, it's a lower case l.
		-- Rita Rudner


I would not like to be a political leader in Russia.  They never know when
they're being taped.
		-- Richard M. Nixon

I love America.  You always hurt the one you love.
		-- David Frye impersonating Nixon


An Englishman never enjoys himself, except for a noble purpose.
		-- A. P. Herbert


There is more simplicity in a man who eats caviar on impulse than in a
man who eats Grapenuts on principle.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


Do you feel personally responsible for the world food shortage?
Every time you go to the beach, does the tide come in?
Have you ever eaten an entire moose?
Can you see your neck?
Do joggers take laps around you for exercise?
If so, welcome to National Fat Week.
This week we'll eat without guilt, and kick off our membership campaign,
	...by force-feeding a box of cornstarch to a skinny person.
		-- Garfield


If dolphins are so smart, why did Flipper work for television?


The truth about a woman often lasts longer than the woman is true.


Don't get stuck in a closet -- wear yourself out.


Hi there!  This is just a note from me, to you, to tell you, the person
reading this note, that I can't think up any more famous quotes, jokes,
nor bizarre stories, so you may as well go home.


Artificial intelligence has the same relation to intelligence as
artificial flowers have to flowers.
		-- David Parnas


QOTD:
	"I'm on a seafood diet -- I see food and I eat it."


I met a wonderful new man.  He's fictional, but you can't have everything.
		-- Cecelia, "The Purple Rose of Cairo"


Christian, n.:
	One who believes that the New Testament is a divinely inspired
book admirably suited to the spiritual needs of his neighbor.  One who
follows the teachings of Christ in so far as they are not inconsistent
with a life of sin.


Go 'way!  You're bothering me!


The hacker as a mate/lover and the signs of trouble:

-- The morning after note reads:
	Whiting, Barbara:
	I enjoyed last night.  We really interfaced.  You looked so cute
	I wanted to byte your ear.
-- He believes Steve Wozniak offered the Apple to Adam.
-- The people he tries to emulate are five years his junior.
-- The last straw:
	Once again, your date has lost all track of time debugging a new
	program and shows up an hour late.

	You Don't...:
		Make nasty asides regarding his 5-1/4 inch floppy.
	You Do...:
		Remind him that "going down" doesn't necessarily
		indicate a malfunction.


When you meet a master swordsman,
show him your sword.
When you meet a man who is not a poet,
do not show him your poem.
		-- Rinzai, ninth century Zen master


As the system comes up, the component builders will from time to time appear,
bearing hot new versions of their pieces -- faster, smaller, more complete,
or putatively less buggy.  The replacement of a working component by a new
version requires the same systematic testing procedure that adding a new
component does, although it should require less time, for more complete and
efficient test cases will usually be available.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


He who sneezes without a handkerchief takes matters into his own
hands.


	"I cannot read the fiery letters," said Frito Bugger in a
quavering voice.
	"No," said GoodGulf, "but I can.  The letters are Elvish, of
course, of an ancient mode, but the language is that of Mordor, which
I will not utter here.  They are lines of a verse long known in
Elven-lore:

	"This Ring, no other, is made by the elves,
	Who'd pawn their own mother to grab it themselves.
	Ruler of creeper, mortal, and scallop,
	This is a sleeper that packs quite a wallop.
	The Power almighty rests in this Lone Ring.
	The Power, alrighty, for doing your Own Thing.
	If broken or busted, it cannot be remade.
	If found, send to Sorhed (with postage prepaid)."
		-- Harvard Lampoon, "Bored of the Rings"


The seven deadly sins ... Food, clothing, firing, rent, taxes,
respectability and children.  Nothing can lift those seven millstones
from Man's neck but money; and the spirit cannot soar until the
millstones are lifted.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


The light of a hundred stars does not equal the light of the moon.


Tact is the ability to tell a man he has
an open mind when he has a hole in his head.


	I'd say that VCS is more like the anal sex of the software
world: Everybody talks about it, some people do it, some people enjoy
it, but typically only vague implications about the best techniques
are ever voiced in public.
              -- Warner Losh, on Version Control Systems


While having never invented a sin,
I'm trying to perfect several.


Don't accept rides from strange men -- and remember that all men
are strange as hell.
		-- Robin Morgan, "Sisterhood Is Powerful"


Violence is molding.


What is status?
	Status is when the President calls you for your opinion.

Uh, no...
	Status is when the President calls you in to discuss a
	problem with him.

Uh, that still ain't right...
	STATUS is when you're in the Oval Office talking to the President,
	and the phone rings.  The President picks it up, listens for a
	minute, and hands it to you, saying, "It's for you."


Norbert Wiener was the subject of many dotty professor stories.  Wiener was, in
fact, very absent minded.  The following story is told about him: when they
moved from Cambridge to Newton his wife, knowing that he would be absolutely
useless on the move, packed him off to MIT while she directed the move.  Since
she was certain that he would forget that they had moved and where they had
moved to, she wrote down the new address on a piece of paper, and gave it to
him.  Naturally, in the course of the day, an insight occurred to him.  He
reached in his pocket, found a piece of paper on which he furiously scribbled
some notes, thought it over, decided there was a fallacy in his idea, and
threw the piece of paper away.  At the end of the day he went home (to the
old address in Cambridge, of course).  When he got there he realized that they
had moved, that he had no idea where they had moved to, and that the piece of
paper with the address was long gone.  Fortunately inspiration struck.  There
was a young girl on the street and he conceived the idea of asking her where
he had moved to, saying, "Excuse me, perhaps you know me.  I'm Norbert Wiener
and we've just moved.  Would you know where we've moved to?"  To which the
young girl replied, "Yes, Daddy, Mommy thought you would forget."
	The capper to the story is that I asked his daughter (the girl in the
story) about the truth of the story, many years later.  She said that it wasn't
quite true -- that he never forgot who his children were!  The rest of it,
however, was pretty close to what actually happened...
		-- Richard Harter


A diplomat is a person who can tell you to go to hell
in such a way that you actually look forward to the trip.
		-- Caskie Stinnett, "Out of the Red"


It's not whether you win or lose but how you played the game.
		-- Grantland Rice


He is no lawyer who cannot take two sides.


Albert Camus wrote that the only serious question is whether to kill yourself
or not.  Tom Robbins wrote that the only serious question is whether time has
a beginning and an end.  Camus clearly got up on the wrong side of bed, and
Robbins must have forgotten to set the alarm.
		-- Tom Robbins


So from the depths of its enchantment, Terra was able to calculate a course
of action.  Here at last was an opportunity to consort with Dirbanu on a
friendly basis -- great Dirbanu which, since it had force fields which Earth
could not duplicate, must of necessity have many other things Earth could
use; mighty Dirbanu before whom we would kneel in supplication (with purely-
for-defense bombs hidden in our pockets) with lowered heads (making invisible
the knife in our teeth) and ask for crumbs from their table (in order to
extrapolate the location of their kitchens).
		-- T. Sturgeon, "The World Well Lost"


Work expands to fill the time available.
		-- Cyril Northcote Parkinson, "The Economist", 1955


Why be difficult, when, with just a
little more effort, you can be impossible?


And so it goes.  It is humiliating, when you should know better, to become
victim of the timeless story of the little brown dog running across the
freight yard, crossing all the railroad tracks until a switch engine nipped
off the end of his tail between wheel and rail.  The little dog yelped, and
he spun so quickly to check himself out that the next wheel chopped through
his little brown neck.  The moral is, of course, never lose your head over
a piece of tail.
		-- John D. MacDonald, "The Scarlet Ruse"


All newspaper editorial writers ever do is come down from
the hills after the battle is over and shoot the wounded.


Nothing, adj.:
	A man with an erection who walks into a wall and breaks his nose.


Life is cheap, but the accessories can kill you.


There is a new model of car being sold in San Francisco --
the pervertible.  The top doesn't go down, but the driver does.


Air is water with holes in it.


You should avoid hedging, at least that's what I think.


Like the ski resort of girls looking for husbands and husbands looking
for girls, the situation is not as symmetrical as it might seem.
		-- Alan McKay


All we know is the phenomenon: we spend our time sending messages to each
other, talking and trying to listen at the same time, exchanging information.
This seems to be our most urgent biological function; it is what we do with
our lives."
		-- Lewis Thomas, "The Lives of a Cell"


Everything is controlled by a small evil group
to which, unfortunately, no one we know belongs.


Anything free is worth what you pay for it.


In this vale
Of toil and sin
Your head grows bald
But not your chin.
		-- Burma Shave


The more things change, the more they'll never be the same again.


All constants are variables.


I have the simplest tastes.  I am always satisfied with the best.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Brain on vacation, penis on autopilot.


An aphorism is never exactly true;
it is either a half-truth or one-and-a-half truths.
		-- Karl Kraus


For every credibility gap, there is a gullibility fill.
		-- R. Clopton


Oh, the Slithery Dee, he crawled out of the sea.
He may catch all the others, but he won't catch me.
No, he won't catch me, stupid ol' Slithery Dee.
He may catch all the others, but AAAARRRRGGGGHHHH!!!!
		-- The Smothers Brothers


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(8) Peace cannot be achieved merely by developing an "understanding"
    among peoples.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


The higher you climb, the more you show your ass.
		-- Alexander Pope, "The Dunciad"


Richard Nixon was the most dishonest individual I have ever met in my life.
He lied to his wife, his family, his friends, his colleagues in the Congress,
lifetime members of his own political party, the American people, and the
world.
		-- Barry Goldwater


If you look good and dress well, you don't need a purpose in life.
		-- Robert Pante, fashion consultant


Nothing succeeds like success.
		-- Alexandre Dumas


A priest asked: What is Fate, Master?

And he answered:

It is that which gives a beast of burden its reason for existence.

It is that which men in former times had to bear upon their backs.

It is that which has caused nations to build byways from City to City
upon which carts and coaches pass, and alongside which inns have come
to be built to stave off Hunger, Thirst and Weariness.

And that is Fate?  said the priest.

Fate ... I thought you said Freight, responded the Master.

That's all right, said the priest.  I wanted to know what Freight was
too.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"


Blutarsky's Axiom:
	Nothing is impossible for the man who will not listen to reason.


Yacc owes much to a most stimulating collection of users, who have
goaded me beyond my inclination, and frequently beyond my ability in
their endless search for "one more feature".  Their irritating
unwillingness to learn how to do things my way has usually led to my
doing things their way; most of the time, they have been right.
		-- Stephen C. Johnson, "Yacc guide acknowledgments"


Must I hold a candle to my shames?
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"


Don't worry if you're a kleptomaniac,
you can always take something for it.


A man walks into the doctor's office and the doctor says to him, "I've got
some good news and some bad news."
	"Tell me the good news first" the patient replies.
	"The good news is that your penis is going to be about two inches
longer and about an inch wider," the doctor says.
	"That's great!" says his patient.  "What's the bad news?"
	"Malignant."


Men of lofty genius when they are doing the least work are most active.
		-- Leonardo da Vinci


Artistic ventures highlighted.  Rob a museum.


Ambidextrous, adj.:
	Able to pick with equal skill a right-hand pocket or a left.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Hacker's Law:
	The belief that enhanced understanding will necessarily stir a
	nation to action is one of mankind's oldest illusions.


Limericks are art forms complex,
Their topics run chiefly to sex.
	They usually have virgins,
	And masculine urgin's,
And other erotic effects.


Half a bee, philosophically, must ipso facto half not be.
But half the bee has got to be, vis-a-vis its entity.  See?
But can a bee be said to be or not to be an entire bee,
When half the bee is not a bee, due to some ancient injury?


Fess:	Well, you must admit there is something innately humorous about
	a man chasing an invention of his own halfway across the galaxy.
Rod:	Oh yeah, it's a million yuks, sure.  But after all, isn't that the
	basic difference between robots and humans?
Fess:	What, the ability to form imaginary constructs?
Rod:	No, the ability to get hung up on them.
		-- Christopher Stasheff, "The Warlock in Spite of Himself"


What kind of sordid business are you on now?  I mean, man, whither
goest thou?  Whither goest thou, America, in thy shiny car in the night?
		-- Jack Kerouac


This guy makes an appointment with a doctor because his hemorrhoids are
really bothering him.  The doctor gives him some suppositories and tells
him to come back in a week for a checkup.  "How's it going?" he asks
the patient a week later.
	"I gotta tell you the truth, Doc," said the man.  "For all the
good these pills did me, I coulda shoved them up my ass."


If the vendors started doing everything right, we would be out of a job.
Let's hear it for OSI and X!  With those babies in the wings, we can count
on being employed until we drop, or get smart and switch to gardening,
paper folding, or something.
		-- C. Philip Wood


I went to the museum where they had all the heads and arms from the
statues that are in all the other museums.
		-- Steven Wright


Catharsis is something I associate with pornography and crossword puzzles.
		-- Howard Chaykin


Flon's Law:
	There is not now, and never will be, a language in
	which it is the least bit difficult to write bad programs.


Think twice before speaking, but don't say "think think click click".


A woman takes off her claim to respect along with her garments.
		-- Herodotus


We are not a clone.


You probably wouldn't worry about what people
think of you if you could know how seldom they do.
		-- Olin Miller


Convention is the ruler of all.
		-- Pindar


For a house-to-house salesman named Moore,
Getting housewives' attention's no chore:
	He's endowed with a dong
	That is 12 inches long,
So he wedges his foot in the door.


There's little in taking or giving,
	There's little in water or wine:
This living, this living, this living,
	Was never a project of mine.
Oh, hard is the struggle, and sparse is
	The gain of the one at the top,
For art is a form of catharsis,
	And love is a permanent flop,
And work is the province of cattle,
	And rest's for a clam in a shell,
So I'm thinking of throwing the battle --
	Would you kindly direct me to hell?
		-- Dorothy Parker


ARIES (Mar 21 - Apr 19)
	You are the pioneer type and hold most people in contempt.  You are
	quick tempered, impatient, and scornful of advice.  You are not
	very nice.


Due to a mixup in urology, orange juice will not be served this morning.


The chief enemy of creativity is "good" sense.
		-- Picasso


Don't talk to me about naval tradition.  It's nothing but rum,
sodomy and the lash.
		-- Winston Churchill


Capitalism is the extraordinary belief that the nastiest of men, for
the nastiest of reasons, will somehow work for the benefit of us all.
		-- John Maynard Keynes


You can have a dog as a friend.  You can have whiskey as a friend.  But
if you have a woman as a friend, you're going to wind up drunk and kissing
your dog.
		-- foolin' around


The only thing we learn from history is that we learn nothing from
history.
		-- Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel

I know guys can't learn from yesterday ... Hegel must be taking the
long view.
		-- John Brunner, "Stand on Zanzibar"


Nobody said computers were going to be polite.


Peter Fellgett's wildcard recipe:
	Into a clean dish, place the dry ingredients and add the
	liquids until the right consistency is obtained. Turn out
	into suitable containers and cook until done.


By protracting life, we do not deduct one jot from the duration of death.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


Thrashing is just virtual crashing.


Bounders get bound when they are caught bounding.
		-- Ralph Lewin


If you would understand your own age, read the works
of fiction produced in it.  People in disguise speak freely.


May a Misguided Platypus lay its Eggs in your Jockey Shorts


He is a man capable of turning any colour into grey.
		-- John LeCarre


'Twas the nocturnal segment of the diurnal period
   preceding the annual Yuletide celebration, And
   throughout our place of residence,
Kinetic activity was not in evidence among the
   possessors of this potential, including that
   species of domestic rodent known as Mus musculus.
Hosiery was meticulously suspended from the forward
   edge of the woodburning caloric apparatus,
Pursuant to our anticipatory pleasure regarding an
   imminent visitation from an eccentric
   philanthropist among whose folkloric appelations
   is the honorific title of St. Nicklaus ...


The Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost would never throw the Devil
out of Heaven as long as they still need him as a fourth for bridge.
		-- Letter in NEW LIBERTARIAN NOTES #19


The good life was so elusive
It really got me down
I had to regain some confidence
So I got into camouflage


Kime's Law for the Reward of Meekness:
	Turning the other cheek merely ensures two bruised cheeks.


Fifth Law of Applied Terror:
	If you are given an open-book exam, you will forget your book.
Corollary:
	If you are given a take-home exam, you will forget where you live.


What causes the mysterious death of everyone?


