Most people have a mind that's open by appointment only.


Real software engineers don't debug programs, they verify correctness.
This process doesn't necessarily involve execution of anything on a
computer, except perhaps a Correctness Verification Aid package.


There is no point in waiting.
The train stopped running years ago.
All the schedules, the brochures,
The bright-colored posters full of lies,
Promise rides to a distant country
That no longer exists.


Cocaine is nature's way of telling you you have too much money.


Lensmen eat Jedi for breakfast.


>>> Internal error in fortune program:
>>>	fnum=2987  n=45  flag=1  goose_level=-232323
>>> Please write down these values and notify fortune program administrator.


Many a woman hasn't realized that she was raped until the check bounced.


A physicist is an atom's way of knowing about atoms.
		-- George Wald


A society in which women are taught anything but the management of a family,
the care of men, and the creation of the future generation is a society
which is on its way out.
		-- L. Ron Hubbard


Beware of mathematicians and all those who make empty prophecies.  The
danger already exists that the mathematicians have made covenant with
the devil to darken the spirit and to confine man in the bonds of hell.
		-- St. Augustine


Only someone with nothing to be sorry for
smiles back at the rear of an elephant.


It is one thing to praise discipline, and another to submit to it.
		-- Cervantes


Benson's Dogma:
	ASCII is our god, and Unix is his profit.


What do I consider a reasonable person to be?  I'd say a reasonable person
is one who accepts that we are all human and therefore fallible, and takes
that into account when dealing with others.  Implicit in this definition is
the belief that it is the right and the responsibility of each person to
live his or her own life as he or she sees fit, to respect this right in
others, and to demand the assumption of this responsibility by others.


I had another dream the other day about music critics.  They were small
and rodent-like with padlocked ears, as if they had stepped out of a
painting by Goya.
		-- Stravinsky


Flying saucers on occasion
	Show themselves to human eyes.
Aliens fume, put off invasion
	While they brand these tales as lies.


I'd like to meet the man who invented sex and see what he's working on
now.


Home life as we understand it is no more natural to us than a
cage is to a cockatoo.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Troubles are like babies; they only grow by nursing.


Advice to young men: Be ascetic, and if you can't be ascetic,
then at least be aseptic.


Oden the bardling averred
His muse was the bum of a bird,
	And his Lesbian wife
	Would finger his fife
While Fisherwood waited as third.


Never try to explain computers to a layman.  It's easier to explain
sex to a virgin.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein

(Note, however, that virgins tend to know a lot about computers.)


The Poet Whose Badness Saved His Life
	The most important poet in the seventeenth century was George
Wither.  Alexander Pope called him "wretched Wither" and Dryden said of his
verse that "if they rhymed and rattled all was well".
	In our own time, "The Dictionary of National Biography" notes that his
work "is mainly remarkable for its mass, fluidity and flatness.  It usually
lacks any genuine literary quality and often sinks into imbecile doggerel".
	High praise, indeed, and it may tempt you to savour a typically
rewarding stanza: It is taken from "I loved a lass" and is concerned with
the higher emotions.
		She would me "Honey" call,
		She'd -- O she'd kiss me too.
		But now alas!  She's left me
		Falero, lero, loo.
	Among other details of his mistress which he chose to immortalize
was her prudent choice of footwear.
		The fives did fit her shoe.
	In 1639 the great poet's life was endangered after his capture by
the Royalists during the English Civil War.  When Sir John Denham, the
Royalist poet, heard of Wither's imminent execution, he went to the King and
begged that his life be spared.  When asked his reason, Sir John replied,
"Because that so long as Wither lived, Denham would not be accounted the
worst poet in England."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


It's no surprise that things are so screwed up: everyone that knows how
to run a government is either driving taxicabs or cutting hair.
		-- George Burns


Sleep is for the weak and sickly.


	Then there's the story of the man who avoided reality for 70 years
with drugs, sex, alcohol, fantasy, TV, movies, records, a hobby, lots of
sleep...  And on his 80th birthday died without ever having faced any of
his real problems.
	The man's younger brother, who had been facing reality and all his
problems for 50 years with psychiatrists, nervous breakdowns, tics, tension,
headaches, worry, anxiety and ulcers, was so angry at his brother for having
gotten away scott free that he had a paralyzing stroke.
	The moral to this story is that there ain't no justice that we can
stand to live with.
		-- R. Geis


Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance?
		-- Charlie McCarthy


Imagine that Cray computer decides to make a personal computer.  It has
a 150 MHz processor, 200 megabytes of RAM, 1500 megabytes of disk
storage, a screen resolution of 4096 x 4096 pixels, relies entirely on
voice recognition for input, fits in your shirt pocket and costs $300.
What's the first question that the computer community asks?

"Is it PC compatible?"


Never face facts; if you do you'll never get up in the morning.
		-- Marlo Thomas


Generic Fortune.


It's recently come to Fortune's attention that scientists have stopped
using laboratory rats in favor of attorneys.  Seems that there are not
only more of them, but you don't get so emotionally attached.  The only
difficulty is that it's sometimes difficult to apply the experimental
results to humans.

	[Also, there are some things even a rat won't do.  Ed.]


The little pieces of my life I give to you,
with love, to make a quilt to keep away the cold.


Finster's Law:
A closed mouth gathers no feet.


I understand why you're confused.  You're thinking too much.
		-- Carole Wallach


I told my doctor I got all the exercise I needed being a
pallbearer for all my friends who run and do exercises!
		-- Winston Churchill


I am two fools, I know, for loving, and for saying so.
		-- John Donne


Nature abhors a hero.  For one thing, he violates the law of conservation
of energy.  For another, how can it be the survival of the fittest when the
fittest keeps putting himself in situations where he is most likely to be
creamed?
		-- Solomon Short


Sleep is for the weak and sickly.


The Messiah will come.  There will be a resurrection of the dead -- all
the things that Jews believed in before they got so damn sophisticated.
		-- Rabbi Meir Kahane


You will be a winner today.  Pick a fight with a four-year-old.


The next thing I say to you will be true.
The last thing I said was false.


	Are you a Young Urban Professional Woman?  If so, you know how
Yuppie women are; cold, ruthless bitches with no time for love, and only
an occasional weekend for sex.  Your one "hot date" with Joe Fastrack,
rising corporate star, ended in disaster.  Yesterday you heard him telling
a friend over lunch, "The woman must masturbate with popsicles!"  Well,
all is not lost!  SofSqueeze can change your nickname to Electrolux in just
15 minutes a day!
	SofSqueeze is a pressure sensitive device (divided into appropriate
sections) that plugs into the serial port of most home computers.  Through
the magic of biofeedback, SofSqueeze teaches you control over your vaginal
muscles.  With our exciting, easy-to-follow software you'll master the
"Cincinnati Squeeze", the "Irresistible", the "California Crusher", and,
of course, the perennial favorite, "Milking Time Down on the Farm".  Or,
using our exclusive Interactive Mode, invent your own!
	SofSqueeze is made of sturdy ABS plastic, and is completely
immersible for easy cleaning.  SofSqueeze's flesh-toned exterior is finely
textured for a realistic effect.  Requires 4K RAM, a DB25 serial port and
limited graphics capability.  Comes fully assembled, with 4 AA batteries.


Any president should have the right to shoot
at least two people a year without explanation.
		-- Herbert Hoover, discussing the press


I've given up reading books; I find it takes my mind off myself.


Interfere?  Of course we should interfere!  Always do what you're
best at, that's what I say.
		-- "Doctor Who"


Hindsight is always 20:20.
		-- Billy Wilder


The best book on programming for the layman is "Alice in Wonderland";
but that's because it's the best book on anything for the layman.


"Rights" is a fictional abstraction.  No one has "Rights", neither
machines nor flesh-and-blood.  Persons... have opportunities, not
rights, which they use or do not use.
		-- Lazarus Long


The easiest way to figure the cost of living is to take your income and
add ten percent.


BEAUTY:
	What's in your eye when you have a bee in your hand.


1 bulls, 3 cows.


The verdict of a jury is the a priori opinion of that juror who smokes
the worst cigars.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Pandora's Rule:
	Never open a box you didn't close.


I never met a piece of chocolate I didn't like.


Too often I find that the volume of paper expands to fill the available
briefcases.
		-- Governor Jerry Brown


Hackers do it with fewer instructions.


It used to be the fun was in
The capture and kill.
In another place and time
I did it all for thrills.
		-- Lust to Love


QOTD:
	"On a scale of 1 to 10 I'd say...  oh, somewhere in there."


Death is life's way of telling you you've been fired.
		-- R. Geis


Promise her anything, but give her Exxon unleaded.


If you want to read about love and marriage you've got to buy two separate
books.
		-- Alan King


What use is magic if it can't save a unicorn?
		-- Peter S. Beagle, "The Last Unicorn"


No skis take rocks like rental skis!


Hate the sin and love the sinner.
		-- Mahatma Gandhi


Democracy is the name we give the people whenever we need them.
		-- Arman de Caillavet, 1913


Q:	What does a WASP Mom make for dinner?
A:	A crisp salad, a hearty soup, a lovely entree, followed by
	a delicious dessert.


Time is nature's way of making sure that
everything doesn't happen at once.

Space is nature's way of making sure that
everything doesn't happen to you.


Speaking as someone who has delved into the intricacies of PL/I, I am sure
that only Real Men could have written such a machine-hogging, cycle-grabbing,
all-encompassing monster.  Allocate an array and free the middle third?
Sure!  Why not?  Multiply a character string times a bit string and assign the
result to a float decimal?  Go ahead!  Free a controlled variable procedure
parameter and reallocate it before passing it back?  Overlay three different
types of variable on the same memory location?  Anything you say!  Write a
recursive macro?  Well, no, but Real Men use rescan.  How could a language
so obviously designed and written by Real Men not be intended for Real Man use?


More people have died in Ted Kennedy's car than in nuclear power plants.


I'd love to go out with you, but I'm taking punk totem pole carving.


Brain, n.:
	The apparatus with which we think that we think.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


They are cold-blooded. They are completely ruthless about protecting
what they have. The only thing they connect to is the money aspect of
life.  Let's face it: That's the American way.
		-- Jeffrey M. Johnson, regional chairman of the District
		   of Columbia United Way, speaking of drug dealers.


F. Scott Fitzgerald to Hemingway:
	"Ernest, the rich are different from us."
Hemingway:
	"Yes.  They have more money."


You are in a maze of little twisting passages, all different.


ONE SIZE FITS ALL:
	Doesn't fit anyone.


It's not easy being green.
		-- Kermit


	The only real game in the world, I think, is baseball...
You've got to start way down, at the bottom, when you're six or seven years
old. You can't wait until you're fifteen or sixteen.  You've got to let it
grow up with you, and if you're successful and you try hard enough, you're
bound to come out on top, just like these boys have come to the top now.
		-- Babe Ruth, in his 1948 farewell speech at Yankee Stadium


Biggest security gap -- an open mouth.


Natives who beat drums to drive off evil spirits are objects of
scorn to smart Americans who blow horns to break up traffic jams.
		-- Mary Ellen Kelly


The most difficult years of marriage are those following the wedding.


The college graduate is presented with a sheepskin to cover his
intellectual nakedness.
		-- Robert M. Hutchins


*** NEWSFLASH ***
	Russian tanks steamrolling through New Jersey!!!!
	Details at eleven!


Beef stroganoff, n.:
	A bull masturbating.


I have just read your lousy review buried in the back pages.  You
sound like a frustrated old man who never made a success, an
eight-ulcer man on a four-ulcer job, and all four ulcers working.  I
have never met you, but if I do you'll need a new nose and plenty of
beefsteak and perhaps a supporter below.  Westbrook Pegler, a
guttersnipe, is a gentleman compared to you.  You can take that as more
of an insult than as a reflection on your ancestry.
		-- Harry S. Truman


IOT trap -- core dumped


It's multiple choice time...

	What is FORTRAN?

	a: Between thre and fiv tran.
	b: What two computers engage in before they interface.
	c: Ridiculous.


Life is a sexually transferred disease with 100% mortality.


Polish fly, n.:
	You put it in her drink and she begs you to take her bowling.


Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Statistics means never having to say you're certain.


California is a fine place to live -- if you happen to be an orange.
		-- Fred Allen


Rainy days and automatic weapons always get me down.


If you just try long enough and hard enough, you can always manage to boot
yourself in the posterior.
		-- A. J. Liebling, "The Press"


Unix, n.:
	A computer operating system, once thought to be flabby and
	impotent, that now shows a surprising interest in making off
	with the workstation harem.


Every time I think I know where it's at, they move it.


Success is a journey, not a destination.


Lagnaf, n.:
	Let's All Get Naked And Fuck!


In the Garden of Eden sat Adam,
Massaging the bust of his madam,
	He chuckled with mirth,
	For he knew that on earth,
There were only two boobs and he had 'em.


The most difficult years of marriage are those following the wedding.


Il y avait un plombier, Francois,
Qui plombait sa femme dans le Bois.
	Dit-elle, "Arretez!
	J'entends quelqu'un venait."
Dit le plombier, en plombant, "C'est moi."


Most people prefer certainty to truth.


When the revolution comes, count your change.


Children aren't happy without something to ignore,
And that's what parents were created for.
		-- Ogden Nash


Advertising is the most fun of anything you can do with your clothes on.
		-- Mary Wells, advertising executive


We are each only one drop in a great
ocean -- but some of the drops sparkle!


Q:	How many IBM types does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Fifteen.  One to do it, and fourteen to write document number
	GC7500439-0001, Multitasking Incandescent Source System Facility,
	of which 10% of the pages state only "This page intentionally
	left blank", and 20% of the definitions are of the form "A:.....
	consists of sequences of non-blank characters separated by blanks".


Don't compare floating point numbers solely for equality.


If A equals success, then the formula is _A = _X + _Y + _Z.  _X is work.  _Y
is play.  _Z is keep your mouth shut.
		-- Albert Einstein


If a thing's worth doing, it is worth doing badly.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


Wasting time is an important part of living.


	"What do you do when your real life exceeds your wildest
fantasies?"
	"You keep it to yourself."
		-- Broadcast News


	This guy is walking down the beach one fine sunny day, feeling
good, when suddenly he sees this woman with no arms or legs in a wheelchair,
sobbing  like crazy.  He decides to be gallant, "What's wrong, miss?"
	"I...<sob, sniffle>...I'm 21 and I <choke> I've never been kissed...
<sniffle>"
	So this guy, he decides, what the hell, let's cheer up the poor lady.
He leans over and gives her a long wonderful kiss.  This does wonders, and
the woman's face lights up and she grins from ear to ear, and the guy wanders
away feeling wonderful.
	Well, next week, the same guy is walking along the same beach, and
sees the same girl who is once again sobbing her eyes out.  Gallant to the
end, our hero says, "What's wrong, miss, can I help?"
	"I...I'm <sob, sniffle, sniffle> 21 and I've never been fucked..."
	The guy picks her up out of her chair, cuddles her close, and brings
her over to the shore, and throws her into the water.  "Now you're fucked!"


For years a secret shame destroyed my peace --
I'd not read Eliot, Auden or MacNiece.
But now I think a thought that brings me hope:
Neither had Chaucer, Shakespeare, Milton, Pope.
		-- Justin Richardson


Theorem: All positive integers are equal.
Proof: Sufficient to show that for any two positive integers, A and B, A = B.
	Further, it is sufficient to show that for all N > 0, if A and B
	(positive integers) satisfy (MAX(A, B) = N) then A = B.

Proceed by induction:
	If N = 1, then A and B, being positive integers, must both be 1.
	So A = B.

Assume that the theorem is true for some value k.  Take A and B with
	MAX(A, B) = k+1.  Then MAX((A-1), (B-1)) = k.  And hence
	(A-1) = (B-1).  Consequently, A = B.


There is a road to freedom.  Its milestones are Obedience, Endeavor, Honesty,
Order, Cleanliness, Sobriety, Truthfulness, Sacrifice, and love of the
Fatherland.
		-- Adolf Hitler


What color is a chameleon on a mirror?


The danger is not that a particular class is unfit to govern.
Every class is unfit to govern.
		-- Lord Acton


