Woody: What's going on, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Let's talk about what's going *in* Mr. Peterson.  A beer, Woody.
		-- Cheers, Paint Your Office

Sam:  How's life treating you?
Norm: It's not, Sammy, but that doesn't mean you can't.
		-- Cheers, A Kiss is Still a Kiss

Woody:  Can I pour you a draft, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   A little early, isn't it Woody?
Woody:  For a beer?
Norm:   No, for stupid questions.
		-- Cheers, Let Sleeping Drakes Lie


There are only two kinds of tequila.  Good and better.


Achilles' Biological Findings:
	(1) If a child looks like his father, that's heredity.  If he
	    looks like a neighbor, that's environment.
	(2) A lot of time has been wasted arguing over what came first
	    -- the chicken or the egg.  It was undoubtedly the
	    rooster.


If you drink, don't park.  Accidents make people.


If things don't improve soon, you'd better ask them to stop helping you.


If everything on the road of life seems to
be coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.


Ever feel like you're the head pin on life's
bowling alley, and everyone's rolling strikes?


Human resources are human first, and resources second.
		-- J. Garbers


Clairvoyant, n.:
	A person, commonly a woman, who has the power of seeing that
	which is invisible to her patron -- namely, that he is a
	blockhead.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


I think the world would be a more peaceful place if people
could just keep their fingers out of the fortune files.
		-- Jordan K. Hubbard


What will happen when the 32-bit Unix date goes negative in mid-January
2038 does not bear thinking about.
		-- Henry Spencer


Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral?
It is because we are not the person involved.
		-- Mark Twain


Your life would be very empty if you had nothing to regret.


Reception area, n.:
	The purgatory where office visitors are condemned to spend
	innumerable hours reading dog-eared back issues of trade
	magazines like Modern Plastics, Chain Saw Age, and Chicken World,
	while the receptionist blithely reads her own trade magazine --
	Cosmopolitan.


I know why the sun never sets on the British Empire -- God wouldn't trust
an Englishman in the dark.
		-- Duncan Spaeth


Before you ask more questions, think about whether
you really want to know the answers.
		-- Gene Wolfe, "The Claw of the Conciliator"


Lawyer, n.:
	Someone who can get a sodomy charge changed to "following too
	closely."


Those who in quarrels interpose, must often wipe a bloody nose.


	 A Plan for the Improvement of English Spelling
			  by Mark Twain

	For example, in Year 1 that useless letter "c" would be dropped
to be replased either by "k" or "s", and likewise "x" would no longer
be part of the alphabet.  The only kase in which "c" would be retained
would be the "ch" formation, which will be dealt with later.  Year 2
might reform "w" spelling, so that "which" and "one" would take the
same konsonant, wile Year 3 might well abolish "y" replasing it with
"i" and Iear 4 might fiks the "g/j" anomali wonse and for all.
	Jenerally, then, the improvement would kontinue iear bai iear
with Iear 5 doing awai with useless double konsonants, and Iears 6-12
or so modifaiing vowlz and the rimeining voist and unvoist konsonants.
Bai Iear 15 or sou, it wud fainali bi posibl tu meik ius ov thi
ridandant letez "c", "y" and "x" -- bai now jast a memori in the maindz
ov ould doderez -- tu riplais "ch", "sh", and "th" rispektivli.
	Fainali, xen, aafte sam 20 iers ov orxogrefkl riform, wi wud
hev a lojikl, kohirnt speling in ius xrewawt xe Ingliy-spiking werld.


	An old maid wanted to travel by bus to the pet cemetery with the
remains of her cat.  As she boarded the bus, she whispered to the driver,
"I have a dead pussy."
	The driver pointed to the woman in the seat behind him and said,
"Sit with my wife.  You two have a lot in common."


Q:	Why do the police always travel in threes?
A:	One to do the reading, one to do the writing, and the other keeps
	an eye on the two intellectuals.


Sex is about as important as a cheese sandwich.  But a cheese sandwich,
if you ain't got one to put in your belly, is extremely important.
		-- Ian Dury


This is your fortune.


	The wise programmer is told about the Tao and follows it.  The average
programmer is told about the Tao and searches for it.  The foolish programmer
is told about the Tao and laughs at it.  If it were not for laughter, there
would be no Tao.
	The highest sounds are the hardest to hear.  Going forward is a way to
retreat.  Greater talent shows itself late in life.  Even a perfect program
still has bugs.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Sex is the poor man's opera.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


DYSLEXICS OF THE WORLD, UNTIE!


Rules for driving in New York:
	1) Anything done while honking your horn is legal.
	2) You may park anywhere if you turn your four-way flashers on.
	3) A red light means the next six cars may go through the
		intersection.


	A housewife, an accountant and a lawyer were asked to add 2 and 2.
	The housewife replied, "Four!".
	The accountant said, "It's either 3 or 4.  Let me run those figures
through my spread sheet one more time."
	The lawyer pulled the drapes, dimmed the lights and asked in a
hushed voice, "How much do you want it to be?"


	When, in 1964, New Hampshire Republican Senator Norris Cotton announced
his support of Barry Goldwater in his state's primary election, he was
questioned as to whether this indicated a change of his hitherto "liberal"
political views.
	"Well," explained Cotton, "it's like the New Hampshire farmer.  He was
driving along in his car one day with his wife beside him when his wife said,
'Why don't we sit closer together?  Before we were married, we always sat
closer together.'  The old farmer replied, 'I ain't moved.'"
	"I ain't moved," added Cotton.  "I found the trend of Government has
moved farther to the left."
		-- Bill Adler, "The Washington Wits"


If you would keep a secret from an enemy, tell it not to a friend.


He's gallantry personified, in fact, his brochures ought to
read satisfaction guaranteed, or your virginity returned intact.


There's got to be more to life than compile-and-go.


You will soon meet a person who will play an important role in your life.


I was in a bar and I walked up to a beautiful woman and said, "Do you live
around here often?"  She said, "You're wearing two different-color socks."
I said, "Yes, but to me they're the same because I go by thickness."
She said, "How do you feel?" And I said, "You know when you're sitting on a
chair and you lean back so you're just on two legs and you lean too far so
you almost fall over but at the last second you catch yourself?  I feel like
that all the time."
		-- Steven Wright, "Gentlemen's Quarterly"


The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed
ideas in the mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald


Incumbent, n.:
	Person of liveliest interest to the outcumbents.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Different all twisty a of in maze are you, passages little.


Who took the MMMMMM out of MURINE?


History repeats itself -- the first time as a tragi-comedy, the second
time as bedroom farce.


Cats, no less liquid than their shadows, offer no angles to the wind.


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"Time for you to leave."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


From listening comes wisdom and from speaking repentance.


In those days he was wiser than he is now -- he used to frequently take
my advice.
		-- Winston Churchill


We don't care.  We don't have to.  We're the Phone Company.


Know Thy User.


	"Cheshire-Puss," she began, "would you tell me, please, which
way I ought to go from here?"
	"That depends a good deal on where you want to get to," said
the Cat.
	"I don't care much where--" said Alice.
	"Then it doesn't matter which way you go," said the Cat.
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


A conclusion is simply the place where someone got tired of thinking.


Your responsibility as a parent is not as great as you might imagine.  You
need not supply the world with the next conqueror of disease or major motion
picture star.  If your child simply grows up to be someone who does not use
the word "collectible" as a noun, you can consider yourself an unqualified
success.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


System going down in 5 minutes.


You're just the sort of person I imagined marrying, when I was little...
except, y'know, not green... and without all the patches of fungus.
		-- Swamp Thing


Ed Sullivan will be around as long as someone else has talent.
		-- Fred Allen


Look before you leap.
		-- Samuel Butler


Three minutes of serious sex and I need eight hours of sleep and
a bowl of Wheaties.
		-- Richard Pryor


Tip the world over on its side and
everything loose will land in Los Angeles.
		-- Frank Lloyd Wright


Dammit, how many times do I have to tell you?  _F_I_R_S_T you rape,
_T_H_E_N you pillage!!


Last night I dreamed I ate a ten-pound marshmallow, and when I woke up
the pillow was gone.
		-- Tommy Cooper


	"And what do you two think you are doing?!" roared the husband,
as he came upon his wife in bed with another man.  The wife turned and
smiled at her companion.
	"See?" she said.  "I told you he was stupid!"


You are a tower of strength in the office, but only so-so in bed.


White House carpenters have reworked the master bedroom, remodeling it
so that Ronnie can sleep with his head in the hall.  That way, by the
time he wakes up, somebody will have already shined his hair.


AQUARIUS (Jan. 20 to Feb. 18)
	A friend will step forward and confide in you about your breath.  Rely
	on your outgoing personality and winning smile to get you into a lot
	of trouble.  Be relaxed, things will change.  Look for a pink slip on
	payday.  Stop wetting your bed.


A wise man can see more from a mountain top
than a fool can from the bottom of a well.


	A farm in the country side had several turkeys, it was known as the
house of seven gobbles.


First Law of Bicycling:
	No matter which way you ride, it's uphill and against the wind.


America, I'm putting my queer shoulder to the wheel.
		-- Allen Ginsberg


Ducharme's Precept:
	Opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment.


There are no great men, only great challenges that
ordinary men are forced by circumstances to meet.
		-- Admiral William Halsey


I had a virgin once.  I had to go to Florida for her.  She was twelve
years old, blind in one eye, and carried a stuffed alligator labeled
"Made in Taiwan".
		-- The Stunt Man


Hackers have kernel knowledge.


People don't usually make the same mistake twice -- they make it three
times, four time, five times...


If you give a man enough rope, he'll claim he's tied up at the office.


Q:	How do you keep an Aggie busy at a terminal?
A:	While he's not looking, switch it to "local".


One hundred and one uses for canned peaches.
One hundred and two if you plan to eat them.


Vital papers will demonstrate their vitality by spontaneously moving
from where you left them to where you can't find them.


	Joan, the rather well-proportioned secretary, spent almost all of
her vacation sunbathing on the roof of her hotel.  She wore a bathing suit
the first day, but on the second, she decided that no one could see her
way up there, and she slipped out of it for an overall tan.  She'd hardly
begun when she heard someone running up the stairs; she was lying on her
stomach, so she just pulled a towel over her rear.
	"Excuse me, miss," said the flustered little assistant manager of
the hotel, out of breath from running up the stairs.  "The Hilton doesn't
mind your sunbathing on the roof, but we would very much appreciate your
wearing a bathing suit as you did yesterday."
	"What difference does it make," Joan asked rather calmly.  "No one
can see me up here, and besides, I'm covered with a towel."
	"Not exactly," said the embarrassed little man.  "You're lying on
the dining room skylight."


Writers do it between periods.


What this department needs is a really good inflatable doll.


Old Japanese proverb:
	There are two kinds of fools -- those who never climb Mt. Fuji,
and those who climb it twice.


When license fees are too high,
users do things by hand.
When the management is too intrusive,
users lose their spirit.

Hack for the user's benefit.
Trust them; leave them alone.


Magnet, n.: Something acted upon by magnetism

Magnetism, n.: Something acting upon a magnet.

The two definitions immediately foregoing are condensed from the works
of one thousand eminent scientists, who have illuminated the subject
with a great white light, to the inexpressible advancement of human
knowledge.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Remember that there is an outside world to see and enjoy.
		-- Hans Liepmann


The notes blatted skyward as the rose over the Canada geese, feathered
rumps mooning the day, webbed appendages frantically pedaling unseen
bicycles in their search for sustenance, driven by cruel Nature's maxim,
'Ya wanna eat, ya gotta work,' and at last I knew Pittsburgh.
		-- Winning sentence, 1987 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest


At Group L, Stoffel oversees six first-rate programmers,
a managerial challenge roughly comparable to herding cats.
		-- "The Washington Post Magazine", June 9, 1985


When you're dining out and you suspect
something's wrong, you're probably right.


Even if you do learn to speak correct
English, whom are you going to speak it to?
		-- Clarence Darrow


I think the world is run by C students.
		-- Al McGuire


Sailing is fun, but scrubbing the decks is aardvark.
		-- Heard on Noah's ark


An American walks into an Irish pub around lunchtime, and finds the place
is completely filled and there are no chairs available, with the exception
of one -- seating a Chihuahua next to a woman.  He very politely asks her
if she would mind placing her dog on the floor for a few minutes while he
got a quick bite to eat.
	"I most certainly would!", the woman haughtily replies.  "Little
Fifi *always* sits next to me at lunchtime and there she will stay!"
	Whereupon, the American picks up the Chihuahua, throws it out of
an open window and takes the seat.
	An Irishman, watching the whole encounter, walks over, taps the
American on the shoulder and says, "Mate, I guess I never will understand
you Americans.  You drink your beer cold, drive on the right side of the
street, and you just threw the wrong bitch out the window!"


If at first you don't succeed, you must be a programmer.


Underlying Principle of Socio-Genetics:
	Superiority is recessive.


We are giving instruction to FBI agents in the various Chinese
dialects ... to handle present and likely future contingencies.
		-- J. Hoover


Schizophrenia beats being alone.


Regression analysis:
	Mathematical techniques for trying to understand why things are
	getting worse.


If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it.
		-- W. C. Fields

[Also attributed to Roy Mengot.  Ed.]


Ooops.  Gotta run.  My dog wants sex.  Later.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(29) The Los Angeles Raiders will never be the team they were when they
     called Oakland home.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Sentient plasmoids are a gas.


Clovis' Consideration of an Atmospheric Anomaly:
	The perversity of nature is nowhere better demonstrated
	than by the fact that, when exposed to the same atmosphere,
	bread becomes hard while crackers become soft.


You come out of a woman and you spend the rest of your life trying to
get back inside.
		-- Heathcote Williams


Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today.  There might be a
law against it by that time.


PISCES (Feb. 19 - Mar. 20)
	You have a vivid imagination and often think you are being followed
	by the CIA or FBI.  You have minor influence over your associates
	and people resent your flaunting of your power.  You lack confidence
	and you are generally a coward.  Pisces people do terrible things to
	small animals.


To the systems programmer, users and applications serve only to provide
a test load.


XEROX never does anything original.


Happiness makes up in height what it lacks in length.


Last night the power went out.  Good thing my camera had a flash....
The neighbors thought it was lightning in my house, so they called the cops.
		-- Steven Wright


Now I lay me back to sleep.
The speaker's dull; the subject's deep.
If he should stop before I wake,
Give me a nudge for goodness' sake.
		-- Anonymous


The last vestiges of the old Republic have been swept away.
		-- Governor Tarkin


Hlade's Law:
	If you have a difficult task, give it to a lazy person --
	they will find an easier way to do it.


Facts, apart from their relationships, are like labels on empty bottles.
		-- Sven Italla


When the blind lead the blind they will both fall over the cliff.
		-- Chinese proverb


Get your bytes from our backend!
		-- Britton Lee


Be self-reliant and your success is assured.


Half the world is composed of people who have something to say and can't,
and the other half who have nothing to say and keep on saying it.


CF&C stole it, fair and square.
		-- Tim Hahn


There can be no daily democracy without daily citizenship.
		-- Ralph Nader


Tan me hide when I'm dead, Fred,
Tan me hide when I'm dead.
So we tanned his hide when he died, Clyde,
It's hanging there on the shed.

All together now...
	Tie me kangaroo down, sport,
	Tie me kangaroo down.
	Tie me kangaroo down, sport,
	Tie me kangaroo down.


It was a warm, sunny Sunday, and a man and his wife decided to take in the zoo.
They spent the day, and at closing time they walked past the gorilla cage, and
the man noticed the gorilla looking at his wife.  "That gorilla is getting
excited just looking at your tits," he said.  "Why don't you take your blouse
off and we'll see what he does?"
	At first she refused.  But finally persuaded by her husband, she took
off her blouse and bra.  The gorilla went nuts.  He started grunting and
jumping up and down.
	"Hey," the husband said, "let's really blow his mind.  Take off all
your clothes and we'll see what he does."
	Again she said no and again he persuaded her.  This time the ape
really went bananas!  He climbed up and down the bars, did flips, ran around
in circles and tossed his food all over the cage.  The husband went over to
the cage, opened the door and pushed his wife in.
	"Now," said the husband, "tell that motherfucker you have a headache!"


IBM Advanced Systems Group -- a bunch of mindless jerks,
who'll be first against the wall when the revolution comes...
		-- with regrets to Douglas Adams


YOUR FOAMY FUTURE
	by Miss Fortune

CANCER (Jun 22 - July 22)
	You've been awarded a clean bill of health this month and you feel
you owe it all to the excessive amount of Vitamin B, Iron, and Malt you get
in your beer.  Being healthy is admirable but don't you think you're going
to feel stupid one day lying in a hospital dying of nothing?

LEO (July 23 - August 22)
	You will soon acquire a large sum of money and will be in seventh
heaven as you head to the nearest Liquor Barn and buy all the beer they have
in stock.  Whoever said money couldn't buy happiness didn't know where to
shop.

VIRGO (August 23 - September 22)
	Your late night, beer drinking, "life in the fast lane" parties are
affecting your job production the next morning.  You feel a nine to five job
is not for a "party animal" such as yourself and may feel the need for a
career change.  Just remember, people who work sitting down get paid more
than people who work standing up.


A pencil with no point needs no eraser.


Set the cart before the horse.
		-- John Heywood


Too much of everything is just enough.
		-- Bob Wier


The trouble with eating Italian food is that
five or six days later you're hungry again.
		-- George Miller


Adopting the metric system would have certain psychological advantages --
such as being able to claim 18 centimeters instead of seven inches.


If you knew what to say next, would you say it?


Langsam's Laws:
	(1) Everything depends.
	(2) Nothing is always.
	(3) Everything is sometimes.


Dammit Jim, I'm an actor not a doctor.


Within a computer, natural language is unnatural.


It was all so different before everything changed.


Your boyfriend takes chocolate from strangers.


No one gets sick on Wednesdays.


As I bit into the nectarine, it had a crisp juiciness about it that was very
pleasurable - until I realized it wasn't a nectarine at all, but A HUMAN HEAD!!
		-- Jack Handey


Well, I went to a party, and what did they do?
They took off their socks and they took off their shoes.
They took off their shirts, and they took off their pants,
I had a hunch, we weren't gonna dance.

Everybody, everybody's ass was bare,
No bras left, just a queer over there.
But the whole damn thing didn't faze me a bit;
I just jumped on the pile and grabbed some tit.

My baby's not a sports fan,
But she plays with balls whenever she can.
'Cause her favorite sport you see,
Is playing tonsil hockey.
[chorus]
	Eat, bite, fuck, suck, gobble, nibble, chew;
	Nipple, bosom, hair pie, finger fuck, screw.
	Moose piss, cat pud, orangutan tit;
	Sheep pussy, camel crack, pig-lie-in-shit.
		-- Doctor Dirty, "The Eat-Bite Song"


In my sweet little Alice Blue gown
Was the first time I ever laid down,
	I was both proud and shy
	As he opened his fly
And the moment I saw it I thought I would die.

Oh it hung almost down to the ground,
As it went in I made not a sound,
	The more that he shoved it
	The more that I loved it,
As he came on my Alice Blue gown.


Cox's philosophy:
	Life's a bitch, then you die.


THE THREE MOST COMMONLY-ASKED QUESTIONS AT DISNEYLAND:

1) Where's the bathroom?
2) What time does the parade start?
3) Do you sell anything without that damn mouse on it?


Sentient plasmoids are a gas.


Dr. Jekyll had something to Hyde.


Don't try to have the last word -- you might get it.
		-- Lazarus Long


		Safety Tips for the Post-Nuclear Existence
1.	Never use an elevator in a building that has been hit by a
		nuclear bomb, use the stairs.
2.	When you're flying through the air, remember to roll
		when you hit the ground.
3.	If you're on fire, avoid gasoline and other flammable materials.
4.	Don't attempt communication with dead people; it will only lead
		to psychological problems.
5.	Food will be scarce, you will have to scavenge.  Learn to recognize
		foods that will be available after the bomb: mashed potatoes,
		shredded wheat, tossed salad, ground beef, etc.
6.	Put your hand over your mouth when you sneeze, internal organs
		will be scarce in the post-nuclear age.
7.	Try to be neat, fall only in designated piles.
8.	Drive carefully in "Heavy Fallout" areas, people could be
		staggering illegally.
9.	Nutritionally, hundred dollar bills are equal to one's, but more
		sanitary due to limited circulation.
10.	Accumulate mannequins now, spare parts will be in short
		supply on D-Day.


Sometimes guys'll say to you, "Have a good one."  I say, "I already have
a good one.  Now I'm looking for a longer one."
		-- George Carlin


I replaced the headlights on my car with strobe lights.  Now it
looks like I'm the only one moving.
		-- Steven Wright


Whenever you find that you are on the
side of the majority, it is time to reform.
		-- Mark Twain


You're almost as happy as you think you are.


Miller's Slogan:
	Lose a few, lose a few.


The Reverend Henry Ward Beecher
Called a girl a most elegant creature.
	So she laid on her back
	And, exposing her crack,
Said, "Fuck that, you old Sunday School Teacher!"


