Walk softly and carry a megawatt laser.


A woman can never be too rich or too thin.


A man's gotta know his limitations.
		-- Clint Eastwood, "Dirty Harry"


I have discovered that all human evil comes from this, man's being unable
to sit still in a room.
		-- Blaise Pascal


Geometry teaches us to bisex angels.


I've been watching you closely to see if you have been good this year;
and since you have, I will be telling my elves to make some goodies for me
to leave under your tree on Christmas.  I was going to bring you all the
gifts from the twelve days of Christmas, but we had a little problem up here.
The twelve fiddlers fiddling have all come down with V.D. from fiddling with
the ten ladies dancing, the eleven lords-a-leaping have knocked up the eight
maids-a-milking, and the nine pipers piping have been arrested for doing
weird things to the seven swans-a-swimming and the six geese-a-laying.  The
four calling birds, three French hens, two turtle doves, and the partridge
in the pear tree have me up to my ass in birdshit.  On top of all this, Mrs.
Claus is going through menopause, eight of my reindeer are in heat, the elves
have joined gay liberation, and those dumb ass Polacks have scheduled
Christmas for the fifth of February.  I'll do what I can.
		Sincerely,
		Santa


You will always have friends
Some friends will peter out.
But I'll always be your friend,
Peter in or peter out.


Ye've also got to remember that ... respectable people do the most
astonishin' things to preserve their respectability.  Thank God
I'm not respectable.
		-- Ruthven Campbell Todd


If God wanted us to have a President,
He would have sent us a candidate.
		-- Jerry Dreshfield


Schwiggle, n.:
	The amusing rotation of one's bottom while sharpening a
	pencil.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Coming together is a beginning;
	keeping together is progress;
		working together is success.


I took a course in speed reading, learning to read straight down the middle
of the page, and I was able to go through "War and Peace" in twenty minutes.
It's about Russia.
		-- Woody Allen


You will be Told about it Tomorrow.  Go Home and Prepare Thyself.


Does he treat your breasts like unripe grapefruit?  Who needs him?
		-- J, "The Sensuous Woman"


Is it weird in here, or is it just me?
		-- Steven Wright


There are no winners in life, only survivors.


To be patriotic, hate all nations but your own; to be religious, all sects
but your own; to be moral, all pretences but your own.
		-- Lionel Strachey


Il brilgue: les t^oves libricilleux
	Se gyrent et frillant dans le guave,
Enm^im'es sont les gougebosquex,
	Et le m^omerade horgrave.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


What's this stuff about people being "released on their
own recognizance"?  Aren't we all out on own recognizance?


The investment community feels very putupon.  They feel there is no
reason why they shouldn't earn $1 million to $200 million a year,
and they don't want to be held responsible for the global financial
meltdown.
		-- Daniel Fass, Chairman of United States President
		   Barack Obama's financial-industry fundraising party
		   20 October 2009


Life's too short to dance with ugly women.


DEATH WISH:
	The only wish that always comes true, whether or not one wishes it to.


There is nothing wrong with screwing everyone in sight.
Boring your friends about it is the sin.
		-- Mama Liz


It is perfectly permissible for every system call to fail with [ENOTADUCK]
unless the first five bytes of the caller's address space contain the
word "quack".
		-- Garrett Wollman


Nice guys finish last, but we get to sleep in.
		-- Evan Davis


Information Processing:
	What you call data processing when people are so disgusted with
	it they won't let it be discussed in their presence.


You know very well that whether you are on page one or page thirty depends
on whether [the press] fear you.  It is just as simple as that.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Just when you thought you were winning the rat race, along comes a
faster rat!!!


FORTUNE'S PARTY TIPS: #14

	Tired of finding that other people are helping themselves to
your good liquor at BYOB parties?  Take along a candle, which you insert
and light after you've opened the bottle.  No one ever expects anything
drinkable to be in a bottle which has a candle stuck in its neck.


Well, fancy giving money to the Government!
Might as well have put it down the drain.
Fancy giving money to the Government!
Nobody will see the stuff again.
Well, they've no idea what money's for --
Ten to one they'll start another war.
I've heard a lot of silly things, but, Lor'!
Fancy giving money to the Government!
		-- A. P. Herbert


CChheecckk  yyoouurr  dduupplleexx  sswwiittcchh..


Superstition, idolatry, and hypocrisy
have ample wages, but truth goes a-begging.
		-- Martin Luther


Everything will be just tickety-boo today.


It is better to have loved a short man than never to have loved a tall.


Fun Facts, #63:
	The name California was given to the state by Spanish conquistadores.
	It was the name of an imaginary island, a paradise on earth, in the
	Spanish romance, "Les Serges de Esplandian", written by Montalvo in
	1510.


If ever the pleasure of one has to be bought by the pain of the other,
there better be no trade. A trade by which one gains and the other loses
is a fraud.
		-- Dagny Taggart, "Atlas Shrugged"


Hear about...
	the insurance salesman who says his greatest successes are
	with young housewives who aren't adequately covered?


Ditat Deus.  (God enriches.)


Just about every computer on the market today runs Unix, except the Mac
(and nobody cares about it).
		-- Bill Joy 6/21/85


Mary had a little watch;
She swallowed it one day.
And so she took some Ex-Lax
To pass the time away.

But when she took the Ex-Lax
The time it did not pass.
So when you want to know the time,
Just look up Mary's ...
		Uncle, he has a watch, too.


The future isn't what it used to be.  (It never was.)


Chess tonight.


... Logically incoherent, semantically incomprehensible, and
legally ... impeccable!


HELP!  Man trapped in a human body!


Nobody ever died from oven crude poisoning.


Never forget what a man says to you when he is angry.


If you have to ask what jazz is, you'll never know.
		-- Louis Armstrong


I opened the drawer of my little desk and a single letter fell out, a
letter from my mother, written in pencil, one of her last, with unfinished
words and an implicit sense of her departure.  It's so curious: one can
resist tears and "behave" very well in the hardest hours of grief.  But
then someone makes you a friendly sign behind a window... or one notices
that a flower that was in bud only yesterday has suddenly blossomed... or
a letter slips from a drawer... and everything collapses.
		-- Letters From Colette


You don't have to explain something you never said.
		-- Calvin Coolidge


Why don't elephants eat penguins ?

Because they can't get the wrappers off ...


Men are those creatures with two legs and eight hands.
		-- Jayne Mansfield


Encyclopedia Salesmen:
	Invite them all in.  Nip out the back door.  Phone the police
	and tell them your house is being burgled.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Science is facts; just as houses are made of stones, so is science made
of facts; but a pile of stones is not a house and a collection of facts
is not necessarily science.
		-- Jules Henri Poincar'e


Man, n.:
	An animal so lost in rapturous contemplation of what he thinks
	he is as to overlook what he indubitably ought to be.  His chief
	occupation is extermination of other animals and his own
	species, which, however, multiplies with such insistent rapidity
	as to infest the whole habitable earth and Canada.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Youth is a blunder, manhood a struggle, old age a regret.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli, "Coningsby"


Life is both difficult and time consuming.


Hear about...
	the young thing who is fondly known to the men in the office as
	Secretariat -- not just because she's a good secretary but because
	she's a wonderful mount?


It is difficult to produce a television documentary that is both
incisive and probing when every twelve minutes one is interrupted by
twelve dancing rabbits singing about toilet paper.
		-- Rod Serling


The sun was shining brightly		The breeze was blowing briskly,
And I could hardly wait,		It made the flowers sway,
To ponder at my window			The garden was enchanting
And gaze at my estate.			On this inspiring day.

My eyes fell on a little bird,		I smiled at him cheerfully
With a beautiful yellow bill,		And gave him a crust of bread,
I beckoned him to come and light	And then I closed the window
Upon my window sill.			And smashed his fucking head.
		-- "Good Morning", Debbie Smith


Just because they are called "forbidden" transitions does not mean that they
are forbidden.  They are less allowed than allowed transitions, if you see
what I mean.
		-- From a Part 2 Quantum Mechanics lecture


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(30) The United States will again go to war.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Brady's First Law of Problem Solving:
	When confronted by a difficult problem, you can solve it more
	easily by reducing it to the question, "How would the Lone Ranger
	have handled this?"


While there's life, there's hope.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)


Your temporary financial embarrassment will
be relieved in a surprising manner.


A man walks into the doctor's office and the doctor says to him, "I've got
some good news and some bad news."
	"Tell me the good news first" the patient replies.
	"The good news is that your penis is going to be about two inches
longer and about an inch wider," the doctor says.
	"That's great!" says his patient.  "What's the bad news?"
	"Malignant."


Dimensions will always be expressed in the least usable term, convertible
only through the use of weird and unnatural conversion factors.  Velocity,
for example, will be expressed in furlongs per fortnight.


Give me enough medals, and I'll win any war.
		-- Napoleon


QOTD:
	"Men come in four sizes -- small, medium, large, and 'You're
	going to put that thing *where*?'"


Look at it this way:
Your wife's spending $280 a month on meditation lessons to
forget $26,000 of college education.
And you're still drinking ordinary scotch?


A prohibitionist is the sort of man one wouldn't care to
drink with -- even if he drank.
		-- H. L. Mencken


The sum of the Universe is zero.


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #13 -- SLOBOL

	SLOBOL is best known for the speed, or lack of it, of its compiler.
Although many compilers allow you to take a coffee break while they compile,
SLOBOL compilers allow you to travel to Bolivia to pick the beans.  Forty-
three programmers are known to have died of boredom sitting at their terminals
while waiting for a SLOBOL program to compile.  Weary SLOBOL programmers
often turn to a related (but infinitely faster) language, COCAINE.


The honeymoon is over when he phones to say he'll be late for supper and
she's already left a note that it's in the refrigerator.
		-- Bill Lawrence


Coach: How's it going, Norm?
Norm:  Daddy's rich and Momma's good lookin'.
		-- Cheers, Truce or Consequences

Sam:   What's up, Norm?
Norm:  My nipples.  It's freezing out there.
		-- Cheers, Coach Returns to Action

Coach: What's the story, Norm?
Norm:  Thirsty guy walks into a bar.  You finish it.
		-- Cheers, Endless Slumper


Happiness makes up in height what it lacks in length.


Just a few of the perfect excuses for having some strawberry shortcake.
Pick one.

1:	It's less calories than two pieces of strawberry shortcake.
2:	It's cheaper than going to France.
3:	It neutralizes the brownies I had yesterday.
4:	Life is short.
5:	It's somebody's birthday.  I don't want them to celebrate alone.
6:	It matches my eyes.
7:	Whoever said, "Let them eat cake." must have been talking to me.
8:	To punish myself for eating dessert yesterday.
9:	Compensation for all the time I spend in the shower not eating.
10:	Strawberry shortcake is evil.  I must help rid the world of it.
11:	I'm getting weak from eating all that healthy stuff.
12:	It's the second anniversary of the night I ate plain broccoli.


Just once, I wish we would encounter
an alien menace that wasn't immune to bullets.
		-- The Brigadier, "Doctor Who"


Smoking a woman is like kissing a fish.


Time sure flies when you don't know what you're doing.


Two men were sitting over coffee, contemplating the nature of things,
with all due respect for their breakfast.  "I wonder why it is that
toast always falls on the buttered side," said one.
	"Tell me," replied his friend, "why you say such a thing.  Look
at this."  And he dropped his toast on the floor, where it landed on the
dry side.
	"So, what have you to say for your theory now?"
	"What am I to say?  You obviously buttered the wrong side."


You can't judge a book by the way it wears its hair.


We should have a great many fewer disputes in the world if only words were
taken for what they are, the signs of our ideas only, and not for things
themselves.
		-- John Locke


Be sure to evaluate the bird-hand/bush ratio.


One of the worst of my many faults is that I'm too critical of myself.


Mr. Rockford; Miss Collins from the Bureau of Licenses.  We got your
renewal before the extended deadline but not your check.  I'm sorry but
at midnight you're no longer licensed as an investigator.


Fuckoff, n.:
	The tie breaker at the Miss America Beauty Pageant.


Women are just like men, only different.


He who farts in church must sit in his own pew.


Television is a medium because anything well done is rare.
		-- attributed to both Fred Allen and Ernie Kovacs


Many people are desperately looking for some wise advice
which will recommend that they do what they want to do.


Winter is the season in which people try to keep the house
as warm as it was in the summer, when they complained about the heat.


We may not return the affection of those who like us,
but we always respect their good judgment.


Programmers do it until it goes down.


The Bird of Time has but a little way to fly ...
and the bird is on the wing.
		-- Omar Khayyam


Useful Farsi phrases for Americans traveling to Iran:

AUTO ARRAREGH DAVATEMAN MANO SEPAHEH-HAST.
	It is exceptionally kind of you to allow me to
	travel in the trunk of your car.

FASHAL-EH TUPEHMAN NA DEGAT MANO
GOFTAM CHEESHAYEH MOHEMA RAJEBEH KESHVAREHMAN.
	If you will do me the kindness of not harming my genital
	appendages I will gladly reciprocate by betraying my
	country in public.

KHREL, JEPAHEH MANEH VA JAYEH AMRIKAHEY.
	I will tell you the names and addresses of
	many American spies traveling as reporters.


Operators mount anything!


If you make any money, the government shoves you in the creek once a year
with it in your pockets, and all that don't get wet you can keep.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


I once had the wife of a Dean
Seven times while the Dean was out skiin'.
	She remarked with some gaiety,
	"Not bad for the laiety,
Though the Bishop once managed thirteen."


I'm sorry if the correct way of doing things offends you.


In every hierarchy the cream rises until it sours.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


We thrive on euphemism.  We call multi-megaton bombs "Peace-keepers", closet
size apartments "efficient" and incomprehensible artworks "innovative".  In
fact, "euphemism" has become a euphemism for "bald-faced lie".  And now, here
are the euphemisms so colorfully employed in Personal Ads:

EUPHEMISM			REALITY
-------------------		-------------------------
Independent thinker		Crazy
High spirited			Crazy and hyperactive
Free spirited			Crazy and irresponsible
Outrageous			Crazy and obnoxious
Exotic				Crazy with a pierced nose/nipple
Cuddly				Overweight
Huggable/Zaftig/Rubenesque	Fat (there's a lot to love)
Big and beautiful		Really Fat
Fat 'n' sassy			Really Fat and loud
Svelte/Slender			Anorexic
Dynamic				Pushy
Assertive			Pushy with a mean streak
Feisty/Ambitious		Would kill own mother for next corporate rung
Demanding			Will make your life a living hell
Looking for Mr./Ms. Right	Looking for Mr./Ms. Rich


The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one
persists in trying to adapt the world to himself.  Therefore all
progress depends on the unreasonable man.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


7:30, Channel 5: The Bionic Dog (Action/Adventure)
	The Bionic Dog gets a hormonal short-circuit and violates the
	Mann Act with an interstate Greyhound bus.


The better part of valor is discretion.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


QOTD:
	"If I'm what I eat, I'm a chocolate chip cookie."


Q:	How do you play religious roulette?
A:	You stand around in a circle and blaspheme and see who gets struck
	by lightning first.


May a Misguided Platypus lay its Eggs in your Jockey Shorts


Q:	How many elephants can you fit in a VW Bug?
A:	Four.  Two in the front, two in the back.

Q:	How can you tell if an elephant is in your refrigerator?
A:	There's a footprint in the mayo.

Q:	How can you tell if two elephants are in your refrigerator?
A:	There's two footprints in the mayo.

Q:	How can you tell if three elephants are in your refrigerator?
A:	The door won't shut.

Q:	How can you tell if four elephants are in your refrigerator?
A:	There's a VW Bug in your driveway.


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #108

In Memphis, Tennessee, it is illegal for a woman to drive a car unless
there is a man either running or walking in front of it waving a red
flag to warn approaching motorists and pedestrians.


There's one consolation about matrimony.  When you look around you can
always see somebody who did worse.
		-- Warren H. Goldsmith


When you know absolutely nothing about the topic, make your forecast by
asking a carefully selected probability sample of 300 others who don't
know the answer either.
		-- Edgar R. Fiedler


Man will never fly.
Space travel is merely a dream.
All aspirin is alike.


Some people seem to think that "damn" is God's last name.


Illegitimi non carborundum
(translation: no carbonated drinks allowed.)


Q:	What's the difference between a Mac and an Etch-a-Sketch?
A:	You don't have to shake the Mac to clear the screen.


How much for your women?  I want to buy your
daughter... how much for the little girl?
		-- Jake Blues, "The Blues Brothers"


We are each only one drop in a great
ocean -- but some of the drops sparkle!


/Earth is 98% full ... please delete anyone you can.


Over the years, I've developed my sense of deja vu so acutely that now
I can remember things that *have* happened before ...


Memory fault -- brain fried


Don't let your status become too quo!


Exceptions prove the rule, and wreck the budget.
		-- Miller


Was it you that did the pushin',
Left the stains upon the cushion,
The footprints on the dashboard upside-down?
Was it you, you little pecker,
That got into my Rebecca,
If you did, you'd better leave this town!

Yes, 'twas I that did the pushin',
Left the stains upon the cushion,
Footprints on the dashboard upside-down.
But since I stuck your daughter,
I've had trouble passin' water,
So I guess we're kind of even all around!


Too many of his [Mozart's] works sound like interoffice memos.
		-- Glenn Gould


Blithwapping, v.:
	Using anything BUT a hammer to hammer a nail into the
	wall, such as shoes, lamp bases, doorstops, etc.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


The pleasure is transitory, the cost
prohibitive, and the position ridiculous.
		-- Disraeli, on sex


Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach him how to fish,
and he will sit in a boat and drink beer all day.


Wisdom is knowing what to do with what you know.
		-- J. Winter Smith


I've touch'd the highest point of all my greatness;
And from that full meridian of my glory
I haste now to my setting.  I shall fall,
Like a bright exhalation in the evening
And no man see me more.
		-- William Shakespeare


Bones: "The man's DEAD, Jim!"


Better by far you should forget and
smile than that you should remember and be sad.
		-- Christina Rossetti


Don't put off for tomorrow what you can do today because
if you do it today, you can do it again tomorrow.


HR 3128.  Omnibus Budget Reconciliation, Fiscal 1986.  Martin, R-Ill., motion
that the House recede from its disagreement to the Senate amendment making
changes in the bill to reduce fiscal 1986 deficits.  The Senate amendment
was an amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the House
amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill.  The original Senate amendment
was the conference agreement on the bill.  Agreed to.
		-- Albuquerque Journal


This system goes down more often than a two-dollar whore.


The avocation of assessing the failures of better men can be turned
into a comfortable livelihood, providing you back it up with a Ph.D.
		-- Nelson Algren, "Writers at Work"


Best of all is never to have been born.
Second best is to die soon.


If you lose your temper at a newspaper columnist,
he'll get rich or famous or both.


You see, I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty
attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose.  A fool
takes in all the lumber of every sort he comes across, so that the knowledge
which might be useful to him gets crowded out, or at best is jumbled up with
a lot of other things, so that he has difficulty in laying his hands upon it.
Now the skillful workman is very careful indeed as to what he takes into his
brain-attic.  He will have nothing but the tools which may help him in doing
his work, but of these he has a large assortment, and all in the most perfect
order.  It is a mistake to think that that little room has elastic walls and
can distend to any extent.  Depend upon it there comes a time when for every
addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before.  It is of
the highest importance, therefore, not to have useless facts elbowing out
the useful ones.
		-- Sherlock Holmes


