...an experienced, industrious, ambitious, and quite often
picturesque liar.
		-- Mark Twain


Girls are better looking in snowstorms.
		-- Archie Goodwin


A plethora of individuals with expertise in culinary techniques
contaminate the potable concoction produced by steeping certain
edible nutriments.


Actor:	"I'm a smash hit.  Why, yesterday during the last act, I had
	everyone glued in their seats!"
Oliver Herford:	"Wonderful!  Wonderful!  Clever of you to think of
	it!"


Science! true daughter of Old Time thou art!
Who alterest all things with thy peering eyes.
Why preyest thou thus upon the poet's heart,
Vulture, whose wings are dull realities?
How should he love thee? or how deem thee wise?
Who wouldst not leave him in his wandering
To seek for treasure in the jewelled skies,
Albeit he soared with an undaunted wing?
Hast thou not dragged Diana from her car?
And driven the Hamadryad from the wood
To seek a shelter in some happier star?
Hast thou not torn the Naiad from her flood,
The Elfin from the green grass, and from me
The summer dream beneath the tamarind tree?
		-- Edgar Allan Poe, "Science, a Sonnet"


Don't tell me that worry doesn't do any good.
I know better. The things I worry about don't happen.
		-- Watchman Examiner


Hey baby!
	How 'bout a brutal face fuck?


If someone had told me I would be Pope
one day, I would have studied harder.
		-- Pope John Paul I


Premature optimization is the root of all evil.
		-- Donald E. Knuth


If you drink, don't park.  Accidents make people.


Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.


We don't really understand it, so we'll give it to the programmers.


When the doubt vanishes and the issue becomes evident, stupidity reigns.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


	The salesman and the system analyst took off to spend a weekend in the
forest, hunting bear.  They'd rented a cabin, and, when they got there, took
their backpacks off and put them inside.  At which point the salesman turned
to his friend, and said, "You unpack while I go and find us a bear."
	Puzzled, the analyst finished unpacking and then went and sat down
on the porch.  Soon he could hear rustling noises in the forest.  The noises
got nearer -- and louder -- and suddenly there was the salesman, running like
hell across the clearing toward the cabin, pursued by one of the largest and
most ferocious grizzly bears the analyst had ever seen.
	"Open the door!", screamed the salesman.
	The analyst whipped open the door, and the salesman ran to the door,
suddenly stopped, and stepped aside.  The bear, unable to stop, continued
through the door and into the cabin.  The salesman slammed the door closed
and grinned at his friend.  "Got him!", he exclaimed, "now, you skin this
one and I'll go rustle us up another!"


We'll know that rock is dead when you have to get a degree to work in it.


Underlying Principle of Socio-Genetics:
	Superiority is recessive.


Ask your boss to reconsider -- it's so difficult to take "Go to hell"
for an answer.


The reason that every major university maintains a department of
mathematics is that it's cheaper than institutionalizing all those
people.


If you marry a man who cheats on his wife, you'll
be married to a man who cheats on his wife.
		-- Ann Landers


Just because he's dead is no reason to lay off work.


The Great Movie Posters:

SHE TOOK ON A WHOLE GANG! A howling hellcat humping a hot steel hog
on a roaring rampage of revenge!
		-- Bury Me an Angel (1972)

WHAT'S THE SECRET INGREDIENT USED BY THE MAD BUTCHER FOR HIS SUPERB
SAUSAGES?
		-- Meat is Meat (1972)

TODAY the Pond!
TOMORROW the World!
		-- Frogs (1972)


To stay youthful, stay useful.


What did ya do with your burden and your cross?
Did you carry it yourself or did you cry?
You and I know that a burden and a cross,
Can only be carried on one man's back.
		-- Louden Wainwright III


Scrubbing floors and emptying bedpans has as much dignity as the
Presidency.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


	The radio was screaming: "Power to the People -- Right On!" John
Lennon's political song, ten years too late.  "That poor fool should have
stayed where he was," said my attorney.  "Punks like him only get in the
way when they try to be serious."
	"Speaking of serious," I said. "I think it's about time to get
into the ether and the cocaine."
	"Forget ether," he said. "Let's save it for soaking down the rug
in the suite.  But here's this.  Your half of the sunshine blotter.  Just
chew it up like baseball gum."
	I took the blotter and ate it.  My attorney was now fumbling with
the salt shaker containing the cocaine.  Opening it.  Spilling it.  Then
screaming and grabbing at the air, as our fine white dust blew up and out
across the desert highway.  A very expensive little twister rising up from
the Great Red Shark.  "Oh, Jesus!" he moaned.  "Did you see what God just
did to us?"
		-- Raoul Duke, "Rolling Stone", issue 95, Nov. 11, 1971


I doubt, therefore I might be.


If you hype something and it succeeds, you're a genius -- it wasn't a
hype.  If you hype it and it fails, then it was just a hype.
		-- Neil Bogart


Inspiration without perspiration is usually sterile.


Women -- can't live with 'em, can't leave 'em by the curb when you're done.


The office brown-noser named Bunky
Would claim he was nobody's flunky.
	But when the chips were all down,
	His proboscis was brown,
And there hung many strands which were gunky.


Freedom is slavery.
Ignorance is strength.
War is peace.
		-- George Orwell


Today you'll start getting heavy metal radio on your dentures.


	"The pyramid is opening!"
	"Which one?"
	"The one with the ever-widening hole in it!"
		-- The Firesign Theatre,
		   "How Can You Be In Two Places At
		   Once When You're Not Anywhere At All"


We are what we pretend to be.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr.


God votes Republican.


I'll grant thee random access to my heart,
Thoul't tell me all the constants of thy love;
And so we two shall all love's lemmas prove
And in our bound partition never part.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


You may already be a loser.
		-- Form letter received by Rodney Dangerfield


Don't get suckered in by the comments -- they
can be terribly misleading.  Debug only code.
		-- Dave Storer


At times discretion should be thrown aside,
and with the foolish we should play the fool.
		-- Menander


I do not seek the ignorant; the ignorant seek me -- I will instruct them.
I ask nothing but sincerity.  If they come out of habit, they become
tiresome.
		-- I Ching


Maier's Law:
	If the facts do not conform to the theory, they must be disposed of.
		-- N. R. Maier, "American Psychologist", March 1960

Corollaries:
	1.  The bigger the theory, the better.
	2.  The experiment may be considered a success if no more than
	    50% of the observed measurements must be discarded to
	    obtain a correspondence with the theory.


The rich man uses Vaseline,
	The poor man uses lard;
The worker uses axle grease
	But gets it twice as hard.


Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
		-- George Santayana


Finagle's Third Law:
	In any collection of data, the figure most obviously correct,
	beyond all need of checking, is the mistake.

Corollaries:
	1. Nobody whom you ask for help will see it.
	2. The first person who stops by, whose advice you really
	   don't want to hear, will see it immediately.


My only love sprung from my only hate!
Too early seen unknown, and known too late!
		-- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet"


When in doubt, use brute force.
		-- Ken Thompson


In a museum in Havana, there are two skulls of Christopher Columbus,
"one when he was a boy and one when he was a man."
		-- Mark Twain


There is no act of treachery or mean-ness of which a political party
is not capable; for in politics there is no honour.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli, "Vivian Grey"


A woman who is unfaithful deserves to be shot.
		-- Pancho Villa


Q:	How many Aggies does it take to eat an armadillo?
A:	Three, one to eat it, and two to watch for traffic.


Are you sure the back door is locked?


I am not a politician and my other habits are also good.
		-- A. Ward


To jaw-jaw is better than to war-war.
		-- Winston Churchill, on Korean War negotiations


Back in the good ole days in Texas, when stagecoaches and the like was
popular, there were three people in a stagecoach one day: a true red-
blooded born-and-raised Texas gentleman, a tenderfoot city-slicker from
back East, and a beautiful and well-endowed Texas lady.  The city-
slicker kept eyeing the lady, and finally he leaned forward and said,
"Lady, I'll give you $10 for a blow job."  The Texas gentleman looked
appalled, pulled out his pistol, and killed the city-slicker on the
spot.  The lady gasped and said, "Thank you, suh, for defendin' mah
honor!"  Whereupon the Texan holstered his gun and said, "Your honor,
hell!  No tenderfoot is gonna raise the price of women in Texas!"


Pardon this fortune.  Database under reconstruction.


If all else fails, immortality can always be assured by spectacular error.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


GAY:
	One who'd rather swish than fight.


What is important is food, money and opportunities for scoring off one's
enemies.  Give a man these three things and you won't hear much squawking
out of him.
		-- Brian O'Nolan, "The Best of Myles"


"It's always the same," the girl sighed to her roommate after returning
in the wee, small hours.  "Afterward, I feel so compromised, so cheap, so
soiled... so absolutely wonderful from head to toe!"


Some of you ... may have decided that, this year, you're going to
celebrate it the old-fashioned way, with your family sitting around
stringing cranberries and exchanging humble, handmade gifts, like on
"The Waltons".  Well, you can forget it.  If everybody pulled that kind
of subversive stunt, the economy would collapse overnight.  The
government would have to intervene: it would form a cabinet-level
Department of Holiday Gift-Giving, which would spend billions and
billions of tax dollars to buy Barbie dolls and electronic games, which
it would drop on the populace from Air Force jets, killing and maiming
thousands.  So, for the good of the nation, you should go along with
the Holiday Program.  This means you should get a large sum of money
and go to a mall.
		-- Dave Barry, "Christmas Shopping: A Survivor's Guide"


Work is the curse of the drinking classes.
		-- Mike Romanoff


Johnny Carson's Definition:
	The smallest interval of time known to man is that which occurs
	in Manhattan between the traffic signal turning green and the
	taxi driver behind you blowing his horn.


There is a certain impertinence in allowing oneself to be burned for an
opinion.
		-- Anatole France


If all be true that I do think,
There be five reasons why one should drink;
Good friends, good wine, or being dry,
Or lest we should be by-and-by,
Or any other reason why.


The world is not octal despite DEC.


ONE THING KIDS LIKE is to be tricked.  For instance, I was going to take
my little nephew to Disneyland, but instead I drove him to a burned-out
warehouse.  "Oh, oh," I said.  "Disneyland burned down."  He cried and
cried, but I think that deep down he thought it was a pretty good joke.

I started to drive over to the real Disneyland, but it was getting pretty
late.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Why not go out on a limb?
Isn't that where the fruit is?


	A Mexican and a Texan worked together for a construction firm, and,
while they were good friends, they had a friendly rivalry over whose wife
was the better cook.  One weekend, as the Texan's wife was out of town, the
Mexican invited the Texan to have supper with his family.
	The Texan accepted, and that evening sat down to some the best stew
that he had ever eaten.
	"Damn!  That stew is fantastic!" he exclaimed to his host.  "What
kind of meat is it?"
	"Rabbeet stew," replied the Mexican.
	"Rabbit?" replied the Texan. "There aren't any rabbits around here."
	"Si, my freend, the rabbeets make the beeg noise, and I shoot theem."
	"Rabbits don't make any noise..."
	"Si, my freend, they say meeyow, meeyow!"


Gnagloot, n.:
	A person who leaves all his ski passes on his jacket just to
	impress people.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


I go on working for the same reason a hen goes on laying eggs.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Unprovided with original learning, unformed in the habits of thinking,
unskilled in the arts of composition, I resolved to write a book.
		-- Edward Gibbon


Intellect annuls Fate.
So far as a man thinks, he is free.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


	"I need a camel that can go without water for at least three weeks,"
the American said to an Algerian camel merchant.  "Is it possible?"
	"All things are possible," replied the merchant.  He proceeded to
take a camel out of his barn and lead him to a tank of water.  After the
camel had drunk its fill and was about to lift its head out of the tank,
the merchant picked up two nearby bricks, one in each hand, stepped behind
the camel, and smacked his testicles with the bricks.
	The camel let out a gigantic "Whhoooosh!" and sucked up what seemed
like twenty more gallons of water.
	The American stared incredulously at the camel merchant.  "My God,
man!" he exclaimed, "doesn't that hurt?!"
	The merchant shrugged.  "Only if you get your thumbs in between the
bricks."


Everyone who comes in here wants three things:
	1. They want it quick.
	2. They want it good.
	3. They want it cheap.
I tell 'em to pick two and call me back.
		-- sign on the back wall of a small printing company


Gilbert's Discovery:
	Any attempt to use the new super glues results in the two pieces
	sticking to your thumb and index finger rather than to each other.


One advantage of talking to yourself is that you know at least
somebody's listening.
		-- Franklin P. Jones


355/113 --
	Not the famous irrational number PI, but an incredible simulation.


System going down at 5 this afternoon to install scheduler bug.


A woman must be a cute, cuddly, naive little thing -- tender, sweet,
and stupid.
		-- Adolf Hitler


The plot was designed in a light vein that somehow became varicose.
		-- David Lardner


If you stew apples like cranberries,
they taste more like prunes than rhubarb does.
		-- Groucho Marx


I go the way that Providence dictates.
		-- Adolf Hitler


People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves.


Here is the fact of the week, maybe even the fact of the month.  According
to probably reliable sources, the Coca-Cola people are experiencing severe
marketing anxiety in China.

The words "Coca-Cola" translate into Chinese as either (depending on the
inflection) "wax-fattened mare" or "bite the wax tadpole".

Bite the wax tadpole.  There is a sort of rough justice, is there not?

The trouble with this fact, as lovely as it is, is that it's hard to get
a whole column out of it.  I'd like to teach the world to bite a wax
tadpole.  Coke -- it's the real wax-fattened mare.  Not bad, but broad
satiric vistas do not open up.
		-- John Carrol, San Francisco Chronicle


Keep cool, but don't freeze.
		-- Hellman's Mayonnaise


Never say "Oops" in an operating room.


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Man:

 1. A beer NEVER leaves the toilet seat up.
 2. A beer lasts longer than seven seconds.
 3. A beer doesn't want to watch pro wrestling.
 4. A beer won't expect you to cook dinner when you're not hungry.
 5. A beer will never leave dirty socks on the floor.
 6. A beer doesn't mind when your mother visits.
 7. A beer does as many chores as a man, with a LOT less complaining.
 8. A beer won't leave you for a younger woman.
 9. A beer won't leave you for a younger man either.
10. A beer won't tease you because you once liked Barry Manilow.


The verdict of a jury is the a priori opinion of that juror who smokes
the worst cigars.
		-- H. L. Mencken


All of the true things I am about to tell you are shameless lies.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., "The Book of Bokonon"


Nullum magnum ingenium sine mixtura dementiae fuit.
		-- Seneca


Largest Number of Driving Test Failures
	By April 1970 Mrs. Miriam Hargrave had failed her test thirty-nine
times.  In the eight preceding years she had received two hundred and
twelve driving lessons at a cost of L300.  She set the new record while
driving triumphantly through a set of red traffic lights in Wakefield,
Yorkshire.  Disappointingly, she passed at the fortieth attempt (3 August
1970) but eight years later she showed some of her old magic when she was
reported as saying that she still didn't like doing right-hand turns.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


You auto buy now.


Man 1:	Ask me.  "What is the most important thing about telling a good
	joke?"

Man 2:	OK, what is the most impo --

Man 1:	_T_I_M_I_N_G!


America is a large, friendly dog in a very small room.  Every time it
wags its tail, it knocks over a chair.
		-- Arnold Joseph Toynbee


All of us should treasure his Oriental wisdom and his preaching of a
Zen-like detachment, as exemplified by his constant reminder to clerks,
tellers, or others who grew excited by his presence in their banks:
"Just lie down on the floor and keep calm."
		-- Robert Wilson, "John Dillinger Died for You"


The people sensible enough to give
good advice are usually sensible enough to give none.


Politics and the fate of mankind are formed by men without ideals and
without greatness. Those who have greatness within them do not go in
for politics.
		-- Albert Camus


Never trust an automatic pistol or a D.A.'s deal.
		-- John Dillinger


The Phone Booth Rule:
	A lone dime always gets the number nearly right.


You will be divorced within a year.


Women in love consist of a little sighing, a little
crying, a little dying -- and a good deal of lying.
		-- Ansey


All the world's a stage and most of us are desperately un-rehearsed.
		-- Sean O'Casey


You will think of something funnier than this to add to the fortunes.


Kansas, where the men are men, the sheep
are scared and the women are grateful.


Make war not sex.  (It's safer.)


Year, n.:
	A period of three hundred and sixty-five disappointments.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


If you suspect a man, don't employ him.


If you can't learn to do it well, learn to enjoy doing it badly.


The college graduate is presented with a sheepskin to cover his
intellectual nakedness.
		-- Robert M. Hutchins


Please help keep the world clean: others may wish to use it.


Let a Field Service Engineer put it in.


You and I as individuals can, by borrowing, live beyond our means, but
only for a limited period of time.  Why should we think that collectively,
as a nation, we are not bound by that same limitation?
		-- Ronald Reagan


You better believe that marijuana can cause castration.  Just suppose
your girlfriend gets the munchies!


To err is human -- but it feels divine.
		-- Mae West


Two men were standing around talking while nearby a large German Shepherd
lay licking his balls.  One man says to the other, "Damn, I wish I could
do that."
	The other man replies, "Well, it's okay by me, but I think you
ought to get to know him a little first."


The purpose of Physics 7A is to make the engineers realize that they're
not perfect, and to make the rest of the people realize that they're not
engineers.


It is not enough to have a good mind.
The main thing is to use it well.
		-- Rene Descartes


Those who claim the dead never return
to life haven't ever been around here at quitting time.


Don't eat yellow snow.


TRANSVESTITE:
	Someone who spends his junior year at college abroad.


There's more than one way to skin a cat:
	#27 -- Use an electric sander.


It is one of the superstitions of the human mind
to have imagined that virginity could be a virtue.
		-- Voltaire


It is said an Eastern monarch once charged his wise men to invent him a
sentence to be ever in view, and which should be true and appropriate
in all times and situations.  They presented him the words: "And this,
too, shall pass away."
		-- Abraham Lincoln


The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard.


Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.
		-- Alan Watts


After Joan and Max had been married for 25 years, Max became disinterested
in sex, and his libido began to wan dramatically.  In desperation, Joan
hauled him to a marriage counselor, who listened patiently to Joan's complaints
and Max's protestations.  Max claimed that he was being nagged unmercifully
to fulfill Joan's needs, and that after awhile every marriage tended to
become less physical.  Joan said that that wasn't true and that she had
needs and desires that he, as her husband, was expected to fulfill.  Finally,
the counselor issued the verdict. "Max," he said, "Everybody has to give a
little for a marriage to work.  From now on, no matter how you feel at the
time, you must give Joan her conjugal rights at least semi-annually.  And,
remember, do it in a loving, considerate manner; after all, you and your
wife are a partnership of love."  Joan was delighted, and floated out of the
counselor's offices.  On the way downstairs, she nudged Max.
	"So, honey, tell me... how many times a week is semi-annually?"


Virginia law forbids bathtubs in the house; tubs must be kept in the
yard.


Show me a man who is a good loser and I'll show you a man who is
playing golf with his boss.


Man 1:	Ask me.  "What is the most important thing about telling a good
	joke?"

Man 2:	OK, what is the most impo --

Man 1:	_T_I_M_I_N_G!


667 -- The neighbor of the beast.


When my brain begins to reel from my
literary labors, I make an occasional cheese dip.
		-- Ignatius Reilly


You must include all income you receive in the form of money, property
and services if it is not specifically exempt.  Report property (goods)
and services at their fair market values.  Examples include income from
bartering or swapping transactions, side commissions, kickbacks, rent
paid in services, illegal activities (such as stealing, drugs, etc.),
cash skimming by proprietors and tradesmen, "moonlighting" services,
gambling, prizes and awards.  Not reporting such income can lead to
prosecution for perjury and fraud.
		-- Excerpt from Taxachussettes income tax forms


Can you buy friendship?  You not only can, you must.  It's the
only way to obtain friends.  Everything worthwhile has a price.
		-- Robert J. Ringer


Like all young men, you greatly exaggerate
the difference between one young woman and another.
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "Major Barbara"


The most happy marriage I can imagine to myself would be the union
of a deaf man to a blind woman.
		-- Samuel T. Coleridge


Why my thoughts are my own, when they are in, but when they are out they
are another's.
		-- Susanna Martin, executed for witchcraft, 1681


If people concentrated on the really important things in life,
there'd be a shortage of fishing poles.
		-- Doug Larson


If there is a sin against life, it consists perhaps not so much in despairing
of life as in hoping for another life and in eluding the implacable grandeur
of this life.
		-- Albert Camus


Well, he didn't know what to do, so he decided to look at the government,
to see what they did, and scale it down and run his life that way.
		-- Laurie Anderson


Oh what a tangled web we weave, when first we practice to deceive.
		-- William Shakespeare


	This is where the bloodthirsty license agreement is supposed to go,
explaining that Interactive EasyFlow is a copyrighted package licensed for
use by a single person, and sternly warning you not to pirate copies of it
and explaining, in detail, the gory consequences if you do.
	We know that you are an honest person, and are not going to go around
pirating copies of Interactive EasyFlow; this is just as well with us since
we worked hard to perfect it and selling copies of it is our only method of
making anything out of all the hard work.
	If, on the other hand, you are one of those few people who do go
around pirating copies of software you probably aren't going to pay much
attention to a license agreement, bloodthirsty or not.  Just keep your doors
locked and look out for the HavenTree attack shark.
		-- License Agreement for Interactive EasyFlow


Frisbeetarianism, n.:
	The belief that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof and
	gets stuck.


All of the animals except man know that
the principal business of life is to enjoy it.


The road to Hades is easy to travel.
		-- Bion


If they were so inclined, they could impeach
him because they don't like his necktie.
		-- Attorney General William Saxbe


