I don't give a shit what happens.  I want you all to stonewall it.  Let
them plead the Fifth Amendment, cover up, or anything else if it'll save
the plan.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Each man is his own prisoner, in solitary confinement for life.


Did you hear about the new sorority girl doll?
You put a ring on her finger and her hips expand.


[FORTRAN] will persist for some time --
probably for at least the next decade.
		-- T. Cheatham


Don't look now -- your office mate is a pederast!!!


History repeats itself -- the first time as a tragi-comedy, the second
time as bedroom farce.


...we must not judge the society of the future by considering whether or not
we should like to live in it; the question is whether those who have grown up
in it will be happier than those who have grown up in our society or those of
the past.
		-- Joseph Wood Krutch


The heaviest object in the world is the
body of the woman you have ceased to love.
		-- Marquis de Lac de Clapiers Vauvenargues


Remember folks.  Street lights timed for 35 MPH are also timed for 70 MPH.
		-- Jim Samuels


Did you hear that two rabbits escaped from the zoo and so far they have
only recaptured 116 of them?


Of all the animals, the boy is the most unmanageable.
		-- Plato


A candidate is a person who gets money from the rich
and votes from the poor to protect them from each other.


Goose pimples rose all over me, my hair stood on end, my eyes filled with
tears of love and gratitude for this greatest of all conquerors of human
misery and shame, and my breath came in little gasps.  If I had not known
that the Leader would have scorned such adulation, I might have fallen to
my knees in unashamed worship, but instead I drew myself to attention, raised
my arm in the eternal salute of the ancient Roman Legions and repeated the
holy words, "Heil Hitler!"
		-- George Lincoln Rockwell


	An Aggie was appointed ambassador to Japan.  Two weeks before
officially reporting to the embassy, he went from geisha house to geisha
house.  While making love to a geisha girl, he heard her repeat, "Yaki-san,
yaki-san."
	Right away the Aggie thought to himself, "I've learned my first
Japanese word.  It must be an expression of joy."
	When he reported to the embassy, he received his first assignment,
which was to escort the prime minister of Japan around the golf course.
After having played a couple of holes, the prime minister teed-off and made
a hole-in-one.  The prime minister jumped up and down shouting, "Bonsai!
Bonsai!"
	Quickly, thinking that this was the perfect chance to show off the
new Japanese word that he'd learned, the Aggie exclaimed, "Yaki-san,
yaki-san!"
	The prime minister turned to the Aggie in surprise and exclaimed,
"What do you mean, wrong hole?"


Peace be to this house, and all that dwell in it.


Carney's Law: There's at least a 50-50 chance that someone will print
the name Craney incorrectly.
		-- Jim Canrey


Tact, n.:
	The unsaid part of what you're thinking.


That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love,
that no one could have loved so before us, and that no one will love
in the same way as us.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Love is dope, not chicken soup.  I mean, love is something to be passed
around freely, not spooned down someone's throat for their own good by a
Jewish mother who cooked it all by herself.


He's got the heart of a little child,
and he keeps it in a jar on his desk.


It's not reality or how you perceive things that's important -- it's
what you're taking for it...


Dry fucking: that's man on top of woman, the action is the same as fucking,
but you're dressed.  It's great for the girl... you're hitting and rubbing
exactly the area that you ought to be... I still like that.
		-- Grace Slick


The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard.


Seems like this guy is hitting up on a woman in a bar.  After assiduously
pursuing her for several minutes, she leans forward and tells him that he's
a nice guy and all that, but, well, that she's a lesbian.  Confused, he asks
her what that means.
	"Well," she replies, "you see that woman at the corner table?"
	"Yeah..."
	"I'd like to walk over to her, and unbottom her blouse."
	"Yeah..."
	"And then I'd like to kiss her and suck on her nipples... and
then I'd like to take off her skirt... and run my hand over her thighs..."
	"Right!  Right!" interrupts the guy.  "I think I'm a lesbian too!"


You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
		-- Indira Gandhi


...that the notions of "hardware", and "software" should be extended by
the notion of LIVEWARE - being that which produces software for use on
hardware.  This produces an obvious extension to the concept of MONITORS.
A liveware monitor is a person dedicated to the task of ensuring that the
liveware does not interfere with the real-time processes, invoking the
REAL-TIME EXECUTIONER to delete liveware that adversely affects ...
		-- Linden and Wihelminalaan


They have their datasheets translated from Korean into English by
Russians with Greek->German dictionaries
		-- Philip Paeps, on modern hardware documentation


It seems like the less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the
flag.


The answer is that libdialog, the library on which sysinstall depends
for these menus, is genuinely evil.  It is the unloved, satanic
bastard child of multiple parents and torturing users like yourself
constitutes the only joy in life it has left.  Its source files are
all chmod'd 0666 and dire README files warn against trespass by
neophyte programmers.  It is the 7th gate of Hell.  It makes the baby
Jesus cry.  Were libdialog given anthropomorphic representation, it
would be promptly burnt at the stake and its ashes scattered in the
desert, to be then doused with holy water from altitude by
fire-fighting aircraft.

		-- Jordan K. Hubbard on the evils of libdialog


Hewett's Observation:
	The rudeness of a bureaucrat is inversely proportional to his or
	her position in the governmental hierarchy and to the number of
	peers similarly engaged.


A man's house is his hassle.


The right half of the brain controls the left half of the body.
This means that only left handed people are in their right mind.


The possession of a book becomes a substitute for reading it.
		-- Anthony Burgess


"These are DARK TIMES for all mankind's HIGHEST VALUES!"
"These are DARK TIMES for FREEDOM and PROSPERITY!"
"These are GREAT TIMES to put your money on BAD GUY to kick the CRAP
out of MEGATON MAN!"


From the crystal swirling waters,
Of the Rio Amazon,
To the sacred halls of Bayonne,
Where we stand pajamas on.	(It's the only thing that rhymes.)
From ev'ry hallowed venue,
Ev'ry forest, mount and vale,
Your butt is on the menu
And the check is in the mail.
		-- The Piranha Club Anthem, to the tune of "De Camptown Races"


Advertising is a valuable economic factor because it is the cheapest
way of selling goods, particularly if the goods are worthless.
		-- Sinclair Lewis


Post proelium, praemium.
[After the battle, the reward.]


Bug, n.:
	A son of a glitch.


SPINSTER:
	A bachelor's wife.


	One day a student came to Moon and said, "I understand how to make
a better garbage collector.  We must keep a reference count of the pointers
to each cons."
	Moon patiently told the student the following story -- "One day a
student came to Moon and said, "I understand how to make a better garbage
collector..."


Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.


Rule #1:
	The Boss is always right.

Rule #2:
	If the Boss is wrong, see Rule #1.


I suppose that in a few hours I will sober up. That's such a sad
thought. I think I'll have a few more drinks to prepare myself.


I think she must have been very strictly brought up, she's so
desperately anxious to do the wrong thing correctly.
		-- H. H. Munro, a.k.a. Saki, "Reginald on Worries"


When I first arrived in this country I had only fifteen cents in my pocket
and a willingness to compromise.
		-- Weber cartoon caption


A small town that cannot support one lawyer can always support two.


	A group of soldiers being prepared for a practice landing on a tropical
island were warned of the one danger the island held, a poisonous snake that
could be readily identified by its alternating orange and black bands.  They
were instructed, should they find one of these snakes, to grab the tail end of
the snake with one hand and slide the other hand up the body of the snake to
the snake's head.  Then, forcefully, bend the thumb above the snake's head
downward to break the snake's spine.  All went well for the landing, the
charge up the beach, and the move into the jungle.  At one foxhole site, two
men were starting to dig and wondering what had happened to their partner.
Suddenly he staggered out of the underbrush, uniform in shreds, covered with
blood.  He collapsed to the ground.  His buddies were so shocked they could
only blurt out, "What happened?"
	"I ran from the beachhead to the edge of the jungle, and, as I hit the
ground, I saw an orange and black striped snake right in front of me.  I
grabbed its tail end with my left hand.  I placed my right hand above my left
hand.  I held firmly with my left hand and slid my right hand up the body of
the snake.  When I reached the head of the snake I flicked my right thumb down
to break the snake's spine... did you ever goose a tiger?"


Obscenity is the crutch of inarticulate motherfuckers.


Your life would be very empty if you had nothing to regret.


There was a young man hitchhiking along a road one day.  A car stopped and the
driver opened the door and asked, "What political party are you with?"
	He replied, "Why, I'm a Democrat."
	And the driver slammed the door and rode off.  The guy was pretty
discouraged when another car came along, and the driver asked the same
question.
	The guy answered, "Uh, I'm a Democrat."
	And again, the driver slammed the door and rode off.  Now he was
downright confused when another car came along.  The driver was an attractive
lady, and she asked the same question.
	He answered: "I'm a Republican."
	And she answered, "Well, then, hop on in."
	They drove on for a few minutes when he began to notice that her
skirt was beginning to get hiked up on her thighs.  Finally, he couldn't take
it any more, and said "Ma'am, stop the car and let me out.  I've only been
a Republican for 15 minutes, and already I feel like screwing someone!"


When they tell me to stick it where
the sun don't shine, I put it in Oregon.


If you knew what to say next, would you say it?


Do you think your mother and I should have lived
comfortably so long together if ever we had been married?


Down to the Banana Republics,
Down to the tropical sun.
Go the expatriated Americans,
Hoping to find some fun.
Some of them go for the sailing,
Caught by the lure of the sea.
Trying to find what is ailing,
Living in the land of the free.
Some of them are running from lovers,
Leaving no forward address.
Some of them are running tons of ganja,
Some are running from the IRS.
Late at night you will find them,
In the cheap hotels and bars.
Hustling the senoritas,
While they dance beneath the stars.
		-- Jimmy Buffet, "Banana Republics"


Long computations which yield zero are probably all for naught.


When the wind is great, bow before it;
when the wind is heavy, yield to it.


		OUTCONERR
Twas FORTRAN as the doloop goes
	Did logzerneg the ifthen block
All kludgy were the function flows
	And subroutines adhoc.

Beware the runtime-bug my friend
	squrooneg, the false goto
Beware the infiniteloop
	And shun the inprectoo.


Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt.
		-- Herbert Hoover


While anyone can admit to themselves they were
wrong, the true test is admission to someone else.


When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


A genius is a queer who can whistle while he works.
		-- Bobby Knight


Keep a diary and one day it'll keep you.
		-- Mae West


If a camel is a horse designed by a committee, then a consensus forecast
is a camel's behind.
		-- Edgar R. Fiedler


Substitute "damn" every time you're inclined to write "very"; your
editor will delete it and the writing will be just as it should be.
		-- Mark Twain


God is love, but get it in writing.
		-- Gypsy Rose Lee


You should avoid hedging, at least that's what I think.


Oatmeal raisin.


If puns were deli meat, this would be the wurst.


GEMINI (May 21 - June 20)
	A day to take the initiative.  Put the garbage out, for
	instance, and pick up the stuff at the dry cleaners.  Watch
	the mail carefully, although there won't be anything good
	in it today, either.


We had it tough ... I had to get up at 9 o'clock at night, half an
hour before I went to bed, eat a lump of dry poison, work 29 hours down
mill, and when we came home our Dad would kill us, and dance about on
our grave singing Hallelujah ...
		-- Monty Python


When you're lying on the bed,
And the thought is in your head,
But the feeling is way down between your legs,
Take your problem in your hand,
And beat it to the band,
And try your best to keep it off the walls.

Don't let your lover tell you,
Don't let anybody sell you,
That the joy of masturbation is a crime.
For I've rid myself of fears,
(I've been doing it for years)
And now I have an erection all the time.


	Stop!  Whoever crosseth the bridge of Death, must answer first
these questions three, ere the other side he see!

	"What is your name?"
	"Sir Brian of Bell."
	"What is your quest?"
	"I seek the Holy Grail."
	"What are four lowercase letters that are not legal flag arguments
to the Berkeley UNIX version of `ls'?"
	"I, er.... AIIIEEEEEE!"


... proper attention to Earthly needs of the poor, the depressed and the
downtrodden, would naturally evolve from dynamic, articulate, spirited
awareness of the great goals for Man and the society he conspired to erect.
		-- David Baker, paraphrasing Harold Urey, in
		   "The History of Manned Space Flight"


Life is a gamble at terrible odds, if it was a bet you wouldn't take it.
		-- Tom Stoppard, "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead"


The other day I put instant coffee in my microwave oven ... I almost
went back in time.
		-- Steven Wright


There are few people more often in the wrong
than those who cannot endure to be thought so.


You must dine in our cafeteria.
You can eat dirt cheap there!!!!


A wizard cannot do everything; a fact most magicians are reticent to admit,
let alone discuss with prospective clients.  Still, the fact remains that
there are certain objects, and people, that are, for one reason or another,
completely immune to any direct magical spell.  It is for this group of
beings that the magician learns the subtleties of using indirect spells.
It also does no harm, in dealing with these matters, to carry a large club
near your person at all times.
		-- The Teachings of Ebenezum, Volume VIII


A woman can look both moral and exciting -- if she also looks as if it
were quite a struggle.
		-- Edna Ferber


I recognize terror as the finest emotion and so I will try to terrorize the
reader.  But if I find that I cannot terrify, I will try to horrify, and if
I find that I cannot horrify, I'll go for the gross-out.
		-- Stephen King


	Now she speaks rapidly.  "Do you know *why* you want to program?"
	He shakes his head.  He hasn't the faintest idea.
	"For the sheer *joy* of programming!" she cries triumphantly.
"The joy of the parent, the artist, the craftsman.  "You take a program,
born weak and impotent as a dimly-realized solution.  You nurture the
program and guide it down the right path, building, watching it grow ever
stronger.  Sometimes you paint with tiny strokes, a keystroke added here,
a keystroke changed there."  She sweeps her arm in a wide arc.  "And other
times you savage whole *blocks* of code, ripping out the program's very
*essence*, then beginning anew.  But always building, creating, filling the
program with your own personal stamp, your own quirks and nuances.  Watching
the program grow stronger, patching it when it crashes, until finally it can
stand alone -- proud, powerful, and perfect.  This is the programmer's finest
hour!"  Softly at first, then louder, he hears the strains of a Sousa march.
"This ... this is your canvas! your clay!  Go forth and create a masterwork!"


If you just try long enough and hard enough, you can always manage to boot
yourself in the posterior.
		-- A. J. Liebling, "The Press"


Repartee is something we think of twenty-four hours too late.
		-- Mark Twain


QUESTION AUTHORITY.

(Sez who?)


Old Mother Hubbard lived in a shoe,
She had so many children,
She didn't know what to do.
So she moved to Atlanta.


They took some of the Van Goghs, most
of the jewels, and all of the Chivas!


Dear Abby:
	I just met the most terrific girl and we get along fabulously.  I
think she's the one for me.  There's just one problem: I can't remember
from our first date if she told me she had TB or VD.  What should I do?
			-- Confused

Dear Confused:
	If she coughs, fuck her.


This sad little lizard told me that he was a brontosaurus on his
mother's side.  I did not laugh; people who boast of ancestry
often have little else to sustain them.  Humoring them costs nothing and
adds happiness in a world in which happiness is always in short supply.
		-- Lazarus Long


Wait for that wisest of all counselors, Time.
		-- Pericles


I am a deeply superficial person.
		-- Andy Warhol


Whip it, baby.
Whip it right.
Whip it, baby.
Whip it all night!


The person who makes no mistakes does not usually make anything.


Let your conscience be your guide.
		-- Pope


Nothing is faster than the speed of light.

To prove this to yourself, try opening the
refrigerator door before the light comes on.


Fifth Law of Procrastination:
	Procrastination avoids boredom; one never has the feeling that
there is nothing important to do.


The reason it's called "Grape Nuts" is that it contains "dextrose",
which is also sometimes called "grape sugar", and also because "Grape
Nuts" is catchier, in terms of marketing, than "A Cross Between Gerbil
Food and Gravel", which is what it tastes like.
		-- Dave Barry, "Tips for Writer's"


You are farsighted, a good planner,
an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.


If all these sweet young things were laid end-to-end, I wouldn't be a
bit surprised.
		-- Dorothy Parker


CANCER (June 21 - July 22)
	This is a good time for those of you who are rich and happy,
	but a poor time for those of you born under this sign who are
	poor and unhappy.  To tell you the truth, any day is tough
	when you're poor and unhappy.


The Almighty in His infinite wisdom did not see
fit to create Frenchmen in the image of Englishmen.
		-- Winston Churchill, 1942


Two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.


The three faithful things in life are money, a dog and an old woman.


Driving in Texas is simple.  For the first 100 miles you swerve to
avoid jackrabbits.  For the second 100 miles you hit whatever
jackrabbits get in the way.  After that you chase off into the
brush after them.


No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
		-- Eleanor Roosevelt


DYSLEXICS OF THE WORLD, UNTIE!


People who push both buttons should get their wish.


... If forced to travel on an airplane, try and get in the cabin with
the Captain, so you can keep an eye on him and nudge him if he falls
asleep or point out any mountains looming up ahead ...
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


QED.


Misfortune, n.:
	The kind of fortune that never misses.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Do not rejoice in his defeat, you men,
For though the world stood up
And stopped the bastard,
The bitch that bore him is in heat again.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


You would if you could but you can't so you won't.


