Better late than never.
		-- Titus Livius (Livy)


Graduate students and most professors are
no smarter than undergrads.  They're just older.


Rules for driving in New York:
	1) Anything done while honking your horn is legal.
	2) You may park anywhere if you turn your four-way flashers on.
	3) A red light means the next six cars may go through the
		intersection.


One is not superior merely because one sees the world as odious.
		-- Chateaubriand (1768-1848)


Men often believe -- or pretend -- that the "Law" is something sacred, or
at least a science -- an unfounded assumption very convenient to governments.


	One of my favorite Zoo jokes has to do with a woman who, while
visiting the zoo, decided to have a little fun with the Gorilla.  She walks
up to his cage, reaches in, and begins to fondle the beast.  Needless to
say, the animal becomes quite excited, and as he tries to reciprocate in
kind, the woman steps back and gives him a raspberry...!
	The gorilla becomes enraged.  He rips the bars from his cage, grabs
the woman, drags her back into the cage, and ravishes her.  While doing so,
he inflicts a great deal of harm upon her person.
	Later, at the hospital, a neighbor of the woman visits and exclaims,
"Oh, you poor dear...!  Are you hurt?"
	"Hurt!", "Hurt!?" the injured lady sobs, "He doesn't phone.  He
never writes..."


Real Users never know what they want, but they always know when your
program doesn't deliver it.


Just because everything is different doesn't mean anything has changed.
		-- Irene Peter


In California they don't throw their garbage away -- they make
it into television shows.
		-- Woody Allen, "Annie Hall"


I do enjoy a good long walk -- especially when my wife takes one.


'Tis more blessed to give than receive; for example, wedding presents.
		-- H. L. Mencken


With a bushel of apples, you can have
a hell of a time with the doctor's wife.


Hearts will never be practical until they can be made unbreakable.
		-- Frank Morgan as The Wizard, "The Wizard of Oz"


Life is not a cabaret.
It's a fucking circus.


I go on working for the same reason a hen goes on laying eggs.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Work like hell, tell everyone everything you know, close a deal with
a handshake, and have fun.
		-- Harold "Doc" Edgerton, summing up his life's philosophy,
		   shortly before dying at the age of 86.


Sanity is the trademark of a weak mind.
		-- Mark Harrold


Remember, even if you win the rat race -- you're still a rat.


Do not permit a woman to ask forgiveness, for that is only the first
step.  The second is justification of herself by accusation of you.
		-- DeGourmont


Tell a man there are 300 billion stars in the universe and he'll
believe you.  Tell him a bench has wet paint on it and he'll have
to touch to be sure.


Impartial, adj.:
	Unable to perceive any promise of personal advantage from
	espousing either side of a controversy or adopting either of two
	conflicting opinions.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


A student, in hopes of understanding the Lambda-nature, came to Greenblatt.
As they spoke a Multics system hacker walked by.  "Is it true", asked the
student, "that PL-1 has many of the same data types as Lisp?"  Almost before
the student had finished his question, Greenblatt shouted, "FOO!", and hit
the student with a stick.


Slick's Three Laws of the Universe:
	1)  Nothing in the known universe travels faster than a bad check.
	2)  A quarter-ounce of chocolate = four pounds of fat.
	3)  There are two types of dirt:  the dark kind, which is
	    attracted to light objects, and the light kind, which is
	    attracted to dark objects.


TRANSVESTITE:
	Someone who spends his junior year at college abroad.


There is Good Information and there is Bad Information and the
Internet is generally pretty neutral about the difference. If you're
a computer, it's all just 0s and 1s.
		-- Joel Achenbach


Once, I read that a man be never stronger
than when he truly realizes how weak he is.
		-- Jim Starlin, "Captain Marvel #31"


Oh give me your pity!
I'm on a committee,			We attend and amend
Which means that from morning		And contend and defend
	to night,			Without a conclusion in sight.

We confer and concur,
We defer and demur,			We revise the agenda
And reiterate all of our thoughts.	With frequent addenda
					And consider a load of reports.

We compose and propose,
We suppose and oppose,			But though various notions
And the points of procedure are fun;	Are brought up as motions,
					There's terribly little gets done.

We resolve and absolve;
But we never dissolve,
Since it's out of the question for us
To bring our committee
To end like this ditty,
Which stops with a period, thus.
		-- Leslie Lipson, "The Committee"


When a cow laughs, does milk come out of its nose?


Every young man should have a hobby: learning how to handle money is
the best one.
		-- Jack Hurley


Real programs don't eat cache.


	A young honeymoon couple were touring southern Florida and happened
to stop at one of the rattlesnake farms along the road.  After seeing the
sights, they engaged in small talk with the man that handled the snakes.
"Gosh!" exclaimed the new bride.  "You certainly have a dangerous job.
Don't you ever get bitten by the snakes?"
	"Yes, upon rare occasions," answered the handler.
	"Well," she continued, "just what do you do when you're bitten by
a snake?"
	"I always carry a razor-sharp knife in my pocket, and as soon as I
am bitten, I make deep criss-cross marks across the fang entry and then
suck the poison from the wound."
	"What, uh... what would happen if you were to accidentally *sit* on
a rattler?" persisted the woman.
	"Ma'am," answered the snake handler, "that will be the day I learn
who my real friends are."


FORTUNE'S GUIDE TO DEALING WITH REAL-LIFE SCIENCE FICTION: #6
What to do...
    if a starship, equipped with an FTL hyperdrive lands in your backyard?
	First of all, do not run after your camera.  You will not have any
	film, and, given the state of computer animation, noone will believe
	you anyway.  Be polite.  Remember, if they have an FTL hyperdrive,
	they can probably vaporize you, should they find you to be rude.
	Direct them to the White House lawn, which is where they probably
	wanted to land, anyway.  A good road map should help.

    if you wake up in the middle of the night, and discover that your
    closet contains an alternate dimension?
	Don't walk in.  You almost certainly will not be able to get back,
	and alternate dimensions are almost never any fun.  Remain calm
	and go back to bed.  Close the door first, so that the cat does not
	wander off.  Check your closet in the morning.  If it still contains
	an alternate dimension, nail it shut.


This Fortue Examined By INSPECTOR NO. 2-14


If man is only a little lower than the angels, the angels should reform.
		-- Mary Wilson Little


I am convinced that the manufacturers of carpet odor removing powder
have included encapsulated time released cat urine in their products.
This technology must be what prevented its distribution during my mom's
reign.  My carpet smells like piss, and I don't have a cat.  Better go
buy some more.
		-- timw@zeb.USWest.COM


When the going gets tough, the tough go grab a beer.


The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher
esteem those who think alike than those who think differently.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Old timer, n.:
	One who remembers when charity was a virtue and not an organization.


Q:	How can you tell if an elephant is sitting on your back
	in a hurricane?
A:	You can hear his ears flapping in the wind.


    ***
  *******
 *********
 ****** Confucius say: "Is stuffy inside fortune cookie."
  *******
    ***


I'll be comfortable on the couch.  Famous last words.
		-- Lenny Bruce


A man was griping to his friend about how he hated to go home after a
late card games.
	"You wouldn't believe what I go through to avoid waking my wife,"
he said.  "First, I kill the engine a block away from the house and coast
into the garage.  Then I open the door slowly, take off my shoes, and
tiptoe to our room.  But just as I'm about to slide into bed, she always
wakes up and gives me hell."
	"I make a big racket when I go home," his friend replied.
	"You do?"
	"Sure.  I honk the horn, slam the door, turn on all the lights,
stomp up to the bedroom and give my wife a big kiss.  `Hi, Alice,' I say.
`How about a little smooch for your old man?'"
	"And what does she say?" his friend asked in disbelief.
	"She doesn't say anything," his buddy replied.  "She always pretends
she's asleep."


John Paul II is famous for his touring, and his quaint habit of pressing
his lips to foreign soil on his arrival.  This sparked some wit to remark:
	"The Pope has it backwards: he kisses the ground, and walks on
the women!"


Aboard the good ship Venus,		The cabin boy, the captain's joy,
The mast it was a penis,		A cunning little nipper,
	Her figurehead				They filled his ass,
	A whore in bed,				With broken glass,
Good grief you should have seen us!	And circumcised the skipper.

The first mate's name was Higgins,	The captain's daughter Mabel,
And Higgins was a biggins,		They screwed when they were able,
	Once round the deck,			They nailed her tits,
	Twice up the mast,			Those nasty shits,
And the rest was used for riggins'!	Right to the captain's table.

The engineer's name was Carter,		The second mate's name was Andy,
And Carter was a farter,		By God, he was a dandy,
	When the wind wouldn't blow,		They broke his cock,
	And the ship couldn't go,		With chunks of rock,
Carter the farter would start her!	For conking in the brandy!


Happiness adds and multiplies as we divide it with others.


There are also a lot of nice buildings in Haiphong.  What their
contributions are to the war effort I don't know, but the desire to
bomb a virgin building is terrific.
		-- Commander Henry Urban, Jr.


This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and
intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to which they
are addressed. If you are not the intended recipient of this
transmission, please delete it immediately.

Obviously, I am the idiot who sent it to you by mistake. Furthermore,
there is no way I can force you to delete it. Worse, by the time you
have reached this disclaimer you have already read the document.
Telling you to forget it would seem absurd. In any event, I have no
legal right to force you to take any action upon this email anyway.

This entire disclaimer is just a waste of everyone's time and
bandwidth. Therefore, let us just forget the whole thing and enjoy a
cold beer instead.
 		-- found on the dovecot mailinglist


Somewhere on this globe, every ten seconds, there is a
woman giving birth to a child.  She must be found and stopped.
		-- Sam Levenson


Be nice to people on the way up, because you'll meet them on your way down.
		-- Wilson Mizner


	Carol's head ached as she trailed behind the unsmiling Calibrees
along the block of booths.  She chirruped at Kennicott, "Let's be wild!
Let's ride on the merry-go-round and grab a gold ring!"
	Kennicott considered it, and mumbled to Calibree, "Think you folks
would like to stop and try a ride on the merry-go-round?"
	Calibree considered it, and mumbled to his wife, "Think you'd like
to stop and try a ride on the merry-go-round?"
	Mrs. Calibree smiled in a washed-out manner, and sighed, "Oh no,
I don't believe I care to much, but you folks go ahead and try it."
	Calibree stated to Kennicott, "No, I don't believe we care to a
whole lot, but you folks go ahead and try it."
	Kennicott summarized the whole case against wildness: "Let's try
it some other time, Carrie."
	She gave it up.
		-- Sinclair Lewis, "Main Street"


Un moine au milieu de la messe		A monk in the middle of mass
S'eleva et cria en detresse;		Stood up and cried out in distress;
	"La vie religieuse,			"The religious life
	C'est sale et affreuse,"		Is dirty and horrid,"
Et se poignarda dans les fesses.	And stabbed himself in the ass.
		-- Edward Gorey


Sometimes, too long is too long.
		-- Joe Crowe


I'm an artist.
But it's not what I really want to do.
What I really want to do is be a shoe salesman.
I know what you're going to say --
"Dreamer!  Get your head out of the clouds."
All right!  But it's what I want to do.
Instead I have to go on painting all day long.

The world should make a place for shoe salesmen.
		-- J. Feiffer


Gold coast slave ship bound for cotton fields
Sold in a market down in New Orleans
Scarred old slaver knows he's doing alright
Hear him whip the women, just around midnight

Ah, brown sugar how come you taste so good?
Ah, brown sugar just like a young girl should

Drums beating cold English blood runs hot
Lady of the house wonderin' where it's gonna stop
House boy knows that he's doing alright
You should a heard him just around midnight.
...
I bet your mama was tent show queen
And all her girlfriends were sweet sixteen
I'm no school boy but I know what I like
You should have heard me just around midnight.
		-- Rolling Stones, "Brown Sugar"


A diplomat is a person who can tell you to go to hell
in such a way that you actually look forward to the trip.
		-- Caskie Stinnett, "Out of the Red"


When in doubt, lead trump.


