	An eighty-year-old woman is rocking away the afternoon on her
porch when she sees an old, tarnished lamp sitting near the steps.  She
picks it up, rubs it gently, and lo and behold a genie appears!  The genie
tells the woman the he will grant her any three wishes her heart desires.
	After a bit of thought, she says, "I wish I were young and
beautiful!"  And POOF!  In a cloud of smoke she becomes a young, beautiful,
voluptuous woman.
	After a little more thought, she says, "I would like to be rich
for the rest of my life."  And POOF!  When the smoke clears, there are
stacks and stacks of money lying on the porch.
	The genie then says, "Now, madam, what is your final wish?"
	"Well," says the woman, "I would like for you to transform my
faithful old cat, whom I have loved dearly for fifteen years, into a young
handsome prince!"
	And with another billow of smoke the cat is changed into a tall,
handsome, young man, with dark hair, dressed in a dashing uniform.
	As they gaze at each other in adoration, the prince leans over to
the woman and whispers into her ear, "Now, aren't you sorry you had me
fixed?"


A sinking ship gathers no moss.
		-- Donald Kaul


Knowledge Engineering:

A combination of:

Engineering, n.:
	The application of science and mathematics by which the properties
of matter and the sources of energy in nature are made useful to man in
structures, machines, products, systems and processes.

and

Knowledge, n.:
	Sexual intercourse.

See also: Prostitution, Grantsmanship.


I had a virgin once.  I had to go to Guatemala for her.  She was blind
in one eye, and she had a stuffed alligator that said, "Welcome to Miami
Beach."
		-- The Stunt Man


Democracy is the worst form of government except all those other
forms that have been tried from time to time.
		-- Winston Churchill


Nothing that's forced can ever be right,
If it doesn't come naturally, leave it.
That's what she said as she turned out the light,
And we bent our backs as slaves of the night,
Then she lowered her guard and showed me the scars
She got from trying to fight
Saying, oh, you'd better believe it.
[...]
Well nothing that's real is ever for free
And you just have to pay for it sometime.
She said it before, she said it to me,
I suppose she believed there was nothing to see,
But the same old four imaginary walls
She'd built for livin' inside
I said oh, you just can't mean it.
[...]
Well nothing that's forced can ever be right,
If it doesn't come naturally, leave it.
That's what she said as she turned out the light,
And she may have been wrong, and she may have been right,
But I woke with the frost, and noticed she'd lost
The veil that covered her eyes,
I said oh, you can leave it.
		-- Al Stewart, "If It Doesn't Come Naturally, Leave It"


In 1880 the French captured Detroit but gave it back ... they couldn't
get parts.


FreeBSD Trivia:
	Did you know that successive security officers take
control by beheading their predecessor?
		-- Robert Watson


Arkansas:
	Where the men are men, so are the women and the sheep run scared.


Friendships last when each friend thinks he has a slight superiority
over the other.
		-- Honore de Balzac


The fashion wears out more apparel than the man.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Much Ado About Nothing"


Love is sentimental measles.


To vacillate or not to vacillate, that is the question ... or is it?


You will be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize... posthumously.


Hi Jimbo.  Dennis.  Really appreciate the help on the income tax.
You wanna help on the audit now?


Are there those in the land of the brave
Who can tell me how I should behave
	When I am disgraced
	Because I erased
A file I intended to save?


If you have to ask how much it is, you can't afford it.


The rights and interests of the laboring man will be protected and cared
for not by our labor agitators, but by the Christian men to whom God in his
infinite wisdom has given control of property interests of the country, and
upon the successful management of which so much remains.
		-- George F. Baer, railroad industrialist


Most people are unable to write because they are unable to think, and
they are unable to think because they congenitally lack the equipment
to do so, just as they congenitally lack the equipment to fly over the
moon.
		-- H. L. Mencken


When you're away, I'm restless, lonely
Wretched, bored, dejected, only
Here's the rub, my darling dear,
I feel the same when you are near.
		-- Samuel Hoffenstein, "Poems in Praise of Practically Nothing"


Lewis's Law of Travel:
	The first piece of luggage out of the
	chute doesn't belong to anyone, ever.


Air, n.:
	A nutritious substance supplied by a bountiful Providence for
	the fattening of the poor.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


You will be honored for contributing
your time and skill to a worthy cause.


I have gained this by philosophy:
that I do without being commanded what others
do only from fear of the law.
		-- Aristotle


USENET would be a better laboratory is there were
more labor and less oratory.
		-- Elizabeth Haley


QOTD:
	"If you're looking for trouble, I can offer you a wide selection."


In West Union, Ohio, No married man can go flying without his spouse
along at any time, unless he has been married for more than 12 months.


Q:	What do you call a group of kids with low IQs, drinking diet cola,
	eating fruit, and singing?
A:	The Moron Tab and Apple Choir.


David Sarnoff, 1964: "The computer will become the hub of a vast network of
remote data stations and information banks feeding into the machine at
a transmission rate of a billion or more bits of information a
second. Laser channels will vastly increase both data capacity and the
speeds with which it will be transmitted.  Eventually, a global
communications network handling voice, data and facsimile will
instantly link man to machine--or machine to machine--by land, air,
underwater, and space circuits. [The computer] will affect man's
ways of thinking, his means of education, his relationship to his physical
and social environment, and it will alter his ways of living...
[Before the end of this century, these forces] will coalesce into what
unquestionably will become the greatest adventure of the human mind."
		-- Eugene Lyons, "David Sarnoff" 1966


I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas.
I'm frightened of the old ones.
		-- John Cage


QOTD:
	"I ain't broke, but I'm badly bent."


It is said that the lonely eagle flies to the mountain peaks while the
lowly ant crawls the ground, but cannot the soul of the ant soar as
high as the eagle?


Real software engineers work from 9 to 5, because that is the way the
job is described in the formal spec.  Working late would feel like
using an undocumented external procedure.


If you always postpone pleasure you will never have it.
Quit work and play for once!


`Just the place for a Snark!' the Bellman cried,
	As he landed his crew with care;
Supporting each man on the top of the tide
	By a finger entwined in his hair.

`Just the place for a Snark!  I have said it twice:
	That alone should encourage the crew.
Just the place for a Snark!  I have said it thrice:
	What I tell you three times is true.'
		-- Lewis Carroll, "The Hunting of the Snark"


After a few boring years, socially meaningful rock 'n' roll died out.
It was replaced by disco, which offers no guidance to any form of life
more advanced than the lichen family.
		-- Dave Barry, "Kids Today: They Don't Know Dum Diddly Do"


If you love someone, set them free.
If they don't come back, then call them up when you're drunk.


God is omnipotent, omniscient, and omnibenevolent -- it says so right here
on the label.  If you have a mind capable of believing all three of these
divine attributes simultaneously, I have a wonderful bargain for you.  No
checks, please.  Cash and in small bills.
		-- Lazarus Long


The earth is like a tiny grain of sand, only much, much heavier.


Always there remain portions of our heart
into which no one is able to enter, invite them as we may.


Hear about...
	the little boy that found a fifty cent piece, so he went home
	for some money?


They call them "squares" because it's the
most complicated shape they can deal with.


Be open to other people -- they may enrich your dream.


Innovation is hard to schedule.
		-- Dan Fylstra


Advertising is a valuable economic factor because it is the cheapest
way of selling goods, particularly if the goods are worthless.
		-- Sinclair Lewis


Chism's Law of Completion:
	The amount of time required to complete a government project is
	precisely equal to the length of time already spent on it.


I can't mate in captivity.
		-- Gloria Steinem, on why she has never married


Doin' it in the dark, down in Rock Creek Park.


The greatest disloyalty one can offer to great pioneers
is to refuse to move an inch from where they stood.


And he climbed with the lad up the Eiffelberg Tower.  "This," cried the Mayor,
"is your town's darkest hour!  The time for all Whos who have blood that is red
to come to the aid of their country!" he said.  "We've GOT to make noises in
greater amounts!  So, open your mouth, lad!  For every voice counts!"  Thus he
spoke as he climbed.  When they got to the top, the lad cleared his throat and
he shouted out, "YOPP!"
	And that Yopp...  That one last small, extra Yopp put it over!
Finally, at last!  From the speck on that clover their voices were heard!
They rang out clear and clean.  And they elephant smiled.  "Do you see what
I mean?" They've proved they ARE persons, no matter how small.  And their
whole world was saved by the smallest of All!"
	"How true!  Yes, how true," said the big kangaroo.  "And, from now
on, you know what I'm planning to do?  From now on, I'm going to protect
them with you!"  And the young kangaroo in her pouch said, "ME TOO!  From
the sun in the summer.  From rain when it's fall-ish, I'm going to protect
them.  No matter how small-ish!"
		-- Dr. Seuss, "Horton Hears a Who"


It got to the point where I had to get a haircut
or both feet firmly planted in the air.


Hitler used methods against white men in Europe, which by tacit
agreement between the cultural European nations were only to be
used against the coloured.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


I use not only all the brains I have, but all those I can borrow as well.
		-- Woodrow Wilson


Truly simple systems... require infinite testing.
		-- Norman Augustine


Future looks spotty.  You will spill soup in late evening.


All other things being equal, a bald man cannot be elected President of
the United States.
		-- Vic Gold


Bad men live that they may eat and drink,
whereas good men eat and drink that they may live.
		-- Socrates


For every credibility gap, there is a gullibility fill.
		-- R. Clopton


I consider a new device or technology to have been
culturally accepted when it has been used to commit a murder.
		-- M. Gallaher


	*** STUDENT SUCCESSES ***

Many of our students have gone on to achieve great success in all fields of
programming.  One former student developed the concept of the personalized
form letter.  Does the phrase, "Dear Mr.(insert name), You may already be a
winner!," sound familiar?  Another student writes "After only five lessons I
sold a "My Most Unforgettable Program" article to Corrosive Computing magazine.
Another of our graduates writes, "I recently completed a database-management
program for my department manager.  My program touched him so deeply that he
was speechless.  He told me later that he had never seen such a program in
his entire career.  Thank you, Famous Programmers' school; only you could
have made this possible."  Send for our introductory brochure which explains
in vague detail the operation of the Famous Programmers' School, and you'll
be eligible to win a possible chance to enter a drawing, the winner of which
can vie for a set of free steak knives.  If you don't do it now, you'll hate
yourself in the morning.


The cow is nothing but a machine which makes grass fit for us people to eat.
		-- John McNulty


If I had my life to live over, I'd try to make more mistakes next time.  I
would relax, I would limber up, I would be sillier than I have been this
trip.  I know of very few things I would take seriously.  I would be crazier.
I would climb more mountains, swim more rivers and watch more sunsets.  I'd
travel and see.  I would have more actual troubles and fewer imaginary ones.
You see, I am one of those people who lives prophylactically and sensibly
and sanely, hour after hour, day after day.  Oh, I have had my moments and,
if I had it to do over again, I'd have more of them.  In fact, I'd try to
have nothing else.  Just moments, one after another, instead of living so many
years ahead each day.  I have been one of those people who never go anywhere
without a thermometer, a hot water bottle, a gargle, a raincoat and a parachute.
If I had it to do over again, I would go places and do things and travel
lighter than I have.  If I had my life to live over, I would start bare-footed
earlier in the spring and stay that way later in the fall.  I would play hooky
more.  I probably wouldn't make such good grades, but I'd learn more.  I would
ride on more merry-go-rounds.  I'd pick more daisies.


Me, I love the rich.  *Somebody* has to love them.  Sure, a lot
of rich people are assholes, but believe me, a lot of poor people
are assholes too.  And an asshole with money can at least pay
for his own drinks.
		-- Tom Robbins, "Jitterbug Perfume"


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(23) Evolution cannot explain creation.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Look at it this way:
Your daughter just named the fresh turkey you brought
home "Cuddles", so you're going out to buy a canned ham.
And you're still drinking ordinary scotch?


If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.
		-- Woody Allen


When his company fell on hard times, the boss realized that he'd have to
lay off one of his two middle managers.  As both Jack and Liz were equally
honest and dedicated to their jobs, he was unable to decide which one to
fire.  To resolve his dilemma, the boss arbitrarily decided that the first
to leave his or her desk the next morning would be the one to get the ax.
	The next morning found Liz at her desk, rubbing her temples.  Asking
Jack for some aspirin, she headed for the water fountain and that's where
the boss caught up with her.  "I've got some bad news for you, Liz," he said.
"I've got to lay you or Jack off."
	"Jack off," she snapped.  "I have a headache."


If an S and an I and an O and a U
With an X at the end spell Su;
And an E and a Y and an E spell I,
Pray what is a speller to do?
Then, if also an S and an I and a G
And an HED spell side,
There's nothing much left for a speller to do
But to go commit siouxeyesighed.
		-- Charles Follen Adams, "An Orthographic Lament"


Bi now, gay later!


Then there was the girl who was engaged
to a gymnast -- 'til he broke it off.


Nobody loves me,
Everybody hates me,
I think I'll go out and eat worms.
I'm gonna cut their heads off,
Eat their insides out,
And throw way the skins.
Big, fat, juicy ones,
Little, skinny, cute ones,
Watch how they wiggle and they squirm.


Sigmund's wife wore Freudian slips.


Ed Sullivan will be around as long as someone else has talent.
		-- Fred Allen


A chiseler is a man who goes stag to a wife-swapping party.


WHERE CAN THE MATTER BE
	Oh, dear, where can the matter be
	When it's converted to energy?
	There is a slight loss of parity.
	Johnny's so long at the fair.


Paranoia is simply an optimistic outlook on life.


Beware of a tall blond man with one black shoe.


It's a bitch being butch.


Lady, lady, should you meet
One whose ways are all discreet,
One who murmurs that his wife
Is the lodestar of his life,
One who keeps assuring you
That he never was untrue,
Never loved another one...
Lady, lady, better run!
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Social Note"


The error of youth is to believe that intelligence is a substitute
for experience, while the error of age is to believe experience is
a substitute for intelligence.
		-- Lyman Bryson


Don't worry over what other people are thinking about you.
They're too busy worrying over what you are thinking about them.


FORTUNE'S PARTY TIPS: #14

	Tired of finding that other people are helping themselves to
your good liquor at BYOB parties?  Take along a candle, which you insert
and light after you've opened the bottle.  No one ever expects anything
drinkable to be in a bottle which has a candle stuck in its neck.


Q:	How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	NONE!  AND THAT'S NOT FUNNY!!

Q:	How many Radcliffe girls does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	It's "Women"...  AND IT'S NOT FUNNY!!


Abstract:
	This study examined the incidence of neckwear tightness among a group
of 94 white-collar working men and the effect of a tight business-shirt collar
and tie on the visual performance of 22 male subjects.  Of the white-collar
men measured, 67% were found to be wearing neckwear that was tighter than
their neck circumference.  The visual discrimination of the 22 subjects was
evaluated using a critical flicker frequency (CFF) test.  Results of the CFF
test indicated that tight neckwear significantly decreased the visual
performance of the subjects and that visual performance did not improve
immediately when tight neckwear was removed.
		-- Langan, L. M. and Watkins, S. M. "Pressure of Menswear on the
		   Neck in Relation to Visual Performance."  Human Factors 29,
		   #1 (Feb. 1987), pp. 67-71.


Eat as much as you like -- just don't swallow it.
		-- Harry Secombe's diet


When in trouble or in doubt, run in circles, scream and shout.


QOTD:
	"Of course there's no reason for it, it's just our policy."


You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.


It must be admitted that we English have sex on the brain, which is a
very unfortunate place to have it.
		-- Malcolm Muggeridge


Hear about...
	the absent-minded exhibitionist who was arrested for exposing
	his whatchamacalit?


Everybody but Sam had signed up for a new company pension plan that
called for a small employee contribution.  The company was paying all
the rest.  Unfortunately, 100% employee participation was needed;
otherwise the plan was off.  Sam's boss and his fellow workers pleaded
and cajoled, but to no avail.  Sam said the plan would never pay off.
Finally the company president called Sam into his office.
	"Sam," he said, "here's a copy of the new pension plan and here's
a pen.  I want you to sign the papers.  I'm sorry, but if you don't sign,
you're fired.  As of right now."
	Sam signed the papers immediately.
	"Now," said the president, "would you mind telling me why you
couldn't have signed earlier?"
	"Well, sir," replied Sam, "nobody explained it to me quite so
clearly before."


Q:	What do you get when you cross a pit bull with a prostitute?
A:	Your last blowjob.


I'd love to go out with you, but the man on television told me to stay
tuned.


Getting kicked out of the American Bar Association is liked getting kicked
out of the Book-of-the-Month Club.
		-- Melvin Belli on the occasion of his getting kicked out
		   of the American Bar Association


At the foot of the mountain, thunder:
The image of Providing Nourishment.
Thus the superior man is careful of his words
And temperate in eating and drinking.


If sarcasm were posted on Usenet, would anybody notice?
		-- James Nicoll


Nancy Reagan wants to divorce old Ron...
seems he's making it hard for everyone but her.


Claret is the liquor for boys; port for men; but he who
aspires to be a hero... must drink brandy.
		-- Samuel Johnson


Boston, n.:
	An outdoor Betty Ford Clinic.


By all means marry: If you get a good wife, you'll become happy; if you
get a bad one, you'll become a philosopher.
		-- Socrates


Religions revolve madly around sexual questions.


George's friend Sam had a dog who could recite the Gettysburg Address.  "Let
me buy him from you," pleaded George after a demonstration.
	"Okay," agreed Sam.  "All he knows is that Lincoln speech anyway."
	At his company's Fourth of July picnic, George brought his new pet
and announced that the animal could recite the entire Gettysburg Address.
No one believed him, and they proceeded to place bets against the dog.
George quieted the crowd and said, "Now we'll begin!"  Then he looked at
the dog.  The dog looked back.  No sound.  "Come on, boy, do your stuff."
Nothing.  A disappointed George took his dog and went home.
	"Why did you embarrass me like that in front of everybody?" George
yelled at the dog.  "Do you realize how much money you lost me?"
	"Don't be silly, George," replied the dog.  "Think of the odds we're
gonna get on Labor Day."


We are all dying -- and we're gonna be dead for a long time.


Nasrudin was carrying home a piece of liver and the recipe for liver pie.
Suddenly a bird of prey swooped down and snatched the piece of meat from
his hand.  As the bird flew off, Nasrudin called after it, "Foolish bird!
You have the liver, but what can you do with it without the recipe?"


QOTD:
	"She was so tough she rolled her own tampons."


If you are honest because honesty is the best policy,
your honesty is corrupt.


That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love,
that no one could have loved so before us, and that no one will love
in the same way as us.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Mene, mene, tekel, upharsin.


In a circuit with a fast-acting fuse,
an IC will blow to protect the fuse.


	Lassie looked brilliant, in part because the farm family she
lived with was made up of idiots.  Remember?  One of them was always
getting pinned under the tractor, and Lassie was always rushing back to
the farmhouse to alert the other ones.  She'd whimper and tug at their
sleeves, and they'd always waste precious minutes saying things: "Do
you think something's wrong?  Do you think she wants us to follow her?
What is it, girl?", etc., as if this had never happened before, instead
of every week.  What with all the time these people spent pinned under
the tractor, I don't see how they managed to grow any crops whatsoever.
They probably got by on federal crop supports, which Lassie filed the
applications for.
		-- Dave Barry


Bitch, bitch, bitch --
That's all I ever hear,
Ever since the dog ate the baby,
"Get rida the dog, get rida the dog."


Telepression, n.:
	The deep-seated guilt which stems from knowing that you did not
	try hard enough to look up the number on your own and instead
	put the burden on the directory assistant.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


This land is full of trousers!
this land is full of mausers!
	And pussycats to eat them when the sun goes down!
		-- The Firesign Theatre


A cow is a completely automated milk-manufacturing machine. It is encased
in untanned leather and mounted on four vertical, movable supports, one at
each corner.  The front end of the machine, or input, contains the cutting
and grinding mechanism, utilizing a unique feedback device.  Here also are
the headlights, air inlet and exhaust, a bumper and a foghorn.
	At the rear, the machine carries the milk-dispensing equipment as
well as a built-in flyswatter and insect repeller.  The central portion
houses a hydro- chemical-conversion unit.  Briefly, this consists of four
fermentation and storage tanks connected in series by an intricate network
of flexible plumbing.  This assembly also contains the central heating plant
complete with automatic temperature controls, pumping station and main
ventilating system.  The waste disposal apparatus is located to the rear of
this central section.
	Cows are available fully-assembled in an assortment of sizes and
colors.  Production output ranges from 2 to 20 tons of milk per year.  In
brief, the main external visible features of the cow are:  two lookers, two
hookers, four stander-uppers, four hanger-downers, and a swishy-wishy.


One is not superior merely because one sees the world as odious.
		-- Chateaubriand (1768-1848)


Seduced, shaggy Samson snored.
She scissored short.  Sorely shorn,
Soon shackled slave, Samson sighed,
Silently scheming,
Sightlessly seeking
Some savage, spectacular suicide.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


A nubile female virtually never experiences difficulty in finding willing
sexual partners, and in a natural habitat nubile females are probably always
married.  The basic female "strategy" is to obtain the best possible husband,
to be fertilized by the fittest available male (always, of course, taking
risk into account), and to maximize the returns on sexual favors bestowed:
to be sexually aroused by the sight of males would promote random matings,
thus undermining all of these aims, and would also waste time and energy
that could be spent in economically significant activities and in nurturing
children.  A female's reproductive success would be seriously compromised
by the propensity to be sexually aroused by the sight of males.
		-- Donald Symons, "The Evolution of Human Sexuality",
		   attempting to explain the lack of female interest in
		   pornography.


Two peanuts were walking through the New York.  One was assaulted.


The first rule of intelligent tinkering is to save all the parts.
		-- Paul Erlich


Q:	Why is Christmas just like a day at the office?
A:	You do all of the work and the fat guy in the suit
	gets all the credit.


You can't play your friends like marks, kid.
		-- Henry Gondorf, "The Sting"


Work is the crab grass in the lawn of life.
		-- Schulz


If you treat people right they will treat you right -- 90% of the time.
		-- Franklin D. Roosevelt


But don't you worry, its for a cause -- feeding global corporations
paws.


Murphy's Laws:
	(1) If anything can go wrong, it will.
	(2) Nothing is as easy as it looks.
	(3) Everything takes longer than you think it will.


One must have a heart of stone to read the death of Little Nell by Dickens
without laughing.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Zippity doo dah, zippity ay,
I just gave my sister's cherry away!
To a couple of truckers from Erie P.A.,
Zippity doo dah, zippity ay.
		-- John Valby


It's been so long since I made love I can't even remember who
gets tied up.
		-- Joan Rivers


Life may have no meaning, or, even worse,
it may have a meaning of which you disapprove.


The key to building a superstar is to keep their mouth shut.  To reveal
an artist to the people can be to destroy him.  It isn't to anyone's
advantage to see the truth.
		-- Bob Ezrin, rock music producer


Anybody who doesn't cut his speed at the
sight of a police car is probably parked.


Hackers are just a migratory life form with a tropism for computers.


Every suicide is a solution to a problem.
		-- Jean Baechler


Death comes on every passing breeze,
He lurks in every flower;
Each season has its own disease,
Its peril -- every hour.
		-- Reginald Heber


This quote is taken from the Diamondback, the University of Maryland
student newspaper, of Tuesday, 3/10/87.

	One disadvantage of the Univac system is that it does not use
	Unix, a recently developed program which translates from one
	computer language to another and has a built-in editing system
	which identifies errors in the original program.


Handshaking protocol, n.:
	A process employed by hostile hardware devices to initiate a
	terse but civil dialogue, which, in turn, is characterized by
	occasional misunderstanding, sulking, and name-calling.


ONE THING KIDS LIKE is to be tricked.  For instance, I was going to take
my little nephew to Disneyland, but instead I drove him to a burned-out
warehouse.  "Oh, oh," I said.  "Disneyland burned down."  He cried and
cried, but I think that deep down he thought it was a pretty good joke.

I started to drive over to the real Disneyland, but it was getting pretty
late.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


You can get more of what you want with a kind word and a gun than you
can with just a kind word.
		-- Bumper Sticker


There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers,
having been originally breathed into a few forms or into one; and that,
whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of
gravity, from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and
most wonderful have been, and are being, evolved.
		-- Darwin


