I've got a very bad feeling about this.
		-- Han Solo


The boys in the Epperson family all acquired fine educations except for Edward.
They made him go to school, but most of the time he just ignored what was said
there.  Yet there were rare moments when he could display a bit of curiosity.
	One day Edward was sitting at home looking at a magazine, and he said
to his brilliant older brother, Hud, he said, "Hud, what does fox pass mean?"
	Brother Hud gave the question some deep consideration and then said,
"You must mean _faux_pas_."
	"The way it's spelled," said dumb Ed, "it's fox pass."
	Hud took a look at the way it was spelled and then said, "It's a French
phrase -- it means a social blunder.  Remember last Sunday when the Bishop came
for dinner?  Mother took him out in the garden and they were looking over the
roses when the Bishop got stuck on the thumb by a thorn.  It was bleeding quite
a bit so Mother brought him in the house.  They went into the bathroom together
and stayed quite a while, and when they came out we all went to the dinner
table.  Remember all that, Ed?"
	"Yeh."
	"Now," Hud continued, "you recall that I was just getting to pass
the gravy when Mother said, 'Bishop, does your prick still throb?'  The gravy
bowl flew out of my hands and hit the table, and the gravy splattered all
over everyone.  And just at that point you, Brother Edward, you hollered,
'Sheee-itt!'  You remember that?"
	"Yeh."
	"Well, when you hollered 'Sheee-itt!' that was a _faux_pas_."


One of the rules of Busmanship, New York style, is never surrender your
seat to another passenger.  This may seem callous, but it is the best
way, really.  If one passenger were to give a seat to someone who fainted
in the aisle, say, the others on the bus would become disoriented and
imagine they were in Topeka Kansas.


I have yet to see any problem, however complicated, which, when looked
at in the right way, did not become still more complicated.
		-- Poul Anderson


Fortune's Guide to Movies:
G:   No girl.
PG:  The hero gets the girl.
R:   The bad guy gets the girl, then the good guy gets the girl.
X:   The hero still gets the girl in the end, but he's never sure
	which end it will be.
XXX: Everybody gets the girl.


When the shit hits the fan, keep your mouth shut!


I have a very firm grasp on reality!  I can reach out and strangle it
any time!


The United States Army:
194 years of proud service,
unhampered by progress.


If you want to know what god thinks of money, just look at the people
he gave it to.
		-- Dorothy Parker


I think I'm schizophrenic.  One half of me's
paranoid and the other half's out to get him.


The hope that springs eternal
Springs right up your behind.
		-- Ian Drury, "This Is What We Find"


QOTD:
	"If you're looking for trouble, I can offer you a wide selection."


As some day it may happen that a victim must be found
I've got a little list -- I've got a little list
Of society offenders who might well be underground
And who never would be missed -- who never would be missed.
		-- Koko, "The Mikado"


Naeser's Law:
	You can make it foolproof, but you can't make it damnfoolproof.


On a paper submitted by a physicist colleague:

This isn't right.  This isn't even wrong.
		-- Wolfgang Pauli


First Corollary of Taber's Second Law:
	Machines that piss people off get murdered.
		-- Pat Taber


Only someone with nothing to be sorry for
smiles back at the rear of an elephant.


	"When I drink, *everybody* drinks!" a man shouted to the
assembled bar patrons.  A loud general cheer went up.  After downing his
whiskey, he hopped onto a barstool and shouted "When I take another
drink, *everybody* takes another drink!"  The announcement produced
another cheer and another round of drinks.
	As soon as he had downed his second drink, the fellow hopped back
onto the stool.  "And when I pay," he bellowed, slapping five dollars onto
the bar, "*everybody* pays!"


God isn't dead.  He just doesn't want to get involved.


HOW YOU CAN TELL THAT IT'S GOING TO BE A ROTTEN DAY:
	#15 Your pet rock snaps at you.


Bennett's Laws of Horticulture:
	(1)  Houses are for people to live in.
	(2)  Gardens are for plants to live in.
	(3)  There is no such thing as a houseplant.


God grant us the serenity to accept the things we cannot change, courage to
change the things we can, and wisdom to know the difference.


FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #5

	Don't wear your spurs while making love in a waterbed.


Finagle's Second Law:
	No matter what the anticipated result, there will always be
	someone eager to (a) misinterpret it, (b) fake it, or
	(c) believe it happened according to his own pet theory.


Pound for pound, the amoeba is the most vicious animal on earth.


Not drinking, chasing women, or doing drugs won't
make you live longer -- it just seems that way.


I want to marry a girl just like the girl that married dear old dad.
		-- Freud


My mother wants grandchildren, so I said, "Mom, go for it!"
		-- Sue Murphy


Carson's Consolation:
	Nothing is ever a complete failure.
	It can always be used as a bad example.


Many people are desperately looking for some wise advice
which will recommend that they do what they want to do.


Anything worth doing is worth overdoing.


Without love intelligence is dangerous;
without intelligence love is not enough.
		-- Ashley Montagu


Govern a great nation as you would cook a small fish.  Don't overdo it.
		-- Lao Tsu


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #18 -- FIFTH

	FIFTH is a precision mathematical language in which the data types
refer to quantity.  The data types range from CC, OUNCE, SHOT, and JIGGER to
FIFTH (hence the name of the language), LITER, MAGNUM and BLOTTO.  Commands
refer to ingredients such as CHABLIS, CHARDONNAY, CABERNET, GIN, VERMOUTH,
VODKA, SCOTCH, BOURBON, and WHATEVERSAROUND.
	The many versions of the FIFTH language reflect the sophistication and
financial status of its users.  Commands in the ELITE dialect include VSOP and
LAFITE, while commands in the GUTTER dialect include HOOTCH, THUNDERBIRD,
RIPPLE and HOUSERED.  The latter is a favorite of frustrated FORTH programmers
who end up using this language.


In specifications, Murphy's Law supersedes Ohm's.


Old mercenaries never die.  They go to hell and regroup.


Q:	How do you know when you're in the <ethnic> section of Vermont?
A:	The maple sap buckets are hanging on utility poles.


Life would be much simpler and things would get done much faster if it
weren't for other people.
		-- Blore


Keep emotionally active.  Cater to your favorite neurosis.


Who loves not wisely but too well
Will look on Helen's face in hell,
But he whose love is thin and wise
Will view John Knox in Paradise.
		-- Dorothy Parker


An Army travels on her stomach.


We know next to nothing about virtually everything.  It is not necessary
to know the origin of the universe; it is necessary to want to know.
Civilization depends not on any particular knowledge, but on the disposition
to crave knowledge.
		-- George Will


Listen, there is no courage or any extra courage that I know of to find out
the right thing to do.  Now, it is not only necessary to do the right thing,
but to do it in the right way and the only problem you have is what is the
right thing to do and what is the right way to do it.  That is the problem.
But this economy of ours is not so simple that it obeys to the opinion of
bias or the pronouncements of any particular individual, even to the President.
This is an economy that is made up of 173 million people, and it reflects
their desires, they're ready to buy, they're ready to spend, it is a thing
that is too complex and too big to be affected adversely or advantageously
just by a few words or any particular -- say, a little this and that, or even
a panacea so alleged.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower, in response to: "Has the
		   government been lacking in courage and boldness in
		   facing up to the recession?"


There can be no daily democracy without daily citizenship.
		-- Ralph Nader


Rejection, n.:
	When you're masturbating and your hand falls asleep.


It's all right letting yourself go as long as you can let yourself back.
		-- Mick Jagger


... [concerning quotation marks] even if we *_d_i_d* quote anybody in this
business, it probably would be gibberish.
		-- Thom McLeod


	Sam went to his psychiatrist complaining of a hatred for elephants.
"I can't stand elephants," he explained.  "I lie awake nights despising
them.  The thought of an elephant fills me with loathing."
	"Sam," said the psychiatrist, "there's only one thing for you to do.
Go to Africa, organize a safari, find an elephant in the jungle and shoot it.
That way you'll get it out of your system."
	Sam immediately made arrangements for a safari hunt in Africa,
inviting his best friend to join him.  They arrived in Nairobi and lost no
time getting out on the jungle trails.  After they had been hunting for
several days, Sam's best friend grabbed him by the arm one morning and
yelled at him:
	"Sam, Sam, Sam!  Over there behind that tree there's and elephant!
Sam -- Get your gun -- no, no, not THAT gun -- the rifle with the longer
barrel!  Now aim it!  QUICK!  SAM!  QUICK!  No!  Not that way -- this way!
Be sure you don't jerk the trigger!  Wait SAM!  Don't let him see you!  Aim
at his head!"
	Sam whirled around, took aim, and killed his friend.  He was put in
prison and his psychiatrist flew to Africa to visit him.  "I sent you over
here to kill an elephant and instead you shoot your best friend," the
psychiatrist said.  "Why?"
	"Well," Sam replied, "there's only one thing in the world that I
hate more than elephants and that is a loudmouth know-it-all!"


It is better to have loved and lost than just to have lost.


Far back in the mists of ancient time, in the great and glorious days of the
former Galactic Empire, life was wild, rich and largely tax free.

Mighty starships plied their way between exotic suns, seeking adventure and
reward among the furthest reaches of Galactic space.  In those days, spirits
were brave, the stakes were high, men were real men, women were real women
and small furry creatures from Alpha Centauri were real small furry creatures
from Alpha Centauri.  And all dared to brave unknown terrors, to do mighty
deeds, to boldly split infinitives that no man had split before -- and thus
was the Empire forged.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


I go the way that Providence dictates.
		-- Adolf Hitler


QOTD:
	"I thought I saw a unicorn on the way over, but it was just a
	horse with one of the horns broken off."


My only love sprung from my only hate!
Too early seen unknown, and known too late!
		-- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet"


f u cn rd ths, itn tyg h myxbl cd.


Besides the device, the box should contain:

* Eight little rectangular snippets of paper that say "WARNING"

* A plastic packet containing four 5/17 inch pilfer grommets and two
  club-ended 6/93 inch boxcar prawns.

YOU WILL NEED TO SUPPLY: a matrix wrench and 60,000 feet of tram
cable.

IF ANYTHING IS DAMAGED OR MISSING: You IMMEDIATELY should turn to your
spouse and say: "Margaret, you know why this country can't make a car
that can get all the way through the drive-through at Burger King
without a major transmission overhaul?  Because nobody cares, that's
why."

WARNING: This is assuming your spouse's name is Margaret.
		-- Dave Barry, "Read This First!"


The meta-Turing test counts a thing as intelligent if it seeks to
devise and apply Turing tests to objects of its own creation.
		-- Lew Mammel, Jr.


Ascend to the high mountain pass,
Cross the shallow side of the wide ocean.
Do not give up to the great distance:
It's by going that you will reach your aim.
Be not discouraged by human frailty:
You will overcome it if you try to.
		-- Chinggis (Genghis) Khan


USENET would be a better laboratory is there were
more labor and less oratory.
		-- Elizabeth Haley


After [Benjamin] Franklin came a herd of Electrical Pioneers whose names
have become part of our electrical terminology: Myron Volt, Mary Louise Amp,
James Watt, Bob Transformer, etc.  These pioneers conducted many important
electrical experiments.  For example, in 1780 Luigi Galvani discovered (this
is the truth) that when he attached two different kinds of metal to the leg
of a frog, an electrical current developed and the frog's leg kicked, even
though it was no longer attached to the frog, which was dead anyway.
Galvani's discovery led to enormous advances in the field of amphibian
medicine.  Today, skilled veterinary surgeons can take a frog that has been
seriously injured or killed, implant pieces of metal in its muscles, and
watch it hop back into the pond just like a normal frog, except for the fact
that it sinks like a stone.
		-- Dave Barry, "What is Electricity?"


	Once there was a marine biologist who loved dolphins. He spent his
time trying to feed and protect his beloved creatures of the sea.  One day,
in a fit of inventive genius, he came up with a serum that would make
dolphins live forever!
	Of course he was ecstatic. But he soon realized that in order to mass
produce this serum he would need large amounts of a certain compound that was
only found in nature in the metabolism of a rare South American bird.  Carried
away by his love for dolphins, he resolved that he would go to the zoo and
steal one of these birds.
	Unbeknownst to him, as he was arriving at the zoo an elderly lion was
escaping from its cage.  The zookeepers were alarmed and immediately began
combing the zoo for the escaped animal, unaware that it had simply lain down
on the sidewalk and had gone to sleep.
	Meanwhile, the marine biologist arrived at the zoo and procured his
bird.  He was so excited by the prospect of helping his dolphins that he
stepped absentmindedly stepped over the sleeping lion on his way back to his
car.  Immediately, 1500 policemen converged on him and arrested him for
transporting a myna across a staid lion for immortal porpoises.


Man is an animal that makes bargains: no other animal does this--
no dog exchanges bones with another.
		-- Adam Smith


Do not overtax your powers.


Every improvement in communication makes the bore more terrible.
		-- Frank Moore Colby


Life is a biochemical reaction to the stimulus of the surrounding
environment in a stable ecosphere, while a bowl of cherries is a
round container filled with little red fruits on sticks.


You've got to pity New Mexico... so far from heaven and so close to Texas.


The first and almost the only Book deserving of universal attention is
the Bible.
		-- John Quincy Adams

All the good from the Saviour of the world is communicated through this Book;
but for the Book we could not know right from wrong.  All the things desirable
to man are contained in it.
		-- Abraham Lincoln

... the Bible ... is the one supreme source of revelation of the meaning of
life, the nature of God and spiritual nature and need of men.  It is the only
guide of life which really leads the spirit in the way of peace and salvation.
		-- Woodrow Wilson


	"When I drink, *everybody* drinks!" a man shouted to the
assembled bar patrons.  A loud general cheer went up.  After downing his
whiskey, he hopped onto a barstool and shouted "When I take another
drink, *everybody* takes another drink!"  The announcement produced
another cheer and another round of drinks.
	As soon as he had downed his second drink, the fellow hopped back
onto the stool.  "And when I pay," he bellowed, slapping five dollars onto
the bar, "*everybody* pays!"


	On the other hand, the TCP camp also has a phrase for OSI people.
There are lots of phrases.  My favorite is `nitwit' -- and the rationale
is the Internet philosophy has always been you have extremely bright,
non-partisan researchers look at a topic, do world-class research, do
several competing implementations, have a bake-off, determine what works
best, write it down and make that the standard.
	The OSI view is entirely opposite.  You take written contributions
from a much larger community, you put the contributions in a room of
committee people with, quite honestly, vast political differences and all
with their own political axes to grind, and four years later you get
something out, usually without it ever having been implemented once.
	So the Internet perspective is implement it, make it work well,
then write it down, whereas the OSI perspective is to agree on it, write
it down, circulate it a lot and now we'll see if anyone can implement it
after it's an international standard and every vendor in the world is
committed to it.  One of those processes is backwards, and I don't think
it takes a Lucasian professor of physics at Oxford to figure out which.
		-- Marshall Rose, "The Pied Piper of OSI"


Beat your son every day; you may not know why, but he will.


There is no hunting like the hunting of man, and those who have hunted
armed men long enough and liked it, never care for anything else thereafter.
		-- Ernest Hemingway


Five is a sufficiently close approximation to infinity.
		-- Robert Firth


What awful irony is this?
We are as gods, but know it not.


When two people are under the influence of the most violent, most
insane, most delusive, and most transient of passions, they are
required to swear that they will remain in that excited, abnormal, and
exhausting condition continuously until death do them part.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Another possible source of guidance for teenagers is television, but
television's message has always been that the need for truth, wisdom
and world peace pales by comparison with the need for a toothpaste that
offers whiter teeth *_a_n_d* fresher breath.
		-- Dave Barry, "Kids Today: They Don't Know Dum Diddly Do"


A fool and his money are soon popular.


MONTANA:
	Where forty-three below keeps out the riff-raff.


HERE LIES LESTER MOORE
SHOT 4 TIMES WITH A .44
NO LES
NO MOORE
		-- tombstone, in Tombstone, AZ


You might have mail.


Reagan can't _a_c_t, either.


The sex was nice, but confusing.  The whole situation kept going di-polar
on Sta-Hi.  One instant Misty would seem like a lovely warm girl who'd
survived a terrible injury, like a lost puppy to be stroked, a lonely
woman to be husbanded.  But then he'd start thinking of the wires behind
her eyes, and he'd be screwing a machine, an inanimate object, a public
toilet.  Just like with any other woman for him, really.
		-- Rudy Rucker, "Software"


If Jesus Christ came to this town, people would say, great guy; terrible
carpenter.
		-- Gene Kirkwood, on Hollywood


If your mind grows weak,
Don't yield to the weakness.
Even if tired of thought,
Never stop thinking.
My sons and descendants,
Don't get exhausted in reason--
But become experienced.
		-- Chinggis (Genghis) Khan


Programming Department:
	Mistakes made while you wait.


You will be aided greatly by a person
whom you thought to be unimportant.


The first requisite for immortality is death.
		-- Stanislaw Lem


Where the system is concerned, you're not allowed to ask "Why?".


Tact, n.:
	The unsaid part of what you're thinking.


Nirvana?  That's the place where the powers
that be and their friends hang out.
		-- Zonker Harris


A person who has nothing looks at all there is and wants something.
A person who has something looks at all there is and wants all the rest.


Truthful, adj.:
	Dumb and illiterate.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Hear about...
	the nurse they thought had drowned
	until they found her under the doc?


Future looks spotty.  You will spill soup in late evening.


Conserve energy -- make love more slowly.


Support Bingo, keep Grandma off the streets.


You get along very well with everyone except animals and people.


You will find me drinking gin
In the lowest kind of inn,
Because I am a rigid Vegetarian.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


To use violence is to already be defeated.
		-- Chinese proverb


	A man met a beautiful young woman in a bar.  They got along well,
shared dinner, and had a marvelous evening.  When he left her, he told her
that he had really enjoyed their time together, and hoped to see her again,
soon.  Smiling yes, she gave him her phone number.
	The next day, he called her up and asked her to go dancing.  She
agreed.  As they talked, he jokingly asked her what her favorite flower was.
Realizing his intentions, she told him that he shouldn't bring her flowers
-- if he wanted to bring her a gift, well, he should bring her a Swiss Army
knife!
	Surprised, and not a little intrigued, he spent a large part of the
afternoon finding a particularly unusual one.  Arriving at her apartment
he immediately presented her with the knife.  She ooohed and ahhhed over it
for a minute, and then carefully placed it in a drawer, that the man couldn't
help but see was full of Swiss Army knives.
	Surprised, he asked her why she had collected so many.
	"Well, I'm young and attractive now", blushed the woman, "but that
won't always be true.  And boy scouts will do anything for a Swiss Army knife!"


The Ruffed Pandanga of Borneo and Rotherham spreads out his feathers in
his courtship dance and imitates Winston Churchill and Tommy Cooper on
one leg.  The padanga is dying out because the female padanga doesn't
take it too seriously.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


If you see an onion ring -- answer it!


I am NOMAD!


Certain passages in several laws have always defied interpretation and
the most inexplicable must be a matter of opinion.  A judge of the Court
of Session of Scotland has sent the editors of this book his candidate
which reads, "In the Nuts (unground), (other than ground nuts) Order,
the expression nuts shall have reference to such nuts, other than ground
nuts, as would but for this amending Order not qualify as nuts
(unground) (other than ground nuts) by reason of their being nuts
(unground)."
		-- Guinness Book of World Records, 1973


QOTD:
	"It's hard to tell whether he has an ace up his sleeve or if
	the ace is missing from his deck altogether."


The time for action is past!
Now is the time for senseless bickering.


Peterson's Rules:
	(1) Trucks that overturn on freeways
		are filled with something sticky.
	(2) No cute baby in a carriage is ever a girl when called one.
	(3) Things that tick are not always clocks.
	(4) Suicide only works when you're bluffing.


Reality is for people who can't deal with drugs.
		-- Lily Tomlin


The problem with graduate students, in general, is that they have
to sleep every few days.


After all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done.


Paycheck, n.:
	The weekly $5.27 that remains after deductions for federal
	withholding, state withholding, city withholding, FICA,
	medical/dental, long-term disability, unemployment insurance,
	Christmas Club, and payroll savings plan contributions.


A gossip is one who talks to you about others, a bore is one who talks to
you about himself; and a brilliant conversationalist is one who talks to
you about yourself.
		-- Lisa Kirk


This fortune brought to you by:
$FreeBSD: releng/10.1/games/fortune/datfiles/fortunes 268755 2014-07-16 12:41:50Z gavin $


There is a young faggot named Mose
Who insists that you fuck his long nose.
	And you'll double the joy
	Of this lecherous boy
If you'll tickle his balls with your toes.


Round Numbers are always false.
		-- Samuel Johnson


Handshaking protocol, n.:
	A process employed by hostile hardware devices to initiate a
	terse but civil dialogue, which, in turn, is characterized by
	occasional misunderstanding, sulking, and name-calling.


Floating idly one day through the air,
A circus performer named Blair,
	Tied a sizeable rock,
	To the end of his cock,
And shattered a balcony chair.


Q:	How many WASPs does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	One.


I exist, therefore I am paid.


Sometimes it happens.  People just explode.  Natural causes.
		-- Repo Man


Calvin:	"I wonder where we go when we die."
Hobbes:	"Pittsburgh?"
Calvin:	"You mean if we're good or if we're bad?"


Hear about...
	the recent cigarette survey that disclosed that 99% of the
	men who have tried Camels have gone back to women?


CANCER (June 21 - July 22)
	You are sympathetic and understanding to other people's
problems.  They think you are a sucker.  You are always putting things
off.  That's why you'll never make anything of yourself.  Most welfare
recipients are Cancer people.


You will have a head crash on your private pack.


Tallulah Bankhead barged down the
Nile last night as Cleopatra and sank.
		-- John Mason Brown, drama critic


I am so optimistic about beef prices that I've just leased a pot roast
with an option to buy.


Whenever Richard Cory went downtown,
	We people on the pavement looked at him:
He was a gentleman from sole to crown,
	Clean-favored, and imperially slim.
And he was always quietly arrayed,
	And he was always human when he talked;
But still he fluttered pulses when he said,
	"Good morning," and he glittered when he walked.
And he was rich -- yes, richer than a king --
	And admirably schooled in every grace:
In fine, we thought that he was everything
	To make us wish that we were in his place.
So on we worked, and waited for the light,
	And went without the meat, and cursed the bread;
And Richard Cory, one calm summer night,
	Went home and put a bullet through his head.
		-- E. A. Robinson, "Richard Cory"


I think we're all Bozos on this bus.
		-- The Firesign Theatre


Yes, but every time I try to see things your way, I get a headache.


Half of being smart is knowing what you're dumb at.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(22) Morality is not defined by individual choice.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


To refuse praise is to seek praise twice.


I'd walk a mile for a Camel, two for a hump.


Tourists -- have some fun with New York's hard-boiled cabbies.  When you
get to your destination, say to your driver, "Pay?  I was hitch-hiking."
		-- David Letterman


Knowledge is power.
		-- Francis Bacon


Kime's Law for the Reward of Meekness:
	Turning the other cheek merely ensures two bruised cheeks.


Where am I, and what am I doing in this handbasket?
		-- Mark A. Matthews, to Wes Peters, circa 1996


Coitus upon a cadaver
Is the ultimate way you can have 'er.
	Her inanimate state
	Means a man needn't wait,
And eliminates all the palaver.


You and I as individuals can, by borrowing, live beyond our means, but
only for a limited period of time.  Why should we think that collectively,
as a nation, we are not bound by that same limitation?
		-- Ronald Reagan


	We have some absolutely irrefutable statistics to show exactly why
you are so tired.
	There are not as many people actually working as you may have thought.
	The population of this country is 200 million.  84 million are over
60 years of age, which leaves 116 million to do the work.  People under 20
years of age total 75 million, which leaves 41 million to do the work.
	There are 22 million who are employed by the government, which leaves
19 million to do the work.  Four million are in the Armed Services, which
leaves 15 million to do the work.  Deduct 14,800,000, the number in the state
and city offices, leaving 200,000 to do the work.  There are 188,000 in
hospitals, insane asylums, etc., so that leaves 12,000 to do the work.
	Now it may interest you to know that there are 11,998 people in jail,
so that leaves just 2 people to carry the load. That is you and me, and
brother, I'm getting tired of doing everything myself!


Notes for a ballet, "The Spell": ... Suddenly Sigmund hears the flutter of
wings, and a group of wild swans flies across the moon ... Sigmund is
astounded to see that their leader is part swan and part woman --
unfortunately, divided lengthwise.  She enchants Sigmund, who is careful
not to make any poultry jokes.
		-- Woody Allen


Unless hours were cups of sack, and minutes capons, and clocks the tongues
of bawds, and dials the signs of leaping houses, and the blessed sun himself
a fair, hot wench in flame-colored taffeta, I see no reason why thou shouldst
be so superfluous to demand the time of the day.  I wasted time and now doth
time waste me.
		-- William Shakespeare


So it's ai yi yi yi,
Your mother scores more than Wayne Gretzky!
So sing me another verse that worse than the other verse,
And waltz me around by my willie!

	There once was a man from Nantucket!
	Whose cock was so long he could suck it!
		He said with a grin,
		As he wiped off his chin,
	If my ear were a cunt I could fuck it!

So it's ai yi yi yi,
Your sister does squat thrusts on flag poles!
So sing me another verse that worse than the other verse,
And waltz me around by my willie!

	There once was a young man from Boston!
	Who drove around town in an Austin!
		There was room for his ass,
		And a gallon of gas,
	So he hung out his balls and he lost 'em!


There are times when truth is stranger than fiction and lunch time is
one of them.


If there really was a Jewish conspiracy to run the world, my rabbi would
have let me in on it by now.  I contribute enough to the shule.
		-- Saul Goodman


QOTD:
	"I used to be an idealist, but I got mugged by reality."


Politician, n.:
	An eel in the fundamental mud upon which the superstructure of
	organized society is reared.  When he wriggles, he mistakes the
	agitation of his tail for the trembling of the edifice.  As
	compared with the statesman, he suffers the disadvantage of
	being alive.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


... proper attention to Earthly needs of the poor, the depressed and the
downtrodden, would naturally evolve from dynamic, articulate, spirited
awareness of the great goals for Man and the society he conspired to erect.
		-- David Baker, paraphrasing Harold Urey, in
		   "The History of Manned Space Flight"


Why would anyone want to be called "Later"?


Q:	What's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer?
A:	The taste.


What foods these morsels be!


He who knows nothing, knows nothing.
But he who knows he knows nothing knows something.
And he who knows someone whose friend's wife's brother knows nothing,
	he knows something.  Or something like that.


He had that rare weird electricity about him -- that extremely wild
and heavy presence that you only see in a person who has abandoned
all hope of ever behaving "normally."
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing '72"


It's bad enough that life is a rat-race,
but why do the rats always have to win?


Hear about...
	the secretary that got fired because she had one too mini?


The University of California Bears announced the signing of Reggie
Philbin to a letter of intent to attend Cal next Fall.  Philbin is
said to make up for no talent by cheating well.  Says Philbin of
his decision to attend Cal, "I'm in it for the free ride."


An Army travels on her stomach.


As I thought, no better from this side.
		-- Eeyore


Harold had never wanted a woman so much in his life, upon overhearing the
22- year-old beauty remark that he was too old and out of shape for her.  The
determined septuagenarian immediately embarked upon a rigorous self-improvement
program.  He had his face lifted, bought a toupee, ran five miles every day,
lifted weights and adopted a strict vegetarian diet.  Within months, the
rejuvenated man won the young woman's heart, and she agreed to marry him.
	On the way out of the chapel, however, Harold was fatally struck
by lightning.  Furious, he confronted Saint Peter at the pearly gates.  "How
could you do this to me after all the pain I went through?"
	"To be honest, Harold," Saint Peter sheepishly replied, "I didn't
recognize you."


Dental health is next to mental health.


Profanity is the one language all programmers know best.


If this is timesharing, give me my share right now.
It's not time yet.


Bookstores will soon be stocking a volume called "The Unsensuous
Census Taker".  It's about a guy who comes once every ten years.


In my sweet little Alice Blue gown
Was the first time I ever laid down,
	I was both proud and shy
	As he opened his fly
And the moment I saw it I thought I would die.

Oh it hung almost down to the ground,
As it went in I made not a sound,
	The more that he shoved it
	The more that I loved it,
As he came on my Alice Blue gown.


The difference between a career and a job is about 20 hours a week.


Say my love is easy had,
Say I'm bitten raw with pride,
Say I am too often sad --
Still behold me at your side.

Say I'm neither brave nor young,
Say I woo and coddle care,
Say the devil touched my tongue,
Still you have my heart to wear.

But say my verses do not scan,
And I get me another man!
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Fighting Words"


