Catproof is an oxymoron, childproof nearly so.


Men are superior to women.
		-- The Koran


It is imperative when flying coach that you restrain any tendency toward
the vividly imaginative.  For although it may momentarily appear to be the
case, it is not at all likely that the cabin is entirely inhabited by
crying babies smoking inexpensive domestic cigars.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


When ev'rybody's tryin' to sleep,
I'm somewhere makin' my midnight creep.		Chorus:
In the mornin' the rooster crow,	I am a back door man,
Somethin' tells me I got to go.		I am a back door man,
					Well, the men don't know,
They take me to the doctor,		But the little girls understand.
	shot full of holes,
Nurse try to save a soul.
Killed her for murder first degree,
Judge what tried let the man go free.

Stand up, cop's wife cried, don't take him down,
Rather be dead six feet in the ground.
When you come home, you can eat pork and beans,
I eats more chicken than any man's seen.
		-- Willie Dixon, "Backdoor Man" (1961)


If a jury in a criminal trial stays out for more than twenty-four hours, it
is certain to vote acquittal, save in those instances where it votes guilty.
		-- Joseph C. Goulden


If I set here and stare at nothing long enough, people might think
I'm an engineer working on something.
		-- S. R. McElroy


To generalize is to be an idiot.
		-- William Blake


When women love us, they forgive us everything, even our crimes;
when they do not love us, they give us credit for nothing, not
even our virtues.
		-- Honore de Balzac


A group of scientists discovered an apelike creature in the jungle, which
they hoped would prove to be the missing link.  The proof of their theory,
however, required that a human mate with the animal so that they could see
what characteristics the offspring would assume.  Needing volunteers, the
scientists placed an ad in the paper: "$5000 to mate with ape."
	Almost immediately, they received response from a man who said he
would be willing to take part in the experiment, with three conditions.
	"First," he said, "my wife must never know.  Second, any children
must be baptized.  And, third, I'd have to pay in installments."


Prototype designs always work.
		-- Don Vonada


So, is the glass half empty, half full, or just twice as
large as it needs to be?


Marriage is like a bank account.  You put it in, you take it out,
you lose interest.
		-- Professor Irwin Corey


PPRB -- Pillage, plunder, rape and burn.


Corruption is not the No. 1 priority of the Police Commissioner.
His job is to enforce the law and fight crime.
		-- P.B.A. President E. J. Kiernan


The Hollywood tradition I like best is called "sucking up to the stars."
		-- Johnny Carson


A non-vegetarian anti-abortionist is a contradiction in terms.
		-- Phyllis Schlafly


Appearances often are deceiving.
		-- Aesop


The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost.


In olden times sacrifices were made at the altar --
a practice which is still continued.
		-- Helen Rowland


A man is playing golf at a very exclusive country club when he hits a hole-
in-one.  As he takes his ball from the cup, a genie appears.
	"Since you've made a hole in one, you may have a single wish.  What
is your heart's desire?"
	"Great!", replies the man.  I want a longer penis."
	"Your wish is granted," says the genie, and promptly disappears.
	As the golfer continues through the rest of the course he can
feel his penis slowly growing, to an extent that it's becoming uncomfortable.
By the time he completes the 18th hole it's extended down his pants leg to
his knee.  Thinking to himself that this isn't quite what he had in mind, he
grabs a bucket of balls and heads back out onto the course.  Three weeks later,
he manages another hole-in-one and the genie reappears.
	"Since you've made a hole in one, you may have a single wish.  What
is your heart's desire?"
	"Yeah, I know all that," replies the man.  "Listen, could you make
my legs longer?"


If you don't like the way I drive, stay off the sidewalk!


Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient.
Don't believe a thing he tells you.


Q:	What is green and comes in Brownies?
A:	Boy Scouts.


Kamikazes do it once.


My wife and I only smoke after sex.  I've had the same pack since 1967.
She's up to three packs a day.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


			Has your family tried 'em?

			   POWDERMILK BISCUITS

		 Heavens, they're tasty and expeditious!

	    They're made from whole wheat, to give shy persons
	   the strength to get up and do what needs to be done.

			   POWDERMILK BISCUITS

	Buy them ready-made in the big blue box with the picture of
	the biscuit on the front, or in the brown bag with the dark
		     stains that indicate freshness.


What this country needs is a dime that will buy a good five-cent bagel.


		What I Did During My Fall Semester
On the first day of my fall semester, I got up.
Then I went to the library to find a thesis topic.
Then I hung out in front of the Dover.

On the second day of my fall semester, I got up.
Then I went to the library to find a thesis topic.
Then I hung out in front of the Dover.

On the third day of my fall semester, I got up.
Then I went to the library to find a thesis topic.
I found a thesis topic:
	How to keep people from hanging out in front of the Dover.
		-- Sister Mary Elephant,
		   "Student Statement for Black Friday"


Had he and I but met
By some old ancient inn,		But ranged as infantry,
We should have sat us down to wet	And staring face to face,
Right many a nipperkin!			I shot at him as he at me,
					And killed him in his place.
I shot him dead because --
Because he was my foe,			He thought he'd 'list, perhaps,
Just so: my foe of course he was;	Off-hand-like -- just as I --
That's clear enough; although		Was out of work -- had sold his traps
					No other reason why.
Yes; quaint and curious war is!
You shoot a fellow down
You'd treat, if met where any bar is
Or help to half-a-crown.
		-- Thomas Hardy


A lover without indiscretion is no lover at all.
		-- Thomas Hardy


Langsam's Laws:
	(1) Everything depends.
	(2) Nothing is always.
	(3) Everything is sometimes.


VMS, n.:
	The world's foremost multi-user adventure game.


The best laid plans of mice and men are held up in the legal department.


Robot, n.:
	University administrator.


MEMO:
	An interoffice communication too often written more for
	the benefit of the person who sends it than the person
	who receives it.


Gumperson's Law:
	The probability of a given event
	occurring is inversely proportional to its desirability.


Mind your own business, then you don't mind mine.


I've had one child.  My husband wants to have another.  I'd like to
watch him have another.
		-- Rita Rudner


You just wait, I'll sin till I blow up!
		-- Dylan Thomas


There has been a little distress selling on the stock exchange.
		-- Thomas W. Lamont, October 29, 1929


	An airplane pilot got engaged to two very pretty women at the same
time.  One was named Edith; the other named Kate.  They met, discovered they
had the same fiancee, and told him.  "Get out of our lives you rascal.  We'll
teach you that you can't have your Kate and Edith, too."


Cohn's Law:
	The more time you spend in reporting on what you are doing, the less
	time you have to do anything.  Stability is achieved when you spend
	all your time reporting on the nothing you are doing.


The young Georgia miss came to the hospital for a checkup.
	"Have you been X-rayed?" asked the doctor.
	"Nope," she said, "but ah've been ultraviolated."


Economists state their GNP growth projections to the nearest tenth of a
percentage point to prove they have a sense of humor.
		-- Edgar R. Fiedler


Heard tell that the Iron Magnolia wanted to divorce ol' Jimmy.
Seems he's screwing everyone but her.


I just got out of the hospital after a
speed reading accident.  I hit a bookmark.
		-- Steven Wright


SYSTEM-INDEPENDENT:
	Works equally poorly on all systems.


Not only is this incomprehensible, but the ink is
ugly and the paper is from the wrong kind of tree.
		-- Professor W., EECS, George Washington University

I'm looking forward to working with you on this next year.
		-- Professor, Harvard, on a senior thesis


The early worm gets the bird.


Blessed are the forgetful:  for they
get the better even of their blunders.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Pour guerir un acces de fievre
Un jeune homme poursuivit un lievre;
	Il le prit a son trou,
	Et fit faire un ragout
Des entrailles et des pattes au genievre.
		-- Edward Gorey


In the middle of a wide field is a pot of gold.  100 feet to the north stands
a smart manager.  100 feet to the south stands a dumb manager.  100 feet to
the east is the Easter Bunny, and 100 feet to the west is Santa Claus.

Q:	Who gets to the pot of gold first?
A:	The dumb manager.  All the rest are myths.


Now hear this fair lass from Rhode Isle
Who said with a wink and a smile,
	"Sure, please stick it in,
	Be it thick be it thin,
But if's rough I won't do as a file."


Several years ago, some smart businessmen had an idea: Why not build a
big store where a do-it-yourselfer could get everything he needed at
reasonable prices?  Then they decided, nah, the hell with that, let's
build a home center.  And before long home centers were springing up
like crabgrass all over the United States.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Zounds!  I was never so bethump'd with words
since I first call'd my brother's father dad.
		-- William Shakespeare, "King John"


Marriage is a great institution -- but I'm
not ready for an institution yet.
		-- Mae West


It does not do to leave a live dragon out of your calculations.


We were so poor we couldn't afford a watchdog.
If we heard a noise at night, we'd bark ourselves.
		-- Crazy Jimmy


HERPES:
	The final proof that 'tis better to give than to receive.
	Much better.


Truly simple systems... require infinite testing.
		-- Norman Augustine


Stenderup's Law:
	The sooner you fall behind, the more time you will have to catch up.


Fifth Law of Applied Terror:
	If you are given an open-book exam, you will forget your book.
Corollary:
	If you are given a take-home exam, you will forget where you live.


Argue for your limitations, and sure enough, they're yours.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


No man is an island if he's on at least one mailing list.


Sendmail may be safely run set-user-id to root.
		-- Eric Allman, "Sendmail Installation Guide"


Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
		-- Wittgenstein


Nobody ever ruined their eyesight by looking at the bright side of something.


The Sultan was peeved with his harem,
And cooked up a scheme for to scare'em.
	He caught a big mouse
	Which he loosed in the house.
(Such confusion is called harem-scarem).


The good (I am convinced, for one)
Is but the bad one leaves undone.
Once your reputation's done
You can live a life of fun.
		-- Wilhelm Busch


It has been justly observed by sages of all lands that although a man may be
most happily married and continue in that state with the utmost contentment,
it does not necessarily follow that he has therefore been struck stone-blind.
		-- H. Warner Munn


fortune: No such file or directory


Just remember: when you go to court, you are trusting your fate to
twelve people that weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty!


I see a bad moon rising.
I see trouble on the way.
I see earthquakes and lightnin'
I see bad times today.
Don't go 'round tonight,
It's bound to take your life.
There's a bad moon on the rise.
		-- J. C. Fogerty, "Bad Moon Rising"


The Sixth Commandment of Frisbee:
	The greatest single aid to distance is for the disc to be going
in a direction you did not want.  (Goes the wrong way = Goes a long
way.)
		-- Dan Roddick


Were it not for the presence of the unwashed and the half-educated, the
formless, queer and incomplete, the unreasonable and absurd, the infinite
shapes of the delightful human tadpole, the horizon would not wear so wide
a grin.
		-- F. M. Colby, "Imaginary Obligations"


1 + 1 = 3, for large values of 1.


Reality is for people who lack imagination.


It seems that a rabbi, a priest and a minister decided to go fishing one
sunny afternoon.  All three climbed into the boat and headed for the middle
of the lake.  After several hours of relaxation, the minister decided that
"nature was calling", and climbed out of the boat and walked ashore.  In
a few moments, he walked back out to the boat and climbed back in.
	The rabbi was absolutely astonished, but decided not to mention
the apparent miracle.
	A few minutes later, the priest also decided to go ashore for a
moment, and climbed out of the boat, walked to shore, and a few minutes
later came back.
	By now the rabbi was in great distress and had begun to doubt his
beliefs and wonder if there might be some validity to the Christian
teachings.  But he immediately reaffirmed the fact that his faith WAS JUST
AS STRONG as either the priest's or the minister's and decided that anything
they could do, with God's help, he could do as well.
	The rabbi then announced that he needed relief and would walk to
shore.  He climbed out of the boat and went straight to the bottom of the
lake.  While the rabbi was thrashing about in the water, the priest turned to
the minister and said, "So... do you think we ought to tell him where the
rocks are?"


Coito ergo sum


If men couldn't fuck there'd be a bounty on their heads.


Let the people think they govern and they will be governed.
		-- William Penn, founder of Pennsylvania


	A father gave his teenage daughter an untrained pedigreed pup for
her birthday.  An hour later, when wandered through the house, he found her
looking at a puddle in the center of the kitchen.  "My pup," she murmured
sadly, "runneth over."


It's easy to forgive someone for being wrong;
it's much harder to forgive them for being right.


I hate dying.
		-- Dave Johnson


THE THREE MOST COMMONLY-ASKED QUESTIONS AT DISNEYLAND:

1) Where's the bathroom?
2) What time does the parade start?
3) Do you sell anything without that damn mouse on it?


We have more to fear from the bungling of the incompetent
than from the machinations of the wicked.


Heuristics are bug ridden by definition.
If they didn't have bugs, then they'd be algorithms.


I had never been too political, but I knew how white people treated black
people and it was hard for me to come back to the bullshit white people
put a black person through in this country.  To realize you don't have any
power to make things different is a bitch.
		-- Miles Davis


A government that is big enough to give you all you want is big enough
to take it all away.
		-- Barry Goldwater


A grade school teacher, who was doing a unit on World War II heard that
the father of one of her students had been a fighter pilot during the war
with one of the Scandinavian Air Forces.  She invited him to come in and
speak to the class.  The guy was more than happy to talk, and began with
a story about a morning patrol where he had been nearly shot down.
	"We had been up for about 20 minutes flying over enemy held
territory, when we noticed, just in time, 3 Fokkers diving on us from above."
At the first mention of `Fokkers' the class giggled a little bit.
	"Our group broke formation, and began the dog-fighting.  As we
fought, we noticed 2 more Fokkers coming at us from above and 2 more
Fokkers, fresh from the landing field, come to join the battle".
At this second and third mention of `Fokkers' the class was almost laughing
openly, and the teacher interrupted the story to ask the pilot to explain
to the class that a `Fokker' was a particular type of plane flown by the
German Air Force.
	He replied, "Ya, dat is true, but these Fokkers were Messerschmitts."


It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.
		-- Roger Babson


Who loves not wisely but too well
Will look on Helen's face in hell,
But he whose love is thin and wise
Will view John Knox in Paradise.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Where humor is concerned there are no standards -- no one can say what
is good or bad, although you can be sure that everyone will.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


The first Rotarian was the first man to call John the Baptist "Jack."
		-- H. L. Mencken


... it still remains true that as a set of cognitive beliefs about the
existence of God in any recognizable sense continuous with the great
systems of the past, religious doctrines constitute a speculative
hypothesis of an extremely low order of probability.
		-- Sidney Hook


Programming Department:
	Mistakes made while you wait.


Fools rush in -- and get the best seats in the house.


Campbell's Law:
	Nature abhors a vacuous experimenter.


No discipline is ever requisite to force attendance upon
lectures which are really worth the attending.
		-- Adam Smith, "The Wealth of Nations"


Ma Bell runs a baudy house.


You won't skid if you stay in a rut.
		-- Frank Hubbard


The tree of research must from time to time
be refreshed with the blood of bean counters.
		-- Alan Kay


Understanding is always the understanding of a smaller problem
in relation to a bigger problem.
		-- P. D. Ouspensky


My way of joking is to tell the truth.
That's the funniest joke in the world.
		-- Muhammad Ali


The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep.
		-- W. C. Fields


	Everything is farther away than it used to be.  It is even twice as
far to the corner and they have added a hill.  I have given up running for
the bus; it leaves earlier than it used to.
	It seems to me they are making the stairs steeper than in the old
days.  And have you noticed the smaller print they use in the newspapers?
	There is no sense in asking anyone to read aloud anymore, as everybody
speaks in such a low voice I can hardly hear them.
	The material in dresses is so skimpy now, especially around the hips
and waist, that it is almost impossible to reach one's shoelaces.  And the
sizes don't run the way they used to.  The 12's and 14's are so much smaller.
	Even people are changing.  They are so much younger than they used to
be when I was their age.  On the other hand people my age are so much older
than I am.
	I ran into an old classmate the other day and she has aged so much
that she didn't recognize me.
	I got to thinking about the poor dear while I was combing my hair
this morning and in so doing I glanced at my own reflection.  Really now,
they don't even make good mirrors like they used to.
		Sandy Frazier, "I Have Noticed"


Our documentation manager was showing her two year old son around the
office.  He was introduced to me, at which time he pointed out that we
were both holding bags of popcorn.  We were both holding bottles of
juice.  But only *_h_e* had a lollipop.

He asked his mother, "Why doesn't HE have a lollipop?"

Her reply:

	"He can have a lollipop any time he wants to.  That's what it
	means to be a programmer."


Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired
signifies in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not
fed, those who are cold and are not clothed.  This world in arms is not
spending money alone.  It is spending the sweat of its laborers, the
genius of its scientists, the hopes of its children.  This is not a way
of life at all in any true sense.  Under the clouds of war, it is
humanity hanging on a cross of iron.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower, April 16, 1953


Q:	How do you tell that your roommate's gay?
A:	When his cock tastes like shit.


Welcome back, my friends, to the show that never ends!
We're so glad you could attend, come inside, come inside!
There behind the glass there's a real blade of grass,
Be careful as you pass, move along, move along.
Come inside, the show's about to start,
Guaranteed to blow your head apart.
Rest assured, you'll get your money's worth,
Greatest show, in heaven, hell or earth!
You gotta see the show!  It's a dynamo!
You gotta see the show!  It's rock 'n' roll!
		-- ELP, "Karn Evil 9" (1st Impression, Part 2)


A fool must now and then be right by chance.


It was one of those perfect summer days -- the sun was shining, a breeze
was blowing, the birds were singing, and the lawn mower was broken ...
		-- James Dent


Abscond, v.:
	To be unexpectedly called away to the bedside of a dying relative
	and miss the return train.


Lookie, lookie, here comes cookie...
		-- Stephen Sondheim


	Robert Kennedy's 1964 Senatorial campaign planners told him that
their intention was to present him to the television viewers as a sincere,
generous person.  "You going to use a double?" asked Kennedy.

	Thumbing through a promotional pamphlet prepared for his 1964
Senatorial campaign, Robert Kennedy came across a photograph of himself
shaking hands with a well-known labor leader.
	"There must be a better photo that this," said Kennedy to the
advertising men in charge of his campaign.
	"What's wrong with this one?" asked one adman.
	"That fellow's in jail," said Kennedy.
		-- Bill Adler, "The Washington Wits"


The heaviest object in the world is the
body of the woman you have ceased to love.
		-- Marquis de Lac de Clapiers Vauvenargues


Advertising is a valuable economic factor because it is the cheapest
way of selling goods, particularly if the goods are worthless.
		-- Sinclair Lewis


Necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom.
It is the argument of tyrants; it is the creed of slaves.
		-- William Pitt, 1783


The Shuttle is now going five times the sound of speed.
		-- Dan Rather, first landing of Columbia


