Man is a military animal,
Glories in gunpowder, and loves parade.
		-- P. J. Bailey


We only acknowledge small faults in order
to make it appear that we are free from great ones.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


Hofstadter's Law:
	It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take
	Hofstadter's Law into account.


Notes for a ballet, "The Spell": ... Suddenly Sigmund hears the flutter of
wings, and a group of wild swans flies across the moon ... Sigmund is
astounded to see that their leader is part swan and part woman --
unfortunately, divided lengthwise.  She enchants Sigmund, who is careful
not to make any poultry jokes.
		-- Woody Allen


Stay together, drag each other down.


When a fly lands on the ceiling, does it do a half roll or a half
loop?


An ounce of mother is worth a ton of priest.
		-- Spanish proverb


Nice guys finish last.
		-- Leo Durocher


Anthony's Law of Force:
	Don't force it; get a larger hammer.


There is no Father Christmas.  It's just a marketing ploy to make low income
parents' lives a misery.  ...  I want you to picture the trusting face of a
child, streaked with tears because of what you just said.  I want you to
picture the face of its mother, because one week's dole won't pay for one
Master of the Universe Battlecruiser!
		-- Filthy Rich and Catflap


Failed Attempts To Break Records
	In September 1978 Mr. Terry Gripton, of Stafford, failed to break
the world shouting record by two and a half decibels.  "I am not surprised
he failed," his wife said afterwards.  "He's really a very quiet man and
doesn't even shout at me."
	In August of the same year Mr. Paul Anthony failed to break the
record for continuous organ playing by 387 hours.
	His attempt at the Golden Fish Fry Restaurant in Manchester ended
after 36 hours 10 minutes, when he was accused of disturbing the peace.
"People complained I was too noisy," he said.
	In January 1976 Mr. Barry McQueen failed to walk backwards across
the Menai Bridge playing the bagpipes.  "It was raining heavily and my
drone got waterlogged," he said.
	A TV cameraman thwarted Mr. Bob Specas' attempt to topple 100,000
dominoes at the Manhattan Center, New York on 9 June 1978.  97,500 dominoes
had been set up when he dropped his press badge and set them off.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Pollyanna's Educational Constant:
	The hyperactive child is never absent.


You know it's going to be a bad day when you want to put on the clothes
you wore home from the party and there aren't any.


When it comes to broken marriages most husbands will split the blame --
half his wife's fault, and half her mother's.


LEO (Jul. 23 to Aug. 22)
	Your presence, poise, charm and good looks won't even help you today.
	Look over your shoulder; an ugly person may be following you.  Be on
	your toes.  Brush your teeth.  Take Geritol.


Microbiology Lab:  Staph Only!


Pauca sed matura.  (Few but excellent.)
		-- Gauss


All husbands are alike, but they have different faces so you can tell
them apart.


I try to keep an open mind, but not so open that my brains fall out.
		-- Judge Harold T. Stone


	Lassie looked brilliant, in part because the farm family she
lived with was made up of idiots.  Remember?  One of them was always
getting pinned under the tractor, and Lassie was always rushing back to
the farmhouse to alert the other ones.  She'd whimper and tug at their
sleeves, and they'd always waste precious minutes saying things: "Do
you think something's wrong?  Do you think she wants us to follow her?
What is it, girl?", etc., as if this had never happened before, instead
of every week.  What with all the time these people spent pinned under
the tractor, I don't see how they managed to grow any crops whatsoever.
They probably got by on federal crop supports, which Lassie filed the
applications for.
		-- Dave Barry


Your mode of life will be changed to ASCII.


War is like love, it always finds a way.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "Mother Courage"


Brokee, n.:
	Someone who buys stocks on the advice of a broker.


"Can you be more stupid than aggravating the judge AND your lawyer?
No? Oh yes you can: You can aggravate the whole kernel community."
		-- Alexander Lyamin (about Hans Reisers murder trial)


The explanation requiring the fewest assumptions
is the most likely to be correct.
		-- William of Occam


The man who sets out to carry a cat by its tail learns something that
will always be useful and which never will grow dim or doubtful.
		-- Mark Twain


Other than that, Mrs. Lincoln, how did you like the play?


Truth has no special time of its own.  Its hour is now -- always.
		-- Albert Schweitzer


If you think things can't get worse it's probably only because you
lack sufficient imagination.


It may be bad manners to talk with your mouth full, but it isn't too
good either if you speak when your head is empty.


Mount St. Helens should have used earth control.


Waiter: "Tea or coffee, gentlemen?"
1st customer: "I'll have tea."
2nd customer: "Me, too -- and be sure the glass is clean!"
	(Waiter exits, returns)
Waiter: "Two teas.  Which one asked for the clean glass?"


That Harvard don down at El Djim --
Oh, wasn't it nasty of him,
	With the whole harem randy,
	The sheik himself handy,
To muss up a young camel's quim.


If God had meant for us to have group sex, he'd have given us more organs.
		-- Malcolm Bradbury


Center meeting at 4pm in 2C-543.


She's genuinely bogus.


I have no doubt the Devil grins,
As seas of ink I spatter.
Ye gods, forgive my "literary" sins--
The other kind don't matter.
		-- Robert W. Service


Laetrile is the pits.


You can not get anything worthwhile done without raising a sweat.
		-- The First Law Of Thermodynamics

What ever you want is going to cost a little more than it is worth.
		-- The Second Law Of Thermodynamics

You can not win the game, and you are not allowed to stop playing.
		-- The Third Law Of Thermodynamics


No, "Eureka" is Greek for "This bath is too hot."
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


A Galileo could no more be elected president of the United States than
he could be elected Pope of Rome.  Both high posts are reserved for men
favored by God with an extraordinary genius for swathing the bitter
facts of life in bandages of self-illusion.
		-- H. L. Mencken


You've got to pity New Mexico... so far from heaven and so close to Texas.


Parsley is gharsley.
		-- Ogden Nash


Two men were standing around talking while nearby a large German Shepherd
lay licking his balls.  One man says to the other, "Damn, I wish I could
do that."
	The other man replies, "Well, it's okay by me, but I think you
ought to get to know him a little first."


Why not go out on a limb?
Isn't that where the fruit is?


Necrophilia, n.:
	Dropping in for a cold one.


Some men are heterosexual, and some are bisexual, and some men don't think
about sex at all... they become lawyers.
		-- Woody Allen


when i die, i'd like to go peacefully.
in my sleep.
like my grandfather.

not screaming,
like the passengers in his car...


You can fool some of the people all of the time and all
of the people some of the time, but you can never fool your Mom.


Hewett's Observation:
	The rudeness of a bureaucrat is inversely proportional to his or
	her position in the governmental hierarchy and to the number of
	peers similarly engaged.


Hale Mail Rule, The:
	When you are ready to reply to a letter, you will lack at least
	one of the following:
			(a) A pen or pencil or typewriter.
			(b) Stationery.
			(c) Postage stamp.
			(d) The letter you are answering.


What goes up must come down.  But don't expect it to come down
where you can find it.  Murphy's Law applied to Newton's.


As crazy as hauling timber into the woods.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Flattery is like cologne -- to be smelled, but not swallowed.
		-- Josh Billings


Don't despise your poor relations, they may become suddenly rich one day.
		-- Josh Billings


A sense of humor keen enough to show a man his own absurdities will keep
him from the commission of all sins, or nearly all, save those that are
worth committing.
		-- Samuel Butler


If the vendors started doing everything right, we would be out of a job.
Let's hear it for OSI and X!  With those babies in the wings, we can count
on being employed until we drop, or get smart and switch to gardening,
paper folding, or something.
		-- C. Philip Wood


ALBRECHT'S LAW:
	Social innovations tend to the level
	of minimum tolerable well-being.


A single flow'r he sent me, since we met.
All tenderly his messenger he chose;
Deep-hearted, pure, with scented dew still wet--
One perfect rose.

I knew the language of the floweret;
"My fragile leaves," it said, "his heart enclose."
Love long has taken for his amulet
One perfect rose.

Why is it no one ever sent me yet
One perfect limousine, do you suppose?
Ah no, it's always just my luck to get
One perfect rose.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "One Perfect Rose"


QOTD:
	"What do you mean, you had the dog fixed?  Just what made you
	think he was broken!"


	The devout Jew was beside himself because his son had been dating
a shiksa, so he went to visit his rabbi.  The rabbi listened solemnly to
his problem, took his hand, and said, "Pray to God."
	So the Jew went to the synagogue, bowed his head, and prayed, "God,
please help me.  My son, my favorite son, he's going to marry a shiksa, he
sees nothing but goyim..."
	"Your son," boomed down this voice from the heavens, "you think
you got problems.  What about my son?"


