If God is perfect, why did He create discontinuous functions?


Blow it out your ass!


USENET is like a herd of performing elephants with diarrhea --
massive, difficult to redirect, awe-inspiring, entertaining, and
a source of mind-boggling amounts of excrement when you least
expect it.
		-- Gene Spafford


Q:	Why don't blondes eat pickles?
A:	Because they get their head stuck in the jars.

Q:	Why do blondes wear underwear?
A:	To keep their ankles warm.

Q:	How do you kill a blonde?
A:	Put spikes in her shoulder pads.


When a lot of remedies are suggested for
a disease, that means it can't be cured.
		-- Chekhov, "The Cherry Orchard"


The day-to-day travails of the IBM programmer are so amusing to most of us
who are fortunate enough never to have been one -- like watching Charlie
Chaplin trying to cook a shoe.


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #18 -- C-

	This language was named for the grade received by its creator when
he submitted it as a class project in a graduate programming class.  C- is
best described as a "low-level" programming language.  In fact, the language
generally requires more C- statements than machine-code statements to execute
a given task.  In this respect, it is very similar to COBOL.


By the time they had diminished from 50 to 8, the other dwarves began
to suspect "Hungry" ...
		-- Gary Larson, "The Far Side"


Q:	What's black and white and red all over and can't go through
	revolving doors?
A:	A nun with a javelin through her head.


Evening hours "all clear" for romance!
(Tell mate you have to work late.)


The future is going to be boring.
		-- J. G. Ballard


THIS IS PLEDGE WEEK FOR THE FORTUNE PROGRAM

If you like the fortune program, why not support it now with your
contribution of a pithy fortune, clean or obscene?  We cannot continue
without your support.  Less than 14% of all fortune users are
contributors.  That means that 86% of you are getting a free ride.  We
can't go on like this much longer.  Federal cutbacks mean less money
for fortunes, and unless user contributions increase to make up the
difference, the fortune program will have to shut down between midnight
and 8 a.m.  Don't let this happen.  Mail your fortunes right now to
"fortune".  Just type in your favorite pithy saying.  Do it now before
you forget.  Our target is 300 new fortunes by the end of the week.
Don't miss out.  All fortunes will be acknowledged.  If you contribute
30 fortunes or more, you will receive a free subscription to "The
Fortune Hunter", our monthly program guide.  If you contribute 50 or
more, you will receive a free "Fortune Hunter" coffee mug ...


You can pick your friends, and you can pick your nose, but you can't
pick your friend's nose.


Forms follow function, and often obliterate it.


Hear about...
	the fellow who, upon being told by his shrewish wife that she
	would dance on his grave, promptly provided for a burial at sea?


Fourteen years in the professor dodge has taught me that one can argue
ingeniously on behalf of any theory, applied to any piece of literature.
This is rarely harmful, because normally no-one reads such essays.
		-- Robert Parker, quoted in "Murder Ink", ed. D. Wynn


	"I'm looking for adventure, excitement, beautiful women," cried the
young man to his father as he prepared to leave home.  "Don't try to stop me.
I'm on my way."
	"Who's trying to stop you?" shouted the father.  "Take me along!"


A man always needs to remember one thing about
a beautiful woman.  Somewhere, somebody's tired of her.


Graphics blind the eyes.
Audio files deafen the ear.
Mouse clicks numb the fingers.
Heuristics weaken the mind.
Options wither the heart.

The Guru observes the net
but trusts his inner vision.
He allows things to come and go.
His heart is as open as the ether.


The trouble with money is it costs too much!


If your bread is stale, make toast.


I have no right, by anything I do or say, to demean a human being in his
own eyes.  What matters is not what I think of him; it is what he thinks
of himself.  To undermine a man's self-respect is a sin.
		-- Antoine de Saint-Exupery


When my brain begins to reel from my
literary labors, I make an occasional cheese dip.
		-- Ignatius Reilly


Beauty is truth, truth beauty, that is all
Ye know on earth, and all ye need to know.
		-- John Keats


In the eyes of my dog, I'm a man.
		-- Martin Mull


A dead man cannot bite.
		-- Gnaeus Pompeius (Pompey)


If you fool around with something long
enough, it will eventually break.


She's the kind of woman you could fall madly in bed with.


You're not an alcoholic unless you go to the meetings.


Mosher's Law of Software Engineering:
	Don't worry if it doesn't work right.
	If everything did, you'd be out of a job.


Conquering Russia should be done steppe by steppe.


Juall's Law on Nice Guys:
	Nice guys don't always finish last; sometimes they don't finish.
	Sometimes they don't even get a chance to start!


Small things make base men proud.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


The National Short-Sleeved Shirt Association says:
	Support your right to bare arms!


Of course you can't flap your arms and fly to the moon.
After awhile you'd run out of air to push against.


And I heard Jeff exclaim,
As they strolled out of sight,
"Merry Christmas to all --
You take credit cards, right?"
		-- "Outsiders" comic


Beauty is one of the rare things which does not lead to doubt of God.
		-- Jean Anouilh


Ya know, Quaker Oats make you feel good twice!


The Italian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest, "I Can't Get No
Contraception", has been withdrawn after the Pope advised them to
pull it out at the last minute.
		-- Not the Nine O'Clock News


My father, a good man, told me, "Never lose
your ignorance; you cannot replace it."
		-- Erich Maria Remarque


	An Englishman, a Frenchman and an American are captured by cannibals.
The leader of the tribe comes up to them and says, "Even though you are about
to killed, your deaths will not be in vain.  Every part of your body will be
used.  Your flesh will be eaten, for my people are hungry.  Your hair will be
woven into clothing, for my people are naked.  Your bones will be ground up
and made into medicine, for my people are sick.  Your skin will be stretched
over canoe frames, for my people need transportation.  We are a fair people,
and we offer you a chance to kill yourself with our ceremonial knife."
	The Englishman accepts the knife and yells, "God Save the Queen",
while plunging the knife into his heart.
	The Frenchman removes the knife from the fallen body, and yells,
"Vive la France", while plunging the knife into his heart.
	The American removes the knife from the fallen body, and yells,
while stabbing himself all over his body, "Here's your lousy canoe!"


This fortune would be seven words long if it were six words shorter.


A Polish worker walks into a bank to deposit his paycheck.  He has heard
about Poland's economic problems, and he asks what would happen to his
money if the bank collapsed.  "All of our deposits are guaranteed by the
finance ministry, sir," the teller replies.
	"But what if the finance ministry goes broke?" the worker asks.
	"Then the government will intercede to protect the working class,"
the teller says.
	"But what if the government goes broke?" the worker asks.
	"Our socialist comrades in the Soviet Union naturally will come
to our assistance," the teller responds with growing irritation.
	"And if the Soviet Union goes broke?" the worker asks.
	"Idiot!" the teller snorts. "Isn't that worth losing one lousy
paycheck?"
		-- Making the rounds in Warsaw, 1984


I haven't lost my mind; I know exactly where I left it.


Happiness is just an illusion, filled with sadness and confusion.


I think, therefore I am... I think.


A plucked goose doesn't lay golden eggs.


Catholicism has changed tremendously in the recent years.  Now when
Communion is served there is also a salad bar.
		-- Bill Maher


To converse at the distance of the Indes by means of sympathetic contrivances
may be as natural to future times as to us is a literary correspondence.
		-- Joseph Glanvill, 1661


I don't deserve this award, but I have arthritis and I don't
deserve that either.
		-- Jack Benny


Kaufman's Law:
	A policy is a restrictive document to prevent a recurrence
	of a single incident, in which that incident is never mentioned.


And on the third day, Christ arose, pushed aside the rock that had served
as the tomb door, and walked again on the earth.
	And as he departed, a passer-by pointed at the door Jesus had left
open.  "What's the matter with you?" he said. "Born in a barn?"


You see, I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty
attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose.  A fool
takes in all the lumber of every sort he comes across, so that the knowledge
which might be useful to him gets crowded out, or at best is jumbled up with
a lot of other things, so that he has difficulty in laying his hands upon it.
Now the skillful workman is very careful indeed as to what he takes into his
brain-attic.  He will have nothing but the tools which may help him in doing
his work, but of these he has a large assortment, and all in the most perfect
order.  It is a mistake to think that that little room has elastic walls and
can distend to any extent.  Depend upon it there comes a time when for every
addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before.  It is of
the highest importance, therefore, not to have useless facts elbowing out
the useful ones.
		-- Sherlock Holmes


There is an old time toast which is golden for its beauty.
"When you ascend the hill of prosperity may you not meet a friend."
		-- Mark Twain


Out of sight is out of mind.
		-- Arthur Clough


Sendmail may be safely run set-user-id to root.
		-- Eric Allman, "Sendmail Installation Guide"


Promptness is its own reward, if one lives by the clock instead of the sword.


	An American tourist went into a restaurant in a Spanish provincial
city and asked to be served the specialty of the house.  When the dish
arrived he asked what kind of meat it contained.  "These, senor," explained
the waiter in halting English, "are the cojones -- the, what you say, the
testicles -- of the bull killed in the ring today.
	The tourist gulped but tasted the dish and found it delicious.
Returning the following evening, he asked for the same dish.  When it was
served, he commented to the waiter, "But these -- these cojones -- are
much smaller than the ones I had yesterday."
	"True, senor, but the bull -- he does not ALWAYS lose."


	In what can only be described as a surprise move, God has officially
announced His candidacy for the U.S. presidency.  During His press conference
today, the first in over 4000 years, He is quoted as saying, "I think I have
a chance for the White House if I can just get my campaign pulled together
in time.  I'd like to get this country turned around; I mean REALLY turned
around!  Let's put Florida up north for awhile, and let's get rid of all
those annoying mountains and rivers.  I never could stand them!"
	There apparently is still some controversy over the Almighty's
citizenship and other qualifications for the Presidency.  God replied to
these charges by saying, "Come on, would the United States have anyone other
than a citizen bless their country?"


If you do not think about the future, you cannot have one.
		-- John Galsworthy


The economy depends about as much on economists as the weather does on
weather forecasters.
		-- Jean-Paul Kauffmann


If voting could change the system, it would be illegal.
If not voting could change the system, it would be illegal.


Data is not information;
Information is not knowledge;
Knowledge is not wisdom;
		-- Gary Flake


There is more simplicity in a man who eats caviar on impulse than in a
man who eats Grapenuts on principle.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


A man may be so much of everything that he is nothing of anything.
		-- Samuel Johnson


Australia's a lovely land
It's full of bonza blokes,
Sheilas, beer and no-one's queer
Except in Pommie jokes.

Australians are lovely chaps
They're God's own chosen race.
If they ever see a fairy Pom
They'll smash him in the face.

Australians like dressing up
In skirts and having fun
And that's all we were doing
When the Vice Squad came along.
		-- Monty Python


STANDARDS:
	The principles we use to reject other people's code.


I hate trolls.  Maybe I could metamorph it into something else -- like a
ravenous, two-headed, fire-breathing dragon.
		-- Willow


But Officer, I stopped for the last one, and it was green!


There is no proverb that is not true.
		-- Cervantes


"Deep" is a word like "theory" or "semantic" -- it implies all sorts of
marvelous things.  It's one thing to be able to say "I've got a theory",
quite another to say "I've got a semantic theory", but, ah, those who can
claim "I've got a deep semantic theory", they are truly blessed.
		-- Randy Davis


The early worm gets the late bird.


Crusade for Cthulhu!  It Found ME!


You can't cheat the phone company.


Fine day for friends.
So-so day for you.


How to Raise Your I.Q. by Eating Gifted Children
		-- Book title by Lewis B. Frumkes


We was playin' the Homestead Grays in the city of Pitchburgh.  Josh
[Gibson] comes up in the last of the ninth with a man on and us a run
behind.  Well, he hit one.  The Grays waited around and waited around,
but finally the empire rules it ain't comin' down.  So we win.  The
next day, we was disputin' the Grays in Philadelphia when here come
a ball outta the sky right in the glove of the Grays' center fielder.
The empire made the only possible call.  "You're out, boy!" he says
to Josh.  "Yesterday, in Pitchburgh."
		-- Satchel Paige


" "
		-- Charlie Chaplin

" "
		-- Harpo Marx

" "
		-- Marcel Marceau


PURGE COMPLETE.


The New England Journal of Medicine reports that 9 out of 10
doctors agree that 1 out of 10 doctors is an idiot.


You can take all the impact that science considerations have on funding
decisions at NASA, put them in the navel of a flea, and have room left
over for a caraway seed and Tony Calio's heart.
		-- F. Allen


	Them Toad Suckers

How 'bout them toad suckers, ain't they clods?
Sittin' there suckin' them green toady frogs!

Suckin' them hop toads, suckin' them chunkers,
Suckin' them a leapy type, suckin' them flunkers.

Look at them toad suckers, ain't they snappy?
Suckin' them bog frogs sure make's 'em happy!

Them hugger mugger toad suckers, way down south,
Stickin' them sucky toads in they mouth!

How to be a toad sucker, no way to duck it,
Get yourself a toad, rear back, and suck it!
		-- Mason Williams


An idea is an eye given by God for the seeing of God.  Some of these
eyes we cannot bear to look out of, we blind them as quickly as
possible.
		-- Russell Hoban, "Pilgermann"


Nouvelle cuisine, n.:
	French for "not enough food".

Continental breakfast, n.:
	English for "not enough food".

Tapas, n.:
	Spanish for "not enough food".

Dim Sum, n.:
	Chinese for more food than you've ever seen in your entire life.


They just buzzed and buzzed...buzzed.


The blind daters had really hit it off and at the end of the evening, as
they were beginning to undress each other in his apartment, the fellow said,
	"Before we go any further, Charmaine, tell me -- do you have
any special fetishes that I should take into account in bed?"
	"As a matter of fact," smiled the girl, "I do happen to have a foot
fetish -- but I suppose I'd settle for maybe seven or eight inches."


Introducing, the 1010, a one-bit processor.

INSTRUCTION SET
	Code	Mnemonic	What
	0	NOP		No Operation
	1	JMP		Jump (address specified by next 2 bits)

Now Available for only 12 1/2 cents!


To love is good, love being difficult.


Genius, n.:
	A chemist who discovers a laundry additive that rhymes with
	"bright".


CONSULTANT:
	[From con "to defraud, dupe, swindle," or, possibly, French con
	(vulgar) "a person of little merit" + sult elliptical form of
	"insult."]  A tipster disguised as an oracle, especially one who
	has learned to decamp at high speed in spite of a large briefcase
	and heavy wallet.


How is the world ruled, and how do wars start?  Diplomats tell lies to
journalists, and they believe what they read.
		-- Karl Kraus, "Aphorisms and More Aphorisms"


"In the age of the internet attaching a famous name to your personal
opinion to give more weight to it is a very valid strategy."
		-- Benjamin Franklin


One day President Reagan, Chairman Andropov, the Pope, and a boy scout
were flying together in an airplane.  Right out in the middle of
nowhere the plane developed engine trouble and started to go down.
Unfortunately, only three parachutes could be found for the four
passengers!  Andropov grabbed one of the parachutes and declared
"Comrades, as leader of the socialist workers revolution, my life must
be spared," and he jumped out of the plane.  Then Reagan exclaimed "As
leader of the greatest nation on earth, I must keep the world safe for
democracy," and with that he too jumped to safety.  Now if you are
following all this (or counting on your fingers) you must see that
there is only one parachute left for the two remaining passengers.  The
Pope looked kindly upon the boy scout and said "I have had a long and
productive life, my son.  You take the parachute and leave me in God's
hands."  "That's very kind of you," the observant scout replied, "but
there is no need.  Reagan just jumped out with my knapsack."


You have a reputation for being thoroughly reliable and trustworthy.
A pity that it's totally undeserved.


My mother wants grandchildren, so I said, "Mom, go for it!"
		-- Sue Murphy


The majority of husbands remind me of an orangutan trying to play
the violin.
		-- Honore de Balzac


Drinking coffee for instant relaxation?  That's like drinking alcohol for
instant motor skills.
		-- Marc Price


	If you rap your knuckles against a window jamb or door, if you
brush your leg against a bed or desk, if you catch your foot in a curled-
up corner of a rug, or strike a toe against a desk or chair, go back and
repeat the sequence.
	You will find yourself surprised how far off course you were to
hit that window jamb, that door, that chair.  Get back on course and do it
again.  How can you pilot a spacecraft if you can't find your way around
your own apartment?
		-- William S. Burroughs


Here I sit, my cheeks a flexin',
Just gave birth to another Texan.


A lack of leadership is no substitute for inaction.


There are strange things done in the midnight sun
	By the men who moil for gold;
The Arctic trails have their secret tales
	That would make your blood run cold;
The Northern Lights have seen queer sights,
	But the queerest they ever did see
Was that night on the marge of Lake Lebarge
	I cremated Sam McGee.
		-- Robert W. Service


O.K., fine.


The difference between her and the Titanic is that only 1100 men
went down on the Titanic.


Working hard around here is like pissing on yourself in a dark suit;
you get a warm feeling but nobody notices.


There's amnesia in a hangknot,
And comfort in the ax,
But the simple way of poison will make your nerves relax.
	There's surcease in a gunshot,
	And sleep that comes from racks,
	But a handy draft of poison avoids the harshest tax.
You find rest on the hot squat,
Or gas can give you pax,
But the closest corner chemist has peace in packaged stacks.
	There's refuge in the church lot
	When you tire of facing facts,
	And the smoothest route is poison prescribed by kindly quacks.
Chorus:	With an *ugh!* and a groan, and a kick of the heels,
	Death comes quiet, or it comes with squeals --
	But the pleasantest place to find your end
	Is a cup of cheer from the hand of a friend.
		-- Jubal Harshaw, "One For The Road"


Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing.


Whatever you may be sure of, be sure of this: that you are dreadfully like
other people.
		-- James Russell Lowell, "My Study Windows"


I love the smell of napalm in the morning.
		-- Robert Duval, "Apocalypse Now"


Imagination is more important than knowledge.
		-- Albert Einstein


Everything's great in this good old world;
(This is the stuff they can always use.)
God's in his heaven, the hill's dew-pearled;
(This will provide for baby's shoes.)
Hunger and War do not mean a thing;
Everything's rosy where'er we roam;
Hark, how the little birds gaily sing!
(This is what fetches the bacon home.)
		-- Dorothy Parker, "The Far Sighted Muse"


Savage's Law of Expediency:
	You want it bad, you'll get it bad.


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #18 -- C-

	This language was named for the grade received by its creator when
he submitted it as a class project in a graduate programming class.  C- is
best described as a "low-level" programming language.  In fact, the language
generally requires more C- statements than machine-code statements to execute
a given task.  In this respect, it is very similar to COBOL.


VACATION:
	A two-week binge of rest and relaxation so intense that
	it takes another 50 weeks of your restrained workaday
	life-style to recuperate.


God made the world in six days, and was arrested on the seventh.


I used to be Snow White, but I drifted.
		-- Mae West


Money isn't everything -- but it's a long way ahead of what comes next.
		-- Sir Edmond Stockdale


Girls are like pianos.  When they're not upright, they're grand!


Please don't recommend me to your friends--
it's difficult enough to cope with you alone.


"I do love a lay every day,
So whenever you're coming this way
	Just phone in advance
	And I'll jerk off my pants,
And we're set for a sexy soiree!"


True leadership is the art of changing
a group from what it is to what it ought to be.
		-- Virginia Allan


	When managers hold endless meetings, the programmers write games.
When accountants talk of quarterly profits, the development budget is about
to be cut.  When senior scientists talk blue sky, the clouds are about to
roll in.
	Truly, this is not the Tao of Programming.
	When managers make commitments, game programs are ignored.  When
accountants make long-range plans, harmony and order are about to be restored.
When senior scientists address the problems at hand, the problems will soon
be solved.
	Truly, this is the Tao of Programming.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


When Alexander Graham Bell died in 1922, the telephone people
interrupted service for one minute in his honor.  They've been
honoring him intermittently ever since, I believe.
		-- The Grab Bag


You mentioned your name as if I should recognize it, but beyond the
obvious facts that you are a bachelor, a solicitor, a freemason, and
an asthmatic, I know nothing whatever about you.
		-- Sherlock Holmes, "The Norwood Builder"


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"Let the programmer be many and the managers few -- then all will
	be productive."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


We don't care.  We don't have to.  We're the Phone Company.


Every journalist has a novel in him, which is an excellent place for it.


Chapter 2:  Newtonian Growth and Decay

	The growth-decay formulas were developed in the trivial fashion by
Isaac Newton's famous brother Phigg.  His idea was to provide an equation
that would describe a quantity that would dwindle and dwindle, but never
quite reach zero.  Historically, he was merely trying to work out his
mortgage.  Another versatile equation also emerged, one which would define
a function that would continue to grow, but never reach unity.  This equation
can be applied to charging capacitors, over-damped springs, and the human
race in general.


God is dead and I don't feel all too well either....
		-- Ralph Moonen


Worst Response To A Crisis, 1985:
	From a readers' Q and A column in TV GUIDE: "If we get involved
	in a nuclear war, would the electromagnetic pulses from
	exploding bombs damage my videotapes?"


You will stop at nothing to reach your objective,
but only because your brakes are defective.


There's nothing better than good sex.  But bad sex?  A peanut butter
and jelly sandwich is better than bad sex.
		-- Billy Joel


Mary had a little lamb,
boy was the doctor surprised!


We're only in it for the volume.
		-- Black Sabbath


STANDARDS:
	The principles we use to reject other people's code.


A tall, dark stranger will have more fun than you.


There's no such thing as an original sin.
		-- Elvis Costello


Slow day.
Practice crawling.


This fortune cookie program out of order.  For those in desperate
need, please use the program "randchar".  This program generates
random characters, and, given enough time, will undoubtedly come
up with something profound.  It will, however, take it no time at
all to be more profound than THIS program has ever been.


IDLENESS:
	Leisure gone to seed.


Birth, copulation and death.
That's all the facts when you come to brass tacks;
Birth, copulation and death.
		-- T.S. Elliot, "Sweeney Agonistes"


Men use thought only to justify their wrong doings,
and speech only to conceal their thoughts.
		-- Voltaire


Many a woman hasn't realized that she was raped until the check bounced.


If you could get an erection, you would have no need for Emacs.


It is better to have Uranus in Cancer than to have Cancer in Uranus.


Every absurdity has a champion who will defend it.


Keep on keepin' on.


Detroit is Cleveland without the glitter.


QOTD:
	"It wouldn't have been anything, even if it were gonna be a thing."


If he once again pushes up his sleeves in order to compute for 3 days
and 3 nights in a row, he will spend a quarter of an hour before to
think which principles of computation shall be most appropriate.
		-- Voltaire, "Diatribe du docteur Akakia"


	It is always preferable to visit home with a friend.  Your parents will
not be pleased with this plan, because they want you all to themselves and
because in the presence of your friend, they will have to act like mature
human beings.
	The worst kind of friend to take home is a girl, because in that case,
there is the potential that your parents will lose you not just for the
duration of the visit but forever.  The worst kind of girl to take home is one
of a different religion:  Not only will you be lost to your parents forever but
you will be lost to a woman who is immune to their religious/moral arguments
and whose example will irretrievably corrupt you.
	Let's say you've fallen in love with just such a girl and would like
to take her home for the holidays.  You are aware of your parents' xenophobic
response to anyone of a different religion.  How to prepare them for the shock?
	Simple.  Call them up shortly before your visit and tell them that you
have gotten quite serious about somebody who is of a different religion, a
different race and the same sex.  Tell them you have already invited this
person to meet them.  Give the information a moment to sink in and then
remark that you were only kidding, that your lover is merely of a different
religion.  They will be so relieved they will welcome her with open arms.
		-- Playboy, January, 1983


Obviously, a major malfunction has occurred.
		-- Steve Nesbitt, voice of Mission Control, January 28,
		   1986, as the shuttle Challenger exploded within view
		   of the grandstands.


Some companies idea of playing ball is, you play ball with us,
and we'll stick the fucking bat up your ass.


Spelling is a lossed art.


May all your PUSHes be POPped.


He flung himself on his horse and rode madly off in all directions.
		-- Stephen Leacock


New York-- to that tall skyline I come
Flyin' in from London to your door
New York-- lookin' down on Central Park
Where they say you should not wander after dark.
New York.
		-- Simon and Garfunkel


The turtle lives 'twixt plated decks
Which practically conceal its sex.
I think it clever of the turtle
In such a fix to be so fertile.
		-- Ogden Nash


Here I am, fifty-eight, and I still don't know what I want to be when
I grow up.
		-- Peter Drucker


Lank:	Here we go.  We're about to set a new record.
Earl:	(to the crowd) How about a date?
Lank:	We've done it.  Earl has set a new record.  Turned down by
	20,000 women.
		-- Lank and Earl


FORTUNE REMEMBERS THE GREAT MOTHERS: #5

	"And, and, and, and, but, but, but, but!"
		-- Mrs. Janice Markowsky, April 8, 1965


To give of yourself, you must first know yourself.


It is Fortune, not Wisdom, that rules man's life.


Home life as we understand it is no more natural to us than a
cage is to a cockatoo.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


When a Banker jumps out of a window,
jump after him -- that's where the money is.
		-- Robespierre


I go on working for the same reason a hen goes on laying eggs.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Your program is sick!  Shoot it and put it out of its memory.


[It is] best to confuse only one issue at a time.
		-- K&R


Q:	How many members of the U.S.S. Enterprise does it take to change a
	light bulb?
A:	Seven.  Scotty has to report to Captain Kirk that the light bulb in
	the Engineering Section is getting dim, at which point Kirk will send
	Bones to pronounce the bulb dead (although he'll immediately claim
	that he's a doctor, not an electrician).  Scotty, after checking
	around, realizes that they have no more new light bulbs, and complains
	that he "canna" see in the dark.  Kirk will make an emergency stop at
	the next uncharted planet, Alpha Regula IV, to procure a light bulb
	from the natives, who, are friendly, but seem to be hiding something.
	Kirk, Spock, Bones, Yeoman Rand and two red shirt security officers
	beam down to the planet, where the two security officers are promptly
	killed by the natives, and the rest of the landing party is captured.
	As something begins to develop between the Captain and Yeoman Rand,
	Scotty, back in orbit, is attacked by a Klingon destroyer and must
	warp out of orbit.  Although badly outgunned, he cripples the Klingon
	and races back to the planet in order to rescue Kirk et. al. who have
	just saved the natives' from an awful fate and, as a reward, been
	given all lightbulbs they can carry.  The new bulb is then inserted
	and the Enterprise continues on its five year mission.


Blinding speed can compensate for a lot of deficiencies.
		-- David Nichols


Hear about...
	the inexperienced stenographer who discovered that she could lose
	a lot more than letters behind the files?


If you would understand your own age, read the works
of fiction produced in it.  People in disguise speak freely.


Kludge, n.:
	An ill-assorted collection of poorly-matching parts, forming a
	distressing whole.
		-- Jackson Granholm, "Datamation"


Writers who use a computer swear to its liberating power in tones that bear
witness to the apocalyptic power of a new divinity.  Their conviction results
from something deeper than mere gratitude for the computer's conveniences.
Every new medium of writing brings about new intensities of religious belief
and new schisms among believers.  In the 16th century the printed book helped
make possible the split between Catholics and Protestants.  In the 20th
century this history of tragedy and triumph is repeating itself as a farce.
Those who worship the Apple computer and those who put their faith in the IBM
PC are equally convinced that the other camp is damned or deluded.  Each cult
holds in contempt the rituals and the laws of the other.  Each thinks that it
is itself the one hope for salvation.
		-- Edward Mendelson, "The New Republic", February 22, 1988


A businessman was awe-struck by the beautiful redhead at the hotel bar.
Seeing his interest, she quietly informed him that she was a prostitute
and that her price was $500.  He was taken aback by the price, but after
a few minutes of thought he took her up to his room.  She spent a few
minutes in the bathroom and was shocked when she came out to see him
masturbating furiously on the bed.  "What are you doing?", she asked.
	"Baby, for $500, you're not going to get the easy one!"


Moe:	Wanna play poker tonight?
Joe:	I can't. It's the kids' night out.
Moe:	So?
Joe:	I gotta stay home with the nurse.


She was only a mortician's daughter but anyone cadaver.


Priority:
	A statement of the importance of a user or a program.  Often
	expressed as a relative priority, indicating that the user doesn't
	care when the work is completed so long as he is treated less
	badly than someone else.


Succumb to natural tendencies.  Be hateful and boring.


An Hacker there was, one of the finest sort
Who controlled the system; graphics was his sport.
A manly man, to be a wizard able;
Many a protected file he had sitting on his table.
His console, when he typed, a man might hear
Clicking and feeping wind as clear,
Aye, and as loud as does the machine room bell
Where my lord Hacker was Prior of the cell.
The Rule of good St Savage or St Doeppnor
As old and strict he tended to ignore;
He let go by the things of yesterday
And took the modern world's more spacious way.
He did not rate that text as a plucked hen
Which says that Hackers are not holy men.
And that a hacker underworked is a mere
Fish out of water, flapping on the pier.
That is to say, a hacker out of his cloister.
That was a text he held not worth an oyster.
And I agreed and said his views were sound;
Was he to study till his head wend round
Poring over books in the cloisters?  Must he toil
As Andy bade and till the very soil?
Was he to leave the world upon the shelf?
Let Andy have his labor to himself!
		-- Chaucer
		   [well, almost.  Ed.]


If you cannot convince them, confuse them.
		-- Harry S. Truman


Nobody ever ruined their eyesight by looking at the bright side of something.


It's hard to outrun dead people because they don't have to breathe.
		-- Hokey, describing "Night of the Living Dead"


Support the American Kidney Foundation.
Don't wear your motorcycle helmet.


Australia's a lovely land
It's full of bonza blokes,
Sheilas, beer and no-one's queer
Except in Pommie jokes.

Australians are lovely chaps
They're God's own chosen race.
If they ever see a fairy Pom
They'll smash him in the face.

Australians like dressing up
In skirts and having fun
And that's all we were doing
When the Vice Squad came along.
		-- Monty Python


Suffering alone exists, none who suffer;
The deed there is, but no doer thereof;
Nirvana is, but no one is seeking it;
The Path there is, but none who travel it.
		-- "Buddhist Symbolism", Symbols and Values


Benson, you are so free of the ravages of intelligence.
		-- Time Bandits


