Chemist who falls in acid will be tripping for weeks.


Far duller than a serpent's tooth it is to spend a quiet youth.


The Man Who Almost Invented The Vacuum Cleaner
	The man officially credited with inventing the vacuum cleaner is
Hubert Cecil Booth.  However, he got the idea from a man who almost
invented it.
	In 1901 Booth visited a London music-hall.  On the bill was an
American inventor with his wonder machine for removing dust from carpets.
	The machine comprised a box about one foot square with a bag on top.
After watching the act -- which made everyone in the front six rows sneeze
-- Booth went round to the inventor's dressing room.
	"It should suck not blow," said Booth, coming straight to the
point.  "Suck?", exclaimed the enraged inventor.  "Your machine just moves
the dust around the room," Booth informed him.  "Suck?  Suck?  Sucking is
not possible," was the inventor's reply and he stormed out.  Booth proved
that it was by the simple expedient of kneeling down, pursing his lips and
sucking the back of an armchair.  "I almost choked," he said afterwards.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Why did the Lord give us so much quickness of
movement unless it was to avoid responsibility with?


If God had intended Men to Smoke, He would have put Chimneys in their Heads.


		The STAR WARS Song
	Sung to the tune of "Lola", by the Kinks:

I met him in a swamp down in Dagobah
Where it bubbles all the time like a giant cabinet soda
	S-O-D-A soda
I saw the little runt sitting there on a log
I asked him his name and in a raspy voice he said Yoda
	Y-O-D-A Yoda, Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda

Well I've been around but I ain't never seen
A guy who looks like a Muppet but he's wrinkled and green
	Oh my Yoda, Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda
Well I'm not dumb but I can't understand
How he can raise me in the air just by raising his hand
	Oh my Yoda, Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda, Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda


... computer hardware progress is so fast.  No other technology since
civilization began has seen six orders of magnitude in performance-price
gain in 30 years.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr.


The good (I am convinced, for one)
Is but the bad one leaves undone.
Once your reputation's done
You can live a life of fun.
		-- Wilhelm Busch


The first rule of intelligent tinkering is to save all the parts.
		-- Paul Erlich


Q:	What goes green, red, green, red, pink, pink, pink?
A:	A frog in a blender.

Q:	What do you get if you add 2 eggs to it??
A:	Frognogg.  If you drink it, you croak.


QOTD:
	"Let go of my ears, I know what I'm doing!"


Cum Hilde autem ambulabat
Homo qui aedificabat.
	Dixit volebat.  Debet et potebat.
	Sic ille ducebat.  Statim faciebat.
Sed virginem pine necebat.


Let him choose out of my files, his projects to accomplish.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Coriolanus"


Oregon, n.:
	Eighty billion gallons of water with no place to go on Saturday
night.


It was one time too many
One word too few
It was all too much for me and you
There was one way to go
Nothing more we could do
One time too many
One word too few
		-- Meredith Tanner


For good, return good.
For evil, return justice.


Your mode of life will be changed to EBCDIC.


... So the documentary-makers stick with sharks.  Generally, their
procedure is to scatter bleeding fish pieces around their boat, so as
to infest the waters.  I would estimate that the primary food source of
sharks today is bleeding fish pieces scattered by people making
documentaries.  Once the sharks arrive, they are generally fairly
listless.  The general shark attitude seems to be: "Oh God, another
documentary."  So the divers have to somehow goad them into attacking,
under the guise of Scientific Research.  "We know very little about the
effect of electricity on sharks," the narrator will say, in a deeply
scientific voice.  "That is why Todd is going to jab this Great White
in the testicles with a cattle prod."  The divers keep this kind of
thing up until the shark finally gets irritated and snaps at them, and
then they act as though this was a totally unexpected and very
dangerous development, although clearly it is what they wanted all along.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wonders of Sharks on TV"


Of course you have a purpose -- to find a purpose.


Take care of the luxuries and the
necessities will take care of themselves.
		-- L. Long


Try not to have a good time ...
This is supposed to be educational.
		-- Charles Schulz


Did you know that if you took all the economists in the world and lined
them up end to end, they'd still point in the wrong direction?


You never go anywhere without your soul.


Fine day to work off excess energy.  Steal something heavy.


The Worst Jury
	A murder trial at Manitoba in February 1978 was well advanced, when
one juror revealed that he was completely deaf and did not have the
remotest clue what was happening.
	The judge, Mr. Justice Solomon, asked him if he had heard any
evidence at all and, when there was no reply, dismissed him.
	The excitement which this caused was only equalled when a second
juror revealed that he spoke not a word of English.  A fluent French
speaker, he exhibited great surprised when told, after two days, that he
was hearing a murder trial.
	The trial was abandoned when a third juror said that he suffered
from both conditions, being simultaneously unversed in the English language
and nearly as deaf as the first juror.
	The judge ordered a retrial.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Everybody but Sam had signed up for a new company pension plan that
called for a small employee contribution.  The company was paying all
the rest.  Unfortunately, 100% employee participation was needed;
otherwise the plan was off.  Sam's boss and his fellow workers pleaded
and cajoled, but to no avail.  Sam said the plan would never pay off.
Finally the company president called Sam into his office.
	"Sam," he said, "here's a copy of the new pension plan and here's
a pen.  I want you to sign the papers.  I'm sorry, but if you don't sign,
you're fired.  As of right now."
	Sam signed the papers immediately.
	"Now," said the president, "would you mind telling me why you
couldn't have signed earlier?"
	"Well, sir," replied Sam, "nobody explained it to me quite so
clearly before."


Lookie, lookie, here comes cookie...
		-- Stephen Sondheim


Observe yon plumed biped fine.
To activate its captivation,
Deposit on its termination,
A quantity of particles saline.


When your life is a leaf that the seasons tear off and condemn
They will bind you with love that is graceful and green as a stem.
		-- Leonard Cohen, "Sisters of Mercy"


Living in California is like living in a bowl of granola.
What ain't flakes and nuts is fruits.


President Reagan has noted that there are too many economic
pundits and forecasters and has decided on an excess prophets tax.


Optimist, n.:
	Someone who goes down to the marriage
	bureau to see if his license has expired.


Your step will soil many countries.


A commune is where people join together to share their lack of wealth.
		-- R. Stallman


Then there was the girl who was engaged
to a gymnast -- 'til he broke it off.


This sentence does in fact not have the property it claims not to have.


If you ever want to have a lot of fun, I recommend that you go off and program
an embedded system.  The salient characteristic of an embedded system is that
it cannot be allowed to get into a state from which only direct intervention
will suffice to remove it.  An embedded system can't permanently trust anything
it hears from the outside world.  It must sniff around, adapt, consider, sniff
around, and adapt again.  I'm not talking about ordinary modular programming
carefulness here.  No.  Programming an embedded system calls for undiluted
raging maniacal paranoia.  For example, our ethernet front ends need to know
what network number they are on so that they can address and route PUPs
properly.  How do you find out what your network number is?  Easy, you ask a
gateway.  Gateways are required by definition to know their correct network
numbers.  Once you've got your network number, you start using it and before
you can blink you've got it wired into fifteen different sockets spread all
over creation.  Now what happens when the panic-stricken operator realizes he
was running the wrong version of the gateway which was giving out the wrong
network number?  Never supposed to happen.  Tough.  Supposing that your
software discovers that the gateway is now giving out a different network
number than before, what's it supposed to do about it?  This is not discussed
in the protocol document.  Never supposed to happen.  Tough.  I think you
get my drift.


And if sometime, somewhere, someone asketh thee,
"Who kilt thee?", tell them it 'twas the Doones of Bagworthy!


QOTD:
	"It's men like him that give the Y chromosome a bad name."


CONSULTANT:
	Someone who'd rather climb a tree and tell a
	lie than stand on the ground and tell the truth.


If I have to lay an egg for my country, I'll do it.
		-- Bob Hope


An economist is a man who would marry
Farrah Fawcett-Majors for her money.


My central memory of that time seems to hang on one or five or maybe forty
nights -- or very early mornings -- when I left the Fillmore half-crazy and,
instead of going home, aimed the big 650 Lightning across the Bay Bridge at
a hundred miles an hour ... booming through the Treasure Island tunnel at
the lights of Oakland and Berkeley and Richmond, not quite sure which
turnoff to take when I got to the other end ... but being absolutely certain
that no matter which way I went I would come to a place where people were
just as high and wild as I was: no doubt at all about that.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


TRANSVESTITE:
	Someone who spends his junior year at college abroad.


The surest sign that a man is in love is when he divorces his wife.


Before borrowing money from a friend, decide which you need more.
		-- Addison H. Hallock


Woman:      "Is Yoo-Hoo hyphenated?"
Yogi Berra: "No, ma'am, its not even carbonated."


COMPUTER SCIENCE:
	1) A study akin to numerology and astrology, but lacking the
	   precision of the former and the success of the latter.
	2) The protracted value analysis of algorithms.
	3) The costly enumeration of the obvious.
	4) The boring art of coping with a large number of trivialities.
	5) Tautology harnessed in the service of Man at the speed of light.
	6) The Post-Turing decline in formal systems theory.


Q:	Why do Scotsmen wear kilts?
A:	Because a sheep can hear the sound of a zipper from fifty feet away.
		-- Iain MacKintosh, Glasgow folksinger


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #3:

Q:  When he went, had you gone and had she, if she wanted to and were
    able, for the time being excluding all the restraints on her not to
    go, gone also, would he have brought you, meaning you and she, with
    him to the station?
MR. BROOKS:  Objection.  That question should be taken out and shot.


Flattery will get you everywhere.


I am a deeply superficial person.
		-- Andy Warhol


The use of money is all the advantage there is to having money.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Associate with well-mannered persons and your manners will improve.  Run
with decent folk and your own decent instincts will be strengthened.  Keep
the company of bums and you will become a bum.  Hang around with rich people
and you will end by picking up the check and dying broke.
		-- Stanley Walker


The Bible on letters of reference:

	Are we beginning all over again to produce our credentials?  Do
we, like some people, need letters of introduction to you, or from you?
No, you are all the letter we need, a letter written on your heart; any
man can see it for what it is and read it for himself.
		-- 2 Corinthians 3:1-2, New English translation


Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
		-- Aldous Huxley


Good day to avoid cops.  Crawl to work.


The end of the human race will be that it will eventually die of
civilization.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Bubble Memory, n.:
	A derogatory term, usually referring to a person's
intelligence.  See also "vacuum tube".


Teachers have class.


I think that I shall never hear
A poem lovelier than beer.
The stuff that Joe's Bar has on tap,
With golden base and snowy cap.
The stuff that I can drink all day
Until my mem'ry melts away.
Poems are made by fools, I fear
But only Schlitz can make a beer.


Not all who own a harp are harpers.
		-- Marcus Terentius Varro


If mathematically you end up with the wrong
answer, try multiplying by the page number.


I smell a wumpus.


It wasn't that she had a rose in her teeth, exactly.
It was more like the rose and the teeth were in the same glass.


If you work for a man, in heaven's name, work for him.
If he pays you wages which supply you bread and butter, work for him; speak
	well of him; stand by him, and by the institution he represents.
If put to a pinch, an ounce of loyalty is worth a pound of cleverness.
If you must vilify, condemn and eternally find disparage -- resign your
	position, and when you are outside, damn to your heart's content...
	but, as long as you are part of the institution do not condemn it.
If you do that, you are loosening the tendrils that are holding you to the
	institution, and at the first high wind that comes along, you will
	be uprooted and blown away, and probably will never know the reason
	why.


A song in time is worth a dime.


Two men are in a hot-air balloon.  Soon, they find themselves lost in a
canyon somewhere.  One of the three men says, "I've got an idea.  We can
call for help in this canyon and the echo will carry our voices to the
end of the canyon.  Someone's bound to hear us by then!"
	So he leans over the basket and screams out, "Helllloooooo!  Where
are we?"  (They hear the echo several times).
	Fifteen minutes later, they hear this echoing voice: "Helllloooooo!
You're lost!"
	The shouter comments, "That must have been a mathematician."
	Puzzled, his friend asks, "Why do you say that?"
	"For three reasons.  First, he took a long time to answer, second,
he was absolutely correct, and, third, his answer was absolutely useless."


The sheep died in the wool.


God is not dead.  He is alive and well and working on a
much less ambitious project.


Life is the childhood of our immortality.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


The Gordian Maxim:
If a string has one end, it has another.


Man is the measure of all things.
		-- Protagoras


A man is marooned on a desert island with a female sheep and a male Doberman
for companionship.  The animals soon get it on sexually, and all goes well
until the man becomes unbearably horny and makes his move for the ewe, at
which point the dog interposes himself, snarling, fangs bared.  Months later,
a raft drifts into sight.  The sailor swims out, finds a beautiful girl on it,
takes her to shore and feeds and comforts her.
	"You are so good to me," she responds gratefully.  "I'd do absolutely
anything to show my gratitude."
	"Would you?" smiles the sailor as he unfastens the length of rope
that holds up his ragged pants.  "Well, then, here -- use this as a leash
and take that damn dog for a walk!"


Robot, n.:
	University administrator.


Wanna buy a duck?


The real problem with fucking a sheep is that you have to walk around
in front every time you want to kiss her.


Life is difficult because it is non-linear.


To whom the mornings are like nights,
What must the midnights be!
		-- Emily Dickinson (on hacking?)


To generalize is to be an idiot.
		-- William Blake


What is the sound of one hand clapping?


Avoid revolution or expect to get shot.  Mother and I will grieve, but
we will gladly buy a dinner for the National Guardsman who shot you.
		-- Dr. Paul Williamson, father of a Kent State student


If ever you want to touch the hand and the heart of God Almighty, you can
do it through the body of someone you love.  Anytime.  Anywhere.  Without
no middleman.
		-- Theodore Sturgeon, "Godbody"


Whoever dies with the most toys wins.


Postmen never die, they just lose their zip.


When angry, count four; when very angry, swear.
		-- Mark Twain


Did you ever wonder what you'd say to God if He sneezed?


There's amnesia in a hangknot,
And comfort in the ax,
But the simple way of poison will make your nerves relax.
	There's surcease in a gunshot,
	And sleep that comes from racks,
	But a handy draft of poison avoids the harshest tax.
You find rest on the hot squat,
Or gas can give you pax,
But the closest corner chemist has peace in packaged stacks.
	There's refuge in the church lot
	When you tire of facing facts,
	And the smoothest route is poison prescribed by kindly quacks.
Chorus:	With an *ugh!* and a groan, and a kick of the heels,
	Death comes quiet, or it comes with squeals --
	But the pleasantest place to find your end
	Is a cup of cheer from the hand of a friend.
		-- Jubal Harshaw, "One For The Road"


I once was annoyed by a queer
Who made his intentions quite clear.
	Said I, "I'm no prude,
	So don't think me rude,
But I'm already stewed, screwed, and tattooed."


The propriety of some persons seems to consist in having improper
thoughts about their neighbours.
		-- F. H. Bradley


When a girl admits she's had a checkered career, it's your move.


Cthulhu for President!
	(If you're tired of choosing the lesser of two evils.)


You can find sympathy, in the dictionary, right near shit and suicide.


"Home, Sweet Home" must surely have been written by a bachelor.
		-- Samuel Butler


It is a profitable thing, if one is wise, to seem foolish.
		-- Aeschylus


The computer is the ultimate polluter.
Its shit is indistinguishable from the food it produces.


A definition of teaching: casting fake pearls before real swine.
		-- Bill Cain, "Stand Up Tragedy"


Harrison's Postulate:
For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism.


Most plain girls are virtuous because of the scarcity of opportunity
to be otherwise.
		-- Maya Angelou, "I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings"


No skis take rocks like rental skis!


Never offend people with style when you can offend them with substance.
		-- Sam Brown, "The Washington Post", January 26, 1977


You will remember something that you should not have forgotten.


	"I know a life of crime led me to this sorry state.  I blame
society.  Society made me what I am today!"
	"That's bullshit Archie.  You're just a young suburban punk
like me."
	"It still...  hurts... auugghh!"
	"You're going to be okay..."
		"...gurgle..."
			"... maybe not."
		-- Repo Man


Never argue with a fool -- people might not be able to tell the difference.


Learning at some schools is like drinking from a firehose.


Contemporary American feminism's simplistic psychology is illustrated by
the new cliche of the date-rape furor:  "`No' always means `no'."  Will
we ever graduate from the Girl Scouts?  "No" has always been, and always
will be, part of the dangerous alluring courtship ritual of sex and
seduction, observable even in the animal kingdom.
		-- Camille Paglia, NY Times, Dec. 14 1990, Op Ed.


You don't sew with a fork, so I see no
reason to eat with knitting needles.
		-- Miss Piggy, on eating Chinese Food


Tonight you will pay the wages of sin;
Don't forget to leave a tip.


Any road followed to its end leads precisely nowhere.
Climb the mountain just a little to test it's a mountain.
From the top of the mountain, you cannot see the mountain.
		-- Bene Gesserit proverb, "Dune"


Old age is the most unexpected of things that can happen to a man.
		-- Trotsky


Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity.
They seem more afraid of life than death.
		-- James F. Byrnes


The voluptuous blond was chatting with her handsome escort in a posh
restaurant when their waiter, stumbling as he brought their drinks,
dumped a martini on the rocks down the back of the blonde's dress.  She
sprang to her feet with a wild rebel yell, dashed wildly around the table,
then galloped wriggling from the room followed by her distraught boyfriend.
A man seated on the other side of the room with a date of his own beckoned
to the waiter and said, "We'll have two of whatever she was drinking."


Canonical, adj.:
	The usual or standard state or manner of something.  A true story:
One Bob Sjoberg, new at the MIT AI Lab, expressed some annoyance at the use
of jargon.  Over his loud objections, we made a point of using jargon as
much as possible in his presence, and eventually it began to sink in.
Finally, in one conversation, he used the word "canonical" in jargon-like
fashion without thinking.
	Steele: "Aha!  We've finally got you talking jargon too!"
	Stallman: "What did he say?"
	Steele: "He just used `canonical' in the canonical way."


"Twas bergen and the eirie road
Did mahwah into patterson:		"Beware the Hopatcong, my son!
All jersey were the ocean groves,	The teeth that bite, the nails
And the red bank bayonne.			that claw!
					Beware the bound brook bird, and shun
He took his belmar blade in hand:	The kearney communipaw."
Long time the folsom foe he sought
Till rested he by a bayway tree		And, as in nutley thought he stood,
And stood a while in thought.		The Hopatcong with eyes of flame,
					Came whippany through the englewood,
One, two, one, two, and through		And garfield as it came.
	and through
The belmar blade went hackensack!	"And hast thou slain the Hopatcong?
He left it dead and with it's head	Come to my arms, my perth amboy!
He went weehawken back.			Hohokus day!  Soho!  Rahway!"
					He caldwell in his joy.
Did mahwah into patterson:
All jersey were the ocean groves,
And the red bank bayonne.
		-- Paul Kieffer


God is a comic playing to an audience that's afraid to laugh.


Being a miner, as soon as you're too old and tired and sick and
stupid to do your job properly, you have to go, where the very
opposite applies with the judges.
		-- Beyond the Fringe


Many husbands go broke on the money their wives save on sales.


Brain, n.:
	The apparatus with which we think that we think.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


We have more to fear from the bungling of the incompetent
than from the machinations of the wicked.


Q:	What's the difference between VMS and PMS?

A1:	PMS is only a problem for some people.
A2:	PMS is only a problem for part of the month.
A3:	The drugstore has remedies for PMS.
A4:	People with PMS get sympathy.
A5:	People with PMS don't wish they were UNIX.


Boy, I sure wish that I could be in the
'Advanced Systems Development' group!


In 1869 the waffle iron was invented for people who had wrinkled
waffles.


McDonald's -- Because you're worth it.


	A housewife, an accountant and a lawyer were asked to add 2 and 2.
	The housewife replied, "Four!".
	The accountant said, "It's either 3 or 4.  Let me run those figures
through my spread sheet one more time."
	The lawyer pulled the drapes, dimmed the lights and asked in a
hushed voice, "How much do you want it to be?"


Getting the job done is no excuse for not following the rules.

Corollary:
	Following the rules will not get the job done.


Magnocartic, adj.:
	Any automobile that, when left unattended, attracts shopping
	carts.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


What is a magician but a practicing theorist?
		-- Obi-Wan Kenobi


Every program is a part of some other program, and rarely fits.


The poor little doe
Crawled out of the woods,
Tired, bedraggled and blue.
"Look," she said, "What I did for a buck,
I should have asked for two!"


A lady is one who never shows her underwear unintentionally.
		-- Lillian Day


Grief can take care of itself; but to get the full
value of a joy you must have somebody to divide it with.
		-- Mark Twain


Sex is an emotion in motion.
		-- Mae West


The three faithful things in life are money, a dog and an old woman.


	If I kiss you, that is a psychological interaction.
	On the other hand, if I hit you over the head with a brick,
that is also a psychological interaction.
	The difference is that one is friendly and the other is not
so friendly.
	The crucial point is if you can tell which is which.
		-- Dolph Sharp, "I'm O.K., You're Not So Hot"


God help those who do not help themselves.
		-- Wilson Mizner


Friendships last when each friend thinks he has a slight superiority
over the other.
		-- Honore de Balzac


Tiddely Quiddely
Edward M. Kennedy
Quite unaccountably
Drove in a stream.

Pleas of amnesia
Incomprehensible
Possibly shattered
Political dream.


Small things make base men proud.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


When the shit hits the fan, keep your mouth shut!


We had it tough ... I had to get up at 9 o'clock at night, half an
hour before I went to bed, eat a lump of dry poison, work 29 hours down
mill, and when we came home our Dad would kill us, and dance about on
our grave singing Hallelujah ...
		-- Monty Python


Blue paint today.
		[Funny to Jack Slingwine, Guy Harris and Hal Pierson.  Ed.]


I believe in getting into hot water; it keeps you clean.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


As fathers commonly go, it is seldom a misfortune to be fatherless;
and considering the general run of sons, as seldom a misfortune to
be childless.

The only solid and lasting peace between a man and his wife is,
doubtless, a separation.
		-- Lord Chesterfield, letter to his son (1763)


I saw what you did and I know who you are.


Dorothy:	How can you talk if you haven't got a brain?
Scarecrow:	I don't know.  But some people without brains do an
		awful lot of talking, don't they?
		-- Judy Garland and Ray Bolger, "The Wizard of Oz"


... when fits of creativity run strong, more than one programmer or writer
has been known to abandon the desktop for the more spacious floor.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr.


O imitators, you slavish herd!
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


