Symptom:		Feet cold and wet, glass empty.
Fault:			Glass being held at incorrect angle.
Action Required:	Turn glass other way up so that open end points
			toward ceiling.

Symptom:		Feet warm and wet.
Fault:			Improper bladder control.
Action Required:	Go stand next to nearest dog.  After a while complain
			to the owner about its lack of house training and
			demand a beer as compensation.

		-- Bar Troubleshooting


	A programmer from a very large computer company went to a software
conference and then returned to report to his manager, saying: "What sort
of programmers work for other companies?  They behaved badly and were
unconcerned with appearances. Their hair was long and unkempt and their
clothes were wrinkled and old. They crashed our hospitality suites and they
made rude noises during my presentation."
	The manager said: "I should have never sent you to the conference.
Those programmers live beyond the physical world.  They consider life absurd,
an accidental coincidence.  They come and go without knowing limitations.
Without a care, they live only for their programs.  Why should they bother
with social conventions?"
	"They are alive within the Tao."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Do you smoke after sex?
Why, do you know, I've never looked!


Real programmers don't document; if it was
hard to write, it should be hard to understand.


Best of all is never to have been born.
Second best is to die soon.


Algebraic symbols are used when you do not know what you are talking about.
		-- Philippe Schnoebelen


No one becomes depraved in a moment.
		-- Decimus Junius Juvenalis


You will lose your present job and have to become a door to door
mayonnaise salesman.


Good night, Austin, Texas, wherever you are!


Two golfers were being held up as the twosome of women in front of them
whiffed shots, hunted for lost balls and stood over putts for what seemed
like hours.
	"I'll ask if we can play through," Bill said as he strode toward
the women.  Twenty yards from the green, however, he turned on his heel
and went back to where his companion was waiting.
	"Can't do it," he explained, sheepishly.  "One of them's my wife
and the other's my mistress!"
	"I'll ask," said Jim.  He started off, only to turn and come back
before reaching the green.
	"What's wrong?" Bill asked.
	"Small world, isn't it?"


Pilots should avoid using illegal drugs.
		-- AOPA's Pilot's Handbook, 1988


Just once I would like to persuade the audience not to wear any article of
blue denim.  If only they could see themselves in a pair of brown corduroys
like mine instead of this awful, boring blue denim.  I don't enjoy the sky
or sea as much as I used to because of this Levi character.  If Jesus Christ
came back today, He and I would get into our brown corduroys and go to the
nearest jean store and overturn the racks of blue denim.  Then we'd get
crucified in the morning.
		-- Ian Anderson, of Jethro Tull


	Cosmotronic Software Unlimited Inc. does not warrant that the
functions contained in the program will meet your requirements or that
the operation of the program will be uninterrupted or error-free.
	However, Cosmotronic Software Unlimited Inc. warrants the
diskette(s) on which the program is furnished to be of black color and
square shape under normal use for a period of ninety (90) days from the
date of purchase.
	NOTE: IN NO EVENT WILL COSMOTRONIC SOFTWARE UNLIMITED OR ITS
DISTRIBUTORS AND THEIR DEALERS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING
ANY LOST PROFIT, LOST SAVINGS, LOST PATIENCE OR OTHER INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
		-- Horstmann Software Design, the "ChiWriter" user manual


If you are a fatalist, what can you do about it?
		-- Ann Edwards-Duff


Don't force it, get a larger hammer.
		-- Anthony


But officer, I was only trying to gain enough speed so I could coast
to the nearest gas station.


If you make people think they're thinking, they'll love you;
but if you really make them think they'll hate you.


You are farsighted, a good planner,
an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.


You know you are getting old when you think you should drive the speed limit.
		-- E. A. Gilliam


I did not look behind me, 'till I got to St. Omer's & thence fled to America;
here I offer'd to become a Spy for the English Government which was scornfully
rejected; I then turned to Plunder & Libel the Yankees, for which I was fined
5000 Dollars & kicked out of the Country!  I came back to England (after
absconding for Seven years) & set up the Crown & Mitre to establish my Loyalty!
-- accepted from the Doctor L400 to print & disperse a pamphlet against "the
Hellfire of Reform" ... but applied the Money to purchase an estate at Botley,
& left ye Doctor to pay the Paper & Printing!  Being now Lord of the Manor, I
began by sowing the seeds of discontent through Hampshire; I oppressed the
Poor, sent the Aged to Hell, & damned the eyes of my Parish Apprentices before
they were open'd in the morning! ... and being now supported by a Band of
Reformers, I renewed my old favorite Toast of Damnation to the House of
Brunswick! & being exalted by the sale of 10,000 Political Registers every
week, I find myself the greatest Man in the World! except that Idol of all my
Adorations, his Royal and Imperial Majesty, NAPOLEONE!
		-- William Cobbett, British journalist


Ditat Deus.  (God enriches.)


GEORGIA:
	Where kinky sex means getting laid.


Ever wondered about the origins of the term "bugs" as applied to computer
technology?  U.S. Navy Capt. Grace Murray Hopper has firsthand explanation.
The 74-year-old captain, who is still on active duty, was a pioneer in
computer technology during World War II.  At the C. W. Post Center of Long
Island University, Hopper told a group of Long Island public school adminis-
trators that the first computer "bug" was a real bug--a moth.  At Harvard
one August night in 1945, Hopper and her associates were working on the
"granddaddy" of modern computers, the Mark I.  "Things were going badly;
there was something wrong in one of the circuits of the long glass-enclosed
computer," she said.  "Finally, someone located the trouble spot and, using
ordinary tweezers, removed the problem, a two-inch moth.  From then on, when
anything went wrong with a computer, we said it had bugs in it."  Hopper
said that when the veracity of her story was questioned recently, "I referred
them to my 1945 log book, now in the collection of the Naval Surface Weapons
Center, and they found the remains of that moth taped to the page in
question."
		[actually, the term "bug" had even earlier usage in
		regard to problems with radio hardware.  Ed.]


If you knew what to say next, would you say it?


Everything's great in this good old world;
(This is the stuff they can always use.)
God's in his heaven, the hill's dew-pearled;
(This will provide for baby's shoes.)
Hunger and War do not mean a thing;
Everything's rosy where'er we roam;
Hark, how the little birds gaily sing!
(This is what fetches the bacon home.)
		-- Dorothy Parker, "The Far Sighted Muse"


All men have the right to wait in line.


Be regular and orderly in your life, so that you may be violent
and original in your work.
		-- Flaubert


A fellow bought a new car, a Nissan, and was quite happy with his purchase.
He was something of an animist, however, and felt that the car really ought
to have a name.  This presented a problem, as he was not sure if the name
should be masculine or feminine.
	After considerable thought, he settled on naming the car either
Belchazar or Beaumadine, but remained in a quandry about the final choice.
	"Is a Nissan male or female?" he began asking his friends.  Most of
them looked at him peculiarly, mumbled things about urgent appointments, and
went on their way rather quickly.
	He finally broached the question to a lady he knew who held a black
belt in judo.  She thought for a moment and answered "Feminine."
	The swiftness of her response puzzled him. "You're sure of that?" he
asked.
	"Certainly," she replied. "They wouldn't sell very well if they were
masculine."
	"Unhhh...  Well, why not?"
	"Because people want a car with a reputation for going when you want
it to.  And, if Nissan's are female, it's like they say...  `Each Nissan, she
go!'"

	[No, we WON'T explain it; go ask someone who practices an oriental
	martial art.  (Tai Chi Chuan probably doesn't count.)  Ed.]


Some people have a way about them that seems to say: "If I have
only one life to live, let me live it as a jerk."


There's nothing very mysterious about you, except that
nobody really knows your origin, purpose, or destination.


My sex life hasn't been so good; either fist or famine.


Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid all together.


My wife and I only smoke after sex.  I've had the same pack since 1967.
She's up to three packs a day.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


Your lucky number has been disconnected.


Nine reasons a taco is better than a woman:
	1: Tacos don't put frilly covers on the toilet seat
		so the lid won't stay up.
	2: Tacos don't use your razor on their legs.
	3: Tacos don't say "That's okay, it doesn't have to be good for me."
	4: Tacos don't get upset if you eat another taco, "Just for fun."
	5: Tacos will never contest a divorce,
		demand a property settlement or seek custody of anything.
	6: Tacos won't ask you about your last lover,
		or speculate about your next one.
	7: A taco will never make a scene because
		there are other tacos in the refrigerator.
	8: It's easy to drop a taco.
	9: Tacos don't want to sleep on your chest.


Beifeld's Principle:
	The probability of a young man meeting a desirable and
receptive young female increases by pyramidal progression when he is
already in the company of: (1) a date, (2) his wife, (3) a better
looking and richer male friend.


"God is as real as I am," the old man said.  My faith was restored, for
I knew that Santa would never lie.


Its failings notwithstanding, there is much to be said in favor of journalism
in that by giving us the opinion of the uneducated, it keeps us in touch with
the ignorance of the community.
		-- Oscar Wilde


And on the eighth day, we bulldozed it.


Official Project Stages:
	1. Uncritical Acceptance
	2. Wild Enthusiasm
	3. Dejected Disillusionment
	4. Total Confusion
	5. Search for the Guilty
	6. Punishment of the Innocent
	7. Promotion of the Non-participants


Don't expect people to keep in step--
it's hard enough just staying in line.


For perfect happiness, remember two things:
	(1) Be content with what you've got.
	(2) Be sure you've got plenty.


'Twas bullig, and the slithy brokers
Did buy and gamble in the craze		"Beware the Jabberstock, my son!
All rosy were the Dow Jones stokers	The cost that bites, the worth
By market's wrath unphased.			that falls!
					Beware the Econ'mist's word, and shun
He took his forecast sword in hand:	The spurious Street o' Walls!"
Long time the Boesk'some foe he sought -
Sake's liquidity, so d'vested he,	And as in bearish thought he stood
And stood awhile in thought.		The Jabberstock, with clothes of tweed,
					Came waffling with the truth too good,
Chip Black! Chip Blue! And through	And yuppied great with greed!
	and through
The forecast blade went snicker-snack!	"And hast thou slain the Jabberstock?
It bit the dirt, and with its shirt,	Come to my firm, V.P.ish boy!
He went rebounding back.		O big bucks day! Moolah! Good Play!"
					He bought him a Mercedes Toy.
'Twas panic, and the slithy brokers
Did gyre and tumble in the Crash
All flimsy were the Dow Jones stokers
And mammon's wrath them bash!
		-- Peter Stucki, "Jabberstocky"


The only way to amuse some people
is to slip and fall on an icy pavement.


Lookie, lookie, here comes cookie...
		-- Stephen Sondheim


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(17) The greatest football team in the history of civilization was the
     Pittsburgh Steelers of 1975 through 1980.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Actor			Real Name

Boris Karloff		William Henry Pratt
Cary Grant		Archibald Leach
Edward G. Robinson	Emmanual Goldenburg
Gene Wilder		Gerald Silberman
John Wayne		Marion Morrison
Kirk Douglas		Issur Danielovitch
Richard Burton		Richard Jenkins, Jr.
Roy Rogers		Leonard Slye
Woody Allen		Allen Stewart Konigsberg


They told me I was gullible ... and I believed them!


George Washington was first in war, first in peace -- and the first to
have his birthday juggled to make a long weekend.
		-- Ashley Cooper


	"What's that thing?"
	"Well, it's a highly technical, sensitive instrument we use in
computer repair.  Being a layman, you probably can't grasp exactly what
it does.  We call it a two-by-four."
		-- Jeff MacNelly, "Shoe"


Truth is free, but information costs.


Jim, it's Jack.  I'm at the airport.  I'm going to Tokyo and wanna pay
you the five-hundred I owe you.  Catch you next year when I get back!


Q:	What is the difference between snow-men and snow-women?
A:	Snowballs!


The one sure way to make a lazy man look
respectable is to put a fishing rod in his hand.


Never buy from a rich salesman.
		-- Goldenstern


It's easy to make a friend.  What's hard is to make a stranger.


Here's to the woman beautiful and divine
she flowers every month bears fruit every nine
she's the only creature 'tween heaven and hell
can get the juice from a nut without cracking the shell.


Kissing your hand may make you feel very good, but a diamond and
sapphire bracelet lasts for ever.
		-- Anita Loos, "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes"


Now is the time for drinking;
now the time to beat the earth with unfettered foot.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


I have nothing but utter contempt for the courts of this land.
		-- George Wallace


Associate with well-mannered persons and your manners will improve.  Run
with decent folk and your own decent instincts will be strengthened.  Keep
the company of bums and you will become a bum.  Hang around with rich people
and you will end by picking up the check and dying broke.
		-- Stanley Walker


Being in politics is like being a football coach.  You have to be smart
enough to understand the game and dumb enough to think it's important.
		-- Eugene McCarthy


The best you get is an even break.
		-- Franklin Adams


Today is National Existential Ennui Awareness Day.


What is the difference between a Turing machine and the modern computer?
It's the same as that between Hillary's ascent of Everest and the
establishment of a Hilton on its peak.


Watch your mouth, kid, or you'll find yourself floating home.
		-- Han Solo


I think, therefore I am... I think.


It just doesn't seem right to go over the river and through the woods
to Grandmother's condo.


Buzzword, n.:
	The fly in the ointment of computer literacy.


Once again dread deed is done.
Canon sleeps,
his all-knowing eye shaded
to human chance and circumstance.
Peace reigns anew o'er Pine Valley,
but Canon's sleep is troubled.

Beware, scant days past the Ides of July.
Impatient hands wait eagerly
to grasp, to hold
scant moments of time
wrested from life in the full
glory of Canon's power;
held captive by his unblinking eye.

Three golden orbs stand watch;
one each to toll the day, hour, minute
until predestiny decrees his reawakening.
When that feared moment arrives,
"Ask not for whom the bell tolls,
It tolls for thee."
		-- "I extended the loan on your Camera, at the Pine
		   Valley Pawn Shop today"


	A sheet of paper crossed my desk the other day and as I read it,
realization of a basic truth came over me.  So simple!  So obvious we couldn't
see it.  John Knivlen, Chairman of Palomar Repeater Club, an amateur radio
group, had discovered how IC circuits work.  He says that smoke is the thing
that makes ICs work because every time you let the smoke out of an IC circuit,
it stops working.  He claims to have verified this with thorough testing.
	I was flabbergasted!  Of course!  Smoke makes all things electrical
work.  Remember the last time smoke escaped from your Lucas voltage regulator
Didn't it quit working?  I sat and smiled like an idiot as more of the truth
dawned.  It's the wiring harness that carries the smoke from one device to
another in your Mini, MG or Jag.  And when the harness springs a leak, it lets
the smoke out of everything at once, and then nothing works.  The starter motor
requires large quantities of smoke to operate properly, and that's why the wire
going to it is so large.
	Feeling very smug, I continued to expand my hypothesis.  Why are Lucas
electronics more likely to leak than say Bosch?  Hmmm...  Aha!!!  Lucas is
British, and all things British leak!  British convertible tops leak water,
British engines leak oil, British displacer units leak hydrostatic fluid, and
I might add British tires leak air, and the British defense unit leaks
secrets... so naturally British electronics leak smoke.
		-- Jack Banton, PCC Automotive Electrical School


God shows his contempt for wealth by the kind of person he selects
to receive it.
		-- Austin O'Malley


Your love life will be happy and harmonious.


Eating chocolate is like being in love without the aggravation.


I don't know why women get so upset, they have half the
money and all the pussy.
		-- Gary Bussy, "DC Cab"


	"The Good Ship Enterprise" (to the tune of "The Good Ship Lollipop")

On the good ship Enterprise
Every week there's a new surprise
Where the Romulans lurk
And the Klingons often go berserk.

Yes, the good ship Enterprise
There's excitement anywhere it flies
Where Tribbles play
And Nurse Chapel never gets her way.

	See Captain Kirk standing on the bridge,
	Mr. Spock is at his side.
	The weekly menace, ooh-ooh
	It gets fried, scattered far and wide.

It's the good ship Enterprise
Heading out where danger lies
And you live in dread
If you're wearing a shirt that's red.
		-- Doris Robin and Karen Trimble of The L.A. Filkharmonics


I came out of twelve years of college and I didn't even know how to sew.
All I could do was account -- I couldn't even account for myself.
		-- The Firesign Theatre


Westheimer's Discovery:
	A couple of months in the laboratory can
	frequently save a couple of hours in the library.


Eat, drink, and be merry!  Tomorrow you may be in Utah.


Women come and go, but BSD is forever.
		-- Derek Young


A real gentleman never takes bases unless he really has to.
		-- Overheard in an algebra lecture


You never learned anything by doing it right.


I don't mind arguing with myself.
It's when I lose that it bothers me.
		-- Richard Powers


He has not acquired a fortune; the fortune has acquired him.
		-- Bion


But these pills can't be habit forming;
I've been taking them for years.


The pleasure is transitory, the cost
prohibitive, and the position ridiculous.
		-- Disraeli, on sex


A computer scientist is someone who fixes things that aren't broken.


Inspector:	"Mrs. Freem, was this your husband's first
			hunting accident?"
Mrs. Freem:	"His first fatal one, yes."
		-- Woody Allen


I've only got 12 cards.


Where it is a duty to worship the sun it is pretty sure to be a crime to
examine the laws of heat.
		-- Christopher Morley


You see things; and you say "Why?"
But I dream things that never were; and I say "Why not?"
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "Back to Methuselah"
		   [No, it wasn't John F. Kennedy.  Ed.]


A public debt is a kind of anchor in the storm; but if the anchor be
too heavy for the vessel, she will be sunk by that very weight which
was intended for her preservation.
		-- Colton


Reply hazy, ask again later.


FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #2

	Never goose a wolverine.


I either want less decadence or more chance to participate in it.


So I'm ugly.  So what?  I never saw anyone hit with his face.
		-- Yogi Berra


Don't look now, but your mother is having sex with a horse.


Conversation enriches the understanding,
but solitude is the school of genius.


Life exists for no known purpose.


One big pile is better than two little piles.
		-- Arlo Guthrie


Damn braces.
		-- William Blake, "Proverbs of Hell"


We are not alone.


Neuroses are red,
	Melancholia's blue.
I'm schizophrenic,
	What are you?


Chemist who falls in acid will be tripping for weeks.


I was born in a barrel of butcher knives
Trouble I love and peace I despise
Wild horses kicked me in my side
Then a rattlesnake bit me and he walked off and died.
		-- Bo Diddley


Their idea of an offer you can't refuse is an offer...
and you'd better not refuse.


Q:	Why are Jewish divorces so expensive?
A:	Because they're worth it!


Cutting the space budget really restores my faith in humanity.  It
eliminates dreams, goals, and ideals and lets us get straight to the
business of hate, debauchery, and self-annihilation.
		-- Johnny Hart


Marriage is an institution in which two undertake
to become one, and one undertakes to become nothing.


You are in the hall of the mountain king.


Boy, get your head out of the stars above,
You get the maximum pleasure from a minimum of love.
Save your heart and let your body be enough,
To get the maximum pleasure from a minimum of love.
Save your heart and let your body be enough,
And get the maximum pleasure from a minimum of love.
		-- Mac Macinelli, "Minimum Love"


The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away.
Indian Giver be the name of the Lord.


A virginal is a harpsichord that has never been plucked.


TV is chewing gum for the eyes.
		-- Frank Lloyd Wright


He:	Do you like Kipling?
She:	Oh, you naughty boy, I don't know!  I've never kippled!


You will be advanced socially,
without any special effort on your part.


All I need to have a good time,
Is a reefer, a woman and a bottle of wine.
With those three things I don't need no sunshine,
A reefer, a woman and a bottle of wine.

All I want is to never grow old,
I want to wash in a bathtub of gold.
I want 97 kilos already rolled,
I want to wash in a bathtub of gold.

I want to light my cigars with 10 dollar bills,
I like to have a cattle ranch in Beverly Hills.
I want a bottle of Red Eye that's always filled,
I like to have a cattle ranch in Beverly Hills.
		-- Country Joe and the Fish, "Zachariah"


When you are about to do an objective and scientific piece of investigation
of a topic, it is well to have the answer firmly in hand, so that you can
proceed forthrightly, without being deflected or swayed, directly to the
goal.
		-- Amrom Katz


Drop the vase and it will become a Ming of the past.
		-- The Adventurer


That Xanthippe's husband should have become so great a philosopher is
remarkable.  Amid all the scolding, to be able to think!  But he could not
write: that was impossible.  Socrates has not left us a single book.
		-- Heine


For those who like this sort of thing, this is the sort of thing they like.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Saint Peteer was once heard to boast
That he'd had all the heavenly host:
	The Father and Son,
	And then - just for fun -
The hole in the Holy Ghost.


Your depth of comprehension may tend to make you lax in worldly ways.


Talk is cheap because supply always exceeds demand.


Network packets are like buses.  You wait all day, and then 3Com
along at once.


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #5 -- LAIDBACK

	LAIDBACK was developed at the (now defunct) Marin County Center for
T'ai Chi, Mellowness and Computer Programming, as an alternative to the more
intense languages of nearby Silicon Valley.
	The Center was ideal for programmers who liked to soak in hot tubs
while they worked.  Unfortunately, few programmers could survive there long,
since the Center outlawed pizza and RC Cola in favor of bean curd and Perrier.
	Many mourn the demise of LAIDBACK because of its reputation as a
gentle and nonthreatening language.  For example, LAIDBACK responded to
syntax errors with the message SORRY MAN, I JUST CAN'T DEAL BEHIND THAT.


An authority is a person who can tell you more about something than you
really care to know.


Euch ist bekannt, was wir beduerfen;
Wir wollen stark Getraenke schluerfen.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, "Faust"


Q:	How many mathematicians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	One.  He gives it to six Californians, thereby reducing the problem
	to the earlier joke.


A committee takes root and grows, it flowers, wilts and dies,
scattering the seed from which other committees will bloom.
		-- Parkinson


A wizard cannot do everything; a fact most magicians are reticent to admit,
let alone discuss with prospective clients.  Still, the fact remains that
there are certain objects, and people, that are, for one reason or another,
completely immune to any direct magical spell.  It is for this group of
beings that the magician learns the subtleties of using indirect spells.
It also does no harm, in dealing with these matters, to carry a large club
near your person at all times.
		-- The Teachings of Ebenezum, Volume VIII


You will experience a strong urge to do good; but it will pass.


