Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.


You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.


A private sin is not so prejudicial in the world as a public indecency.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


Pure drivel tends to drive ordinary drivel off of the TV screen.


Hear about...
	the elderly gentleman who was stung on the privates by a bee and
	asked the doctor to relieve the pain but leave the swelling?


Bradley's Bromide:
	If computers get too powerful, we can organize
	them into a committee -- that will do them in.


Nullum magnum ingenium sine mixtura dementiae fuit.
		-- Seneca


Sodomy is a pain in the ass.


Crew, n.:
	Eight big men and their cute little cox.


A national debt, if it is not excessive,
will be to us a national blessing.
		-- Alexander Hamilton


There is Good Information and there is Bad Information and the
Internet is generally pretty neutral about the difference. If you're
a computer, it's all just 0s and 1s.
		-- Joel Achenbach


Talkers are no good doers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


	I made it a rule to forbear all direct contradictions to the sentiments
of others, and all positive assertion of my own.  I even forbade myself the use
of every word or expression in the language that imported a fixed opinion, such
as "certainly", "undoubtedly", etc.  I adopted instead of them "I conceive",
"I apprehend", or "I imagine" a thing to be so or so; or "so it appears to me
at present".
	When another asserted something that I thought an error, I denied
myself the pleasure of contradicting him abruptly, and of showing him
immediately some absurdity in his proposition.  In answering I began by
observing that in certain cases or circumstances his opinion would be right,
but in the present case there appeared or seemed to me some difference, etc.
	I soon found the advantage of this change in my manner; the
conversations I engaged in went on more pleasantly.  The modest way in which I
proposed my opinions procured them a readier reception and less contradiction.
I had less mortification when I was found to be in the wrong, and I more easily
prevailed with others to give up their mistakes and join with me when I
happened to be in the right.
		-- Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin


I attribute my success to intelligence, guts, determination, honesty,
ambition, and having enough money to buy people with those qualities.


Goodbye, cool world.


Happiness is a hard disk.


Do married women make the best wives?


Forecast, n.:
	A prediction of the future, based on the past, for
	which the forecaster demands payment in the present.


Cloning is the sincerest form of flattery.


If A = B and B = C, then A = C, except where void or prohibited by law.
		-- Roy Santoro


There is a green, multi-legged creature crawling on your shoulder.


A social scientist, studying the culture and traditions of a small North
African tribe, found a woman still practicing the ancient art of matchmaking.
Locally, she was known as the Moor, the marrier.


Don't know what time I'll be back, Mom.
Probably soon after she throws me out.


Optimist, n.:
	Someone who goes down to the marriage
	bureau to see if his license has expired.


My godda bless, never I see sucha people.
		-- Signor Piozzi, quoted by Cecilia Thrale


Scientists are people who build the Brooklyn Bridge and then buy it.
		-- William F. Buckley



First there was Dial-A-Prayer, then Dial-A-Recipe, and even Dial-A-Footballer.
But the south-east Victorian town of Sale has produced one to top them all.
Dial-A-Wombat.
	It all began early yesterday when Sale police received a telephone
call: "You won't believe this, and I'm not drunk, but there's a wombat in the
phone booth outside the town hall," the caller said.
	Not firmly convinced about the caller's claim to sobriety, members of
the constabulary drove to the scene, expecting to pick up a drunk.
	But there it was, an annoyed wombat, trapped in a telephone booth.
	The wombat, determined not to be had the better of again, threw its
bulk into the fray. It was eventually lassoed and released in a nearby scrub.
	Then the officers received another message ... another wombat in
another phone booth.
	There it was: *Another* angry wombat trapped in a telephone booth.
	The constables took the miffed marsupial into temporary custody and
released it, too, in the scrub.
	But on their way back to the station they happened to pass another
telephone booth, and -- you guessed it -- another imprisoned wombat.
	After some serious detective work, the lads in blue found a suspect,
and after questioning, released him to be charged on summons.
	Their problem ... they cannot find a law against placing wombats in
telephone booths.
		-- "Newcastle Morning Herald", NSW Australia, Aug 1980


I will not say that women have no character; rather, they have a new
one every day.
		-- Heine


The American nation in the sixth ward is a fine people; they love the
eagle -- on the back of a dollar.
		-- Finley Peter Dunne


Why doesn't everybody leave everybody else the hell alone?
		-- Jimmy Durante


Never tell people how to do things.  Tell them WHAT to
do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.
		-- Gen. George S. Patton, Jr.


Some say the world will end in fire,
Some say in ice.
From what I've tasted of desire
I hold with those who favor fire.
But if it had to perish twice
I think I know enough of hate
To say that for destruction, ice
Is also great
And would suffice
		-- Robert Frost, "Fire and Ice"


The number of feet in a yard is directly proportional to the success
of the barbecue.


You can't say civilization don't advance... in every war they kill you a
new way.
		-- Will Rogers


Then there was the girl whose boyfriend didn't smoke, drink or
swear, and never, ever made a pass at her.  He also made his own dresses.


Hackers do it with all sorts of characters.


You can have a dog as a friend.  You can have whiskey as a friend.  But
if you have a woman as a friend, you're going to wind up drunk and kissing
your dog.
		-- foolin' around


It takes all kinds to fill the freeways.
		-- Crazy Charlie


Don't try to have the last word -- you might get it.
		-- Lazarus Long


Q:	How many marketing people does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	I'll have to get back to you on that.


A right is not what someone gives you; it's what no one can take from you.
		-- Ramsey Clark


Whatever it is, I fear Greeks even when they bring gifts.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)


I'd like to meet the man who invented sex and see what he's working on
now.


Sex is great,
Sex is grand,
Sex around here,
Is mostly by hand.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(21) Abortion is wrong.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


My own life has been spent chronicling the rise and fall of human systems,
and I am convinced that we are terribly vulnerable.  ...  We should be
reluctant to turn back upon the frontier of this epoch. Space is indifferent
to what we do; it has no feeling, no design, no interest in whether or not
we grapple with it. But we cannot be indifferent to space, because the grand,
slow march of intelligence has brought us, in our generation, to a point
from which we can explore and understand and utilize it. To turn back now
would be to deny our history, our capabilities.
		-- James A. Michener


And let me the canakin clink, clink;
and let me the canakin clink.
	A soldier's a man;
	O, man's life's but a span,
Why then, let a soldier drink.


	The big problem with pornography is defining it.  You can't
just say it's pictures of people naked.  For example, you have these
primitive African tribes that exist by chasing the wildebeest on foot,
and they have to go around largely naked, because, as the old tribal
saying goes: "N'wam k'honi soit qui mali," which means, "If you think
you can catch a wildebeest in this climate and wear clothes at the same
time, then I have some beach front property in the desert region of
Northern Mali that you may be interested in."
	So it's not considered pornographic when National Geographic
publishes color photographs of these people hunting the wildebeest
naked, or pounding one rock onto another rock for some primitive reason
naked, or whatever.  But if National Geographic were to publish an
article entitled "The Girls of the California Junior College System
Hunt the Wildebeest Naked," some people would call it pornography.  But
others would not.  And still others, such as the Spectacularly Rev.
Jerry Falwell, would get upset about seeing the wildebeest naked.
		-- Dave Barry, "Pornography"


FOR SALE:
	Parachute.  Used once.
	Never opened.  Slightly Stained.


QOTD:
	"Money isn't everything, but at least it keeps the kids in touch."


The personal computer market is about the same size as the total potato chip
market.  Next year it will be about half the size of the pet food market and
is fast approaching the total worldwide sales of pantyhose"
		-- James Finke, Commodore Int'l Ltd., 1982


If I have seen farther than others, it is because I was standing on the
shoulders of giants.
		-- Isaac Newton

In the sciences, we are now uniquely privileged to sit side by side with
the giants on whose shoulders we stand.
		-- Gerald Holton

If I have not seen as far as others, it is because giants were standing on
my shoulders.
		-- Hal Abelson

Mathematicians stand on each other's shoulders.
		-- Gauss

Mathematicians stand on each other's shoulders while computer scientists
stand on each other's toes.
		-- Richard Hamming

It has been said that physicists stand on one another's shoulders.  If
this is the case, then programmers stand on one another's toes, and
software engineers dig each other's graves.
		-- Unknown


A man is already halfway in love with any woman who listens to him.
		-- Brendan Francis


When users see one GUI as beautiful,
other user interfaces become ugly.
When users see some programs as winners,
other programs become lossage.

Pointers and NULLs reference each other.
High level and assembler depend on each other.
Double and float cast to each other.
High-endian and low-endian define each other.
While and until follow each other.

Therefore the Guru
programs without doing anything
and teaches without saying anything.
Warnings arise and he lets them come;
processes are swapped and he lets them go.
He has but doesn't possess,
acts but doesn't expect.
When his work is done, he deletes it.
That is why it lasts forever.


Those who can't write, write manuals.


Jews always know two things: suffering and where to find great Chinese food.
		-- From the movie "My Favorite Year"


Chicken Little only has to be right once.


GAY:
	One who'd rather swish than fight.


	An eighty-year-old woman is rocking away the afternoon on her
porch when she sees an old, tarnished lamp sitting near the steps.  She
picks it up, rubs it gently, and lo and behold a genie appears!  The genie
tells the woman the he will grant her any three wishes her heart desires.
	After a bit of thought, she says, "I wish I were young and
beautiful!"  And POOF!  In a cloud of smoke she becomes a young, beautiful,
voluptuous woman.
	After a little more thought, she says, "I would like to be rich
for the rest of my life."  And POOF!  When the smoke clears, there are
stacks and stacks of money lying on the porch.
	The genie then says, "Now, madam, what is your final wish?"
	"Well," says the woman, "I would like for you to transform my
faithful old cat, whom I have loved dearly for fifteen years, into a young
handsome prince!"
	And with another billow of smoke the cat is changed into a tall,
handsome, young man, with dark hair, dressed in a dashing uniform.
	As they gaze at each other in adoration, the prince leans over to
the woman and whispers into her ear, "Now, aren't you sorry you had me
fixed?"


You need no longer worry about the future.
This time tomorrow you'll be dead.


Life is like a sewer.
What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
		-- Tom Lehrer


Take Care of the Molehills, and the Mountains Will Take Care of Themselves.
		-- Motto of the Federal Civil Service


Let's talk about how to fill out your 1984 tax return.  Here's an often
overlooked accounting technique that can save you thousands of
dollars:  For several days before you put it in the mail, carry your
tax return around under your armpit.  No IRS agent is going to want to
spend hours poring over a sweat-stained document.  So even if you owe
money, you can put in for an enormous refund and the agent will
probably give it to you, just to avoid an audit.  What does he care?
It's not his money.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sweating Out Taxes"


My brother sent me a postcard the other day with this big satellite photo
of the entire earth on it. On the back it said: "Wish you were here".
		-- Steven Wright


Secretary's Revenge:
	Filing almost everything under "the".


The trouble with telling a good story is that it invariably reminds
the other fellow of a dull one.
		-- Sid Caesar


In her first passion woman loves her lover,
In all the others all she loves is love.
		-- George Gordon, Lord Byron, "Don Juan"


Ankh if you love Isis.


Yeah, that's me, Tracer Bullet.  I've got eight slugs in me.  One's lead,
the rest bourbon.  The drink packs a wallop, and I pack a revolver.  I'm
a private eye.
		-- Calvin


Scotty:	Captain, we din' can reference it!
Kirk:	Analysis, Mr. Spock?
Spock:	Captain, it doesn't appear in the symbol table.
Kirk:	Then it's of external origin?
Spock:	Affirmative.
Kirk:	Mr. Sulu, go to pass two.
Sulu:	Aye aye, sir, going to pass two.


Isn't it ironic that many men spend a great part of their lives
avoiding marriage while single-mindedly pursuing those things that
would make them better prospects?


Day of inquiry.  You will be subpoenaed.


Renning's Maxim:
	Man is the highest animal.  Man does the classifying.


Creativity in living is not without its attendant difficulties, for
peculiarity breeds contempt. And the unfortunate thing about being
ahead of your time when people finally realize you were right, they'll
say it was obvious all along.
		-- Alan Ashley-Pitt


It doesn't much signify whom one marries, for one is sure to find out
next morning it was someone else.
		-- Rogers


Reunite Gondwanaland!


Lays eggs inside a paper bag;
The reason, you will see, no doubt,
Is to keep the lightning out.
But what these unobservant birds
Have failed to notice is that herds
Of bears may come with buns
And steal the bags to hold the crumbs.


But like the Good Book says... There's BIGGER DEALS to come!


When you make your mark in the world,
watch out for guys with erasers.
		-- The Wall Street Journal


The history of warfare is similarly subdivided, although here the phases
are Retribution, Anticipation, and Diplomacy.  Thus:

Retribution:
	I'm going to kill you because you killed my brother.
Anticipation:
	I'm going to kill you because I killed your brother.
Diplomacy:
	I'm going to kill my brother and then kill you on the
	pretext that your brother did it.


The Great Movie Posters:

Different! Daring! Dynamic! Defying! Dumbfounding!
SEE Uncle Tom lead the Negroes to FREEDOM!
... Now, all the SENSUAL and VIOLENT passions Roots couldn't show on TV!
		-- Uncle Tom's Cabin (1972)

An appalling amalgam of carnage and carnality!
		-- Flesh and Blood Show (1973)

WHEN THE CATS ARE HUNGRY...
RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!
Alone, only a harmless pet...
	One Thousand Strong, They Become a Man-Eating Machine!
		-- The Night of a Thousand Cats (1972)

They're Over-Exposed
But Not Under-Developed!
		-- Cover Girl Models (1976)


I was in a bar and I walked up to a beautiful woman and said, "Do you live
around here often?"  She said, "You're wearing two different-color socks."
I said, "Yes, but to me they're the same because I go by thickness."
She said, "How do you feel?" And I said, "You know when you're sitting on a
chair and you lean back so you're just on two legs and you lean too far so
you almost fall over but at the last second you catch yourself?  I feel like
that all the time."
		-- Steven Wright, "Gentlemen's Quarterly"


Most of your faults are not your fault.


A bird in the hand is worth what it will bring.


No matter how clever the hardware boys
are, the software boys piss it away.


The time is right to make new friends.


God must love the Common Man; He made so many of them.


Cover your stump before you hump.
Before you attack her, wrap your wacker.
Don't be silly... protect your Willie.
Wrap it in foil before checking her oil.
If you're not going to sack it, go home and wack it.
		-- National Condom Week


Optimist, n.:
	A proponent of the belief that black is white.

	A pessimist asked God for relief.
	"Ah, you wish me to restore your hope and cheerfulness," said God.
	"No," replied the petitioner, "I wish you to create something that
would justify them."
	"The world is all created," said God, "but you have overlooked
something -- the mortality of the optimist."
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Why be a man when you can be a success?
		-- Bertolt Brecht


It was his third marriage and her fourth.  He was quite surprised when on
their honeymoon she pleaded, "Please be gentle, I'm still a virgin."
	"Darling, what do you mean you're still a virgin?  You've been
married three times."
	"Yes, but they all worked for DEC.  The first was a salesman,
and all he ever did was promise how good it would be.  The second was one
of their software hacks, he told me to take care of it myself.  And the
third was a field service representative, and he kept promising that it
would be up in 15 minutes.


In Minnesota they ask why all football fields in Iowa have artificial turf.
It's so the cheerleaders won't graze during the game.


A squeegee by any other name wouldn't sound as funny.


	"Haig, in congressional hearings before his confirmatory, paradoxed
his audiencers by abnormaling his responds so that verbs were nouned, nouns
verbed, and adjectives adverbised.  He techniqued a new way to vocabulary his
thoughts so as to informationally uncertain anybody listening about what he
had actually implicationed.
	"If that is how General Haig wants to nervous breakdown the Russian
leadership, he may be shrewding his way to the biggest diplomatic invent
since Clausewitz.  Unless, that is, he schizophrenes his allies first."
		-- The Guardian


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #12 -- LITHP

	This otherwise unremarkable language, originally developed in San
Francisco, is distinguished by the absence of an "S" in its character set;
users must substitute "TH".  LITHP is thaid to be utheful in protheththing
lithtth.


Nonsense and beauty have close connections.
		-- E. M. Forster


Asking a working writer what he thinks about critics is like asking a
lamp-post how it feels about dogs.
		-- Christopher Hampton


Why, every one as they like; as the good woman said when she
kissed her cow.
		-- Rabelais


Peace, n.:
	In international affairs, a period of cheating between two
	periods of fighting.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Have you heard about Magda Lupescu,
Who came to Rumania's rescue?
	It's a wonderful thing
	To be under a king--
Is democracy better, I esk you?


Try to be the best of whatever you are, even if what you are is no good.


	"I don't know what you mean by `glory,'" Alice said
	Humpty Dumpty smiled contemptuously.  "Of course you don't --
till I tell you.  I meant `there's a nice knock-down argument for
you!'"
	"But glory doesn't mean `a nice knock-down argument,'" Alice
objected.
	"When I use a word," Humpty Dumpty said, in a rather scornful
tone, "it means just what I choose it to mean -- neither more nor
less."
	"The question is," said Alice, "whether you can make words mean
so many different things."
	"The question is," said Humpty Dumpty, "which is to be master--
that's all."
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


So far as we are human, what we do must be either evil or good: so far
as we do evil or good, we are human: and it is better, in a paradoxical
way, to do evil than to do nothing: at least we exist.
		-- T. S. Eliot, essay on Baudelaire


QOTD:
	"She was so tough she rolled her own tampons."


Why you say you no bunny rabbit when you have little powder-puff tail?
		-- The Tasmanian Devil


Organic chemistry is the chemistry of carbon compounds.
Biochemistry is the study of carbon compounds that crawl.
		-- Mike Adams


What is worth doing is worth the trouble of asking somebody to do it.


My theology, briefly, is that the universe was dictated but not signed.
		-- Christopher Morley


Fishbowl, n.:
	A glass-enclosed isolation cell where newly
	promoted managers are kept for observation.


Canada Post doesn't really charge 32 cents for a stamp.
It's 2 cents for postage and 30 cents for storage.
		-- Gerald Regan, Cabinet Minister, 12/31/83 Financial Post


The scene: in a vast, painted desert, a cowboy faces his horse.

Cowboy: "Well, you've been a pretty good hoss, I guess.  Hardworkin'.
Not the fastest critter I ever come acrost, but..."

Horse:  "No, stupid, not feed*back*.  I said I wanted a feed*bag*.


The Great Movie Posters:

The nightmare terror of the slithering eye that unleashed agonizing
horror on a screaming world!
		-- The Crawling Eye (1958)

SEE a female colossus... her mountainous torso, skyscraper limbs,
giant desires!
		-- Attack of the Fifty-Foot Woman (1958)

Here Is Your Chance To Know More About Sex.
What Should a Movie Do?  Hide It's Head in the Sand Like an Ostrich?
Or Face the JOLTING TRUTH as does...
		-- The Desperate Women (1958)


CCI Power 6/40: one board, a megabyte of cache, and an attitude...


I am just a nice, clean-cut Mongolian boy.
		-- Yul Brynner, 1956


This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and
intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to which they
are addressed. If you are not the intended recipient of this
transmission, please delete it immediately.

Obviously, I am the idiot who sent it to you by mistake. Furthermore,
there is no way I can force you to delete it. Worse, by the time you
have reached this disclaimer you have already read the document.
Telling you to forget it would seem absurd. In any event, I have no
legal right to force you to take any action upon this email anyway.

This entire disclaimer is just a waste of everyone's time and
bandwidth. Therefore, let us just forget the whole thing and enjoy a
cold beer instead.
 		-- found on the dovecot mailinglist


Graphics blind the eyes.
Audio files deafen the ear.
Mouse clicks numb the fingers.
Heuristics weaken the mind.
Options wither the heart.

The Guru observes the net
but trusts his inner vision.
He allows things to come and go.
His heart is as open as the ether.


Some scholars are like donkeys, they merely carry a lot of books.
		-- Folk saying


Said a madam named Mamie La Farge
To a sailor just off of a barge,
	"We have one girl that's dead,
	With a hole in her head--
Of course there's a slight extra charge."


The shortest distance between two points is under construction.
		-- Noelie Alito


It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees.


QOTD:
	"I'll listen to reason when it comes out on CD."


	"What do you give a man who has everything?" the pretty teenager
asked her mother.
	"Encouragement, dear," she replied.


	Joan, the rather well-proportioned secretary, spent almost all of
her vacation sunbathing on the roof of her hotel.  She wore a bathing suit
the first day, but on the second, she decided that no one could see her
way up there, and she slipped out of it for an overall tan.  She'd hardly
begun when she heard someone running up the stairs; she was lying on her
stomach, so she just pulled a towel over her rear.
	"Excuse me, miss," said the flustered little assistant manager of
the hotel, out of breath from running up the stairs.  "The Hilton doesn't
mind your sunbathing on the roof, but we would very much appreciate your
wearing a bathing suit as you did yesterday."
	"What difference does it make," Joan asked rather calmly.  "No one
can see me up here, and besides, I'm covered with a towel."
	"Not exactly," said the embarrassed little man.  "You're lying on
the dining room skylight."


Go directly to jail.  Do not pass Go, do not collect $200.


Q:	What's the Blonde's cheer?
A:	I'm blonde, I'm blonde, I'm B.L.O.N... ah, oh well..
	I'm blonde, I'm blonde, yea yea yea...

Q:	What do you call it when a blonde dies their hair brunette?
A:	Artificial intelligence.

Q:	How do you make a blonde's eyes light up?
A:	Shine a flashlight in their ear.


Purpitation, v.:
	To take something off the grocery shelf, decide you
	don't want it, and then put it in another section.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Impartial, adj.:
	Unable to perceive any promise of personal advantage from
	espousing either side of a controversy or adopting either of two
	conflicting opinions.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


GEORGIA:
	Where kinky sex means getting laid.


If there are epigrams, there must be meta-epigrams.


Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow you may work.


