Such efforts are almost always slow, laborious, political,
petty, boring, ponderous, thankless, and of the utmost criticality.
		-- Leonard Kleinrock, on standards efforts


DAMN IT, I GOTTA GET OUTTA HERE!


You feel a whole lot more like you do
now than you did when you used to.


In the eyes of my dog, I'm a man.
		-- Martin Mull


Depart not from the path which fate has assigned you.


DEADWOOD:
	Anyone in your company who is more senior than you are.


The blind daters had really hit it off and at the end of the evening, as
they were beginning to undress each other in his apartment, the fellow said,
	"Before we go any further, Charmaine, tell me -- do you have
any special fetishes that I should take into account in bed?"
	"As a matter of fact," smiled the girl, "I do happen to have a foot
fetish -- but I suppose I'd settle for maybe seven or eight inches."


A Mormon is a man that has the bad taste and the religion to do what a
good many other people are restrained from doing by conscientious
scruples and the police.
		-- Mr. Dooley


There are three things I have always loved
and never understood -- art, music, and women.


I think your opinions are reasonable,
except for the one about my mental instability.
		-- Psychology Professor, Fairfield University


In San Francisco, Halloween is redundant.
		-- Will Durst


He who knows, does not speak.  He who speaks, does not know.
		-- Lao Tsu


Laugh when you can; cry when you must.


One good turn asketh another.
		-- John Heywood


Brucify, v.:
	1: Kill by nailing onto style(9); "David O'Brien was brucified"
	2: Annoy constantly by reminding of potential improvements
	   [syn: {torment}, {rag}, {tantalize}, {bedevil}, {dun},
	   {frustrate}]
	3: Fix problems that were indicated in an earlier brucification
	   (of one of the two other meanings).
The word 'brucify' originally comes from the style-reviews of Bruce
Evans of the FreeBSD project, but is now also sometimes used for
reviews just done in his spirit.


After all, it is only the mediocre who are always at their best.
		-- Jean Giraudoux


Kiss a non-smoker; taste the difference.


Miss, n.:
	A title with which we brand unmarried
	women to indicate that they are in the market.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


DEC diagnostics would run on a dead whale.
		-- Mel Ferentz


	A farm in the country side had several turkeys, it was known as the
house of seven gobbles.


Picking up the pieces of my sweet shattered dream,
I wonder how the old folks are tonight,
Her name was Ann, and I'll be damned if I recall her face,
She left me not knowing what to do.

Carefree Highway, let me slip away on you,
Carefree Highway, you seen better days,
The morning after blues, from my head down to my shoes,
Carefree Highway, let me slip away, slip away, on you...

Turning back the pages to the times I love best,
I wonder if she'll ever do the same,
Now the thing that I call livin' is just bein' satisfied,
With knowing I got noone left to blame.
Carefree Highway, I got to see you, my old flame...

Searching through the fragments of my dream shattered sleep,
I wonder if the years have closed her mind,
I guess it must be wanderlust or tryin' to get free,
From the good old faithful feelin' we once knew.
		-- Gordon Lightfoot, "Carefree Highway"


The young man-about-town enjoyed luxury but didn't always have the means
to buy it, and so he huffily walked out of the Miami Beach hotel when he
found out the charges for room, meals and golf privileges were $300 a day.
He registered across the street at an equally elegant hotel, where the
rates were only $70.  The following morning he went down to the hotel's
golf course and asked Scotty, the pro, to sell him a couple of golf balls.
"Sure," said Scotty.  "That'll be $25 apiece."
	"What?" screamed the bachelor.  "In the hotel across the street
they only charge $1 a ball!"
	"Naturally," replied the pro.  "Over there they get you by the
rooms."


QOTD:
	"My ambition is to marry a rich woman who's too proud to let
	her husband work."


Lucas is the source of many of the components of the legendarily reliable
British automotive electrical systems.  Professionals call the company "The
Prince of Darkness".  Of course, if Lucas were to design and manufacture
nuclear weapons, World War III would never get off the ground.  The British
don't like warm beer any more than the Americans do.  The British drink warm
beer because they have Lucas refrigerators.


For your penance, say five Hail Marys and one loud BLAH!


The price of seeking to force our beliefs on others is that someday
they might force their beliefs on us.
		-- Mario Cuomo


A New Yorker is riding down the road in his new Mercedes.  So intent is he
on the cocaine in his hand he completely misses a turn and his car plunges
over the five-hundred-foot cliff to be smashed into pieces at the bottom.
As the on-lookers rush to the edge of the cliff they see him fifty feet
from the top of the cliff clinging to a stunted bush with all his strength.
"Dear Lord," he prays, "I never asked you for nothin' before, but I'm askin'
you now: Save me, Lord, save me."
	Booms the Lord: "LET GO OF THE BRANCH."
	"But Lord, if I do that, I'll fall!"
	"TRUST ME, LET GO OF THE BRANCH."
	"But Lord, I'm gonna fall and die..."
	"TRUST ME TO SAVE YOU.  LET GO OF THE BRANCH."
	Okay, Lord, I'll trust you, here I...  here I go!"  And he falls
to his death.
	"DUMB YANKEE."


If you'd like to cultivate insomnia,
Bed down with a pretty girl.
Amor vincit omnia.


	On his first day as a bus driver, Maxey Eckstein handed in
receipts of $65.  The next day his take was $67.  The third day's
income was $62.  But on the fourth day, Eckstein emptied no less than
$283 on the desk before the cashier.
	"Eckstein!" exclaimed the cashier.  "This is fantastic.  That
route never brought in money like this!  What happened?"
	"Well, after three days on that cockamamie route, I figured
business would never improve, so I drove over to Fourteenth Street and
worked there.  I tell you, that street is a gold mine!"


As the Catholic church becomes more and more tolerant, some day they will
have to consider the possibility of a gay pope.  Possibly the largest
issue will be having to decide whether he is "absolutely divine" or "just
simply marvelous."


CHRISTMAS:
	A day set apart by some as a time for turkey, presents, cranberry
	salads, family get-togethers; for others, noted as having the best
	response time of the entire year.


Each of these cults correspond to one of the two antagonists in the age of
Reformation.  In the realm of the Apple Macintosh, as in Catholic Europe,
worshipers peer devoutly into screens filled with "icons."  All is sound and
imagery and Appledom.  Even words look like decorative filigrees in exotic
typefaces.  The greatest icon of all, the inviolable Apple itself, stands in
the dominate position at the upper-left corner of the screen.  A central
corporate headquarters decrees the form of all rites and practices.
Infallible doctrine issues from one executive officer whose selection occurs
in a sealed board room.  Should anyone in his curia question his powers, the
offender is excommunicated into outer darkness.  The expelled heretic founds
a new company, mutters obscurely of the coming age and the next computer,
then disappears into silence, taking his stockholders with him.  The mother
company forbids financial competition as sternly as it stifles ideological
competition; if you want to use computer programs that conform to Apple's
orthodoxy, you must buy a computer made and sold by Apple itself.
		-- Edward Mendelson, "The New Republic", February 22, 1988


Q:	What do you call a million cats at the bottom of Lake Michigan?
A:	A good start.


Elephant, n.:
	A mouse built to government specifications.


Parker's Law:
	Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.


It's ten o'clock; do you know where your processes are?


Too cool to calypso,
Too tough to tango,
Too weird to watusi
		-- The Only Ones


DISCLAIMER:
Use of this advanced computing technology does not imply
an endorsement of Western industrial civilization.


Who are you?


I just need enough to tide me over until I need more.
		-- Bill Hoest


	Joan, the rather well-proportioned secretary, spent almost all of
her vacation sunbathing on the roof of her hotel.  She wore a bathing suit
the first day, but on the second, she decided that no one could see her
way up there, and she slipped out of it for an overall tan.  She'd hardly
begun when she heard someone running up the stairs; she was lying on her
stomach, so she just pulled a towel over her rear.
	"Excuse me, miss," said the flustered little assistant manager of
the hotel, out of breath from running up the stairs.  "The Hilton doesn't
mind your sunbathing on the roof, but we would very much appreciate your
wearing a bathing suit as you did yesterday."
	"What difference does it make," Joan asked rather calmly.  "No one
can see me up here, and besides, I'm covered with a towel."
	"Not exactly," said the embarrassed little man.  "You're lying on
the dining room skylight."


Q:	Why don't blondes eat pickles?
A:	Because they get their head stuck in the jars.

Q:	Why do blondes wear underwear?
A:	To keep their ankles warm.

Q:	How do you kill a blonde?
A:	Put spikes in her shoulder pads.


I'd love to go out with you, but the last time I went out, I never
came back.


If coke is a joke, I'm waiting around for the next line.


You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.


No self-made man ever did such a good job
that some woman didn't want to make some alterations.
		-- Kin Hubbard


Van Roy's Law:
	Honesty is the best policy - there's less competition.

Van Roy's Truism:
	Life is a whole series of circumstances beyond your control.


People will buy anything that's one to a customer.


Power is poison.


A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.


If you wish to be happy for one hour, get drunk.
If you wish to be happy for three days, get married.
If you wish to be happy for a month, kill your pig and eat it.
If you wish to be happy forever, learn to fish.
		-- Chinese proverb


I don't care who you are, Fatso.  Get those reindeer off my roof.


Never reveal your best argument.


	"What are you watching?"
	"I don't know."
	"Well, what's happening?"
	"I'm not sure...  I think the guy in the hat did something
terrible."
	"Why are you watching it?"
	"You're so analytical.  Sometimes you just have to let art
flow over you."
		-- The Big Chill


He who knows not and knows that he knows not is ignorant.  Teach him.
He who knows not and knows not that he knows not is a fool.  Shun him.
He who knows and knows not that he knows is asleep.  Wake him.


You can fool all the people all of the time if the advertising is right
and the budget is big enough.
		-- Joseph E. Levine


	I managed to say, "Sorry," and no more.  I knew that he disliked
me to cry.
	This time he said, watching me, "On some occasions it is better
to weep."
	I put my head down on the table and sobbed, "If only she could come
back; I would be nice."
	Francis said, "You gave her great pleasure always."
	"Oh, not enough."
	"Nobody can give anybody enough."
	"Not ever?"
	"No, not ever.  But one must go on trying."
	"And doesn't one ever value people until they are gone?"
	"Rarely," said Francis.  I went on weeping; I saw how little I had
valued him; how little I had valued anything that was mine.
		-- Pamela Frankau, "The Duchess and the Smugs"


When in doubt, follow your heart.


If you sit down at a poker game and don't see a sucker, get up.  You're
the sucker.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(2) The single greatest threat to the free people of the world is posed
    by the heinous idea of centralized government control.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Beware of geeks bearing graft.


				FROM THE DESK OF
				Snow White

Dear Snow White:

	Thanks for last night.

		Sleepy, Doc, Grumpy, Sneezy, Happy, Dopey, Bashful


Even bytes get lonely for a little bit.


The white race is the cancer of history.
		-- Susan Sontag


She was only a moonshiner's daughter, but I love her still.


You can rent this space for only $5 a week.


Life is cheap, but the accessories can kill you.


The First: I'm not a demon little girl, I am something that you can't
	even conceive.  The first evil.  Beyond sin, beyond death.
	I am the thing the darkness fears.  You'll never see me but I
	am everywhere.  Every being, every thought, every drop of hate.
Buffy:	Alright I get it, you're evil.  Do we have to chat about it all day?
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Amends"
		   Season 3, Episode 10


I'd never join any club that would have the likes of me as a member.
		-- Groucho Marx


He hath eaten me out of house and home.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


Lockwood's Long Shot:
	The chances of getting eaten up by a lion on Main Street
	aren't one in a million, but once would be enough.


This is National Smokers-Are-Shits Week.


A man's gotta know his limitations.
		-- Clint Eastwood, "Dirty Harry"


To do nothing is to be nothing.


Q:	How many right-to-lifers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Two.  One to screw it in and one to say that light started when the
	screwing began.


Hitchcock's Staple Principle:
	The stapler runs out of staples
	only while you are trying to staple something.


Armadillo, v.:
	To provide weapons to a Spanish pickle.


QOTD:
	"Talent does what it can, genius what it must.
	I do what I get paid to do."


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #29:

THE JUDGE: Now, as we begin, I must ask you to banish all present
	   information and prejudice from your minds, if you have
	   any ...


Would the last person to leave Michigan please turn out the lights?


Hollywood is where if you don't have happiness you send out for it.
		-- Rex Reed


Never offend people with style when you can offend them with substance.
		-- Sam Brown, "The Washington Post", January 26, 1977


Falsie salesman, n.:
	Fuller bust man.


The world is full of people who have never, since
childhood, met an open doorway with an open mind.
		-- E. B. White


I can't decide whether to commit suicide or go bowling.
		-- Florence Henderson


Why don't somebody print the truth about our present economic condition?
We spent years of wild buying on credit, everything under the sun, whether
we needed it or not, and now we are having to pay for it, howling like a
pet coon.  This would be a great world to dance in if we didn't have to
pay the fiddler.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


O!  If I were a fish
I'd lay hap'ly on my dish.
Yes, that's my one and only wish --
To be a fish!

For fish don't ever mish;
They needn't flush after they pish!
Yes, and life's just swish, swish, swish,
For all the fish!!!


Test-tube babies shouldn't throw stones.


Old programmers never die, they just become managers.


Logic is the chastity belt of the mind!


Cloning is the sincerest form of flattery.


Age before beauty; and pearls before swine.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Rick:		"How can you close me up?  On what grounds?"
Renault:	"I'm shocked!  Shocked!  To find that gambling is
			going on here."
Croupier (handing money to Renault):
		"Your winnings, sir."
Renault:	"Oh.  Thank you very much."
		-- "Casablanca" (1942)


Dope will get you through times of no money better that money will get
you through times of no dope.
		-- Freewheelin' Franklin, "The Fabulous Furry Freak
		   Brothers" by Gilbert Shelton


I don't have any use for bodyguards, but I do have a specific use for two
highly trained certified public accountants.
		-- Elvis Presley


In the force if Yoda's so strong, construct a sentence with words in
the proper order then why can't he?


If I'm over the hill, why is it I don't recall ever being on top?
		-- Jerry Muscha


The only people who make love all the time are liars.
		-- Louis Jordan


You've got to think about tomorrow!

TOMORROW!  I haven't even prepared for *_y_e_s_t_e_r_d_a_y* yet!


Ye've also got to remember that ... respectable people do the most
astonishin' things to preserve their respectability.  Thank God
I'm not respectable.
		-- Ruthven Campbell Todd


<Daibashiw> Wasn't EMACS originally developed as a swap memory stresser,
though?

<``Erik> lispos emulator? gotta admit it's well featured, the only thing
it lacks is a decent editor


In the plot, people came to the land; the land loved them; they worked and
struggled and had lots of children.  There was a Frenchman who talked funny
and a greenhorn from England who was a fancy-pants but when it came to the
crunch he was all courage.  Those novels would make you retch.
		-- Canadian novelist Robertson Davies, on the generic Canadian
		   novel.


Recession is when your neighbor loses his job.  Depression is when you
lose your job.  These economic downturns are very difficult to predict,
but sophisticated econometric modeling houses like Data Resources and
Chase Econometrics have successfully predicted 14 of the last 3 recessions.


	Your home electrical system is basically a bunch of wires that bring
electricity into your home and take if back out before it has a chance to
kill you.  This is called a "circuit".  The most common home electrical
problem is when the circuit is broken by a "circuit breaker"; this causes
the electricity to back up in one of the wires until it bursts out of an
outlet in the form of sparks, which can damage your carpet.  The best way
to avoid broken circuits is to change your fuses regularly.
	Another common problem is that the lights flicker.  This sometimes
means that your electrical system is inadequate, but more often it means
that your home is possessed by demons, in which case you'll need to get a
caulking gun and some caulking.  If you're not sure whether your house is
possessed, see "The Amityville Horror", a fine documentary film based on an
actual book.  Or call in a licensed electrician, who is trained to spot the
signs of demonic possession, such as blood coming down the stairs, enormous
cats on the dinette table, etc.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Computer programmers never die, they just get lost in the processing.


Bounders get bound when they are caught bounding.
		-- Ralph Lewin


ARIES (Mar 21 - Apr 19)
	You are the pioneer type and hold most people in contempt.  You are
	quick tempered, impatient, and scornful of advice.  You are not
	very nice.


Reporter (to Mahatma Gandhi):
		Mr. Gandhi, what do you think of Western Civilization?
Gandhi:		I think it would be a good idea.


Any two philosophers can tell each other all they know in two hours.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.


As crazy as hauling timber into the woods.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


A woman may very well form a friendship with a man, but for this to endure,
it must be assisted by a little physical antipathy.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


	A man sank into the psychiatrist's couch and said, "I have a
terrible problem, Doctor.  I have a son at Harvard and another son at
Princeton; I've just gifted each of them with a new Ferrari; I've got
homes in Beverly Hills, Palm Beach, and a co-op in New York; and I've
got a thriving ranch in Venezuela.  My wife is a gorgeous young actress
who considers my two mistresses to be her best friends."
	The psychiatrist looked at the patient, confused.  "Did I miss
something?  It sounds to me like you have no problems at all."
	"But, Doctor, I only make $175 a week."


Sometime when you least expect it, Love will tap you on the shoulder...
and ask you to move out of the way because it still isn't your turn.
		-- N. V. Plyter


Eisenhower was very nice,
Nixon was his only vice.
		-- C. Degen


It proves what they say, give the public what they want to see and
they'll come out for it.
		-- Red Skelton, surveying the funeral of Hollywood
		   mogul Harry Cohn


The prettiest women are almost always the most
boring, and that is why some people feel there is no God.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


A lisping fag fell off a pleasure yacht and began to scream.  "Help! Help, I
can't thwim!"  One of the other passengers heard the caterwauling and leaned
over the rail, remarking, "Really, there's no need to scream.  Just reach out
and grab that buoy near you."  To which the floundering sodomite answered,
"Buoy!  Oh, thith ith no time for thekth, you degenerate... I'm dwowning!"


It was one of those perfect summer days -- the sun was shining, a breeze
was blowing, the birds were singing, and the lawn mower was broken ...
		-- James Dent


Had this been an actual emergency, we would have
fled in terror, and you would not have been informed.


Laugh, and the world ignores you.  Crying doesn't help either.


The thought of being President frightens me and I do not think I
want the job.
		-- Ronald Reagan in 1973

Reagan won because he ran against Jimmy Carter.  Had he run unopposed he
would have lost.
		-- Mort Sahl

Ronald Reagan is a triumph of the embalmer's art.
		-- Gore Vidal

Ronald Reagan's platform seems to be: Hey, I'm a big good-looking guy and
I need a lot of sleep.
		-- Roy G. Blount, Jr.

You've got to be careful quoting Ronald Reagan, because when you quote him
accurately it's called mudslinging.
		-- Walter Mondale


Frisbeetarianism, n.:
	The belief that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof and
	gets stuck.


The operator's left hand quivered as she gingerly unlatched the
catch to the diskette reader.  Uncontrollably, she reached down,
guiding the sharply pointed diskette into the deep, dark slot.
The floppy diskette nearly folded under the repeated thrusts of
her hand, until finally she could control it no longer, her right
hand instinctively taking an option zero.  And then it all came at
once, thousands upon thousands of data bits flowing from diskette
to disk in a torrent of torrid transfer, as the helpless legs
of the 32 strained to remain on the floor.


	A farm in the country side had several turkeys, it was known as the
house of seven gobbles.


Q:	Why do Scotsmen wear kilts?
A:	Because a sheep can hear the sound of a zipper from fifty feet away.
		-- Iain MacKintosh, Glasgow folksinger


The Russians have put a small ball up in the air.
That does not raise my apprehensions one iota.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


Hear about...
	the basketball player who was so tall that his girlfriend had to
	go up on him?


