When all else fails, pour a pint of Guinness in the gas tank, advance
the spark 20 degrees, cry "God Save the Queen!", and pull the starter
knob.
		-- MG "Series MGA" Workshop Manual


Nobody suffers the pain of birth or the anguish of loving a child in order
for presidents to make wars, for governments to feed on the substance of
their people, for insurance companies to cheat the young and rob the old.
		-- Lewis Lapham


You always introduce the younger person to the older person, using the
wording:  "Miss Brown, I'd like to introduce you to an older person"
(unless her name is not "Miss Brown").  If you do not know a person's
age, ask for a driver's license and a major credit card.  If you are
introduced to a member of a minority group, use the "high-five" style
handshake, followed by a remark designed to show you don't mind a bit,
such as "I see you are a (name of a minority group)!  Good!"
		-- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"


Oz:	So, do you guys steal weapons from the army a lot?
Willow:	Well, we don't have cable, so we have to make our own fun.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Innocence"
		   Season 2, Episode 14


Machines have less problems.  I'd like to be a machine.
		-- Andy Warhol


	A woman was married to a golfer.  One day she asked, "If I were
to die, would you remarry?"
	After some thought, the man replied, "Yes, I've been very happy in
this marriage and I would want to be this happy again."
	The wife asked, "Would you give your new wife my car?"
	"Yes," he replied.  "That's a good car and it runs well."
	"Well, would you live in this house?"
	"Yes, it is a lovely house and you have decorated it beautifully.
I've always loved it here."
	"Well, would you give her my golf clubs?"
	"No."
	"Why not?"
	"She's left handed."


Rate yourself on the nerd-o-matic scale. (1 point for each YES answer)

Are your glasses mended with a strip of masking tape right over your nose?
Do you put pennies in the slots in your penny loafers?
Does your bow-tie flash "hey you kid" in red neon at parties?
Do you think pizza before noon is unhealthy?
Do you use the "greasy kid's stuff" to stick down your cowlick?
Do you wear a "nerd-pack" in your shirt pocket to keep the dozen
	or so pencils from marking the cloth?
Do you think Mary Jane is somebody's name?
Is illegal fishing something only a daring criminal would do?
Is Batman your hero?  Superman?  Green Lantern?  The Shadow?
Do you think girls who kiss on the first date are loose?

0-2  -- You are really hip, a real cool cat, a hoopy frood.
3-5  -- There is hope for you yet.
6-7  -- Uh-oh, trouble in River City.
8-10 -- Your immortal soul is in peril.
11+  -- Does suicide seem attractive?


It isn't necessary to have relatives in Kansas City in order to be
unhappy.
		-- Groucho Marx


Somebody ought to cross ball point pens with coat hangers
so that the pens will multiply instead of disappear.


	Looking for a cool one after a long, dusty ride, the drifter strode
into the saloon.  As he made his way through the crowd to the bar, a man
galloped through town screaming, "Big Mike's comin'!  Run fer yer lives!"
	Suddenly, the saloon doors burst open.  An enormous man, standing over
eight feet tall and weighing an easy 400 pounds, rode in on a bull, using a
rattlesnake for a whip.  Grabbing the drifter by the arm and throwing him over
the bar, the giant thundered, "Gimme a drink!"
	The terrified man handed over a bottle of whiskey, which the man
guzzled in one gulp and then smashed on the bar.  He then stood aghast as
the man stuffed the broken bottle in his mouth, munched broken glass and
smacked his lips with relish.
	"Can I, ah, uh, get you another, sir?" the drifter stammered.
	"Naw, I gotta git outta here, boy," the man grunted.  "Big Mike's
a-comin'."


Nature has given women so much power that the law has very wisely
given them little.
		-- Dr. Samuel Johnson


QOTD:
	"Unlucky?  If I bought a pumpkin farm, they'd cancel Halloween."


Our readers ask, "Why don't more WASPs go to orgies?"  Well, it's really
quite simple.  They don't want to have to write all those thank-you notes.


Too clever is dumb.
		-- Ogden Nash


The girl who remembers her first kiss now has a daughter who can't even
remember her first husband.


I use not only all the brains I have, but all those I can borrow as well.
		-- Woodrow Wilson


The adjuration to be "normal" seems shockingly repellent to me; I see neither
hope nor comfort in sinking to that low level.  I think it is ignorance that
makes people think of abnormality only with horror and allows them to remain
undismayed at the proximity of "normal" to average and mediocre.  For surely
anyone who achieves anything is, essentially, abnormal.
		-- Dr. Karl Menninger, "The Human Mind", 1930


	This is where the bloodthirsty license agreement is supposed to go,
explaining that Interactive EasyFlow is a copyrighted package licensed for
use by a single person, and sternly warning you not to pirate copies of it
and explaining, in detail, the gory consequences if you do.
	We know that you are an honest person, and are not going to go around
pirating copies of Interactive EasyFlow; this is just as well with us since
we worked hard to perfect it and selling copies of it is our only method of
making anything out of all the hard work.
	If, on the other hand, you are one of those few people who do go
around pirating copies of software you probably aren't going to pay much
attention to a license agreement, bloodthirsty or not.  Just keep your doors
locked and look out for the HavenTree attack shark.
		-- License Agreement for Interactive EasyFlow


Weinberg, as a young grocery clerk, advised the grocery manager to get
rid of rutabagas which nobody every bought.  He did so. "Well, kid, that
was a great idea," said the manager. Then he paused and asked the killer
question, "NOW what's the least popular vegetable?"

Law: Once you eliminate your #1 problem, #2 gets a promotion.
		-- Gerald Weinberg, "The Secrets of Consulting"


It is only people of small moral stature who have to stand on their
dignity.


I put the shotgun in an Adidas bag and padded it out with four pairs of
tennis socks, not my style at all, but that was what I was aiming for:  If
they think you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical, go
crude.  I'm a very technical boy.  So I decided to get as crude as possible.
These days, though, you have to be pretty technical before you can even
aspire to crudeness.
		-- William Gibson, "Johnny Mnemonic"


	Looking for a cool one after a long, dusty ride, the drifter strode
into the saloon.  As he made his way through the crowd to the bar, a man
galloped through town screaming, "Big Mike's comin'!  Run fer yer lives!"
	Suddenly, the saloon doors burst open.  An enormous man, standing over
eight feet tall and weighing an easy 400 pounds, rode in on a bull, using a
rattlesnake for a whip.  Grabbing the drifter by the arm and throwing him over
the bar, the giant thundered, "Gimme a drink!"
	The terrified man handed over a bottle of whiskey, which the man
guzzled in one gulp and then smashed on the bar.  He then stood aghast as
the man stuffed the broken bottle in his mouth, munched broken glass and
smacked his lips with relish.
	"Can I, ah, uh, get you another, sir?" the drifter stammered.
	"Naw, I gotta git outta here, boy," the man grunted.  "Big Mike's
a-comin'."


QOTD:
	"One day, I'd like to wake up in the morning to find that every
	gay and lesbian has lavender skin.  On that morning, I will be
	-- mauve."


All bad precedents began as justifiable measures.
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar, quoted in "The Conspiracy of
		   Catiline", by Sallust


The only constant is change.


GIVE:	Support the helpless victims of computer error.


Prisons are built with stones of Law, brothels with bricks of Religion.
		-- Blake


A new lumberjack had just finished his first month in the lonely wilds of
Alaska, where there were no women for miles.  He finally couldn't take it
anymore and nervously asked the foreman what the other men did to relieve
the pressure.
	"Try the hole in the barrel outside the shower," suggested the
foreman.  "The other men swear by it."
	The lumberjack dubiously tried it out and had the experience of
his life.  "That barrel is fantastic!  Warm!  Wet!  I'm going to use it
every day!"
	"Every day but the third Wednesday of the month," one of the
other men replied.
	"Why not then?"
	"That's your day in the barrel."


A reactionary is a man whose political opinions always manage to keep
up with yesterday.


It is the business of little minds to shrink.
		-- Carl Sandburg


The Bird of Time has but a little way to fly ...
and the bird is on the wing.
		-- Omar Khayyam


All men are mortal.  Socrates was mortal.  Therefore, all men are
Socrates.
		-- Woody Allen


If you are what you eat, does that mean Euelle Gibbons really was a nut?


I am fairly unrepentant about her poetry.  I really think that three
quarters of it is gibberish.  However, I must crush down these thoughts
otherwise the dove of peace will shit on me.
		-- Noel Coward on Edith Sitwell


Real computer scientists despise the idea of actual hardware.  Hardware has
limitations, software doesn't.  It's a real shame that Turing machines are
so poor at I/O.


Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Tempest"


The worst cliques are those which consist of one man.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


"It could be that Walter's horse has wings" does not imply that there is
any such animal as Walter's horse, only that there could be; but "Walter's
horse is a thing which could have wings" does imply Walter's horse's
existence.  But the conjunction "Walter's horse exists, and it could be
that Walter's horse has wings" still does not imply "Walter's horse is a
thing that could have wings", for perhaps it can only be that Walter's
horse has wings by Walter having a different horse.  Nor does "Walter's
horse is a thing which could have wings" conversely imply "It could be that
Walter's horse has wings"; for it might be that Walter's horse could only
have wings by not being Walter's horse.

I would deny, though, that the formula [Necessarily if some x has property P
then some x has property P] expresses a logical law, since P(x) could stand
for, let us say "x is a better logician than I am", and the statement "It is
necessary that if someone is a better logician than I am then someone is a
better logician than I am" is false because there need not have been any me.
		-- A. N. Prior, "Time and Modality"


Ain't no right way to do a wrong thing.
		-- The Mad Dogtender


Men's skin is different from women's skin.  It is usually bigger, and it
has more snakes tattooed on it.  Also, if you examine a woman's skin very
closely, inch by inch, starting at her shapely ankles, then gently tracing
the slender curve of her calves, then moving up to her ...

	[EDITOR'S NOTE: To make room for news articles about important
	 world events such as agriculture, we're going to delete the
	 next few square feet of the woman's skin.  Thank you.]

... until finally the two of you are lying there, spent, smoking your
cigarettes, and suddenly it hits you: Human skin is actually made up of
billions of tiny units of protoplasm, called "cells"!  And what is even more
interesting, the ones on the outside are all dying!  This is a fact.  Your
skin is like an aggressive modern corporation, where the older veteran cells,
who have finally worked their way to the top and obtained offices with nice
views, are constantly being shoved out the window head first, without so
much as a pension plan, by younger hotshot cells moving up from below.
		-- Dave Barry


Why can't you be a non-conformist like everyone else?


	A hard-luck actor who appeared in one colossal disaster after another
finally got a break, a broken leg to be exact.  Someone pointed out that it's
the first time the poor fellow's been in the same cast for more than a week.


DROP THE DAMN BEAR!!!
		-- The Adventurer


There's too much beauty upon this earth for lonely men to bear.
		-- Richard Le Gallienne


Once upon a girl there was a time...


If pregnancy were a book they would cut the last two chapters.
		-- Nora Ephron, "Heartburn"


Creativity is not always bred in an environment of tranquility;
sometimes you have to squeeze a little to get the paste out of the tube.


Geometry teaches us to bisex angels.


Prior to this year's Rock & Roll Hall of Fame ceremony, [Cash] went to
the bathroom.  "I was standing at the urinal, and Keith Richards walked
in...  He said, 'Look at this, I'm pissing with Johnny Cash. We need a
picture of this.'  I said, 'No, Keith, we *don't* need a picture of this.'"
		-- Rolling Stone interview with Johnny Cash


They ought to make butt-flavored cat food.
		-- Gallagher


How apt the poor are to be proud.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Twelfth-Night"


	With deep concern, if not alarm, Dick noted that his friend
Conrad was drunker than he'd ever seen him before.  "What's the trouble,
buddy?", he asked, sliding onto the stool next to his friend.
	"It's a woman, Dick," Conrad replied.
	"I guessed that much.  Tell me about it."
	"I can't," Conrad said.  But after a few more drinks his tongue
and resolution both seemed to weaken and, turning to his buddy, he said,
"Okay. It's your wife."
	"My wife!!"
	"Yeah."
	"What about her?"
	Conrad pondered the question heavily, and draped his arm around
his pal.  "Well, buddy-boy," he said, "I'm afraid she's cheating on us."


TAURUS (Apr.20 - May 20)
	Take advantage of this opportunity to get a little extra sleep,
	because you're going to miss the bus again today anyway.  You will
	decide to lose weight today, just like yesterday.


To err is human, to repent, divine, to persist, devilish.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


But they'll never mechanize me -- not me!
Said Charlotte, the Louisville harlot.
		-- S.I. Hayakawa


The worst cliques are those which consist of one man.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Your computer account is overdrawn.  Please see Big Brother.


I was on vacation in Greece last summer, and was being driven round an island
by a Greek cab-driver.  He was a friendly man, and as we drove, he told me
about various historic and scenic places he had been involved with.
	"See the entrance to that church over there?  I built that with my
two sons.  But do they call me `Dimitri the church builder?'  Do they hell!"
	As we passed a dam, he said, "See that dam?  Four of us built that
dam by ourselves!  But do they call me `Dimitri the dam builder?'  Hell, no!"
	As we passed a beautiful cottage, Dimitri started up again -- "See
that house?  I built that for my wife with my own two hands!  But do they
call me `Dimitri the home builder?'  No!  But just one little sheep!"


Militant agnostic: I don't know, and you don't either.


Woman's advice has little value, but he who won't take it is a fool.
		-- Cervantes


	There are some goyisha names that just about guarantee that
someone isn't Jewish.  For example, you'll never meet a Jew named
Johnson or Wright or Jones or Sinclair or Ricks or Stevenson or Reid or
Larsen or Jenks.  But some goyisha names just about guarantee that
every other person you meet with that name will be Jewish.  Why is
this?
	Who knows?  Learned rabbis have pondered this question for
centuries and have failed to come up with an answer, and you think _y_o_u
can find one?  Get serious.  You don't even understand why it's
forbidden to eat crab -- fresh cold crab with mayonnaise -- or lobster
-- soft tender morsels of lobster dipped in melted butter.  You don't
even understand a simple thing like that, and yet you hope to discover
why there are more Jews named Miller than Katz?  Fat Chance.
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


Democracy, n.:
	A government of the masses.  Authority derived through mass meeting
or any other form of direct expression.  Results in mobocracy.  Attitude
toward property is communistic... negating property rights.  Attitude toward
law is that the will of the majority shall regulate, whether it is based
upon deliberation or governed by passion, prejudice, and impulse, without
restraint or regard to consequences.  Result is demagogism, license,
agitation, discontent, anarchy.
		-- U. S. Army Training Manual No. 2000-25 (1928-1932),
		   since withdrawn.


Well, now that SUN's in bed with AT&T, I sure hope she sleeps with her
back to the wall.
		-- Guy Harris, on AT&T buying 20% of SUN Microsystems

Eat shit and die.  Strong memo to follow.
		-- Mike O'Dell, on AT&T buying 20% of SUN Microsystems


If little green men land in your back yard, hide any little green women
you've got in the house.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


All your files have been destroyed (sorry).  Paul.


Man in stall:
	Hey, buddy?  Is there any toilet paper out there?
Man at sink:
	No, I don't see any.  Just a second...  Nope, none in
	any of the other stalls either.
A minute passes.
Man in stall:
	Say, buddy?
Man at sink:
	Yeah?
Man in stall:
	You got change for a ten?


To teach is to learn.


SOMETIMES THE BEAUTY OF THE WORLD is so overwhelming, I just want to throw
back my head and gargle. Just gargle and gargle and I don't care who hears
me because I am beautiful.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Cold, adj.:
	When the politicians walk around with their hands in their own
	pockets.


Xerox never comes up with anything original.


	"Hey, Sam, how about a loan?"
	"Whattaya need?"
	"Oh, about $500."
	"Whattaya got for collateral?"
	"Whattaya need?"
	"How about an eye?"
		-- Sam Giancana


Man has always assumed that he is more intelligent than dolphins because
he has achieved so much -- the wheel, New York, wars and so on -- while
all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good
time.  But, conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were
far more intelligent than man -- for precisely the same reasons.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Ask not what's inside your head, but what your head's inside of.
		-- J. J. Gibson


Viking, n.:
	1. Daring Scandinavian seafarers, explorers, adventurers,
	entrepreneurs world-famous for their aggressive, nautical import
	business, highly leveraged takeovers and blue eyes.
	2. Bloodthirsty sea pirates who ravaged northern Europe beginning
	in the 9th century.

Hagar's note: The first definition is much preferred; the second is used
only by malcontents, the envious, and disgruntled owners of waterfront
property.


All men have the right to wait in line.


A real patriot is the fellow who gets a parking
ticket and rejoices that the system works.


	"How'd you get that flat?"
	"Ran over a bottle."
	"Didn't you see it?"
	"Damn kid had it under his coat."


Many are called, few are chosen.
Fewer still get to do the choosing.


Absence makes the heart grow fonder -- of somebody else.


Marriage is a great institution -- but I'm
not ready for an institution yet.
		-- Mae West


Credit ... is the only enduring testimonial to man's confidence in man.
		-- James Blish


A retired schoolteacher finally decided that she was tired of living alone
and wanted some companionship, so after a good deal of thought she decided
to visit the local pet shop.  The owner suggested a parrot, with which she
could conduct a civilized conversation.  This seemed to be an excellent
idea, so she bought a handsome parrot, sat him on a perch in her living room,
and said, "Say 'Pretty boy.'"  Silence from the bird.  "Come on now, say
'Pretty boy ... pretty boy.'"
	At long last, disgustedly, the bird said, "Oh, shit."
	Shocked, the schoolteacher said, "Just for that, you get five minutes
in the refrigerator."  Five minutes later she put the shivering bird back on
its perch and said, "Now let's hear it: 'Pretty boy ... pretty boy.'"
	"Damn it, wouldja lay off, lady?" said the parrot.
	Outraged, the woman grabbed the bird, said, "That's it!  Ten minutes
in the freezer," and slammed the door on him.
	Hopping about to keep warm, what does the parrot come across but a
big frozen turkey waiting for Thanksgiving.  Startled, he squawks, "My God,
you must have told the bitch to go fuck herself!"


Love is in the offing.  Be affectionate to one who adores you.


68:
	Do me now and I'll owe you one.


To teach is to learn.


It is difficult to soar with the eagles when you work with turkeys.


I watch television because you don't know what it will do if you leave it
in the room alone.


X windows:
	The ultimate bottleneck.
	Flawed beyond belief.
	The only thing you have to fear.
	Somewhere between chaos and insanity.
	On autopilot to oblivion.
	The joke that kills.
	A disgrace you can be proud of.
	A mistake carried out to perfection.
	Belongs more to the problem set than the solution set.
	To err is X windows.
	Ignorance is our most important resource.
	Complex nonsolutions to simple nonproblems.
	Built to fall apart.
	Nullifying centuries of progress.
	Falling to new depths of inefficiency.
	The last thing you need.
	The de facto substandard.

Elevating brain damage to an art form.
	X windows.


You k'n hide de fier, but w'at you gwine do wid de smoke?
		-- Joel Chandler Harris, proverbs of Uncle Remus


Most people will listen to your unreasonable demands,
if you'll consider their unacceptable offer.


What a man enjoys most about a woman's clothes are his fantasies of how
she would look without them.
		-- Brendan Francis


IRONY:
	A windy day, when, just as a beautiful girl with
	a short skirt approaches, dust blows in your eyes.


You need only reflect that one of the best ways to get yourself a
reputation as a dangerous citizen these days is to go about repeating
the very phrases which our founding fathers used in the struggle for
independence.
		-- Charles A. Beard


I got my driver's license photo taken out of focus on purpose.  Now
when I get pulled over the cop looks at it (moving it nearer and
farther, trying to see it clearly)...  and says, "Here, you can go."
		-- Steven Wright


A prisoner of war is a man who tries to kill you and fails, and then
asks you not to kill him.
		-- Sir Winston Churchill, 1952


Wilcox's Law:
	A pat on the back is only a few
	centimeters from a kick in the pants.


If in doubt, mumble.


Writing about music is like dancing about architecture.
		-- Frank Zappa


What makes you think graduate school
is supposed to be satisfying?
		-- Erica Jong, "Fear of Flying"


Q:	What is the worst story Helen Keller ever read?
A:	A cheese grater.


The rhino is a homely beast,
For human eyes he's not a feast.
Farewell, farewell, you old rhinoceros,
I'll stare at something less prepoceros.
		-- Ogden Nash


There is no distinction between any AI program and some existent game.


Three hours a day will produce as much as a man ought to write.
		-- Trollope


If money can't buy happiness, I guess you'll just have to rent it.


Reputation, adj.:
	What others are not thinking about you.


What one fool can do, another can.
		-- Ancient Simian proverb


Navel, n.:
	A place to stash your gum on the way down.


Mind you, not as bad as the night Archie Pettigrew ate some sheep's
testicles for a bet...  God, that bloody sheep kicked him!
		-- Ripping Yarns


Put no trust in cryptic comments.


If opportunity came disguised as temptation, one knock would be enough.


You can't go home again, unless you set $HOME.


Truly simple systems... require infinite testing.
		-- Norman Augustine


Much as they like to persuade us differently, lawyers are simply hired
consultants, and at some point you time them out.
		-- Craig Partridge


Mary had a little sheep,
And with the sheep she went to sleep,
The sheep turned out to be a ram,
And Mary had a little lamb.


American culture is based on the automobile, and any young man of promise
is going to own one and want to travel great distances in it.  Consequently,
any young woman of aspiration should expect to spend most of her vacations
in a car, probing into unfamiliar corners.  She is not required to know how
to drive but she will certainly be expected to read the road map while her
husband drives, and if she can't, or if she's abnormally slow in giving him
help, she's bound to cause trouble.  Therefore, you'd think that colleges
which train the bright young women who're going to marry the bright young
men who are going to own the Cadillacs that roar back and forth across this
continent would teach the girls to read maps.  None do. They teach a hundred
other useless things, but never a word about the one that will cause the
greatest friction.
		-- James Michener, "Space"


Politicians should read science fiction, not westerns and detective stories.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke


A Scotsman clad in kilts left a bar one evening fair.
One could tell by how he walked, he'd drunk more than his share.
He staggered on until he could no longer keep his feet.
So he stumbled off into the grass to sleep beside the street.

Later on two young and lovely girls just happened by.
One says to the other, with a twinkle in her eye.
"See yon sleeping Scotsman so young and handsome built?"
"I wonder if it's true what they don't wear beneath their kilts?"

They stepped up to the Scotsman, so young and fancy free.
They lifted up his kilt above the waist so they could see.
And there behold for them the view beneath his Scottish skirt,
Was nothing more than God had graced him with upon his birth.

They marveled for a moment, then one said, "Best be gone."
"Let's leave a present for our friend before we move along."
As a gift they left a blue ribbon tied into a bow,
Around the bonny star of the Scot's kilt lifting show.

The Scot awoke to nature's call and stumbled to the trees.
Behind a bush he lifts his kilt and gawks at what he sees.
Then in a startled voice he says to what's before his eyes,
"Och, lad I dinna know whar' ya been, but I see ya won first prize."
		-- Mike Cross, "The Scotsman"


Can't open /usr/games/fortunes.  Lid stuck on cookie jar.


The individual choice of garnishment of a burger can be an important
point to the consumer in this day when individualism is an increasingly
important thing to people.
		-- Donald N. Smith, president of Burger King


She won' go Warp 7, Cap'n!  The batteries are dead!


QOTD:
	"I'm just a boy named 'su'..."


There are two ways of constructing a software design: One way is to
make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies, and the
other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious
deficiencies.
		-- C. A. R. Hoare


Oh, my friend, it is not what they take away from you that counts --
it's what you do with what you have left.
		-- Hubert H. Humphrey


The nervous young bride became irritated by her husband's lusty advances on
their wedding night and reprimanded him severely.
	"I demand proper manners in bed," she declared, "just as I do at
the dinner table."
	Amused by his wife's formality, the groom smoothed his rumpled hair
and climbed quietly between the sheets.  "Is that better?" he asked, with a
hint of a smile.
	"Yes," replied the girl, "much better."
	"Very good, darling," the husband whispered.  "Now would you
be so kind as to please pass the pussy?"


Fortune presents:
	USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #3.

Kie estas la plej proksima masa^gejo?	Where's the nearest massage parlor?
Vi dolorigas min.			You're hurting me.
Mi deziras viziti usonan kuraciston.	I want to see an American doctor.
Mi deziras a^ceti kontraugraveda^jojn.	I would like to buy some
						contraceptives.
^Cu tiu estis ankau bona por ci?	Was it good for you too?


Why be a man when you can be a success?
		-- Bertolt Brecht


Scintillation is not always identification for an auric substance.


Just once, I wish we would encounter
an alien menace that wasn't immune to bullets.
		-- The Brigadier, "Doctor Who"


Imagination is more important than knowledge.
		-- Albert Einstein


Q:	What's the capital of Canada?
A:	American.


Now's the time to have some big ideas
Now's the time to make some firm decisions
We saw the Buddha in a bar down south
Talking politics and nuclear fission
We see him and he's all washed up --
Moving on into the body of a beetle
Getting ready for a long long crawl
He ain't nothing -- he ain't nothing at all...

Death and Money make their point once more
In the shape of Philosophical assassins
Mark and Danny take the bus uptown
Deadly angels for reality and passion
Have the courage of the here and now
Don't taking nothing from the half-baked buddhas
When you think you got it paid in full
You got nothing -- you got nothing at all...
	We're on the road and we're gunning for the Buddha.
	We know his name and he mustn't get away.
	We're on the road and we're gunning for the Buddha.
	It would take one shot -- to blow him away...
		-- Shriekback, "Gunning for the Buddha"


I am an atheist, thank God!


People who go to conferences are the ones who shouldn't.


Catproof is an oxymoron, childproof nearly so.


YOUR FOAMY FUTURE
	by Miss Fortune

ARIES (March 21 - April 19)
	Matters are not good, where your health is concerned.  This Fall, be
sure to "walk groundly, talk profoundly, drink roundly, and sleep soundly"
and you will live all the days of your life.

TAURUS (April 20 - May 20)
	You spent a fortune on beer this past summer and now find yourself
in a deep depression because you can't afford even one of your favorite
brewskis.  Don't fret too much, Taurus.  To get back on your feet simply
miss two car payments.

GEMINI (May 21 - June 21)
	You think you're falling in love with a person who has a lot in
common with yourself.  You both prefer ales, you've both tried your hand
at homebrewing, and you both want to visit every new brewpub that opens.
Sounds impressive but remember you really don't know your partner until
you meet in court.


		My Favorite Drugs [Sung to My Favorite Things]
Reefers and roach clips and papers and rollers
Cocaine and procaine for twenty year molars
Reds and peyote to work out your bugs
These are a few of my favorite drugs.

Uppers and downers and methedrine freakout
Take some amphetamines, watch your brains leak out
Acid and mescaline pull out your plugs
These are a few of my favorite drugs.

Backs that are perfect for carrying monkeys
Users of heroin, often called junkies
Methadone helps then to stop being thugs
Takes them off one of my favorite drugs.

	On a bad trip
	When the cops come
	When I lose my head
	I simply take more of my favorite drugs
	And then I'm not sad -- I'm dead!


For my birthday I got a humidifier and a de-humidifier.  I
put them in the same room and let them fight it out.
		-- Steven Wright


A is for Apple.
		-- Hester Pryne


	A ten-year-old kid came home from school one day, and when his mom
asked how was school he says: "Gee, great, mom.  I got laid!"
	She's shocked and sends him upstairs, where his dad finds him after
work.  "Mommy told me about your day at school, Billy, and I think we men
should keep it a secret.  Women just don't understand these things."
	So every night Dad goes up to Billy's room after Mom tucks him in:
"You get laid today, Billy?"
	"Yeah, Dad."
	"How was it?"
	"Real neat, Dad, I liked it a lot."
	"Good Boy!".
	A month later: "You get laid today?"
	"No, Dad."
	"No?  How come?"
	"Gee, Dad, my ass is getting really sore."


One pill makes you larger		And if you go chasing rabbits
And, one pill makes you small.		And you know you're going to fall.
And the ones that mother gives you,	Tell 'em a hookah smoking caterpillar
Don't do anything at all.		Has given you the call.
Go ask Alice				Call Alice
When she's ten feet tall.		When she was just small.

When men on the chessboard		When logic and proportion
Get up and tell you where to go.	Have fallen sloppy dead,
And you've just had some kind of	And the White Knight is talking
	mushroom				backwards
And your mind is moving low.		And the Red Queen's lost her head
Go ask Alice				Remember what the dormouse said:
I think she'll know.				Feed your head.
						Feed your head.
						Feed your head.
		-- Jefferson Airplane, "White Rabbit"


No matter how subtle the wizard, a knife in the shoulder blades will seriously
cramp his style.


He who makes a beast of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man.
		-- Dr. Johnson


I wish I was a fascinating lady
With a past that was cheap and a future that was shady
I'd sleep all day and I'd work all night
I'd live in a house with a little red light
And once a month I'd take a small vacation
And leave all the men to their imagination
And once in a while I'd go all wild
And have myself an illegitimate child
I wish I were a fascinating lady
Instead I'm the minister's child


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #19:

Q:  Doctor, how many autopsies have you performed on dead people?
A:  All my autopsies have been performed on dead people.


Give thought to your reputation.
Consider changing your name and moving to a new town.


There is no bad taste.  There is only good taste, and that is bad.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Nothing matters very much, and few things matter at all.
		-- Arthur Balfour


Tell a man there are 300 billion stars in the universe and he'll
believe you.  Tell him a bench has wet paint on it and he'll have
to touch to be sure.


Joe's sister puts spaghetti in her shoes!


A prohibitionist is the sort of man one wouldn't care to
drink with -- even if he drank.
		-- H. L. Mencken


To whom the mornings are like nights,
What must the midnights be!
		-- Emily Dickinson (on hacking?)


Have you ever stopped to think what it would be like to have a woman
President?  "I can't deal with the Russians today.  Not now.  I've got
my period."
		-- Steven Moore


I'll learn to play the Saxophone,
I play just what I feel.
Drink Scotch whisky all night long,
And die behind the wheel.
They got a name for the winners in the world,
I want a name when I lose.
They call Alabama the Crimson Tide,
Call me Deacon Blues.
		-- Becker and Fagan, "Deacon Blues"


I don't know why women get so upset, they have half the
money and all the pussy.
		-- Gary Bussy, "DC Cab"


Noise proves nothing.  Often a hen who has
merely laid an egg cackles as if she laid an asteroid.
		-- Mark Twain


I wouldn't marry her with a ten foot pole.


Dying is one of the few things that can be done as easily lying down.
		-- Woody Allen


No woman can call herself free until she can choose consciously whether
she will or will not be a mother.
		-- Margaret H. Sanger


Never count your chickens before they rip your lips off.


I do not believe in the creed professed by the Jewish Church, by the Roman
Church, by the Greek Church, by the Turkish Church, by the Protestant Church,
nor by any Church that I know of.  My own mind is my own Church.
		-- Thomas Paine


And having stretched me out upon his bed with my head a little to one side,
he sat down next to me and raised my head upon his lap.  He peered avidly at
me, his eyes seemed ready to devour the secretion oozing from my nose.  "Oh,
the pretty little snotface," said he, beginning to pant, "How I'm going to
suck her."  Therewith bending down over me, and taking my nose in his mouth,
not only did he devour all the mucus between my nose and mouth, but he even
lewdly darted the tip of his tongue into each of my nostrils, one after the
other, and with such cleverness he provoked two or three sneezes which
redoubled the flow he desired and was consuming so hungrily.  But ask me for
no details bearing upon this fellow, Messieurs, nothing appeared, and whether
because he did nothing, or because he did it all in his drawers, there was
nothing to be seen, and amidst the multitude of his kisses and lecherous
lickings there was nothing outstanding which might have denoted an ecstasy,
and consequently it is my opinion that he did not discharge.  All my clothes
were in place, even his hands stayed still, and I give you my word that this
old libertine's fantasy might be performed upon the world's most respectable
and least initiated girl without her being able to suppose there was anything
lewd in it at all.
		-- Marquis de Sade


He who hesitates is last.


Anything is good and useful if it's made of chocolate.


If bankers can count, how come they have
eight windows and only four tellers?


It is exactly because a man cannot do a
thing that he is a proper judge of it.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Q:	What's the difference between Los Angeles and yogurt?
A:	Yogurt has a living, active culture.


The difference between her and the Titanic is that only 1100 men
went down on the Titanic.


Anger is momentary madness.
		-- Horace


Johnny Carson's Observation on Geriatrics:
	Sex in the sixties is great, but it improves if you pull
	over to the side of the road.


ASCII a stupid question, you get an EBCDIC answer.


Astrology... just a bunch of Taurus.


Buffy:	Am I repulsive?  If there was something repulsive about me, you'd
	tell me right?
Willow:	I'm your friend.  I would call you repulsive in a second.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Harsh Light of Day"
		   Season 1, Episode 3


O imitators, you slavish herd!
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Go away, I'm all right.
		-- H. G. Wells' last words


If the government doesn't trust the people, why
doesn't it dissolve them and elect a new people?


Hear about...
	the girl who was so undesirable that she even turned her vibrator
	off?


Speaking of Godzilla and other things that convey horror:

	With a purposeful grimace and a Mongo-like flair
	He throws the spinning disk drives in the air!
	And he picks up a Vax and he throws it back down
	As he wades through the lab making terrible sounds!
	Helpless users with projects due
	Scream "My God!" as he stomps on the tape drives, too!

	Oh, no!  He says Unix runs too slow!  Go, go, DECzilla!
	Oh, yes!  He's gonna bring up VMS!  Go, go, DECzilla!"

* VMS is a trademark of Digital Equipment Corporation
* DECzilla is a trademark of Hollow Chocolate Bunnies of Death, Inc.
		-- Curtis Jackson


You can't survive by sucking the juice from a wet mitten.
		-- Charles Schulz, "Things I've Had to Learn Over and
		   Over and Over"


The grave's a fine and private place,
but none, I think, do there embrace.
		-- Andrew Marvell


A transistor protected by a fast-acting
fuse will protect the fuse by blowing first.


If we won't stand together, we don't stand a chance.


Would you care to view the ruins of my good intentions?


Lady to Golf Pro: "I was stung by bees on your golf course!"
Pro:	"Ummm, well, where?"
Lady:	"Between the 1st and 2nd holes."
Pro:	"That's going to real tough to treat."


A young boy is told by his puritanical father than he should never have
sex with a woman, because a woman has teeth in her vagina and will bite
off his penis.
	The years go by, and the boy finally marries.  After a rather
uninspiring honeymoon his wife finally confronts him and demands that he
tell her why he won't make love to her.
	"Well, honey," he replies.  "You have... teeth... down there."
	"What!?" she replies unbelievingly.  "No I don't!  Honest, darling,
come here and look for yourself."
	The man rather hesitantly examines her very thoroughly.
	"There!" his wife says triumphantly.  "Now do you believe me?"
	"Yes," replied her husband.  "And your gums are in *terrible*
condition."


Oden the bardling averred
His muse was the bum of a bird,
	And his Lesbian wife
	Would finger his fife
While Fisherwood waited as third.


That's life.
	What's life?
A magazine.
	How much does it cost?
Two-fifty.
	I only have a dollar.
That's life.


Three gay guys were discussing what they thought their favorite sport would
be.  The first decides on football, 'cause of all those gorgeous guys bending
over in their tight pants.
	"Definitely wrestling," sighs the second guy.  "Those skimpy little
costumes, and think of the holds."
	"Definitely baseball," says the third guy.  "Why?  Well, I'd be
pitching with the bases loaded, the batter would hit a savage one-hopper
right to me, I'd catch it, and I'd just stand there while the other guys
rounded the bases.  Meanwhile, the crowd would be going crazy, screaming,
`Throw the ball, you cocksucker!' and that's what I like -- recognition!"


