Two Russian friends happen to meet in Red Square.  One of them says, "By
the way, did you hear that Romanov died?"
	"No," replied the other, "I didn't even know he'd been arrested!"


	It seems there's this magician working one of the luxury cruise ships
for a few years.  He doesn't have to change his routines much as the audiences
change over fairly often, and he's got a good life.  The only problem is the
ship's parrot, who perches in the hall and watches him night after night, year
after year.  Finally, the parrot figures out how almost every trick works and
starts giving it away for the audience.  For example, when the magician makes
a bouquet of flowers disappear, the parrot squawks "Behind his back!  Behind
his back!"  Well, the magician is really annoyed at this, but there's not much
he can do about it as the parrot is a ship's mascot and very popular with the
passengers.
	One night, the ship strikes some floating debris, and sinks without
a trace.  Almost everyone aboard was lost, except for the magician and the
parrot.  For three days and nights they just drift, with the magician clinging
to one end of a piece of driftwood and the parrot perched on the other end.
As the sun rises on the morning of the fourth day, the parrot walks over to
the magician's end of the log.  With obvious disgust in his voice, he snaps
"OK, you win, I give up.  Where did you hide the ship?"


Self-abuse is the most certain road to the grave.
		-- Dr. George M. Calhoun (1855)


	Vice-President Hubert Humphrey's loquacity is legendary, and Barry
Goldwater notes that "Hubert has been clocked at 275 words a minute with gusts
up to 340."

	On the campaign trail during 1964, Republican nominee Barry Goldwater
stated, "The immediate task before us is to cut the Federal Government down
to size... we must take Lyndon's credit card away from him."

	A favorite 1964 campaign stunt of Barry Goldwater's was to poke a
finger through a pair of lensless blackrimmed glasses, saying, "These glasses
are just like [Lyndon Johnson's] programs.  They look good but they don't
work."
		-- Bill Adler, "The Washington Wits"


If you don't count some of Jehovah's injunctions, there are no humorists
in the Bible.
		-- Mordecai Richler


Q:	How do you know when you're in the <ethnic> section of Vermont?
A:	The maple sap buckets are hanging on utility poles.


If God had wanted you to go around nude,
He would have given you bigger hands.


Death is a spirit leaving a body, sort
of like a shell leaving the nut behind.
		-- Erma Bombeck


MALPRACTICE:
	The reason surgeons wear masks.


Euch ist bekannt, was wir beduerfen;
Wir wollen stark Getraenke schluerfen.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, "Faust"


Q:	Why do mountain climbers rope themselves together?
A:	To prevent the sensible ones from going home.


Alimony is like buying oats for a dead horse.
		-- Arthur Baer


The fellow sat down at a bar, ordered a drink and asked the bartender if he
wanted to hear a dumb-jock joke.
	"Hey, buddy," the bartender replied, "you see those two guys next to
you?  They used to be with the Chicago Bears.  The two dudes behind you made
the U.S. Olympic wrestling team.  And for you information, I used to play
center at Notre Dame."
	"Forget it," the customer said.  "I don't want to explain it five
times."


God helps them that helps themselves.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


A witty saying proves nothing, but saying something pointless gets
people's attention.


QOTD:
	"How can I miss you if you won't go away?"


Therefore it is necessary to learn how not to be good, and to use
this knowledge and not use it, according to the necessity of the cause.
		-- Machiavelli


A homeowner's reach should exceed his grasp, or what's a weekend for?


"It could be that Walter's horse has wings" does not imply that there is
any such animal as Walter's horse, only that there could be; but "Walter's
horse is a thing which could have wings" does imply Walter's horse's
existence.  But the conjunction "Walter's horse exists, and it could be
that Walter's horse has wings" still does not imply "Walter's horse is a
thing that could have wings", for perhaps it can only be that Walter's
horse has wings by Walter having a different horse.  Nor does "Walter's
horse is a thing which could have wings" conversely imply "It could be that
Walter's horse has wings"; for it might be that Walter's horse could only
have wings by not being Walter's horse.

I would deny, though, that the formula [Necessarily if some x has property P
then some x has property P] expresses a logical law, since P(x) could stand
for, let us say "x is a better logician than I am", and the statement "It is
necessary that if someone is a better logician than I am then someone is a
better logician than I am" is false because there need not have been any me.
		-- A. N. Prior, "Time and Modality"


Q:	What's the difference between a cocker spaniel and a doberman
	pinscher humping your leg?
A:	You let the doberman finish.


He that composes himself is wiser than he that composes a book.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Put no trust in cryptic comments.


They also surf who only stand on waves.


Everything in this book may be wrong.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


Gunter's Airborne Discoveries:
	(1)  When you are served a meal aboard an aircraft,
	     the aircraft will encounter turbulence.
	(2)  The strength of the turbulence
	     is directly proportional to the temperature of your coffee.


People seem to enjoy things more when they know a lot of other people
have been left out on the pleasure.
		-- Russell Baker


Lesbian QOTD:
I didn't give up sex, I just gave up premature ejaculation.


A woman went into a hospital one day to give birth.  Afterwards, the doctor
came to her and said, "I have some... odd news for you."
	"Is my baby all right?" the woman anxiously asked.
	"Yes, he is," the doctor replied, "but we don't know how.  Your son
(we assume) was born with no body.  He only has a head."
	Well, the doctor was correct.  The Head was alive and well, though no
one knew how.  The Head turned out to be fairly normal, ignoring his lack of
a body, and lived for some time as typical a life as could be expected under
the circumstances.
	One day, about twenty years after the fateful birth, the woman got a
phone call from another doctor.  The doctor said, "I have recently perfected
an operation.  Your son can live a normal life now: we can graft a body onto
his head!"
	The woman, practically weeping with joy, thanked the doctor and hung
up.  She ran up the stairs saying, "Johnny, Johnny, I have a *wonderful*
surprise for you!"
	"Oh no," cried The Head, "not another HAT!"


Renning's Maxim:
	Man is the highest animal.  Man does the classifying.


Walters' Rule:
	All airline flights depart from the gates most distant from
	the center of the terminal.  Nobody ever had a reservation
	on a plane that left Gate 1.


Clay's Conclusion:
	Creativity is great, but plagiarism is faster.


A fair exterior is a silent recommendation.
		-- Publilius Syrus


Would ye both eat your cake and have your cake?
		-- John Heywood


That's one small step for a man; one giant leap for mankind.
		-- Neil Armstrong


Mos Eisley Spaceport; you'll not find a more
wretched collection of villainy and disreputable types...
		-- Obi-wan Kenobi, "Star Wars"


Families, when a child is born
Want it to be intelligent.
I, through intelligence,
Having wrecked my whole life,
Only hope the baby will prove
Ignorant and stupid.
Then he will crown a tranquil life
By becoming a Cabinet Minister
		-- Su Tung-p'o


It now costs more to amuse a child than it once did to educate his father.


When one knows women one pities men,
but when one studies men, one excuses women.
		-- Horne Tooke


In any problem, if you find yourself doing an infinite amount of work,
the answer may be obtained by inspection.


	"Are pirates an ethnic group?  Or are they just people who burn
illegal cds?"
	"Arrrr!  We prefer to be called Buccaneer-Americans."


God wants us to know that if we see a bumper sticker saying "Honk if you love
Jesus" it is a bad idea to honk to express an opinion about Jesus because it
will annoy the turkey who put the bumper sticker on as well as everyone else
in the vicinity.  However, it is just fine to honk to annoy the turkey simply
for being a turkey, for God told Man to be fruitful and multiply, and to rule
over the beasts of the field and the birds of the air, and that includes the
turkeys who buy such bumper stickers.  Of course, God understands that innocent
bystanders will also be annoyed, but He has wisely created traffic cops to
impose some constraint on how much we may annoy the turkeys within city limits,
for God's wisdom comprehends full well that thou shalt not make an omelette
without breaking eggs.  God only wishes they were turkey eggs, so such moral
dilemmas shall be fewer in number in the future, when the generations a-coming
(hallelujah) won't have so many turkeys to deal with.  But God knows full well
that such things take time, and the turkeys are showing more resilience than
expected, and may be with us for a long time yet.


The confusion of a staff member is measured by the length of his
memos.
		-- New York Times, Jan. 20, 1981


Hire the handicapped -- they're fun to watch!


HEY KIDS!  ANN LANDERS SAYS:
	Remember, oral sex CAN cause pregnancy, unless you use an
oral contraceptive.  See your family planning clinic today!


Don't abandon hope.
Your Captain Midnight decoder ring arrives tomorrow.


	When the noted playwright George Bernard Shaw sent him two tickets to
the opening night of his new play with a note that read: "Bring a friend, if
you have one," Churchill, not to be outdone, promptly wired back: "You and
your play can go fuck yourselves."
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


XXXVI:
	The thickness of the proposal required to win a multimillion dollar
	contract is about one millimeter per million dollars.  If all the
	proposals conforming to this standard were piled on top of each other
	at the bottom of the Grand Canyon it would probably be a good idea.
XXXVII:
	Ninety percent of the time things will turn out worse than you expect.
	The other 10 percent of the time you had no right to expect so much.
XXXVIII:
	The early bird gets the worm.
	The early worm ... gets eaten.
XXXIX:
	Never promise to complete any project within six months of the end of
	the year -- in either direction.
XL:
	Most projects start out slowly -- and then sort of taper off.
		-- Norman Augustine


You can grovel with a lover, you can grovel with a friend,
You can grovel with your boss, and it never has to end.

(chorus)	Grovel, grovel, grovel, every night and every day,
		Grovel, grovel, grovel, in your own peculiar way.

You can grovel in a hallway, you can grovel in a park,
You can grovel in an alley with a mugger after dark.
(chorus)

You can grovel with your uncle, you can grovel with your aunt,
You can grovel with your Apple, even though you say you can't.
(chorus)


This dungeon is owned and operated by Frobazz Magic Co., Ltd.


The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice
and tragedy.  What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the
master calls a butterfly.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


Love IS what it's cracked up to be.


Mohandas K. Gandhi often changed his mind publicly.  An aide once asked him
how he could so freely contradict this week what he had said just last week.
The great man replied that it was because this week he knew better.


Never say you know a man until you have divided an inheritance with him.


	A farmer decides that his three sows should be bred, and contacts a
buddy down the road, who owns several boars.  They agree on a stud fee, and
the farmer puts the sows in his pickup and takes them down the road to the
boars.  He leaves them all day, and when he picks them up that night, asks
the man how he can tell if it "took" or not.  The breeder replies that if,
the next morning, the sows were grazing on grass, they were pregnant, but if
they were rolling in the mud as usual, they probably weren't.
	Comes the morn, the sows are rolling in the mud as usual, so the
farmer puts them in the truck and brings them back for a second full day of
frolic.  This continues for a week, since each morning the sows are rolling
in the mud.
	Around the sixth day, the farmer wakes up and tells his wife, "I
don't have the heart to look again.  This is getting ridiculous.  You check
today."  With that, the wife peeks out the bedroom window and starts to laugh.
	"What is it?" asks the farmer excitedly.  "Are they grazing at last?"
	"Nope." replies his wife.  "Two of them are jumping up and down in
the back of your truck, and the other one is honking the horn!"


Oh Lord, won't you buy me a 4BSD?
My friends all got sources, so why can't I see?
Come all you moby hackers, come sing it out with me:
To hell with the lawyers from AT&T!


6802 hackers make great use of the SEX instruction.


It is impossible to enjoy idling thoroughly
unless one has plenty of work to do.
		-- Jerome Klapka Jerome


You can always pick up your needle and move to another groove.
		-- Tim Leary


You can fool some of the people all of the time,
and all of the people some of the time,
but you can make a fool of yourself anytime.


He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.


Those of you who think you know it all upset those of us who do.


You had mail.
Paul read it, so ask him what it said.


A word to the wise is enough.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


Rubber bands have snappy endings!


Ten of the meanest cons in the state pen met in the corner of the yard to
shoot some craps.  The stakes were enormous, the tension palpable.
	When his turn came to shoot, Dutsky nervously plunked down his
entire wad, shook the dice and rolled.  A smile crossed his face as a
seven showed up, but it quickly changed to horror as third die slipped out
of his sleeve and fell to the ground with the two others.  No one said a
word.  Finally, Killer Lucci picked up the third die, put it in his pocket
and handed the others to Dutsky.
	"Roll 'em," Lucci said.  "Your point is thirteen."


The sum of the intelligence of the world is constant.
The population is, of course, growing.


At these prices, I lose money -- but I make it up in volume.
		-- Peter G. Alaquon


Megaton Man:	"LOOK at them!  Helpless, tender creatures, relying on
		ME, waiting for ME to make my move!"

(from below):	"Move your ASS, Fat-head!"

Megaton Man:	"It is a MANDATE, and I am DUTY BOUND to OBEY!"


The Junior God now heads the roll
In the list of heaven's peers;
He sits in the House of High Control,
And he regulates the spheres.
Yet does he wonder, do you suppose,
If, even in gods divine,
The best and wisest may not be those
Who have wallowed awhile with the swine?
		-- R. W. Service


I've finally found the perfect girl,
I couldn't ask for more,
She's deaf and dumb and over-sexed,
And owns a liquor store.


Immutability, Three Rules of:
	(1)  If a tarpaulin can flap, it will.
	(2)  If a small boy can get dirty, he will.
	(3)  If a teenager can go out, he will.


Large increases in cost with questionable increases in
performance can be tolerated only in race horses and women.
		-- Lord Kelvin


If there is no God, who pops up the next Kleenex?
		-- Art Hoppe


Little Red Riding Hood was walking through the woods on her way to visit
her grandmother when a wolf jumped out from behind a tree.
	"Aha!" the wolf said, "Now I've got you, and I'm going to eat you."
	"Eat, eat, eat," said Little Red Riding Hood angrily,
"Damn it, doesn't anybody fuck anymore?"


Somehow I reached excess without ever noticing
when I was passing through satisfaction.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


Have you noticed that all you need to grow healthy,
vigorous grass is a crack in your sidewalk?


By the time they had diminished from 50 to 8, the other dwarves began
to suspect "Hungry" ...
		-- Gary Larson, "The Far Side"


Top scientists agree that with the present rate of consumption, the
earth's supply of gravity will be exhausted before the 24th century.
As man struggles to discover cheaper alternatives, we need your help.
Please...

			CONSERVE GRAVITY

Follow these simple suggestions:

(1)  Walk with a light step.  Carry helium balloons if possible.
(2)  Use tape, magnets, or glue instead of paperweights.
(3)  Give up skiing and skydiving for more horizontal sports like
     curling.
(4)  Avoid showers ... take baths instead.
(5)  Don't hang all your clothes in the closet ... Keep them in one big
     pile.
(6)  Stop flipping pancakes


You have an unusual magnetic personality.  Don't walk too close to
metal objects which are not fastened down.


I had another dream the other day about government financial management
people.  They were small and rodent-like with padlocked ears, as if they
had stepped out of a painting by Goya.


A couple took their young son for his first visit to the circus, and by
chance their seats were next to the elephant pen.  When his father left
to buy popcorn, the boy piped up,
	"Mom, what's that long thing on the elephant?"
	"That's the elephant's trunk, dear," she replied.
	"No, not that."
	"Oh, that's the elephant's tail."
	"No, Mom.  Down underneath."
	His mother blushed and said, "Oh, that's nothing."
	Pretty soon the father returned, and the mother went off to get
a soda.  As soon as she had left the boy repeated his question.
	"That's the elephant's trunk, son."
	"Dad, I know what an elephant's trunk is.  The thing at the
other end."
	"Oh, that's the elephant's tail."
	"No.  Down there."
	The father took a good look and explained, "That's the elephant's
penis."
	"Dad, how come when I asked Mom, she said it was nothing?"
	The man took a deep breath and replied, "Son, I've *spoiled*
that woman."


Water?  Never touch the stuff!  Fish fuck in it.
		-- W. C. Fields


Go slowly to the entertainments of thy friends,
but quickly to their misfortunes.
		-- Chilo


Dave Mack:	"Your stupidity, Allen, is simply not up to par."
Allen Gwinn:	"Yours is."


Nothing is as simple as it seems at first
	Or as hopeless as it seems in the middle
		Or as finished as it seems in the end.


Pelorat sighed.
	"I will never understand people."
	"There's nothing to it.  All you have to do is take a close look
at yourself and you will understand everyone else.  How would Seldon have
worked out his Plan -- and I don't care how subtle his mathematics was --
if he didn't understand people; and how could he have done that if people
weren't easy to understand?  You show me someone who can't understand
people and I'll show you someone who has built up a false image of himself
-- no offense intended."
		-- Isaac Asimov, "Foundation's Edge"


You will have a long and unpleasant discussion with your supervisor.


The skater, Barbara Ann Scott
Is so fuckingly "winsome" a snot,
	That when posed on her toes
	She elaborately shows
Teeth, fat ass, titties and twat.


Retirement means that when someone says "Have a nice day", you
actually have a shot at it.


There is no cure for birth and death other than to enjoy the interval.
		-- George Santayana


	Harry, a golfing enthusiast if there ever was one, arrived home
from the club to an irate, ranting wife.
	"I'm leaving you, Harry," his wife announced bitterly.  "You
promised me faithfully that you'd be back before six and here it is almost
nine.  It just can't take that long to play 18 holes of golf."
	"Honey, wait," said Harry.  "Let me explain.  I know what I promised
you, but I have a very good reason for being late.  Fred and I tee'd off
right on time and everything was fine for the first three holes.  Then, on
the fourth tee Fred had a stroke.  I ran back to the clubhouse but couldn't
find a doctor.  And, by the time I got back to Fred, he was dead.  So, for
the next 15 holes, it was hit the ball, drag Fred, hit the ball, drag Fred...


A diva who specializes in risqu'e arias is an off-coloratura soprano.


Universities are places of knowledge.  The freshman each bring a little
in with them, and the seniors take none away, so knowledge accumulates.


Moody bitch in search of...
	kind, considerate, loving man.  Objective, love-hate relationship.


Say "twenty-three-skiddoo" to logout.


There are no manifestos like cannon and musketry.
		-- The Duke of Wellington


Even a cabbage may look at a king.


Labor, n.:
	One of the processes by which A acquires property for B.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


It seems that a rabbi, a priest and a minister decided to go fishing one
sunny afternoon.  All three climbed into the boat and headed for the middle
of the lake.  After several hours of relaxation, the minister decided that
"nature was calling", and climbed out of the boat and walked ashore.  In
a few moments, he walked back out to the boat and climbed back in.
	The rabbi was absolutely astonished, but decided not to mention
the apparent miracle.
	A few minutes later, the priest also decided to go ashore for a
moment, and climbed out of the boat, walked to shore, and a few minutes
later came back.
	By now the rabbi was in great distress and had begun to doubt his
beliefs and wonder if there might be some validity to the Christian
teachings.  But he immediately reaffirmed the fact that his faith WAS JUST
AS STRONG as either the priest's or the minister's and decided that anything
they could do, with God's help, he could do as well.
	The rabbi then announced that he needed relief and would walk to
shore.  He climbed out of the boat and went straight to the bottom of the
lake.  While the rabbi was thrashing about in the water, the priest turned to
the minister and said, "So... do you think we ought to tell him where the
rocks are?"


Marriage, in life, is like a duel in the midst of a battle.
		-- Edmond About


She's learned to say things with her eyes
that others waste time putting into words.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(34) The fact that there will always be poor people is not the fault of
     the rich.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


What you mean, how old am I?  About one hundred!  But Viennese answer is
better: we say, "I keep passing the open windows."  This is an old joke.
There was a street clown called King of the Mice: he trained rodents, he
did horoscopes, he could impersonate Napoleon, he could make dogs fart
on command.  One night he jumped out his window with all his pets in a box.
Written on the box was this: "Life is serious, but art is fun!"  I hear his
funeral was a party.  A street artist had killed himself.  Nobody had
supported him but now everybody missed him.  Now who would make the dogs
make music and the mice pant?  The bear knows this, too: it is hard work
and great art to make life not so serious.
		-- John Irving "The Hotel New Hampshire"


In case of atomic attack, the federal ruling
against prayer in schools will be temporarily canceled.


What's the matter with the world?  Why, there ain't but one thing wrong
with every one of us - and that's "selfishness."
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.
		-- Albert Einstein


	"What the hell are you getting so upset about?  I thought you
didn't believe in God."
	"I don't," she sobbed, bursting violently into tears, "but the
God I don't believe in is a good God, a just God, a merciful God.  He's
not the mean and stupid God you make Him out to be."
		-- Joseph Heller, "Catch-22"


I can resist anything but temptation.


Would ye both eat your cake and have your cake?
		-- John Heywood


Business is a good game -- lots of competition
and minimum of rules.  You keep score with money.
		-- Nolan Bushnell, founder of Atari


Absentee, n.:
	A person with an income who has had the forethought
	to remove himself from the sphere of exaction.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


No evil can happen to a good man.
		-- Plato


I believe that professional wrestling is clean
and everything else in the world is fixed.
		-- Frank Deford, sports writer


SAN DIEGO:
	Four million people, where you can't get a
	good cheeseburger, no matter how hard you try.


War is delightful to those who have had no experience of it.
		-- Desiderius Erasmus


Moneyliness is next to Godliness.
		-- Andries van Dam


Young men are fitter to invent than to judge; fitter for execution than for
counsel; and fitter for new projects than for settled business.  For the
experience of age, in things that fall within the compass of it, directeth
them; but in new things, abuseth them.  The errors of young men are the ruin
of business; but the errors of aged men amount but to this, that more might
have been done, or sooner.  Young men, in the conduct and management of
actions, embrace more than they can hold; stir more than they can quiet; fly
to the end, without consideration of the means and degrees; pursue some few
principles which they have chanced upon absurdly; care not how they innovate,
which draws unknown inconveniences; and, that which doubleth all errors, will
not acknowledge or retract them; like an unready horse, that will neither stop
nor turn.  Men of age object too much, consult too long, adventure too little,
repent too soon, and seldom drive business home to the full period, but
content themselves with a mediocrity of success.  Certainly, it is good to
compound employments of both ... because the virtues of either age may correct
the defects of both.
		-- Francis Bacon, "Essay on Youth and Age"


Never settle with words what you can accomplish with a flame thrower.


You will have a head crash on your private pack.


I know the answer!  The answer lies within the heart of all mankind!
The answer is twelve?  I think I'm in the wrong building.
		-- Charles Schulz


In defeat, unbeatable; in victory, unbearable.
		-- Winston Churchill, on General Montgomery


The difference between a good haircut and a bad one is seven days.


Q:	How did the regular expression cross the road?
A:	^.*$


Philogyny recapitulates erogeny; erogeny recapitulates philogyny.


AQUARIUS (Jan. 20 to Feb. 18)
	A friend will step forward and confide in you about your breath.  Rely
	on your outgoing personality and winning smile to get you into a lot
	of trouble.  Be relaxed, things will change.  Look for a pink slip on
	payday.  Stop wetting your bed.


Very few profundities can be expressed in less than 80 characters.


No one can put you down without your full cooperation.


If it wasn't for Newton, we wouldn't have to eat bruised apples.


Actually, the probability is 100% that the elevator
will be going in the right direction.  Proof by induction:

N=1.	Trivially true, since both you and the elevator
	only have one floor to go to.

Assume true for N, prove for N+1:
	If you are on any of the first N floors, then it is true by the
	induction hypothesis.  If you are on the N+1st floor, then both you
	and the elevator have only one choice, namely down.  Therefore,
	it is true for all N+1 floors.
QED.


Happiness, n.:
	Finding the owner of a lost bikini.


Marijuana is like Coors beer.  If you could buy the damn stuff
at a Georgia filling station, you'd decide you wouldn't want it.
		-- Billy Carter


Everything journalists write is true, except when they write about
something you know.
		-- Dag-Erling Smorgrav,
		   June 1999, FreeBSD-Stable Mailing List


	"...The name of the song is called 'Haddocks' Eyes'!"
	"Oh, that's the name of the song, is it?" Alice said, trying to
feel interested.
	"No, you don't understand," the Knight said, looking a little
vexed.  "That's what the name is called.  The name really is, 'The Aged
Aged Man.'"
	"Then I ought to have said "That's what the song is called'?"
Alice corrected herself.
	"No, you oughtn't: that's quite another thing!  The song is
called 'Ways and Means':  but that's only what it is called you know!"
	"Well, what is the song then?" said Alice, who was by this
time completely bewildered.
	"I was coming to that," the Knight said.  "The song really is
"A-sitting on a Gate": and the tune's my own invention."
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


	I managed to say, "Sorry," and no more.  I knew that he disliked
me to cry.
	This time he said, watching me, "On some occasions it is better
to weep."
	I put my head down on the table and sobbed, "If only she could come
back; I would be nice."
	Francis said, "You gave her great pleasure always."
	"Oh, not enough."
	"Nobody can give anybody enough."
	"Not ever?"
	"No, not ever.  But one must go on trying."
	"And doesn't one ever value people until they are gone?"
	"Rarely," said Francis.  I went on weeping; I saw how little I had
valued him; how little I had valued anything that was mine.
		-- Pamela Frankau, "The Duchess and the Smugs"


T-shirt of the Day:

	See Dick Drink...
	See Dick Drive...
	See Dick Die.
	DON'T BE A DICK.


Others will look to you for stability,
so hide when you bite your nails.


Aquavit is also considered useful for medicinal purposes, an essential
ingredient in what I was once told is the Norwegian cure for the common
cold.  You get a bottle, a poster bed, and the brightest colored stocking
cap you can find.  You put the cap on the post at the foot of the bed,
then get into bed and drink aquavit until you can't see the cap.  I've
never tried this, but it sounds as though it should work.
		-- Peter Nelson


You're a good example of why some animals eat their young.
		-- Jim Samuels to a heckler

Ah, yes.  I remember my first beer.
		-- Steve Martin to a heckler

When your IQ rises to 28, sell.
		-- Professor Irwin Corey to a heckler


L'hazard ne favorise que l'esprit prepare.
		-- L. Pasteur


Look out for yourself -- or they'll pee on your grave.
		-- Louis B. Mayer

The reason so many people showed up at Louis B. Mayer's funeral
was because they wanted to make sure he was dead.
		-- Samuel Goldwyn


The day will come when the mystical generation of Jesus, by the Supreme Being
as his Father, in the womb of a virgin will be classified with the fable of
the generation of Minerva in the brain of Jupiter.  But we may hope that the
dawn of reason and freedom of thought in these United States will do away with
this artificial scaffolding and restore to us the primitive and genuine
doctrines of this most venerated Reformer of human errors.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


I'm for peace -- I've yet to see a man wake up in the morning and say
"I've just had a good war."
		-- Mae West


Little Known Facts, #23:
	Did you know... that if you dial 911 in Los Angeles you get
	the BMW repair garage?


PAIN:
	Sliding down a 50-foot razor blade into a bucket of alcohol.


It's Like This

Even the samurai
have teddy bears,
and even the teddy bears
get drunk.


In every hierarchy the cream rises until it sours.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


You're almost as happy as you think you are.


Mad, adj.:
	Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Entropy requires no maintenance.
		-- Markoff Chaney


	People who write position papers often find themselves in an
enviable position.  They are hired to write papers for both sides of the
position.
	A good position paper will have many words in it like
"superincumbence," "egress," and "plurification."
	You will not often find the phrase "lightweight dropcase
limp-wristed motherfucker" in a serious position paper.
	Charts and multiplication tables should always be included in
position papers.  They should look complicated enough to make Albert
Einstein stagger across the room for a Tylenol.
	A good position paper will never underestimate the value of a
semicolon.
		-- Dan Jenkins, "Baja Oklahoma"


A nasty looking dwarf throws a knife at you.


question = ( to ) ? be : ! be;
		-- William Shakespeare


Hollywood is where if you don't have happiness you send out for it.
		-- Rex Reed


The Lord gave us farmers two strong hands so we could grab as much as
we could with both of them.
		-- Joseph Heller, "Catch-22"


Don't read any sky-writing for the next two weeks.


QOTD:
	"The marines and I have something in common; we're both looking for
	a few good men!"


I always pass on good advice.  It is the only thing to do with it.
It is never any good to oneself.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "An Ideal Husband"


Kime's Law for the Reward of Meekness:
	Turning the other cheek merely ensures two bruised cheeks.


Darling: the popular form of address used in speaking to a member of the
opposite sex whose name you cannot at the moment remember.
		-- Oliver Herford


Lunatic Asylum, n.:
	The place where optimism most flourishes.


Sex is not the answer.  Sex is the question.  "Yes" is the answer.


	Harry was delighted when he found a young woman who accepted his
proposal of marriage as he was pretty sensitive about his artificial leg
and afraid that no one would have him.  In fact, he couldn't bring himself
to tell his fiancee about his leg when he slipped the ring on her finger,
nor when she bought the dress, nor when they picked the time and place.
All he kept saying was, "Darling, I've got a big surprise for you," at which
she blushed and smiled bewitchingly.
	The wedding came and went, and the young couple were at last alone
in their honeymoon suite. "Now don't forget, Harry, you promised me a big
surprise," smiled the bride.
	Unable to say a word, Harry turned out the lights, unstrapped his
leg, slipped into bed, and placed his wife's hand on the stump.
	"Hmmmmm," she said softly, "that IS a surprise. But pass me the
Vaseline and I'll see what I can do!"


God is not dead!  He's alive and autographing bibles at Cody's.


There is one way to find out if a man is honest -- ask him.  If he says
"Yes" you know he is crooked.
		-- Groucho Marx


Who cares if it doesn't do anything?  It was made with
our new Triple-Iso-Bifurcated-Krypton-Gate-MOS process...


If they can make penicillin out of moldy bread, they can sure make
something out of you.
		-- Muhammad Ali


Everything journalists write is true, except when they write about
something you know.
		-- Dag-Erling Smorgrav,
		   June 1999, FreeBSD-Stable Mailing List


Basic is a high level languish.
APL is a high level anguish.


