TRUST ME:
	Translation of the Latin "caveat emptor."


Best Beer: A panel of tasters assembled by the Consumer's Union in 1969
judged Coors and Miller's High Life to be among the very best. Those who
doubt that beer is a serious subject might ponder its effect on American
history. For example, New England's first colonists decided to drop anchor
at Plymouth Rock instead of continuing on to Virginia because, as one of
them put it, "We could not now take time for further consideration, our
victuals being spent and especially our beer."
		-- Felton & Fowler's Best, Worst & Most Unusual


Hanlon's Razor:
	Never attribute to malice
	that which is adequately explained by stupidity.


Since everything in life is but an experience perfect in being what it is,
having nothing to do with good or bad, acceptance or rejection, one may well
burst out in laughter.
		-- Long Chen Pa


All who joy would win Must share it --
Happiness was born a twin.
		-- Lord Byron


Vidi, vici, veni.
(I saw, I conquered, I came.)


Q:	How does a hacker fix a function which
	doesn't work for all of the elements in its domain?
A:	He changes the domain.


Stalin was dying, and summoned Khruschev to his bedside.  Wheezing his last
words with difficulty, Stalin tells Khruschev, "The reins of the country are
now in your hands.  But before I go, I want to give you some advice."
	"Yes, yes, what is it?" says Khruschev, impatiently.  Reaching under
his pillow, Stalin produced two envelopes labeled #1 and #2.
	"Take these letters," he tells Khruschev. "Keep them safely -- don't
open them.  Only if the country is in turmoil and things aren't going well,
open the first one.  That'll give you some advice on what to do.  And, if
after that, if things start getting REALLY bad, open the second one."  And
with a gasp Stalin breathed his last.
	Well, within a few years Khruschev started having problems --
unemployment increased, crops failed, people became restless.  He decided it
was time to open the first letter.  All it said was: "Blame everything on me!"
So Khruschev launched a massive deStalinization campaign, and blamed Stalin
for all the excesses and purges and ills of the present system.
	But things continued on the downslide, and, finally, after much
deliberation, Khruschev opened the second letter.
	All it said was: "Write two letters."


Love means nothing to a tennis player.


There is no bad taste.  There is only good taste, and that is bad.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Grownups are reluctant to take science fiction seriously, and with good
reason: sci-fi is a hormonal activity, not a literary one.  Its traditional
concerns are all pubescent.  Secondary sexual characteristics are everywhere,
disguised.  Aliens have tentacles.  Telepathy allows you to have sex without
any nasty inconvenience of touching.  Womblike spaceships provide balanced
meals.  No one ever has to grow old -- body parts are replaceable, like
Job's daughters, and if you're lucky you can become a robot.  As for the
adult world, it's simply not there; political systems tend to be naively
authoritarian (there are more lords in science fiction than on public
television) and are often ruled by young boys on quests.  The most popular
sci-fi book in years, Frank Herbert's Dune, sold millions of copies by
combining all these themes: it ends with its adolescent hero conquering the
universe while straddling a giant worm.
		-- Arnold Klein


Savage's Law of Expediency:
	You want it bad, you'll get it bad.


She often gave herself very good advice
(though she very seldom followed it).
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


	"Do you think there's a God?"
	"Well, SOMEbody's out to get me!"
		-- Calvin and Hobbs


Gimme that old bisexuality,
Gimme that old bisexuality,
Gimme that old bisexuality,
'Cause it's good enough for me!

It was good for David Bowie,
It was good for David Bowie,
It was good for David Bowie,
And it's good enough for me!


Kington's Law of Perforation:
	If a straight line of holes is made in a piece of paper, such
	as a sheet of stamps or a check, that line becomes the strongest
	part of the paper.


Sushi, n.:
	When that-which-may-still-be-alive is put on top of rice and
	strapped on with electrical tape.


Soap and education are not as sudden as a
massacre, but they are more deadly in the long run.
		-- Mark Twain


People usually get what's coming to them -- unless it's been mailed.


Join in the new game that's sweeping the country.  It's called "Bureaucracy".
Everybody stands in a circle.  The first person to do anything loses.


Not every problem someone has with his girlfriend is necessarily due to
the capitalist mode of production.
		-- Herbert Marcuse


Money may not buy happiness, but it sure
puts you in a great bargaining position.


	I disapprove of the F-word, not because it's dirty, but because we
use it as a substitute for thoughtful insults, and it frequently leads to
violence.  What we ought to do, when we anger each other, say, in traffic,
is exchange phone numbers, so that later on, when we've had time to think
of witty and learned insults or look them up in the library, we could call
each other up:
     You: Hello?  Bob?
     Bob: Yes?
     You: This is Ed.  Remember?  The person whose parking space you
	  took last Thursday?  Outside of Sears?
     Bob: Oh yes!  Sure!  How are you, Ed?
     You: Fine, thanks.  Listen, Bob, the reason I'm calling is:
	  "Madam, you may be drunk, but I am ugly, and ..."  No, wait.
	  I mean:  "you may be ugly, but I am Winston Churchill
	  and ..."  No, wait.  (Sound of reference book thudding onto
	  the floor.)  S-word.  Excuse me.  Look, Bob, I'm going to
	  have to get back to you.
     Bob: Fine.
		-- Dave Barry, "$#$%#^%!^%&@%@!"


Almost anything derogatory you could say
about today's software design would be accurate.
		-- K. E. Iverson


I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person.


Masturbation, n.:
	A self-service elevator.


	I said, "Preacher, give me strength for round 5."
	He said, "What you need is to grow up, son."
	I said, "Growin' up leads to growin' old, And then to dying, and
to me that don't sound like much fun.
		-- John Cougar, "The Authority Song"


Q:	What's the difference between "Oooh" and "Aaah"?
A:	About three inches.


Error in operator: add beer


Man is the only animal that blushes -- or needs to.
		-- Mark Twain


Did you hear about the nearsighted fetishist who got off on the wrong foot?


Fine day to work off excess energy.  Steal something heavy.


Prostitution is the only business where you can go into the hole and
still come out ahead.


If God had wanted us to use the metric system, Jesus would have had
only ten apostles.


QOTD:
	"What I like most about myself is that I'm so understanding
	when I mess things up."


A vasectomy means never having to say you're sorry.


Before I knew the best part of my life had come, it had gone.


One day Father O'Malley was walking through the park when he came upon an
enchanting scene.  A beautiful little girl with long blond hair, deep blue
eyes, and a dainty white dress was reading under a tree with her adorable
little dog.
	What a lovely picture, thought the Father to himself.  Walking over,
he asked, "Child, what is your name?"
	"Blossom," she replied.
	"What a fitting name," exclaimed Father O'Malley.  "And how did your
parents come to choose such a pretty name?"
	"Well, one day when I was still in my mommy's tummy she was lying
under this very tree when a blossom fell and landed on her stomach.  She
thought it was a message from God and decided that I would be a girl and my
name would be Blossom," explained the little girl sweetly.
	How charming, thought the priest.  He started to say good-bye and
walk away, then turned back.  "And the name of your little dog?" he
inquired.
	"Porky," was the child's reply.
	Again he asked her how the unusual name had been chosen.
	"Because he likes to fuck pigs."


Welcome to Utah.
If you think our liquor laws are funny, you should see our underwear!


Natural laws have no pity.


If you think the pen is mightier than the sword, the next time
someone pulls out a sword I'd like to see you get up there with
your Bic.


Woke up this mornin' an' I had myself a beer,
Yeah, Ah woke up this mornin' an' I had myself a beer
The future's uncertain and the end is always near.
		-- Jim Morrison, "Roadhouse Blues"


I truly wish I could be a great surgeon or philosopher or author or anything
constructive, but in all honesty I'd rather turn up my amplifier full blast
and drown myself in the noise.
		-- Charles Schmid, the "Tucson Murderer"


It may be that your whole purpose in life
is simply to serve as a warning to others.


PURITAN:
	Someone who is deathly afraid that
	someone, somewhere, is having fun.


If I had only known, I would have been a locksmith.
		-- Albert Einstein


Our informal mission is to improve the love life of operators worldwide.
		-- Peter Behrendt, president of Exabyte


Live never to be ashamed if anything you do or say is
published around the world -- even if what is published is not true.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


I do not remember ever having seen a sustained argument by an author which,
starting from philosophical premises likely to meet with general acceptance,
reached the conclusion that a praiseworthy ordering of one's life is to
devote it to research in mathematics.
		-- Sir Edmund Whittaker, "Scientific American", Vol. 183


It's not enough to be Hungarian; you must have talent too.
		-- Alexander Korda


Television is now so desperately hungry for material
that it is scraping the top of the barrel.
		-- Gore Vidal


The new priest was so nervous about performing his first mass that he could
hardly speak.  He asked his Monsignor how he could relax.  The Monsignor
replied that it might help relax him to add just a bit of vodka to the water
pitcher.  The next Sunday, after following the Monsignor's advice, the priest
returned to the rectory to find a note from that worthy.

	1. Next time sip rather than gulp.
	2. There are ten commandments, not 12.
	3. There are 12 disciples, not 10.
	4. We do not refer to the cross as the "Big T".
	5. The recommended grace before meals is not,
		"Rub-a-dub-dub, thanks for the grub, Yaaaay, God!"
	6. Do not refer to our Saviour, Jesus Christ, and his
		Apostles as "J.C. and the Boys".
	7. David slew Goliath, he did not kick the shit out of him.
	8. The Father, Son, and the Holy Ghost are never referred
		to as, "Big Daddy, Junior, and the Spook".
	9. It is always the Virgin Mary, never The Mary with the Cherry.
	10. Last, but not least, next Wednesday there will be a
		Taffy-Pulling Contest at St.Peter's, not a Peter-Pulling
		Contest at St. Taffy's.


Well, anyway, I was reading this James Bond book, and right away I realized
that like most books, it had too many words.  The plot was the same one that
all James Bond books have: An evil person tries to blow up the world, but
James Bond kills him and his henchmen and makes love to several attractive
women.  There, that's it: 24 words.  But the guy who wrote the book took
*thousands* of words to say it.
	Or consider "The Brothers Karamazov", by the famous Russian alcoholic
Fyodor Dostoyevsky.  It's about these two brothers who kill their father.
Or maybe only one of them kills the father.  It's impossible to tell because
what they mostly do is talk for nearly a thousand pages.  If all Russians talk
as much as the Karamazovs did, I don't see how they found time to become a
major world power.
	I'm told that Dostoyevsky wrote "The Brothers Karamazov" to raise
the question of whether there is a God.  So why didn't he just come right
out and say: "Is there a God? It sure beats the heck out of me."
	Other famous works could easily have been summarized in a few words:

* "Moby Dick" -- Don't mess around with large whales because they symbolize
  nature and will kill you.
* "A Tale of Two Cities" -- French people are crazy.
		-- Dave Barry


Prope mare erat tubulator
Qui virginem ingrediebatur.
	Dessine ingressus
	Audivi progressus:
Est mihi inquit tubulator.


It takes a smart husband to have the last word and not use it.


No matter how celebrated the beauty of a woman, I would never spend a night
with her.  The only celebrity with whom I would share a night is Max Planck.
But he is dead.  So I live like a monk, aside from a little self gratification
in the afternoons.
		-- Salvador Dali


USENET would be a better laboratory is there were
more labor and less oratory.
		-- Elizabeth Haley


The herd instinct among economists
makes sheep look like independent thinkers.


I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.
I want to achieve immortality through not dying.
		-- Woody Allen


It matters not whether you win or lose; what matters is whether *I* win
or lose.
		-- Darrin Weinberg


Vila:	"I think I have just made the biggest mistake of my life."
Orac:	"It is unlikely.  I would predict there are far greater mistakes
	waiting to be made by someone with your obvious talent for it."


Worst Month of the Year:
	February.  February has only 28 days in it, which means that if
	you rent an apartment, you are paying for three full days you
	don't get.  Try to avoid Februarys whenever possible.
		-- Steve Rubenstein


It was Penguin lust... at its ugliest.


Will Rogers never met you.


Old McDonald had a farm,
E-I-E-I-O!
And on this farm he had some chicks,
E-I-E-I-O!
With a chick-chick here,
And a chick-chick there,
Here a chick,
There a chick,
Everywhere a chick-chick,
Old McDonald lost his farm
'Cause he had too many chicks!


There's a man deeply in debt, see, and he takes the money he has left
and goes to Monte Carlo to try to recoup at the roulette tables.  Won a
little, lost a lot, and was down to his last franc.  Prayed for help.
A voice whispered in his ear: "Le rouge..."  Man looked around; nobody
there.  What the hell -- he puts his last franc on the red, and it won.
The voice immediately said, "Encore le rouge..."  Played red again, and
it won again.  The voice said, "Impair..."  Played odd, and it won.  Voice
said, "Quinze..." so he put all the money on 15, and it won.  This went
on for hours, the voice telling him what to bet, and the man putting all
his money on what the voice said, and winning.  Finally when the voice
spoke, the man protested that he'd won millions of dollars and wanted to
quit.  The voice was inexorable: "Douze..."  The man put the money on 12,
and 11 came up -- he had lost everything -- the voice murmured "Merde!!"


Prince Absalom lay with his sister
And bundled and nibbled and kissed her,
	But the kid was so tight,
	And it was deep night --
Though he shot at the target, he missed her.


Man has made his bedlam; let him lie in it.
		-- Fred Allen


Custer committed Siouxicide.


Laws of Serendipity:

	(1) In order to discover anything, you must be looking for
	    something.
	(2) If you wish to make an improved product, you must already
	    be engaged in making an inferior one.


It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli


Encyclopedia for sale by father.
Son knows everything.


A man without a woman is like a statue without pigeons.


Math is to physics like masturbation is to sex.


Show me a good loser in professional sports and I'll show you an idiot.
Show me a good sportsman and I'll show you a player I'm looking to trade.
		-- Leo Durocher


Q:	What is orange and goes "click, click?"
A:	A ball point carrot.


We're all looking for a woman who can sit in a mini-skirt and talk
philosophy, executing both with confidence and style.


	"Darling", said the young bride, "tell me what's bothering you.
We promised to share all our joys and sorrows, remember?"
	"But this is different," protested her husband.
	"Together, darling," she insisted, "we will bear the burden.
Now tell me what our problem is."
	"Well," said the husband, "we've just become the father of a
bastard child."


The first rule of intelligent tinkering is to save all the parts.
		-- Paul Erlich


This fortune is dedicated to your mother, without whose
invaluable assistance last night would never have been possible.


when i die, i'd like to go peacefully.
in my sleep.
like my grandfather.

not screaming,
like the passengers in his car...


And if you wonder,
What I am doing,
As I am heading for the sink.
I am spitting out all the bitterness,
Along with half of my last drink.


Bistromathics is simply a revolutionary new way of understanding the
behavior of numbers.  Just as Einstein observed that space was not an
absolute, but depended on the observer's movement in space, and that
time was not an absolute, but depended on the observer's movement in
time, so it is now realized that numbers are not absolute, but depend
on the observer's movement in restaurants.
		-- Douglas Adams, "Life, The Universe and Everything"


Captain's Log, star date 21:34.5...


It's not a sin not to be Irish, but it is a great shame.
		-- Sean O'Huiginn


Editing is a rewording activity.


E.T. GO HOME!!!  (And take your Smurfs with you.)


A mother mouse was taking her large brood for a stroll across the kitchen
floor one day when the local cat, by a feat of stealth unusual even for
its species, managed to trap them in a corner.  The children cowered,
terrified by this fearsome beast, plaintively crying, "Help, Mother!
Save us!  Save us!  We're scared, Mother!"
	Mother Mouse, with the hopeless valor of a parent protecting its
children, turned with her teeth bared to the cat, towering huge above them,
and suddenly began to bark in a fashion that would have done any Doberman
proud.  The startled cat fled in fear for its life.
	As her grateful offspring flocked around her shouting "Oh, Mother,
you saved us!" and "Yay!  You scared the cat away!" she turned to them
purposefully and declared, "You see how useful it is to know a second
language?"


Disco is to music what Etch-A-Sketch is to art.


Sure, Reagan has promised to take senility tests.  But what if he
forgets?


A.I. hackers do it with robots.


There was a boy called Eustace Clarence Scrubb, and he almost deserved it.
		-- C. S. Lewis, "The Chronicles of Narnia"


BOO!  We changed Coke again!  BLEAH!  BLEAH!


What will you do if all your problems aren't solved by the time you die?


Bilbo's First Law:
	You cannot count friends that are all packed up in barrels.


Masturbation, n.:
	Coming unscrewed.


And on the eighth day, we bulldozed it.


QOTD:
	"I opened Pandora's box, let the cat out of the bag and put the
	ball in their court."
		-- Hon. J. Hacker (The Ministry of Administrative Affairs)


History is nothing but a collection of fables and useless trifles,
cluttered up with a mass of unnecessary figures and proper names.
		-- Leo Tolstoy


Our staff proctologist, Dr. Barr,
Has invented a new kind of car.
	With a tank full of shit
	There's no stopping it --
For short trips, two poots take you far.


Good night to spend with family, but avoid arguments with your mate's
new lover.


Two old men are walking down the boardwalk when one of them tells the other
that he has to leave, his wife is expecting him to come home and make love
with her.
	The other man is astonished.  "Make love to your wife?  You're as old
as I am!  Nearly eighty years old!  What do you mean you have to go home and
make love to your wife?"
	The first man smiles and says, "We have a *great* sex life.  We make
love every day."
	"You're kidding!" says his friend.  "How do you do it?"
	"Pumpernickel bread.  That's the secret."  And he dashes off home.
	The other man starts to walk home.  "Hmmm," he thinks to himself
pumpernickel bread.  Well, it's worth a try."  So he goes into a nearby
bakery.
	Going up to the woman at the counter, he asks for their entire stock
of pumpernickel bread.  The woman stares at him in astonishment.  "You want
all the pumpernickel bread we have?  Are you sure?  Don't you know that it
will get hard?"
	"How come," demands the man, "everybody knows about this but me?"


Three gay guys were discussing what they thought their favorite sport would
be.  The first decides on football, 'cause of all those gorgeous guys bending
over in their tight pants.
	"Definitely wrestling," sighs the second guy.  "Those skimpy little
costumes, and think of the holds."
	"Definitely baseball," says the third guy.  "Why?  Well, I'd be
pitching with the bases loaded, the batter would hit a savage one-hopper
right to me, I'd catch it, and I'd just stand there while the other guys
rounded the bases.  Meanwhile, the crowd would be going crazy, screaming,
`Throw the ball, you cocksucker!' and that's what I like -- recognition!"


Faith has never moved as much as a pin-head from the place it
ought to be according to tradition and the scriptures.  It is
the doubt that moved all the mountains.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


A lover without indiscretion is no lover at all.
		-- Thomas Hardy


When ev'rybody's tryin' to sleep,
I'm somewhere makin' my midnight creep.		Chorus:
In the mornin' the rooster crow,	I am a back door man,
Somethin' tells me I got to go.		I am a back door man,
					Well, the men don't know,
They take me to the doctor,		But the little girls understand.
	shot full of holes,
Nurse try to save a soul.
Killed her for murder first degree,
Judge what tried let the man go free.

Stand up, cop's wife cried, don't take him down,
Rather be dead six feet in the ground.
When you come home, you can eat pork and beans,
I eats more chicken than any man's seen.
		-- Willie Dixon, "Backdoor Man" (1961)


The reason that sex is so popular is that it's centrally located.


The father, passing through his son's college town late one evening on a
business trip, thought he would pay his boy a surprise visit.  Arriving at the
lad's fraternity house, dad rapped loudly on the door.  After several minutes
of knocking, a sleepy voice drifted down from a second-floor window,
	"Whaddaya want?"
	"Does Ramsey Duncan live here?" asked the father.
	"Yeah," replied the voice.  "Dump him on the front porch."


Call on God, but row away from the rocks.
		-- Indian proverb


It is fruitless:
	to become lachrymose over precipitately departed lactate fluid.

	to attempt to indoctrinate a superannuated canine with
		innovative maneuvers.


The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice
and tragedy.  What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the
master calls a butterfly.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


When he got in trouble in the ring, [Ali] imagined a door swung open and
inside he could see neon, orange, and green lights blinking, and bats
blowing trumpets and alligators blowing trombones, and he could hear snakes
screaming.  Weird masks and actors' clothes hung on the wall, and if he
stepped across the sill and reached for them, he knew that he was committing
himself to destruction.
		-- George Plimpton


I would have you imagine, then, that there exists in the mind of man a block
of wax...  and that we remember and know what is imprinted as long as the
image lasts; but when the image is effaced, or cannot be taken, then we
forget or do not know.
		-- Plato, Dialogs, Theateus 191

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to image activation and termination.]


Whatever you want to do, you have to do something else first.


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #18 -- C-

	This language was named for the grade received by its creator when
he submitted it as a class project in a graduate programming class.  C- is
best described as a "low-level" programming language.  In fact, the language
generally requires more C- statements than machine-code statements to execute
a given task.  In this respect, it is very similar to COBOL.


If wishes were horses, then beggars would be thieves.


A Tale of Two Cities LITE(tm)
	-- by Charles Dickens

	A lawyer who looks like a French Nobleman is executed in his place.

The Metamorphosis LITE(tm)
	-- by Franz Kafka

	A man turns into a bug and his family gets annoyed.

Lord of the Rings LITE(tm)
	-- by J. R. R. Tolkien

	Some guys take a long vacation to throw a ring into a volcano.

Hamlet LITE(tm)
	-- by William Shakespeare

	A college student on vacation with family problems, a screwy
	girl-friend and a mother who won't act her age.


Be cautious in your daily affairs.


There is a 20% chance of tomorrow.


... the privileged being which we call human is distinguished from
other animals only by certain double-edged manifestations which in
charity we can only call "inhuman."
		-- R. A. Lafferty


Democracy means simply the bludgeoning of the people by the people for
the people.
		-- Oscar Wilde


The only really good place to buy lumber is at a store where the lumber
has already been cut and attached together in the form of furniture,
finished, and put inside boxes.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


The Commandments of the EE:

1:	Beware of lightning that lurketh in an uncharged condenser
	lest it cause thee to bounce upon thy buttocks in a most
	embarrassing manner.
2:	Cause thou the switch that supplieth large quantities of juice to
	be opened and thusly tagged, that thy days may be long in this
	earthly vale of tears.
3:	Prove to thyself that all circuits that radiateth, and upon
	which the worketh, are grounded and thusly tagged lest they lift
	thee to a radio frequency potential and causeth thee to make like
	a radiator too.
4:	Tarry thou not amongst these fools that engage in intentional
	shocks for they are not long for this world and are surely
	unbelievers.


Law of the Yukon:
	Only the lead dog gets a change of scenery.


Dear Miss Manners:
I carry a big black umbrella, even if there's just a thirty percent chance of
rain.  May I ask a young lady who is a stranger to me to share its protection?
This morning, I was waiting for a bus in comparative comfort, my umbrella
protecting me from the downpour, and noticed an attractive young woman getting
soaked.  I have often seen her at my bus stop, although we have never spoken,
and I don't even know her name.  Could I have asked her to get under my
umbrella without seeming insulting?

Gentle Reader:
Certainly.  Consideration for those less fortunate than you is always proper,
although it would be more convincing if you stopped babbling about how
attractive she is.  In order not to give Good Samaritanism a bad name, Miss
Manners asks you to allow her two or three rainy days of unmolested protection
before making your attack.


Boy, I sure wish that I could be in the
'Advanced Systems Development' group!


	"Hmm, lots of people seem to be confused about the difference
between amd64 and ia64."
	"Obviously they've never had an ia64 drop on their foot.  They'd
know the difference then."
		-- Peter Wemm explains CPU architecture


TRUST ME:
	Translation of the Latin "caveat emptor."


Good judgment comes from experience.
Experience comes from bad judgment.
		-- Jim Horning


Why can't you be a non-conformist like everyone else?


Rudin's Law:
	If there is a wrong way to do something, most people will
	do it every time.

Rudin's Second Law:
	In a crisis that forces a choice to be made among alternative
	courses of action, people tend to choose the worst possible
	course.


Man 1:	Ask me.  "What is the most important thing about telling a good
	joke?"

Man 2:	OK, what is the most impo --

Man 1:	_T_I_M_I_N_G!


External Security:


The typewriting machine, when played with expression, is no more
annoying than the piano when played by a sister or near relation.
		-- Oscar Wilde


					MOUNTIES:
I'm a lumberjack and I'm OK,		He's a lumberjack and he's OK,
I sleep all night and I work all day.	He sleeps all night and he works
					all day.

I cut down trees, I eat my lunch,	He cuts down trees, he eats his lunch,
I go to the lavatory.			He goes to the lavatory.
On Wednesday I go shopping,		On Wednesday he goes shopping,
And have buttered scones for tea.	And has buttered scones for tea.

I cut down trees, I skip and jump,	He cuts down trees, he skips and jumps,
I like to press wild flowers,		He likes to press wild flowers.
I put on women's clothing,		He puts on women's clothing,
And hang around in bars.		And hangs around in bars.

I cut down trees, I wear high heels,	He cuts down trees, he wears high heels,
Suspenders and a bra.			Suspenders?  and a bra?
I wish I'd been a girlie,		That's rude...
Just like my dear Pappa.


A Scotsman clad in kilts left a bar one evening fair.
One could tell by how he walked, he'd drunk more than his share.
He staggered on until he could no longer keep his feet.
So he stumbled off into the grass to sleep beside the street.

Later on two young and lovely girls just happened by.
One says to the other, with a twinkle in her eye.
"See yon sleeping Scotsman so young and handsome built?"
"I wonder if it's true what they don't wear beneath their kilts?"

They stepped up to the Scotsman, so young and fancy free.
They lifted up his kilt above the waist so they could see.
And there behold for them the view beneath his Scottish skirt,
Was nothing more than God had graced him with upon his birth.

They marveled for a moment, then one said, "Best be gone."
"Let's leave a present for our friend before we move along."
As a gift they left a blue ribbon tied into a bow,
Around the bonny star of the Scot's kilt lifting show.

The Scot awoke to nature's call and stumbled to the trees.
Behind a bush he lifts his kilt and gawks at what he sees.
Then in a startled voice he says to what's before his eyes,
"Och, lad I dinna know whar' ya been, but I see ya won first prize."
		-- Mike Cross, "The Scotsman"


Non Illegitemus Carborundum.
	[Don't let the bastards wear you down.]


				FROM THE DESK OF
				Rapunzel

Dear Prince:

	Use ladder tonight --
	you're splitting my ends.


One of the large consolations for experiencing anything
unpleasant is the knowledge that one can communicate it.
		-- Joyce Carol Oates


	A woman was married to a golfer.  One day she asked, "If I were
to die, would you remarry?"
	After some thought, the man replied, "Yes, I've been very happy in
this marriage and I would want to be this happy again."
	The wife asked, "Would you give your new wife my car?"
	"Yes," he replied.  "That's a good car and it runs well."
	"Well, would you live in this house?"
	"Yes, it is a lovely house and you have decorated it beautifully.
I've always loved it here."
	"Well, would you give her my golf clubs?"
	"No."
	"Why not?"
	"She's left handed."


QOTD:
	"I tried buying a goat instead of a lawn tractor; had to return
	it though.  Couldn't figure out a way to connect the snow blower."


The sun was shining brightly		The breeze was blowing briskly,
And I could hardly wait,		It made the flowers sway,
To ponder at my window			The garden was enchanting
And gaze at my estate.			On this inspiring day.

My eyes fell on a little bird,		I smiled at him cheerfully
With a beautiful yellow bill,		And gave him a crust of bread,
I beckoned him to come and light	And then I closed the window
Upon my window sill.			And smashed his fucking head.
		-- "Good Morning", Debbie Smith


Fidelity, n.:
	A virtue peculiar to those who are about to be betrayed.


When the revolution comes, count your change.


If we can ever make red tape nutritional, we can feed the world.
		-- R. Schaeberle, "Management Accounting"


Everything takes longer, costs more, and is less useful.
		-- Erwin Tomash


Class, that's the only thing that counts in life.  Class.
Without class and style, a man's a bum; he might as well be dead.
		-- "Bugsy" Siegel


Many a man in love with a dimple makes the mistake of marrying the
whole girl.
		-- Stephen Leacock


Let he who takes the plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.


A Texan, impressing the hell out of a Bostonian with tales about the heroes
of the Alamo, commented, "I'll bet you never had anyone that brave around
*Boston*."
	"Ever hear of Paul Revere?", snarled the Bostonian.
	"Paul Revere?", pondered the Texan.  "Isn't he the guy who ran for
help?"


A door is what a dog is perpetually on the wrong side of.
		-- Ogden Nash


When it comes to helping you, some people stop at nothing.


