Q:	What's black and white and red all over and can't go through
	revolving doors?
A:	A nun with a javelin through her head.


	The salesman and the system analyst took off to spend a weekend in the
forest, hunting bear.  They'd rented a cabin, and, when they got there, took
their backpacks off and put them inside.  At which point the salesman turned
to his friend, and said, "You unpack while I go and find us a bear."
	Puzzled, the analyst finished unpacking and then went and sat down
on the porch.  Soon he could hear rustling noises in the forest.  The noises
got nearer -- and louder -- and suddenly there was the salesman, running like
hell across the clearing toward the cabin, pursued by one of the largest and
most ferocious grizzly bears the analyst had ever seen.
	"Open the door!", screamed the salesman.
	The analyst whipped open the door, and the salesman ran to the door,
suddenly stopped, and stepped aside.  The bear, unable to stop, continued
through the door and into the cabin.  The salesman slammed the door closed
and grinned at his friend.  "Got him!", he exclaimed, "now, you skin this
one and I'll go rustle us up another!"


Q:	How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	NONE!  AND THAT'S NOT FUNNY!!

Q:	How many Radcliffe girls does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	It's "Women"...  AND IT'S NOT FUNNY!!


LOVE:
	When, if asked to choose between your lover
	and happiness, you'd skip happiness in a heartbeat.


COBOL:
	Completely Over and Beyond reason Or Logic.


Ninety percent of the time things turn out worse than you thought they would.
The other ten percent of the time you had no right to expect that much.
		-- Augustine


	It is always preferable to visit home with a friend.  Your parents will
not be pleased with this plan, because they want you all to themselves and
because in the presence of your friend, they will have to act like mature
human beings.
	The worst kind of friend to take home is a girl, because in that case,
there is the potential that your parents will lose you not just for the
duration of the visit but forever.  The worst kind of girl to take home is one
of a different religion:  Not only will you be lost to your parents forever but
you will be lost to a woman who is immune to their religious/moral arguments
and whose example will irretrievably corrupt you.
	Let's say you've fallen in love with just such a girl and would like
to take her home for the holidays.  You are aware of your parents' xenophobic
response to anyone of a different religion.  How to prepare them for the shock?
	Simple.  Call them up shortly before your visit and tell them that you
have gotten quite serious about somebody who is of a different religion, a
different race and the same sex.  Tell them you have already invited this
person to meet them.  Give the information a moment to sink in and then
remark that you were only kidding, that your lover is merely of a different
religion.  They will be so relieved they will welcome her with open arms.
		-- Playboy, January, 1983


Q:	What do you call a blind, deaf-mute, quadriplegic Virginian?
A:	Trustworthy.


The lovely woman-child Kaa was mercilessly chained to the cruel post of
the warrior-chief Beast, with his barbarian tribe now stacking wood at
her nubile feet, when the strong clear voice of the poetic and heroic
Handsomas roared, "Flick your Bic, crisp that chick, and you'll feel my
steel through your last meal!"
		-- Winning sentence, 1984 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest


There's more than one way to skin a cat:
	#33 -- A bicycle pump.


Be cautious in your daily affairs.


Absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases
great ones, as the wind blows out candles and fans fires.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


In West Union, Ohio, No married man can go flying without his spouse
along at any time, unless he has been married for more than 12 months.


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"After three days without programming, life becomes meaningless."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


A language that doesn't have everything is
actually easier to program in than some that do.
		-- Dennis M. Ritchie


Theorem: All programs are dull.

Proof: Assume the contrary; i.e., the set of interesting programs is
nonempty.  Arrange them (or it) in order of interest (note that all
sets can be well ordered, so do it properly).  The minimal element is
the "least interesting program", the obvious dullness of which provides
the contradictory denouement we so devoutly seek.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


FEAR:
	What you feel when you see a U-Haul with Texas license plates.


All's well that ends.


ARIES (Mar.21 - Apr.19)
	You are a wonderfully interesting, honest, hard-working person
	and you should make many new friends, but you won't because you've
	got a mean streak in you a mile wide.


The real trouble with reality is that there's no background music.


When the salesman's car broke down, he walked to the nearest farmhouse to ask
if he could stay the night.  The farmer agreed to put him up.  "I live alone,"
he continued, "you can have the bedroom at the top of the stairs, to the
right."
	"Oh, never mind," the disappointed salesman said. "I think I'm in
the wrong joke."


Share and enjoy, share and enjoy.
Journey through life with a plastic boy or girl by your side.
Let your pal be your guide.
And when it breaks down or starts to annoy,
	or grinds when it moves and gives you no joy,
	'cause it digs up your hat,
	or has sex with your cat,
	sprays oil on your wall or rips off your door,
	and you get to the point you can't stand any more.
Bring it to us, we won't give a shit.
We'll tell you: "Go stick your head in a pig".


The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
		-- Mark Twain


APPENDIX:
	A portion of a book, for which nobody yet has discovered any use.


Cinderella 10:
	A woman who sucks and fucks 'til midnight and
	then turns into a pizza and a six-pack.


Confidence is the feeling you have before you understand the situation.


Q:	How do you tell if you're making love to a nurse, a schoolteacher,
	or an airline stewardess?
A:	A nurse says: "This won't hurt a bit."
	A schoolteacher says: "We're just going to have to do this over
	and over again until we get it right."
	An airline stewardess says: "Hold this over your mouth and
	nose, and breathe normally."

... and bank tellers say "Substantial penalty for early withdrawal."
... and saleswomen say "Thank you, come again soon!"
... and WASPs say "Do you have that in a bigger size?"
... and piano teachers say "Keep those fingers arched! TEMPO! TEMPO!"


	Elroy stared at Barb and then leaned quietly over to Shake Tiller
and stuck out his hand.  "Son," he said.  "Tell the truth.  It ain't better
than fried chicken, is it?"
	Shake looked solemnly at Elroy, clasping his hand, and said:
	"I got to be dead honest, Roy."
	And Elroy said yeah, lay it on him.
	Shake said slowly, "For a Lesbian who gave up the only real love she
ever knew -- Sister Francis at Our Lady of Victory -- and for a person who
can't make it any more with nothing but an electric toothbrush, she's the
finest I've ever had."
		-- Dan Jenkins, "Semi-Tough"


When better women are made, computer programmers will make them.


QOTD:
	"I won't say he's unsavory, but for his birthday he bought himself
	a pair of velcro gloves."


Behold the unborn fetus and
	Weep salt tears crocodilian;
All life is sacred (save, of course,
	An enemy civilian).


It is better to kiss an avocado than to get in a fight with an aardvark.


At work, the authority of a person is inversely proportional to the
number of pens that person is carrying.


MONOTONY:
	Marriage to one woman at a time.


When a woman gives me a present I have always two surprises:
first is the present, and afterward, having to pay for it.
		-- Donnay


Bumper sticker:
	All the parts falling off this car are
	of the very finest British manufacture.


Hear about...
	the nymphomaniac teenager popularly known as Little Often Annie?


CONSULTATION:
	Medical term meaning "to share the wealth."


Why, when no honest man will deny in private that every ultimate problem is
wrapped in the profoundest mystery, do honest men proclaim in pulpits that
unhesitating certainty is the duty of the most foolish and ignorant?  Is it
not a spectacle to make the angels laugh?  We are a company of ignorant
beings, feeling our way through mists and darkness, learning only be
incessantly repeated blunders, obtaining a glimmering of truth by falling
into every conceivable error, dimly discerning light enough for our daily
needs, but hopelessly differing whenever we attempt to describe the ultimate
origin or end of our paths; and yet, when one of us ventures to declare that
we don't know the map of the universe as well as the map of our infinitesimal
parish, he is hooted, reviled, and perhaps told that he will be damned to all
eternity for his faithlessness.
		-- Leslie Stephen, "An Agnostic's Apology",
		   Fortnightly Review, 1876


I use not only all the brains I have, but all those I can borrow as well.
		-- Woodrow Wilson


My sister opened a computer store in Hawaii.
She sells C shells by the seashore.


Fuck'em if they can't take a joke!


Reformed, n.:
	A synagogue that closes for the Jewish holidays.


LIFE:
	A whim of several billion cells to be you for a while.


LIVING YOUR LIFE:
	A task so difficult, it has never been attempted before.


Ass, grass or gas... nobody rides for free!


The best way to get rid of worries is to let them die of neglect.


Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.


He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes.


I brake for chezlogs!


When God created man, She was only testing.


"My code is elegant", "Your code is sneaky", "His code is an ugly hack"
		-- Colin Percival on irregular verbs


It doesn't matter whether you win or lose -- until you lose.


Fortunately, the responsibility for providing evidence is on the part of
the person making the claim, not the critic.  It is not the responsibility
of UFO skeptics to prove that a UFO has never existed, nor is it the
responsibility of paranormal-health-claims skeptics to prove that crystals
or colored lights never healed anyone.  The skeptic's role is to point out
claims that are not adequately supported by acceptable evidence and to
provide plausible alternative explanations that are more in keeping with
the accepted body of scientific evidence.
		-- Thomas L. Creed, The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. XII,
		   No. 2, pg. 215


Q:	What do you get when you cross a mobster with an international
	standard?
A:	You get someone who makes you an offer that you can't understand!


Put a pot of chili on the stove to simmer.
Let it simmer.  Meanwhile, broil a good steak.
Eat the steak.  Let the chili simmer.  Ignore it.
		-- Recipe for chili from Allan Shrivers, former governor
		   of Texas.


And the silence came surging softly backwards
When the plunging hooves were gone...
		-- Walter de La Mare, "The Listeners"


This week only, all our fiber-fill jackets are marked down!


Have a coke and a smile!
		-- John DeLorean


Don't read any sky-writing for the next two weeks.


Nasrudin called at a large house to collect for charity.  The servant said
"My master is out."  Nasrudin replied, "Tell your master that next time he
goes out, he should not leave his face at the window.  Someone might steal
it."


Steinbach's Guideline for Systems Programming:
	Never test for an error condition you don't know how to
handle.


QOTD:
	"Money isn't everything, but at least it keeps the kids in touch."


Pile driver, n.:
	Local drink; two parts vodka, one part prune juice.


Virtue would go far if vanity did not keep it company.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


VIRGO (Aug 23 - Sept 22)
	You are the logical type and hate disorder.  This nitpicking is
sickening to your friends.  You are cold and unemotional and sometimes
fall asleep while making love.  Virgos make good bus drivers.


There's such a thing as too much point on a pencil.
		-- H. Allen Smith, "Let the Crabgrass Grow"


A friend in need is a pest indeed.


In the long run, every program becomes rococo, and then rubble.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


Curiosity killed the cat, but satisfaction brought her back.


You will step on the night soil of many countries.


	It seems there were two young Marines walking down the street, and
they chanced upon a lady who was both very proper and very well endowed.
One of them said, "Wow! What tits!  Hey lady, would I love to snuggle up with
them for awhile.  What are you doing this afternoon?"
	Well, the other Marine thought that was just about the most shameful
thing he had ever witnessed, and felt that he had to restore the honor of the
Corps.  "Pardon my friend, Ma'am," he apologized, "He's not been very well
brought up and don't know how to talk to cunt."


If wishes were horses, then beggars would be thieves.


Many pages make a thick book.


Men use thought only to justify their wrong doings,
and speech only to conceal their thoughts.
		-- Voltaire


VIRGO (Aug.23 - Sept.22)
	Learn something new today, like how to spell or how to count
	to ten without using your fingers.  Be careful dressing this
	morning.  You may be hit by a car later in the day and you
	wouldn't want to be taken to the doctor's office in some of
	that old underwear you own.


You can get there from here, but why on earth would you want to?


Innovation is hard to schedule.
		-- Dan Fylstra


I thought there was something fishy about the butler.  Probably a Pisces,
working for scale.
		-- The Firesign Theatre,
		   "The Further Adventures of Nick Danger"


Art is a lie which makes us realize the truth.
		-- Picasso


Now hatred is by far the longest pleasure;
Men love in haste, but they detest at leisure.
		-- George Gordon, Lord Byron, "Don Juan"


	A man walks into a bar with a Leprechaun on his shoulder.  He walks
up to the bar and sits down, ordering a beer for himself and one for the
little Leprechaun.
	After a few beers, the Leprechaun jumps down off the guy's shoulder,
struts down the bar and comes to a stop in front of a rather large construction
worker.  Looking the guy right in the eye, he gives him a rather large, damp,
Bronx cheer.  And trots back to sit on his buddy's shoulder.  The worker is
pretty upset, but decides to shine on this rather offensive breach of manners.
	After another beer and a half though, the Leprechaun hops down and
walks over to his previous victim and goes "PPPPHHHHHHHBBBBTTTTTT" again.
Well, that's too much, and the victim knocks the Leprechaun off the bar and,
after walking over to stand very close to the Leprechaun's escort, tells him
in a rather overloud voice, that if it happens again, he's going to "cut off
his little dick!"
	Replies the escort, "Leprechauns don't have dicks."
	"Yeah?  Well, then," asks the big man, how does he take a piss?"
	"PPPPHHHHHHHBBBBTTTTTT!!!!"


SWEATER:
	A garment worn by a child when their mother feels chilly.


The tao that can be tar(1)ed
is not the entire Tao.
The path that can be specified
is not the Full Path.

We declare the names
of all variables and functions.
Yet the Tao has no type specifier.

Dynamically binding, you realize the magic.
Statically binding, you see only the hierarchy.

Yet magic and hierarchy
arise from the same source,
and this source has a null pointer.

Reference the NULL within NULL,
it is the gateway to all wizardry.


Stayed in bed all morning just to pass the time,
There's something wrong here, there can be no more denying,
One of us is changing, or maybe we just stopped trying,

And it's too late, baby, now, it's too late,
Though we really did try to make it,
Something inside has died and I can't hide and I just can't fake it...

It used to be so easy living here with you,
You were light and breezy and I knew just what to do
Now you look so unhappy and I feel like a fool.

There'll be good times again for me and you,
But we just can't stay together, don't you feel it too?
But I'm glad for what we had and that I once loved you...

But it's too late baby...
It's too late, now darling, it's too late...
		-- Carol King, "Tapestry"


Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them
pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.
		-- Winston Churchill


You can have a dog as a friend.  You can have whiskey as a friend.  But
if you have a woman as a friend, you're going to wind up drunk and kissing
your dog.
		-- foolin' around


Politics are almost as exciting as war, and quite as
dangerous.  In war, you can only be killed once.
		-- Winston Churchill


Even in the moment of our earliest kiss,
When sighed the straitened bud into the flower,
Sat the dry seed of most unwelcome this;
And that I knew, though not the day and hour.
Too season-wise am I, being country-bred,
To tilt at autumn or defy the frost:
Snuffing the chill even as my fathers did,
I say with them, "What's out tonight is lost."
I only hoped, with the mild hope of all
Who watch the leaf take shape upon the tree,
A fairer summer and a later fall
Than in these parts a man is apt to see,
And sunny clusters ripened for the wine:
I tell you this across the blackened vine.
		-- Edna St. Vincent Millay, "Even in the Moment of
		   Our Earliest Kiss", 1931


Intel CPUs are not defective, they just act that way.
		-- Henry Spencer


	A manager went to his programmers and told them: "As regards to your
work hours: you are going to have to come in at nine in the morning and leave
at five in the afternoon."  At this, all of them became angry and several
resigned on the spot.
	So the manager said: "All right, in that case you may set your own
working hours, as long as you finish your projects on schedule."  The
programmers, now satisfied, began to come in a noon and work to the wee
hours of the morning.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


I have discovered the art of deceiving diplomats.
I tell them the truth and they never believe me.
		-- Camillo Di Cavour


Confusion will be my epitaph
as I walk a cracked and broken path
If we make it we can all sit back and laugh
but I fear that tomorrow we'll be crying.
		-- King Crimson, "In the Court of the Crimson King"


Carney's Law: There's at least a 50-50 chance that someone will print
the name Craney incorrectly.
		-- Jim Canrey


Vagina, n.:
	The box a penis comes in.


Remember, if it's being done correctly, here or abroad, it's
*not* the U.S. Army doing it!
		-- "Good Morning, Vietnam"


Ditat Deus.  (God enriches.)


Life is both difficult and time consuming.


It's very glamorous to raise millions of dollars, until it's time for the
venture capitalist to suck your eyeballs out.
		-- Peter Kennedy, chairman of Kraft & Kennedy


There is no satisfaction in hanging a man who does not object to it.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Remember the good old days, when CPU was singular?


"Snyder's got a stiff ticket," said Kay,
"Come on, take it out, and let's play."
	He pulled it on out,
	But she started to pout,
His ticket was only a quarter-inch stout.


Very few people do anything creative after the age of thirty-five.  The
reason is that very few people do anything creative before the age of
thirty-five.
		-- Joel Hildebrand


But I don't like Spam!!!!


A man walks into the doctor's office and the doctor says to him, "I've got
some good news and some bad news."
	"Tell me the good news first" the patient replies.
	"The good news is that your penis is going to be about two inches
longer and about an inch wider," the doctor says.
	"That's great!" says his patient.  "What's the bad news?"
	"Malignant."


Breathe deep the gathering gloom.
Watch lights fade from every room.
Bed-sitter people look back and lament;
another day's useless energies spent.

Impassioned lovers wrestle as one.
Lonely man cries for love and has none.
New mother picks up and suckles her son.
Senior citizens wish they were young.

Cold-hearted orb that rules the night;
Removes the colors from our sight.
Red is grey and yellow white.
But we decide which is real, and which is an illusion."
		-- The Moody Blues, "Days of Future Passed"


There is nothing wrong with screwing everyone in sight.
Boring your friends about it is the sin.
		-- Mama Liz


QOTD:
	"I won't say he's untruthful, but his wife has to call the
	dog for dinner."


You can have peace.  Or you can have freedom.
Don't ever count on having both at once.
		-- Lazarus Long


Sentimentality -- that's what we call the sentiment we don't share.
		-- Graham Greene


Magnet, n.: Something acted upon by magnetism

Magnetism, n.: Something acting upon a magnet.

The two definitions immediately foregoing are condensed from the works
of one thousand eminent scientists, who have illuminated the subject
with a great white light, to the inexpressible advancement of human
knowledge.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Crinklaw's Observation:
	Nowadays the order of life is reversed: Sex is first enjoyed,
	marriage follows, and after marriage comes abstinence.


Harry is heavily into camping, and every year in the late fall, he
makes us all go to Assateague, which is an island on the Atlantic Ocean
famous for its wild horses.  I realize that the concept of wild horses
probably stirs romantic notions in many of you, but this is because you
have never met any wild horses in person.  In person, they are like
enormous hooved rats.  They amble up to your camp site, and their
attitude is: "We're wild horses.  We're going to eat your food, knock
down your tent and poop on your shoes.  We're protected by federal law,
just like Richard Nixon."
		-- Dave Barry, "Tenting Grandpa Bob"


Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.
		-- Thomas Szasz


Well, we're big rock singers, we've got golden fingers,
And we're loved everywhere we go.
We sing about beauty, and we sing about truth,
At ten thousand dollars a show.
We take all kind of pills to give us all kind of thrills,
But the thrill we've never known,
Is the thrill that'll get'cha, when you get your picture,
On the cover of the Rolling Stone.

I got a freaky old lady, name of Cole King Katie,
Who embroiders on my jeans.
I got my poor old gray-haired daddy,
Drivin' my limousine.
Now it's all designed, to blow our minds,
But our minds won't be really be blown;
Like the blow that'll get'cha, when you get your picture,
On the cover of the Rolling Stone.

We got a lot of little, teen-aged, blue-eyed groupies,
Who'll do anything we say.
We got a genuine Indian guru, that's teachin' us a better way.
We got all the friends that money can buy,
So we never have to be alone.
And we keep gettin' richer, but we can't get our picture,
On the cover of the Rolling Stone.
		-- Dr. Hook and the Medicine Show
		   [They eventually DID make the cover of RS. Ed.]


He's like a function -- he returns a value, in the form of
his opinion.  It's up to you to cast it into a void or not.
		-- Phil Lapsley


May you have many beautiful and obedient daughters.


Hear about...
	the gay tattoo artist who had designs on several of the local
	sailors?


	During a grouse hunt in North Carolina two intrepid sportsmen
were blasting away at a clump of trees near a stone wall.  Suddenly a
red-faced country squire popped his head over the wall and shouted,
"Hey, you almost hit my wife."
	"Did I?"  cried the hunter, aghast.  "Terribly sorry.  Have a
shot at mine, over there."


You may worry about your hair-do today, but tomorrow much peanut butter will
be sold.


They also serve who only stand and wait.
		-- John Milton


The better part of valor is discretion.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


The five rules of Socialism:

	1. Don't think.
	2. If you do think, don't speak.
	3. If you think and speak, don't write.
	4. If you think, speak and write, don't sign.
	5. If you think, speak, write and sign, don't be surprised.

		-- being told in Poland, 1987


