Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be President, but they
don't want them to become politicians in the process.
		-- John F. Kennedy


Shift to the left,
Shift to the right,
Mask in, mask out,
BYTE, BYTE, BYTE !!!


	Split		1/4 bottle	.187 liters
	Half		1/2 bottle
	Bottle		750 milliliters
	Magnum		2 bottles	1.5 liters
	Jeroboam	4 bottles
	Rehoboam	6 bottles	Not available in the US
	Methuselah	8 bottles
	Salmanazar	12 bottles
	Balthazar	16 bottles
	Nebuchadnezzar	20 bottles	15 liters
	Sovereign	34 bottles	26 liters

	The Sovereign is a new bottle, made for the launching of the
largest cruise ship in the world.  The bottle alone cost 8,000 dollars
to produce and they only made 8 of them.
	Most of the funny names come from Biblical people.


The gent who wakes up and finds himself a success hasn't been asleep.


Q:	What goes: Sis!  Boom!  Baaaaah!
A:	Exploding sheep.


[It is] best to confuse only one issue at a time.
		-- K&R


When things go well, expect something to
explode, erode, collapse or just disappear.


Things are more like they are today than they ever were before.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


U.S. of A.:
	"Don't speak to the bus driver."
Germany:
	"It is strictly forbidden for passengers to speak to the driver."
England:
	"You are requested to refrain from speaking to the driver."
Scotland:
	"What have you got to gain by speaking to the driver?"
Italy:
	"Don't answer the driver."


Q:	What's the difference between erotic and kinky?
A:	Erotic is when you use a feather.  Kinky is when you use
	the whole bird.


Bypasses are devices that allow some people to dash from point A to
point B very fast while other people dash from point B to point A very
fast.  People living at point C, being a point directly in between, are
often given to wonder what's so great about point A that so many people
from point B are so keen to get there and what's so great about point B
that so many people from point A are so keen to get _t_h_e_r_e.  They often
wish that people would just once and for all work out where the hell
they wanted to be.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


The duration of passion is proportionate with the original resistance
of the woman.
		-- Honore de Balzac


What is the difficulty with writing a PDP-8 program to emulate Jerry
Ford?

Figuring out what to do with the other 3K.


There is not a man in the country that can't make a living for himself and
family.  But he can't make a living for them *and* his government, too,
the way his government is living.  What the government has got to do is
live as cheap as the people.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


Whenever someone tells you to "take it like a man" it usually means
up your ass.


Enjoy yourself while you're still old.


Hear about...
	the insurance salesman who says his greatest successes are
	with young housewives who aren't adequately covered?


Mankind is poised midway between the gods and the beasts.
		-- Plotinus


Distress, n.:
	A disease incurred by exposure to the prosperity of a friend.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI", Part IV


Man in stall:
	Hey, buddy?  Is there any toilet paper out there?
Man at sink:
	No, I don't see any.  Just a second...  Nope, none in
	any of the other stalls either.
A minute passes.
Man in stall:
	Say, buddy?
Man at sink:
	Yeah?
Man in stall:
	You got change for a ten?


Love is not the dying moan of a distant violin -- it's the triumphant
twang of a bedspring.
		-- S.J. Perelman


Missed the train at the railway station
Oh hell, blast, and damnation!
Asked a lady in there if she had the time,
She said "Yes", and a strong inclination.


Operator, please trace this call and tell me where I am.


The following quote is from page 4-27 of the MSCP Basic Disk Functions
Manual which is part of the UDA50 Programmers Doc Kit manuals:

As stated above, the host area of a disk is structured as a vector of
logical blocks.  From a performance viewpoint, however, it is more
appropriate to view the host area as a four dimensional hyper-cube, the
four dimensions being cylinder, group, track, and sector.
	. . .
Referring to our hyper-cube analogy, the set of potentially accessible
blocks form a line parallel to the track axis.  This line moves
parallel to the sector axis, wrapping around when it reaches the edge
of the hyper-cube.


The sight of his guests filled Lord Cray
At breakfast with horrid dismay,
	So he launched off the spoons
	The pits from his prunes
At their heads as they neared the buffet.
		-- Edward Gorey


Life is having a mother-in-law that sucks and a wife that don't.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


Time will end all my troubles,
but I don't always approve of Time's methods.


Do not rejoice in his defeat, you men,
For though the world stood up
And stopped the bastard,
The bitch that bore him is in heat again.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


If you hands are clean and your cause is just
and your demands are reasonable, at least it's a start.


The genius of our ruling class is that it has kept a majority of the
people from ever questioning the inequity of a system where most people
drudge along paying heavy taxes for which they get nothing in return.
		-- Gore Vidal


Telephone books are like dictionaries -- if you know the answer before
you look it up, you can eventually reaffirm what you thought you knew
but weren't sure.  But if you're searching for something you don't
already know, your fingers could walk themselves to death.
		-- Erma Bombeck


Texas law forbids anyone to have a pair of pliers in his possession.


Let he who takes the plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.


I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not so sure.


Today's scientific question is: What in the world is electricity?

And where does it go after it leaves the toaster?
		-- Dave Barry, "What is Electricity?"


In the romantic days of Warsaw, Viennese whores were known for their
beauty and delicacy.  A gallant officer picked up one such lady of the
evening, who took him to her apartment.  They made delicious love all
evening before drifting to sleep in each others' arms.  In the morning
the man dressed, staring into a full-length mirror.  The lady lay in her
bed watching him.  Finally, she said softly,
	"Didn't you forget something?"
	"What did I forget?" asked the officer.
	"You forgot about the money," said the lady.
	"Oh, no," said the man, standing at ramrod attention.
"A Polish officer never accepts money."


A man always needs to remember one thing about
a beautiful woman.  Somewhere, somebody's tired of her.


Depart in pieces, i.e., split.


Sighed a neat little package named Annie:
"I've the tits and the twat and the fanny,
	Plus the yen, but the men
	Only call now and then--
Can it be I've B.O. in my cranny?"


Charity, n.:
	A thing that begins at home and usually stays there.


Un moine au milieu de la messe		A monk in the middle of mass
S'eleva et cria en detresse;		Stood up and cried out in distress;
	"La vie religieuse,			"The religious life
	C'est sale et affreuse,"		Is dirty and horrid,"
Et se poignarda dans les fesses.	And stabbed himself in the ass.
		-- Edward Gorey


Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark.
Professionals built the Titanic.


The most disagreeable thing that your worst enemy says to your face does
not approach what your best friends say behind your back.
		-- Alfred De Musset


The real trouble with reality is that there's no background music.


Serfs up!
		-- Spartacus


ALL NEW:
	Parts not interchangeable with previous model.


Build a better mousetrap, the saying goes -- and with the brassiere,
Yankee Ingenuity did exactly that.  But their true stroke of genius was
the new bait.  The old fashioned mousetrap was loaded with cheese;
nobody cares much about cheese, except mice.  But when American
Know-How reloaded the brassiere with tits, every heterosexual male in
the country was hopelessly trapped.
		-- Alan Sherman, "The Rape of the A*P*E*"


Santa Claus is watching!


Every paper published in a respectable journal should have a preface by
the author stating why he is publishing the article, and what value he
sees in it.  I have no hope that this practice will ever be adopted.
		-- Morris Kline


You know you're a little fat if you have stretch marks on your car.
		-- Cyrus, Chicago Reader 1/22/82


College football is a game which would be much more interesting if the
faculty played instead of the students, and even more interesting if
the trustees played.  There would be a great increase in broken arms,
legs, and necks, and simultaneously an appreciable diminution in the
loss to humanity.
		-- H. L. Mencken


For there are moments when one can neither think nor feel.  And if one can
neither think nor feel, she thought, where is one?
		-- Virginia Woolf, "To the Lighthouse"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to powerfail recovery.]


First, a few words about tools.

Basically, a tool is an object that enables you to take advantage of
the laws of physics and mechanics in such a way that you can seriously
injure yourself.  Today, people tend to take tools for granted.  If
you're ever walking down the street and you notice some people who look
particularly smug, the odds are that they are taking tools for
granted.  If I were you, I'd walk right up and smack them in the face.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


It's really quite a simple choice: Life, Death, or Los Angeles.


1/2 oz. gin
1/2 oz. vodka
1/2 oz. rum (preferably dark)
3/4 oz. tequila
1/2 oz. triple sec
1/2 oz. orange juice
3/4 oz. sour mix
1/2 oz. cola
shake with ice and strain into frosted glass.
		Long Island Iced Tea


I'm all for computer dating, but I
wouldn't want one to marry my sister.


Q:	What is the worst story Helen Keller ever read?
A:	A cheese grater.


What one fool can do, another can.
		-- Ancient Simian proverb


Quick, sing me the BUDAPEST NATIONAL ANTHEM!!


The honeymoon is not actually over until we cease
to stifle our sighs and begin to stifle our yawns.
		-- Helen Rowland


I GUESS OF ALL MY UNCLES, I liked Uncle Caveman the best. We called him
Uncle Caveman because he lived in a cave and because sometimes he'd eat
one of us.  Later, we found out he was a bear.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Adults die young.


The one L lama, he's a priest
The two L llama, he's a beast
And I will bet my silk pyjama
There isn't any three L lllama.
		-- Ogden Nash, to which a fire chief replied that occasionally
		his department responded to something like a "three L lllama."


Q:	What do you call a woman who can suck a golf ball through 50 feet
	of garden hose?
A:	Darling.
		[Often?  Ed.]


The average income of the modern teenager is about 2AM.


Password:


The biggest mistake you can make is to believe that you are
working for someone else.


	Catching his children with their hands in the new, still wet, patio,
the father spanked them.  His wife asked, "Don't you love your children?"
"In the abstract, yes, but not in the concrete."


Believe everything you hear about the world; nothing is too
impossibly bad.
		-- Honore de Balzac


The mother of the year should be a sterilized woman with two
adopted children.
		-- Paul Ehrlich


Q:	Why do men die before their wives?
A:	They want to.


Where there are visible vapors, having their prevenance
in ignited carbonaceous materials, there is conflagration.


Confucius say:
	woman who put man in dog house find him in cat house.
	woman who spring on inner-spring this spring, have off-spring
		next spring.
	man who kiss girl's behind, get crack in face.
	passionate kiss like spider web, lead to undoing of fly.
	man who kicked in testicles get left holding bag.
	man who suck nipples make clean breast of things.
	woman who slide down bannister make monkey shine.
	woman's virginity like balloon, one prick and all gone.
	Kotex not best thing on earth, but next to best.
	squirrel who run up woman's leg not find nuts.
	epileptic woman who give blow-job may bite big one.
	seven days on honeymoon make one hole weak.


Is there life before breakfast?


They spell it "da Vinci" and pronounce it "da Vinchy".  Foreigners
always spell better than they pronounce.
		-- Mark Twain


USENET is like a herd of performing elephants with diarrhea --
massive, difficult to redirect, awe-inspiring, entertaining, and
a source of mind-boggling amounts of excrement when you least
expect it.
		-- Gene Spafford


Booze is the answer.  I don't remember the question.


If we can ever make red tape nutritional, we can feed the world.
		-- R. Schaeberle, "Management Accounting"


Acid -- better living through chemistry.


Hotels are tired of getting ripped off.  I checked into a hotel and they
had towels from my house.
		-- Mark Guido


Tom's hungry, time to eat lunch.


This is clearly another case of too many mad scientists,
and not enough hunchbacks.


The difference between reality and unreality
is that reality has so little to recommend it.
		-- Allan Sherman


Some performers on television appear to be horrible people, but when
you finally get to know them in person, they turn out to be even
worse.
		-- Avery


Zymurgy's Law of Volunteer Labor:
	People are always available for work in the past tense.


I have a switch in my apartment that doesn't do anything.  Every once
in a while I turn it on and off.  On and off.  On and off.  One day I
got a call from a woman in France who said "Cut it out!"
		-- Steven Wright


The honeymoon is not actually over until we cease
to stifle our sighs and begin to stifle our yawns.
		-- Helen Rowland


Lawyer's Rule:
	When the law is against you, argue the facts.
	When the facts are against you, argue the law.
	When both are against you, call the other lawyer names.


I went to a Grateful Dead Concert and they played for SEVEN hours.
Great song.
		-- Fred Reuss


Some men feel that the only thing they owe
the woman who marries them is a grudge.
		-- Helen Rowland


Q:	What does it say on the bottom of Coke cans in North Dakota?
A:	Open other end.


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #13 -- SLOBOL

	SLOBOL is best known for the speed, or lack of it, of its compiler.
Although many compilers allow you to take a coffee break while they compile,
SLOBOL compilers allow you to travel to Bolivia to pick the beans.  Forty-
three programmers are known to have died of boredom sitting at their terminals
while waiting for a SLOBOL program to compile.  Weary SLOBOL programmers
often turn to a related (but infinitely faster) language, COCAINE.


You may be gone tomorrow, but that
doesn't mean that you weren't here today.


Poorman's Rule:
	When you pull a plastic garbage bag from its handy dispenser
	package, you always get hold of the closed end and try to
	pull it open.


I can't believe that out of 100,000 sperm, you were the quickest.
		-- Steven Pearl


You may have heard that a dean is
to faculty as a hydrant is to a dog.
		-- Alfred Kahn


Kliban's First Law of Dining:
	Never eat anything bigger than your head.


I should have been a country-western singer.  After all, I'm older than
most western countries.
		-- George Burns


Come up and see me sometime.  Come Wednesday, that's amateur night.
		-- Mae West


Majorities, of course, start with minorities.
		-- Robert Moses


You may be sure that when a man begins to call himself a "realist," he
is preparing to do something he is secretly ashamed of doing.
		-- Sydney Harris


I know a Polack his name is Cliff,
Hey-la-de-la-de-la.
He sticks it in the freezer to get it stiff,
Hey-la-de-la-de-lo.

I know a girl, her name is Serafina,
Hey-la-de-la-de-la.
She'll get down on all fours for a bowl of Purina,
Hey-la-de-la-de-lo.

I know a girl, her name is Cuffy,
Hey-la-de-la-de-la.
She douches with Tide and makes her pubes fluffy,
Hey la-de-la-de-lo.
		-- Doctor Dirty


WARNING:
	Reading this fortune can affect the dimensionality of your
	mind, change the curvature of your spine, cause the growth
	of hair on your palms, and make a difference in the outcome
	of your favorite war.


Mophobia, n.:
	Fear of being verbally abused by a Mississippian.


Never reveal your best argument.


He who laughs last is probably your boss.


It is better to have loved and lost -- much better.


The moyel who treated young Alec
Was cross-eyed and hydrocephalic.
	Presented the child
	His aim was so wild
He rendered the poor boy biphallic.


You can't take damsel here now.


This guy runs into his house and yells to his wife, "Kathy, pack up your
bags!  I just won the California lottery!"
	"Honey!", Kathy exclaims, "Shall I pack for warm weather or cold?"
	"I don't care," responds the husband. "just so long as you're out
of the house by dinner!"


I have a hobby.  I have the world's largest collection of sea shells.
I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world.  Maybe you've seen
some of it.
		-- Steven Wright


Any clod can have the facts, but having opinions is an art.
		-- Charles McCabe


It is ridiculous to call this an industry.  This is not.  This is rat eat
rat, dog eat dog.  I'll kill 'em, and I'm going to kill 'em before they
kill me.  You're talking about the American way of survival of the fittest.
		-- Ray Kroc, founder of McDonald's


It says he made us all to be just like him.  So if we're dumb, then
god is dumb, and maybe even a little ugly on the side.
		-- Frank Zappa


I hate small towns because once you've seen the cannon in the park
there's nothing else to do.
		-- Lenny Bruce


It is impossible to defend perfectly
against the attack of those who want to die.


Hire the handicapped -- they're fun to watch!


Bower's Law:
	Talent goes where the action is.


No evil can happen to a good man.
		-- Plato


Rembrandt is not to be compared in the painting of character with our
extraordinarily gifted English artist, Mr. Rippingille.
		-- John Hunt, British editor, scholar and art critic
		   Cerf/Navasky, "The Experts Speak"


The new cinematic emporium
Is not just a super-sensorium,
	But a highly effectual
	Heterosexual
Mutual masturbatorium.


How many software engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?
None: "We'll document it in the manual."


When my freshman roommate at Cornell found out I was Jewish, she was,
at her request, moved to a different room.  She told me she didn't
think she had ever seen a Jew before.  My only response was to begin
wearing a small Star of David on a chain around my neck.  I had not
become a more observing Jew; rather, discovering that the label of
Jew was offensive to others made me want to let people know who I
was and what I believed in.  Similarly, after talking to these young
women -- one of whom told me that she didn't think she had ever met
a feminist -- I've taken to identifying myself as a feminist in the
most unlikely of situations.
		-- Susan Bolotin, "Voices From the Post-Feminist Generation"


Adler's Distinction:
	Language is all that separates us from the lower animals,
	and from the bureaucrats.


Avoid cliches like the plague.
They're a dime a dozen.


