Ever notice that the word "therapist" breaks down into "the rapist"?
Simple coincidence?
Maybe...


The warden of the De Luxington preparatory school for boys was holding a
hearing.  The lad before his desk, a very popular young fellow, was angrily
accusing one of his schoolmates of having assaulted him sexually.
	"I must warn you, m'boy, this is a very serious charge, the warden
said.
	"I don't care.  I tell you it is true.  He raped me, warden."  The
youth pointed to another, somewhat larger boy smirking in the corner.
"That's him, sir, the one who forced me to do all those crimes against
nature.  The bully!"
	"Now tell me, son, as closely as you can, when this happened."
	"Sir, two weeks ago on Wednesday at 4:00, then at 7:00 that same
evening, on Friday, twice on Saturday, two times on Monday, once on
Wednesday, and then he met that bitch Roy and he hasn't touched me since."


This is the sort of English up with which I will not put.
		-- Winston Churchill


You won't skid if you stay in a rut.
		-- Frank Hubbard


	A hard-luck actor who appeared in one colossal disaster after another
finally got a break, a broken leg to be exact.  Someone pointed out that it's
the first time the poor fellow's been in the same cast for more than a week.


A 6'8", 280-pound Southerner walked into a NY bar, sat down next to a
patron, and said, "Ah'm big, and ah'm bad, and I *loves* to fuck Northern
women!"  The guy was so terrified that he put down his beer and ran out
of the bar.
	The Rebel moved over to the next guy and said, "Ah'm big and ah'm
bad and I *loves* to fuck New York women."  The guy took one look at him,
blanched and ran out of the bar.
	The man then went over to a short little guy with "Bronx" written
all over him.  "Ah'm big and ah'm bad and I *loves* to fuck your sister."
	The short guy looked him up and down and said, "I don't blame
you one bit.  She's *got* to be an improvement on yours."


Truth has no special time of its own.  Its hour is now -- always.
		-- Albert Schweitzer


One cannot make an omelette without breaking eggs -- but it is amazing
how many eggs one can break without making a decent omelette.
		-- Professor Charles P. Issawi


God votes Republican.


I distrust a man who says when.  If he's got to be careful not to drink
too much, it's because he's not to be trusted when he does.
		-- Sidney Greenstreet, "The Maltese Falcon"


Those who in quarrels interpose, must often wipe a bloody nose.


Never miss a good chance to shut up.


Modeling paged and segmented memories is tricky business.
		-- P. J. Denning


It is far more impressive when others discover your good qualities
without your help.
		-- Miss Manners


In Christianity, a man may have only one wife.
This is called Monotony.


Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.


I have never been one to sacrifice
my appetite on the altar of appearance.
		-- A. M. Readyhough


Bi, n.:
	When *everybody* thinks you're a pervert.


The divinity of Jesus is made a convenient cover for absurdity.  Nowhere in
the Gospels do we find a precept for Creeds, Confessions, Oaths, Doctrines,
and whole carloads of other foolish trumpery that we find in Christianity.
		-- John Adams


Writing about music is like dancing about architecture.
		-- Frank Zappa


You will hear good news from one you thought unfriendly to you.


Love is eating her even when she's not having her period.


MONTANA:
	Where forty-three below keeps out the riff-raff.


Kissing your hand may make you feel very good, but a diamond and
sapphire bracelet lasts for ever.
		-- Anita Loos, "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes"


	A business executive is consumed by jealousy: he suspects his wife
of cheating on him.  The suspicion grows and grows, and one morning as he
drives to work he can't take it any more.  He thinks to himself, "she
probably just waited until I left so she could meet with her lover."
	When he gets to his office, he calls home.  The maid answers.  He
says, "Hello.  Is my wife there?"
	"Yes, sir", the maid whispers.
	"Is she with her lover?"
	The maid pauses, and then says, "Yes, sir, she is, and I must say
that I feel terrible about how she treats you."
	The man yells, "That no good **#*&!!.  If you feel as badly as you
say you do, you must do this for me: go to my dresser and get my gun.  Check
to make sure that it's loaded.  Then go upstairs and shoot both that cheating
two-timing whore and her lover.  Dispose of the gun, and then come back to
the phone and tell me that it's over.  Don't worry -- I'll protect you."
The man hears footsteps, a drawer being opened, a click, more footsteps,
silence... and then two shots.  More footsteps.  Finally the maid comes back
to the phone and says "It's done."
	The man asks, "What did you do with the gun?"
	"I threw it behind the statue in the garden", the maid replies.
	"Statue in the garden?  Say, what number is this, anyway?"


The Analytical Engine weaves Algebraical patterns
just as the Jacquard loom weaves flowers and leaves.
		-- Ada Augusta, Countess of Lovelace, the first programmer


There are Jews in the world, there are Buddhists,	Every sperm is sacred,
there are Hindus and Mormons and then			Every sperm is great,
there are those that follow Mohammed  ...But...		If a sperm is wasted,
I've never been one of them.				God gets quite irate.

I am a Roman Catholic					Every sperm is wanted,
And have been since before I was born,			Every sperm is good.
And the one thing they say about Catholics is		Every sperm is needed,
They'll take you as soon as you're warm.		In your neighborhood.

You don't have to be a six-footer.		Let the heathens spill theirs,
You don't have to have a great brain.		On the dusty ground.
You don't have to have any clothes on,		God shall make them pay for
You're a Catholic the moment Dad came		Each sperm that can't be found.
...Because...

Hindu, Taoist, Mormon,				Every sperm is useful,
spill theirs just anywhere			Every sperm is fine.
but God loves those who treat their		God needs everybodies,
semen with more care.				Mine, and mine, and mine.
		-- Monty Python, "Every Sperm is Sacred"


You may not be able to judge a book by its cover, but
you sure as hell can tell how much it's going to cost.


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #21

	Shall I compare thee to a Summer day?
	No, I guess not.


A day without sunshine is like night.


Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
		-- Salvor Hardin


Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow we diet.


The avocation of assessing the failures of better men can be turned
into a comfortable livelihood, providing you back it up with a Ph.D.
		-- Nelson Algren, "Writers at Work"


It's sweet to be remembered, but it's often cheaper to be forgotten.


Binary, adj.:
	Possessing the ability to have friends of both sexes.


You can do very well in speculation where
land or anything to do with dirt is concerned.


In 1869 the waffle iron was invented for people who had wrinkled
waffles.


There's amnesia in a hangknot,
And comfort in the ax,
But the simple way of poison will make your nerves relax.
	There's surcease in a gunshot,
	And sleep that comes from racks,
	But a handy draft of poison avoids the harshest tax.
You find rest on the hot squat,
Or gas can give you pax,
But the closest corner chemist has peace in packaged stacks.
	There's refuge in the church lot
	When you tire of facing facts,
	And the smoothest route is poison prescribed by kindly quacks.
Chorus:	With an *ugh!* and a groan, and a kick of the heels,
	Death comes quiet, or it comes with squeals --
	But the pleasantest place to find your end
	Is a cup of cheer from the hand of a friend.
		-- Jubal Harshaw, "One For The Road"


I got tired of listening to the recording on the phone at the movie
theater.  So I bought the album.  I got kicked out of a theater the
other day for bringing my own food in.  I argued that the concession
stand prices were outrageous.  Besides, I hadn't had a barbecue in a
long time.  I went to the theater and the sign said adults $5 children
$2.50.  I told them I wanted 2 boys and a girl.  I once took a cab to
a drive-in movie.  The movie cost me $95.
		-- Steven Wright


The bomb will never go off.  I speak as an expert in explosives.
		-- Admiral William Leahy, U.S. Atomic Bomb Project


The trouble with money is it costs too much!


Weinberg's First Law:
	Progress is only made on alternate Fridays.


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

Compiler optimizations have been made to macro expand LET into a WITHOUT-
INTERRUPTS special form so that it can PUSH things into a stack in the
LET-OPTIMIZATION area, SETQ the variables and then POP them back when it's
done.  Don't worry about this unless you use multiprocessing.
Note that LET *could* have been defined by:

	(LET ((LET '`(LET ((LET ',LET))
			,LET)))
	`(LET ((LET ',LET))
		,LET))

This is believed to speed up execution by as much as a factor of 1.01 or
3.50 depending on whether you believe our friendly marketing representatives.
This code was written by a new programmer here (we snatched him away from
Itty Bitti Machines where we was writing COUGHBOL code) so to give him
confidence we trusted his vows of "it works pretty well" and installed it.


Little Herbie had been blind since birth.  One day at bedtime, his mother
told him that the next day was a very special one.  If he prayed extra
hard, he'd be able to see when he woke up the next morning.  The next
morning she came into Herbie's room and asked him if he'd prayed hard
the night before.
	"Yes, Mommie," was his reply, "all night long!"
	"Well, then," she said, "open your eyes and you'll know that
your prayers have been answered."
Little Herbie opened his eyes, only to cry out,
	"Mother! Mother! I still can't see!"
	"I know, dear," said his mother, "April Fool."


Another greeting card category consists of those persons who send out
photographs of their families every year.  In the same mail that brought the
greetings from Marcia and Philip, my friend found such a conversation piece.
"My God, Lida is enormous!" she exclaimed.  I don't know why women want to
record each year, for two or three hundred people to see, the ravages wrought
upon them, their mates, and their progeny by the artillery of time, but
between five and seven per cent of Christmas cards, at a rough estimate, are
family groups, and even the most charitable recipient studies them for little
signs of dissolution or derangement.  Nothing cheers a woman more, I am afraid,
than the proof that another woman is letting herself go, or has lost control
of her figure, or is clearly driving her husband crazy, or is obviously
drinking more than is good for her, or still doesn't know what to wear.
Middle-aged husbands in such photographs are often described as looking
"young enough to be her son," but they don't always escape so easily, and a
couple opening envelopes in the season of mercy and good will sometimes handle
a male friend or acquaintance rather sharply.  "Good Lord!" the wife will say.
"Frank looks like a sex-crazed shotgun slayer, doesn't he?"  "Not to me," the
husband may reply.  "to me he looks more like a Wilkes-Barre dentist who is
being sought by the police in connection with the disappearance of a choir
singer."
		-- James Thurber, "Merry Christmas"


Would you people stop playing these stupid games?!?!?!!!!


Sam:  What do you say, Norm?
Norm: Any cheap, tawdry thing that'll get me a beer.
		-- Cheers, Birth, Death, Love and Rice

Sam:  What do you say to a beer, Normie?
Norm: Hiya, sailor.  New in town?
		-- Cheers, Woody Goes Belly Up

Norm: [coming in from the rain] Evening, everybody.
All:  Norm!  (Norman.)
Sam:  Still pouring, Norm?
Norm: That's funny, I was about to ask you the same thing.
		-- Cheers, Diane's Nightmare


This is the Baron.  Angel Martin tells me you buy information.  Ok,
meet me at one a.m. behind the bus depot, bring five-hundred dollars
and come alone.  I'm serious!


Jone's Motto:
	Friends come and go, but enemies accumulate.


In high school in Brooklyn
I was the baseball manager,
proud as I could be
I chased baseballs,
gathered thrown bats
handed out the towels			Eventually, I bought my own
It was very important work		but it was dark blue while
for a small spastic kid,		the official ones were green
but I was a team member			Nobody ever said anything
When the team got			to me about my blue jacket;
their warm-up jackets			the guys were my friends
I didn't get one			Yet it hurt me all year
Only the regular team			to wear that blue jacket
got these jackets, and			among all those green ones
surely not a manager			Even now, forty years after,
					I still recall that jacket
					and the memory goes on hurting.
		-- Bart Lanier Safford III, "An Obscured Radiance"


Hear about...
	the loner who gave up his solitary vice for Lent?  Except on
	Palm Sunday, of course.


I like myself, but I won't say I'm as handsome as the bull
that kidnaped Europa.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero


	A master was explaining the nature of the Tao to one of his novices,
"The Tao is embodied in all software -- regardless of how insignificant,"
said the master.
	"Is the Tao in a hand-held calculator?" asked the novice.
	"It is," came the reply.
	"Is the Tao in a video game?" continued the novice.
	"It is even in a video game," said the master.
	"And is the Tao in the DOS for a personal computer?"
	The master coughed and shifted his position slightly.  "The lesson is
over for today," he said.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Software, n.:
	Formal evening attire for female computer analysts.


When I first arrived in this country I had only fifteen cents in my pocket
and a willingness to compromise.
		-- Weber cartoon caption


I've been feeling kind of jealous,
Of all them well-hung fellas,
Like Michael, Rod, and Mick.		It would have to be a big one,
Tell me, Doctor can you mend me?	A giant, horny love gun,
I've a case of penis envy --		To let me be a jock.
If I only had a dick.			Girls would never beg my pardon,
					They would turn on to my hardon --
					If I only had a cock.
Oh, I can tell you now,
The number of times I'd score,
I could fuck girls like			I would not be just a housewife,
	I never have before,		Living a little mouse-life
And then I'd cum (wee!)			In days that drag out long.
And fuck some more!			I would dance and I'd be merry
					Life would be a ding-a-derry
					If I only had a dong!
		-- to "If I Only Had A Brain", The Wizard of Oz


You can't play your friends like marks, kid.
		-- Henry Gondorf, "The Sting"


The adjective is the banana peel of the parts of speech.
		-- Clifton Fadiman


The hardest part of climbing the ladder of
success is getting through the crowd at the bottom.


A good marriage would be between a blind wife and deaf husband.
		-- Michel de Montaigne


	The only real game in the world, I think, is baseball...
You've got to start way down, at the bottom, when you're six or seven years
old. You can't wait until you're fifteen or sixteen.  You've got to let it
grow up with you, and if you're successful and you try hard enough, you're
bound to come out on top, just like these boys have come to the top now.
		-- Babe Ruth, in his 1948 farewell speech at Yankee Stadium


I loved her with a love thirsty and desperate. I felt that we two might
commit some act so atrocious that the world, seeing us, would find it
irresistible.
		-- Gene Wolfe, "The Shadow of the Torturer"


Wit, n.:
	The salt with which the American Humorist spoils his cookery...
	by leaving it out.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


If we can ever make red tape nutritional, we can feed the world.
		-- R. Schaeberle, "Management Accounting"


"I have credit with this madam who runs a string of super callgirls,"
the executive reminisced at his club bar, "but when I got the bill for
the great head session one of them pleasured me with, I must say that
it was enough to make a blown man cry."


"Lines that are parallel meet at Infinity!"
Euclid repeatedly, heatedly, urged.

Until he died, and so reached that vicinity:
in it he found that the damned things diverged.
		-- Piet Hein


The public is an old woman.  Let her maunder and mumble.
		-- Thomas Carlyle


While farmers generally allow one rooster for ten hens, ten men are
scarcely sufficient to service one woman.
		-- Boccaccio


We laugh at the Indian philosopher, who to account for the support
of the earth, contrived the hypothesis of a huge elephant, and to support
the elephant, a huge tortoise.  If we will candidly confess the truth, we
know as little of the operation of the nerves, as he did of the manner in
which the earth is supported: and our hypothesis about animal spirits, or
about the tension and vibrations of the nerves, are as like to be true, as
his about the support of the earth.  His elephant was a hypothesis, and our
hypotheses are elephants.  Every theory in philosophy, which is built on
pure conjecture, is an elephant; and every theory that is supported partly
by fact, and partly by conjecture, is like Nebuchadnezzar's image, whose
feet were partly of iron, and partly of clay.
		-- Thomas Reid, "An Inquiry into the Human Mind", 1764


Cthulhu Saves -- in case He's hungry later.


PISCES (Feb.19 - Mar.20)
	You will get some very interesting news of a promotion today.
	It will go to someone in the office you dislike and will be the
	job you wanted.  Don't lend anyone a car today.  You don't have
	a car.


Satire is what closes in New Haven.


Nothing will dispel enthusiasm like a small admission fee.
		-- Kin Hubbard


The struggling for knowledge has a pleasure in it
like that of wrestling with a fine woman.
		-- Lord Halifax


FORTUNE'S GUIDE TO DEALING WITH REAL-LIFE SCIENCE FICTION: #2
What to do...
    if you get a phone call from Mars:
	Speak slowly and be sure to enunciate your words properly.  Limit
	your vocabulary to simple words.  Try to determine if you are
	speaking to someone in a leadership capacity, or an ordinary citizen.

    if he, she or it doesn't speak English?
	Hang up.  There's no sense in trying to learn Martian over the phone.
	If your Martian really had something important to say to you, he, she
	or it would have taken the trouble to learn the language before
	calling.

    if you get a phone call from Jupiter?
	Explain to your caller, politely but firmly, that being from Jupiter,
	he, she or it is not "life as we know it".  Try to terminate the
	conversation as soon as possible.  It will not profit you, and the
	charges may have been reversed.


HR 3128.  Omnibus Budget Reconciliation, Fiscal 1986.  Martin, R-Ill., motion
that the House recede from its disagreement to the Senate amendment making
changes in the bill to reduce fiscal 1986 deficits.  The Senate amendment
was an amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the House
amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill.  The original Senate amendment
was the conference agreement on the bill.  Agreed to.
		-- Albuquerque Journal


The more control, the more that requires control.


The two couples were enjoying their vacation together at a resort hotel.  They
were in the middle of a game of Scrabble in the lobby when a thunderstorm cut
off the hotel's electricity, leaving little to do but retire to their rooms.
Bill was a rather devout man, so before getting into bed with his companion,
he said his prayers.  As he got under the covers, the lightning suddenly
flashed through the window and he discovered that he was in the wrong room.
He instantly jumped up and started to dash for the hallway.  "It's too late,
called the girl from the bed, "my guy doesn't pray."


For her first week's salary the gorgeous new secretary was given an
exquisite nightgown of imported lace.  The next week her salary was
raised!


Alas, how love can trifle with itself!
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Two Gentlemen of Verona"


Conjecture: All odd numbers are prime.

	Mathematician's Proof:
		3 is prime.  5 is prime.  7 is prime.  By induction, all
		odd numbers are prime.
	Physicist's Proof:
		3 is prime.  5 is prime.  7 is prime.  9 is experimental
		error.  11 is prime.  13 is prime ...
	Engineer's Proof:
		3 is prime.  5 is prime.  7 is prime.  9 is prime.
		11 is prime.  13 is prime ...
	Computer Scientist's Proof:
		3 is prime.  3 is prime.  3 is prime.  3 is prime...


Q:	Why do Scotsmen wear kilts?
A:	Because a sheep can hear the sound of a zipper from fifty feet away.
		-- Iain MacKintosh, Glasgow folksinger


One day Adam, while wandering around the Garden of Eden, noticed that all
the animals seemed to come in pairs, male and female.  He also noted that
they seemed to enjoy being together a lot.  So, he went to his special
place and reported to God what he'd noticed.
	God, understanding his need, said, "Adam, the time has come for me
to provide you with a mate.  Go lie down and when you have fallen asleep, I
will create your mate."
	So Adam wandered off, found a nice patch of soft grass and fell
asleep.  Some time later he awoke, possibly due to a bit of pain in his
ribs, possibly because of the gorgeous woman leaning over him.  Remembering
the animals he'd seen having such fun, he immediately reached for her.
Pretty soon Adam's back at his special place.
	"God?"
	"Yes, Adam, what now?"
	"God, what's a headache?"


Put no trust in cryptic comments.


Kirk to Enterprise -- beam down yeoman Rand and a six-pack.


Broad-mindedness, n.:
	The result of flattening high-mindedness out.


One monk said to the other, "The fish has flopped out of the net! How
will it live?"  The other said, "When you have gotten out of the net,
I'll tell you."


Some points to remember [about animals]:

(1) Don't go to sleep under big animals, e.g., elephants, rhinoceri,
    hippopotamuses;
(2) Don't put animals with sharp teeth or poisonous fangs down the
    front of your clothes;
(3) Don't pat certain animals, e.g., crocodiles and scorpions or dogs
    you have just kicked.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Q:	What is green and comes in Brownies?
A:	Boy Scouts.


	"What's that thing?"
	"Well, it's a highly technical, sensitive instrument we use in
computer repair.  Being a layman, you probably can't grasp exactly what
it does.  We call it a two-by-four."
		-- Jeff MacNelly, "Shoe"


I suggest you locate your hot tub outside your house, so it won't do
too much damage if it catches fire or explodes.  First you decide which
direction your hot tub should face for maximum solar energy.  After
much trial and error, I have found that the best direction for a hot
tub to face is up.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Charlie was a chemist,
But Charlie is no more.
What Charlie thought was H2O was H2SO4.


Schapiro's Explanation:
	The grass is always greener on the other side --
	but that's because they use more manure.


Q:	How can you tell if a woman is ticklish?
A:	Give her a couple of test tickles.


