Progress might have been all right once, but it's gone on too long.
		-- Ogden Nash


The truth of a thing is the feel of it, not the think of it.
		-- Stanley Kubrick


The infliction of cruelty with a good conscience is
a delight to moralists.  That is why they invented hell.
		-- Bertrand Russell


They're giving bank robbing a bad name.
		-- John Dillinger, on Bonnie and Clyde


The requirements of romantic love are difficult to satisfy in the trunk
of a Dodge Dart.
		-- Lisa Alther


I remember Ulysses well...  Left one day for the post office
to mail a letter, met a blonde named Circe on the streetcar,
and didn't come back for 20 years.


The Marines:
	The few, the proud, the not very bright.


Cropp's Law:
	The amount of work done varies inversely
	with the time spent in the office.


Executive ability is prominent in your make-up.


You will be Told about it Tomorrow.  Go Home and Prepare Thyself.


The buffalo isn't as dangerous as everyone makes him out to be.
Statistics prove that in the United States more Americans are killed in
automobile accidents than are killed by buffalo.
		-- Art Buchwald


For my birthday I got a humidifier and a de-humidifier.  I
put them in the same room and let them fight it out.
		-- Steven Wright


Identify your visitor.


Better tried by twelve than carried by six.
		-- Jeff Cooper


Protozoa are small, and bacteria are small, but viruses are smaller
than the both put together.


I am a PC technician - however, this has unfortunately caused my
computer to be running Win98.
		-- seen on a FreeBSD mailing-list


Promptness is its own reward, if one lives by the clock instead of the sword.


Maybe if the guy who developed Twinkies hadn't had such a low
opinion of himself they would have been an inch or two longer!


Maybe we should think of this as one perfect week... where we found each
other, and loved each other... and then let each other go before anyone
had to seek professional help.


You can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard.


How to Raise Your I.Q. by Eating Gifted Children
		-- Book title by Lewis B. Frumkes


La-dee-dee, la-dee-dah.


There are twenty-five people left in the world,
and twenty-seven of them are hamburgers.
		-- Ed Sanders


Of course, I speak of nothing else but that classic of understated yet wildly
exciting eroticism, "The Windflower," by Laura London.  Ms. London is the
author of such other philosophical block-busters as "Bad Baron's Daughter,"
"A Heart Too Proud," "Moonlight Mist," and most thigh-warming of all, "Gypsy
Heiress".  Well, glasses-steaming scenes are to be found on every page, to
an extent which overwhelms Your Humble Narrator, and so, in order to save
himself extreme embarrassment, he brings you... the blurb:

	"Every lady of breeding knows: no one has a good time on a pirate
ship.  No one, that is, but the pirates.  Yet there she was, Merry Wilding
-- kidnapped in error, taken from a ship bound from New York to England,
spirited away in a barrel and swept aboard the infamous "Black Joke"...
There she was, trembling with pleasure in the arms of her achingly handsome,
sensationally sensual, golden-haired captor -- Devon."


You wanna play the dozens,
Well, the dozens is a game,
But the way I fuck your mother is an ass-wringing shame!
		-- George Carlin


A man always remembers his first love with special
tenderness, but after that begins to bunch them.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Q:	What goes
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
A:	Stevie Wonder doing the Rubik's Cube.


I call it the "Madman Theory".  I want the North Vietnamese to believe that
I've reached the point where I might do *anything* to stop the war.  We'll
just slip the word to them that "For God's sake, you know, Nixon is obsessed
about Communism.  We can't restrain him when he's angry -- and he has his
hand on the nuclear button."
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Chemistry professors never die, they just fail to react.


When you are working hard, get up and retch every so often.


Drive defensively, buy a tank.


			Pittsburgh driver's test
7: The car directly in front of you has a flashing right tail light
   but a steady left tail light.  This means
	a) One of the tail lights is broken.  You should blow your
	   horn to call the problem to the driver's attention.
	b) The driver is signaling a right turn.
	c) The driver is signaling a left turn.
	d) The driver is from out of town.
The correct answer is d.
Tail lights are used in some foreign countries to signal turns.


Such a fine first dream!
But they laughed at me; they said
I had made it up.


Do you suffer painful elimination?
		-- Donald E. Knuth, "Structured Programming with Gotos"

Do you suffer painful recrimination?
		-- Nancy Boxer, "Structured Programming with Come-froms"

Do you suffer painful illumination?
		-- Isaac Newton, "Optics"

Do you suffer painful hallucination?
		-- Don Juan, cited by Carlos Casteneda


Eat shit and die a virgin!


18th Rule of Friendship:
	A friend will let you hold the ladder while he goes up on the roof
	to install your new aerial, which is the biggest son-of-a-bitch you
	ever saw.
		-- Esquire, May 1977


Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee
And I'll forgive Thy great big one on me.
		-- Robert Frost


I think I'll snatch a kiss and flee.
		-- William Shakespeare


There appears before you a threatening figure clad all over in heavy black
armor.  His legs seem like the massive trunk of the oak tree.  His broad
shoulders and helmeted head loom high over your own puny frame and you
realize that his powerful arms could easily crush the very life from your
body.  There hangs from his belt a veritable arsenal of deadly weapons:
sword, mace, ball and chain, dagger, lance, and trident.
He speaks with a commanding voice:

		"YOU SHALL NOT PASS"

As he grabs you by the neck all grows dim about you.


You can get used to living at a nudist camp.
The first three days are the hardest.
		-- R. Dreiser


I wouldn't marry her with a ten foot pole.


Don't know what time I'll be back, Mom.
Probably soon after she throws me out.


Q:	How many WASPs does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	One.


Systems people do it with a small, but clean, interface.


Hear about...
	the guy who had his vasectomy done by Sears?
	Every time he gets a hard-on, the garage door goes up.


Price's Advice:
	It's all a game -- play it to have fun.


If you stand on your head, you will get footprints in your hair.


Vitamin C deficiency is apauling.


The heroic hours of life do not announce their presence by drum and trumpet,
challenging us to be true to ourselves by appeals to the martial spirit that
keeps the blood at heat.  Some little, unassuming, unobtrusive choice presents
itself before us slyly and craftily, glib and insinuating, in the modest garb
of innocence.  To yield to its blandishments is so easy.  The wrong, it seems,
is venial...  Then it is that you will be summoned to show the courage of
adventurous youth.
		-- Benjamin Cardozo


Graduate students and most professors are
no smarter than undergrads.  They're just older.


The common cormorant, or shag, lays eggs inside a paper bag.


To converse at the distance of the Indes by means of sympathetic contrivances
may be as natural to future times as to us is a literary correspondence.
		-- Joseph Glanvill, 1661


A plucked goose doesn't lay golden eggs.


I'm not a real movie star -- I've still got the same wife I started out
with twenty-eight years ago.
		-- Will Rogers


He drank with curvy Mable,
The pace was fast and furious,
He slid beneath the table,
Not drunk but merely curious.


This unit... must... survive.


What luck for the rulers that men do not think.
		-- Adolf Hitler


If they think you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical,
go crude.  I'm a very technical boy.  So I get as crude as possible.  These
days, though, you have to be pretty technical before you can even aspire
to crudeness...
		-- Johnny Mnemonic


Dull women have immaculate homes.


There's got to be more to life than compile-and-go.


Did you hear that there's a group of South American Indians that worship
the number zero?

Is nothing sacred?


It is November first 1940; in the famous sound stage of THE WIZARD OF OZ on
the MGM lot, a little man is lying face-up on the yellow brick road.  His
wide eyes stare upward into the blinding stage lights.  He is wearing a
kind of comic soldier's uniform with a yellow coat and puffy sleeves and
big fez-like blue and yellow hat with a feather on top.  His yellow hair
and beard are the phony straw color of Hollywood.  He could pass for some
kind of cute in the typical tinsel-town way if it wasn't for the knife
sticking out of his chest.  *Someone had murdered a Munchkin.*
		-- Stuart Kaminsky, "Murder on the Yellow Brick Road"


Nobody suffers the pain of birth or the anguish of loving a child in order
for presidents to make wars, for governments to feed on the substance of
their people, for insurance companies to cheat the young and rob the old.
		-- Lewis Lapham


A statesman is a politician who's been dead 10 or 15 years.
		-- Harry S. Truman


You better believe that marijuana can cause castration.  Just suppose
your girlfriend gets the munchies!


I'd like to start a new religion.  One that doesn't use a dead young
man as its logo.
		-- Bill Cain, "Stand Up Tragedy"


A bisexual is a man who likes girls as well as the next fellow.


Q:	What's yellow, and equivalent to the Axiom of Choice?
A:	Zorn's Lemon.


Printers do it without wrinkling the sheets.


Well, see, Joyce, there we were, trapped in the elevator.  Now, I had
my tennis racquet and the goldfish; she was holding the Crisco.  Surely
you can imagine how one thing naturally led to another!


Today is a good day to bribe a high-ranking public official.


	An architect's first work is apt to be spare and clean.  He knows
he doesn't know what he's doing, so he does it carefully and with great
restraint.
	As he designs the first work, frill after frill and embellishment
after embellishment occur to him.  These get stored away to be used "next
time".  Sooner or later the first system is finished, and the architect,
with firm confidence and a demonstrated mastery of that class of systems,
is ready to build a second system.
	This second is the most dangerous system a man ever designs.  When
he does his third and later ones, his prior experiences will confirm each
other as to the general characteristics of such systems, and their differences
will identify those parts of his experience that are particular and not
generalizable.
	The general tendency is to over-design the second system, using all
the ideas and frills that were cautiously sidetracked on the first one.
The result, as Ovid says, is a "big pile".
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


A hypocrite is a person who ... but who isn't?
		-- Don Marquis


I believe in getting into hot water; it keeps you clean.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


Lawyers do it to everyone.


A boss with no humor is like a job that's no fun.


Rugby is a game played by men with peculiarly shaped balls.


A tall, dark stranger will have more fun than you.


The Official Colorado State Vegetable is now the "state legislator".


I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.
		-- Mae West


Alive without breath,
As cold as death;
Never thirsty, ever drinking,
All in mail ever clinking.


Attractive bisexual young woman seeks same for high mellow times.


Don't steal; thou'lt never thus compete successfully in business.
Cheat.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


There are bad times just around the corner,
There are dark clouds hurtling through the sky
And it's no good whining
About a silver lining
For we know from experience that they won't roll by...
		-- Noel Coward


The difference between her and the Titanic is that only 1100 men
went down on the Titanic.


Q:	What is green and lives in the ocean?
A:	Moby Pickle.


Don't talk to me about naval tradition.  It's nothing but rum,
sodomy and the lash.
		-- Winston Churchill


I'm a Hollywood writer; so I put on
a sports jacket and take off my brain.


At social gatherings, I would amuse everyone by standing uponst the
coffee table and striking meself repeatedly upon the head with a brick.
		-- H. R. Gumby


Please, Mother!  I'd rather do it myself!


When in panic, fear and doubt,
Drink in barrels, eat, and shout.


When a girl marries she exchanges the attentions of many men for the
inattentions of one.
		-- Helen Rowland


ORAL CONTRACEPTIVE:
	The word "No".


A man is like a rusty wheel on a rusty cart,
He sings his song as he rattles along and then he falls apart.
		-- Richard Thompson


Sodomy, fellatio, cunnilingus, pederasty,
Father, why do these words sound so nasty?
		-- Hair


Finding out what goes on in the C.I.A. is like performing acupuncture
on a rock.
		-- New York Times, Jan. 20, 1981


Fame lost its appeal for me when I went into a public restroom and an
autograph seeker handed me a pen and paper under the stall door.
		-- Marlo Thomas


The White Rabbit put on his spectacles.
	"Where shall I begin, please your Majesty?" he asked.
	"Begin at the beginning," the King said, very gravely,
"and go on till you come to the end: then stop."
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


Petribar, n.:
	Any sun-bleached prehistoric candy that has been sitting in
	the window of a vending machine too long.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


No, "Eureka" is Greek for "This bath is too hot."
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


Imagine there's no heaven... it's easy if you try.
		-- John Lennon, "Imagine"


The Feynman Problem-Solving Algorithm:
	(1) write down the problem.
	(2) think very hard.
	(3) write down the answer.
		-- Murray Gell-Mann


The Preacher, the Politician, the Teacher,
	Were each of them once a kiddie.
A child, indeed, is a wonderful creature.
	Do I want one?  God Forbiddie!
		-- Ogden Nash


Marriage, n.:
	The evil aye.


Experience teaches you that the man who looks you straight in the eye,
particularly if he adds a firm handshake, is hiding something.
		-- Clifton Fadiman, "Enter Conversing"


The best man for the job is often a woman.


	"Then what is magic for?" Prince Lir demanded wildly.  "What use is
wizardry if it cannot save a unicorn?"  He gripped the magician's shoulder
hard, to keep from falling.
	Schmendrick did not turn his head.  With a touch of sad mockery in
his voice, he said, "That's what heroes are for."
...
	"Yes, of course," he [Prince Lir] said.  "That is exactly what heroes
are for.  Wizards make no difference, so they say that nothing does, but
heroes are meant to die for unicorns."
		-- P. Beagle, "The Last Unicorn"


Think of it!  With VLSI we can pack 100 ENIACs in 1 sq. cm.!


You can get used to living at a nudist camp.
The first three days are the hardest.
		-- R. Dreiser


A stitch in time saves nine.


	"Hey, Sam, how about a loan?"
	"Whattaya need?"
	"Oh, about $500."
	"Whattaya got for collateral?"
	"Whattaya need?"
	"How about an eye?"
		-- Sam Giancana


