Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.
		-- Salvor Hardin, "Foundation"


After the last of 16 mounting screws has been removed from an access
cover, it will be discovered that the wrong access cover has been removed.


If you think the problem is bad now, just wait until we've solved it.
		-- Arthur Kasspe


There's a trick to the Graceful Exit.  It begins with the vision to
recognize when a job, a life stage, a relationship is over -- and to
let go.  It means leaving what's over without denying its validity
or its past importance in our lives.  It involves a sense of future,
a belief that every exit line is an entry, that we are moving on,
rather than out.  The trick of retiring well may be the trick of
living well.  It's hard to recognize that life isn't a holding
action, but a process.  It's hard to learn that we don't leave the
best parts of ourselves behind, back in the dugout or the office.
We own what we learned back there.  The experiences and the growth
are grafted onto our lives.  And when we exit, we can take ourselves
along -- quite gracefully.
		-- Ellen Goodman


So I'm ugly.  So what?  I never saw anyone hit with his face.
		-- Yogi Berra


He who hoots with owls by night cannot soar with eagles by day.


"Deep" is a word like "theory" or "semantic" -- it implies all sorts of
marvelous things.  It's one thing to be able to say "I've got a theory",
quite another to say "I've got a semantic theory", but, ah, those who can
claim "I've got a deep semantic theory", they are truly blessed.
		-- Randy Davis


Prisons are built with stones of Law, brothels with bricks of Religion.
		-- Blake


Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what do you say to a cold one?
Norm:  See you later, Vera, I'll be at Cheers.
		-- Cheers, Norm's Last Hurrah

Sam:	Well, look at you.  You look like the cat that
	swallowed the canary.
Norm:	And I need a beer to wash him down.
		-- Cheers, Norm's Last Hurrah

Woody:  Would you like a beer, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   No, I'd like a dead cat in a glass.
		-- Cheers, Little Carla, Happy at Last, Part 2


Democracy, n.:
	In which you say what you like and do what you're told.
		-- Gerald Barry

The difference between a Democracy and a Dictatorship is that in a
Democracy you vote first and take orders later; in a Dictatorship
you don't have to waste your time voting.
		-- Charles Bukowski


If you push the "extra ice" button on the soft drink vending machine,
you won't get any ice.  If you push the "no ice" button, you'll get
ice, but no cup.


Be different: conform.


Ever Onward!  Ever Onward!
We're bound for the top to never fall,
Right here and now we thankfully
Pledge sincerest loyalty
To the corporation that's the best of all
Our leaders we revere and while we're here,
Let's show the world just what we think of them!
So let us sing men -- Sing men
Once or twice, then sing again
For the Ever Onward IBM!
		-- Ever Onward, from the 1940 IBM Songbook


	America, Russia and Japan are sending up a two year shuttle mission
with one astronaut from each country.  Since it's going to be two long, lonely
years up there, each may bring any form of entertainment weighing 150 pounds
or less.  The American approaches the NASA board and asks to take his 125 lb.
wife. They approve.
	The Japanese astronaut says, "I've always wanted to learn Latin.  I
want 100 lbs. of textbooks."  The NASA board approves.  The Russian astronaut
thinks for a second and says, "Two years...  all right, I want 150 pounds of
the best Cuban cigars ever made."  Again, NASA okays it.
	Two years later, the shuttle lands and everyone is gathered outside
to welcome back the astronauts.  Well, it's obvious what the American's been
up to, he and his wife are each holding an infant.  The crowd cheers.  The
Japanese astronaut steps out and makes a 10 minute speech in absolutely
perfect Latin.  The crowd doesn't understand a word of it, but they're
impressed and they cheer again.  The Russian astronaut stomps out, clenches
the podium until his knuckles turn white, glares at the first row and
screams: "Anybody got a match?"


A pessimist is a man who has been compelled to live with an optimist.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


I can't quite put my finger on it, but something about you pisses me off.
		-- Peter Knight


There is no substitute for good manners, except, perhaps, fast reflexes.


If you're a young Mafia gangster out on your first date, I bet it's real
embarrassing if someone tries to kill you.
		-- Jack Handey


Better by far you should forget and
smile than that you should remember and be sad.
		-- Christina Rossetti


An idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it.


This "brain-damaged" epithet is getting sorely overworked.  When we can
speak of someone or something being flawed, impaired, marred, spoiled;
batty, bedlamite, bonkers, buggy, cracked, crazed, cuckoo, daft, demented,
deranged, loco, lunatic, mad, maniac, mindless, non compos mentis, nuts,
Reaganite, screwy, teched, unbalanced, unsound, witless, wrong;  senseless,
spastic, spasmodic, convulsive; doped, spaced-out, stoned, zonked;  {beef,
beetle,block,dung,thick}headed, dense, doltish, dull, duncical, numskulled,
pinhead;  asinine, fatuous, foolish, silly, simple;  brute, lumbering, oafish;
half-assed, incompetent; backward, retarded, imbecilic, moronic; when we have
a whole precisely nuanced vocabulary of intellectual abuse to draw upon,
individually and in combination, isn't it a little <fill in the blank> to be
limited to a single, now quite trite, adjective?


And now for something completely the same.


In Christianity neither morality nor religion come into contact with
reality at any point.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Some companies idea of playing ball is, you play ball with us,
and we'll stick the fucking bat up your ass.


X windows:
	We will dump no core before its time.
	One good crash deserves another.
	A bad idea whose time has come.  And gone.
	We make excuses.
	It didn't even look good on paper.
	You laugh now, but you'll be laughing harder later!
	A new concept in abuser interfaces.
	How can something get so bad, so quickly?
	It could happen to you.
	The art of incompetence.
	You have nothing to lose but your lunch.
	When uselessness just isn't enough.
	More than a mere hindrance.  It's a whole new barrier!
	When you can't afford to be right.
	And you thought we couldn't make it worse.

If it works, it isn't X windows.


Invest in physics -- own a piece of Dirac!


You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.


What the large print giveth, the small print taketh away.


In Oz, never say "krizzle kroo" to a Woozy.


If you are honest because honesty is the best policy,
your honesty is corrupt.


I go on working for the same reason a hen goes on laying eggs.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Cutler Webster's Law:
	There are two sides to every argument, unless a person
	is personally involved, in which case there is only one.


Romance, like alcohol, should be enjoyed, but should not be allowed to
become necessary.
		-- Edgar Friedenberg


Bucy's Law:
	Nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man.


You can't break eggs without making an omelet.


Phosflink, v.:
	To flick a bulb on and off when it burns out (as if, somehow,
	that will bring it back to life).
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Another greeting card category consists of those persons who send out
photographs of their families every year.  In the same mail that brought the
greetings from Marcia and Philip, my friend found such a conversation piece.
"My God, Lida is enormous!" she exclaimed.  I don't know why women want to
record each year, for two or three hundred people to see, the ravages wrought
upon them, their mates, and their progeny by the artillery of time, but
between five and seven per cent of Christmas cards, at a rough estimate, are
family groups, and even the most charitable recipient studies them for little
signs of dissolution or derangement.  Nothing cheers a woman more, I am afraid,
than the proof that another woman is letting herself go, or has lost control
of her figure, or is clearly driving her husband crazy, or is obviously
drinking more than is good for her, or still doesn't know what to wear.
Middle-aged husbands in such photographs are often described as looking
"young enough to be her son," but they don't always escape so easily, and a
couple opening envelopes in the season of mercy and good will sometimes handle
a male friend or acquaintance rather sharply.  "Good Lord!" the wife will say.
"Frank looks like a sex-crazed shotgun slayer, doesn't he?"  "Not to me," the
husband may reply.  "to me he looks more like a Wilkes-Barre dentist who is
being sought by the police in connection with the disappearance of a choir
singer."
		-- James Thurber, "Merry Christmas"


This yuppie, see, was in a car wreck.  His BMW was mangled, and so was he.
The paramedic was leaning over him getting his vitals, and all the yup
could groan was "My BMW!  My BMW!"
	The paramedic tried to quiet the man, pointing out that his car
wasn't his chief concern at the moment, especially as he'd been rearranged
pretty badly himself -- for example, his left arm was severed at the elbow
and was lying about twenty feet away.
	There was a moment of stunned silence from the yup followed by
"Oh no!  My Rolex!  My Rolex!"


Professor Gorden Newell threw another shutout in last week's Chem Eng. 130
midterm.  Once again a student did not receive a single point on his exam.
Newell has now tossed 5 shutouts this quarter.  Newell's earned exam average
has now dropped to a phenomenal 30%.


The primary function of the design engineer is to make things
difficult for the fabricator and impossible for the serviceman.


You will soon forget this.


Electrical Engineers do it with less resistance.


A kind of Batman of contemporary letters.
		-- Philip Larkin on Anthony Burgess


Californians are a strange people.  They'll put every chemical known to God
and man up their nostrils and then laugh at you for putting sugar in your
coffee.


Having discovered the possibility that other creatures could be used
for sexual intercourse, early man was likely to have made many such
attempts ... though it is doubtful that he was so sexually carnivorous
as the Christian and Jewish Adam, who, rabbinical interpreters of the
Old Testament tell us, had intercourse with every creature before God
finally hit upon the idea of woman and created Eve.
		-- R. E. Masters


Fog Lamps, n.:
	Excessively (often obnoxiously) bright lamps mounted on the fronts
	of automobiles; used on dry, clear nights to indicate that the
	driver's brain is in a fog.  See also "Idiot Lights".


Be careful when you bite into your hamburger.
		-- Derek Bok


Dear Emily, what about test messages?
		-- Concerned

Dear Concerned:
	It is important, when testing, to test the entire net.  Never test
merely a subnet distribution when the whole net can be done.  Also put "please
ignore" on your test messages, since we all know that everybody always skips
a message with a line like that.  Don't use a subject like "My sex is female
but I demand to be addressed as male." because such articles are read in depth
by all USEnauts.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette


Kill a commy for your mommy.


Hear about...
	the fellow who got ten years for pumping Ethyl behind the station?


Chicken Soup, n.:
	An ancient miracle drug containing equal parts of aureomycin,
	cocaine, interferon, and TLC.  The only ailment chicken soup
	can't cure is neurotic dependence on one's mother.
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


The porcupine with the sharpest quills gets stuck on a tree more
often.


The sun was shining brightly		The breeze was blowing briskly,
And I could hardly wait,		It made the flowers sway,
To ponder at my window			The garden was enchanting
And gaze at my estate.			On this inspiring day.

My eyes fell on a little bird,		I smiled at him cheerfully
With a beautiful yellow bill,		And gave him a crust of bread,
I beckoned him to come and light	And then I closed the window
Upon my window sill.			And smashed his fucking head.
		-- "Good Morning", Debbie Smith


Once harm has been done, even a fool understands it.
		-- Homer


If you had better tools, you could more
effectively demonstrate your total incompetence.


Her locks an ancient lady gave
Her loving husband's life to save;
And men -- they honored so the dame --
Upon some stars bestowed her name.

But to our modern married fair,
Who'd give their lords to save their hair,
No stellar recognition's given.
There are not stars enough in heaven.


Fortune's nomination for All-Time Champion and Protector of Youthful Morals
goes to Representative Clare E. Hoffman of Michigan.  During an impassioned
House debate over a proposed bill to "expand oyster and clam research," a
sharp-eared informant transcribed the following exchange between our hero
and Rep. John D. Dingell, also of Michigan.

Dingell: "There are places in the world at the present time where we are
	  having to artificially propagate oysters and clams."
Hoffman: "You mean the oysters I buy are not nature's oysters?"
Dingell: "They may or may not be natural.  The simple fact of the matter is
	  that female oysters through their living habits cast out large
	  amounts of seed and the male oysters cast out large amounts of
	  fertilization."
Hoffman: "Wait a minute!  I do not want to go into that.  There are many
	  teenagers who read The Congressional Record."


TRANSFER:
	A promotion you receive on the condition that you leave town.


Women treat us just as humanity treats its gods.  They worship
us and are always bothering us to do something for them.
		-- Wilde


I can't understand why a person will take a year or two to write a
novel when he can easily buy one for a few dollars.
		-- Fred Allen


	The new patron was amazed by the cleanliness of the restaurant.  A
waiter approached the table.  "Good afternoon, sir.  What may I serve you?"
	"I'll have the steak dinner," the man answered.
	As the waiter headed for the kitchen, the diner noticed that he
wore a spotless white apron and clean white gloves.  Soon the waiter
returned, bearing a casserole dish on a cart which he uncovered to reveal
two tempting filet mignons.  From a covered pocket in his apron he produced
a small pair of shining silver tongs and with them he transferred the meat
from the steaming casserole to the diner's plate.  "We never touch anything
with our hands," he explained.
	The waiter continued serving.  "Confidentially," he said, "we even
have a special set of rules about visiting the lavatory.  Do you see this
little piece of string attached to my apron?"
	"Yes," the diner replied.  "I noticed that all the aprons had one."
	The waiter put a large browned potato on the plate with his tongs.
"Well," he began, "if I should have to go to the bathroom, that string
comes in very handily.  I simply unzip my pants and take it out with that
piece of string.  That way everything stays sanitary."
	"But how do you put it back?"
	"Well, I don't know about the other guys," the waiter confided, "but
I use the tongs."


Your motives for doing whatever good deed you
may have in mind will be misinterpreted by somebody.


Who needs friends when you can sit alone in your room and drink?


71:
	69 with two fingers up your ass.
		-- George Carlin


Alex came home from a business trip to Chicago and found no one home but his
daughter Rose, who was crying bitterly.
	"What's the matter, darling?" asked Alex.
	"Mommy almost died last night," sobbed Rose.
	"That's nonsense," said the father.  "Why do you say that?"
	"Well," said Rose,"you always told us that when we die we'll see God;
so when I heard Mommy moaning last night I rushed to her bedroom and she was
screaming, "Oh God, here I come," and she would have but Uncle Jerry held her
down."


Necessity hath no law.
		-- Oliver Cromwell


Nobody loves me,
Everybody hates me,
I think I'll go out and eat worms.
I'm gonna cut their heads off,
Eat their insides out,
And throw way the skins.
Big, fat, juicy ones,
Little, skinny, cute ones,
Watch how they wiggle and they squirm.


Save the whales.  Club a seal instead.


While not actually a sailor, I certainly enjoy getting blown ashore.


Just remember: when you go to court, you are trusting your fate to
twelve people that weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty!


When I was crossing the border into Canada, they asked if
I had any firearms with me.  I said, "Well, what do you need?"
		-- Steven Wright


We boggies are a hairy folk		Ever hungry, ever thirsting,
Who like to eat until we choke.		Never stop till belly's bursting.
Loving all like friend and brother,	Chewing chop and pork and muttons,
And hardly ever eat each other.		A merry race of boring gluttons.

Sing: GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE.

Boggies gather 'round the table,	Anything edible, we've got dibs on,
Eat as much as you are able.		And hope we all die with our bibs on.
Gorge yourselves from moon till noon	Ever gay, we'll never grow up,
(Don't forget your plate and spoon.)	Come! And sing and play and throw-up!

Sing: GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE!
		-- Bored of the Rings, "The Hobbits National Anthem"


APPENDIX:
	A portion of a book, for which nobody yet has discovered any use.


You have all the characteristics of a popular politician:
a horrible voice, bad breeding, and a vulgar manner.
		-- Aristophanes


I'm going to Iowa for an award.  Then I'm appearing at Carnegie Hall,
it's sold out.  Then I'm sailing to France to be honored by the French
government -- I'd give it all up for one erection.
		-- Groucho Marx


	The Split-Atom Blues

Gimme Twinkies, gimme wine,
    Gimme jeans by Calvin Klein ...
But if you split those atoms fine,
    Mama keep 'em off those genes of mine!

Gimme zits, take my dough,
    Gimme arsenic in my jelly roll ...
Call the devil and sell my soul,
    But Mama keep dem atoms whole!
		-- Milo Bloom, "Bloom County"


The Kosher Dill was invented in 1723 by Joe Kosher and Sam Dill.  It is
the single most popular pickle variety today, enjoyed throughout the free
world by man, woman and child alike.  An astounding 350 billion kosher
dills are eaten each year, averaging out to almost 1/4 pickle per person
per day.  New York Times food critic Mimi Sheraton says "The kosher dill
really changed my life.  I used to enjoy eating McDonald's hamburgers and
drinking Iron City Lite, and then I encountered the kosher dill pickle.
I realized that there was far more to haute cuisine then I'd ever imagined.
And now, just look at me."


Blue paint today.
		[Funny to Jack Slingwine, Guy Harris and Hal Pierson.  Ed.]


They're just jealous because they don't have three
wise men and a virgin in the whole organization.
		-- Mayor Vincent J. "Buddy" Cianci, on the
		   ACLU's suit to have a city nativity scene removed.


Old Mother Hubbard lived in a shoe,
She had so many children,
She didn't know what to do.
So she moved to Atlanta.


When nothing can possibly go wrong, it will.


Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


There's nothing like a good dose of another woman to make a man
appreciate his wife.
		-- Clare Booth Luce


Hear about...
	the ambitious secretary who walked into her boss's office and
	demanded a salary on next week's advance?


For the next hour, WE will control all that you see and hear.


You will lose your present job and have to become a door to door
mayonnaise salesman.


Purpitation, v.:
	To take something off the grocery shelf, decide you
	don't want it, and then put it in another section.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


	Them Toad Suckers

How 'bout them toad suckers, ain't they clods?
Sittin' there suckin' them green toady frogs!

Suckin' them hop toads, suckin' them chunkers,
Suckin' them a leapy type, suckin' them flunkers.

Look at them toad suckers, ain't they snappy?
Suckin' them bog frogs sure make's 'em happy!

Them hugger mugger toad suckers, way down south,
Stickin' them sucky toads in they mouth!

How to be a toad sucker, no way to duck it,
Get yourself a toad, rear back, and suck it!
		-- Mason Williams


Don't kid yourself.  Little is relevant, and nothing lasts forever.


Q:	How many right-to-lifers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Two.  One to screw it in and one to say that light started when the
	screwing began.


When the salesman's car broke down, he walked to the nearest farmhouse to ask
if he could stay the night.  The farmer agreed to put him up.  "I live alone,"
he continued, "you can have the bedroom at the top of the stairs, to the
right."
	"Oh, never mind," the disappointed salesman said. "I think I'm in
the wrong joke."


	Lassie looked brilliant, in part because the farm family she
lived with was made up of idiots.  Remember?  One of them was always
getting pinned under the tractor, and Lassie was always rushing back to
the farmhouse to alert the other ones.  She'd whimper and tug at their
sleeves, and they'd always waste precious minutes saying things: "Do
you think something's wrong?  Do you think she wants us to follow her?
What is it, girl?", etc., as if this had never happened before, instead
of every week.  What with all the time these people spent pinned under
the tractor, I don't see how they managed to grow any crops whatsoever.
They probably got by on federal crop supports, which Lassie filed the
applications for.
		-- Dave Barry


Do unto others before they undo you.


Nothing is finished until the paperwork is done.


QOTD:
	"I'll listen to reason when it comes out on CD."


Don't just eat a hamburger; eat the HELL out of it.
		-- J. R. "Bob" Dobbs


Nothing cures insomnia like the realization that it's time to get up.


Identify your visitor.


Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Ether!  (ether who?)  Eather Bunny... Yea!
[chorus]
	Yeay!
	Stay on the Happy side, always on the happy side,
	Stay on the Happy side of life!
	Bum bum bum bum bum bum
	You will feel no pain, as we drive you insane,
	So Stay on the Happy Side of life!

Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Anna!  (anna who?)
	An another eather bunny... [chorus]
Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Stilla!  (stilla who?)
	Still another ether bunny... [chorus]
Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Yetta!  (yetta who?)
	Yet another ether bunny... [chorus]
Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Cargo!  (cargo who?)
	Cargo beep beep and run over eather bunny... [chorus]
Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Boo!  (boo who?)
	Don't Cry!  Eather bunny be back next year! [chorus]


You can observe a lot just by watching.
		-- Yogi Berra


The unfacts, did we have them, are too
imprecisely few to warrant out certitude.


The sun never sets on those who ride into it.
		-- RKO


User friendly software searching for friendly Hardware to interface with.
Hardware may present itself in floppy format as software has capability to
upgrading same to full size firm.  Size is not all that important; but byte
sized bandwidth required -- header width is of more concern.  Joystick should
be able to toggle in different speeds and for some duration.  Software is
looking for system willing to perform intensive manipulation of keyboard as
well as preparing the mainframe and disk drives.  Fingering of all files
permitted, and encouraged, before thrusting joystick into drive.  Software
is programmed not to copy; there is no need for removing joystick before
completed execution of program.  Program may be run several times per day...
especially if special features and options are utilized.


QOTD:
	"I won't say he's unsavory, but for his birthday he bought himself
	a pair of velcro gloves."


	Phases of a Project:
(1)	Exultation.
(2)	Disenchantment.
(3)	Confusion.
(4)	Search for the Guilty.
(5)	Punishment for the Innocent.
(6)	Distinction for the Uninvolved.


Now I lay me down to sleep,
I pray the Lord my soul to keep,
If I should die before I wake,
I'll cry in anguish, "Mistake!!  Mistake!!"


Humanity has advanced, when it has advanced, not because it has been sober,
responsible, and cautious, but because it has been playful, rebellious, and
immature.
		-- Tom Robbins


Everyone who comes in here wants three things:
	1. They want it quick.
	2. They want it good.
	3. They want it cheap.
I tell 'em to pick two and call me back.
		-- sign on the back wall of a small printing company


At work, the authority of a person is inversely proportional to the
number of pens that person is carrying.


Personifiers of the world, unite!
You have nothing to lose but Mr. Dignity!
		-- Bernadette Bosky


Advertising is the rattling of a stick inside a swill bucket.
		-- George Orwell


Once I belonged to a group that really had THE WORD.  I fought like hell
for them.  But another group came along and exposed the word of my group
as shallow and degenerate.  They had a better word.  So I quit the first
group and lost all the friends I had made and I joined up with this new
group.  I fought like hell for them.  But another group came around.  They
exposed the word of my group as false and materialistic.  Their word was
very much better.  So I quit the second group and lost all the friends I
had made.  And I joined up with this new group.  I fought like hell for them.
Till this one guy came along and proved that there wasn't any word at all.
That I should go off as an individual and grow!  So I quit the last group
and lost all the friends I had made.  And now I sit home alone all day and
all I do is grow.  It would be nice to join up with some others who feel
the way I do.
		-- J. Feiffer


	A ten-year-old kid came home from school one day, and when his mom
asked how was school he says: "Gee, great, mom.  I got laid!"
	She's shocked and sends him upstairs, where his dad finds him after
work.  "Mommy told me about your day at school, Billy, and I think we men
should keep it a secret.  Women just don't understand these things."
	So every night Dad goes up to Billy's room after Mom tucks him in:
"You get laid today, Billy?"
	"Yeah, Dad."
	"How was it?"
	"Real neat, Dad, I liked it a lot."
	"Good Boy!".
	A month later: "You get laid today?"
	"No, Dad."
	"No?  How come?"
	"Gee, Dad, my ass is getting really sore."


I love to eat them Smurfies
Smurfies what I love to eat
Bite they ugly heads off,
Nibble on they bluish feet.


One seldom sees a monument to a committee.


Science! true daughter of Old Time thou art!
Who alterest all things with thy peering eyes.
Why preyest thou thus upon the poet's heart,
Vulture, whose wings are dull realities?
How should he love thee? or how deem thee wise?
Who wouldst not leave him in his wandering
To seek for treasure in the jewelled skies,
Albeit he soared with an undaunted wing?
Hast thou not dragged Diana from her car?
And driven the Hamadryad from the wood
To seek a shelter in some happier star?
Hast thou not torn the Naiad from her flood,
The Elfin from the green grass, and from me
The summer dream beneath the tamarind tree?
		-- Edgar Allan Poe, "Science, a Sonnet"


You are sick, twisted and perverted.
I like that in a person.


If all men were brothers, would you let one marry your sister?


Serving coffee on an aircraft causes turbulence.


QOTD:
	"Money isn't everything, but at least it keeps the kids in touch."


The time spent on any item of the agenda [of a finance
committee] will be in inverse proportion to the sum involved.
		-- C. N. Parkinson


A cynic is a person searching for an honest man, with a stolen lantern.
		-- Edgar A. Shoaff


Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be President, but they
don't want them to become politicians in the process.
		-- John F. Kennedy


Love at first sight is one of the greatest
labor-saving devices the world has ever seen.


Legalize free-enterprise murder: why should governments have all the
fun?


Boy!  Eucalyptus!


This is the sort of English up with which I will not put.
		-- Winston Churchill


TRUST ME:
	Translation of the Latin "caveat emptor."


Dungeons and Dragons is just a lot of Saxon Violence.


A woman who is guided by the head and not by the heart is a social
pestilence: she has all the defects of the passionate and affectionate
woman, with none of her compensations; she is without pity, without
love, without virtue, without sex.
		-- Honore de Balzac


Optimist, n.:
	A proponent of the belief that black is white.

	A pessimist asked God for relief.
	"Ah, you wish me to restore your hope and cheerfulness," said God.
	"No," replied the petitioner, "I wish you to create something that
would justify them."
	"The world is all created," said God, "but you have overlooked
something -- the mortality of the optimist."
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


[The French Riviera is] a sunny place for shady people.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham


Only the hypocrite is really rotten to the core.
		-- Hannah Arendt


Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


DISCLAIMER:
Use of this advanced computing technology does not imply
an endorsement of Western industrial civilization.


Every man who is high up likes to think that he has done
it all himself, and the wife smiles and lets it go at that.
		-- Barrie


The good doctor had been an inspiration to the jungle natives.  He had cured
their sick and taught them the religious and moral values of his own England.
He was loved and respected by every native in the village, but on this
particular afternoon the chief was obviously troubled as he entered the
doctor's hut.  "You live among my people long time now," said the chief.
"You tell us not right for a man and girl to be close together before
marriage and we believe what you say.  This morning white child born to
woman in village.  You only white man in jungle.  What I tell my people?"
	The doctor smiled and led the chief to a window.  "My son," he said,
"I'll won't attempt to give you a full scientific explanation for the
phenomenon known as an albino.  But look at the flock of sheep upon that
hill.  Every one is snow white except one.  The white baby born to the
woman in your village means nothing more or less than that one black sheep
in the white flock.  It is simply one of nature's mysterious accidents."
	The black chief became embarrassed and looked at his feet. "OK, doc,"
he said.  "You no tell -- I no tell."


An Aggie farmer was lifting his hogs, one by one, up to the branches of
his apple trees to graze on the apples.  A Texas student walked by and
asked him, "Doesn't that take a lot of time?"
	Replied the Aggie, "What's time to a hog?"


Q:	What is it that a cow has four of and a woman has two of?
A:	Feet.


Ever Onward!  Ever Onward!
We're bound for the top to never fall,
Right here and now we thankfully
Pledge sincerest loyalty
To the corporation that's the best of all
Our leaders we revere and while we're here,
Let's show the world just what we think of them!
So let us sing men -- Sing men
Once or twice, then sing again
For the Ever Onward IBM!
		-- Ever Onward, from the 1940 IBM Songbook


