For every credibility gap, there is a gullibility fill.
		-- R. Clopton


Even if you persuade me, you won't persuade me.
		-- Aristophanes


If the aborigine drafted an IQ test, all of Western civilization would
presumably flunk it.
		-- Stanley Garn


Usage: fortune -P [] -a [xsz] [Q: [file]] [rKe9] -v6[+] dataspec ... inputdir


No self-respecting fish would want to be wrapped in that kind of
paper.
		-- Mike Royko on the Chicago Sun-Times after it was
		   taken over by Rupert Murdoch


The pitcher wound up and he flang the ball at the batter.  The batter swang
and missed.  The pitcher flang the ball again and this time the batter
connected.  He hit a high fly right to the center fielder. The center
fielder was all set to catch the ball, but at the last minute his eyes were
blound by the sun and he dropped it.
		-- Dizzy Dean


Never trust a computer you can't repair yourself.


Actors will happen even in the best-regulated families.


...and report cards I was always afraid to show
Mama'd come to school
and as I'd sit there softly cryin'
Teacher'd say he's just not tryin'
Got a good head if he'd apply it
but you know yourself
it's always somewhere else
I'd build me a castle
with dragons and kings
and I'd ride off with them
As I stood by my window
and looked out on those
Brooklyn roads
		-- Neil Diamond, "Brooklyn Roads"


Suggest you just sit there and wait till life gets easier.


Anything that is good and useful is made of chocolate.


A [golf] ball hitting a tree shall be deemed not to have hit the tree.
Hitting a tree is simply bad luck and has no place in a scientific game.
The player should estimate the distance the ball would have traveled if it
had not hit the tree and play the ball from there, preferably atop a nice
firm tuft of grass.
		-- Donald A. Metz


Since everything in life is but an experience perfect in being what it is,
having nothing to do with good or bad, acceptance or rejection, one may well
burst out in laughter.
		-- Long Chen Pa


How can you prove whether at this moment we are sleeping, and all our
thoughts are a dream; or whether we are awake, and talking to one another
in the waking state?
		-- Plato


It is the business of the future to be dangerous.
		-- Hawkwind


Lucy:	Dance, dance, dance.  That is all you ever do.
	Can't you be serious for once?
Snoopy: She is right!  I think I had better think
	of the more important things in life!
	(pause)
	Tomorrow!!


This hot and dusty cowboy rode in from the mesa, filthy and exhausted.  He
obviously had had nothing but his horse for company for a couple of weeks
and was looking forward to a couple of cold beers in the saloon.  Swinging
off his horse and hitching it to the rail, the cowboy gave his horse an
affectionate slap on the neck.  Then he astonished an old cowhand lounging
on the porch by moving around to the horse's hindquarters, lifting up its
tail and planting a demure kiss on its asshole.
	"What'd you do that for?" asked the cowhand, completely repulsed.
	"Chapped lips," said the cowboy, heading for the saloon doors.
	"Wait a minute," said the old guy.  "Whaddaya mean, chapped lips?"
	"Keeps ya from lickin' 'em," explained the cowboy.


If people see that you mean them no harm,
they'll never hurt you, nine times out of ten!


Oreo


The first time, it's a KLUDGE!
The second, a trick.
Later, it's a well-established technique!
		-- Mike Broido, Intermetrics


Life being what it is, one dreams of revenge.
		-- Paul Gauguin


One seldom sees a monument to a committee.


My cup hath runneth'd over with love.


I'd like to meet the guy who invented beer and see what he's working on now.


Many people feel that if you won't let
them make you happy, they'll make you suffer.


Well buggered was a boy named Delpasse
By all of the lads in his class
	He said, with a yawn,
	"Now the novelty's gone
And it's only a pain in the ass."


Smile!  You're on Candid Camera.


Useful Farsi phrases for Americans traveling to Iran:

AUTO ARRAREGH DAVATEMAN MANO SEPAHEH-HAST.
	It is exceptionally kind of you to allow me to
	travel in the trunk of your car.

FASHAL-EH TUPEHMAN NA DEGAT MANO
GOFTAM CHEESHAYEH MOHEMA RAJEBEH KESHVAREHMAN.
	If you will do me the kindness of not harming my genital
	appendages I will gladly reciprocate by betraying my
	country in public.

KHREL, JEPAHEH MANEH VA JAYEH AMRIKAHEY.
	I will tell you the names and addresses of
	many American spies traveling as reporters.


His eyes were cold.  As cold as the bitter winter snow that was falling
outside.  Yes, cold and therefore difficult to chew...


What is research but a blind date with knowledge?
		-- Will Harvey


God is a polytheist.


I have often looked at women and committed adultery in my heart.
		-- Jimmy Carter


We all know that no one understands anything that isn't funny.


Yes, I've now got this nice little apartment in New York, one of those
L-shaped ones.  Unfortunately, it's a lower case l.
		-- Rita Rudner


Dear Ann Landers:
	My husband watches the TV preachers every Sunday.  He claims
one minister said there are 350 different sins.  My husband wants to
know if you can get the list.  He thinks he is missing something.
		-- E.J. Mayfield


Rule of Life #1 -- Never get separated from your luggage.


What!?  Me worry?
		-- A. E. Neuman


I distrust a man who says when.  If he's got to be careful not to drink
too much, it's because he's not to be trusted when he does.
		-- Sidney Greenstreet, "The Maltese Falcon"


Money and women are the most sought after and the least known of any two
things we have.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


If you learn one useless thing every day, in a single year you'll learn
365 useless things.


System/3!  System/3!
See how it runs! See how it runs!
	Its monitor loses so totally!
	It runs all its programs in RPG!
	It's made by our favorite monopoly!
System/3!


The ecumenical movement has reached a milestone with the agreement on the
text of the first Jewish-Catholic prayer -- one that begins "Oy vay, Maria".


The salary of the chief executive of the large corporation is not a market
award for achievement.  It is frequently in the nature of a warm personal
gesture by the individual to himself.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith, "Annals of an Abiding Liberal"


Mother told me to be good, but she's been wrong before.


The devil finds work for idle glands.


A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the word you first
thought of.
		-- Burt Bacharach


Q:	How many elephants can you fit in a VW Bug?
A:	Four.  Two in the front, two in the back.

Q:	How can you tell if an elephant is in your refrigerator?
A:	There's a footprint in the mayo.

Q:	How can you tell if two elephants are in your refrigerator?
A:	There's two footprints in the mayo.

Q:	How can you tell if three elephants are in your refrigerator?
A:	The door won't shut.

Q:	How can you tell if four elephants are in your refrigerator?
A:	There's a VW Bug in your driveway.


Tact is the ability to tell a man he has
an open mind when he has a hole in his head.


Any girl can be glamorous; all you have to do is stand still and look
stupid.
		-- Hedy Lamarr


The day after tomorrow is the third day of the rest of your life.


Do you know the difference between education and experience?  Education
is when you read the fine print; experience is what you get when you don't.
		-- Pete Seeger


What you see is from outside yourself, and may come, or not, but is beyond
your control.  But your fear is yours, and yours alone, like your voice, or
your fingers, or your memory, and therefore yours to control.  If you feel
powerless over your fear, you have not yet admitted that it is yours, to do
with as you will.
		-- Marion Zimmer Bradley, "Stormqueen"


	A shy teenage boy finally worked up the nerve to give a gift to
Madonna, a young puppy.  It hitched its waggin' to a star.
	A girl spent a couple hours on the phone talking to her two best
friends, Maureen Jones, and Maureen Brown.  When asked by her father why she
had been on the phone so long, she responded "I heard a funny story today
and I've been telling it to the Maureens."
	Three actors, Tom, Fred, and Cec, wanted to do the jousting scene
from Don Quixote for a local TV show.  "I'll play the title role," proposed
Tom.  "Fred can portray Sancho Panza, and Cecil B. De Mille."


Every dog has its day, but the nights belong to the pussycats.


Which is worse: ignorance or apathy?  Who knows?  Who cares?


A clash of doctrine is not a disaster - it is an opportunity.


Language is a virus from another planet.
		-- William Burroughs


Job Placement, n.:
	Telling your boss what he can do with your job.


Don't worry over what other people are thinking about you.
They're too busy worrying over what you are thinking about them.


A man is known by the company he organizes.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


In the olden days in England, you could be hung for stealing a sheep or a
loaf of bread.  However, if a sheep stole a loaf of bread and gave it to
you, you would only be tried for receiving, a crime punishable by forty
lashes with the cat or the dog, whichever was handy.  If you stole a dog
and were caught, you were punished with twelve rabbit punches, although it
was hard to find rabbits big enough or strong enough to punch you.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


In this vale
Of toil and sin
Your head grows bald
But not your chin.
		-- Burma Shave


The good (I am convinced, for one)
Is but the bad one leaves undone.
Once your reputation's done
You can live a life of fun.
		-- Wilhelm Busch


It's the same old story; boy meets beer, boy drinks beer...
boy gets another beer.
		-- Cheers


Necessity is the mother of strange bedfellows.
Watch who you sleep with.


Life sucks, but death doesn't put out at all.
		-- Thomas J. Kopp


The Fifth Rule:
	You have taken yourself too seriously.


There is no delight the equal of dread.
As long as it is somebody else's.
		-- Clive Barker


After the last of 16 mounting screws has been removed from an access
cover, it will be discovered that the wrong access cover has been removed.


Man's lust for a bust is hardly recent,
Some say not even indecent.
But if you lust,
It's a must!


My darling wife was always glum.
I drowned her in a cask of rum,
And so made sure that she would stay
In better spirits night and day.


Heisenberg may have done it.


Massachusetts has the best politicians money can buy.


I don't care where I sit as long as I get fed.
		-- Calvin Trillin


Obviously, a major malfunction has occurred.
		-- Steve Nesbitt, voice of Mission Control, January 28,
		   1986, as the shuttle Challenger exploded within view
		   of the grandstands.


If just one piece of mail gets lost, well, they'll just think they forgot to
send it.  But if *two* pieces of mail get lost, hell, they'll just think the
other guy hasn't gotten around to answering his mail.  And if *fifty* pieces
of mail get lost, can you imagine it, if *fifty* pieces of mail get lost, why
they'll think something *else* is broken!  And if 1Gb of mail gets lost,
they'll just *know* that uunet is down and think it's a conspiracy to keep
them from their God given right to receive Net Mail ...
		-- Leith (Casey) Leedom, apologies to Arlo Guthrie


Basic is a high level languish.
APL is a high level anguish.


The mark of a good party is that you wake up the next morning
wanting to change your name and start a new life in different city.
		-- Vance Bourjaily, "Esquire"


There *is* no such thing as a civil engineer.


New York-- to that tall skyline I come
Flyin' in from London to your door
New York-- lookin' down on Central Park
Where they say you should not wander after dark.
New York.
		-- Simon and Garfunkel


: is not an identifier


What really shapes and conditions and makes us is somebody only a few
of us ever have the courage to face:  and that is the child you once
were, long before formal education ever got its claws into you -- that
impatient, all-demanding child who wants love and power and can't get
enough of either and who goes on raging and weeping in your spirit
till at last your eyes are closed and all the fools say, "Doesn't he
look peaceful?"  It is those pent-up, craving children who make all
the wars and all the horrors and all the art and all the beauty and
discovery in life, because they are trying to achieve what lay beyond
their grasp before they were five years old.
		-- Robertson Davies, "The Rebel Angels"


Bombeck's Rule of Medicine:
	Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.


Your lucky number is 3552664958674928.
Watch for it everywhere.


You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.


Look out!  Behind you!


There is no point in waiting.
The train stopped running years ago.
All the schedules, the brochures,
The bright-colored posters full of lies,
Promise rides to a distant country
That no longer exists.


Better to be nouveau than never to have been riche at all.


You always have the option of pitching baseballs at empty
spray paint cans in a cul-de-sac in a Cleveland suburb.


I don't drink, I don't like it, it makes me feel too good.
		-- K. Coates


UNIX was not designed to stop you from doing stupid things, because that
would also stop you from doing clever things.
		-- Doug Gwyn


prototype, n.
	First stage in the life cycle of a computer product, followed by
	pre-alpha, alpha, beta, release version, corrected release version,
	upgrade, corrected upgrade, etc.  Unlike its successors, the
	prototype is not expected to work.


Save gas, don't use the shell.


The Sixth Commandment of Frisbee:
	The greatest single aid to distance is for the disc to be going
in a direction you did not want.  (Goes the wrong way = Goes a long
way.)
		-- Dan Roddick


Didja hear about the dyslexic devil worshiper who sold his soul to Santa?


My philosophy is: Don't think.
		-- Charles Manson


QOTD:
	"No, honey, I've never been circumsized;
		it's simply wear and tear."


An age is called Dark not because the light fails to shine, but because
people refuse to see it.
		-- James Michener, "Space"


Your mode of life will be changed for
the better because of good news soon.


Computer Science is the only discipline in which we view
adding a new wing to a building as being maintenance
		-- Jim Horning


Q:	What goes red, white, red, white, pink, pink, pink?
A:	Baby in a blender.

Q:	Why do you put a baby in a blender feet first?
A:	So you can watch the expression on its little face.


You or I must yield up his life to Ahrimanes.  I would rather it were
you.  I should have no hesitation in sacrificing my own life to spare
yours, but we take stock next week, and it would not be fair on the
company.
		-- J. Wellington Wells


Although the moon is smaller than the earth, it is farther away.


"Speak, thou vast and venerable head," muttered Ahab, "which, though
ungarnished with a beard, yet here and there lookest hoary with mosses; speak,
mighty head, and tell us the secret thing that is in thee.  Of all divers,
thou has dived the deepest.  That head upon which the upper sun now gleams has
moved amid the world's foundations.  Where unrecorded names and navies rust,
and untold hopes and anchors rot; where in her murderous hold this frigate
earth is ballasted with bones of millions of the drowned; there, in that awful
water-land, there was thy most familiar home.  Thou hast been where bell or
diver never went; has slept by many a sailer's side, where sleepless mothers
would give their lives to lay them down.  Thou saw'st the locked lovers when
leaping from their flaming ship; heart to heart they sank beneath the exulting
wave; true to each other, when heaven seemed false to them.  Thou saw'st the
murdered mate when tossed by pirates from the midnight deck; for hours he fell
into the deeper midnight of the insatiate maw; and his murderers still sailed
on unharmed -- while swift lightnings shivered the neighboring ship that would
have borne a righteous husband to outstretched, longing arms.  O head! thou has
seen enough to split the planets and make an infidel of Abraham, and not one
syllable is thine!"
		-- H. Melville, "Moby Dick"


Q:	Why are Jewish divorces so expensive?
A:	Because they're worth it!


