Q:	How do you catch a unique rabbit?
A:	Unique up on it!

Q:	How do you catch a tame rabbit?
A:	The tame way!


All religions issue Bibles against Satan, and say the most
injurious things against him, but we never hear his side.
		-- Mark Twain


This fortune is encrypted -- get your decoder rings ready!


FORTUNE TESTS THE GREAT MANAGERS: #9

You are making a sales presentation to a group of corporate executives
in the plushest office you've ever seen.  The enchilada casserole and
egg salad sandwich you had for lunch react, creating severe pressure.
Your sphincter loses control and you break wind, causing the glass
bookcase doors to shatter and a secretary to pass out.  You:

	(a) Offer to come back next week when the smell has gone away.
	(b) Point to the Chief Executive and accuse him of the offense.
	(c) Challenge anyone in the room to do better.


Support your local Search and Rescue unit -- get lost.


We don't need no indirection		We don't need no compilation
We don't need no flow control		We don't need no load control
No data typing or declarations		No link edit for external bindings
Hey! did you leave the lists alone?	Hey! did you leave that source alone?
Chorus:					(Chorus)
	Oh No. It's just a pure LISP function call.

We don't need no side-effecting		We don't need no allocation
We don't need no flow control		We don't need no special-nodes
No global variables for execution	No dark bit-flipping for debugging
Hey! did you leave the args alone?	Hey! did you leave those bits alone?
(Chorus)				(Chorus)
		-- "Another Glitch in the Call", a la Pink Floyd


I found Rome a city of bricks and left it a city of marble.
		-- Augustus Caesar


	"In this replacement Earth we're building they've given me Africa
to do and of course I'm doing it with all fjords again because I happen to
like them, and I'm old-fashioned enough to think that they give a lovely
baroque feel to a continent.  And they tell me it's not equatorial enough.
Equatorial!"  He gave a hollow laugh.  "What does it matter?  Science has
achieved some wonderful things, of course, but I'd far rather be happy than
right any day."
	"And are you?"
	"No.  That's where it all falls down, of course."
	"Pity," said Arthur with sympathy.  "It sounded like quite a good
life-style otherwise."
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


One meets his destiny often on the road he takes to avoid it.


Do you want to know what's ahead for you, in your happiness at home,
your business success?  Here's a telling test: Look in the mirror.  Is
your skin smooth and lovely, your hair gleaming, your make-up glamorous?
Are you slender enough for your height?  Do you stand erect, confident?
Yes?  Then you are on your way to success as a woman.
		-- Ladies' Home Journal, 1947 advertisement


Q:	What do you call a brunette between two blondes?
A:	An interpreter.

Q:	Why do blondes have square breasts?
A:	They forgot to take the tissues out of the box.

Q:	What do you call ten blonds in a row?
A:	A wind tunnel.


America works less, when you say "Union Yes!"


In case of atomic attack, all work rules will be temporarily suspended.


Seems this fellow was suffering from terrific headaches, and went to his
doctor about it. The physician made a number of tests, and informed the man
that the only thing for his headaches was castration.  After a few more
months, the headaches became so intense that the man agreed to the operation.
Naturally enough, the ruination of his sex life depressed him tremendously,
and he decided to purchase a new wardrobe to make himself feel better.
He enters a men's clothing store and a salesman wanders over, looks him
up and down, and says, "Well, let's start with shirts... 15 neck, 34 sleeve."
	The guy is amazed.  "How'd you know?"
	"Well, I've been here nearly 30 years, and I can tell sizes within
a quarter inch on every piece of clothing."  The salesman's claim is borne
out.  Slacks, 34 waist, 32 inseam; jacket: 42 long.  And so on and so forth.
When the man has been completely outfitted he decides that he'd better buy
some new underwear.
	The salesman looks at him and says, "Okay, that'll be a 34."
	"No, that's wrong," says the man.  "I've always worn a 32."  The
salesman insists, pointing out his accuracy so far.  The man argues, agreeing
that while he's been right so far, he has always worn a 32 in shorts.
	Finally in exasperation, the salesman says, "Listen, I tell you,
you *have* to wear a 34.  Otherwise, you'll get these *awful* headaches."


The Worst Lines of Verse
For a start, we can rule out James Grainger's promising line:
	"Come, muse, let us sing of rats."
Grainger (1721-67) did not have the courage of his convictions and deleted
these words on discovering that his listeners dissolved into spontaneous
laughter the instant they were read out.
	No such reluctance afflicted Adam Lindsay Gordon (1833-70) who was
inspired by the subject of war.
	"Flash! flash! bang! bang! and we blazed away,
	And the grey roof reddened and rang;
	Flash! flash! and I felt his bullet flay
	The tip of my ear.  Flash! bang!"
By contrast, Cheshire cheese provoked John Armstrong (1709-79):
	"... that which Cestria sends, tenacious paste of solid milk..."
While John Bidlake was guided by a compassion for vegetables:
	"The sluggard carrot sleeps his day in bed,
	The crippled pea alone that cannot stand."
George Crabbe (1754-1832) wrote:
	"And I was ask'd and authorized to go
	To seek the firm of Clutterbuck and Co."
William Balmford explored the possibilities of religious verse:
	"So 'tis with Christians, Nature being weak
	While in this world, are liable to leak."
And William Wordsworth showed that he could do it if he really tried when
describing a pond:
	"I've measured it from side to side;
	Tis three feet long and two feet wide."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Why be difficult, when, with just a
little more effort, you can be impossible?


Engineering:	"How will this work?"
Science:	"Why will this work?"
Management:	"When will this work?"
Liberal Arts:	"Do you want fries with that?"


Ambition, n.:
	An ant crawling up an elephant's leg with rape on his mind.


One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
		-- Helen Keller


Let sleeping dogs lie.
		-- Charles Dickens


Mr. Rockford?  This is Betty Joe Withers.  I got four shirts of yours from
the Bo Peep Cleaners by mistake.  I don't know why they gave me men's
shirts but they're going back.


Speaking of Godzilla and other things that convey horror:

	With a purposeful grimace and a Mongo-like flair
	He throws the spinning disk drives in the air!
	And he picks up a Vax and he throws it back down
	As he wades through the lab making terrible sounds!
	Helpless users with projects due
	Scream "My God!" as he stomps on the tape drives, too!

	Oh, no!  He says Unix runs too slow!  Go, go, DECzilla!
	Oh, yes!  He's gonna bring up VMS!  Go, go, DECzilla!"

* VMS is a trademark of Digital Equipment Corporation
* DECzilla is a trademark of Hollow Chocolate Bunnies of Death, Inc.
		-- Curtis Jackson


Shhh... be vewy, vewy, quiet!  I'm hunting wabbits...


You don't have to know how the computer
works, just how to work the computer.


That boy's about as sharp as a pound of wet liver.
		-- Foghorn Leghorn


Blinding speed can compensate for a lot of deficiencies.
		-- David Nichols


I read Playboy for the same reason I read National Geographic.
To see the sights I'm never going to visit.


You had mail, but the super-user read it, and deleted it!


Did you hear about the new sorority girl doll?
You put a ring on her finger and her hips expand.


When the blind lead the blind they will both fall over the cliff.
		-- Chinese proverb


All the men on my staff can type.
		-- Bella Abzug


... which reminds me of the Carrot family: Ma Carrot, Pa Carrot, and Baby
Carrot.  One fine spring day they decided to go out for a picnic.  They all
piled into their carrot-mobile and drive out to the country.  But Pa Carrot
wasn't watching where he was going and alas, he hit an oil slick and skidded
right into a tree.  Ma and Pa Carrot escaped with a few cuts and bruises, but
poor Baby Carrot got broken in two.  They frantically rushed him to the
hospital and immediately the doctors started operating in a desperate attempt
to save Baby Carrot's life.  Ma and Pa Carrot were beside themselves with
anxiety ... would poor little Baby Carrot make it?
	After hours of waiting the doctor finally emerges, bleary-eyed and
barely able to walk.
	"Is he all right, is he all right?" Pa Carrot frantically stammers.
	"Well, I have some good news and some bad news," replies the doctor.
	Ma and Pa Carrot look at each other and blurt out, nearly in unison,
"The good news first!"
	"All right, the good news is that Baby Carrot will live."
	"And the bad news?  What's the bad news about our Baby Carrot?"
The doctor puts his hand on Pa Carrot's shoulder and solemnly looks him in
the eye.  "Your son will live... but... he'll be a vegetable for the rest of
his life."


How many priests are needed for a Boston Mass?


Life is like a sewer.
What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
		-- Tom Lehrer


I began many years ago, as so many young men do, in searching for the
perfect woman.  I believed that if I looked long enough, and hard enough,
I would find her and then I would be secure for life.  Well, the years
and romances came and went, and I eventually ended up settling for someone
a lot less than my idea of perfection.  But one day, after many years
together, I lay there on our bed recovering from a slight illness.  My
wife was sitting on a chair next to the bed, humming softly and watching
the late afternoon sun filtering through the trees.  The only sounds to
be heard elsewhere were the clock ticking, the kettle downstairs starting
to boil, and an occasional schoolchild passing beneath our window.  And
as I looked up into my wife's now wrinkled face, but still warm and
twinkling eyes, I realized something about perfection...  It comes only
with time.
		-- James L. Collymore, "Perfect Woman"


The Lord prefers common-looking people.  That is the reason that He makes
so many of them.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Children's talent to endure stems from their ignorance of alternatives.
		-- Maya Angelou, "I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings"


Excellent time to become a missing person.


For example, if \thinmskip = 3mu, this makes \thickmskip = 6mu.  But if
you also want to use \skip12 for horizontal glue, whether in math mode or
not, the amount of skipping will be in points (e.g., 6pt).  The rule is
that glue in math mode varies with the size only when it is an \mskip;
when moving between an mskip and ordinary skip, the conversion factor
1mu=1pt is always used.  The meaning of '\mskip\skip12' and
'\baselineskip=\the\thickmskip' should be clear.
		-- Donald E. Knuth, TeX 82 -- Comparison with TeX80


On Thanksgiving Day all over America, families sit down to dinner at the
same moment -- halftime.


If a thing's worth doing, it is worth doing badly.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


A traveling salesman was driving past a farm when he saw a pig with three
wooden legs executing a magnificent series of backflips and cartwheels.
Intrigued, he drove up to the farmhouse, where he found an old farmer
sitting in the yard watching the pig.
	"That's quite a pig you have there, sir" said the salesman.
	"Sure is, son," the farmer replied.  "Why, two years ago, my daughter
was swimming in the lake and bumped her head and damned near drowned, but that
pig swam out and dragged her back to shore."
	"Amazing!"  the salesman exclaimed.
	"And that's not the only thing.  Last fall I was cuttin' wood up on
the north forty when a tree fell on me.  Pinned me to the ground, it did.
That pig run up and wiggled underneath that tree and lifted it off of me.
Saved my life."
	"Fantastic!  the salesman said.  But tell me, how come the pig has
three wooden legs?"
	The farmer stared at the newcomer in amazement.  "Mister, when you
got an amazin' pig like that, you don't eat him all at once."


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(27) Soviet leaders were actually left-wing dictators.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


	"But Huey, you PROMISED!"
	"Tell 'em I lied."


A total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but abstention,
and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
Therefore, a man without a woman is like a bicycle without a fish.


Science and religion are in full accord but
science and faith are in complete discord.


Women treat us just as humanity treats its gods.  They worship
us and are always bothering us to do something for them.
		-- Wilde


We're constantly being bombarded by insulting and humiliating music, which
people are making for you the way they make those Wonder Bread products.
Just as food can be bad for your system, music can be bad for your spiritual
and emotional feelings.  It might taste good or clever, but in the long run,
it's not going to do anything for you.
		-- Bob Dylan, "LA Times", September 5, 1984


Money isn't everything -- but it's a long way ahead of what comes next.
		-- Sir Edmond Stockdale


So, if there's no God, who changes the water?
		-- New Yorker cartoon of two goldfish in a bowl


Grain grows best in shit.
		-- Ursula K. LeGuin


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"Let the programmer be many and the managers few -- then all will
	be productive."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Do not drink coffee in early A.M.  It will keep you awake until noon.


Gold's Law:
	If the shoe fits, it's ugly.


There is a time in the tides of men,
Which, taken at its flood, leads on to success.
On the other hand, don't count on it.
		-- T. K. Lawson


Most of your faults are not your fault.


Girls are better looking in snowstorms.
		-- Archie Goodwin


Carelessly planned projects take three times longer to complete than expected.
Carefully planned projects take four times longer to complete than expected,
mostly because the planners expect their planning to reduce the time it
takes.


Marriage, n.:
	The evil aye.


Q:	Why did God invent booze?
A:	So ugly men could get laid too.


Money may buy friendship but money cannot buy love.


Politicians speak for their parties, and parties never are, never have
been, and never will be wrong.
		-- Walter Dwight


It's not reality that's important, but how you perceive things.


The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor
prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively,
or to the people.
		-- U.S. Constitution, Amendment 10. (Bill of Rights)


Steady movement is more important than speed, much of the time.  So
long as there is a regular progression of stimuli to get your mental
hooks into, there is room for lateral movement.  Once this begins,
its rate is a matter of discretion.
		-- Corwin, "Prince of Amber"


I either want less decadence or more chance to participate in it.


There's a trick to the Graceful Exit.  It begins with the vision to
recognize when a job, a life stage, a relationship is over -- and to
let go.  It means leaving what's over without denying its validity
or its past importance in our lives.  It involves a sense of future,
a belief that every exit line is an entry, that we are moving on,
rather than out.  The trick of retiring well may be the trick of
living well.  It's hard to recognize that life isn't a holding
action, but a process.  It's hard to learn that we don't leave the
best parts of ourselves behind, back in the dugout or the office.
We own what we learned back there.  The experiences and the growth
are grafted onto our lives.  And when we exit, we can take ourselves
along -- quite gracefully.
		-- Ellen Goodman


Toothpaste never hurts the taste of good scotch.


Bierman's Laws of Contracts:
	(1) In any given document, you can't cover all the "what if's".
	(2) Lawyers stay in business resolving all the unresolved "what if's".
	(3) Every resolved "what if" creates two unresolved "what if's".


Two pirates are sitting in a seaside tavern, talking.  One of them has a
hook instead of a hand, and an eye patch.  The other pirate has a wooden
leg.  Over a few beers, they start to tell each other how they received their
injuries.
	"One day," says the first pirate, "we had pulled alongside a merchant
vessel and were boarding her.  I had my sword drawn when suddenly a man with
a saber caught me by surprise and cut my hand off.  So I had this hook put
on.  How did you lose your leg?"
	"From a broadside of grapeshot from an English military vessel, in a
terrific battle off the coast of France.  And how about your eye?"
	"Well, I don't really like to talk about it," said the first pirate.
	"Come on," says the second pirate.  "It doesn't matter after all
these years, does it?"
	"Oh, okay," says the first pirate.  "See, it's pretty embarrassing;
a seagull shit in my eye."
	"A seagull!?  I can see how that would hurt, but I don't see why
you would *lose* the eye..."
	"But," the first pirate says, "it was my first day with the hook."


NEWSFLASH!!
	Rodney Fenster looked up the shaft of elevator number four at
1700 N. 17th St. this morning to see if the elevator was on its way down.
It was.  Age 31.


It isn't easy being the parent of a six-year-old.  However, it's a pretty
small price to pay for having somebody around the house who understands
computers.


Waste not, get your budget cut next year.


What!?  Me worry?
		-- A. E. Neuman


Speak roughly to your little VAX,
	And boot it when it crashes;
It knows that one cannot relax
	Because the paging thrashes!

		Wow!  Wow!  Wow!

I speak severely to my VAX,
	And boot it when it crashes;
In spite of all my favorite hacks
	My jobs it always thrashes!

		Wow!  Wow!  Wow!


	"It's today!" said Piglet.
	"My favorite day," said Pooh.


Mr. Rockford?  This is Betty Joe Withers.  I got four shirts of yours from
the Bo Peep Cleaners by mistake.  I don't know why they gave me men's
shirts but they're going back.


Eschew obfuscation.


GAY:
	One who'd rather swish than fight.


It is contrary to reasoning to say that there
is a vacuum or space in which there is absolutely nothing.
		-- Rene Descartes


You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.


Patience is long forgotten by convenience in this life.
		-- Carmen Caicedo Giraudy


What passes for optimism is most often the effect of an intellectual error.
		-- Raymond Aron, "The Opium of the Intellectuals"


Rules for Academic Deans:
	(1)  HIDE!!!!
	(2)  If they find you, LIE!!!!
		-- Father Damian C. Fandal


Every morning is a Smirnoff morning.


You can build a throne out of bayonets, but you can't sit on it for very long.
		-- Boris Yeltsin


There are three things men can do with women:
love them, suffer for them, or turn them into literature.
		-- Stephen Stills


A prediction is worth twenty explanations.
		-- K. Brecher


Do not stoop to tie your laces in your neighbor's melon patch.


His great aim was to escape from civilization, and, as soon as he had
money, he went to Southern California.


Ronald Reagan -- America's favorite placebo


There was, it appeared, a mysterious rite of initiation through which,
in one way or another, almost every member of the team passed.  The term
that the old hands used for this rite -- West invented the term, not the
practice -- was `signing up.'  By signing up for the project you agreed
to do whatever was necessary for success.  You agreed to forsake, if
necessary, family, hobbies, and friends -- if you had any of these left
(and you might not, if you had signed up too many times before).
		-- Tracy Kidder, "The Soul of a New Machine"


The best ways are the most straightforward ways.  When you're sitting around
scamming these things out, all kinds of James Bondian ideas come forth, but
when it gets down to the reality of it, the simplest and most straightforward
way is usually the best, and the way that attracts the least attention.
Also, pouring gasoline on the water and lighting it like James Bond doesn't
work either.... They tried it during Prohibition.
		-- Thomas King Forcade, marijuana smuggler


I've got my ANSI C Reference book right here but it doesn't say anything
about getting raped in the ass as part of the official C language (maybe
I should get a C++ reference manual).
		-- Deuce, Jerk City


The girls that go to see a man's etchings
may not know art, but they know what they like.


Ask not what's inside your head, but what your head's inside of.
		-- J. J. Gibson


Even God cannot change the past.
		-- Joseph Stalin


Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time.
		-- Steven Wright


Then there was the Formosan bartender named Taiwan-On.


	A man was traveling cross-country one summer from New York to LA.
He arrived in Needles, CA late one night and pulled into an Exxon for some
gas.  When he pulled up to the gas pumps, he noticed that all of the lights
were off.  Suddenly, he heard a faint sound from outside.  He wasn't sure
what he'd heard, so he rolled down his window and heard a faint cry,
"Help... help... help".  He got out of his car, and sure enough there was
a guy stooped down in the corner, stark naked with his wrists tied to his
ankles.  He walked up to the guy and said, "Hey, man, what happened to you?"
	"These guys pulled me out of my car, took my money, my wallet, my
clothes, tied my wrists to my ankles, and then stole my car!!"
	"Damn!", replied the first man as he unzipped his pants.  "This just
hasn't been your day, has it?"


A man said to the Universe:
	"Sir, I exist!"
	"However," replied the Universe,
	"the fact has not created in me a sense of obligation."
		-- Stephen Crane


Molecule, n.:
	The ultimate, indivisible unit of matter.  It is distinguished from
	the corpuscle, also the ultimate, indivisible unit of matter, by a
	closer resemblance to the atom, also the ultimate, indivisible unit
	of matter...  The ion differs from the molecule, the corpuscle and
	the atom in that it is an ion...
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Old Grandad is dead but his spirits live on.


The Briggs - Chase Law of Program Development:
	To determine how long it will take to write and debug a
	program, take your best estimate, multiply that by two, add
	one, and convert to the next higher units.


Always store beer in a dark place.


Neuroses are red,
	Melancholia's blue.
I'm schizophrenic,
	What are you?


You know you're in trouble when...
1)	You wake up face down on the pavement.
2)	Your wife wakes up feeling amorous and you have a headache.
3)	You turn on the news and they're showing emergency routes
		out of the city.
4)	Your twin sister forgot your birthday.
5)	You wake up and discover your waterbed broke and then
		remember that you don't have a waterbed.
6)	Your doctor tells you you're allergic to chocolate.


In love, she who gives her portrait promises the original.
		-- Bruton


No matter how celebrated the beauty of a woman, I would never spend a night
with her.  The only celebrity with whom I would share a night is Max Planck.
But he is dead.  So I live like a monk, aside from a little self gratification
in the afternoons.
		-- Salvador Dali


Money can't buy love, but it improves your bargaining position.
		-- Christopher Marlowe


Hollywood is where if you don't have happiness you send out for it.
		-- Rex Reed


A bug in the hand is better than one as yet undetected.


I hate dying.
		-- Dave Johnson


Where the hell is Wall Drug?


And I will do all these good works, and I will do them for free!
My only reward will be a tombstone that says "Here lies Gomez
Addams -- he was good for nothing."
		-- Jack Sharkey, The Addams Family


Death is Nature's way of recycling human beings.


There is a Massachusetts law requiring all dogs to have their hind legs
tied during the month of April.


I do not remember ever having seen a sustained argument by an author which,
starting from philosophical premises likely to meet with general acceptance,
reached the conclusion that a praiseworthy ordering of one's life is to
devote it to research in mathematics.
		-- Sir Edmund Whittaker, "Scientific American", Vol. 183


The explanation requiring the fewest assumptions
is the most likely to be correct.
		-- William of Occam


McEwan's Rule of Relative Importance:
	When traveling with a herd of elephants,
	don't be the first to lie down and rest.


There but for the grace of God, goes God.
		-- Winston Churchill, speaking of Sir Stafford Cripps


Q:	What does a blonde do first thing in the morning?
A:	She goes home.

Q:	Why does a blonde have fur on the hem of her dress?
A:	To keep her neck warm.

Q:	How do you make a blonde laugh on Monday?
A:	Tell her a joke on Friday.


STATISTICS:
	A system for expressing your political
	prejudices in convincing scientific guise.


The way to fight a woman is with your hat.  Grab it and run.


COLLEGE:
	The fountains of knowledge, where everyone goes to drink.


You have junk mail.


'Scuse me, while I kiss the sky!
		-- Robert James Marshall (Jimi) Hendrix


MANAGEMENT:
	The art of getting other people to do all the work.


What would you do with a brain if you had one?
		-- Judy Garland as Dorothy Gale, "The Wizard of Oz"


You can't get there from here.


Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about
telescopes.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


Woodward's Law:
	A theory is better than its explanation.


The young lady had an unusual list,
Linked in part to a structural weakness.
She set no preconditions.


You may be recognized soon.  Hide.


Every man has his price.  Mine is $3.95.


Each person has the right to take the subway.


I have a terrible headache, I was putting on toilet water and the lid fell.


The qotc (quote of the con) was Liz's:
	"My brain is paged out to my liver"


Never settle with words what you can accomplish with a flame thrower.


