Horny, adj.:
	When your cock gets hard if the wind blows.


APPENDIX:
	A portion of a book, for which nobody yet has discovered any use.


A kiss is a course of procedure, cunningly devised,
for the mutual stoppage of speech at a moment when
words are superfluous.


Any philosophy that can be put in a nutshell belongs there.
		-- Sydney J. Harris


GOD is applied POWER
    which is applied GOVERNMENT
	which is applied POLITICS
	    which is applied ADVERTISING
		which is applied SOCIOLOGY
		    which is applied PSYCHOLOGY
			which is applied BIOLOGY
			    which is applied CHEMISTRY
				which is applied PHYSICS
				    which is applied MATH
					which is applied PHILOSOPHY
					    which is applied BULLSHIT


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #7

OUT OF "OUT OF AFRICA":
	This film is a compilation of selected news clips depicting audiences
	frantically pushing and shoving to get out of theatres where "Out of
	Africa" is showing.  Many people are trampled to death in the frenzy.
	Due to its violence and offensive language, not recommended for
	younger viewers.


Save the whales.  Club a seal instead.


Fresco's Discovery:
	If you knew what you were doing you'd probably be bored.


Like my parents, I have never been a regular church member or churchgoer.
It doesn't seem plausible to me that there is the kind of God who watches
over human affairs, listens to prayers, and tries to guide people to follow
His precepts -- there is just too much misery and cruelty for that.  On the
other hand, I respect and envy the people who get inspiration from their
religions.
		-- Benjamin Spock


Make headway at work.  Continue to let things deteriorate at home.


Marriage is the waste-paper basket of the emotions.


Hear about...
	the careless contortionist who accidentally swallowed his pride?


QOTD:
	"To hell with patience, I'm gonna kill me something!"


University, n.:
	Like a software house, except the software's free, and it's
	usable, and it works, and if it breaks they'll quickly tell
	you how to fix it, and...

	[Okay, okay, I'll leave it in, but I think you're destroying
	 the credibility of the entire fortune program.  Ed.]


It's the sighs that count.


Fun experiments:
	Get a can of shaving cream, throw it in a freezer for about a week.
	Then take it out, peel the metal off and put it where you want...
	bedroom, car, etc.  As it thaws, it expands an unbelievable amount.


Our policy is, when in doubt, do the right thing.
		-- Roy L. Ash, ex-president, Litton Industries


"... I should explain that I was wearing a black velvet cape that was
supposed to make me look like the dashing, romantic Zorro but which
actually made me look like a gigantic bat wearing glasses ..."
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wet Zorro Suit and Other Turning
		   Points in l'Amour"


Lesbian QOTD:
I didn't give up sex, I just gave up premature ejaculation.


Willie in the cauldron fell;		Willie saw some dynamite,
See the grief on mother's brow;		Couldn't understand it quite;
Mother loved her darling well --	Curiosity never pays:
Willie's quite hard-boiled by now.	It rained Willie seven days.

Little Willie with a shout,		William in a nice new sash,
Gouged the baby's eyeballs out;		Fell in the fire and burned to an ash.
Stamped on them to make them pop.	Now, although the room grows chilly,
Mother cried, "Now, William, stop!"	I haven't the heart to poke poor Billy.

William with a thirst for gore,		Little Willie mean as hell,
Nailed the baby to the door.		Threw his sister in the well!
Mother said, with humor quaint:		Said his mother when drawing water,
"Careful, Will, don't mar the paint."	"sure is hard to raise a daughter."
		-- Harry Graham, "Ruthless Rhymes for Heartless Homes", 1899


	A man who keeps stealing mopeds is an obvious cycle-path.


In Greene, New York, it is illegal to eat peanuts and walk backwards on
the sidewalks when a concert is on.


Grain grows best in shit.
		-- Ursula K. LeGuin


Hackers do it bottom-up.


Said a lesbian lady, "It's sad;
Of all the girls that I've had,
	None gave me the thrill
	Of real rapture until
I learned how to be a tribade."


The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI", Part IV


It is far better to be deceived than to be undeceived by those we love.


If at first you don't succeed, you're doing about average.
		-- Leonard Levinson


If you wants to get elected president, you'se got to think up some
memoraboble homily so's school kids can be pestered into memorizin' it,
even if they don't know what it means.
		-- Walt Kelly, "The Pogo Party"


People who push both buttons should get their wish.


Rules:
	(1)  The boss is always right.
	(2)  When the boss is wrong, refer to rule 1.


The United States also has its native Fascists who say that they are
"100 percent American"...
		-- U.S. Army (1945)


RUGGED:
	Too heavy to lift.


Memory fault -- brain fried


1.79 x 10^12 furlongs per fortnight -- it's not just a good idea, it's
the law!


Those lovable Brits department:
	They also have trouble pronouncing `vitamin'.


Historians have now definitely established that Juan Cabrillo, discoverer
of California, was not looking for Kansas, thus setting a precedent that
continues to this day.
		-- Wayne Shannon


Scene:
	A small boy stands agasp on the stairway overlooking the living
room.  A rather largish man in a big red suit with white fur and red and
white belled cap hunches over the fireplace, obviously interrupted in
filling stockings with packages taken from a huge bag slung over his
shoulder.  His eyebrows are raised, matter-of-factly, as he spies the boy
intently watching him.

Caption:
	I'm sorry you've seen me, Billy.  Now I'll have to kill you.


True to our past we work with an inherited, observed, and accepted vision of
personal futility, and of the beauty of the world.
		-- David Mamet


An infallible method of conciliating a tiger
is to allow oneself to be devoured.
		-- Konrad Adenauer


The system will be down for 10 days for preventative maintenance.


Surprise your boss.  Get to work on time.


There's so much to say but your eyes keep interrupting me.


There is one way to find out if a man is honest -- ask him.  If he says
"Yes" you know he is crooked.
		-- Groucho Marx


Early to rise and early to bed makes
a man healthy and wealthy and dead.
		-- James Thurber


Q:	What do a walrus and a tupperware container have in common?
A:	They both like a tight seal.


If you don't have time to do it right, where
are you going to find the time to do it over?


Without coffee he could not work, or at least he could not have worked in the
way he did.  In addition to paper and pens, he took with him everywhere as an
indispensable article of equipment the coffee machine, which was no less
important to him than his table or his white robe.
		-- Stefan Zweigs, Biography of Balzac


Bingo, gas station, hamburger with a side order of airplane noise,
and you'll be Gary, Indiana.
		-- Jessie, "Greaser's Palace"


National security is in your hands - guard it well.


Why do they call it baby-SITTING when all you do is run after them?


Mind!  I don't mean to say that I know, of my own knowledge, what there is
particularly dead about a door-nail.  I might have been inclined, myself,
to regard a coffin-nail as the deadest piece of ironmongery in the trade.
But the wisdom of our ancestors is in the simile; and my unhallowed hands
shall not disturb it, or the Country's done for.  You will therefore permit
me to repeat, emphatically, that Marley was as dead as a door-nail.


This sentence contradicts itself -- no actually it doesn't.
		-- Douglas Hofstadter


A box without hinges, key, or lid,
Yet golden treasure inside is hid.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


Power, like a desolating pestilence,
Pollutes whate'er it touches...
		-- Percy Bysshe Shelley


Conjecture: All odd numbers are prime.

	Mathematician's Proof:
		3 is prime.  5 is prime.  7 is prime.  By induction, all
		odd numbers are prime.
	Physicist's Proof:
		3 is prime.  5 is prime.  7 is prime.  9 is experimental
		error.  11 is prime.  13 is prime ...
	Engineer's Proof:
		3 is prime.  5 is prime.  7 is prime.  9 is prime.
		11 is prime.  13 is prime ...
	Computer Scientist's Proof:
		3 is prime.  3 is prime.  3 is prime.  3 is prime...


In cosmetics, there's cases of revolutionary Venus Envy Hair Spray;
Legette Hair Fastener Heat Bags; Lady O' Spain Self-Blinding Eye Shadow
with Magic Puncture Pencil; Sanitary Napkin Rings in Little Miss, Moon
Maid and Stuck Pig Strength; and deported Italian Napagel Balls for
soaking or eating; and they're all slash-priced with the lady in mind...
		-- The Firesign Theatre


Must be getting close to town -- we're hitting more people.


What is worth doing is worth the trouble of asking somebody to do it.


As you grow older, you will still do foolish things,
but you will do them with much more enthusiasm.
		-- The Cowboy


Wilner's Observation:
	All conversations with a potato should be conducted in private.


Krogt, n. (chemical symbol: Kr):
	The metallic silver coating found on fast-food game cards.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Last week I saw a girl in a sweater so tight I could hardly breathe.


A is for awk, which runs like a snail, and
B is for biff, which reads all your mail.
C is for cc, as hackers recall, while
D is for dd, the command that does all.
E is for emacs, which rebinds your keys, and
F is for fsck, which rebuilds your trees.
G is for grep, a clever detective, while
H is for halt, which may seem defective.
I is for indent, which rarely amuses, and
J is for join, which nobody uses.
K is for kill, which makes you the boss, while
L is for lex, which is missing from DOS.
M is for more, from which less was begot, and
N is for nice, which it really is not.
O is for od, which prints out things nice, while
P is for passwd, which reads in strings twice.
Q is for quota, a Berkeley-type fable, and
R is for ranlib, for sorting ar table.
S is for spell, which attempts to belittle, while
T is for true, which does very little.
U is for uniq, which is used after sort, and
V is for vi, which is hard to abort.
W is for whoami, which tells you your name, while
X is, well, X, of dubious fame.
Y is for yes, which makes an impression, and
Z is for zcat, which handles compression.
		-- THE ABC'S OF UNIX


Passion is that funny feeling that drives a man to
bite a woman's neck because she has beautiful legs.


Put another password in,
Bomb it out, then try again.
Try to get past logging in,
We're hacking, hacking, hacking.

Try his first wife's maiden name,
This is more than just a game.
It's real fun, but just the same,
It's hacking, hacking, hacking.


One person's error is another person's data.


I'm sorry, but after reading this thread, I'm having a hard time
coming up with an explanation for this nonsense which doesn't involve
you being a dumbass.
		-- Bill Paul <wpaul@FreeBSD.org>


A sine curve goes off to infinity, or at least the end of the blackboard.
		-- Prof. Steiner


You k'n hide de fier, but w'at you gwine do wid de smoke?
		-- Joel Chandler Harris, proverbs of Uncle Remus


Seems that a pollster was taking a worldwide opinion poll.
Her question was, "Excuse me; what's your opinion on the meat shortage?"

In Texas, the answer was "What's a shortage?"
In Poland, the answer was "What's meat?"
In the Soviet Union, the answer was "What's an opinion?"
In New York City, the answer was "What's excuse me?"


Believe everything you hear about the world; nothing is too
impossibly bad.
		-- Honore de Balzac


Nothing is rich but the inexhaustible wealth of nature.
She shows us only surfaces, but she is a million fathoms deep.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


	The salesman and the system analyst took off to spend a weekend in the
forest, hunting bear.  They'd rented a cabin, and, when they got there, took
their backpacks off and put them inside.  At which point the salesman turned
to his friend, and said, "You unpack while I go and find us a bear."
	Puzzled, the analyst finished unpacking and then went and sat down
on the porch.  Soon he could hear rustling noises in the forest.  The noises
got nearer -- and louder -- and suddenly there was the salesman, running like
hell across the clearing toward the cabin, pursued by one of the largest and
most ferocious grizzly bears the analyst had ever seen.
	"Open the door!", screamed the salesman.
	The analyst whipped open the door, and the salesman ran to the door,
suddenly stopped, and stepped aside.  The bear, unable to stop, continued
through the door and into the cabin.  The salesman slammed the door closed
and grinned at his friend.  "Got him!", he exclaimed, "now, you skin this
one and I'll go rustle us up another!"


I was appalled by this story of the destruction of a member of a valued
endangered species.  It's all very well to celebrate the practicality of
pigs by ennobling the porcine sibling who constructed his home out of
bricks and mortar.  But to wantonly destroy a wolf, even one with an
excessive taste for porkers, is unconscionable in these ecologically
critical times when both man and his domestic beasts continue to maraud
the earth.
		Sylvia Kamerman, "Book Reviewing"


And I heard Jeff exclaim,
As they strolled out of sight,
"Merry Christmas to all --
You take credit cards, right?"
		-- "Outsiders" comic


F:	When into a room I plunge, I
	Sometimes find some VIOLET FUNGI.
	Then I linger, darkly brooding
	On the poison they're exuding.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC


	The way my jeweler explained it, it's like insurance.
	Six months' pay isn't much to keep my wife from sleeping around.

A diamond -- pure, sparkling, natural, flawless, forever.  The way marriage
should be but never quite is.  People grow and change and sometimes want to
take their clothes off with strangers.  So when you invest in a fine piece
of diamond jewelry, you're not only making an investment, you're making a
statement.  You're telling the woman you love that you've just spent a lot
of your hard-earned money on her.  Now she owes you the kind of loyalty that
only precious jewelry can buy.  Isn't she worth it?

	The Honeymoon's Over:			from $ 5000
	The Seven Year Itch:			from $10000
	No More Lunchtime Quickies:		from $15000
	Divorce Would Be More Expensive:	from $42000

			A diamond is for leverage.  BeDears


Cinderella 10:
	A woman who sucks and fucks 'til midnight and
	then turns into a pizza and a six-pack.


Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark.
Professionals built the Titanic.


Un moine au milieu de la messe		A monk in the middle of mass
S'eleva et cria en detresse;		Stood up and cried out in distress;
	"La vie religieuse,			"The religious life
	C'est sale et affreuse,"		Is dirty and horrid,"
Et se poignarda dans les fesses.	And stabbed himself in the ass.
		-- Edward Gorey


	"Dad," the 13-year-old boy asked, looking up from his social-
studies text, "what did you do during the sexual revolution?"
	"Well, son," his father confided, "I guess you could say I was
captured early and spent the duration doing the dishes."


You are going to have a new love affair.


All who joy would win Must share it --
Happiness was born a twin.
		-- Lord Byron


ALL NEW:
	Parts not interchangeable with previous model.


Per buck you get more computing action with the small computer.
		-- R. W. Hamming


Well, he didn't know what to do, so he decided to look at the government,
to see what they did, and scale it down and run his life that way.
		-- Laurie Anderson


Dear Lord, observe this bended knee
This visage meek and humble,
And hear this confidential plea
Voiced in reverent mumble:
	Give me Shylock, give me Fagin
	But O God spare me Ronald Reagan!
		-- Ansel Adams


As long as your ass is pointed at the ground, don't fuck with me.


Monterey... is decidedly the pleasantest and most civilized-looking place
in California ... [it] is also a great place for cock-fighting, gambling
of all sorts, fandangos, and various kinds of amusements and knavery.
		-- Richard Henry Dama, "Two Years Before the Mast", 1840


	"Cheshire-Puss," she began, "would you tell me, please, which
way I ought to go from here?"
	"That depends a good deal on where you want to get to," said
the Cat.
	"I don't care much where--" said Alice.
	"Then it doesn't matter which way you go," said the Cat.
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


Happiness is twin floppies.


Language is a virus from another planet.
		-- William Burroughs


Love letters no longer they write us,
To their homes they so seldom invite us.
	It grieves me to say,
	They have learned with dismay,
We can't cure their "vulva pruritus."


The operator's left hand quivered as she gingerly unlatched the
catch to the diskette reader.  Uncontrollably, she reached down,
guiding the sharply pointed diskette into the deep, dark slot.
The floppy diskette nearly folded under the repeated thrusts of
her hand, until finally she could control it no longer, her right
hand instinctively taking an option zero.  And then it all came at
once, thousands upon thousands of data bits flowing from diskette
to disk in a torrent of torrid transfer, as the helpless legs
of the 32 strained to remain on the floor.


Unless hours were cups of sack, and minutes capons, and clocks the tongues
of bawds, and dials the signs of leaping houses, and the blessed sun himself
a fair, hot wench in flame-colored taffeta, I see no reason why thou shouldst
be so superfluous to demand the time of the day.  I wasted time and now doth
time waste me.
		-- William Shakespeare


A man is walking down the street when he sees a man with four arms, and
antennae coming out of his head.  He goes up to him and says, "You're not
from around here, are you?"
	"No," replies the man with the antennae.
	"You know," continues the man, "I don't think you're an American,
either.  In fact, I bet you don't even come from this planet!"
	"Right again," says the man with four arms.  "I'm from Mars."
	"Well," says the man, "that's quite some configuration you've got
there, with those four arms and those antennae and everything."
	"We Martians all have four arms and antennae."
	"Well, that's just amazing," replies the man, "and how about that
big gold colored plate in the middle of your chest, what's that, do all
Martians have that?"
	"Well, no," says the Martian.  "Not the *goyim*."


It's not a sin not to be Irish, but it is a great shame.
		-- Sean O'Huiginn


Paul Revere was a tattle-tale.


Be nice to people on the way up, because you'll meet them on your way down.
		-- Wilson Mizner


Loan-department manager:  "There isn't any fine print.  At these
interest rates, we don't need it."


God is love, but get it in writing.
		-- Gypsy Rose Lee


There is a limit to the admiration we may hold for a man who spends
his waking hours poking the contents of chickens with a stick.
		-- Tom Robbins, "Jitterbug Perfume"


Variables don't; constants aren't.


Q:	How many existentialists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	Two.  One to screw it in and one to observe how the lightbulb
	itself symbolizes a single incandescent beacon of subjective
	reality in a netherworld of endless absurdity reaching out toward a
	maudlin cosmos of nothingness.


A baby is God's opinion that the world should go on.
		-- Carl Sandburg


The steady state of disks is full.
		-- Ken Thompson


Q:	What's the Blonde's cheer?
A:	I'm blonde, I'm blonde, I'm B.L.O.N... ah, oh well..
	I'm blonde, I'm blonde, yea yea yea...

Q:	What do you call it when a blonde dies their hair brunette?
A:	Artificial intelligence.

Q:	How do you make a blonde's eyes light up?
A:	Shine a flashlight in their ear.


Narcolepulacyi, n.:
	The contagious action of yawning, causing everyone in sight
	to also yawn.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


We have an equal opportunity Calculus class -- it's fully integrated.


We're all in this alone.
		-- Lily Tomlin


Now is the time for all good men to come to.
		-- Walt Kelly


No sooner said than done -- so acts your man of worth.
		-- Quintus Ennius


Acquaintance, n.:
	A person whom we know well enough to borrow from but not well
	enough to lend to.  A degree of friendship called slight when the
	object is poor or obscure, and intimate when he is rich or famous.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Courage is fear that has said its prayers.


Sink or Swim with Teddy!


Real Users never know what they want, but they always know when your
program doesn't deliver it.


Something better...

 1 (obvious): Excuse me.  Is that your nose or did a bus park on your face?
 2 (meteorological): Everybody take cover.  She's going to blow.
 3 (fashionable): You know, you could de-emphasize your nose if you wore
	something larger.  Like ... Wyoming.
 4 (personal): Well, here we are.  Just the three of us.
 5 (punctual): Alright gentlemen.  Your nose was on time but you were fifteen
	minutes late.
 6 (envious): Oooo, I wish I were you.  Gosh.  To be able to smell your
	own ear.
 7 (naughty): Pardon me, Sir.  Some of the ladies have asked if you wouldn't
	mind putting that thing away.
 8 (philosophical): You know.  It's not the size of a nose that's important.
	It's what's in it that matters.
 9 (humorous): Laugh and the world laughs with you.  Sneeze and its goodbye
	Seattle.
10 (commercial): Hi, I'm Earl Schibe and I can paint that nose for $39.95.
11 (polite): Ah.  Would you mind not bobbing your head.  The orchestra keeps
	changing tempo.
12 (melodic): Everybody! "He's got the whole world in his nose."
		-- Steve Martin, "Roxanne"


At last, the first Soviet, artificially intelligent computer had been produced.
The engineers did not get it, nor the physicists.  First things first: it went
to the institute of Marxism-Leninism.

"IS IT POSSIBLE TO BUILD SOCIALISM IN SWITZERLAND?" typed in one of the
	theologians.
"YES," replied the computer.  "BUT IT WOULD BE SUCH A PITY TO DESTROY
	SUCH A BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY."


There is only one way to be happy by means of the heart -- to have none.
		-- Paul Bourget


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(25) Love is the only human emotion which cannot be controlled. You
     either do or you don't. You can't fake it. (Except women, and
     thank God they can.)

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Gravity brings me down.


Democrats buy most of the books that have been banned somewhere.
Republicans form censorship committees and read them as a group.

Republicans consume three-fourths of the rutabaga produced in the USA.
The remainder is thrown out.

Republicans usually wear hats and almost always clean their paint brushes.

Republicans study the financial pages of the newspaper.
Democrats put them in the bottom of the bird cage.

Most of the stuff alongside the road has been thrown out of car
windows by Democrats.
		-- Paul Dickson, "The Official Rules"


Optimist, n.:
	A bagpiper with a beeper.


	It was her wedding night, and the sweet young thing was in a
romantic haze.  "Oh, darling," she sighed, "We're married at last.
It's all like a wonderful dream!"
	Her husband didn't answer.  A few moments passed.  She sighed again
and said, "I'm afraid I'll awake in a moment and find it isn't true."
	Still no response from her spouse.  Another pause and another
sensuous sigh, then, softly, "I just can't believe that I'm really your
wife."
	"Damn it," growled her mate, "as soon as I get this shoelace untied,
you will!"


It takes a smart husband to have the last word and not use it.


There was a young man hitchhiking along a road one day.  A car stopped and the
driver opened the door and asked, "What political party are you with?"
	He replied, "Why, I'm a Democrat."
	And the driver slammed the door and rode off.  The guy was pretty
discouraged when another car came along, and the driver asked the same
question.
	The guy answered, "Uh, I'm a Democrat."
	And again, the driver slammed the door and rode off.  Now he was
downright confused when another car came along.  The driver was an attractive
lady, and she asked the same question.
	He answered: "I'm a Republican."
	And she answered, "Well, then, hop on in."
	They drove on for a few minutes when he began to notice that her
skirt was beginning to get hiked up on her thighs.  Finally, he couldn't take
it any more, and said "Ma'am, stop the car and let me out.  I've only been
a Republican for 15 minutes, and already I feel like screwing someone!"


Euch ist bekannt, was wir beduerfen;
Wir wollen stark Getraenke schluerfen.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, "Faust"


That segment of the community with which one has the greatest
sympathy as a liberal, inevitably turns out to be one of the most
narrow-minded and bigoted segments of the community.


If you're a young Mafia gangster out on your first date, I bet it's real
embarrassing if someone tries to kill you.
		-- Jack Handey


WE'LL LOOK INTO IT:
	By the time the wheels make a full turn, we
	assume you will have forgotten about it,too.


You might get caught holding the bag.  Say she's your sister.


A new supply of round tuits has arrived and are available from Mary.
Anyone who has been putting off work until they got a `round tuit'
now has no excuse for further procrastination.


CONFERENCE:
	A special meeting in which the boss gathers subordinates to hear
	what they have to say, so long as it doesn't conflict with what
	he's already decided to do.


You canna change the laws of physics, Captain;
I've got to have thirty minutes!


Blithwapping, v.:
	Using anything BUT a hammer to hammer a nail into the
	wall, such as shoes, lamp bases, doorstops, etc.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


If you can not say it, you can not whistle it, either.
		-- Wittgenstein


Isn't it conceivable to you that an intelligent
person could harbor two opposing ideas in his mind?
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson, to reporters


You can fool all the people all of the time if the advertising is right
and the budget is big enough.
		-- Joseph E. Levine


Give me the avowed, the erect, the manly foe,
Bold I can meet -- perhaps may turn his blow!
But of all plagues, good Heaven, thy wrath can send,
Save me, oh save me from the candid friend.
		-- George Canning


A couple of young fellers were fishing at their special pond off the
beaten track when out of the bushes jumped the Game Warden.  Immediately,
one of the boys threw his rod down and started running through the woods
like the proverbial bat out of hell, and hot on his heels ran the Game
Warden.  After about a half mile the fella stopped and stooped over with
his hands on his thighs, whooping and heaving to catch his breath as the
Game Warden finally caught up to him.
	"Let's see yer fishin' license, boy," the Warden gasped.  The
man pulled out his wallet and gave the Game Warden a valid fishing
license.
	"Well, son", snarled the Game Warden, "You must be about as dumb
as a box of rocks!  You didn't have to run if you have a license!"
	"Yes, sir," replied his victim, "but, well, see, my friend back
there, he don't have one!"


Working hard around here is like pissing on yourself in a dark suit;
you get a warm feeling but nobody notices.


Adler's Distinction:
	Language is all that separates us from the lower animals,
	and from the bureaucrats.


No guts, no glory.


If you are too busy to read, then you are too busy.


Everything ends badly.  Otherwise it wouldn't end.


To write a sonnet you must ruthlessly
strip down your words to naked, willing flesh.
Then bind them to a metaphor or three,
and take by force a satisfying mesh.
Arrange them to your will, each foot in place.
You are the master here, and they the slaves.
Now whip them to maintain a constant pace
and rhythm as they stand in even staves.
A word that strikes no pleasure?  Cast it out!
What use are words that drive not to the heart?
A lazy phrase? Discard it, shrug off doubt,
and choose more docile words to take its part.
A well-trained sonnet lives to entertain,
by making love directly to the brain.


Love is what you've been through with somebody.
		-- James Thurber


I was in a bar and I walked up to a beautiful woman and said, "Do you live
around here often?"  She said, "You're wearing two different-color socks."
I said, "Yes, but to me they're the same because I go by thickness."
She said, "How do you feel?" And I said, "You know when you're sitting on a
chair and you lean back so you're just on two legs and you lean too far so
you almost fall over but at the last second you catch yourself?  I feel like
that all the time."
		-- Steven Wright, "Gentlemen's Quarterly"


Mommy, what happens to your files when you die?


