Reality is for people who lack imagination.


That, that is, is.
That, that is not, is not.
That, that is, is not that, that is not.
That, that is not, is not that, that is.


After 35 years, I have finished a comprehensive study of European
comparative law.  In Germany, under the law, everything is prohibited,
except that which is permitted.  In France, under the law, everything
is permitted, except that which is prohibited.  In the Soviet Union,
under the law, everything is prohibited, including that which is
permitted.  And in Italy, under the law, everything is permitted,
especially that which is prohibited.
		-- Newton Minow, 1985,
		   Speech to the Association of American Law Schools


An 11 is a 10 who doesn't have headaches.


A Mexican newspaper reports that bored Royal Air Force pilots stationed
on the Falkland Islands have devised what they consider a marvelous new
game.  Noting that the local penguins are fascinated by airplanes, the
pilots search out a beach where the birds are gathered and fly slowly
along it at the water's edge.  Perhaps ten thousand penguins turn their
heads in unison watching the planes go by, and when the pilots turn
around and fly back, the birds turn their heads in the opposite
direction, like spectators at a slow-motion tennis match.  Then, the
paper reports, "The pilots fly out to sea and directly to the penguin
colony and overfly it.  Heads go up, up, up, and ten thousand penguins
fall over gently onto their backs.
		-- Audubon Society Magazine

[From the BBC, 2001-02-02:
	For five weeks, a team from the British Antarctic Survey (BAS)
monitored 1,000 king penguins on the island of South Georgia as Lynx
helicopters passed overhead.
	"Not one king penguin fell over when the helicopters came over,"
said team leader Dr. Richard Stone.
	"As the aircraft approached, the birds went quiet and stopped
calling to each other, and adolescent birds that were not associated
with nests began walking away from the noise. Pure animal instinct,
really."
	The conclusion, said Dr. Stone, is that flights over 305 metres
(1,000 feet) caused "only minor and transitory ecological effects" on
king penguins.]


I always turn to the sports pages first, which record people's
accomplishments.  The front page has nothing but man's failures.
		-- Chief Justice Earl Warren


HELP!  Man trapped in a human body!


Expansion means complexity; and complexity decay.


Beneath this stone lies Murphy,
They buried him today,
He lived the life of Riley,
While Riley was away.


Murphy's Discovery:
	Do you know Presidents talk to the country the way men talk
	to women?  They say, "Trust me, go all the way with me, and
	everything will be all right."  And what happens?  Nine
	months later, you're in trouble!


About all some men accomplish in life is to send a son to Harvard.


Q:	Why was Cinderella banished from the Magic Kingdom?
A:	For sitting on Pinocchio's face and screaming, "Tell the truth!
	Tell a lie!  Tell the truth!  Tell a lie!"


The IBM 2250 is impressive ...
if you compare it with a system selling for a tenth its price.
		-- D. Cohen


Hydrogen: A colorless, odorless, lighter than air gas which, given
time, turns into people.
		-- Harlow Shapley


A man was griping to his friend about how he hated to go home after a
late card games.
	"You wouldn't believe what I go through to avoid waking my wife,"
he said.  "First, I kill the engine a block away from the house and coast
into the garage.  Then I open the door slowly, take off my shoes, and
tiptoe to our room.  But just as I'm about to slide into bed, she always
wakes up and gives me hell."
	"I make a big racket when I go home," his friend replied.
	"You do?"
	"Sure.  I honk the horn, slam the door, turn on all the lights,
stomp up to the bedroom and give my wife a big kiss.  `Hi, Alice,' I say.
`How about a little smooch for your old man?'"
	"And what does she say?" his friend asked in disbelief.
	"She doesn't say anything," his buddy replied.  "She always pretends
she's asleep."


I can relate to that.


I never believed in Santa Claus because I knew no white dude would come
into my neighborhood after dark.
		-- Dick Gregory


My darling wife was always glum.
I drowned her in a cask of rum,
And so made sure that she would stay
In better spirits night and day.


Never argue with a fool -- people might not be able to tell the difference.


Satire is what closes in New Haven.


In a circuit with a fast-acting fuse,
an IC will blow to protect the fuse.


IV. The time required for an object to fall twenty stories is greater than or
    equal to the time it takes for whoever knocked it off the ledge to
    spiral down twenty flights to attempt to capture it unbroken.
	Such an object is inevitably priceless, the attempt to capture it
	inevitably unsuccessful.
 V. All principles of gravity are negated by fear.
	Psychic forces are sufficient in most bodies for a shock to propel
	them directly away from the earth's surface.  A spooky noise or an
	adversary's signature sound will induce motion upward, usually to
	the cradle of a chandelier, a treetop, or the crest of a flagpole.
	The feet of a character who is running or the wheels of a speeding
	auto need never touch the ground, especially when in flight.
VI. As speed increases, objects can be in several places at once.
	This is particularly true of tooth-and-claw fights, in which a
	character's head may be glimpsed emerging from the cloud of
	altercation at several places simultaneously.  This effect is common
	as well among bodies that are spinning or being throttled.  A "wacky"
	character has the option of self-replication only at manic high
	speeds and may ricochet off walls to achieve the velocity required.
		-- Esquire, "O'Donnell's Laws of Cartoon Motion", June 1980


The English have no respect for their language, and will not teach
their children to speak it.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


	Harry was delighted when he found a young woman who accepted his
proposal of marriage as he was pretty sensitive about his artificial leg
and afraid that no one would have him.  In fact, he couldn't bring himself
to tell his fiancee about his leg when he slipped the ring on her finger,
nor when she bought the dress, nor when they picked the time and place.
All he kept saying was, "Darling, I've got a big surprise for you," at which
she blushed and smiled bewitchingly.
	The wedding came and went, and the young couple were at last alone
in their honeymoon suite. "Now don't forget, Harry, you promised me a big
surprise," smiled the bride.
	Unable to say a word, Harry turned out the lights, unstrapped his
leg, slipped into bed, and placed his wife's hand on the stump.
	"Hmmmmm," she said softly, "that IS a surprise. But pass me the
Vaseline and I'll see what I can do!"


As the poet said, "Only God can make a tree" -- probably
because it's so hard to figure out how to get the bark on.
		-- Woody Allen


When you're away, I'm restless, lonely
Wretched, bored, dejected, only
Here's the rub, my darling dear,
I feel the same when you are near.
		-- Samuel Hoffenstein, "Poems in Praise of Practically Nothing"


Nihilism should commence with oneself.


Q:	How do you tell if you're making love to a nurse, a schoolteacher,
	or an airline stewardess?
A:	A nurse says: "This won't hurt a bit."
	A schoolteacher says: "We're just going to have to do this over
	and over again until we get it right."
	An airline stewardess says: "Hold this over your mouth and
	nose, and breathe normally."

... and bank tellers say "Substantial penalty for early withdrawal."
... and saleswomen say "Thank you, come again soon!"
... and WASPs say "Do you have that in a bigger size?"
... and piano teachers say "Keep those fingers arched! TEMPO! TEMPO!"


Nuke them till they glow, then shoot them in the dark.


Do infants have as much fun in infancy as adults do in adultery?


I braved the contempt of my friends last week and ventured out to see
Bambi, the Disney rerelease that is proving to be a hit once again in the
box office.  I was looking forward to a gentle, soothing, late afternoon
relief from the Washington Summer.  Instead I was traumatized.  As a
psycho-sexual return to the horrors of early adolescence, it couldn't be
more effective.  For the first half-hour, you're lulled into an agreeable
sense of security and comfort.  Birds twitter; small rabbits turn out to
be great conversationalists.  Pop is what Senator Moynihan would describe
as an absent father, but Mom's there to make you feel OK in the odd
thunderstorm.  You make great friends, fool around on the ice, discover
the meadow, generally mellow out.  Then, without any particular warning,
your mom gets shot, your voice breaks, huge growths start appearing on
your head, and your peers start heading off into the clover with the
apparent intention of having sex.  Next thing you know, the forest burns
down. If I were still eight, I think I'd prefer Rambo III.
		-- Townsend Davis


Alliance, n.:
	In international politics, the union of two thieves who have
	their hands so deeply inserted in each other's pocket that they
	cannot separately plunder a third.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


At last, the first Soviet, artificially intelligent computer had been produced.
The engineers did not get it, nor the physicists.  First things first: it went
to the institute of Marxism-Leninism.

"IS IT POSSIBLE TO BUILD SOCIALISM IN SWITZERLAND?" typed in one of the
	theologians.
"YES," replied the computer.  "BUT IT WOULD BE SUCH A PITY TO DESTROY
	SUCH A BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY."


	If the tao is great, then the operating system is great.  If the
operating system is great, then the compiler is great.  If the compiler
is great, then the application is great.  If the application is great, then
the user is pleased and there is harmony in the world.
	The tao gave birth to machine language.  Machine language gave birth
to the assembler.
	The assembler gave birth to the compiler.  Now there are ten thousand
languages.
	Each language has its purpose, however humble.  Each language
expresses the yin and yang of software.  Each language has its place within
the tao.
	But do not program in Cobol or Fortran if you can help it.


Aberdeen was so small that when the family with the car went
on vacation, the gas station and drive-in theatre had to close.


Likewise, the national appetizer, brine-cured herring with raw onions,
wins few friends, Germans excepted.
		-- Darwin Porter, "Scandinavia On $50 A Day"


What really shapes and conditions and makes us is somebody only a few
of us ever have the courage to face:  and that is the child you once
were, long before formal education ever got its claws into you -- that
impatient, all-demanding child who wants love and power and can't get
enough of either and who goes on raging and weeping in your spirit
till at last your eyes are closed and all the fools say, "Doesn't he
look peaceful?"  It is those pent-up, craving children who make all
the wars and all the horrors and all the art and all the beauty and
discovery in life, because they are trying to achieve what lay beyond
their grasp before they were five years old.
		-- Robertson Davies, "The Rebel Angels"


If you liked the Earth you'll love Heaven.


You can't run away forever,
But there's nothing wrong with getting a good head start.
		-- Jim Steinman, "Rock and Roll Dreams Come Through"


We are all born mad.  Some remain so.
		-- Samuel Beckett


The new priest was so nervous about performing his first mass that he could
hardly speak.  He asked his Monsignor how he could relax.  The Monsignor
replied that it might help relax him to add just a bit of vodka to the water
pitcher.  The next Sunday, after following the Monsignor's advice, the priest
returned to the rectory to find a note from that worthy.

	1. Next time sip rather than gulp.
	2. There are ten commandments, not 12.
	3. There are 12 disciples, not 10.
	4. We do not refer to the cross as the "Big T".
	5. The recommended grace before meals is not,
		"Rub-a-dub-dub, thanks for the grub, Yaaaay, God!"
	6. Do not refer to our Saviour, Jesus Christ, and his
		Apostles as "J.C. and the Boys".
	7. David slew Goliath, he did not kick the shit out of him.
	8. The Father, Son, and the Holy Ghost are never referred
		to as, "Big Daddy, Junior, and the Spook".
	9. It is always the Virgin Mary, never The Mary with the Cherry.
	10. Last, but not least, next Wednesday there will be a
		Taffy-Pulling Contest at St.Peter's, not a Peter-Pulling
		Contest at St. Taffy's.


I got my driver's license photo taken out of focus on purpose.  Now
when I get pulled over the cop looks at it (moving it nearer and
farther, trying to see it clearly)...  and says, "Here, you can go."
		-- Steven Wright


I really had to act; 'cause I didn't have any lines.
		-- Marilyn Chambers


A young man enters the New York branch of Tiffany's on a Friday evening and
walks up to a display case full of pearl necklaces.  He turns to a gorgeous
woman, who is obviously window shopping, looks her straight in the eye and
says, "I can tell by your eyes that you really want that necklace.  If you'll
allow me, I'd like to buy it for you."
	The woman looks him up and down; he's wearing a nice suit and some
pretty nice jewelry, but she has trouble believing this story.
	"Look, this is some kind of put on, right?"
	"No, really.  You see, I've got quite a lot of money -- so much that
I could never spend it all.  I'd really like for you to have it."
	The guys whips out his checkbook, writes a check for five figures,
calls over a clerk and hands it to him.  The clerk peers at the check, looks
at the young man, looks at the check again.  "Very good, sir.  I'm afraid I
can't release the necklace immediately, would Monday be all right?"
	"That'll be fine, she'll pick it up." the man replies, and walks out
of the store with the woman following him in a daze.
	The next Monday the man comes back in and walks up to the counter.
The same clerk hurries over to him and says, "Sir, I'm sorry to have to tell
you this, but your check was returned for insufficient funds."
	"I know," the man replies.  "I just wanted to thank you for a
terrific weekend."


Tourists -- have some fun with New York's hard-boiled cabbies.  When you
get to your destination, say to your driver, "Pay?  I was hitch-hiking."
		-- David Letterman


We prefer to speak evil of ourselves
rather than not speak of ourselves at all.


Worst Response To A Crisis, 1985:
	From a readers' Q and A column in TV GUIDE: "If we get involved
	in a nuclear war, would the electromagnetic pulses from
	exploding bombs damage my videotapes?"


YOUR FOAMY FUTURE
	by Miss Fortune

SCORPIO (October 24 - November 21)
	"Hard work never killed anybody, but why take the chance?" is your
motto.  You don't do much other than sleep, eat, down brewskis, and watch TV.
Your friends and family are constantly pestering you to clean up your act.
But it's OK, Scorpio.  A kick in the ass is at least one step forward.

SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22 - Dec. 21)
	You've been on a diet for two weeks and all you've lost is two weeks.
My advice is to drink copius amounts of beer just to get the thought of food
out of your mind.  Remember, a good reducing exercise consists of placing
both hands against the table edge and pushing back.

CAPRICORN (Dec. 22 - Jan 19)
	Remember that day you had one beer too many and did something
extremely foolish?  Now your friends are coming and going and your enemies
accumulating.  Cheer up!  All is not lost.  It's better to be hated for
what you are than loved for what you're not.


	One fine day, the bus driver went to the bus garage, started his bus,
and drove off along the route.  No problems for the first few stops -- a few
people got on, a few got off, and things went generally well.  At the next
stop, however, a big hulk of a guy got on.  Six feet eight, built like a
wrestler, arms hanging down to the ground.  He glared at the driver and said,
"Big John doesn't pay!" and sat down at the back.
	Did I mention that the driver was five feet three, thin, and basically
meek?  Well, he was.  Naturally, he didn't argue with Big John, but he wasn't
happy about it.  Well, the next day the same thing happened -- Big John got on
again, made a show of refusing to pay, and sat down.  And the next day, and the
one after that, and so forth.  This grated on the bus driver, who started
losing sleep over the way Big John was taking advantage of him.  Finally he
could stand it no longer. He signed up for bodybuilding courses, karate, judo,
and all that good stuff.  By the end of the summer, he had become quite strong;
what's more, he felt really good about himself.
	So on the next Monday, when Big John once again got on the bus
and said "Big John doesn't pay!," the driver stood up, glared back at the
passenger, and screamed, "And why not?"
	With a surprised look on his face, Big John replied, "Big John has a
bus pass."


My darling wife was always glum.
I drowned her in a cask of rum,
And so made sure that she would stay
In better spirits night and day.


Tart words make no friends; a spoonful of honey
will catch more flies than a gallon of vinegar.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


A nasty looking dwarf throws a knife at you.


	The salesman and the system analyst took off to spend a weekend in the
forest, hunting bear.  They'd rented a cabin, and, when they got there, took
their backpacks off and put them inside.  At which point the salesman turned
to his friend, and said, "You unpack while I go and find us a bear."
	Puzzled, the analyst finished unpacking and then went and sat down
on the porch.  Soon he could hear rustling noises in the forest.  The noises
got nearer -- and louder -- and suddenly there was the salesman, running like
hell across the clearing toward the cabin, pursued by one of the largest and
most ferocious grizzly bears the analyst had ever seen.
	"Open the door!", screamed the salesman.
	The analyst whipped open the door, and the salesman ran to the door,
suddenly stopped, and stepped aside.  The bear, unable to stop, continued
through the door and into the cabin.  The salesman slammed the door closed
and grinned at his friend.  "Got him!", he exclaimed, "now, you skin this
one and I'll go rustle us up another!"


My soul is crushed, my spirit sore
I do not like me anymore,
I cavil, quarrel, grumble, grouse,
I ponder on the narrow house
I shudder at the thought of men
I'm due to fall in love again.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Enough Rope"


After rushing into a drugstore, the nervous young man was obviously
embarrassed when a prim thirty-ish woman asked if she could serve him.
	"N-no," he stammered, "I'd like to see the druggist."
	"I'm the druggist", she replied cheerfully.
	"Oh.. well, uh, it's nothing important," he said, and turned to leave.
	"Young man," said the woman, "my sister and I have been running this
drugstore for nearly ten years.  There is nothing you can tell us that will
embarrass us.
	"Well, all right," he said.  "I have this awful sexual hunger that
nothing will appease.  No matter how many times I make love, I still want to
make love again and again.  Is there anything you can give me for it?"
	"Just a moment," said the woman, "I'll have to discuss this with my
sister."
	A few minutes later, she returned.  "The best we can do," she said,
"is room and board and a half-interest in the business."


Penis envy, n.:
	The desire to be pink and wrinkled and about four inches long.


Rejection, n.:
	When you're masturbating and your hand falls asleep.


	"Are you police officers?"
	"No, ma'am.  We're musicians."
		-- The Blues Brothers


The warden of the De Luxington preparatory school for boys was holding a
hearing.  The lad before his desk, a very popular young fellow, was angrily
accusing one of his schoolmates of having assaulted him sexually.
	"I must warn you, m'boy, this is a very serious charge, the warden
said.
	"I don't care.  I tell you it is true.  He raped me, warden."  The
youth pointed to another, somewhat larger boy smirking in the corner.
"That's him, sir, the one who forced me to do all those crimes against
nature.  The bully!"
	"Now tell me, son, as closely as you can, when this happened."
	"Sir, two weeks ago on Wednesday at 4:00, then at 7:00 that same
evening, on Friday, twice on Saturday, two times on Monday, once on
Wednesday, and then he met that bitch Roy and he hasn't touched me since."


You will be divorced within a year.


You may be gone tomorrow, but that
doesn't mean that you weren't here today.


Debug is human, de-fix divine.


Kissing your hand may make you feel very good, but a diamond and
sapphire bracelet lasts for ever.
		-- Anita Loos, "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes"


I've finally found the perfect girl,
I couldn't ask for more,
She's deaf and dumb and over-sexed,
And owns a liquor store.


If someone had told me I would be Pope
one day, I would have studied harder.
		-- Pope John Paul I


	In the beginning was the DEMO Project.  And the Project was
without form.  And darkness was upon the staff members thereof.  So
they spake unto their Division Head, saying, "It is a crock of shit,
and it stinks."

	And the Division Head spake unto his Department Head, saying,
"It is a crock of excrement and none may abide the odor thereof."  Now,
the Department Head spake unto his Directorate Head, saying, "It is a
container of excrement, and is very strong, such that none may abide
before it."  And it came to pass that the Directorate Head spake unto
the Assistant Technical Director, saying, "It is a vessel of fertilizer
and none may abide by its strength."

	And the assistant Technical Director spake thus unto the
Technical Director, saying, "It containeth that which aids growth and
it is very strong."  And, Lo, the Technical Director spake then unto
the Captain, saying, "The powerful new Project will help promote the
growth of the Laboratories."

	And the Captain looked down upon the Project, and He saw that
it was Good!


Entropy requires no maintenance.
		-- Markoff Chaney


A '49er walked into the saloon at Bloody Gulch.  He'd been prospecting for
more than a year.
	"Hey!  Y'got any wimmen around here?"
	"Nope," the bartender replied, "But there's George in the back room."
	"I don't go for that kind of thing," the prospector scowled.  He
downed his drink and left disgustedly.
A few months passed before the miner found his way down the mountain again.
He stumbled into the tavern and asked the bartender, "Any wimmen pass through
this part of town?"
	"Nope.  Nary a one.  But we still got George in the back room."
	Angry, the miner shouted, "I told you I don't go for that kind of
thing," and turned on his heel and left.
	Within a year he came back from his mine again.  With a wild look on
his face he re-entered the saloon.  Leaning over the bar he whispered to the
bartender, "If I was to go into the back room with George, how many people
'round here would know?"
	"Oh," the bartender said, scratching his chin, "'bout seven, I guess."
	"Seven!?"
	"Yep.  You, me, George, and the four men holdin' him down.  You see,
George don't go for that kind of thing neither."


The last time somebody said, "I find I can write much better with a word
processor.", I replied, "They used to say the same thing about drugs."
		-- Roy Blount, Jr.


You are taking yourself far too seriously.


Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you
want to test a man's character, give him power.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


The man and woman make love, attain climax, fall separate.  Then she
whispers, "I'll tell you who I was thinking of if you tell me who you
were thinking of."  Like most sex jokes the origins of the pleasant
exchange are obscure.  But whatever the source, it seldom fails to evoke
a certain awful recognition.
		-- Gore Vidal, "New York Review of Books"


If the ends don't justify the means, then what does?
		-- Robert Moses


No maintenance:
	Impossible to fix.


I love mankind ... It's people I hate.
		-- Schulz


The Worst Jury
	A murder trial at Manitoba in February 1978 was well advanced, when
one juror revealed that he was completely deaf and did not have the
remotest clue what was happening.
	The judge, Mr. Justice Solomon, asked him if he had heard any
evidence at all and, when there was no reply, dismissed him.
	The excitement which this caused was only equalled when a second
juror revealed that he spoke not a word of English.  A fluent French
speaker, he exhibited great surprised when told, after two days, that he
was hearing a murder trial.
	The trial was abandoned when a third juror said that he suffered
from both conditions, being simultaneously unversed in the English language
and nearly as deaf as the first juror.
	The judge ordered a retrial.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


I have more humility in my little finger than you have in your whole
_B_O_D_Y!
		-- from "Cerebus" #82


Matter cannot be created or destroyed,
nor can it be returned without a receipt.


Reporter:   "What would you do if you found a million dollars?"
Yogi Berra: "If the guy was poor, I would give it back."


If you took all of the grains of sand in the world, and lined
them up end to end in a row, you'd be working for the government!
		-- Mr. Interesting


There are two kinds of fool.  One says, "This is old, and therefore good."
And one says, "This is new, and therefore better."
		-- John Brunner, "The Shockwave Rider"


SAGITTARIUS (Nov 22 - Dec 21)
	You are optimistic and enthusiastic.  You have a reckless
	tendency to rely on luck since you lack talent.  The majority
	of Sagittarians are drunks or dope fiends or both.  People
	laugh at you a great deal.


Tri Delts; everyone else has.


All God's children are not beautiful.  Most of God's children are, in fact,
barely presentable.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"


The King and his advisor are overlooking the battle field:

King:		"How goes the battle plan?"
Advisor:	"See those little black specks running to the right?"
K:	"Yes."
A:	"Those are their guys. And all those little red specks running
	to the left are our guys. Then when they collide we wait till
	the dust clears."
K:	"And?"
A:	"If there are more red specks left than black specks, we win."
K:	"But what about the ^#!!$% battle plan?"
A:	"So far, it seems to be going according to specks."


QOTD:
	"She began coming, making noises like a small animal in pain.
	Ouch!  Ow!  My paw!  Ouch!!"


Help me, I'm a prisoner in a Fortune cookie file!


CONSULTANT:
	(1) Someone you pay to take the watch off your wrist and tell
	you what time it is. (2) (For resume use) The working title
	of anyone who doesn't currently hold a job. Motto: Have
	Calculator, Will Travel.


Every successful person has had failures
but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success.


Password:


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(18) There is no such thing as "war atrocities." War is an atrocity.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


The one L lama, he's a priest
The two L llama, he's a beast
And I will bet my silk pyjama
There isn't any three L lllama.
		-- Ogden Nash, to which a fire chief replied that occasionally
		his department responded to something like a "three L lllama."


I guess I've been so wrapped up in playing the game that I never took
time enough to figure out where the goal line was -- what it meant to
win -- or even how you won.
		-- Cash McCall


LISP:
	To call a spade a thpade.


Unitarians pray "To whom it may concern".


Man has always assumed that he is more intelligent than dolphins because
he has achieved so much -- the wheel, New York, wars and so on -- while
all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good
time.  But, conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were
far more intelligent than man -- for precisely the same reasons.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Brooke's Law:
	Whenever a system becomes completely defined, some damn fool
	discovers something which either abolishes the system or
	expands it beyond recognition.


TRAVEL:
	Something that makes you feel like you're getting somewhere.


Here comes the orator, with his flood of words and his drop of reason.


Under every stone lurks a politician.
		-- Aristophanes


Yea from the table of my memory
I'll wipe away all trivial fond records.
		-- Hamlet


The genius of our ruling class is that it has kept a majority of the
people from ever questioning the inequity of a system where most people
drudge along paying heavy taxes for which they get nothing in return.
		-- Gore Vidal


		DETERIORATA

Go placidly amid the noise and waste,
And remember what comfort there may be in owning a piece thereof.
Avoid quiet and passive persons, unless you are in need of sleep.
Rotate your tires.
Speak glowingly of those greater than yourself,
And heed well their advice -- even though they be turkeys.
Know what to kiss -- and when.
Remember that two wrongs never make a right,
But that three do.
Wherever possible, put people on "HOLD".
Be comforted, that in the face of all aridity and disillusionment,
And despite the changing fortunes of time,
There is always a big future in computer maintenance.

	You are a fluke of the universe ...
	You have no right to be here.
	Whether you can hear it or not, the universe
	Is laughing behind your back.
		-- National Lampoon


Truth is free, but information costs.


You have a strong desire for a home
and your family interests come first.


There's only one everything.


So, you better watch out!
You better not cry!
You better not pout!
I'm telling you why,
Santa Claus is coming, to town.

He knows when you've been sleeping,
He know when you're awake.
He knows if you've been bad or good,
He has ties with the CIA.
So...


When you die, you lose a very important part of your life.
		-- Brooke Shields


Good day to avoid cops.  Crawl to work.


God created woman.
And boredom did indeed cease from that moment --
but many other things ceased as well.
Woman was God's second mistake.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Work Rule: Leave of Absence (for an Operation):
	We are no longer allowing this practice.  We wish to discourage
any thoughts that you may not need all of whatever you have, and you
should not consider having anything removed.  We hired you as you are,
and to have anything removed would certainly make you less than we
bargained for.


Then there was the girl who was engaged
to a gymnast -- 'til he broke it off.


When we jumped into Sicily, the units became separated, and I couldn't find
anyone.  Eventually I stumbled across two colonels, a major, three captains,
two lieutenants, and one rifleman, and we secured the bridge.  Never in the
history of war have so few been led by so many.
		-- General James Gavin


My brother sent me a postcard the other day with this big satellite photo
of the entire earth on it. On the back it said: "Wish you were here".
		-- Steven Wright


American culture is based on the automobile, and any young man of promise
is going to own one and want to travel great distances in it.  Consequently,
any young woman of aspiration should expect to spend most of her vacations
in a car, probing into unfamiliar corners.  She is not required to know how
to drive but she will certainly be expected to read the road map while her
husband drives, and if she can't, or if she's abnormally slow in giving him
help, she's bound to cause trouble.  Therefore, you'd think that colleges
which train the bright young women who're going to marry the bright young
men who are going to own the Cadillacs that roar back and forth across this
continent would teach the girls to read maps.  None do. They teach a hundred
other useless things, but never a word about the one that will cause the
greatest friction.
		-- James Michener, "Space"


"Can you be more stupid than aggravating the judge AND your lawyer?
No? Oh yes you can: You can aggravate the whole kernel community."
		-- Alexander Lyamin (about Hans Reisers murder trial)


Are you making all this up as you go along?


I opened the drawer of my little desk and a single letter fell out, a
letter from my mother, written in pencil, one of her last, with unfinished
words and an implicit sense of her departure.  It's so curious: one can
resist tears and "behave" very well in the hardest hours of grief.  But
then someone makes you a friendly sign behind a window... or one notices
that a flower that was in bud only yesterday has suddenly blossomed... or
a letter slips from a drawer... and everything collapses.
		-- Letters From Colette


Death to all fanatics!


To spot the expert, pick the one who predicts
the job will take the longest and cost the most.


Q:	How does a mink get babies?
A:	The same way babies get minks.


My sister opened a computer store in Hawaii.
She sells C shells by the seashore.


They have been at a great feast of languages, and stolen the scraps.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"


The three sexual positions during pregnancy.

During the first four months:	Missionary style
During the second four months:	Doggie style
And during the last month:	Coyote style

Coyote style?
	You sit by the hole and howl.


Cure the disease and kill the patient.
		-- Francis Bacon


Gaiety is the most outstanding feature of the Soviet Union.
		-- Joseph Stalin


The only problem with seeing too much is that it makes you insane.
		-- Phaedrus


I've been on this lonely road so long,
Does anybody know where it goes,
I remember last time the signs pointed home,
A month ago.
		-- Carpenters, "Road Ode"


Nullum magnum ingenium sine mixtura dementiae fuit.
		-- Seneca


That reminds me of a friend of mine who went north to work on the Alaskan
pipeline.  Before he went up there, he was just a skinny little runt.  When
he got back, he was a husky fucker.


	"And what will you do when you grow up to be as big as me?"
asked the father of his little son.
	"Diet."


Roland was a warrior, from the land of the midnight sun,
With a Thompson gun for hire, fighting to be done.
The deal was made in Denmark, on a dark and stormy day,
So he set out for Biafra, to join the bloody fray.
Through sixty-six and seven, they fought the Congo war,
With their fingers on their triggers, knee deep in gore.
Days and nights they battled, the Bantu to their knees,
They killed to earn their living, and to help out the Congolese.
	Roland the Thompson gunner...
His comrades fought beside him, Van Owen and the rest,
But of all the Thompson gunners, Roland was the best.
So the C.I.A decided, they wanted Roland dead,
That son-of-a-bitch Van Owen, blew off Roland's head.
	Roland the headless Thompson gunner...
Roland searched the continent, for the man who'd done him in.
He found him in Mombasa, in a bar room drinking gin,
Roland aimed his Thompson gun, he didn't say a word,
But he blew Van Owen's body from there to Johannesburg.
The eternal Thompson gunner, still wandering through the night,
Now it's ten years later, but he stills keeps up the fight.
In Ireland, in Lebanon, in Palestine, in Berkeley,
Patty Hearst... heard the burst... of Roland's Thompson gun, and bought it.
		-- Warren Zevon, "Roland the Headless Thompson Gunner"


There's nothing like the face of a kid eating a Hershey bar.


Q:	What's worse than getting raped by Jack the Ripper?
A:	Getting fingered by Captain Hook!


Whenever someone tells you to take their advice,
you can be pretty sure that they're not using it.


Gentlemen prefer blondes, but who says blondes prefer gentlemen?
		-- Mae West


Isn't it conceivable to you that an intelligent
person could harbor two opposing ideas in his mind?
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson, to reporters


There is a building with four floors.  On the first floor, there
is a convention of architects.  On the second floor, there is a
vinyl manufacturing plant.  On the third floor there is a fast food
stand, and on the fourth floor there is a library.

Q:	What would happen if a librarian traveled down in a small
	elevator with one other person from each floor?
A:	The elevator would be full.


The king arranged a regal marriage for his daughter -- a bond that would unite
two great kingdoms.  Yet, because the young couple seemed so formal to each
other, he posted a spy outside the royal wedding chamber and demanded a full
account of the wedding night's progress.
	"It's hard to tell," said the spy the next morning. "When the prince
entered the chamber, I heard the princess say, quite formally, 'I offer you my
honor.'  Then the prince said, with equal courtliness, 'I honor your offer.'
And that's the way it went all night long -- honor, offer, honor, offer.


HOGAN'S HEROES DRINKING GAME --
	Take a shot every time:

-- Sergeant Schultz says, "I knoooooowww nooooothing!"
-- General Burkhalter or Major Hochstetter intimidate/insult Colonel Klink.
-- Colonel Klink falls for Colonel Hogan's flattery.
-- One of the prisoners sneaks out of camp (one shot for each prisoner to go).
-- Colonel Klink snaps to attention after answering the phone (two shots
	if it's one of our heroes on the other end).
-- One of the Germans is threatened with being sent to the Russian front.
-- Corporal Newkirk calls up a German in his phoney German accent, and
	tricks him (two shots if it's Colonel Klink).
-- Hogan has a romantic interlude with a beautiful girl from the underground.
-- Colonel Klink relates how he's never had an escape from Stalag 13.
-- Sergeant Schultz gives up a secret (two shots if he's bribed with food).
-- The prisoners listen to the Germans' conversation by a hidden transmitter.
-- Sergeant Schultz "captures" one of the prisoners after an escape.
-- Lebeau pronounces "colonel" as "cuh-loh-`nell".
-- Carter builds some kind of device (two shots if it's not explosive).
-- Lebeau wears his apron.
-- Hogan says "We've got no choice" when the someone claims that the
	plan is impossible.
-- The prisoners capture an important German, and sneak him out the tunnel.


It's better to be pissed off than pissed on.


	The Priest's grey nimbus in a niche where he dressed discreetly.
I will not sleep here tonight. Home also I cannot go.
	A voice, sweetened and sustained, called to him from the sea.
Turning the curve he waved his hand.  A sleek brown head, a seal's, far
out on the water, round.  Usurper.
		-- James Joyce, "Ulysses"


Seems like this guy wanders into a rural outfitting store in Alaska,
and starts talking to a rather grizzled old man sitting by the cash
register.
	"Hear ya got a lotta' bears 'round here?"
	"Yeah, you could say that," answers the old man.
	"GRIZZLIES?!?!"
	"A few."
	"Got any bear bells?"
	"What's that?"
	"You know, them little dingle-bells ya put on yer backpack so
bears know yer there so's they can run away ...  I'll take one fer black
bears, and one fer them grizzlies.  Say, how do you know yer in grizzly
country, anyhow?"
	"Look fer scat.  Grizzly scat's different from black bear scat."
	"Well now, what's IN grizzly scat that's different?"
	"Bear bells."


Proper treatment will cure a cold in seven days,
but left to itself, a cold will hang on for a week.
		-- Darrell Huff


In the force if Yoda's so strong, construct a sentence with words in
the proper order then why can't he?


	Mr. Jones related an incident from "some time back" when IBM Canada
Ltd. of Markham, Ont., ordered some parts from a new supplier in Japan.  The
company noted in its order that acceptable quality allowed for 1.5 per cent
defects (a fairly high standard in North America at the time).
	The Japanese sent the order, with a few parts packaged separately in
plastic. The accompanying letter said: "We don't know why you want 1.5 per
cent defective parts, but for your convenience, we've packed them separately."
		-- Excerpted from an article in The (Toronto) Globe and Mail


Winning isn't everything, but losing isn't anything.


The world is a comedy to those who think,
and a tragedy to those who feel.
		-- Horace Walpole


Mosher's Law of Software Engineering:
	Don't worry if it doesn't work right.
	If everything did, you'd be out of a job.


Seeing that death, a necessary end,
Will come when it will come.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"


To be the kind of girl designed to be kissed between the thighs.


Expansion means complexity; and complexity decay.


The end of labor is to gain leisure.


Hawkeye's Conclusion:
	It's not easy to play the clown
	when you've got to run the whole circus.


