I went on to test the program in every way I could devise.  I strained it to
expose its weaknesses.  I ran it for high-mass stars and low-mass stars, for
stars born exceedingly hot and those born relatively cold.  I ran it assuming
the superfluid currents beneath the crust to be absent -- not because I wanted
to know the answer, but because I had developed an intuitive feel for the
answer in this particular case.  Finally I got a run in which the computer
showed the pulsar's temperature to be less than absolute zero.  I had found
an error.  I chased down the error and fixed it.  Now I had improved the
program to the point where it would not run at all.
		-- George Greenstein, "Frozen Star:
		   Of Pulsars, Black Holes and the Fate of Stars"


The young man-about-town enjoyed luxury but didn't always have the means
to buy it, and so he huffily walked out of the Miami Beach hotel when he
found out the charges for room, meals and golf privileges were $300 a day.
He registered across the street at an equally elegant hotel, where the
rates were only $70.  The following morning he went down to the hotel's
golf course and asked Scotty, the pro, to sell him a couple of golf balls.
"Sure," said Scotty.  "That'll be $25 apiece."
	"What?" screamed the bachelor.  "In the hotel across the street
they only charge $1 a ball!"
	"Naturally," replied the pro.  "Over there they get you by the
rooms."


You cannot choose your battlefield, the gods do that for you.
But you can plant a standard where a standard never flew.
		-- Nathalia Crane


Alexander Hamilton started the U.S. Treasury with nothing - and that was
the closest our country has ever been to being even.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


To a New Yorker, all Californians are blond, even the blacks.  There are,
in fact, whole neighborhoods that are zoned only for blond people.  The
only way to tell the difference between California and Sweden is that the
Swedes speak better English.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


Nasrudin called at a large house to collect for charity.  The servant said
"My master is out."  Nasrudin replied, "Tell your master that next time he
goes out, he should not leave his face at the window.  Someone might steal
it."


God is not dead!  He's alive and autographing bibles at Cody's.


In our civilization, and under our republican form of government, intelligence
is so highly honored that it is rewarded by exemption from the cares of office.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Okay, Okay -- I admit it.  You didn't change that program that worked
just a little while ago; I inserted some random characters into the
executable.  Please forgive me.  You can recover the file by typing in
the code over again, since I also removed the source.


Paprika Measure:

	2 dashes    ==  1 smidgen
	2 smidgens  ==  1 pinch
	3 pinches   ==  1 soupcon
	2 soupcons  ==  too much paprika


SAN DIEGO:
	Four million people, where you can't get a
	good cheeseburger, no matter how hard you try.


f u cn rd ths, u cn gt a gd jb n cmptr prgrmmng.


You can write a small letter to Grandma in the filename.
		-- Forbes Burkowski, Computer Science 454,
		   University of Washington


Profanity is the one language all programmers know best.


The more the merrier.
		-- John Heywood


Bounders get bound when they are caught bounding.
		-- Ralph Lewin


The woman hurried home from her doctor's appointment, devastated by the
medical report she had just received.  When her husband came in from work,
she told him, "Darling, the doctor said I have only twelve more hours to
live.  So I've decided I want to go to bed and make passionate love to you
throughout the night.  How does that sound, dearest?"
	"Hey, that's fine for *you*," replied the husband.  "You don't have
to get up in the morning!"


I want to be the white man's brother, not his brother-in-law.
		-- Martin Luther King, Jr.


A yawn is a silent shout.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


LOVE:
	When you don't want someone too close--
	because you're very sensitive to pleasure.


You are as I am with You.


The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
		-- Mark Twain


Sex is an emotion in motion.
		-- Mae West


You will give someone a piece of your mind, which you can ill afford.


Divorce, n.:
	A change of wife.


Money is the root of all wealth.


Know thyself.  If you need help, call the C.I.A.


Back in the good ole days in Texas, when stagecoaches and the like was
popular, there were three people in a stagecoach one day: a true red-
blooded born-and-raised Texas gentleman, a tenderfoot city-slicker from
back East, and a beautiful and well-endowed Texas lady.  The city-
slicker kept eyeing the lady, and finally he leaned forward and said,
"Lady, I'll give you $10 for a blow job."  The Texas gentleman looked
appalled, pulled out his pistol, and killed the city-slicker on the
spot.  The lady gasped and said, "Thank you, suh, for defendin' mah
honor!"  Whereupon the Texan holstered his gun and said, "Your honor,
hell!  No tenderfoot is gonna raise the price of women in Texas!"


The sixth sheik's sixth sheep's sick.
		-- [just say that five times...]


We cannot command nature except by obeying her.
		-- Sir Francis Bacon


It is common sense to take a method and try it.  If it fails,
admit it frankly and try another.  But above all, try something.
		-- Franklin D. Roosevelt


It's been so long since I made love I can't even remember who
gets tied up.
		-- Joan Rivers


His eyes were cold.  As cold as the bitter winter snow that was falling
outside.  Yes, cold and therefore difficult to chew...


Adolescence, n.:
	The stage between puberty and adultery.


Chicago Transit Authority Rider's Rule #36:
	Never ever ask the tough looking gentleman wearing El Rukn
	headgear where he got his "pyramid powered pizza warmer".
		-- Chicago Reader 3/27/81


Hear about...
	the absent minded nurse who made the patient without disturbing
	the bed?


Everything that you know is wrong, but you can be straightened out.


Put your best foot forward.
Or just call in and say you're sick.


Life should not be a journey to the grave with the intention
of arriving safely in a pretty and well preserved body, but
rather to skid in broadside, thoroughly used up, totally worn out,
and loudly proclaiming --WOW---What A RIDE!!


Since we're all here, we must not be all there.
		-- Bob "Mountain" Beck


Fortunate is he for whom the belle toils.


	"Gee, Mudhead, everyone at Morse Science High has an
extracurricular activity except you."
	"Well, gee, doesn't Louise count?"
	"Only to ten, Mudhead."
		-- The Firesign Theatre


Television -- the longest amateur night in history.
		-- Robert Carson


The discerning person is always at a disadvantage.


There's nothing like a girl with a plunging
neckline to keep a man on his toes.


Do molecular biologists wear designer genes?


The most remarkable thing about my mother is that for thirty years she
served the family nothing but leftovers.  The original meal has never
been found.
		-- Calvin Trillin


Another stupid gay joke!!!
	You see, this gay man walks into a Texas bar and orders a strawberry
daiquiri.  The bartender looks him over with amusement and says: "We don't
serve your kind, buddy, why don't you get out of here before the boys come
in and kick your ass?"
	The guy whimpers a little and lisps, "Pleasse misssture I am soooo
thurstay ..."
	Well, the bartender feels somewhat sorry for him and hands him a beer
on the house on the condition that he drink it in the back and leave as soon
as he's done.  A little while later, a hulking cowboy walks in and up to the
bar.  He slams his fist on the bar and hollers, "I'm so thirsty, I could
lick the sweat off of a bulls' balls!"
	From the back of the bar comes the cry...  "Moo, moo, buckaroooooo!!!"


	A doctor, an architect, and a computer scientist were arguing about
whose profession was the oldest.  In the course of their arguments, they
got all the way back to the Garden of Eden, whereupon the doctor said, "The
medical profession is clearly the oldest, because Eve was made from Adam's
rib, as the story goes, and that was a simply incredible surgical feat."
	The architect did not agree.  He said, "But if you look at the Garden
itself, in the beginning there was chaos and void, and out of that the Garden
and the world were created.  So God must have been an architect."
	The computer scientist, who'd listened carefully to all of this, then
commented, "Yes, but where do you think the chaos came from?"


It is only the great men who are truly obscene.  If they had not dared
to be obscene, they could never have dared to be great.
		-- Havelock Ellis


The difference between dogs and cats is that dogs come when they're
called.  Cats take a message and get back to you.


Trap full -- please empty.


PPRB -- Pillage, plunder, rape and burn.


Armstrong's Collection Law:
	If the check is truly in the mail,
	it is surely made out to someone else.


	A sheet of paper crossed my desk the other day and as I read it,
realization of a basic truth came over me.  So simple!  So obvious we couldn't
see it.  John Knivlen, Chairman of Palomar Repeater Club, an amateur radio
group, had discovered how IC circuits work.  He says that smoke is the thing
that makes ICs work because every time you let the smoke out of an IC circuit,
it stops working.  He claims to have verified this with thorough testing.
	I was flabbergasted!  Of course!  Smoke makes all things electrical
work.  Remember the last time smoke escaped from your Lucas voltage regulator
Didn't it quit working?  I sat and smiled like an idiot as more of the truth
dawned.  It's the wiring harness that carries the smoke from one device to
another in your Mini, MG or Jag.  And when the harness springs a leak, it lets
the smoke out of everything at once, and then nothing works.  The starter motor
requires large quantities of smoke to operate properly, and that's why the wire
going to it is so large.
	Feeling very smug, I continued to expand my hypothesis.  Why are Lucas
electronics more likely to leak than say Bosch?  Hmmm...  Aha!!!  Lucas is
British, and all things British leak!  British convertible tops leak water,
British engines leak oil, British displacer units leak hydrostatic fluid, and
I might add British tires leak air, and the British defense unit leaks
secrets... so naturally British electronics leak smoke.
		-- Jack Banton, PCC Automotive Electrical School


It is most dangerous nowadays for a husband to pay any attention to his
wife in public.  It always makes people think that he beats her when
they're alone.  The world has grown so suspicious of anything that looks
like a happy married life.
		-- Oscar Wilde


The majority of the stupid is invincible and guaranteed for all time.
The terror of their tyranny, however, is alleviated by their lack of
consistency.
		-- Albert Einstein


You should avoid hedging, at least that's what I think.


	An Israeli soldier was checking travelers' papers on a road, when a
man and a heavily pregnant woman on a donkey came by.  "Your names please?"
said the soldier.
	"My name is Mary," said the woman.
	"And mine is Joseph," said the man.
	"Oh," said the soldier, a little taken aback, "And where are you
going?"
	"To Bethlehem."
	"Your reason for going there?"
	"To pay our taxes to the government."
	"Tell me," said the soldier, "are you going to name the baby Jesus?"
	"Of course not," said the woman, "What do you think we are, Puerto
Ricans?"


Computer programs expand so as to fill the core available.


The optimist thinks that this is the best of all possible worlds,
and the pessimist knows it.
		-- J. Robert Oppenheimer, "Bulletin of Atomic Scientists"

Yet creeds mean very little, Coth answered the dark god, still speaking
almost gently.  The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all
possible worlds; and the pessimist fears this is true.
		-- James Cabell, "The Silver Stallion"


If you are going to walk on thin ice, you may as well dance.


Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	Do as I say, not as I do.
	Do me a favour and don't tell me about it.  I don't want to know.
	What did you do *this* time?
	If it didn't taste bad, it wouldn't be good for you.
	When I was your age...
	I won't love you if you keep doing that.
	Think of all the starving children in India.
	If there's one thing I hate, it's a liar.
	I'm going to kill you.
	Way to go, clumsy.
	If you don't like it, you can lump it.


Nothing succeeds like success.
		-- Alexandre Dumas


She ran the gamut of emotions from "A" to "B".
		-- Dorothy Parker, on a Kate Hepburn performance


Mathematicians often resort to something called Hilbert space, which is
described as being n-dimensional.  Like modern sex, any number can
play.
		-- Dr. Thor Wald, in "Beep/The Quincunx of Time", by
		   James Blish


Fat people of the world unite, we've got nothing to lose!


Confucius say:
	woman who put man in dog house find him in cat house.
	woman who spring on inner-spring this spring, have off-spring
		next spring.
	man who kiss girl's behind, get crack in face.
	passionate kiss like spider web, lead to undoing of fly.
	man who kicked in testicles get left holding bag.
	man who suck nipples make clean breast of things.
	woman who slide down bannister make monkey shine.
	woman's virginity like balloon, one prick and all gone.
	Kotex not best thing on earth, but next to best.
	squirrel who run up woman's leg not find nuts.
	epileptic woman who give blow-job may bite big one.
	seven days on honeymoon make one hole weak.


I want a girl that can swallow my pride.
		-- Frank Zappa, "Jewish Princess"


If you mess with a thing long enough, it'll break.
		-- Schmidt


The greatest disloyalty one can offer to great pioneers
is to refuse to move an inch from where they stood.


I'm always looking for a new idea that
will be more productive than its cost.
		-- David Rockefeller


As they say about Dungeons and Dragons, "Life's a die, and then you bitch."


Reporter (to Mahatma Gandhi):
		Mr. Gandhi, what do you think of Western Civilization?
Gandhi:		I think it would be a good idea.


I cannot draw a cart, nor eat dried oats;
If it be man's work I will do it.


California is proud to be the home of the freeway.
		-- Ronald Reagan


He who renders warfare fatal to all engaged in it will
be the greatest benefactor the world has yet known.
		-- Sir Richard Burton


... But the reward of a successful collaboration is a thing that cannot
be produced by either of the parties working alone.  It is akin to the
benefits of sex with a partner, as opposed to masturbation.  The latter
is fun, but you show me anyone who has gotten a baby from playing with
him or herself, and I'll show you an ugly baby, with just a whole bunch
of knuckles.
		-- Harlan Ellison


POVERTY:
	An unfortunate state that persists as long
	as anyone lacks anything he would like to have.


Go climb a gravity well.


HONOR:
	Almost as good as in 'er.


No one can feel as helpless as the owner of a sick goldfish.


If you took all the students that felt asleep in class and laid them
end to end, they'd be a lot more comfortable.
		-- "Graffiti in the Big Ten"


Cobol programmers are down in the dumps.


Once Law was sitting on the bench
	And Mercy knelt a-weeping.
"Clear out!" he cried, "disordered wench!
	Nor come before me creeping.
Upon your knees if you appear,
'Tis plain you have no standing here."

Then Justice came.  His Honor cried:
	"YOUR states? -- Devil seize you!"
"Amica curiae," she replied --
	"Friend of the court, so please you."
"Begone!" he shouted -- "There's the door --
I never saw your face before!"
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


If women ran the military complex, would the missiles be shaped differently?


I've got my ANSI C Reference book right here but it doesn't say anything
about getting raped in the ass as part of the official C language (maybe
I should get a C++ reference manual).
		-- Deuce, Jerk City


Soldiers who wish to be a hero
Are practically zero,
But those who wish to be civilians,
They run into the millions.


If only Dionysus were alive!  Where would he eat?
		-- Woody Allen


If I made peace with Russia today, I'd only attack her again tomorrow.  I
just couldn't help myself.
		-- Adolf Hitler


Just because I turn down a contract on a guy doesn't mean he isn't
going to get hit.
		-- Joey


You can't take it with you --
especially when crossing a state line.


All extremists should be taken out and shot.


So many men, so many opinions; every one his own way.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)


Inspiration without perspiration is usually sterile.


I want to marry a girl just like the girl that married dear old dad.
		-- Freud


Q:	What regular expression do you often see around Christmas?
A:	[^L]


Others will look to you for stability,
so hide when you bite your nails.


Rule 46, Oxford Union Society, London:
	Any member introducing a dog into the Society's premises shall
be liable to a fine of one pound.  Any animal leading a blind person
shall be deemed to be a cat.


The truth you speak has no past and no future.
It is, and that's all it needs to be.


It does not matter if you fall down as long as you
pick up something from the floor while you get up.


I can see him a'comin'
With his big boots on,
With his big thumb out,
He wants to get me.
He wants to hurt me.
He wants to bring me down.
But some time later,
When I feel a little straighter,
I'll come across a stranger
Who'll remind me of the danger,
And then.... I'll run him over.
Pretty smart on my part!
To find my way... In the dark!
		-- Phil Ochs


The grand leap of the whale up the Fall of Niagara is esteemed, by all
who have seen it, as one of the finest spectacles in nature.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


unix soit qui mal y pense


