Of all forms of caution, caution in love is the most fatal.


Happiness, n.:
	Finding the owner of a lost bikini.


Stayed in bed all morning just to pass the time,
There's something wrong here, there can be no more denying,
One of us is changing, or maybe we just stopped trying,

And it's too late, baby, now, it's too late,
Though we really did try to make it,
Something inside has died and I can't hide and I just can't fake it...

It used to be so easy living here with you,
You were light and breezy and I knew just what to do
Now you look so unhappy and I feel like a fool.

There'll be good times again for me and you,
But we just can't stay together, don't you feel it too?
But I'm glad for what we had and that I once loved you...

But it's too late baby...
It's too late, now darling, it's too late...
		-- Carol King, "Tapestry"


It is only by risking our persons from one hour to another that we live
at all.  And often enough our faith beforehand in an uncertified result
is the only thing that makes the result come true.
		-- William James


God is really only another artist.  He invented the giraffe, the
elephant and the cat.  He has no real style, He just goes on trying
other things.
		-- Pablo Picasso


Today's weirdness is tomorrow's reason why.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


It was a female that drove me to drink
and I didn't even have the kindness to thank her.
		-- R.E. Baber


Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone.


Invest in physics -- own a piece of Dirac!


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Man:

 1. A beer NEVER leaves the toilet seat up.
 2. A beer lasts longer than seven seconds.
 3. A beer doesn't want to watch pro wrestling.
 4. A beer won't expect you to cook dinner when you're not hungry.
 5. A beer will never leave dirty socks on the floor.
 6. A beer doesn't mind when your mother visits.
 7. A beer does as many chores as a man, with a LOT less complaining.
 8. A beer won't leave you for a younger woman.
 9. A beer won't leave you for a younger man either.
10. A beer won't tease you because you once liked Barry Manilow.


Make headway at work.  Continue to let things deteriorate at home.


Missionary Position:
	The missionary on top.


Death is only a state of mind.

Only it doesn't leave you much time to think about anything else.


It was Penguin lust... at its ugliest.


LOVE:
	I'll let you play with my life if you'll let me play with yours.


Safety Tips for the Post-Nuclear Existence
	Tip #1: How to tell when you are dead.

	1. Little things start bothering you:  little things like worms,
		bugs, ants.
	2. Something is missing in your personal relationships.
	3. Your dog becomes overly affectionate.
	4. You have a hard time getting a waiter.
	5. Exotic birds flock around you.
	6. People ignore you at parties.
	7. You have a hard time getting up in the morning.
	8. You no longer get off on cocaine.


Let no guilty man escape.
		-- U. S. Grant


A diplomat is man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never her age.
		-- Robert Frost


Life is a bitch, but the puppies can be cute.


Unitarians pray "To whom it may concern".


	A man enters a pet shop, seeking to purchase a parrot.  He points
to a fine colorful bird and asks how much it costs.
	When he is told it costs 70,000 zlotys, he whistles in amazement
and asks why it is so much.  "Well, the bird is fluent in Italian and
French and can recite the periodic table."  He points to another bird
and is told that it costs 90,000 zlotys because it speaks French and
German, can knit and can curse in Latin.
	Finally the customer asks about a drab gray bird.  "Ah," he is
told, "that one is 150,000."
	"Why, what can it do?" he asks.
	"Well," says the shopkeeper, "to tell you the truth, he doesn't
do anything, but the other birds call him Mr. Secretary."
		-- being told in Poland, 1987


Tear leather:
	To become excited, as in the sentence "Robin Hood tore
	his leather jerkin' off."


QOTD:
	"I used to be lost in the shuffle, now I just shuffle along with
	the lost."


1 bulls, 3 cows.


The best laid plans of mice and men are held up in the legal department.


... which the Minstrel was supposed by some authorities to have composed
beneath the gibbet at Elsdon on the occasion of his hanging, drawing and
quartering for misguidedly climbing into bed with Sir Oswald Capheughton's
wife, Lady Fleur, when that noble lord was not only in it, but in her at
the same time.  Minstrel Flawse's introduction of himself into Sir Oswald
had met with that reaction known as dog-knotting on the part of all
concerned...
I gan noo wha ma organs gan
When oft I lay abed			I should ha' known 'twas never Fleur
So rither hang me upside doon		That smelt so mooch of sweat
Than by ma empty head.			For she was iver sweet and pure
					And iver her purse was wet.
But old Sir Oswald allus stank
Of horse and hound and dung		So hang me noo fra' Elsdon tree
And when I chose to breech his rank	And draw ma innards out
Was barrel to my bung.			That all the wald around may see
					What I have done without.
But ere ye come to draw ma heart
Na do it all so quick			So prick 'em wet or prick 'em dry
But prise the arse of Oswald 'part	'Tis all the same to me
And bring me back ma prick.		I canna wait for him to die
					Afore I have a pee.
		-- Tom Sharpe, "The Ballad of Prick 'Em Dry"


HEY KIDS!  ANN LANDERS SAYS:
	A great way to prevent the tragedy of unwanted pregnancy is to
become a homosexual.  Every year, millions of young men and women, just
like you, are making the clean change to worry-free homosexuality.
They're having more sex than ever, and more fun than ever.  Send 50 cents
today for my leaflet "Gay sexual techniques".  Be sure to specify the
male or female edition.


That, that is, is.
That, that is not, is not.
That, that is, is not that, that is not.
That, that is not, is not that, that is.


Q:	What do you do if an Irishman throws a pin at you?
A:	Run like hell, he's got a grenade in his mouth!!


	ACHTUNG!!!
Das machine is nicht fur gefingerpoken und mittengrabben.  Ist easy
schnappen der springenwerk, blowenfusen und corkenpoppen mit
spitzensparken.  Ist nicht fur gewerken by das dummkopfen.  Das
rubbernecken sightseeren keepen hands in das pockets.  Relaxen und
vatch das blinkenlights!!!


[The French Riviera is] a sunny place for shady people.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham


LOGO for the Dead

LOGO for the Dead lets you continue your computing activities from
"The Other Side."

The package includes a unique telecommunications feature which lets you
turn your TRS-80 into an electronic Ouija board.  Then, using Logo's
graphics capabilities, you can work with a friend or relative on this
side of the Great Beyond to write programs.  The software requires that
your body be hardwired to an analog-to-digital converter, which is then
interfaced to your computer.  A special terminal (very terminal) program
lets you talk with the users through Deadnet, an EBBS (Ectoplasmic
Bulletin Board System).

LOGO for the Dead is available for 10 percent of your estate
from NecroSoft inc., 6502 Charnelhouse Blvd., Cleveland, OH 44101.
		-- '80 Microcomputing


As fathers commonly go, it is seldom a misfortune to be fatherless;
and considering the general run of sons, as seldom a misfortune to
be childless.

The only solid and lasting peace between a man and his wife is,
doubtless, a separation.
		-- Lord Chesterfield, letter to his son (1763)


A son takes his Italian immigrant father to his first baseball game.  It
happens that it's Old Timer's Day at Yankee stadium and all the baseball
greats are there.  The son escorts his father to box seats right on the
third base line and seats him with beer and a Yankees cap.
	The first batter up is Mickey Mantle.  On the second pitch he
swings that bat and CRACK!  The ball ricochets off the wall for a double.
The crowd goes crazy and the father stands up and yells, "Runna Mickey!
Runna Mickey!"
	The next batter up is Joe DiMaggio.  The pitcher, pitching him
carefully, works him to a 3-2 count and just misses the outside corner.
	"Ball four!" yells the umpire and Joe tosses his bat aside and begins
to walk to first base.
	The father yells out, "Runna Joe!  Runna Joe!"
	"No, no, Pop," corrects his son.  "He got four balls.  He walks."
	And the old man clenches his fist and says solemnly, "Walka proud
Joe.  Walka proud."


	"My mother," said the sweet young steno, "says there are some things
a girl should not do before twenty."
	"Your mother is right," said the executive, "I don't like a large
audience, either."


Solipsists of the World... you are already united.
		-- Kayvan Sylvan


Man is the only animal that laughs and weeps;
for he is the only animal that is struck with the
difference between what things are and what they ought to be.
		-- William Hazlitt


But these pills can't be habit forming;
I've been taking them for years.


I don't love you, asshole, I love your daughter.
		-- The Undergraduate


Politicians speak for their parties, and parties never are, never have
been, and never will be wrong.
		-- Walter Dwight


And I suppose the little things are harder to get used to than the big
ones.  The big ones you get used to, you make up your mind to them.  The
little things come along unexpectedly, when you aren't thinking about
them, aren't braced against them.
		-- Marion Zimmer Bradley, "The Forbidden Tower"


Support Bingo, keep Grandma off the streets.


	"Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it,
and finds himself no wiser than before," Bokonon tells us.  "He is full
of murderous resentment of people who are ignorant without having come
by their ignorance the hard way."
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., "Cat's Cradle"


Systems have sub-systems and sub-systems have sub-systems and so on ad
infinitum -- which is why we're always starting over.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


Some women should be beaten regularly, like gongs.
		-- Noel Coward


Q:	What do you call couples that use that rhythm method?
A:	Parents.


-- The writing implement is more potent than the claymore.
-- The person presenting the ultimate cachinnation possesses thereby the
	optimal cachinnation.


[It is] best to confuse only one issue at a time.
		-- K&R


Timesharing, n.:
	An access method whereby one computer abuses many people.


A black cat crossing your path signifies
that the animal is going somewhere.
		-- Groucho Marx


Today is the first day of the rest of the mess.


The secret of happiness is total disregard of everybody.


He carried me over the stream, striding through the current, his strong,
muscular, thighs scarcely hesitating as he sure-footedly forded the water.
But what was that bulge, small, oblong, solid, that might have been, say,
a pocket camera?
		-- An Exciting Journey


If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate.


A lady with one of her ears applied
To an open keyhole heard, inside,
Two female gossips in converse free --
The subject engaging them was she.
"I think", said one, "and my husband thinks
That she's a prying, inquisitive minx!"
As soon as no more of it she could hear
The lady, indignant, removed her ear.
"I will not stay," she said with a pout,
"To hear my character lied about!"
		-- Gopete Sherany


Fifth Law of Applied Terror:
	If you are given an open-book exam, you will forget your book.
Corollary:
	If you are given a take-home exam, you will forget where you live.


To err is human; to forgive is simply not our policy.
		-- MIT Assassination Club


Greener's Law:
	Never argue with a man who buys ink by the barrel.


Freedom is nothing else but the chance to do better.
		-- Camus


In San Francisco, Halloween is redundant.
		-- Will Durst


My notion of a husband at forty is that a woman should
be able to change him, like a bank note, for two twenties.


The Anglo-Saxon conscience does not prevent the Anglo-Saxon from
sinning, it merely prevents him from enjoying his sin.
		-- Salvador De Madariaga


QOTD:
	"Some people have one of those days.  I've had one of those lives."


Pereant, inquit, qui ante nos nostra dixerunt.
[Confound those who have said our remarks before us.]
or
[May they perish who have expressed our bright ideas before us.]
		-- Aelius Donatus


	"I quite agree with you," said the Duchess; "and the moral of
that is -- `Be what you would seem to be' -- or, if you'd like it put
more simply -- `Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it
might appear to others that what you were or might have been was not
otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be
otherwise.'"
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


System going down at 5 this afternoon to install scheduler bug.


The meek shall inherit the earth; the rest of us, the Universe.


Engineering:	"How will this work?"
Science:	"Why will this work?"
Management:	"When will this work?"
Liberal Arts:	"Do you want fries with that?"


Your mind is the part of you that says,
	"Why'n'tcha eat that piece of cake?"
... and then, twenty minutes later, says,
	"Y'know, if I were you, I wouldn't have done that!"
		-- Steven and Ondrea Levine


All a hacker needs is a tight PUSHJ, a loose pair of UUOs, and a warm
place to shift.


Novinson's Revolutionary Discovery:

	When comes the revolution, things will be different --
	not better, just different.


Boling's postulate:
	If you're feeling good, don't worry.  You'll get over it.


Be sure to evaluate the bird-hand/bush ratio.


People are unconditionally guaranteed to be full of defects.


I suppose some of the variation between Boston drivers and the rest of the
country is due to the progressive Massachusetts Driver Education Manual which
I happen to have in my top desk drawer.  Some of the Tips for Better Driving
are worth considering, to wit:

[131.16d]:
	"Directional signals are generally not used except during vehicle
	inspection; however, a left-turn signal is appropriate when making
	a U-turn on a divided highway."

[96.7b]:
	"When paying tolls, remember that it is necessary to release the
	quarter a full 3 seconds before passing the basket if you are
	traveling more than 60 MPH."


...his disciples lead him in; he just does the rest.
		-- Tommy


To write a sonnet you must ruthlessly
strip down your words to naked, willing flesh.
Then bind them to a metaphor or three,
and take by force a satisfying mesh.
Arrange them to your will, each foot in place.
You are the master here, and they the slaves.
Now whip them to maintain a constant pace
and rhythm as they stand in even staves.
A word that strikes no pleasure?  Cast it out!
What use are words that drive not to the heart?
A lazy phrase? Discard it, shrug off doubt,
and choose more docile words to take its part.
A well-trained sonnet lives to entertain,
by making love directly to the brain.


QOTD:
	"The marines and I have something in common; we're both looking for
	a few good men!"


It has long been an axiom of mine that the
little things are infinitely the most important.
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "A Case of Identity"


I'm going to Iowa for an award.  Then I'm appearing at Carnegie Hall,
it's sold out.  Then I'm sailing to France to be honored by the French
government -- I'd give it all up for one erection.
		-- Groucho Marx


CONSULTANT:
	An ordinary man a long way from home.


The great question that has never been answered and which I have not
yet been able to answer despite my thirty years of research into the
feminine soul is: WHAT DOES A WOMAN WANT?
		-- Sigmund Freud


fortune: No such file or directory


We should be careful to get out of an experience only the wisdom that is
in it - and stay there, lest we be like the cat that sits down on a hot
stove-lid.  She will never sit down on a hot stove-lid again - and that
is well; but also she will never sit down on a cold one any more.
		-- Mark Twain


I wrecked trains because I like to see people die.  I like to hear
them scream.
		-- Sylvestre Matuschka, "the Hungarian Train Wreck Freak",
		   escaped prison 1937, not heard from since


Changing husbands/wives is only changing troubles.
		-- Kathleen Norris


Q:	What's the contour integral around Western Europe?
A:	Zero, because all the Poles are in Eastern Europe!

Addendum: Actually, there ARE some Poles in Western Europe, but they
	are removable!

Q:	An English mathematician (I forgot who) was asked by his
	very religious colleague: Do you believe in one God?
A:	Yes, up to isomorphism!

Q:	What is a compact city?
A:	It's a city that can be guarded by finitely many near-sighted
	policemen!
		-- Peter Lax


Nadia Comaneci, simple perfection.
		-- '76 Olympics


Court, n.:
	A place where they dispense with justice.
		-- Arthur Train


You are taking yourself far too seriously.


The bugs you have to avoid are the ones that give the user not only
the inclination to get on a plane, but also the time.
		-- Kay Bostic


While he was in New York on location for _Bronco Billy_ (1980), Clint
Eastwood agreed to a television interview.  His host, somewhat hostile,
began by defining a Clint Eastwood picture as a violent, ruthless,
lawless, and bloody piece of mayhem, and then asked Eastwood himself to
define a Clint Eastwood picture.  "To me," said Eastwood calmly, "what
a Clint Eastwood picture is, is one that I'm in."
		-- Boller and Davis, "Hollywood Anecdotes"


Birthdays are like busses, never the number you want.


Why, when no honest man will deny in private that every ultimate problem is
wrapped in the profoundest mystery, do honest men proclaim in pulpits that
unhesitating certainty is the duty of the most foolish and ignorant?  Is it
not a spectacle to make the angels laugh?  We are a company of ignorant
beings, feeling our way through mists and darkness, learning only be
incessantly repeated blunders, obtaining a glimmering of truth by falling
into every conceivable error, dimly discerning light enough for our daily
needs, but hopelessly differing whenever we attempt to describe the ultimate
origin or end of our paths; and yet, when one of us ventures to declare that
we don't know the map of the universe as well as the map of our infinitesimal
parish, he is hooted, reviled, and perhaps told that he will be damned to all
eternity for his faithlessness.
		-- Leslie Stephen, "An Agnostic's Apology",
		   Fortnightly Review, 1876


The only "ism" Hollywood believes in is plagiarism.
		-- Dorothy Parker


POVERTY:
	An unfortunate state that persists as long
	as anyone lacks anything he would like to have.


Rhode's Law:
	When any principle, law, tenet, probability, happening, circumstance,
	or result can in no way be directly, indirectly, empirically, or
	circuitously proven, derived, implied, inferred, induced, deducted,
	estimated, or scientifically guessed, it will always for the purpose
	of convenience, expediency, political advantage, material gain, or
	personal comfort, or any combination of the above, or none of the
	above, be unilaterally and unequivocally assumed, proclaimed, and
	adhered to as absolute truth to be undeniably, universally, immutably,
	and infinitely so, until such time as it becomes advantageous to
	assume otherwise, maybe.


The onset and the waning of love make themselves felt
in the uneasiness experienced at being alone together.
		-- Jean de la Bruyere


My interest is in the future because I am
going to spend the rest of my life there.


Your nature demands love and your happiness depends on it.


Life is a bitch, but the puppies can be cute.


Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants.
		-- General Omar N. Bradley


The Messiah will come.  There will be a resurrection of the dead -- all
the things that Jews believed in before they got so damn sophisticated.
		-- Rabbi Meir Kahane


The sixth sheik's sixth sheep's sick.
		-- [just say that five times...]


You may worry about your hair-do today, but tomorrow much peanut butter will
be sold.


If a small child asks you where rain comes from, I think a reasonable response
is simply that "God is crying."  And, if he asks you why God is crying, the
only possible answer is "Probably because of something you did."


Don't tell me how hard you work.  Tell me how much you get done.
		-- James J. Ling


	In what can only be described as a surprise move, God has officially
announced His candidacy for the U.S. presidency.  During His press conference
today, the first in over 4000 years, He is quoted as saying, "I think I have
a chance for the White House if I can just get my campaign pulled together
in time.  I'd like to get this country turned around; I mean REALLY turned
around!  Let's put Florida up north for awhile, and let's get rid of all
those annoying mountains and rivers.  I never could stand them!"
	There apparently is still some controversy over the Almighty's
citizenship and other qualifications for the Presidency.  God replied to
these charges by saying, "Come on, would the United States have anyone other
than a citizen bless their country?"


XML is a giant step in no direction at all.
		-- Erik Naggum


Don't put too fine a point to your wit for fear it should get blunted.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


We all declare for liberty, but in using the
same word we do not all mean the same thing.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Historians have now definitely established that Juan Cabrillo, discoverer
of California, was not looking for Kansas, thus setting a precedent that
continues to this day.
		-- Wayne Shannon


Dying is one of the few things that can be done as easily lying down.
		-- Woody Allen


Default, n.:
	[Possibly from Black English "De fault wid dis system is you,
mon."] The vain attempt to avoid errors by inactivity.  "Nothing will
come of nothing: speak again." -- King Lear.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


You shall judge of a man by his foes as well as by his friends.
		-- Joseph Conrad


Troglodytism does not necessarily imply a low cultural level.


The woman you buy -- and she is the least expensive -- takes a great
deal of money.  The woman who gives herself takes all your time.
		-- Honore de Balzac


But in our enthusiasm, we could not resist a radical overhaul of the
system, in which all of its major weaknesses have been exposed,
analyzed, and replaced with new weaknesses.
		-- Bruce Leverett,
		   "Register Allocation in Optimizing Compilers"


Politicians do it to everyone.


Your first husband was the one you married while firmly believing that
there are more important things in life than great sex.


Hanlon's Razor:
	Never attribute to malice
	that which is adequately explained by stupidity.


Bus error -- driver executed.


The superpowers often behave like two heavily armed blind men feeling their
way around a room, each believing himself in mortal peril from the other,
whom he assumes to have perfect vision.  Each tends to ascribe to the other
side a consistency, foresight and coherence that its own experience belies.
Of course, even two blind men can do enormous damage to each other, not to
speak of the room.
		-- Henry Kissinger


Many a family tree needs trimming.


Life is a game of bridge -- and you've just been finessed.


The only justification for our concepts and systems of concepts is
that they serve to represent the complex of our experiences;
beyond this they have no legitimacy.
		-- Albert Einstein


It will be generally found that those who sneer habitually at human
nature and affect to despise it, are among its worst and least pleasant
examples.
		-- Charles Dickens


I don't know why we're here, I say we all go home and free associate.


Keep your mouth shut and people will think you stupid;
Open it and you remove all doubt.


We drove to the hotel and said goodbye.  How hypocritical to go upstairs
with a man you don't want to fuck, leave the one you do sitting there alone,
and then, in a state of great excitement, fuck the one you don't want to
fuck while pretending he's the one you do.  That's called fidelity.  That's
called civilization and its discontents.
		-- Erica Jong, "Fear of Flying"


The day advanced as if to light some work of mine; it was morning,
and lo! now it is evening, and nothing memorable is accomplished.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


You will be successful in love.


Real Programmers don't write in PL/I.  PL/I is for
programmers who can't decide whether to write in COBOL or FORTRAN.


	A woman was in love with fourteen soldiers, it was clearly platoonic.


Carmel, New York, has an ordinance forbidding men to wear coats and
trousers that don't match.


You can do this in a number of ways.  IBM chose to do all of them.
Why do you find that funny?
		-- D. Taylor, Computer Science 350, University of Washington


Self-abuse is the most certain road to the grave.
		-- Dr. George M. Calhoun (1855)


Bill and Jim were walking home from work.  As they walked along, they
discussed their wives' spending habits.  "I don't understand how women
can spend so much money," Bill exclaimed.  "I mean, understand, she
don't drink, and she's got her own pussy!"


It looked like something resembling white marble, which was
probably what it was: something resembling white marble.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #2
	Horses are forbidden to eat fire hydrants in Marshalltown, Iowa.


Trust me:
	Los Angeles for "Fuck you, your mother, and the horse
	she rode in on."


A critic is a bundle of biases held loosely together by a sense of taste.
		-- Whitney Balliett


A teacher announces to her class, "Children, the student who can name the
greatest man who ever lived will win a shiny red apple."
	Immediately an Italian boy raises his hand.
	"Yes, Tony?"
	"Christopher Columbus!" says Tony.
	"Well," says the teacher, "Christopher Columbus was a very great man,
but I don't think he was the greatest man who ever lived."
	From the back of the room little Bernie Goldstein raises his hand.
	"Yes, Bernie?"
	"Jesus Christ", says Bernie.
	"That is correct, Bernie," pronounces the teacher.  "And here is
your apple."
	When Bernie gets up to the front of the room to claim his prize,
the teacher says, "Bernie, given the fact that you're Jewish, I'm surprised
that you thought Jesus was the greatest man who ever lived."
	"Well, actually," replies Bernie, "I do think Moses had the edge,
but business is business."


Support the American Kidney Foundation.
Don't wear your motorcycle helmet.


One good turn deserves another.
		-- Gaius Petronius


The most exquisite peak in culinary art is conquered when you do right by a
ham, for a ham, in the very nature of the process it has undergone since last
it walked on its own feet, combines in its flavor the tang of smoky autumnal
woods, the maternal softness of earthy fields delivered of their crop children,
the wineyness of a late sun, the intimate kiss of fertilizing rain, and the
bite of fire.  You must slice it thin, almost as thin as this page you hold
in your hands.  The making of a ham dinner, like the making of a gentleman,
starts a long, long time before the event.
		-- W. B. Courtney, "Reflections of Maryland Country Ham",
		   from "Congress Eate It Up"


Well, see, I was out with this chick last night, and we were in bed, and
she groaned to me, "Give me nine inches, and make it hurt!"  So, I fucked
her twice and slapped her.


All of the animals except man know that
the principal business of life is to enjoy it.


Wilner's Observation:
	All conversations with a potato should be conducted in private.


The one good thing about repeating your
mistakes is that you know when to cringe.


Q:	How do you shoot a blue elephant?
A:	With a blue-elephant gun.

Q:	How do you shoot a pink elephant?
A:	Twist its trunk until it turns blue, then shoot it with
	a blue-elephant gun.


Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards,
for they become soggy and hard to light.

Do not throw cigarette butts in the urinal,
for they are subtle and quick to anger.


Too much of a good thing is WONDERFUL.
		-- Mae West


Q:	What's the difference between Los Angeles and yogurt?
A:	Yogurt has a living, active culture.


BASIC is the Computer Science equivalent of "Scientific Creationism."


If the human brain were so simple that we could understand it,
we would be so simple we couldn't.


The new rooster caused a great stir in the barnyard.  From resplendent comb
to defiant spurs, he was the picture of young bantamhood.  Almost immediately
upon arrival, he was greeted by an elderly rooster who took him behind the
barn and whispered in his ear: "Young fellow, I'm long past my prime.  All I
want now is peace and solitude.  So you take over right now as ruler of the
roost with my blessings."
	The newcomer did just that.  He went about his squirely duties as only
a young rooster could.  After several days, however, the elder rooster again
took the young champion behind the barn.  "Kid," he said, "the hens are after
me for giving up my position so readily.  So why don't we have a race, say,
ten laps around the farmhouse?  The winner becomes undisputed keeper of the
henhouse and the hens will stop nagging me."
	The young rooster, with only contempt for his elder, agreed.
Surprisingly, the older one jumped off to an early lead.  His counterpart,
weakened by the activities of the previous week, was never quite able to
overtake him.  As they rounded the barn for the fourth time, the elder rooster
maintained a formidable lead.
	Suddenly, a shotgun blast rang out.  The young rooster fell in the
dust, his plumage riddled with buckshot.
	"Dammit, Emmy," said the farmer.  "That's the last rooster we buy
from Ferguson.  Four of 'em this month, and every one's been queer."


Thieves respect property; they merely wish the property to become
their property that they may more perfectly respect it.
		-- G. K. Chesterton, "The Man Who Was Thursday"


	Old Barlow was a crossing-tender at a junction where an express train
demolished an automobile and its occupants. Being the chief witness, his
testimony was vitally important. Barlow explained that the night was dark,
and he waved his lantern frantically, but the driver of the car paid
no attention to the signal.
	The railroad company won the case, and the president of the company
complimented the old-timer for his story. "You did wonderfully," he said,
"I was afraid you would waver under testimony."
	"No sir," exclaimed the senior, "but I sure was afraid that durned
lawyer was gonna ask me if my lantern was lit."


