As of next Tuesday, C will be flushed in favor of COBOL.
Please update your programs.


It is not for me to attempt to fathom the
inscrutable workings of Providence.
		-- The Earl of Birkenhead


The one sure way to make a lazy man look
respectable is to put a fishing rod in his hand.


Life is like an onion: you peel off layer after
layer and then you find there is nothing in it.
		-- James Huneker


Christ died for our sins, so let's not disappoint Him.


I wonder what the leash and collar set does for excitement?
		-- Tramp, "Lady and the Tramp"


There has also been some work to allow the interesting use of macro names.
For example, if you wanted all of your "creat()" calls to include read
permissions for everyone, you could say

	#define creat(file, mode)	creat(file, mode | 0444)

	I would recommend against this kind of thing in general, since it
hides the changed semantics of "creat()" in a macro, potentially far away
from its uses.
	To allow this use of macros, the preprocessor uses a process that
is worth describing, if for no other reason than that we get to use one of
the more amusing terms introduced into the C lexicon.  While a macro is
being expanded, it is temporarily undefined, and any recurrence of the macro
name is "painted blue" -- I kid you not, this is the official terminology
-- so that in future scans of the text the macro will not be expanded
recursively.  (I do not know why the color blue was chosen; I'm sure it
was the result of a long debate, spread over several meetings.)
		-- From Ken Arnold's "C Advisor" column in Unix Review


The seven year itch comes from fooling around during the fourth, fifth,
and sixth years.


The Least Successful Executions
	History has furnished us with two executioners worthy of attention.
The first performed in Sydney in Australia.  In 1803 three attempts were
made to hang a Mr. Joseph Samuels.  On the first two of these the rope
snapped, while on the third Mr. Samuels just hung there peacefully until he
and everyone else got bored.  Since he had proved unsusceptible to capital
punishment, he was reprieved.
	The most important British executioner was Mr. James Berry who
tried three times in 1885 to hang Mr. John Lee at Exeter Jail, but on each
occasion failed to get the trap door open.
	In recognition of this achievement, the Home Secretary commuted
Lee's sentence to "life" imprisonment.  He was released in 1917, emigrated
to America and lived until 1933.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Q:	What's the difference between Los Angeles and yogurt?
A:	Yogurt has a living, active culture.


Somebody's terminal is dropping bits.
I found a pile of them over in the corner.


In the beginning was the word.
But by the time the second word was added to it,
there was trouble.
For with it came syntax ...
		-- John Simon


FORTUNE TESTS THE GREAT MANAGERS: #3

You have prepared a proposal for your supervisor.  The success of this
proposal will mean increasing your salary 20%.  In the middle of your
proposal your supervisor leans over to look at your report and spits into
your coffee.  You:

	(a)  Tell him you take your coffee black.
	(b)  Ask him if he has any communicable diseases.
	(c)  Show him who's in command; promptly take a piss in his
		"In" basket.
	(d)  Take a sip and comment how much better it tastes.


Trust in Allah, but tie your camel.
		-- Arabian proverb


If Machiavelli were a programmer, he'd have worked for AT&T.


Like corn in a field I cut you down,
I threw the last punch way too hard,
After years of going steady, well, I thought it was time,
To throw in my hand for a new set of cards.
And I can't take you dancing out on the weekend,
I figured we'd painted too much of this town,
And I tried not to look as I walked to my wagon,
And I knew then I had lost what should have been found,
I knew then I had lost what should have been found.
	And I feel like a bullet in the gun of Robert Ford
	I'm as low as a paid assassin is
	You know I'm cold as a hired sword.
	I'm so ashamed we can't patch it up,
	You know I can't think straight no more
	You make me feel like a bullet, honey,
		a bullet in the gun of Robert Ford.
		-- Elton John "I Feel Like a Bullet"


Relations are simply a tedious pack of people, who haven't the remotest
knowledge of how to live, nor the smallest instinct about when to die.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Importance of Being Earnest"


TODAY:
	A nice place to visit, but you can't stay here for long.


We gotta get out of this place,
If it's the last thing we ever do.
		-- The Animals


A gift of a flower will soon be made to you.


Nature, to be commanded, must be obeyed.
		-- Francis Bacon


When all else fails, try Kate Smith.


A sadist is a masochist who follows the Golden Rule.


Bizoos, n.:
	The millions of tiny individual bumps that make up a
	basketball.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


The way of the world is to praise dead saints and prosecute live ones.
		-- Nathaniel Howe


He who farts in church must sit in his own pew.


Infancy, n.:
	The period of our lives when, according to Wordsworth, "Heaven lies
	about us."  The world begins lying about us pretty soon afterward.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


You can fool all the people all of the time if the advertising is right
and the budget is big enough.
		-- Joseph E. Levine


When I said "we", officer, I was referring to
myself, the four young ladies, and, of course, the goat.


Women are nothing but machines for producing children.
		-- Napoleon


If you find for your verse there's no call,
And you can't afford paper at all,
	For the true poet born,
	However forlorn,
There is always the lavat'ry wall.


	Reporters like Bill Greider from the Washington Post and Him
Naughton of the New York Times, for instance, had to file long, detailed,
and relatively complex stories every day -- while my own deadline fell
every two weeks -- but neither of them ever seemed in a hurry about
getting their work done, and from time to time they would try to console
me about the terrible pressure I always seemed to be laboring under.
	Any $100-an-hour psychiatrist could probably explain this problem
to me, in thirteen or fourteen sessions, but I don't have time for that.
No doubt it has something to do with a deep-seated personality defect, or
maybe a kink in whatever blood vessel leads into the pineal gland...  On
the other hand, it might be something as simple & basically perverse as
whatever instinct it is that causes a jackrabbit to wait until the last
possible second to dart across the road in front of a speeding car.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing:
		   On the Campaign Trail"


A man was talking to his best friend about his married life.  "You know," he
says, "I really trust my wife, and I think she has always been faithful to
me, but there's *always* that doubt.  There's *always* that little doubt."
	"Yeah, I know what you mean," his friend replies.
	"Well, buddy, I've got to leave on a business trip this weekend,
and I wonder... well... would you watch my house while I'm gone?  I trust
her, it's just that there's *always* that doubt."
	The friend agreed to help out and two weeks later gave his report.
	"I've got some bad news for you," says the friend.  "The evening
after you left I saw a strange car pull up in front of your house.  A man
got out of the car and went in the house and had dinner with your wife.
After dinner they went upstairs and I saw your wife kissing him.  Then, he
took off his shirt and she took off her blouse.  And then the light went
out."
	"*Then* what happened?" said the husband, his eyes opening wide.
	"Well, I don't know," replied the friend, "it was too dark to see."
	"Damn!" roared the husband.  "You see what I mean?  There's *always*
that doubt!"


MODESTY:
	Being comfortable that others will discover your greatness.


May you have warm words on a cold evening,
a full moon on a dark night,
and a smooth road all the way to your door.


Uncle Ed's Rule of Thumb:
	Never use your thumb for a rule.
	You'll either hit it with a hammer or get a splinter in it.


Nothing makes one so vain as being told that one is a sinner.
Conscience makes egotists of us all.
		-- Oscar Wilde


$100 invested at 7% interest for 100 years will become $100,000, at
which time it will be worth absolutely nothing.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"


Unnamed Law:
	If it happens, it must be possible.


The last person that quit or was fired will be held responsible for
everything that goes wrong -- until the next person quits or is fired.


If sarcasm were posted on Usenet, would anybody notice?
		-- James Nicoll


Something better...

 1 (obvious): Excuse me.  Is that your nose or did a bus park on your face?
 2 (meteorological): Everybody take cover.  She's going to blow.
 3 (fashionable): You know, you could de-emphasize your nose if you wore
	something larger.  Like ... Wyoming.
 4 (personal): Well, here we are.  Just the three of us.
 5 (punctual): Alright gentlemen.  Your nose was on time but you were fifteen
	minutes late.
 6 (envious): Oooo, I wish I were you.  Gosh.  To be able to smell your
	own ear.
 7 (naughty): Pardon me, Sir.  Some of the ladies have asked if you wouldn't
	mind putting that thing away.
 8 (philosophical): You know.  It's not the size of a nose that's important.
	It's what's in it that matters.
 9 (humorous): Laugh and the world laughs with you.  Sneeze and its goodbye
	Seattle.
10 (commercial): Hi, I'm Earl Schibe and I can paint that nose for $39.95.
11 (polite): Ah.  Would you mind not bobbing your head.  The orchestra keeps
	changing tempo.
12 (melodic): Everybody! "He's got the whole world in his nose."
		-- Steve Martin, "Roxanne"


How comes it to pass, then, that we appear such cowards
in reasoning, and are so afraid to stand the test of ridicule?
		-- A. Cooper


Man who falls in vat of molten optical glass makes spectacle of self.


Mistress, n.:
	Something between a mister and a mattress.


QOTD:
	"The only real difference between men and women is that men are
	crabby all month long."


The number of arguments is unimportant unless some of them are
correct.
		-- Ralph Hartley


Q:	Why do WASPs play golf?
A:	So they can dress like pimps.


Government [is] an illusion the governed should not encourage.
		-- John Updike, "Couples"


Captain Hook died of jock itch.


Thus mathematics may be defined as the subject in which we never know
what we are talking about, nor whether what we are saying is true.
		-- Bertrand Russell


In any problem, if you find yourself doing an infinite amount of work,
the answer may be obtained by inspection.


If you sell diamonds, you cannot expect to have many customers.
But a diamond is a diamond even if there are no customers.
		-- Swami Prabhupada


I have become me without my consent.


While most peoples' opinions change,
the conviction of their correctness never does.


There are revolutions that are sweeping the world and we in America
have been in a position of trying to stop them.  With all the wealth of
America, with all of the military strength of America, those
revolutions are revolutions against a form of political and economic
organization in the countries of Asia and the Middle East that are
oppressive.  They are revolutions against feudalism.  [1952]
		-- Supreme Court Justice William O. Douglas


Life is a concentration camp.  You're stuck here and there's no way
out and you can only rage impotently against your persecutors.
		-- Woody Allen


Subpoena, n.:
	From the root "sub", below, and the Latin "poena" for male
	organ or penis.  Therefore, "below the penis" or "by the balls."


Q:	How many pre-med's does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	Five:  One to change the bulb and four to pull the ladder
	out from under him.


Brain, v. [as in "to brain"]:
	To rebuke bluntly, but not pointedly; to dispel a source
	of error in an opponent.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The only problem with seeing too much is that it makes you insane.
		-- Phaedrus


Eeny, Meeny, Jelly Beanie, the spirits are about to speak!
		-- Bullwinkle J. Moose


Good night, Austin, Texas, wherever you are!


State license plates we'd like to see:

	   NEVADA				MASSACHUSETTS
	  LVME 10DR				  OW-A CAH
LAND OF 10,00 ELVIS IMPERSONATORS	   THE GOOFY ACCENT STATE

	   HAWAII				WISCONSIN
	   L-O HA				 CHEDDAR
FRUITY UMBRELLA COCKTAIL WONDERLAND	    EAT CHEESE OR DIE


I met a wonderful new man.  He's fictional, but you can't have everything.
		-- Cecelia, "The Purple Rose of Cairo"


		Hard Copies and Chmod

And everyone thinks computers are impersonal
cold diskdrives hardware monitors
user-hostile software

of course they're only bits and bytes
and characters and strings
and files

just some old textfiles from my old boyfriend
telling me he loves me and
he'll take care of me

simply a discarded printout of a friend's directory
deep intimate secrets and
how he doesn't trust me

couldn't hurt me more if they were scented in lavender or mould
on personal stationery
		-- terri@csd4.milw.wisc.edu


	While serving as a subaltern in the Boer War, the young Churchill was
asked by a superior officer to give his opinion of the Boers as soldiers.
 "They're assholes, sir," he ventured, then paused briefly and added, with a
whimsical smile, "They're assholes."
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


Don't get stuck in a closet -- wear yourself out.


Sex is like a bridge game.
If you have a good hand no partner is needed.


When Dexter's on the Internet, can Hell be far behind?


Anyone stupid enough to be caught by the police is probably guilty.


I feel sorry for your brain... all alone in that great big head...


Harp not on that string.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


Sum quod eris.


A government that is big enough to give you all you want is big enough
to take it all away.
		-- Barry Goldwater


Due to circumstances beyond your control, you are master of your
fate and captain of your soul.


I have just had eighteen whiskeys in a row.
I do believe that is a record.
		-- Dylan Thomas, his last words


(He opens a tolm and begins.)

	It says: "In the beginning was the Word."
	Already I am stopped.  It seems absurd.
	The Word does not deserve the highest prize,
	I must translate it otherwise.
	If I am well inspired and not blind.
	It says: "In the beginning was the Mind."
	Ponder that first line, wait and see,
	Lest you should write too hastily.
	Is the Mind the all-creating source?
	It ought to say: "In the beginning there was Force."
	Yet something warns me as I grasp the pen,
	That my translation must be changed again.
	The spirit helps me.  Now it is exact.
	I write: "In the beginning was the Act."
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, "Faust"


Responsibility:
	Everyone says that having power is a great responsibility.  This is
a lot of bunk.  Responsibility is when someone can blame you if something
goes wrong.  When you have power you are surrounded by people whose job it
is to take the blame for your mistakes.  If they're smart, that is.
		-- Cerebus, "On Governing"


Talking about music is like dancing about architecture.
		-- Laurie Anderson


Prope mare erat tubulator
Qui virginem ingrediebatur.
	Dessine ingressus
	Audivi progressus:
Est mihi inquit tubulator.


Our vision is to speed up time, eventually eliminating it.
		-- Alex Schure


Your nature demands love and your happiness depends on it.


Hear about...
	the perverted Australian who left his wife and returned to Sydney?


Never put off till run-time what you can do at compile-time.
		-- D. Gries


It wasn't exactly a divorce -- I was traded.
		-- Tim Conway


Earth Destroyed by Solar Flare -- film clips at eleven.


If anyone has seen my dog, please contact me at x2883 as soon as possible.
We're offering a substantial reward.  He's a sable collie, with three legs,
blind in his left eye, is missing part of his right ear and the tip of his
tail.  He's been recently fixed.  Answers to "Lucky".


African violet:		Such worth is rare
Apple blossom:		Preference
Bachelor's button:	Celibacy
Bay leaf:		I change but in death
Camellia:		Reflected loveliness
Chrysanthemum, red:	I love
Chrysanthemum, white:	Truth
Chrysanthemum, other:	Slighted love
Clover:			Be mine
Crocus:			Abuse not
Daffodil:		Innocence
Forget-me-not:		True love
Fuchsia:		Fast
Gardenia:		Secret, untold love
Honeysuckle:		Bonds of love
Ivy:			Friendship, fidelity, marriage
Jasmine:		Amiability, transports of joy, sensuality
Leaves (dead):		Melancholy
Lilac:			Youthful innocence
Lily:			Purity, sweetness
Lily of the valley:	Return of happiness
Magnolia:		Dignity, perseverance
	* An upside-down blossom reverses the meaning.


Q:	How can you tell when a Polish girl's been sucking cock?
A:	She has a mouthful of feathers.


Unless hours were cups of sack, and minutes capons, and clocks the tongues
of bawds, and dials the signs of leaping houses, and the blessed sun himself
a fair, hot wench in flame-colored taffeta, I see no reason why thou shouldst
be so superfluous to demand the time of the day.  I wasted time and now doth
time waste me.
		-- William Shakespeare


APL is a write-only language.  I can write programs
in APL, but I can't read any of them.
		-- Roy Keir


In the war of wits, he's unarmed.


All this big deal about white collar crime -- what's WRONG with white collar
crime?  Who enjoys his job today?  You?  Me?  Anybody?  The only satisfying
part of any job is coffee break, lunch hour and quitting time.  Years ago
there was at least the hope of improvement -- eventual promotion -- more
important jobs to come.  Once you can be sold the myth that you may make
president of the company you'll hardly ever steal stamps.  But nobody
believes he's going to be president anymore.  The more people change jobs
the more they realize that there is a direct connection between working for
a living and total stupefying boredom.  So why NOT take revenge?  You're not
going to find ME knocking a guy because he pads an expense account and his
home stationery carries the company emblem.  Take away crime from the white
collar worker and you will rob him of his last vestige of job interest.
		-- J. Feiffer


The shy young man had been married for three months when he reported to his
doctor that his marriage was still in name only.  The doctor, after hearing
the sad tale, told him that waiting until bedtime to make advances was causing
psychological pressure and advised him to take advantage of the next time he
felt in the mood.  A week later, the doctor happened to meet the man again,
and noticed a new spring in his step.  "My advice worked, I take it?" he
inquired.
	The young man grinned.  "Perfectly.  The other night, we were having
supper, and as I reached for the salt -- so did she!  Our hands touched... It
was as if an electric current ran through us.  I leaped to my feet, swept the
dishes from the table and then and there consummated our marriage!  There's
just one problem, however.  We can't go back to The Four Seasons again..."


There is very little future in being right when your boss is wrong.


Most people eat as though they were fattening themselves for market.
		-- Edgar W. Howe


No skis take rocks like rental skis!


Let sleeping dogs lie.
		-- Charles Dickens


Dentist, n.:
	A Prestidigitator who, putting metal in one's mouth,
	pulls coins out of one's pockets.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Death is God's way of telling you not to be such a wise guy.


Said a modest young miss to de Sade,
I'm simply too shy and afraid
	To take part in your pranks.
	But to show you my thanks,
I'd just love to become your first aide.


If you want divine justice, die.
		-- Nick Seldon


The pitcher wound up and he flang the ball at the batter.  The batter swang
and missed.  The pitcher flang the ball again and this time the batter
connected.  He hit a high fly right to the center fielder. The center
fielder was all set to catch the ball, but at the last minute his eyes were
blound by the sun and he dropped it.
		-- Dizzy Dean


HOW TO REMOVE STAINS -- #28
	Semen stains can be removed from computer terminals with
	Fantastik or the like.  Use Windex on the glass however, and
	be sure to turn the power off if you have to clean between
	the keys.


To get something clean, one has to get something dirty.
To get something dirty, one does not have to get anything clean.


The makers may make,
And the users may use,
But the fixers must fix
With but minimal clues.


I suppose that in a few hours I will sober up. That's such a sad
thought. I think I'll have a few more drinks to prepare myself.


Short people get rained on last.


Money can't buy happiness, but it can make you
awfully comfortable while you're being miserable.
		-- C. B. Luce


GREAT MOMENTS IN HISTORY (#7):  April 2, 1751

Isaac Newton becomes discouraged when he falls up a flight of stairs.


Remember the good old days, when CPU was singular?


Heard that the next Space Shuttle is supposed to carry several
Guernsey cows?  It's gonna be the herd shot 'round the world.


A good supervisor can step on your toes without messing up your shine.


Experience is the worst teacher.  It always
gives the test first and the instruction afterward.


Randel, n.:
	A nonsensical poem recited by Irish schoolboys as an apology
for farting at a friend.
		-- Mrs. Byrne's Dictionary of Unusual, Obscure, and
		   Preposterous Words


Hi Jimbo.  Dennis.  Really appreciate the help on the income tax.
You wanna help on the audit now?


QOTD:
	"Overweight is when you step on your dog's tail and it dies."


One morning after an evening of particularly heavy drinking, a man awoke
and upon rolling over in bed saw one of the ugliest women he had ever
seen.  As he was about to get out of bed, he looked on the floor and saw
another woman even less appealing than the first.  Seeing his look of
wide-eyed amazement, the woman on the floor snapped, "Don't look at me
like that, I was only the bridesmaid."


The orders come down and they march us away.
There's a battle outside and we join in the fray.
God, it's hell when you know this could be your last day,
But it's better than working for Xerox.
		-- Frank Hayes, "Don't Ask"


Razors pain you;
Rivers are damp;
Acids stain you;
And drugs cause cramp.
Guns aren't lawful;
Nooses give;
Gas smells awful;
You might as well live.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Resume", 1926


Were it not for the presence of the unwashed and the half-educated, the
formless, queer and incomplete, the unreasonable and absurd, the infinite
shapes of the delightful human tadpole, the horizon would not wear so wide
a grin.
		-- F. M. Colby, "Imaginary Obligations"


I see where we are starting to pay some attention to our neighbors to
the south.  We could never understand why Mexico wasn't just crazy about
us; for we have always had their good will, and oil and minerals, at heart.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


The sum of the intelligence of the world is constant.
The population is, of course, growing.


Work Rule: Leave of Absence (for an Operation):
	We are no longer allowing this practice.  We wish to discourage
any thoughts that you may not need all of whatever you have, and you
should not consider having anything removed.  We hired you as you are,
and to have anything removed would certainly make you less than we
bargained for.


I'm successful because I'm lucky.
The harder I work, the luckier I get.


That's always the way when you discover
something new; everyone thinks you're crazy.
		-- Evelyn E. Smith


Back in the good ole days in Texas, when stagecoaches and the like was
popular, there were three people in a stagecoach one day: a true red-
blooded born-and-raised Texas gentleman, a tenderfoot city-slicker from
back East, and a beautiful and well-endowed Texas lady.  The city-
slicker kept eyeing the lady, and finally he leaned forward and said,
"Lady, I'll give you $10 for a blow job."  The Texas gentleman looked
appalled, pulled out his pistol, and killed the city-slicker on the
spot.  The lady gasped and said, "Thank you, suh, for defendin' mah
honor!"  Whereupon the Texan holstered his gun and said, "Your honor,
hell!  No tenderfoot is gonna raise the price of women in Texas!"


Q:	What did one regular expression say to the other?
A:	.+


Do, or do not; there is no try.


Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient.
Don't believe a thing he tells you.


You can't start worrying about what's going to happen.
You get spastic enough worrying about what's happening now.
		-- Lauren Bacall


Latin is a language,
As dead as can be.
First it killed the Romans,
And now it's killing me.


He's not pining, he's passed on!  This parrot won't squawk!  He's
ceased to be!  He's expired, and gone to meet his maker!  It's a
stiff!  No breath of life, he may rest in peace!  If you hadn't nailed
him to the perch, he'd be pushing up the daisies!  He's off the twig!
He's kicked the bucket!  He's curled up his tooties!  He's shuffled off
this mortal world!  He's run down the curtain, and joined the bleed'n
Choir Invincible!  HE'S FUCKING SNUFFED IT!  Vis-a-vi his metabolic
processes is head is lost.  All statements concerning this parrot is no
longer a going concern, after from now on, Inoperative...

		THIS IS AN EX-PARROT!!
		-- Monty Python


A man is driving down the road on his way to Salerno.  By the roadside he
sees a man hitchhiking and stops to pick him up.  As the man gets into his
car he suddenly pulls out a gun and makes the driver get out of the car.
	"All right, buddy," says the man, "I want to you jerk off."
	"What!?" says the man, disbelievingly.
	"Go ahead, do it!" says the hitchhiker.
	So the driver masturbates, and when he is through, says, "All right,
I did what you wanted, can I go now?"
	"Nope," says the hijacker.  "Do it again."
	"Again?" the driver exclaims.  "I just did it."
	"Do it again."
	It takes a little longer this time, but he manages to come again.
Panting, he turns to his tormenter and again asks if he can leave.
	"Yes," the man replies, "but only after you've done it one more
time."
	The guy is really scared now; he's starting to sweat.  It takes him
twenty minutes, this time, but he finally comes a third time.
	"Listen, buddy, can I please leave now?"
	"Yeah," says the man, lowering his gun.  "And this is my daughter;
I want you to drive her into Salerno."


One day a little polar bear cub says to his mother, "Mommy, am I really
a polar bear?"
	"Why of course you are, honey!" his mother replies.  "You live at
the North Pole and you swim under the ice to catch fish.  You play on the
ice floes and you romp through the snow and chase seals.  Of *course* you're
a polar bear.  Why do you ask?"
	"Because," says the little cub, "I'm fuckin' freezing!"


I woke up this morning and discovered that everything in my apartment
had been stolen and replaced with an exact replica.  I told my roommate,
"Isn't this amazing?  Everything in the apartment has been stolen and
replaced with an exact replica."  He said, "Do I know you?"
		-- Steven Wright


He who knows nothing, knows nothing.
But he who knows he knows nothing knows something.
And he who knows someone whose friend's wife's brother knows nothing,
	he knows something.  Or something like that.


Forms follow function, and often obliterate it.


If you have never been hated by your child, you have never been a parent.
		-- Bette Davis


You will outgrow your usefulness.


Hear about...
	the ultimate in singles bars.  It's a place where girls have
	to show their I.U.D.'s to be admitted?


Marriage is learning about women the hard way.


A man who cannot seduce men cannot save them either.
		-- S. A. Kierkegaard (1813-1855)


We interrupt this fortune for an important announcement...


Lobster:
  Everyone loves these delectable crustaceans, but many cooks are squeamish
  about placing them into boiling water alive, which is the only proper
  method of preparing them.  Frankly, the easiest way to eliminate your
  guilt is to establish theirs by putting them on trial before they're
  cooked.  The fact is, lobsters are among the most ferocious predators on
  the sea floor, and you're helping reduce crime in the reefs.  Grasp the
  lobster behind the head, look it right in its unmistakably guilty
  eyestalks and say, "Where were you on the night of the 21st?", then
  flourish a picture of a scallop or a sole and shout, "Perhaps this will
  refresh that crude neural apparatus you call a memory!"  The lobster will
  squirm noticeably.  It may even take a swipe at you with one of its claws.
  Incorrigible.  Pop it into the pot.  Justice has been served, and shortly
  you and your friends will be, too.
		-- Dave Barry, Cooking: The Art of Turning Appliances
			and Utensils into Excuses and Apologies


If I'm over the hill, why is it I don't recall ever being on top?
		-- Jerry Muscha


Just because you like my stuff doesn't mean I owe you anything.
		-- Bob Dylan


If I cannot bend Heaven, I shall move Hell.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)


All great ideas are controversial, or have been at one time.


"Well," Brahma said, "even after ten thousand explanations, a fool is
no wiser, but an intelligent man requires only two thousand five
hundred."
		-- The Mahabharata


Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
		-- Lao Tsu


	My message is not that biological determinists were bad scientists or
even that they were always wrong.  Rather, I believe that science must be
understood as a social phenomenon, a gutsy, human enterprise, not the work of
robots programmed to collect pure information.  I also present this view as
an upbeat for science, not as a gloomy epitaph for a noble hope sacrificed on
the alter of human limitations.
	I believe that a factual reality exists and that science, though often
in an obtuse and erratic manner, can learn about it.  Galileo was not shown
the instruments of torture in an abstract debate about lunar motion.  He had
threatened the Church's conventional argument for social and doctrinal
stability:  the static world order with planets circling about a central
earth, priests subordinate to the Pope and serfs to their lord.  But the
Church soon made its peace with Galileo's cosmology.  They had no choice; the
earth really does revolve about the sun.
		-- S. J. Gould, "The Mismeasure of Man"


Ever Onward!  Ever Onward!
We're bound for the top to never fall,
Right here and now we thankfully
Pledge sincerest loyalty
To the corporation that's the best of all
Our leaders we revere and while we're here,
Let's show the world just what we think of them!
So let us sing men -- Sing men
Once or twice, then sing again
For the Ever Onward IBM!
		-- Ever Onward, from the 1940 IBM Songbook


