The boy stood on the burning deck,
Eating peanuts by the peck.
His father called him, but he could not go,
For he loved those peanuts so.


When in calling, plain speaking is out;
When the ladies (God bless 'em) are milling about,
You may wet, make water, or empty the glass;
You can powder your nose, or the "johnny" will pass.
It's a drain for the lily, or man about dog
When everyone's drunk, it's condensing the fog;
But sure as the devil, that word with a hiss
It's only in Shakespeare that characters ____.
		-- Ogden Nash


Apathy Club meeting this Friday.
If you want to come, you're not invited.


A jury consists of twelve persons chosen to decide who has the better lawyer.
		-- Robert Frost


I brake for chezlogs!


It is so stupid of modern civilization to have given up believing in the
devil when he is the only explanation of it.
		-- Ronald Knox, "Let Dons Delight"


Work is the curse of the drinking classes.
		-- Mike Romanoff


XML is like violence: if it doesn't solve your problem, you aren't using
enough of it.
		-- XML guru Chris Maden


Dear Miss Manners:
	My home economics teacher says that one must never place one's
elbows on the table.  However, I have read that one elbow, in between
courses, is all right.  Which is correct?

Gentle Reader:
	For the purpose of answering examinations in your home
economics class, your teacher is correct.  Catching on to this principle
of education may be of even greater importance to you now than learning
correct current table manners, vital as Miss Manners believes that is.


Calvin:	"I wonder where we go when we die."
Hobbes:	"Pittsburgh?"
Calvin:	"You mean if we're good or if we're bad?"


QOTD:
	"You're so dumb you don't even have wisdom teeth."


There are no great men, buster.  There are only men.
		-- Elaine Stewart, "The Bad and the Beautiful"


Capitalism is the extraordinary belief that the nastiest of men, for
the nastiest of reasons, will somehow work for the benefit of us all.
		-- John Maynard Keynes


Drakenberg's Discovery:
	If you can't seem to find your glasses,
	it's probably because you don't have them on.


Speed is subsittute fo accurancy.


For an idea to be fashionable is ominous,
since it must afterwards be always old-fashioned.


Brandy-and-water spoils two good things.
		-- Charles Lamb


He was the sort of person whose personality
would be greatly improved by a terminal illness.


You can beat my meat, but you can't lick my sauce!
		-- Boss' Ribs, Portland, Oregon


Believe everything you hear about the world; nothing is too
impossibly bad.
		-- Honore de Balzac


It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary
depends upon his not understanding it.
		-- Upton Sinclair


The mother of the year should be a sterilized woman with two
adopted children.
		-- Paul Ehrlich


No matther whether th' constitution follows th' flag or not,
th' supreme court follows th' iliction returns.
		-- Mr. Dooley


LIFE:
	A whim of several billion cells to be you for a while.


Love is in the offing.  Be affectionate to one who adores you.


Diplomacy is about surviving until the next century.
Politics is about surviving until Friday afternoon.
		-- Sir Humphrey Appleby


Beam me up, Scotty, there's no intelligent life down here!


When the blind lead the blind they will both fall over the cliff.
		-- Chinese proverb


In the first place, God made idiots;
this was for practice; then he made school boards.
		-- Mark Twain


Change your thoughts and you change your world.


Eagleson's Law:
	Any code of your own that you haven't looked at for six or more
months, might as well have been written by someone else.  (Eagleson is
an optimist, the real number is more like three weeks.)


With every passing hour our solar system comes forty-three thousand
miles closer to globular cluster M13 in the constellation Hercules,
and still there are some misfits who continue to insist that there
is no such thing as progress.
		-- Ransom K. Ferm


Q:	What do you call a blind, deaf-mute, quadriplegic Virginian?
A:	Trustworthy.


You will meet an important person who will help you advance professionally.


Here's to the girl in little red shoes,
She drinks my liquor, she drinks my booze,
She has no cherry, but that's no sin,
She has the box the cherry came in.


This is a country where people are free to practice their religion,
regardless of race, creed, color, obesity, or number of dangling keys...


A priest advised Voltaire on his death bed to renounce the devil.
Replied Voltaire, "This is no time to make new enemies."


Heuristics are bug ridden by definition.
If they didn't have bugs, then they'd be algorithms.


Life would be so much easier if we could just look at the source code.
		-- Dave Olson


	There was once a programmer who was attached to the court of the
warlord of Wu.  The warlord asked the programmer: "Which is easier to design:
an accounting package or an operating system?"
	"An operating system," replied the programmer.
	The warlord uttered an exclamation of disbelief.  "Surely an
accounting package is trivial next to the complexity of an operating
system," he said.
	"Not so," said the programmer, "when designing an accounting package,
the programmer operates as a mediator between people having different ideas:
how it must operate, how its reports must appear, and how it must conform to
tax laws.  By contrast, an operating system is not limited by outward
appearances.  When designing an operating system, the programmer seeks the
simplest harmony between machine and ideas.  This is why an operating system
is easier to design."
	The warlord of Wu nodded and smiled.  "That is all good and well,"
he said, "but which is easier to debug?"
	The programmer made no reply.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


User, n.:
	A programmer who will believe anything you tell him.


I'm a Lisp variable -- bind me!


Harold had never wanted a woman so much in his life, upon overhearing the
22- year-old beauty remark that he was too old and out of shape for her.  The
determined septuagenarian immediately embarked upon a rigorous self-improvement
program.  He had his face lifted, bought a toupee, ran five miles every day,
lifted weights and adopted a strict vegetarian diet.  Within months, the
rejuvenated man won the young woman's heart, and she agreed to marry him.
	On the way out of the chapel, however, Harold was fatally struck
by lightning.  Furious, he confronted Saint Peter at the pearly gates.  "How
could you do this to me after all the pain I went through?"
	"To be honest, Harold," Saint Peter sheepishly replied, "I didn't
recognize you."


Chihuahuas drive me crazy.  I can't stand anything that
shivers when it's warm.


It'll be a nice world if they ever get it finished.


That does not compute.


Genius does what it must, and Talent does what it can.
		-- Owen Meredith


If at first you do succeed, try to hide your astonishment.


Fay: The British police force used to be run by men of integrity.
Truscott: That is a mistake which has been rectified.
		-- Joe Orton, "Loot"


One of the regular foursome was sick, so a new member named George filled in.
He was good and pleasant company so they asked him to join them again the
following Sunday.
	"9:30 okay?"
	"Fine," George said, "but I may be a few minutes late."
The following Sunday George showed up right on time. Not only that, he played
left-handed and beat them.  They agreed to meet the following Sunday morning.
George was eager to come, but again, mentioned that he might be a few minutes
late.  The next Sunday there was George, punctual to the dot. This time he
played right-handed and beat them again.
	"You on for next Sunday, George?" one of the foursome asked.
	"Sure," George replied, "but I might be a few..."
	Another golfer jumped in. "Wait a minute... You always say you might
be late, but you're always right on time, and you always win, left-handed
*or* right-handed."
	"Well," George replied, rather sheepishly, "that's true, but see, I'm
superstitious.  If my wife is sleeping on her right, when I wake up, I play
right handed.  If she's sleeping on her left side, I play left handed."
	"What if she's lying on her back?"
	George said, "That's when I'm late."


I hold your hand in mine, dear, I press it to my lips,
I take a healthy bite from your dainty fingertips,
My joy would be complete, dear, if you were only here,
But still I keep your hand as a precious souvenir.

The night you died I cut it off, I really don't know why,
For now each time I kiss it I get bloodstains on my tie,
I'm sorry now I killed you, our love was something fine,
So until they come to get me I will hold your hand in mine.

		-- Tom Lehrer, "I Hold Your Hand In Mine"


For a house-to-house salesman named Moore,
Getting housewives' attention's no chore:
	He's endowed with a dong
	That is 12 inches long,
So he wedges his foot in the door.


Politics is supposed to be the second oldest profession.  I have come to
realize that it bears a very close resemblance to the first.
		-- Ronald Reagan


A Fortran compiler is the hobgoblin of little minis.


Don't let go of what you've got hold of,
until you have hold of something else.
		-- First Rule of Wing Walking


	Two little kids, aged six and eight, decide it's time to learn
how to swear. So, the eight-year-old says to the six-year-old, "Okay,
you say `ass' and I'll say `hell'".
	All excited about their plan, they troop downstairs, where
their mother asks them what they'd like for breakfast.
	"Aw, hell," says the eight-year-old, "gimme some Cheerios."
His mother backhands him off the stool, sending him bawling out of the
room, and turns to the younger brother.  "What'll you have?"
	"I dunno," quavers the six-year-old, "but you can bet your ass
it ain't gonna be Cheerios."


Suppose for a moment that the automobile industry had developed at the same
rate as computers and over the same period:  how much cheaper and more
efficient would the current models be?  If you have not already heard the
analogy, the answer is shattering.  Today you would be able to buy a
Rolls-Royce for $2.75, it would do three million miles to the gallon, and
it would deliver enough power to drive the Queen Elizabeth II.  And if you
were interested in miniaturization, you could place half a dozen of them on
a pinhead.
		-- Christopher Evans


Life can be so tragic -- you're here today and here tomorrow.


Quality control:
	Assuring that the quality of a product does not get out of hand
	and add to the cost of its manufacture or design.


	A domineering man married a mere wisp of a girl.  He came back from
his honeymoon a chastened man.  He'd become aware of the will of the wisp.


	While the engineer developed his thesis, the director leaned over to
his assistant and whispered, "Did you ever hear of why the sea is salt?"
	"Why the sea is salt?" whispered back the assistant.  "What do you
mean?"
	The director continued: "When I was a little kid, I heard the story of
`Why the sea is salt' many times, but I never thought it important until just
a moment ago.  It's something like this: Formerly the sea was fresh water and
salt was rare and expensive.  A miller received from a wizard a wonderful
machine that just ground salt out of itself all day long.  At first the miller
thought himself the most fortunate man in the world, but soon all the villages
had salt to last them for centuries and still the machine kept on grinding
more salt.  The miller had to move out of his house, he had to move off his
acres.  At last he determined that he would sink the machine in the sea and
be rid of it.  But the mill ground so fast that boat and miller and machine
were sunk together, and down below, the mill still went on grinding and that's
why the sea is salt."
	"I don't get you," said the assistant.
		-- Guy Endore, "Men of Iron"


Q:	How many IBM CPUs does it take to do a logical right shift?
A:	33.  1 to hold the bits and 32 to push the register.


But you shall not escape my iambics.
		-- Gaius Valerius Catullus


I have no doubt the Devil grins,
As seas of ink I spatter.
Ye gods, forgive my "literary" sins--
The other kind don't matter.
		-- Robert W. Service


Most burning issues generate far more heat than light.


The Microsoft Exchange MTA Stacks service depends on the Microsoft Exchange
System Attendant service which failed to start because of the following
error:

The operation completed successfully.

For more information, see Help and Support Center at
http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/events.asp.


Q:	Why do women have vaginas?
A:	So when they're drunk, you can carry them like a six-pack.


BAD CRAZINESS, MAN!!!


I never said all Democrats were saloonkeepers;
what I said was all saloonkeepers were Democrats.


I'm free -- and freedom tastes of reality.


The avoidance of taxes is the only intellectual pursuit that
carries any reward.
		-- John Maynard Keynes


Hickory Dickory Dock,
Three mice ran up a clock!
The clock struck one,
Right in the balls!

There was an old woman,
Who lived in a shoe,
Who had so many children,
Her uterus fell right out.


Wiker's Law:
	Government expands to absorb all
	available revenue and then some.


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #3

	Birds of a feather flock to a newly washed car.


The seven eyes of Ningauble the Wizard floated back to his hood as he
reported to Fafhrd: "I have seen much, yet cannot explain all.  The Gray
Mouser is exactly twenty-five feet below the deepest cellar in the palace
of Gilpkerio Kistomerces.  Even though twenty-four parts in twenty-five of
him are dead, he is alive.
	Now about Lankhmar.  She's been invaded, her walls breached
everywhere and desperate fighting is going on in the streets, by a fierce
host which out-numbers Lankhamar's inhabitants by fifty to one -- and
equipped with all modern weapons.  Yet you can save the city."
	"How?" demanded Fafhrd.
	Ningauble shrugged.  "You're a hero.  You should know."
		-- Fritz Leiber, "The Swords of Lankhmar"


TRANSVESTITE:
	Someone who spends his junior year at college abroad.


Prope mare erat tubulator
Qui virginem ingrediebatur.
	Dessine ingressus
	Audivi progressus:
Est mihi inquit tubulator.


The way to fight a woman is with your hat.  Grab it and run.


I used to be Snow White, but I drifted.
		-- Mae West


It is only with the heart one can see clearly;
what is essential is invisible to the eye.
		-- The Fox, "The Little Prince"


REPORTER: Senator, are you for or against the MX missile system?

SENATOR: Bob, the MX missile system reminds me of an old saying that
the country folk in my state like to say.  It goes like this: "You can
carry a pig for six miles, but if you set it down it might run away."
I have no idea why the country folk say this.  Maybe there's some kind
of chemical pollutant in their drinking water.  That is why I pledge to
do all that I can to protect the environment of this great nation of
ours, and put prayer back in the schools, where it belongs.  What we
need is jobs, not empty promises.  I realize I'm risking my political
career by being so outspoken on a sensitive issue such as the MX, but
that's just the kind of straight-talking honest person I am, and I
can't help it.
		-- Dave Barry, "On Presidential Politics"


We are going to have peace even if we have to fight for it.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


Bumper sticker:
	All the parts falling off this car are
	of the very finest British manufacture.


I have a terrible headache, I was putting on toilet water and the lid fell.


	"Well, it's garish, ugly, and derelicts have used it for a toilet.
The rides are dilapidated to the point of being lethal, and could easily
maim or kill innocent little children."
	"Oh, so you don't like it?"
	"Don't like it?  I'm CRAZY for it."
		-- The Killing Joke


High heels are a device invented by a woman
who was tired of being kissed on the forehead.


	"I cannot read the fiery letters," said Frito Bugger in a
quavering voice.
	"No," said GoodGulf, "but I can.  The letters are Elvish, of
course, of an ancient mode, but the language is that of Mordor, which
I will not utter here.  They are lines of a verse long known in
Elven-lore:

	"This Ring, no other, is made by the elves,
	Who'd pawn their own mother to grab it themselves.
	Ruler of creeper, mortal, and scallop,
	This is a sleeper that packs quite a wallop.
	The Power almighty rests in this Lone Ring.
	The Power, alrighty, for doing your Own Thing.
	If broken or busted, it cannot be remade.
	If found, send to Sorhed (with postage prepaid)."
		-- Harvard Lampoon, "Bored of the Rings"


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#4

Weddings:
	When reminiscing about weddings, women talk about "the ceremony".
Men talk about "the bachelor party".

Clothes:
	Men don't discard clothes.  The average man still has the gym shirt
he wore in high school.  He thinks a jacket is "just getting broken in" about
the time it develops holes in the elbows.  A man will let new shirts sit on
the shelf in their original packaging for a couple of years before putting
them to use, hoping they'll become more comfortable with age.
	Women think clothes are radioactive, with a half-life of one year.
They exercise precautions to avoid contamination by last year's fashions.


Sorry.  Nice try.


If the government doesn't trust the people, why
doesn't it dissolve them and elect a new people?


A list is only as strong as its weakest link.
		-- Donald E. Knuth


If only you had a personality instead of an attitude.


The key elements in human thinking are not numbers but labels of fuzzy sets.
		-- L. Zadeh


Only the hypocrite is really rotten to the core.
		-- Hannah Arendt


-- All articles that coruscate with resplendence are not truly auriferous.
-- When there are visible vapors having the prevenience in ignited
	carbonaceous materials, there is conflagration.
-- Sorting on the part of mendicants must be interdicted.
-- A plethora of individuals wither expertise in culinary techniques vitiated
	the potable concoction produced by steeping certain coupestibles.
-- Eleemosynary deeds have their initial incidence intramurally.


This guy makes an appointment with a doctor because his hemorrhoids are
really bothering him.  The doctor gives him some suppositories and tells
him to come back in a week for a checkup.  "How's it going?" he asks
the patient a week later.
	"I gotta tell you the truth, Doc," said the man.  "For all the
good these pills did me, I coulda shoved them up my ass."


Fine day to work off excess energy.  Steal something heavy.


God help those who do not help themselves.
		-- Wilson Mizner


If everything is coming your way then you're in the wrong lane.


Self Test for Paranoia:
	You know you have it when you can't think of anything that's
	your own fault.


A beer delayed is a beer denied.


Youth is when you blame all your troubles on your parents; maturity is
when you learn that everything is the fault of the younger generation.


KANSAS:
	Where the men are men and so are the women!


Real Programmers don't play tennis, or any other sport that requires
you to change clothes.  Mountain climbing is OK, and real programmers
wear their climbing boots to work in case a mountain should suddenly
spring up in the middle of the machine room.


If dolphins are so smart, why did Flipper work for television?


When a man steals your wife, there is no better revenge than to let him
keep her.
		-- Sacha Guitry


Any president should have the right to shoot
at least two people a year without explanation.
		-- Herbert Hoover, discussing the press


While Europe's eye is fix'd on mighty things,
The fate of empires and the fall of kings;
While quacks of State must each produce his plan,
And even children lisp the Rights of Man;
Amid this mighty fuss just let me mention,
The Rights of Woman merit some attention.
		-- Robert Burns, Address on "The Rights of Woman",
		   November 26, 1792


Them as has, gets.


Electrical Engineers do it with less resistance.


Never kick a man, unless he's down.


Sex is about as important as a cheese sandwich.  But a cheese sandwich,
if you ain't got one to put in your belly, is extremely important.
		-- Ian Dury


Dime is money.


LOGO for the Dead

LOGO for the Dead lets you continue your computing activities from
"The Other Side."

The package includes a unique telecommunications feature which lets you
turn your TRS-80 into an electronic Ouija board.  Then, using Logo's
graphics capabilities, you can work with a friend or relative on this
side of the Great Beyond to write programs.  The software requires that
your body be hardwired to an analog-to-digital converter, which is then
interfaced to your computer.  A special terminal (very terminal) program
lets you talk with the users through Deadnet, an EBBS (Ectoplasmic
Bulletin Board System).

LOGO for the Dead is available for 10 percent of your estate
from NecroSoft inc., 6502 Charnelhouse Blvd., Cleveland, OH 44101.
		-- '80 Microcomputing


Be incomprehensible.  If they can't understand, they can't disagree.


Science is what happens when preconception meets verification.


It is when I struggle to be brief that I become obscure.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Women's Libbers are OK.  I just wouldn't want my sister to marry one.


The man who raises a fist has run out of ideas.
		-- H. G. Wells, "Time After Time"


You might like to know that I looked at a detailed map of NT, and I'm
now able to confirm that in all probability Microsoft NT does not
exist.  If it does, it's so small as to be completely insignificant.
		-- Greg Lehey


The difference between sentiment and sentimentality is easy to see.  When
you avoid killing somebody's pet on the glazeway, that's sentiment.  If you
swerve to avoid the pet and that causes you to kill pedestrians, THAT is
sentimentality.
		-- Frank Herbert, "Chapterhouse: Dune"


	Sentenced to two years hard labor (for sodomy), Oscar Wilde
stood handcuffed in driving rain waiting for transport to prison.  "If
this is the way Queen Victoria treats her prisoners," he remarked, "she
doesn't deserve to have any."


In practice, failures in system development, like unemployment in Russia,
happens a lot despite official propaganda to the contrary.
		-- Paul Licker


When you're married to someone, they take you for granted ... when
you're living with someone it's fantastic ... they're so frightened
of losing you they've got to keep you satisfied all the time.
		-- Nell Dunn, "Poor Cow"


Everlasting peace will come to the world when the last man has slain
the last but one.
		-- Adolf Hitler


Now and then an innocent person is sent to the legislature.


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

A new system, the CIRCULATORY system, has been added.

The long-experimental CIRCULATORY system has been released to users.  The
Lisp Machine uses Type B fluid, the L machine uses Type A fluid.  When the
switch to Common Lisp occurs both machines will, of course, be Type O.
Please check fluid level by using the DIP stick which is located in the
back of VMI monitors.  Unchecked low fluid levels can cause poor paging
performance.


While he was in New York on location for _Bronco Billy_ (1980), Clint
Eastwood agreed to a television interview.  His host, somewhat hostile,
began by defining a Clint Eastwood picture as a violent, ruthless,
lawless, and bloody piece of mayhem, and then asked Eastwood himself to
define a Clint Eastwood picture.  "To me," said Eastwood calmly, "what
a Clint Eastwood picture is, is one that I'm in."
		-- Boller and Davis, "Hollywood Anecdotes"


You never know how many friends you have until you rent a house on the
beach.


Zero Defects, n.:
	The result of shutting down a production line.


In the stairway of life, you'd best take the elevator.


Grig (the navigator):
	... so you see, it's just the two of us against the entire space
	armada.
Alex (the gunner):
	What?!?
Grig:	I've always wanted to fight a desperate battle against
	overwhelming odds.
Alex:	It'll be a slaughter!
Grig:	That's the spirit!
		-- The Last Starfighter


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(10) Liberalism poisons the soul.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Ever wondered about the origins of the term "bugs" as applied to computer
technology?  U.S. Navy Capt. Grace Murray Hopper has firsthand explanation.
The 74-year-old captain, who is still on active duty, was a pioneer in
computer technology during World War II.  At the C. W. Post Center of Long
Island University, Hopper told a group of Long Island public school adminis-
trators that the first computer "bug" was a real bug--a moth.  At Harvard
one August night in 1945, Hopper and her associates were working on the
"granddaddy" of modern computers, the Mark I.  "Things were going badly;
there was something wrong in one of the circuits of the long glass-enclosed
computer," she said.  "Finally, someone located the trouble spot and, using
ordinary tweezers, removed the problem, a two-inch moth.  From then on, when
anything went wrong with a computer, we said it had bugs in it."  Hopper
said that when the veracity of her story was questioned recently, "I referred
them to my 1945 log book, now in the collection of the Naval Surface Weapons
Center, and they found the remains of that moth taped to the page in
question."
		[actually, the term "bug" had even earlier usage in
		regard to problems with radio hardware.  Ed.]


It may be bad manners to talk with your mouth full, but it isn't too
good either if you speak when your head is empty.


It is impossible to defend perfectly
against the attack of those who want to die.


Drop that pickle!


If you lose your temper at a newspaper columnist,
he'll get rich or famous or both.


No question is so difficult as one to which the answer is obvious.


