Hartley's First Law:
	You can lead a horse to water, but if you can
	get him to float on his back, you've got something.


A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS:

7. PAY YOUR MEDICAL BILLS PROMPTLY AND WILLINGLY.
	You should consider it a privilege to contribute, however modestly,
	to the well-being of physicians and other humanitarians.

8. DO NOT SUFFER FROM AILMENTS THAT YOU CANNOT AFFORD.
	It is sheer arrogance to contract illnesses that are beyond your means.

9. NEVER REVEAL ANY OF THE SHORTCOMINGS THAT HAVE COME TO LIGHT IN THE COURSE
   OF TREATMENT BY YOUR DOCTOR.
	The patient-doctor relationship is a privileged one, and you have a
	sacred duty to protect him from exposure.

10. NEVER DIE WHILE IN YOUR DOCTOR'S PRESENCE OR UNDER HIS DIRECT CARE.
	This will only cause him needless inconvenience and embarrassment.


Hear about...
	the wild office Christmas party in a completely automated
	company -- the photocopier got drunk and tried to undo the
	typewriter's ribbon?


There's only one way to have a happy marriage
and as soon as I learn what it is I'll get married again.
		-- Clint Eastwood


The point is, you see, that there is no point in driving yourself mad
trying to stop yourself going mad.  You might just as well give in and
save your sanity for later.


A list is only as strong as its weakest link.
		-- Donald E. Knuth


It's not against any religion to want to dispose of a pigeon.
		-- Tom Lehrer


Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood.
		-- Daniel Hudson Burnham


The eyes of Texas are upon you,
All the livelong day;
The eyes of Texas are upon you,
You cannot get away;
Do not think you can escape them
From night 'til early in the morn;
The eyes of Texas are upon you
'Til Gabriel blows his horn.
		-- University of Texas' school song


Hell, if you don't try to remake someone,
how are they supposed to know you care?


Zall's Laws:
	1: Any time you get a mouthful of hot soup, the next thing you do
	   will be wrong.
	2: How long a minute is, depends on which side of the bathroom
	   door you're on.


Monday is an awful way to spend one seventh of your life.


Parkinson's Fourth Law:
	The number of people in any working group tends to increase
	regardless of the amount of work to be done.


From the outset, the blind date was a fiasco and it was intensified by the
fact that the fellow was too insensitive and ego-ridden to realize it.  The
moment of truth came in the supper club as he clutched the girl's thigh and
whispered,
	"Baby, how's about our cutting out to my pad so I can slip you nine
inches?"
There was a moment of silence, and then the girl said,
	"You know, I really don't think you could get it up three times
in a row!"


Whatever became of Strange de Jim?  Well, he found a substitute for
cocaine: "You cover Q-tips with sandpaper and ram them up your
nostrils as far as they will go.  Then you sniff talcum powder while
shredding hundred dollar bills."
		-- Herb Caen


Crime does not pay... as well as politics.
		-- A. E. Neuman


Oprah Winfrey has an incredible talent for getting the weirdest people to
talk to.  And you just HAVE to watch it.  "Blind, masochistic minority,
crippled, depressed, government latrine diggers, and the women who love
them too much on the next Oprah Winfrey."


It is indeed desirable to be well descended,
but the glory belongs to our ancestors.
		-- Plutarch


As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error.
		-- Weisert


Three Midwesterners, a Kansan, a Missourian and an Iowan,
all appearing on a quiz program, were asked to complete this sentence:
"Old MacDonald had a . . ."

	"Old MacDonald had a carburetor," answered the Kansan.
	"Sorry, that's wrong," the game show host said.
	"Old MacDonald had a free brake alignment down at the
		service station," said the Missourian.
	"Wrong."
	"Old MacDonald had a farm," said the Iowan.
	"CORRECT!" shouts the quizmaster.  "Now for $100,000, spell `farm.'"
	"Easy," said the Iowan. "E-I-E-I-O."


Home is where the hurt is.
		-- Strange de Jim


Advertising is the most fun of anything you can do with your clothes on.
		-- Mary Wells, advertising executive


Support Bingo, keep Grandma off the streets.


Examinations are formidable even to the best prepared, for
even the greatest fool may ask more than the wisest man can answer.
		-- C. C. Colton


HAPPINESS:
	Having your Herpes (Type II) test come back negative.


Visiting a lawyer for advice, the wife said, "I want you to help me obtain a
divorce. My husband is getting a little queer to sleep with."
	What do you mean?" asked the attorney. "Does he force you to indulge
in unusual sex practices?"
	"No, he doesn't," replied the woman, "and neither does the little
queer."


A friendly message from your Internal Revenue Service: tax time is
coming again soon.  Bend over.


Cum Hilde autem ambulabat
Homo qui aedificabat.
	Dixit volebat.  Debet et potebat.
	Sic ille ducebat.  Statim faciebat.
Sed virginem pine necebat.


Purpitation, v.:
	To take something off the grocery shelf, decide you
	don't want it, and then put it in another section.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


I think it is true for all _n. I was just playing it safe with _n >= 3
because I couldn't remember the proof.
		-- Baker, Pure Math 351a


" "
		-- Charlie Chaplin

" "
		-- Harpo Marx

" "
		-- Marcel Marceau


QOTD:
	"I only touch base with reality on an as-needed basis!"


The road to hell is paved with good intentions.  And littered with
sloppy analysis!


Pee-wee Recommends:

When Pee-wee Herman was arrested that evening in Sarasota, Florida,
the bill at the XXX South Trail Cinema featured:

	+ Nurse Nancy, starring Sandra Scream
	+ Turn Up the Heat, starring Savannah
	+ Tiger Shark, starring Raven


	"My husband commits an inconceivable act of perversion with a
barnyard animal, and it's not central to my case?!"
	"Not in California."


The greatest love is a mother's, then a dog's, then a sweetheart's.
		-- Polish proverb


Two recent emigrants to the United States, on their first day off the boat
in New York City, spied a hotdog vendor.  "Do they eat dogs in America?"
one asked his companion.
	"I don't know."
	"Well, if we're going to live in America, we have to learn to eat
American foods."
	So they each bought a wax paper wrapped hotdog and sat down to eat
them on a nearby park bench.  One man looked inside his wax paper, then over
at the other man, and asked, "So, what part did you get?"


Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
		-- Lily Tomlin


If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you.


If you think nobody cares if you're alive,
try missing a couple of car payments.
		-- Earl Wilson


The old complaint that mass culture is designed for eleven-year-olds
is of course a shameful canard.  The key age has traditionally been
more like fourteen.
		-- Robert Christgau, "Esquire"


Two heads are more numerous than one.


HR 3128.  Omnibus Budget Reconciliation, Fiscal 1986.  Martin, R-Ill., motion
that the House recede from its disagreement to the Senate amendment making
changes in the bill to reduce fiscal 1986 deficits.  The Senate amendment
was an amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the House
amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill.  The original Senate amendment
was the conference agreement on the bill.  Agreed to.
		-- Albuquerque Journal


There are two ways of disliking art.
One is to dislike it.
The other is to like it rationally.
		-- Oscar Wilde


The country girl who became a city madam
has obviously gone from rags to rigids.


Five is a sufficiently close approximation to infinity.
		-- Robert Firth


If life is a stage, I want some better lighting.


Death to all fanatics!


	Driving through a Swiss city one day, Alfred Hitchcock suddenly
pointed out of the car window and said, "That is the most frightening
sight I have ever seen."  His companion was surprised to see nothing
more alarming than a priest in conversation with a little boy, his hand
on the child's shoulder.  "Run, little boy," cried Hitchcock, leaning
out of the car.  "Run for your life!"


We drove to the hotel and said goodbye.  How hypocritical to go upstairs
with a man you don't want to fuck, leave the one you do sitting there alone,
and then, in a state of great excitement, fuck the one you don't want to
fuck while pretending he's the one you do.  That's called fidelity.  That's
called civilization and its discontents.
		-- Erica Jong, "Fear of Flying"


Mr. Rockford, this is the Thomas Crown School of Dance and Contemporary
Etiquette.  We aren't going to call again!  Now you want these free
lessons or what?


	A reverend wanted to telephone another reverend.  He told the operator,
"This is a parson to parson call."
	A farmer with extremely prolific hens posted the following sign.  "Free
Chickens.  Our Coop Runneth Over."
	Two brothers, Mort and Bill, like to sail.  While Bill has a great
deal of experience, he certainly isn't the rigger Mort is.
	Inheritance taxes are getting so out of line, that the deceased family
often doesn't have a legacy to stand on.
	The judge fined the jaywalker fifty dollars and told him if he was
caught again, he would be thrown in jail.  Fine today, cooler tomorrow.
	A rock store eventually closed down; they were taking too much for
granite.


Children are like cats, they can tell when you don't like
them.  That's when they come over and violate your body space.


When in doubt, mumble; when in trouble, delegate; when in charge, ponder.
		-- James H. Boren


/Earth is 98% full ... please delete anyone you can.


The sweeter the apple, the blacker the core --
Scratch a lover and find a foe!
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Ballad of a Great Weariness"


Love is dope, not chicken soup.  I mean, love is something to be passed
around freely, not spooned down someone's throat for their own good by a
Jewish mother who cooked it all by herself.


A student who changes the course of history is probably taking an exam.


QOTD:
	"The elder gods went to Suggoth and all I got was this lousy T-shirt."


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

The garbage collector now works.  In addition a new, experimental garbage
collection algorithm has been installed.  With SI:%DSK-GC-QLX-BITS set to 17,
(NOT the default) the old garbage collection algorithm remains in force; when
virtual storage is filled, the machine cold boots itself.  With SI:%DSK-GC-
QLX-BITS set to 23, the new garbage collector is enabled.  Unlike most garbage
collectors, the new gc starts its mark phase from the mind of the user, rather
than from the obarray.  This allows the garbage collection of significantly
more Qs.  As the garbage collector runs, it may ask you something like "Do you
remember what SI:RDTBL-TRANS does?", and if you can't give a reasonable answer
in thirty seconds, the symbol becomes a candidate for GCing.  The variable
SI:%GC-QLX-LUSER-TM governs how long the GC waits before timing out the user.


God isn't dead -- he's been busted.


Most people want either less corruption
or more of a chance to participate in it.


I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with
sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use.
		-- Galileo Galilei


Q:	Why do Scotsmen wear kilts?
A:	Because a sheep can hear the sound of a zipper from fifty feet away.
		-- Iain MacKintosh, Glasgow folksinger


The life which is unexamined is not worth living.
		-- Plato


We give advice, but we cannot give the wisdom to profit by it.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


L'hazard ne favorise que l'esprit prepare.
		-- L. Pasteur


Being a miner, as soon as you're too old and tired and sick and
stupid to do your job properly, you have to go, where the very
opposite applies with the judges.
		-- Beyond the Fringe


A '49er walked into the saloon at Bloody Gulch.  He'd been prospecting for
more than a year.
	"Hey!  Y'got any wimmen around here?"
	"Nope," the bartender replied, "But there's George in the back room."
	"I don't go for that kind of thing," the prospector scowled.  He
downed his drink and left disgustedly.
A few months passed before the miner found his way down the mountain again.
He stumbled into the tavern and asked the bartender, "Any wimmen pass through
this part of town?"
	"Nope.  Nary a one.  But we still got George in the back room."
	Angry, the miner shouted, "I told you I don't go for that kind of
thing," and turned on his heel and left.
	Within a year he came back from his mine again.  With a wild look on
his face he re-entered the saloon.  Leaning over the bar he whispered to the
bartender, "If I was to go into the back room with George, how many people
'round here would know?"
	"Oh," the bartender said, scratching his chin, "'bout seven, I guess."
	"Seven!?"
	"Yep.  You, me, George, and the four men holdin' him down.  You see,
George don't go for that kind of thing neither."


In fact, S. M. Simpson, eventually devised an efficient 24-point Fourier
transform, which was a precursor to the Cooley-Tukey fast Fourier transform
in 1965.  The FFT made all of Simpson's efficient autocorrelation and
spectrum programs instantly obsolete, on which he had worked half a lifetime.
		-- Proc. IEEE, Sept. 1982, p.900


How you look depends on where you go.


Lisp Users:
Due to the holiday next Monday, there will be no garbage collection.


A clergical student named Simms
Hums liturgical tunes while he rims:
	A nice piece of ass
	Gets the B-Minor Mass ...
All the others get Anglican hymns.


I'd love to go out with you, but the man on television told me to stay
tuned.


Trying to be happy is like trying to build a machine for which the only
specification is that it should run noiselessly.


Two is company, three is an orgy.


The Official MBA Handbook on the use of sunlamps:

	Use a sunlamp only on weekends.  That way, if the office wise guy
	remarks on the sudden appearance of your tan, you can fabricate
	some story about a sun-stroked weekend at some island Shangri-La
	like Caneel Bay.  Nothing is more transparent than leaving the
	office at 11:45 on a Tuesday night, only to return an Aztec sun
	god at 8:15 the next morning.


In a whiskey it's age, in a cigarette it's
taste and in a sports car it's impossible.


	An Englishman, a Frenchman and an American are captured by cannibals.
The leader of the tribe comes up to them and says, "Even though you are about
to killed, your deaths will not be in vain.  Every part of your body will be
used.  Your flesh will be eaten, for my people are hungry.  Your hair will be
woven into clothing, for my people are naked.  Your bones will be ground up
and made into medicine, for my people are sick.  Your skin will be stretched
over canoe frames, for my people need transportation.  We are a fair people,
and we offer you a chance to kill yourself with our ceremonial knife."
	The Englishman accepts the knife and yells, "God Save the Queen",
while plunging the knife into his heart.
	The Frenchman removes the knife from the fallen body, and yells,
"Vive la France", while plunging the knife into his heart.
	The American removes the knife from the fallen body, and yells,
while stabbing himself all over his body, "Here's your lousy canoe!"


If you don't want your dog to have bad breath, do what I do:  Pour a little
Lavoris in the toilet.
		-- Jay Leno


Sixteen'll get you twenty.


James McNeill Whistler's (painter of "Whistler's Mother") failure in his
West Point chemistry examination once provoked him to remark in later life,
"If silicon had been a gas, I should have been a major general."


	WARNING TO ALL PERSONNEL:

Firings will continue until morale improves.


Dear Lord:
	I just want *_o_n_e* one-armed manager so I never have to hear "On
the other hand", again.


In those days he was wiser than he is now -- he used to frequently take
my advice.
		-- Winston Churchill


If God had wanted us to be concerned for the plight of the toads, he would
have made them cute and furry.
		-- Dave Barry


A violent man will die a violent death.
		-- Lao Tsu


Seems this guy notices a young nun sitting on the bus; through her heavy veil
he just spots a glimmer of her face.  Gorgeous!  She moves, and her vestments
cannot hide the fact she has a truly phenomenal body.  The guy gets more and
more excited until he finally approaches the nun and tells "Sister, please
believe me, I don't normally do this sort of thing, but I think I love you.
Could we maybe talk?"
	The nun almost runs off the bus.  As the young man's stop comes up,
the bus driver asks the guy if he was the person bothering the nun.  The man
starts apologizing, but the bus driver interrupts him.  "No, don't apologize,
I was checking her out myself.  Listen, you see where she got on?  She goes
there every day, to a little park.  Why don't you meet here there?"
	Sure enough, the man goes to the park the next day and there's the nun
in a secluded grove of trees.  He approaches her, and she seems, although shy,
much more willing to talk.  After an hour of cautious talk, he asks her if
she'd be willing to make love with him.  She blushes, smiles, blushes again
and says "yes".  But that she doesn't dare risk getting pregnant, so it would
have to be the "back door".
	As they start to make love, the young man is overcome with guilt;
panting, he says, "Sister, I have to tell you, I'm the guy who was annoying
you on the bus yesterday.
	Replies the nun, "Well, that's okay.  I'm not really a nun.  I'm
actually the bus driver."


Ambidextrous, adj.:
	Able to pick with equal skill a right-hand pocket or a left.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Eggheads unite!  You have nothing to lose but your yolks.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


Ignorance is bliss.
		-- Thomas Gray

Fortune updates the great quotes, #42:
	BLISS is ignorance.


Hear about...
	the fellow who was descended from a long line his mother heard?


Q:	Where does virgin wool come from?
A:	Ugly sheep.


What's all this bru-ha-ha?


... [concerning quotation marks] even if we *_d_i_d* quote anybody in this
business, it probably would be gibberish.
		-- Thom McLeod


TCP/IP Slang Glossary, #1:

Gong, n: Medieval term for privvy, or what passed for them in that era.
Today used whimsically to describe the aftermath of a bogon attack. Think
of our community as the Galapagos of the English language.

Vogons may read you bad poetry, but bogons make you study obsolete RFCs.
		-- Dave Mills


Saliva causes cancer, but only if swallowed
in small amounts over a long period of time.
		-- George Carlin


That's life for you, said McDunn.  Someone always waiting for someone
who never comes home.  Always someone loving something more than that
thing loves them.  And after awhile you want to destroy whatever that
thing is, so it can't hurt you no more.
		-- Ray Bradbury, "The Fog Horn"


Symbolic representation of quantitative entities is doomed to its rightful
place of minor importance in a world where flowers and beautiful women abound.
		-- Albert Einstein


Be careful how you get yourself involved with persons or
situations that can't bear inspection.


Many years ago in a period commonly known as Next Friday Afternoon,
there lived a King who was very Gloomy on Tuesday mornings because he
was so Sad thinking about how Unhappy he had been on Monday and how
completely Mournful he would be on Wednesday ...
		-- Walt Kelly


As with most fine things, chocolate has its season.  There is a simple memory
aid that you can use to determine whether it is the correct time to order
chocolate dishes: Any month whose name contains the letter A, E, or U is the
proper time for chocolate.
		-- Sandra Boynton, "Chocolate: The Consuming Passion"


Well, here it is, 1983, so it won't be long before you start reading a
lot of boring stories about people like Vance Hartke.  Hartke is a
governor or mayor or something from one of the flatter states, and the
reason you'll be reading about him is that he's one of the 50 top
contenders for the 1984 Democratic presidential nomination.  These men
will spend the next 18 months going around the country engaging in the
most degrading activities imaginable, such as wearing idiot hats and
appearing on "Meet the Press".  "Meet the Press" is one of those Sunday
morning public interest shows that the public is not the least bit
interested in.  It features a panel of reporters who ask questions of a
guest politician, who wins an Amana home freezer if he can get through
the entire show without answering a single question ...
		-- Dave Barry, "On Presidential Politics"


Nice guys finish last, but we get to sleep in.
		-- Evan Davis


I will not be briefed or debriefed, my underwear is my own.


THE WORST BANK ROBBERY

In August 1975 three men were on their way in to rob the Royal Bank of
Scotland at Rothesay, when they got stuck in the revolving doors.  They
had to be helped free by the staff and, after thanking everyone,
sheepishly left the building.
A few minutes later they returned and announced their intention of
robbing the bank, but none of the staff believed them.  When they demanded
5,000 pounds in cash, the head cashier laughed at them, convinced that it
was a practical joke.
Then one of the men jumped over the counter, but fell to the floor
clutching his ankle.  The other two tried to make their getaway, but got
trapped in the revolving doors again.


Love is not the dying moan of a distant violin -- it's the triumphant
twang of a bedspring.
		-- S.J. Perelman


Darth Vader!  Only you would be so bold!
		-- Princess Leia Organa


A sense of humor keen enough to show a man his own absurdities will keep
him from the commission of all sins, or nearly all, save those that are
worth committing.
		-- Samuel Butler


When in doubt, do what the President does -- guess.


Women give to men the very gold of their lives.  Possibly;
but they invariably want it back in such very small change.
		-- Wilde


The number of arguments is unimportant unless some of them are
correct.
		-- Ralph Hartley


You prefer the company of the opposite
sex, but are well liked by your own.


Rugby, n.:
	Elegant violence.

	(Rugby players eat their dead.)
	(Blood makes the grass grow!)
	(Support your local hooker!  Play rugby!)

	[A "hooker" is part of the scrum.  Thought you'd want to know.  Ed.]


Write yourself a threatening letter and pen a defiant reply.


Labia majora, n.:
	The curly gates.


Air pollution is really making us pay through the nose.


The Worst Prison Guards
	The largest number of convicts ever to escape simultaneously from a
maximum security prison is 124.  This record is held by Alcoente Prison,
near Lisbon in Portugal.
	During the weeks leading up to the escape in July 1978 the prison
warders had noticed that attendances had fallen at film shows which
included "The Great Escape", and also that 220 knives and a huge quantity
of electric cable had disappeared.  A guard explained, "Yes, we were
planning to look for them, but never got around to it."  The warders had
not, however, noticed the gaping holes in the wall because they were
"covered with posters".  Nor did they detect any of the spades, chisels,
water hoses and electric drills amassed by the inmates in large quantities.
The night before the breakout one guard had noticed that of the 36
prisoners in his block only 13 were present.  He said this was "normal"
because inmates sometimes missed roll-call or hid, but usually came back
the next morning.
	"We only found out about the escape at 6:30 the next morning when
one of the prisoners told us," a warder said later.  [...]  When they
eventually checked, the prison guards found that exactly half of the jail's
population was missing.  By way of explanation the Justice Minister, Dr.
Santos Pais, claimed that the escape was "normal" and part of the
"legitimate desire of the prisoner to regain his liberty."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Alive without breath,
As cold as death;
Never thirsty, ever drinking,
All in mail ever clinking.


Know Thy User.


The tao that can be tar(1)ed
is not the entire Tao.
The path that can be specified
is not the Full Path.

We declare the names
of all variables and functions.
Yet the Tao has no type specifier.

Dynamically binding, you realize the magic.
Statically binding, you see only the hierarchy.

Yet magic and hierarchy
arise from the same source,
and this source has a null pointer.

Reference the NULL within NULL,
it is the gateway to all wizardry.


Your boss is a few sandwiches short of a picnic.


You get what you pay for.
		-- Gabriel Biel


If you think last Tuesday was a drag,
wait till you see what happens tomorrow!


Miller's Slogan:
	Lose a few, lose a few.


Does he treat your breasts like unripe grapefruit?  Who needs him?
		-- J, "The Sensuous Woman"


Life is a concentration camp.  You're stuck here and there's no way
out and you can only rage impotently against your persecutors.
		-- Woody Allen


I must Create a System, or be enslav'd by another Man's;
I will not Reason and Compare; my business is to Create.
		-- William Blake, "Jerusalem"


The problem that we thought was a problem was, indeed,
a problem, but not the problem we thought was the problem.
		-- Mike Smith


My travel agent's an Oxford chap
Who rolls his eyes when he speaks.
I asked him about the Isle of Man
For a journey of about six weeks.
And this is what he said to me
As he looked me right in the eye,
"For a far-out trip, try an ice cream dip
Of Elephant Shit On Rye."

A brand-new store just opened its door
At the corner of 5th and Vine
And I happened to be standing right outside
When they turned on their neon sign.
I heard a strange sound, I looked around,
And that's when I almost died,
They nearly knocked me down to be the first in town
To get their Elephant Shit On Rye!


Cleaning your house while your kids are still growing is like shoveling
the walk before it stops snowing.
		-- Phyllis Diller


Depart in pieces, i.e., split.


In our system there's no intermediate step between a definitive Supreme
Court decision and violent revolution.
		-- Al Gore (New York Magazine, May 29 2006)


The so-called lessons of history are for the most part the
rationalizations of the victors.  History is written by the survivors.
		-- Max Lerner


He's not pining, he's passed on!  This parrot won't squawk!  He's
ceased to be!  He's expired, and gone to meet his maker!  It's a
stiff!  No breath of life, he may rest in peace!  If you hadn't nailed
him to the perch, he'd be pushing up the daisies!  He's off the twig!
He's kicked the bucket!  He's curled up his tooties!  He's shuffled off
this mortal world!  He's run down the curtain, and joined the bleed'n
Choir Invincible!  HE'S FUCKING SNUFFED IT!  Vis-a-vi his metabolic
processes is head is lost.  All statements concerning this parrot is no
longer a going concern, after from now on, Inoperative...

		THIS IS AN EX-PARROT!!
		-- Monty Python


Don't crush that dwarf, hand me the pliers!
		-- The Firesign Theatre


Don't be irreplaceable, if you can't be replaced, you can't be promoted.


People humiliating a salami!


QOTD:
	"I'd drag my dick a mile over broken glass just to masturbate in
	her shadow!"


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(13) To dictatorships, peace means the absence of opposition.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


I married beneath me.  All women do.
		-- Lady Nancy Astor


I know the disposition of women: when you will, they won't; when
you won't, they set their hearts upon you of their own inclination.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)


The more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war.


Give me the avowed, the erect, the manly foe,
Bold I can meet -- perhaps may turn his blow!
But of all plagues, good Heaven, thy wrath can send,
Save me, oh save me from the candid friend.
		-- George Canning


The more things change, the more they stay insane.


If I love you, what business is it of yours?
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


