Boston, n.:
	Ludwig van Beethoven being jeered by 50,000 sports fans for
finishing second in the Irish jig competition.


I reverently believe that the maker who made us all makes everything in New
England, but the weather.  I don't know who makes that, but I think it must be
raw apprentices in the weather-clerks factory who experiment and learn how, in
New England, for board and clothes, and then are promoted to make weather for
countries that require a good article, and will take their custom elsewhere
if they don't get it.
		-- Mark Twain


To vacillate or not to vacillate, that is the question ... or is it?


THE WORST HOMING PIGEON

This historic bird was released in Pembrokeshire in June 1953 and was
expected to reach its base that evening.  It was returned by post, dead,
in a cardboard box eleven years later from Brazil.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


A lie is an abomination unto the Lord and a very present help in time of
trouble.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


Felix Catus is your taxonomic nomenclature,
An endothermic quadruped, carnivorous by nature.
Your visual, olfactory, and auditory senses
Contribute to your hunting skills and natural defenses.
I find myself intrigued by your sub-vocal oscillations,
A singular development of cat communications
That obviates your basic hedonistic predilection
For a rhythmic stroking of your fur to demonstrate affection.
A tail is quite essential for your acrobatic talents:
You would not be so agile if you lacked its counterbalance;
And when not being utilized to aid in locomotion,
It often serves to illustrate the state of your emotion.
Oh Spot, the complex levels of behavior you display
Connote a fairly well-developed cognitive array.
And though you are not sentient, Spot, and do not comprehend,
I nonetheless consider you a true and valued friend.
		-- Lt. Cmdr. Data, "An Ode to Spot"


The Ruffed Pandanga of Borneo and Rotherham spreads out his feathers in
his courtship dance and imitates Winston Churchill and Tommy Cooper on
one leg.  The padanga is dying out because the female padanga doesn't
take it too seriously.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Stop searching forever.  Happiness is unattainable.


People love high ideals, but they got to be about 33-percent plausible.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


Lady, lady, should you meet
One whose ways are all discreet,
One who murmurs that his wife
Is the lodestar of his life,
One who keeps assuring you
That he never was untrue,
Never loved another one...
Lady, lady, better run!
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Social Note"


The courtroom was pregnant (pun intended) with anxious silence as the
judge solemnly considered his verdict in the paternity suit before him.
Suddenly, he reached into the folds of his robes, drew out a cigar and
ceremoniously handed it to the defendant.
	"Congratulations!" declaimed the jurist.  "You have just become a
father!"


... Jesus cried with a loud voice: Lazarus, come forth; the bug hath been
found and thy program runneth.  And he that was dead came forth...
		-- John 11:43-44


Batteries not included.


Happiness is a hard disk.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(4) Peace does not mean the absence of war.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Man is by nature a political animal.
		-- Aristotle


Keep your laws off my body!


Campbell's Law:
	Nature abhors a vacuous experimenter.


YOUR FOAMY FUTURE
	by Miss Fortune

CANCER (Jun 22 - July 22)
	You've been awarded a clean bill of health this month and you feel
you owe it all to the excessive amount of Vitamin B, Iron, and Malt you get
in your beer.  Being healthy is admirable but don't you think you're going
to feel stupid one day lying in a hospital dying of nothing?

LEO (July 23 - August 22)
	You will soon acquire a large sum of money and will be in seventh
heaven as you head to the nearest Liquor Barn and buy all the beer they have
in stock.  Whoever said money couldn't buy happiness didn't know where to
shop.

VIRGO (August 23 - September 22)
	Your late night, beer drinking, "life in the fast lane" parties are
affecting your job production the next morning.  You feel a nine to five job
is not for a "party animal" such as yourself and may feel the need for a
career change.  Just remember, people who work sitting down get paid more
than people who work standing up.


Simulations are like miniskirts, they show a lot and hide the essentials.
		-- Hubert Kirrman


Recently deceased blues guitarist Stevie Ray Vaughan "comes to" after
his death.  He sees Jimi Hendrix sitting next to him, tuning his guitar.
"Holy cow," he thinks to himself, "this guy is my idol."  Over at the
microphone, about to sing, are Jim Morrison and Janis Joplin, and the
bassist is the late Barry Oakley of the Allman Brothers.  So Stevie
Ray's thinking, "Oh, wow!  I've died and gone to rock and roll heaven."
Just then, Karen Carpenter walks in, sits down at the drums, and says:
"'Close to You'.  Hit it, boys!"
		-- Told by Penn Jillette, of magic/comedy duo Penn and Teller


Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you
want to test a man's character, give him power.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


	"Never send a MAN to do a WOMAN'S work!"
	"Why do you think I CAME here?"
	"Not for the good of my ego, that was for damn sure."


Here at the Phone Company, we serve all kinds of people;
from Presidents and Kings to the scum of the earth...


Recursion is the root of computation
since it trades description for time.


Q:	What goes
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
A:	Stevie Wonder doing the Rubik's Cube.


Force has no place where there is need of skill.
		-- Herodotus


The chicken that clucks the loudest is the one most likely to show up
at the steam fitters' picnic.


It does not matter if you fall down as long as you
pick up something from the floor while you get up.


Giving up on assembly language was the apple in our Garden of Eden:  Languages
whose use squanders machine cycles are sinful.  The LISP machine now permits
LISP programmers to abandon bra and fig-leaf.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


When I'm gone, boxing will be nothing again.  The fans with the cigars and
the hats turned down'll be there, but no more housewives and little men in
the street and foreign presidents.  It's goin' to be back to the fighter who
comes to town, smells a flower, visits a hospital, blows a horn and says
he's in shape.  Old hat.  I was the onliest boxer in history people asked
questions like a senator.
		-- Muhammad Ali


Support your local church or synagogue.
Worship at Bank of America.


Hear about...
	the drunken midget who walked into a home for girls and kissed
	everybody in the joint?


I wouldn't mind dying -- it's that business of having to stay dead that
scares the shit out of me.
		-- R. Geis


As many of you know, I am taking a class here at UNC on Personality.
One of the tests to determine personality in our book was so incredibly
useful and interesting, I just had to share it.

Answer each of the following items "true" or "false"

 1. I think beavers work too hard.
 2. I use shoe polish to excess.
 3. God is love.
 4. I like mannish children.
 5. I have always been disturbed by the sight of Lincoln's ears.
 6. I always let people get ahead of me at swimming pools.
 7. Most of the time I go to sleep without saying goodbye.
 8. I am not afraid of picking up door knobs.
 9. I believe I smell as good as most people.
10. Frantic screams make me nervous.
11. It's hard for me to say the right thing when I find myself in a room
    full of mice.
12. I would never tell my nickname in a crisis.
13. A wide necktie is a sign of disease.
14. As a child I was deprived of licorice.
15. I would never shake hands with a gardener.
16. My eyes are always cold.
17. Cousins are not to be trusted.
18. When I look down from a high spot, I want to spit.
19. I am never startled by a fish.
20. I have never gone to pieces over the weekend.


Insanity is the final defense.  It's hard to get a refund when
the salesman is sniffing your crotch and baying at the moon.


A vasectomy means never having to say you're sorry.


I am not an Economist.  I am an honest man!
		-- Paul McCracken


The American system of ours, call it Americanism, call it Capitalism,
call it what you like, gives each and every one of us a great
opportunity if we only seize it with both hands and make the most of it.
		-- Al Capone


The heroic hours of life do not announce their presence by drum and trumpet,
challenging us to be true to ourselves by appeals to the martial spirit that
keeps the blood at heat.  Some little, unassuming, unobtrusive choice presents
itself before us slyly and craftily, glib and insinuating, in the modest garb
of innocence.  To yield to its blandishments is so easy.  The wrong, it seems,
is venial...  Then it is that you will be summoned to show the courage of
adventurous youth.
		-- Benjamin Cardozo


High heels are a device invented by a woman
who was tired of being kissed on the forehead.


	Eugene d'Albert, a noted German composer, was married six times.
At an evening reception which he attended with his fifth wife shortly
after their wedding, he presented the lady to a friend who said politely,
"Congratulations, Herr d'Albert; you have rarely introduced me to so
charming a wife."


methionylglutaminylarginyltyrosylglutamylserylleucylphenylalanylalanylglutamin-
ylleucyllysylglutamylarginyllysylglutamylglycylalanylphenylalanylvalylprolyl-
phenylalanylvalylthreonylleucylglycylaspartylprolylglycylisoleucylglutamylglu-
taminylserylleucyllysylisoleucylaspartylthreonylleucylisoleucylglutamylalanyl-
glycylalanylaspartylalanylleucylglutamylleucylglycylisoleucylprolylphenylala-
nylserylaspartylprolylleucylalanylaspartylglycylprolylthreonylisoleucylgluta-
minylasparaginylalanylthreonylleucylarginylalanylphenylalanylalanylalanylgly-
cylvalylthreonylprolylalanylglutaminylcysteinylphenylalanylglutamylmethionyl-
leucylalanylleucylisoleucylarginylglutaminyllysylhistidylprolylthreonylisoleu-
cylprolylisoleucylglycylleucylleucylmethionyltyrosylalanylasparaginylleucylva-
lylphenylalanylasparaginyllysylglycylisoleucylaspartylglutamylphenylalanyltyro-
sylalanylglutaminylcysteinylglutamyllysylvalylglycylvalylaspartylserylvalylleu-
cylvalylalanylaspartylvalylprolylvalylglutaminylglutamylserylalanylprolylphe-
nylalanylarginylglutaminylalanylalanylleucylarginylhistidylasparaginylvalylala-
nylprolylisoleucylphenylalanylisoleucylcysteinylprolylprolylaspartylalanylas-
partylaspartylaspartylleucylleucylarginylglutaminylisoleucylalanylseryltyrosyl-
glycylarginylglycyltyrosylthreonyltyrosylleucylleucylserylarginylalanylglycyl-
valylthreonylglycylalanylglutamylasparaginylarginylalanylalanylleucylprolylleu-
cylasparaginylhistidylleucylvalylalanyllysylleucyllysylglutamyltyrosylasparagi-
nylalanylalanylprolylprolylleucylglutaminylglycylphenylalanylglycylisoleucylse-
rylalanylprolylaspartylglutaminylvalyllysylalanylalanylisoleucylaspartylalanyl-
glycylalanylalanylglycylalanylisoleucylserylglycylserylalanylisoleucylvalylly-
sylisoleucylisoleucylglutamylglutaminylhistidylasparaginylisoleucylglutamylpro-
lylglutamyllysylmethionylleucylalanylalanylleucyllysylvalylphenylalanylvalyl-
glutaminylprolylmethionyllysylalanylalanylthreonylarginylserine, n.:
	The chemical name for tryptophan synthetase A protein, a
	1,913-letter enzyme with 267 amino acids.
		-- Mrs. Byrne's Dictionary of Unusual, Obscure, and
		   Preposterous Words


Due to lack of disk space, this fortune database has been
discontinued.


Regression analysis:
	Mathematical techniques for trying to understand why things are
	getting worse.


Rules for Academic Deans:
	(1)  HIDE!!!!
	(2)  If they find you, LIE!!!!
		-- Father Damian C. Fandal


HOST SYSTEM NOT RESPONDING, PROBABLY DOWN. DO YOU WANT TO WAIT? (Y/N)


The English have no respect for their language, and will not teach
their children to speak it.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Q:	What's the difference between "Oooh" and "Aaah"?
A:	About three inches.


I collect rare photographs...  I have two...  One of Houdini locking his
keys in his car...  the other is a rare picture of Norman Rockwell beating
up a child.
		-- Steven Wright


If there is any realistic deterrent to marriage, it's the fact that you
can't afford divorce.
		-- Jack Nicholson


It was one of those perfect summer days -- the sun was shining, a breeze
was blowing, the birds were singing, and the lawn mower was broken ...
		-- James Dent


Every man thinks God is on his side.  The rich
and powerful know that he is.
		-- Jean Anouilh, "The Lark"


Sticks and stones may break my bones but whips and chains excite me!!!


LA:
	Where the only way to determine that the seasons have changed
	is to note that people have changed the main topic of conversation.
	From mud slides to brush fires.


If we men married the women we deserved, we should have a very bad time
of it.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Neuroses are red,
	Melancholia's blue.
I'm schizophrenic,
	What are you?


When they tell me to stick it where
the sun don't shine, I put it in Oregon.


Taken from actual police car videos:

(15) Relax!  The handcuffs are tight because they're new.  They'll
     stretch out after you wear them awhile.
(14) Take your hands off the car and I'll make your birth certificate
     a worthless document.
(13) If you run you'll only go to jail tired.
(12) Can you run faster than 1200 feet per second?  In case you didn't
     know that's the average speed of a 9 mm bullet fired from my gun.
(11) So you don't know how fast you were going.  I guess that means I
     can write anything I want on the ticket, huh?
(10) Yes, sir, you can talk to the shift supervisor, but I don't think
     it will help.  Oh, did I mention that I AM the shift supervisor?
(9)  Warning? You want a warning?  OK, I'm warning you not to do that
     again or I'll give you another ticket.
(8)  The answer to this last question will determine whether you are
     drunk or not.  Is Mickey Mouse a cat or a dog?


Unix will self-destruct in five seconds... 4... 3... 2... 1...


Long, long ago, in the Old West, a rancher rode into town to buy supplies.
When he returned, he found that his whole family had been killed, his wife
raped, his house burned, and all his cattle rustled.  When he told his
distant neighbors about the tragedy, a few of them reported that the only
stranger they had seen in the area for weeks was a tall desperado wearing a
black hat and a red neckerchief.
	The cowboy saddled his fastest horse and set out to find the villian.
He searched for months but couldn't catch up with the culprit; in town after
dusty town he was told that a man fitting the description had been there but
had just departed; usually after some heinous crime.
	One evening after a hard day's ride he came into a town, tied his
horse, and entered the saloon.  At a table in the corner sat an ugly man,
with a black hat and a red neckerchief!  Slowly the cowboy stalked up to
this man, his hands resting upon his guns.
	"Are you the man who killed my family, raped my wife, burned my
house and rustled my cattle?"
	"Probably; after so many, how can I be sure?" snarled the bandit.
	"You better cut that shit out!"


We warn the reader in advance that the proof presented here
depends on a clever but highly unmotivated trick.
		-- Howard Anton, "Elementary Linear Algebra"


He who despairs over an event is a coward, but he who holds hopes for
the human condition is a fool.
		-- Albert Camus


	If you're like most homeowners, you're afraid that many repairs
around your home are too difficult to tackle.  So, when your furnace
explodes, you call in a so-called professional to fix it.  The
"professional" arrives in a truck with lettering on the sides and
deposits a large quantity of tools and two assistants who spend the
better part of the week in your basement whacking objects at random
with heavy wrenches, after which the "professional" returns and gives
you a bill for slightly more money than it would cost you to run a
successful campaign for the U.S. Senate.
	And that's why you've decided to start doing things yourself.
You figure, "If those guys can fix my furnace, then so can I.  How
difficult can it be?"
	Very difficult.  In fact, most home projects are impossible,
which is why you should do them yourself.  There is no point in paying
other people to screw things up when you can easily screw them up
yourself for far less money.  This article can help you.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


The Heineken Uncertainty Principle:
	You can never be sure how many beers you had last night.


If you keep your mind sufficiently open, people will throw a lot of
rubbish into it.
		-- William Orton


Even a man who is pure at heart,
And says his prayers at night
Can become a wolf when the wolfbane blooms,
And the moon is full and bright.
		-- The Wolf Man, 1941


Women, deceived by men, want to marry them; it is a kind of revenge
as good as any other.
		-- Philippe De Remi


The very powerful and the very stupid have one thing in common.
Instead of altering their views to fit the facts, they alter the facts
to fit their views ... which can be very uncomfortable if you happen to
be one of the facts that needs altering.
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who: Face of Evil"


Overall, the philosophy is to attack the availability problem from two
complementary directions:  to reduce the number of software errors through
rigorous testing of running systems, and to reduce the effect of the remaining
errors by providing for recovery from them.  An interesting footnote to this
design is that now a system failure can usually be considered to be the
result of two program errors:  the first, in the program that started the
problem; the second, in the recovery routine that could not protect the
system.
		-- A. L. Scherr, "Functional Structure of IBM Virtual
		   Storage Operating Systems, Part II: OS/VS-2
		   Concepts and Philosophies,"
		   IBM Systems Journal, Vol. 12, No. 4.


Mother is the invention of necessity.


You can do very well in speculation where
land or anything to do with dirt is concerned.


I never made a mistake in my life.
I thought I did once, but I was wrong.
		-- Lucy Van Pelt


APL is a natural extension of assembler language programming;
...and is best for educational purposes.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


Q:	What is the difference between Texas and yogurt?
A:	Yogurt has culture.


Sure there are dishonest men in local government.  But there are dishonest
men in national government too.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Man, n.:
	An animal so lost in rapturous contemplation of what he thinks
	he is as to overlook what he indubitably ought to be.  His chief
	occupation is extermination of other animals and his own
	species, which, however, multiplies with such insistent rapidity
	as to infest the whole habitable earth and Canada.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Beauty is truth, truth beauty, that is all
Ye know on earth, and all ye need to know.
		-- John Keats


I'm a gay man trapped in a lesbian's body!
		-- The Queer Gospels of Madonna the Sloppily Conceived


FORTRAN is a good example of a language
which is easier to parse using ad hoc techniques.
		-- D. Gries
		   [What's good about it?  Ed.]


Boys are beyond the range of anybody's sure understanding, at least
when they are between the ages of 18 months and 90 years.
		-- James Thurber


Latin is a language,
As dead as can be.
First it killed the Romans,
And now it's killing me.


I realize that today you have a number of top female athletes such as
Martina Navratilova who can run like deer and bench-press Chevrolet
trucks.  But to be brutally frank, women as a group have a long way to
go before they reach the level of intensity and dedication to sports
that enables men to be such incredible jerks about it.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sports is a Drag"


   It is either through the influence of narcotic potions, of which all
primitive peoples and races speak in hymns, or through the powerful approach
of spring, penetrating with joy all of nature, that those Dionysian stirrings
arise, which in their intensification lead the individual to forget himself
completely. ... Not only does the bond between man and man come to be forged
once again by the magic of the Dionysian rite, but alienated, hostile, or
subjugated nature again celebrates her reconciliation with her prodigal son,
man.
		-- Fred Nietzsche, The Birth of Tragedy


A horse!  A horse!  My kingdom for a horse!
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


I'm for bringing back the birch, but only for consenting adults.
		-- Gore Vidal


A clash of doctrine is not a disaster - it is an opportunity.


Everything will be just tickety-boo today.


The buffalo isn't as dangerous as everyone makes him out to be.
Statistics prove that in the United States more Americans are killed in
automobile accidents than are killed by buffalo.
		-- Art Buchwald


Do you believe in intuition?
No, but I have a strange feeling that someday I will.


Experience is a good teacher, but she sends in terrific bills.
		-- Minna Antrim, "Naked Truth and Veiled Allusions"


Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths good theatre.
		-- Gail Godwin


Nudists are people who wear one-button suits.


Perhaps, after all, America never has been discovered.
I myself would say that it had merely been detected.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Wok, n.:
	Something to thwow at a wabbit.


Waiter: "Tea or coffee, gentlemen?"
1st customer: "I'll have tea."
2nd customer: "Me, too -- and be sure the glass is clean!"
	(Waiter exits, returns)
Waiter: "Two teas.  Which one asked for the clean glass?"


Don't let nobody tell you what you cannot do;
don't let nobody tell you what's impossible for you;
don't let nobody tell you what you got to do,
or you'll never know ... what's on the other side of the rainbow...
remember, if you don't follow your dreams,
you'll never know what's on the other side of the rainbow...
		-- melba moore, "the other side of the rainbow"


PLEASE DON'T SMOKE HERE!

Penalty: An early, lingering death from cancer,
	 emphysema, or other smoking-caused ailment.


Oral sex, n.:
	The taste of things to come.


If Carter is the answer, it must have been a VERY silly question.


You come out of a woman and you spend the rest of your life trying to
get back inside.
		-- Heathcote Williams


One girl can be pretty -- but a dozen are only a chorus.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald, "The Last Tycoon"


HOW TO REMOVE STAINS -- #28
	Semen stains can be removed from computer terminals with
	Fantastik or the like.  Use Windex on the glass however, and
	be sure to turn the power off if you have to clean between
	the keys.


Obviously the only rational solution to your problem is suicide.


History has much to say on following the proper procedures.  From a history
of the Mexican revolution:

	"Hildago was later defeated at Guadalajara.  The rebel army was
captured on its way through the mountains.  All were courtmartialed and
shot, except Hildago, because he was a priest.  He was handed over to
the bishop of Durango who excommunicated him and returned him to the
army where he was then executed."


I asked a teacher what the opposite of a miracle was and she, without
thinking, I assume, said it was an act of God.
			-- Terry Prachett (Daily Mail 21 june 2008)


He that composes himself is wiser than he that composes a book.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Interpreter, n.:
	One who enables two persons of different languages to understand
	each other by repeating to each what it would have been to the
	interpreter's advantage for the other to have said.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Excellent day for drinking heavily.
Spike the office water cooler.


Brogan's Constant:
	People tend to congregate in the back
	of the church and the front of the bus.


An elephant is a mouse with an operating system.


One, with God, is always a majority, but many a martyr has been burned at
the stake while the votes were being counted.
		-- Thomas B. Reed


Don't I know you?


Peeping Tom:
	A window fan.


In war it is not men, but the man who counts.
		-- Napoleon


A fool is a man who worries about whether or not his lover has integrity.
A wise man, on the other hand, busies himself with deeper attributes.


In the long run, every program becomes rococo, and then rubble.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


	A crow perched himself on a telephone wire.  He was going to make a
long-distance caw.


DEFAULT:
	The hardware's, of course.


A platitude is simply a truth repeated till people get tired of hearing it.
		-- Stanley Baldwin


APL is a mistake, carried through to perfection.  It is the language of the
future for the programming techniques of the past: it creates a new generation
of coding bums.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


Japan, n.:
	A fictional place where elves, gnomes and economic imperialists
	create electronic equipment and computers using black magic.  It
	is said that in the capital city of Akihabara, the streets are
	paved with gold and semiconductor chips grow on low bushes from
	which they are harvested by the happy natives.


QOTD:
	"It's a dog-eat-dog world, and I'm wearing Milk Bone underwear."


Idleness is the holiday of fools.


Hacker, n.:
	Originally, any person with a knack for coercing stubborn inanimate
things; hence, a person with a happy knack, later contracted by the mythical
philosopher Frisbee Frobenius to the common usage, "hack."
	In olden times, upon completion of some particularly atrocious body
of coding that happened to work well, culpable programmers would gather in
a small circle around a first edition of Knuth's Best Volume I by candlelight,
and proceed to get very drunk while sporadically rending the following ditty:

		Hacker's Fight Song

		He's a Hack!  He's a Hack!
		He's a guy with the happy knack!
		Never bungles, never shirks,
		Always gets his stuff to work!

All take a drink (important!)


Life is just a bowl of cherries, but why do I always get the pits?


Help stamp out and abolish redundancy!


Drinking is not a spectator sport.
		-- Jim Brosnan


I was playing poker the other night... with Tarot cards.  I got a
full house and four people died.
		-- Steven Wright


Q:	Why do the police always travel in threes?
A:	One to do the reading, one to do the writing, and the other keeps
	an eye on the two intellectuals.


The ark lands after The Flood.  Noah lets all the animals out.  Says he, "Go
and multiply."  Several months pass.  Noah decides to check up on the animals.
All are doing fine except a pair of snakes.  "What's the problem?" says Noah.
"Cut down some trees and let us live there", say the snakes.  Noah follows
their advice.  Several more weeks pass.  Noah checks on the snakes again.
Lots of little snakes, everybody is happy.  Noah asks, "Want to tell me how
the trees helped?"  "Certainly", say the snakes. "We're adders, and we need
logs to multiply."


Even though they raised the rate for first class mail in the United
States we really shouldn't complain -- it's still only two cents a
day.


Peeping Tom:
	A window fan.


Q:	Why does Helen Keller masturbate with one hand?
A:	So she can moan with the other!


I know a Polack his name is Cliff,
Hey-la-de-la-de-la.
He sticks it in the freezer to get it stiff,
Hey-la-de-la-de-lo.

I know a girl, her name is Serafina,
Hey-la-de-la-de-la.
She'll get down on all fours for a bowl of Purina,
Hey-la-de-la-de-lo.

I know a girl, her name is Cuffy,
Hey-la-de-la-de-la.
She douches with Tide and makes her pubes fluffy,
Hey la-de-la-de-lo.
		-- Doctor Dirty


A Texan, impressing the hell out of a Bostonian with tales about the heroes
of the Alamo, commented, "I'll bet you never had anyone that brave around
*Boston*."
	"Ever hear of Paul Revere?", snarled the Bostonian.
	"Paul Revere?", pondered the Texan.  "Isn't he the guy who ran for
help?"


Fortune understands that the vote on a bill to legalize bisexuality
could go either way.


Was there a time when dancers with their fiddles
In children's circuses could stay their troubles?
There was a time they could cry over books,
But time has set its maggot on their track.
Under the arc of the sky they are unsafe.
What's never known is safest in this life.
Under the skysigns they who have no arms
Have cleanest hands, and, as the heartless ghost
Alone's unhurt, so the blind man sees best.
		-- Dylan Thomas, "Was There A Time"


This week only, all our fiber-fill jackets are marked down!


	Two parent drops spent months teaching their son how to be part of the
ocean.  After months of training, the father drop commented to the mother drop,
"We've taught our boy everything we know, he's fit to be tide."
	After Snow White used a couple rolls of film taking pictures of the
seven dwarfs, she mailed the roll to be developed.  Later she was heard to
sing, "Some day my prints will come."
	A boy spent years collecting postage stamps.  The girl next door bought
an album too, and started her own collection.  "Dad, she buys everything I've
bought, and it's taken all the fun out of it for me.  I'm quitting."  Don't,
son, remember, 'Imitation is the sincerest form of philately.'"
	A young girl, Carmen Cohen, was called by her last name by her father,
and her first name by her mother.  By the time she was ten, didn't know if she
was Carmen or Cohen.
	Against his wishes, a math teacher's classroom was remodeled.  Ever
since, he's been talking about the good old dais.  His students planted a small
orchard in his honor, the trees all have square roots.


Haste makes waste.
		-- John Heywood


Am I ranting?  I hope so.  My ranting gets raves.


He who laughs last -- missed the punch line.


How come we never talk anymore?


Q:	What is purple and commutes?
A:	An Abelian grape.


Clay's Conclusion:
	Creativity is great, but plagiarism is faster.


Laws of Serendipity:

	(1) In order to discover anything, you must be looking for
	    something.
	(2) If you wish to make an improved product, you must already
	    be engaged in making an inferior one.


Hackers know all the right MOVs.


QOTD:
	"It's been Monday all week today."


Q:	What's the difference between a Mac and an Etch-a-Sketch?
A:	You don't have to shake the Mac to clear the screen.


DALLAS:
	The city that chose Astroturf to
	keep the cheerleaders from grazing.


	"God built a compelling sex drive into every creature, no
matter what style of fucking it practiced.  He made sex irresistibly
pleasurable, wildly joyous, free from fears.  He made it innocent
merriment.
	"Needless to say, fucking was an immediate smash hit.  Everyone
agreed, from aardvarks to zebras.  All the jolly animals -- lions and
lambs, rhinoceroses and gazelles, skylarks and lobsters, even insects,
though most of them fuck only once in a lifetime -- fucked along
innocently and merrily for hundreds of millions of years.  Maybe they
were dumb animals, but they knew a good thing when they had one."
		-- Alan Sherman, "The Rape of the A*P*E*"


Lunatic Asylum, n.:
	The place where optimism most flourishes.


I never met a piece of chocolate I didn't like.


Meet Elmer, young son of the Thorpes,
Afflicted with psychotic warps.
	His idea of fun
	Is to bugger a nun,
And then vomit all over the corpse.


An angst-ridden amorist, Fred,
Saw sartorial changes ahead.
	His mind kept on ringing
	With fishy girls singing;
Soft fruit also filled him with dread.
		-- J. Walker, "The Love Song Of J. Alfred Prufrock"


Bahdges?  We don't need no stinkin' bahdges!
		-- "The Treasure of Sierra Madre"


Our problems are so serious that the best
way to talk about them is lightheartedly.


So, good night, you moonlit ladies,
Rock-a-bye sweet baby James.
Deep greens and blues are the colors I choose,
Won't you let me go down in my dreams?
And rock-a-bye sweet baby James.
		-- James Taylor, "Rock-a-bye Sweet Baby James"


God help those who do not help themselves.
		-- Wilson Mizner


You are number 6!  Who is number one?


Girls would never stay out late if guys didn't make them.


	"I know a life of crime led me to this sorry state.  I blame
society.  Society made me what I am today!"
	"That's bullshit Archie.  You're just a young suburban punk
like me."
	"It still...  hurts... auugghh!"
	"You're going to be okay..."
		"...gurgle..."
			"... maybe not."
		-- Repo Man


I'm sorry, but after reading this thread, I'm having a hard time
coming up with an explanation for this nonsense which doesn't involve
you being a dumbass.
		-- Bill Paul <wpaul@FreeBSD.org>


Once again dread deed is done.
Canon sleeps,
his all-knowing eye shaded
to human chance and circumstance.
Peace reigns anew o'er Pine Valley,
but Canon's sleep is troubled.

Beware, scant days past the Ides of July.
Impatient hands wait eagerly
to grasp, to hold
scant moments of time
wrested from life in the full
glory of Canon's power;
held captive by his unblinking eye.

Three golden orbs stand watch;
one each to toll the day, hour, minute
until predestiny decrees his reawakening.
When that feared moment arrives,
"Ask not for whom the bell tolls,
It tolls for thee."
		-- "I extended the loan on your Camera, at the Pine
		   Valley Pawn Shop today"


VMS, n.:
	The world's foremost multi-user adventure game.


