If I had a formula for bypassing trouble, I would not pass it around.
Trouble creates a capacity to handle it.  I don't say embrace trouble; that's
as bad as treating it as an enemy.  But I do say meet it as a friend, for
you'll see a lot of it and you had better be on speaking terms with it.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.


More people have died in Ted Kennedy's car than in nuclear power plants.


The part of the world that people find most puzzling is the part called "Me".


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(16) The collective knowledge and wisdom of seasoned citizens is the
     most valuable, yet untapped, resource our young people have.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


	A mother and her daughter came to the doctor's office.  The mother
asked the doctor to examine her daughter.  "She has been having some strange
symptoms and I'm worried about her," the mother said.
	The doctor examined the daughter carefully.  Then he announced,
"Madam, I believe your daughter is pregnant."
	The mother gasped.  "That's nonsense!" she said.  "Why, my little
girl has never even been out with a man, let alone... let alone..."  She
turns to the girl and said, "Tell the doctor, Susie!"
	"Yes, Mumsy," said the girl.  "Doctor, I have never so much as
kissed a man!"
	The doctor looked from the mother to daughter, and back again.  Then,
silently he stood up and walked to the window.  He stared out.  He continued
staring until the mother felt compelled to ask, "Doctor, is there something
wrong out there?"
	"No, Madam," said the doctor.  "It's just that the last time anything
like this happened, a star appeared in the East and I was looking to see if
another one was going to show up."


Gary Hart's biggest mistake was not getting Teddy Kennedy to drive
Donna Rice home.


The time for action is past!
Now is the time for senseless bickering.


Language is a virus from another planet.
		-- William Burroughs


Real programmers don't write in FORTRAN.  FORTRAN is for pipe stress
freaks and crystallography weenies.  FORTRAN is for wimp engineers who
wear white socks.


I wonder what my wife will want tonight;
Wonder if the wife will fuss and fight?
	I wonder can she tell
	That I've been raising hell;
Wonder if she'll know that I've been tight?

My wife is just as nice as can be,
I hope she doesn't feel too nice toward me.
	For an afternoon of joy,
	Is hell on the old boy,
I wonder what the wife will want tonight!


Thank you for observing all safety precautions.


Democracy, n.:
	In which you say what you like and do what you're told.
		-- Gerald Barry

The difference between a Democracy and a Dictatorship is that in a
Democracy you vote first and take orders later; in a Dictatorship
you don't have to waste your time voting.
		-- Charles Bukowski


Grabel's Law:
	2 is not equal to 3 -- not even for large values of 2.


Clarke's Conclusion:
	Never let your sense of morals interfere with doing the right thing.


My life is a soap opera, but who has the rights?
		-- MadameX


Macho does not prove mucho.
		-- Zsa Zsa Gabor


[We] use bad software and bad machines for the wrong things.
		-- R. W. Hamming


Life is too short to be taken seriously.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Congratulations!

Some products leave home silently, some go kicking and screaming.  If
v1.0 was the first born who came downstairs with shoes untied missing
a sock and a belt, then this one was a full fledged punk rocker
with neon hair and multiple piercings.  I believe we squeezed it into
a suit and tie and brought its color back to an earth tone before it
left.

		-- An HP engineering project manager who shall remain
		   nameless to the development team after releasing
		   the second version of their product.


The way to a man's heart is through the left ventricle.


There appears before you a threatening figure clad all over in heavy black
armor.  His legs seem like the massive trunk of the oak tree.  His broad
shoulders and helmeted head loom high over your own puny frame and you
realize that his powerful arms could easily crush the very life from your
body.  There hangs from his belt a veritable arsenal of deadly weapons:
sword, mace, ball and chain, dagger, lance, and trident.
He speaks with a commanding voice:

		"YOU SHALL NOT PASS"

As he grabs you by the neck all grows dim about you.


Tax reform means "Don't tax you, don't
tax me, tax that fellow behind the tree."
		-- Russell Long


Around the turn of this century, a composer named Camille Saint-Saens wrote
a satirical zoological-fantasy called "Le Carnaval des Animaux."  Aside from
one movement of this piece, "The Swan", Saint-Saens didn't allow this work
to be published or even performed until a year had elapsed after his death.
(He died in 1921.)
	Most of us know the "Swan" movement rather well, with its smooth,
flowing cello melody against a calm background; but I've been having this
fantasy...
	What if he had written this piece with lyrics, as a song to be sung?
And, further, what if he had accompanied this song with a musical saw?  (This
instrument really does exist, often played by percussionists!)  Then the
piece would be better known as:
	SAINT-SAENS' SAW SONG "SWAN"!


The idea is to die young as late as possible.
		-- Ashley Montague


Dibble's First Law of Sociology:
	Some do, some don't.


	A bear and a rabbit are taking a crap in the woods.  The bear looks
over at the rabbit and asks, "Say, does shit ever stick to your fur?"
	"No."
	So the bear wiped his ass with the rabbit.


Approximately 80% of our air pollution stems from hydrocarbons
released by vegetation, so let's not go overboard in setting and
enforcing tough emissions standards from man-made sources.
		-- Ronald Reagan


The best laid plans of mice and men are held up in the legal department.


Just because your doctor has a name for your
condition doesn't mean he knows what it is.


Troubled day for virgins over 16 who are beautiful, wealthy, and live
in eucalyptus trees.


Millihelen, adj.:
	The amount of beauty required to launch one ship.


To stand and be still,
At the Birkenhead drill,
Is a damned tough bullet to chew.
		-- Rudyard Kipling


As of next Tuesday, C will be flushed in favor of COBOL.
Please update your programs.


This Czech walks into police station in 1968 during the Fraternal Assistance.
Czech:	Hey, out there in the street, a Swiss soldier knocked me down and
	took my Russian watch.
Desk Sergeant:	Come again?
Czech:	Right out there in the street, a Swiss soldier knocked me down and
	took my Russian watch.
DS:	You're confused.  Why would there be a Swiss soldier here?  And who
	would want to own a Russian watch?  It was a Russian soldier who
	knocked you down and took your Swiss watch, right?
Czech:	Well, maybe, but you said it, not me.


Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy.
		-- Charlie McCarthy


Forty isn't old, if you're a tree.


If you knew what to say next, would you say it?


Abstainer, n.:
	A weak person who yields to the
	temptation of denying himself a pleasure.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


If Reagan is the answer, it must have been a VERY silly question.


The number of arguments is unimportant unless some of them are
correct.
		-- Ralph Hartley


I don't know anything about music.  In my line you don't have to.
		-- Elvis Presley


What you want, what you're hanging around in the world waiting for, is for
something to occur to you.
		-- Robert Frost

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to AST's.]


Is a person who blows up banks an econoclast?


An egghead is one who stands firmly on both feet,
in mid-air, on both sides of an issue.
		-- Homer Ferguson


Do you believe in intuition?
No, but I have a strange feeling that someday I will.


It may be that your whole purpose in life
is simply to serve as a warning to others.


Harvard Law:
	Under the most rigorously controlled conditions of pressure,
	temperature, volume, humidity, and other variables, the
	organism will do as it damn well pleases.


If money can't buy happiness, I guess you'll just have to rent it.


Proof techniques #1: Proof by Induction.

This technique is used on equations with 'n' in them.  Induction
techniques are very popular, even the military use them.

SAMPLE:  Proof of induction without proof of induction.

	We know it's true for n equal to 1.  Now assume that it's true
for every natural number less than n.  N is arbitrary, so we can take n
as large as we want.  If n is sufficiently large, the case of n+1 is
trivially equivalent, so the only important n are n less than n.  We can
take n = n (from above), so it's true for n+1 because it's just about n.
	QED.	(QED translates from the Latin as "So what?")


In the plot, people came to the land; the land loved them; they worked and
struggled and had lots of children.  There was a Frenchman who talked funny
and a greenhorn from England who was a fancy-pants but when it came to the
crunch he was all courage.  Those novels would make you retch.
		-- Canadian novelist Robertson Davies, on the generic Canadian
		   novel.


I'd rather be led to hell than managed to heaven.


The end move in politics is always to pick up a gun.
		-- Buckminster Fuller


Profanity is the one language all programmers know best.


I'll rob that rich person and give it to some poor deserving slob.
That will *prove* I'm Robin Hood.
		-- Daffy Duck, "Robin Hood Daffy", [1958, Chuck Jones]


Q:	What does a blonde do first thing in the morning?
A:	She goes home.

Q:	Why does a blonde have fur on the hem of her dress?
A:	To keep her neck warm.

Q:	How do you make a blonde laugh on Monday?
A:	Tell her a joke on Friday.


I am a man: nothing human is alien to me.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)


Bennett's Laws of Horticulture:
	(1)  Houses are for people to live in.
	(2)  Gardens are for plants to live in.
	(3)  There is no such thing as a houseplant.


Nothing that's forced can ever be right,
If it doesn't come naturally, leave it.
That's what she said as she turned out the light,
And we bent our backs as slaves of the night,
Then she lowered her guard and showed me the scars
She got from trying to fight
Saying, oh, you'd better believe it.
[...]
Well nothing that's real is ever for free
And you just have to pay for it sometime.
She said it before, she said it to me,
I suppose she believed there was nothing to see,
But the same old four imaginary walls
She'd built for livin' inside
I said oh, you just can't mean it.
[...]
Well nothing that's forced can ever be right,
If it doesn't come naturally, leave it.
That's what she said as she turned out the light,
And she may have been wrong, and she may have been right,
But I woke with the frost, and noticed she'd lost
The veil that covered her eyes,
I said oh, you can leave it.
		-- Al Stewart, "If It Doesn't Come Naturally, Leave It"


When we jumped into Sicily, the units became separated, and I couldn't find
anyone.  Eventually I stumbled across two colonels, a major, three captains,
two lieutenants, and one rifleman, and we secured the bridge.  Never in the
history of war have so few been led by so many.
		-- General James Gavin


Women treat us just as humanity treats its gods.  They worship
us and are always bothering us to do something for them.
		-- Wilde


Faith is under the left nipple.
		-- Martin Luther


We could do that, but it would be wrong, that's for sure.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Statistics means never having to say you're certain.


A man rushed into a bar and breathlessly asked the bartender to pour him
three straight scotches.  The bartender complied, and watched as he downed
them one after another.
	"Why three scotches?" the bartender asked as he paused for breath.
	"Well, to be honest, I'm celebrating my first blow-job."
	"Hell, congratulations, the next one's on me."
	"No, thanks," the young man replied, "if the first three didn't get
the taste out of my mouth, I don't think another one will."


A man arrived home early to find his wife in the arms of his best friend,
who swore how much they were in love.  To quiet the enraged husband, the
lover suggested, "Friends shouldn't fight, let's play gin rummy.  If I win,
you get a divorce so I can marry her.  If you win, I promise never to see
her again.  Okay?"
	"Alright," agreed the husband.  "But how about a quarter a point
on the side to make it interesting?"


Q:	How many IBM CPUs does it take to do a logical right shift?
A:	33.  1 to hold the bits and 32 to push the register.


QOTD:
	"East is east... and let's keep it that way."


If you are not for yourself, who will be for you?
If you are for yourself, then what are you?
If not now, when?


Lactomangulation, n.:
	Manhandling the "open here" spout on a milk carton so badly
	that one has to resort to using the "illegal" side.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


That which is not good for the swarm, neither is it good for the bee.


More computing sins are committed in the name of efficiency (without
necessarily achieving it) than for any other single reason -- including
blind stupidity.
		-- W. A. Wulf


She was only:
	a coal digger's daughter, but she'll always be mine.
	a statistician's daughter, but she knew all the standard deviations.
	a wrestler's daughter, but you should have seen her box.
	a moonshiner's daughter, but I loved her still.
	a chimney sweep's daughter, but she sure knew how to haul ash.
	a fireman's daughter, but her face was a cause for alarm.
	a banker's daughter, but she opened her drawers for cash.


Quantity is no substitute for quality,
but its the only one we've got.


If God had intended Man to program, we'd be born with serial I/O ports.


Among the lucky, you are the chosen one.


A racially integrated community is a chronological term timed from the
entrance of the first black family to the exit of the last white family.
		-- Saul Alinsky


Impotent loser, n.:
	Someone who can't even get his hopes up.


Common sense is instinct, and enough of it is genius.
		-- Josh Billings


Omnibiblious, adj.:
	Indifferent to type of drink.  Ex: "Oh, you can get me anything.
	I'm omnibiblious."


A Hen Brooding Kittens
	A friend informs us that he saw at the Novato ranch, Marin county,
a few days since, a hen actually brooding and otherwise caring for three
kittens!  The gentleman upon whose premises this strange event is transpiring
says the hen adopted the kittens when they were but a few days old, and that
she has devoted them her undivided care for several weeks past.  The young
felines are now of respectable size, but they nevertheless follow the hen at
her cluckings, and are regularly brooded at night beneath her wings.
		-- Sacramento Daily Union, July 2, 1861


In my world, there are people in chains and we can ride them like ponies.
		-- Evil Willow, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Doppelgangland"
		   Season 3, Episode 16


I do not know where to find in any literature, whether ancient or modern,
any adequate account of that nature with which I am acquainted.  Mythology
comes nearest to it of any.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


Every day people are straying away from the church and going back to God.
		-- Lenny Bruce


The only reward of virtue is virtue.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Just yesterday morning, they let me know you were gone,
Suzanne, the plans they made put an end to you,
I went out this morning and I wrote down this song,
Just can't remember who to send it to...

Oh, I've seen fire and I've seen rain,
I've seen sunny days that I thought would never end,
I've seen lonely times when I could not find a friend,
But I always thought that I'd see you again.
Thought I'd see you one more time again.
		-- James Taylor, "Fire and Rain"


What this country needs is a good five dollar plasma weapon.


The only thing we learn from history is that we learn nothing from
history.
		-- Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel

I know guys can't learn from yesterday ... Hegel must be taking the
long view.
		-- John Brunner, "Stand on Zanzibar"


Taxes are not levied for the benefit of the taxed.


You are wise, witty, and wonderful,
but you spend too much time reading this sort of trash.


	Churchill was given to reading in the bathtub and, while staying at
the White House, he once became so engrossed in an account of the Battle of
Fonteney that he forgot President Roosevelt was due to drop by to discuss the
upcoming conference in Yalta.  At the appointed hour, the President was
wheeled into Churchill's quarters only to be informed that the Prime Minister
had not finished bathing.  Roosevelt was about to apologize for the intrusion
and depart when Churchill, puffing his customary cigar, strode into the room
stark naked and greeted the nonplussed world leader with a terse, "What are
you staring at, homo?"
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


Sam Lefkovitz is having an intimate party to celebrate his thirty
immensely profitable years in the construction business.
	"You know," he laments to his friends, "over the years I have
constructed dozens of enormous projects in and around this city, but
am I known as Sam the Builder?  No.
	And over the years I have contributed literally millions of
dollars to charitable causes of one sort or another, but am I called
Sam the Philanthropist?  No sir!
	But suck one little cock..."


What's so funny?


From 0 to "what seems to be the problem officer" in 8.3 seconds.
		-- Ad for the new VW Corrado


Absurdity, n.:
	A statement or belief manifestly
	inconsistent with one's own opinion.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Hate is like acid.  It can damage the vessel in which it is
stored as well as destroy the object on which it is poured.


A kid'll eat the middle of an Oreo, eventually.


Who needs friends when you can sit alone in your room and drink?


Let a Field Service Engineer put it in.


O'Brien held up his left hand, its back toward Winston, with the
thumb hidden and the four fingers extended.
	"How many fingers am I holding up, Winston?"
	"Four."
	"And if the Party says that it is not four but five --
		then how many?"
	"Four."
	The word ended in a gasp of pain.
		-- George Orwell


Q:	What's the Blonde's cheer?
A:	I'm blonde, I'm blonde, I'm B.L.O.N... ah, oh well..
	I'm blonde, I'm blonde, yea yea yea...

Q:	What do you call it when a blonde dies their hair brunette?
A:	Artificial intelligence.

Q:	How do you make a blonde's eyes light up?
A:	Shine a flashlight in their ear.


Q:	Why do people who live near Niagara Falls have flat foreheads?
A:	Because every morning they wake up thinking "What *is* that noise?
	Oh, right, *of course*!


FORTUNE'S GUIDE TO DEALING WITH REAL-LIFE SCIENCE FICTION: #14
What to do...
    if reality disappears?
	Hope this one doesn't happen to you.  There isn't much that you
	can do about it.  It will probably be quite unpleasant.

    if you meet an older version of yourself who has invented a time
    traveling machine, and has come from the future to meet you?
	Play this one by the book.  Ask about the stock market and cash in.
	Don't forget to invent a time traveling machine and visit your
	younger self before you die, or you will create a paradox.  If you
	expect this to be tricky, make sure to ask for the principles
	behind time travel, and possibly schematics.  Never, NEVER, ask
	when you'll die, or if you'll marry your current SO.


Alimony is like buying oats for a dead horse.
		-- Arthur Baer


Do nothing unless you must, and when you must act -- hesitate.


Democracy can only be measured on the existence of an opposition.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


One evening a guru had coitus
With an actress, a whore and a poetess.
	When asked what position
	He used for coition,
He answered serenely, "the lotus."


When alerted to an intrusion by tinkling glass or otherwise, 1) Calm
yourself 2) Identify the intruder 3) If hostile, kill him.

Step number 3 is of particular importance.  If you leave the guy alive
out of misguided softheartedness, he will repay your generosity of spirit
by suing you for causing his subsequent paraplegia and seek to force you
to support him for the rest of his rotten life.  In court he will plead
that he was depressed because society had failed him, and that he was
looking for Mother Teresa for comfort and to offer his services to the
poor.  In that lawsuit, you will lose.  If, on the other hand, you kill
him, the most that you can expect is that a relative will bring a wrongful
death action. You will have two advantages: first, there be only your
story; forget Mother Teresa.  Second, even if you lose, how much could
the bum's life be worth anyway?  A lot less than 50 years worth of
paralysis.  Don't play George Bush and Saddam Hussein.  Finish the job.
		-- G. Gordon Liddy's Forbes column on personal security


Our vision is to speed up time, eventually eliminating it.
		-- Alex Schure


With clothes the new are best, with friends the old are best.


You are always doing something marginal when the boss drops by your desk.


The thought of being President frightens me and I do not think I
want the job.
		-- Ronald Reagan in 1973

Reagan won because he ran against Jimmy Carter.  Had he run unopposed he
would have lost.
		-- Mort Sahl

Ronald Reagan is a triumph of the embalmer's art.
		-- Gore Vidal

Ronald Reagan's platform seems to be: Hey, I'm a big good-looking guy and
I need a lot of sleep.
		-- Roy G. Blount, Jr.

You've got to be careful quoting Ronald Reagan, because when you quote him
accurately it's called mudslinging.
		-- Walter Mondale


University politics are vicious precisely because the stakes are so small.
		-- Henry Kissinger


Resisting temptation is easier when you
think you'll probably get another chance later on.


*** NEWS FLASH ***

Archaeologists find PDP-11/24 inside brain cavity of fossilized dinosaur
skeleton!  Many Digital users fear that RSX-11M may be even more primitive
than DEC admits.  Price adjustments at 11:00.


The little old lady rushed into the taxidermist and unwrapped a package
containing two recently deceased monkeys.  Her instructions to the proprietor
were delivered in a welter of tears.
	"Favorite pets... (blubber,sob)... caught cold... (moan)...  Don't
see how I'll live without them... (weep,sob)... want to have them stuffed...
(blubber,blubber)!"
	"Of course, madam," said the proprietor in an understanding voice,
"and would you care to have them mounted?"
	"Oh, no," she sobbed, "shaking hands.  They were just close friends."


When I was a boy I was told that anyone could become President.
Now I'm beginning to believe it.
		-- Clarence Darrow


There are two problems with a major hangover.  You feel
like you are going to die and you're afraid that you won't.


Don't plan any hasty moves.
You'll be evicted soon anyway.


She Ain't Much to See, but She Looks Good Through the Bottom of a Glass
If Fingerprints Showed Up On Skin, I Wonder Who's I'd Find On You
I'm Ashamed to be Here, but Not Ashamed Enough to Leave
It's Commode Huggin' Time In The Valley
If You Want to Keep the Beer Real Cold, Put It Next to My Ex-wife's Heart
If You Get the Feeling That I Don't Love You, Feel Again
It's the Bottle Against the Bible in the Battle For Daddy's Soul
My Wife Ran Off With My Best Friend, And I Sure Miss Him
Don't Cut Any More Wood, Baby, 'Cause I'll Be Comin' Home With A Load
I Loved Her Face, But I Left Her Behind For You
		-- proposed Country-Western song titles


An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself.
		-- Albert Camus


I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.
I want to achieve immortality through not dying.
		-- Woody Allen


One meets his destiny often on the road he takes to avoid it.


Politics is not the art of the possible.  It consists in choosing
between the disastrous and the unpalatable.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


Its failings notwithstanding, there is much to be said in favor of journalism
in that by giving us the opinion of the uneducated, it keeps us in touch with
the ignorance of the community.
		-- Oscar Wilde


What scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch?
		-- J. D. Farley


One, with God, is always a majority, but many a martyr has been burned at
the stake while the votes were being counted.
		-- Thomas B. Reed


When one knows women one pities men,
but when one studies men, one excuses women.
		-- Horne Tooke


Those who do not do politics will be done in by politics.
		-- French Proverb


A woman occasionally is quite a serviceable substitute for masturbation.
It takes an abundance of imagination, to be sure.
		-- Karl Kraus, "Die Fackel"


sillema sillema nika su
[translation: look it up...hint-fin]


Handshaking protocol, n.:
	A process employed by hostile hardware devices to initiate a
	terse but civil dialogue, which, in turn, is characterized by
	occasional misunderstanding, sulking, and name-calling.


UNION:
	A dues-paying club workers wield to strike management.


	There was a mad scientist (a mad... social... scientist) who kidnapped
three colleagues, an engineer, a physicist, and a mathematician, and locked
each of them in separate cells with plenty of canned food and water but no
can opener.
	A month later, returning, the mad scientist went to the engineer's
cell and found it long empty.  The engineer had constructed a can opener from
pocket trash, used aluminum shavings and dried sugar to make an explosive,
and escaped.
	The physicist had worked out the angle necessary to knock the lids
off the tin cans by throwing them against the wall.  She was developing a good
pitching arm and a new quantum theory.
	The mathematician had stacked the unopened cans into a surprising
solution to the kissing problem; his desiccated corpse was propped calmly
against a wall, and this was inscribed on the floor:
	Theorem: If I can't open these cans, I'll die.
	Proof: assume the opposite...


Death is life's way of telling you you've been fired.
		-- R. Geis


All wars are civil wars, because all men are brothers ... Each one owes
infinitely more to the human race than to the particular country in
which he was born.
		-- Francois Fenelon


You may worry about your hair-do today, but tomorrow much peanut butter will
be sold.


It's hard to outrun dead people because they don't have to breathe.
		-- Hokey, describing "Night of the Living Dead"


2180, U.S. History question:
	What 20th Century U.S. President was almost impeached and what
office did he later hold?


An interpretation I satisfies a sentence in the table language if and only if
each entry in the table designates the value of the function designated by the
function constant in the upper-left corner applied to the objects designated
by the corresponding row and column labels.
		-- Genesereth & Nilsson,
		   "Logical foundations of Artificial Intelligence"


The brotherhood of man is not a mere poet's dream; it is a most depressing
and humiliating reality.
		-- Oscar Wilde


You can have a dog as a friend.  You can have whiskey as a friend.  But
if you have a woman as a friend, you're going to wind up drunk and kissing
your dog.
		-- foolin' around


Mike:	"The Fourth Dimension is a shambles?"
Bernie:	"Nobody ever empties the ashtrays.  People are SO
	inconsiderate."
		-- Gary Trudeau, "Doonesbury"


Dieters live life in the fasting lane.


If value corrupts then absolute value corrupts absolutely.


Conscience is a mother-in-law whose visit never ends.
		-- H. L. Mencken


History is on our side (as long as we can control the historians).


Life is too short to be taken seriously.
		-- Oscar Wilde


The day advanced as if to light some work of mine; it was morning,
and lo! now it is evening, and nothing memorable is accomplished.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


Why is the alphabet in that order?  Is it because of that song?
		-- Steven Wright


Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes.
		-- Dr. Warren Jackson, Director, UTCS


Too often I find that the volume of paper expands to fill the available
briefcases.
		-- Governor Jerry Brown


