Eli and Bessie went to sleep.
In the middle of the night, Bessie nudged Eli.
	"Please be so kindly and close the window.  It's cold outside!"
Half asleep, Eli murmured,
	"Nu ... so if I'll close the window, will it be warm outside?"


Many are called, few volunteer.


You two ought to be more careful--
your love could drag on for years and years.


If the colleges were better, if they really had it, you would need to get
the police at the gates to keep order in the inrushing multitude.  See in
college how we thwart the natural love of learning by leaving the natural
method of teaching what each wishes to learn, and insisting that you shall
learn what you have no taste or capacity for.  The college, which should
be a place of delightful labor, is made odious and unhealthy, and the
young men are tempted to frivolous amusements to rally their jaded spirits.
I would have the studies elective.  Scholarship is to be created not
by compulsion, but by awakening a pure interest in knowledge.  The wise
instructor accomplishes this by opening to his pupils precisely the
attractions the study has for himself.  The marking is a system for schools,
not for the college; for boys, not for men; and it is an ungracious work to
put on a professor.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


They are cold-blooded. They are completely ruthless about protecting
what they have. The only thing they connect to is the money aspect of
life.  Let's face it: That's the American way.
		-- Jeffrey M. Johnson, regional chairman of the District
		   of Columbia United Way, speaking of drug dealers.


If you are afraid of loneliness, don't marry.
		-- Anton Chekov


	Fred noticed his roommate had a black eye upon returning from a dance.
"What happened?"
	"I was struck by the beauty of the place."


If Jesus Christ came to this town, people would say, great guy; terrible
carpenter.
		-- Gene Kirkwood, on Hollywood


Said a lecherous fellow named Shea,
When his prick wouldn't rise for a lay,
	"You must seize it, and squeeze it,
	And tease it, and please it,
For Rome wasn't built in a day."


Far duller than a serpent's tooth it is to spend a quiet youth.


Why do they call it baby-SITTING when all you do is run after them?


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(4) Peace does not mean the absence of war.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


They use different words for things in America.
For instance they say elevator and we say lift.
They say drapes and we say curtains.
They say president and we say brain damaged git.
		-- Alexie Sayle


It has long been noticed that juries are pitiless for robbery and full of
indulgence for infanticide.  A question of interest, my dear Sir!  The jury
is afraid of being robbed and has passed the age when it could be a victim
of infanticide.
		-- Edmond About


When in doubt, follow your heart.


	When you see someone across the room and suddenly know for a fact
that he's the most wonderful man on earth, you've got instant lust on your
hands.  Something about the way his tie is knotted is infinitely intriguing
to you, and the swell of his bicep causes inner turmoil.  This is a happy
but fleeting state of affairs.  Usually your feelings die about thirty
seconds after you get up the courage to ask him for the time, since almost
invariably he can't speak English, and if he can, he always says, "Why,
sure, little lady, it's eleven-thirty.  Wanna get high?
	Don't bother thinking that instant lust will turn into the real thing.
It may, but then you may also wake up one morning to find you're the Queen of
Romania.
		-- Cynthia Hemiel, "Sex Tips for Girls"


	Penn's aunts made great apple pies at low prices.  No one else in
town could compete with the pie rates of Penn's aunts.
	During the American Revolution, a Britisher tried to raid a farm.  He
stumbled across a rock on the ground and fell, whereupon an aggressive Rhode
Island Red hopped on top.  Seeing this, the farmer commented, "Chicken catch
a Tory!"
	A wife started serving chopped meat, Monday hamburger, Tuesday meat
loaf, Wednesday tartar steak, and Thursday meatballs.  On Friday morning her
husband snarled, "How now, ground cow?"
	A journalist, thrilled over his dinner, asked the chef for the recipe.
Retorted the chef, "Sorry, we have the same policy as you journalists, we
never reveal our sauce."
	A new chef from India was fired a week after starting the job.  He
kept favoring curry.
	A couple of kids tried using pickles instead of paddles for a Ping-Pong
game.  They had the volley of the Dills.


A people living under the perpetual menace of war and invasion is very easy to
govern.  It demands no social reforms.  It does not haggle over expenditures
on armaments and military equipment.  It pays without discussion, it ruins
itself, and that is an excellent thing for the syndicates of financiers and
manufacturers for whom patriotic terrors are an abundant source of gain.
		-- Anatole France


	Two women were walking down the street, when one nudges the other
and says, "There's my husband coming out of the florist's with a dozen
roses, damn it.  That means I'll have to keep my legs up in the air for
three days."
	Replies her friend, "Well, why don't you buy a vase?"



Boling's postulate:
	If you're feeling good, don't worry.  You'll get over it.


FreeBSD: putting the horse before the cart since 1992.
		-- Warner Losh


HOST SYSTEM NOT RESPONDING, PROBABLY DOWN. DO YOU WANT TO WAIT? (Y/N)


Old age is too high a price to pay for maturity.


Fain would I climb, yet fear I to fall.
		-- Sir Walter Raleigh


Mad, adj.:
	Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Blackout, heatwave, .44 caliber homicide,
The bums drop dead and the dogs go mad in packs on the West Side,
A young girl standing on a ledge, looks like another suicide,
She wants to hit those bricks,
	'cause the news at six got to stick to a deadline,
While the millionaires hide in Beekman place,
The bag ladies throw their bones in my face,
I get attacked by a kid with stereo sound,
I don't want to hear it but he won't turn it down...
		-- Billy Joel, "Glass Houses"


Worst Month of the Year:
	February.  February has only 28 days in it, which means that if
	you rent an apartment, you are paying for three full days you
	don't get.  Try to avoid Februarys whenever possible.
		-- Steve Rubenstein


No doubt Jack the Ripper excused himself
on the grounds that it was human nature.


Two nuns, a mother superior and a new nun, are walking home one night from
church when they are attacked by two vicious rapists.  The two men drag the
nuns off into the bushes and proceed to have their way with them.  The mother
superior is very afraid, but she knows that God will protect her.  To show her
strength and trust in God she yells out "Forgive him Father, for he knows not
what he does!"
	To which the young nun replies "Oooooh, mine does!!"


Blessed are the forgetful:  for they
get the better even of their blunders.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


This door is baroquen, please wiggle Handel.
(If I wiggle Handel, will it wiggle Bach?)
		-- Found on a door in the MSU music building


Conformity is the refuge of the unimaginative.


Enzymes are things invented by biologists
that explain things which otherwise require harder thinking.
		-- Jerome Lettvin


Just because your doctor has a name for your
condition doesn't mean he knows what it is.


Be valiant, but not too venturous.
Let thy attire be comely, but not costly.
		-- John Lyly


A friend is a present you give yourself.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson


There once was a man named Eugene
Who invented a screwing machine
	Concave and convex
	It served either sex
And it played with itself in between.


Men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it
from religious conviction.
		-- Blaise Pascal, "Pens'ees", 1670


QOTD:
	"I looked out my window, and saw Kyle Pettys' car upside down,
	then I thought `One of us is in real trouble.'"
		-- Davey Allison, on a 150 m.p.h. crash


The tree of research must from time to time
be refreshed with the blood of bean counters.
		-- Alan Kay


All I know is what the words know, and dead things, and that
makes a handsome little sum, with a beginning and a middle and
an end, as in the well-built phrase and the long sonata of the dead.
		-- Samuel Beckett


That's where the money was.
		-- Willie Sutton, on being asked why he robbed a bank

It's a rather pleasant experience to be alone in a bank at night.
		-- Willie Sutton


Do you realize the responsibility I carry?  I'm the only person standing
between Nixon and the White House.
		-- John F. Kennedy, in 1960


George's friend Sam had a dog who could recite the Gettysburg Address.  "Let
me buy him from you," pleaded George after a demonstration.
	"Okay," agreed Sam.  "All he knows is that Lincoln speech anyway."
	At his company's Fourth of July picnic, George brought his new pet
and announced that the animal could recite the entire Gettysburg Address.
No one believed him, and they proceeded to place bets against the dog.
George quieted the crowd and said, "Now we'll begin!"  Then he looked at
the dog.  The dog looked back.  No sound.  "Come on, boy, do your stuff."
Nothing.  A disappointed George took his dog and went home.
	"Why did you embarrass me like that in front of everybody?" George
yelled at the dog.  "Do you realize how much money you lost me?"
	"Don't be silly, George," replied the dog.  "Think of the odds we're
gonna get on Labor Day."


Your wig steers the gig.
		-- Lord Buckley


NOTICE:
	Anyone seen smoking will be assumed to be on fire and will
	be summarily put out.


Despite all appearances, your boss
is a thinking, feeling, human being.


The final delusion is the belief that one has lost all delusions.
		-- Maurice Chapelain, "Main courante"


To be a kind of moral Unix, he touched the hem of Nature's shift.
		-- Shelley


Ankh if you love Isis.


If scientific reasoning were limited to the logical processes of
arithmetic, we should not get very far in our understanding of the physical
world.  One might as well attempt to grasp the game of poker entirely by
the use of the mathematics of probability.
		-- Vannevar Bush


Pelorat sighed.
	"I will never understand people."
	"There's nothing to it.  All you have to do is take a close look
at yourself and you will understand everyone else.  How would Seldon have
worked out his Plan -- and I don't care how subtle his mathematics was --
if he didn't understand people; and how could he have done that if people
weren't easy to understand?  You show me someone who can't understand
people and I'll show you someone who has built up a false image of himself
-- no offense intended."
		-- Isaac Asimov, "Foundation's Edge"


Hedonist for hire... no job too easy!


An old man is lying on his deathbed with all his children, grandchildren and
great-grandchildren gathered around, teary-eyed at the approaching finale of
a deeply loved family member.  The old man is in a light coma, and the doctors
have confirmed that the waiting will be over within the next twenty-four
hours.  Suddenly, the old man opens his eyes whispers: "I must be dreaming
of heaven...  I smell my daughter Lisle's strudel."
	"No, no, grandfather, you are not dreaming", he is reassured.
"Grandmother is baking strudel right now."
	A faint smile crosses the old man's face.  "Go and get me a sliver of
strudel," he says, "she bakes the finest strudel in the world."
	One of the grandchildren is immediately dispatched to honor the old
man's request, and, after what seems a long time, he returns empty-handed.
	"Did you bring me some of Lisle's strudel?", the old man quavers.
	"I'm... I'm very sorry, grandfather, but she says it's for the
funeral."


YOUR FOAMY FUTURE
	by Miss Fortune

ARIES (March 21 - April 19)
	Matters are not good, where your health is concerned.  This Fall, be
sure to "walk groundly, talk profoundly, drink roundly, and sleep soundly"
and you will live all the days of your life.

TAURUS (April 20 - May 20)
	You spent a fortune on beer this past summer and now find yourself
in a deep depression because you can't afford even one of your favorite
brewskis.  Don't fret too much, Taurus.  To get back on your feet simply
miss two car payments.

GEMINI (May 21 - June 21)
	You think you're falling in love with a person who has a lot in
common with yourself.  You both prefer ales, you've both tried your hand
at homebrewing, and you both want to visit every new brewpub that opens.
Sounds impressive but remember you really don't know your partner until
you meet in court.


Your lucky color has faded.


	If you do your best the rest of the way, that takes care of
everything. When we get to October 2, we'll add up the wins, and then
we'll either all go into the playoffs, or we'll all go home and play golf.
	Both those things sound pretty good to me.
		-- Sparky Anderson


Everything you've learned in school as "obvious" becomes less and less
obvious as you begin to study the universe.  For example, there are no
solids in the universe.  There's not even a suggestion of a solid.
There are no absolute continuums.  There are no surfaces.  There are no
straight lines.
		-- R. Buckminster Fuller


When a lion meets another with a louder roar,
the first lion thinks the last a bore.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


When I get real bored, I like to drive downtown and get a great parking spot,
then sit in my car and count how many people ask me if I'm leaving.
		-- Steven Wright


THIS IS PLEDGE WEEK FOR THE FORTUNE PROGRAM

If you like the fortune program, why not support it now with your
contribution of a pithy fortune, clean or obscene?  We cannot continue
without your support.  Less than 14% of all fortune users are
contributors.  That means that 86% of you are getting a free ride.  We
can't go on like this much longer.  Federal cutbacks mean less money
for fortunes, and unless user contributions increase to make up the
difference, the fortune program will have to shut down between midnight
and 8 a.m.  Don't let this happen.  Mail your fortunes right now to
"fortune".  Just type in your favorite pithy saying.  Do it now before
you forget.  Our target is 300 new fortunes by the end of the week.
Don't miss out.  All fortunes will be acknowledged.  If you contribute
30 fortunes or more, you will receive a free subscription to "The
Fortune Hunter", our monthly program guide.  If you contribute 50 or
more, you will receive a free "Fortune Hunter" coffee mug ...


To stay young requires unceasing cultivation
of the ability to unlearn old falsehoods.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough For Love"


Prejudice, n.:
	A vagrant opinion without visible means of support.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Don't get mad, get even.
		-- Joseph P. Kennedy

Don't get even, get jewelry.
		-- Anonymous


Machine-Independent, adj.:
	Does not run on any existing machine.


A language that doesn't affect the way you
think about programming is not worth knowing.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


You'd best be snoozin', 'cause you don't
be gettin' no work done at 5 a.m. anyway.
		-- From the wall of the Wurster Hall stairwell


There's many a slurp t'wixt the tip and the zip.


Neutrinos are into physicists.


An American walks into an Irish pub around lunchtime, and finds the place
is completely filled and there are no chairs available, with the exception
of one -- seating a Chihuahua next to a woman.  He very politely asks her
if she would mind placing her dog on the floor for a few minutes while he
got a quick bite to eat.
	"I most certainly would!", the woman haughtily replies.  "Little
Fifi *always* sits next to me at lunchtime and there she will stay!"
	Whereupon, the American picks up the Chihuahua, throws it out of
an open window and takes the seat.
	An Irishman, watching the whole encounter, walks over, taps the
American on the shoulder and says, "Mate, I guess I never will understand
you Americans.  You drink your beer cold, drive on the right side of the
street, and you just threw the wrong bitch out the window!"


Canada Post doesn't really charge 32 cents for a stamp.
It's 2 cents for postage and 30 cents for storage.
		-- Gerald Regan, Cabinet Minister, 12/31/83 Financial Post


If all else fails, lower your standards.


A distraught patient phoned her doctor's office.  "Was it true," the woman
inquired, "that the medication the doctor had prescribed was for the rest
of her life?"
	She was told that it was.  There was just a moment of silence before
the woman proceeded bravely on.  "Well, I'm wondering, then, how serious my
condition is.  This prescription is marked `NO REFILLS'".


Cheops' Law:
	Nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget.


Is sex dirty?  Only if it's done right.
		-- Woody Allen, "All You Ever Wanted To Know About Sex"


It does not do to leave a live dragon out of your calculations.


Natural laws have no pity.


	"I think he said 'Blessed are the cheesemakers.'"
	"Nonsense, he was obviously referring to all manufacturers of
dairy products."
		-- The Life of Brian


It's very glamorous to raise millions of dollars, until it's time for the
venture capitalist to suck your eyeballs out.
		-- Peter Kennedy, chairman of Kraft & Kennedy


Q:	What's the difference between VMS and PMS?

A1:	PMS is only a problem for some people.
A2:	PMS is only a problem for part of the month.
A3:	The drugstore has remedies for PMS.
A4:	People with PMS get sympathy.
A5:	People with PMS don't wish they were UNIX.


If this is timesharing, give me my share right now.
It's not time yet.


Q:	How many IBM types does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Fifteen.  One to do it, and fourteen to write document number
	GC7500439-0001, Multitasking Incandescent Source System Facility,
	of which 10% of the pages state only "This page intentionally
	left blank", and 20% of the definitions are of the form "A:.....
	consists of sequences of non-blank characters separated by blanks".


My father was a creole, his father a Negro, and his father a monkey; my
family, it seems, begins where yours left off.
		-- Alexandre Dumas, pere


It is much harder to find a job than to keep one.


Q:	Why do women love Pacman?
A:	Only place you can get eaten three times for a quarter.


Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense.


Politics and the fate of mankind are formed by men without ideals and
without greatness. Those who have greatness within them do not go in
for politics.
		-- Albert Camus


The sooner all the animals are dead, the sooner we'll find their money.
		-- Ed Bluestone, "The National Lampoon"


A proctologist is a doctor who puts in a hard day at the orifice.


Basic is a high level languish.
APL is a high level anguish.


But in our enthusiasm, we could not resist a radical overhaul of the
system, in which all of its major weaknesses have been exposed,
analyzed, and replaced with new weaknesses.
		-- Bruce Leverett,
		   "Register Allocation in Optimizing Compilers"


It's business doing pleasure with you.


I do not care if half the league strikes.  Those who do will encounter
quick retribution.  All will be suspended, and I don't care if it wrecks
the National League for five years.  This is the United States of America
and one citizen has as much right to play as another.
		-- Ford Frick, National League President, reacting to a
		   threatened strike by some Cardinal players in 1947 if
		   Jackie Robinson took the field against St. Louis.  The
		   Cardinals backed down and played.


There is a time in the tides of men,
Which, taken at its flood, leads on to success.
On the other hand, don't count on it.
		-- T. K. Lawson


Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they AREN'T after you.


Love comes in spurts.
		-- Devo, "Please Please"


1 Billion dollars of budget deficit		= 1 Gramm-Rudman
6.023 x 10 to the 23rd power alligator pears	= Avocado's number
2 pints						= 1 Cavort
Basic unit of Laryngitis			= The Hoarsepower
Shortest distance between two jokes		= A straight line
6 Curses					= 1 Hexahex
3500 Calories					= 1 Food Pound
1 Mole						= 007 Secret Agents
1 Mole						= 25 Cagey Bees
1 Dog Pound					= 16 oz. of Alpo
1000 beers served at a Twins game		= 1 Killibrew
2.4 statute miles of surgical tubing at Yale U. = 1 I.V.League
2000 pounds of Chinese soup			= 1 Won Ton
10 to the minus 6th power mouthwashes		= 1 Microscope
Speed of a tortoise breaking the sound barrier	= 1 Machturtle
8 Catfish					= 1 Octo-puss
365 Days of drinking Lo-Cal beer.		= 1 Lite-year
16.5 feet in the Twilight Zone			= 1 Rod Serling
Force needed to accelerate 2.2lbs of cookies	= 1 Fig-newton
	to 1 meter per second
One half large intestine			= 1 Semicolon
10 to the minus 6th power Movie			= 1 Microfilm
1000 pains					= 1 Megahertz
1 Word						= 1 Millipicture
1 Sagan						= Billions & Billions
1 Angstrom: measure of computer anxiety		= 1000 nail-bytes
10 to the 12th power microphones		= 1 Megaphone
10 to the 6th power Bicycles			= 2 megacycles
The amount of beauty required launch 1 ship	= 1 Millihelen


BASIC, n.:
	A programming language.  Related to certain social diseases in
	that those who have it will not admit it in polite company.


You're not my type.  For that matter, you're not even my species!!!


The Linimon's Rule About PRs: The More You Close, The More Will Come


