Thus spake the master programmer:
	"Time for you to leave."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


	"Are you police officers?"
	"No, ma'am.  We're musicians."
		-- The Blues Brothers


Television has brought back murder into the home -- where it belongs.
		-- Alfred Hitchcock


It's only by NOT taking the human race seriously that I retain
what fragments of my once considerable mental powers I still possess.
		-- Roger Noe


The warden of the De Luxington preparatory school for boys was holding a
hearing.  The lad before his desk, a very popular young fellow, was angrily
accusing one of his schoolmates of having assaulted him sexually.
	"I must warn you, m'boy, this is a very serious charge, the warden
said.
	"I don't care.  I tell you it is true.  He raped me, warden."  The
youth pointed to another, somewhat larger boy smirking in the corner.
"That's him, sir, the one who forced me to do all those crimes against
nature.  The bully!"
	"Now tell me, son, as closely as you can, when this happened."
	"Sir, two weeks ago on Wednesday at 4:00, then at 7:00 that same
evening, on Friday, twice on Saturday, two times on Monday, once on
Wednesday, and then he met that bitch Roy and he hasn't touched me since."


What we need in this country, instead of Daylight Savings Time, which
nobody really understands anyway, is a new concept called Weekday
Morning Time, whereby at 7 a.m. every weekday we go into a space-
launch-style "hold" for two to three hours, during which it just
remains 7 a.m.  This way we could all wake up via a civilized gradual
process of stretching and belching and scratching, and it would still
be only 7 a.m. when we were ready to actually emerge from bed.
		-- Dave Barry, "$#$%#^%!^%&@%@!"


Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral?
It is because we are not the person involved.
		-- Mark Twain


Me, I love the rich.  *Somebody* has to love them.  Sure, a lot
of rich people are assholes, but believe me, a lot of poor people
are assholes too.  And an asshole with money can at least pay
for his own drinks.
		-- Tom Robbins, "Jitterbug Perfume"


Oh, I could while away the hours,
Smoking herbs and flowers,
Shooting up my veins,
	De-dum, De-dum, De-dum
Tell you, I've been a-thinkin'
I could drive a shiny Lincoln,
If I dealt in good cocaine.
		-- To "If I Only Had A Brain" from "The Wizard of Oz"


Did you know that for the price of a 280-Z you can buy two Z-80's?
		-- P. J. Plauger


"Creation science" has not entered the curriculum for a reason so simple
and so basic that we often forget to mention it: because it is false, and
because good teachers understand exactly why it is false.  What could be
more destructive of that most fragile yet most precious commodity in our
entire intellectual heritage -- good teaching -- than a bill forcing
honorable teachers to sully their sacred trust by granting equal treatment
to a doctrine not only known to be false, but calculated to undermine any
general understanding of science as an enterprise?
		-- Stephen Jay Gould, "The Skeptical Inquirer"


Disbar, n.:
	As distinguished from some other bar.


To make an enemy, do someone a favor.


Passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life.
		-- Eric Hoffer


Well, you got your mules and you got your racehorses, and you can kick
a mule in the ass all you want, and he's still not gonna be a racehorse.
		-- Billy Martin, "Esquire", May, 1984


The difference between America and England is, the English think 100
miles is a long distance and the Americans think 100 years is a long time.


Beat your son every day; you may not know why, but he will.


Questions are never indiscreet, answers sometimes are.
		-- Oscar Wilde


QOTD:
	"Dead people are good at running because they don't
	have to stop and breathe."
		-- Hokey, watching "Night of the Living Dead"


Ignisecond, n.:
	The overlapping moment of time when the hand is locking the car
	door even as the brain is saying, "my keys are in there!"
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


QUOTE OF THE DAY:

	`



Work Rule: Leave of Absence (for an Operation):
	We are no longer allowing this practice.  We wish to discourage
any thoughts that you may not need all of whatever you have, and you
should not consider having anything removed.  We hired you as you are,
and to have anything removed would certainly make you less than we
bargained for.


The intelligence of any discussion diminishes with the square of the
number of participants.
		-- Adam Walinsky


To a Real Woman, every ejaculation is premature.


Never miss a good chance to shut up.


Excellent time to become a missing person.


This will be a memorable month -- no matter how hard you try to forget it.


MSDOS is not dead, it just smells that way.
		-- Henry Spencer


Only that in you which is me can hear what I'm saying.
		-- Baba Ram Dass


Think twice before speaking, but don't say "think think click click".


If God is One, what is bad?
		-- Charles Manson


What I've done, of course, is total garbage.
		-- R. Willard, Pure Math 430a


That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love,
that no one could have loved so before us, and that no one will love
in the same way as us.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Things will be bright in P.M.
A cop will shine a light in your face.


Charity, n.:
	A thing that begins at home and usually stays there.


The Official MBA Handbook on doing company business on an airplane:

	Do not work openly on top-secret company cost documents unless
	you have previously ascertained that the passenger next to you
	is blind, a rock musician on mood-ameliorating drugs, or the
	unfortunate possessor of a forty-seventh chromosome.


Here is the problem: for many years, the Supreme Court wrestled with
the issue of pornography, until finally Associate Justice John Paul
Stevens came up with the famous quotation about how he couldn't define
pornography, but he knew it when he saw it.  So for a while, the
court's policy was to have all the suspected pornography trucked to
Justice Stevens' house, where he would look it over.  "Nope, this isn't
it," he'd say.  "Bring some more."  This went on until one morning when
his housekeeper found him trapped in the recreation room under an
enormous mound of rubberized implements, and the court had to issue a
ruling stating that it didn't know what the hell pornography was except
that it was illegal and everybody should stop badgering the court about
it because the court was going to take a nap.
		-- Dave Barry, "Pornography"


The State of California has no business subsidizing intellectual
curiosity.
		-- Ronald Reagan


... Our second completely true news item was sent to me by Mr. H. Boyce
Connell, Jr. of Atlanta, Ga., where he is involved in a law firm.  One
thing I like about the South is, folks there care about tradition.  If
somebody gets handed a name like "H. Boyce," he hangs on to it, puts it
on his legal stationery, even passes it to his son, rather than do what
a lesser person would do, such as get it changed or kill himself.
		-- Dave Barry, "This Column is Nothing but the Truth!"


Who cares if it doesn't do anything?  It was made with
our new Triple-Iso-Bifurcated-Krypton-Gate-MOS process...


It isn't whether you win or lose, it's how much money you end up with.
		-- Jack T. Shakespeare


	"Verily and forsooth," replied Goodgulf darkly.  "In the past year
strange and fearful wonders I have seen.  Fields sown with barley reap
crabgrass and fungus, and even small gardens reject their artichoke hearts.
There has been a hot day in December and a blue moon.  Calendars are made with
a month of Sundays and a blue-ribbon Holstein bore alive two insurance
salesmen.  The earth splits and the entrails of a goat were found tied in
square knots.  The face of the sun blackens and the skies have rained down
soggy potato chips."
	"But what do all these things mean?" gasped Frito.
	"Beats me," said Goodgulf with a shrug,
"but I thought it made good copy."
		-- Harvard Lampoon, "Bored of the Rings"


The more you complain, the longer God lets you live.


I myself have dreamed up a structure intermediate between Dyson spheres
and planets.  Build a ring 93 million miles in radius -- one Earth orbit
-- around the sun.  If we have the mass of Jupiter to work with, and if
we make it a thousand miles wide, we get a thickness of about a thousand
feet for the base.

And it has advantages.  The Ringworld will be much sturdier than a Dyson
sphere.  We can spin it on its axis for gravity.  A rotation speed of 770
m/s will give us a gravity of one Earth normal.  We wouldn't even need to
roof it over.  Place walls one thousand miles high at each edge, facing the
sun.  Very little air will leak over the edges.

Lord knows the thing is roomy enough.  With three million times the surface
area of the Earth, it will be some time before anyone complains of the
crowding.
		-- Larry Niven, "Ringworld"


Verba volant, scripta manent!


True to our past we work with an inherited, observed, and accepted vision of
personal futility, and of the beauty of the world.
		-- David Mamet


QOTD:
	"Of course there's no reason for it, it's just our policy."


The Pope is working on a crossword puzzle one Sunday afternoon.  He stops
for a moment, scratches his forehead, then asks a Cardinal, "Can you think
of a four-letter word for `woman' that ends in `u-n-t'?"
	"Aunt," replies the Cardinal.
	"Say, thanks," says the Pope.  "You got an eraser?"


Once upon a girl there was a time...


	Several students were asked to prove that all odd integers are prime.
	The first student to try to do this was a math student.  "Hmmm...
Well, 1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, and by induction, we have that all
the odd integers are prime."
	The second student to try was a man of physics who commented, "I'm not
sure of the validity of your proof, but I think I'll try to prove it by
experiment."  He continues, "Well, 1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, 7 is
prime, 9 is...  uh, 9 is... uh, 9 is an experimental error, 11 is prime, 13
is prime...  Well, it seems that you're right."
	The third student to try it was the engineering student, who responded,
"Well, to be honest, actually, I'm not sure of your answer either.  Let's
see...  1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, 7 is prime, 9 is... uh, 9 is...
well, if you approximate, 9 is prime, 11 is prime, 13 is prime...  Well, it
does seem right."
	Not to be outdone, the computer science student comes along and says
"Well, you two sort've got the right idea, but you'll end up taking too long!
I've just whipped up a program to REALLY go and prove it."  He goes over to
his terminal and runs his program.  Reading the output on the screen he says,
"1 is prime, 1 is prime, 1 is prime, 1 is prime..."


A method of solution is perfect if we can foresee from the start,
and even prove, that following that method we shall attain our aim.
		-- Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz


Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be President, but they
don't want them to become politicians in the process.
		-- John F. Kennedy


Whoever tells a lie cannot be pure in heart -- and only the
pure in heart can make a good soup.
		-- Ludwig van Beethoven


In a museum in Havana, there are two skulls of Christopher Columbus,
"one when he was a boy and one when he was a man."
		-- Mark Twain


Gentlemen do not read each other's mail.
		-- Secretary of State Henry Stimson, on closing down
		   the Black Chamber, the precursor to the National
		   Security Agency.


Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you
want to test a man's character, give him power.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
		-- Helen Keller


The Abrams' Principle:
	The shortest distance between two points is off the wall.


Others can stop you temporarily, only you can do it permanently.


In the olden days in England, you could be hung for stealing a sheep or a
loaf of bread.  However, if a sheep stole a loaf of bread and gave it to
you, you would only be tried for receiving, a crime punishable by forty
lashes with the cat or the dog, whichever was handy.  If you stole a dog
and were caught, you were punished with twelve rabbit punches, although it
was hard to find rabbits big enough or strong enough to punch you.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


The sheep died in the wool.


There are four boxes to be used in defense of liberty: soap, ballot,
jury, and ammo. Please use in that order.
		-- Ed Howdershelt


The most dangerous food is wedding cake.
		-- American proverb


I did not look behind me, 'till I got to St. Omer's & thence fled to America;
here I offer'd to become a Spy for the English Government which was scornfully
rejected; I then turned to Plunder & Libel the Yankees, for which I was fined
5000 Dollars & kicked out of the Country!  I came back to England (after
absconding for Seven years) & set up the Crown & Mitre to establish my Loyalty!
-- accepted from the Doctor L400 to print & disperse a pamphlet against "the
Hellfire of Reform" ... but applied the Money to purchase an estate at Botley,
& left ye Doctor to pay the Paper & Printing!  Being now Lord of the Manor, I
began by sowing the seeds of discontent through Hampshire; I oppressed the
Poor, sent the Aged to Hell, & damned the eyes of my Parish Apprentices before
they were open'd in the morning! ... and being now supported by a Band of
Reformers, I renewed my old favorite Toast of Damnation to the House of
Brunswick! & being exalted by the sale of 10,000 Political Registers every
week, I find myself the greatest Man in the World! except that Idol of all my
Adorations, his Royal and Imperial Majesty, NAPOLEONE!
		-- William Cobbett, British journalist


Let's just say that where a change was required, I adjusted.  In every
relationship that exists, people have to seek a way to survive.  If you
really care about the person, you do what's necessary, or that's the end.
For the first time, I found that I really could change, and the qualities
I most admired in myself I gave up.  I stopped being loud and bossy...
Oh, all right.  I was still loud and bossy, but only behind his back."
		-- Kate Hepburn, on Tracy and Hepburn


If a nation expects to be ignorant and free,
... it expects what never was and never will be.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"When you have learned to snatch the error code from
	the trap frame, it will be time for you to leave."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


	Some 1500 miles west of the Big Apple we find the Minneapple, a
haven of tranquility in troubled times.  It's a good town, a civilized town.
A town where they still know how to get your shirts back by Thursday.  Let
the Big Apple have the feats of "Broadway Joe" Namath.  We have known the
stolid but steady Killebrew.  Listening to Cole Porter over a dry martini
may well suit those unlucky enough never to have heard the Whoopee John Polka
Band and never to have shared a pitcher of 3.2 Grain Belt Beer.  The loss is
theirs.  And the Big Apple has yet to bake the bagel that can match peanut
butter on lefse.  Here is a town where the major urban problem is dutch elm
disease and the number one crime is overtime parking.  We boast more theater
per capita than the Big Apple.  We go to see, not to be seen.  We go even
when we must shovel ten inches of snow from the driveway to get there.  Indeed
the winters are fierce.  But then comes the marvel of the Minneapple summer.
People flock to the city's lakes to frolic and rejoice at the sight of so
much happy humanity free from the bonds of the traditional down-filled parka.
Here's to the Minneapple.  And to its people.  Our flair for style is balanced
by a healthy respect for wind chill factors.
	And we always, always eat our vegetables.
	This is the Minneapple.


Whatever you may be sure of, be sure of this: that you are dreadfully like
other people.
		-- James Russell Lowell, "My Study Windows"


Psychologists think they're experimental psychologists.
Experimental psychologists think they're biologists.
Biologists think they're biochemists.
Biochemists think they're chemists.
Chemists think they're physical chemists.
Physical chemists think they're physicists.
Physicists think they're theoretical physicists.
Theoretical physicists think they're mathematicians.
Mathematicians think they're metamathematicians.
Metamathematicians think they're philosophers.
Philosophers think they're gods.


PLEASE DON'T SMOKE HERE!

Penalty: An early, lingering death from cancer,
	 emphysema, or other smoking-caused ailment.


Sex is good, but not as good as fresh sweet corn.
		-- Garrison Keillor


The honeymoon is over when a quickie before dinner refers to a short drink.


Spagmumps, n.:
	Any of the millions of Styrofoam wads that accompany mail-order
	items.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


The executioner is, I hear, very expert, and my neck is very slender.
		-- Anne Boleyn


So... did you ever wonder, do garbage men take showers before they
go to work?


Two nuns, a mother superior and a new nun, are walking home one night from
church when they are attacked by two vicious rapists.  The two men drag the
nuns off into the bushes and proceed to have their way with them.  The mother
superior is very afraid, but she knows that God will protect her.  To show her
strength and trust in God she yells out "Forgive him Father, for he knows not
what he does!"
	To which the young nun replies "Oooooh, mine does!!"


Simulated fortune:

	The head and in frontal attack on an english writer that the
	character of this point is therefore another method for the
	letters that the time of who ever told the problem for an
	unexpected.

		-- by Claude E. Shannon


To jaw-jaw is better than to war-war.
		-- Winston Churchill, on Korean War negotiations


Old programmers never die, they just branch to a new address.


VMS version 2.0 ==>


The executioner is, I hear, very expert, and my neck is very slender.
		-- Anne Boleyn


This guy was screwing his neighbors wife when a car pulls into the drive.
"My husband!" she screams.  He panics and jumps out the window. He finds
himself on the street, naked, under cloudy skies. There is no place to hide
except in a crowd of joggers.  As he runs along, a woman looks over and says,
	"Do you always jog in the nude?"
	"Yes ma'am!" he replies.
	"Does it always result in that kind of sexual excitement?" she asks.
	"Yes ma'am!" he replies.
	"Do you always wear a condom?"
	"Only when it rains, lady.  Only when it rains."


Logic is a little bird, sitting in a tree; that smells *_a_w_f_u_l*.


	Lassie looked brilliant, in part because the farm family she
lived with was made up of idiots.  Remember?  One of them was always
getting pinned under the tractor, and Lassie was always rushing back to
the farmhouse to alert the other ones.  She'd whimper and tug at their
sleeves, and they'd always waste precious minutes saying things: "Do
you think something's wrong?  Do you think she wants us to follow her?
What is it, girl?", etc., as if this had never happened before, instead
of every week.  What with all the time these people spent pinned under
the tractor, I don't see how they managed to grow any crops whatsoever.
They probably got by on federal crop supports, which Lassie filed the
applications for.
		-- Dave Barry


Two heads are better than one.
		-- John Heywood


We all agree on the necessity of compromise.  We just can't agree on
when it's necessary to compromise.
		-- Larry Wall


Monogamy is the Western custom of one wife and hardly any mistresses.
		-- H. H. Munro


