I love mankind ... It's people I hate.
		-- Schulz


Because the wine remembers.


Peter Wemm Murphy Field, n.:
	A field of abnormally frequent and severe Murphy's Law events
emanating from Mr. Peter Wemm.  The field was first discovered and
identified in Denmark during the initial FreeBSD SMP development.
Mr. Wemm was residing in Australia at the time.


When the speaker and he to whom he is speaking do not understand, that is
metaphysics.
		-- Voltaire


Nice computers don't go down.


Boy, n.:
	A noise with dirt on it.


Q:	Have you ever been picked up by the fuzz?
A:	No, but I bet it hurts like hell.


Deflector shields just came on, Captain.


Excessive login messages are a sure sign of senility.


Y'all hear about the geometer who went to the beach to catch some
rays and became a tangent ?


Stone's Law:
	One man's "simple" is another man's "huh?"


UNIX is hard. Let's go shopping!


Russia has abolished God, but so far God has been more tolerant.
		-- John Cameron Swayze


Cache:
	A very expensive part of the memory system of a computer that no one
	is supposed to know is there.


We don't care.  We don't have to.  We're the Phone Company.


Schapiro's Explanation:
	The grass is always greener on the other side --
	but that's because they use more manure.


Stenderup's Law:
	The sooner you fall behind, the more time you will have to catch up.


Laughter is the closest distance between two people.
		-- Victor Borge


Exceptions prove the rule, and wreck the budget.
		-- Miller


Kamikazes do it once.


Q:	How many hardware engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	None.  We'll fix it in software.

Q:	How many system programmers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  The application can work around it.

Q:	How many software engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	None.  We'll document it in the manual.

Q:	How many tech writers does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	None.  The user can figure it out.


You are always busy.


Writing is turning one's worst moments into money.
		-- J. P. Donleavy


You will be attacked by a beast who has the body of a wolf, the tail of
a lion, and the face of Donald Duck.


A black cat crossing your path signifies
that the animal is going somewhere.
		-- Groucho Marx


PLUNDERER'S THEME
	(to Supercalifragilisticexpialidocius)

Pillage, rape, and loot and burn, but all in moderation.
If you do the things we say, then you'll soon rule the nation.
Kill your foes and enemies and then kill your relations.
Pillage, rape, and loot and burn, but all in moderation.


We have no scorched earth policy.
We have a policy of scorched Communists.
		-- General Efrain Rios Montt, President of Guatemala, 1982


Someone did a study of the three most-often-heard phrases in New York
City.  One is "Hey, taxi."  Two is, "What train do I take to get to
Bloomingdale's?"  And three is, "Don't worry.  It's just a flesh wound."
		-- David Letterman


L'etat c'est moi.
[The state, that's me.]
		-- Louis XIV


There are three ways to get something done:
	1: Do it yourself.
	2: Hire someone to do it for you.
	3: Forbid your kids to do it.


Delusions are often functional. A mother's opinions about
her children's beauty, intelligence, goodness, et cetera ad
nauseam, keep her from drowning them at birth.


Warning: Trespassers will be shot.
Survivors will be shot again.


One way to make your old car run better is to look up the price of a
new model.


University politics are vicious precisely because the stakes are so small.
		-- Henry Kissinger


...the most exquisitely squalid hells known to middle-class man:
freshman English at a Midwestern university.
		-- Tom Wolfe


Computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable.
Any system which depends on human reliability is unreliable.
		-- Gilb


Don't suspect your friends -- turn them in!
		-- "Brazil"


Q:	How did the elephant get to the top of the oak tree?
A:	He sat on an acorn and waited for spring.

Q:	But how did he get back down?
A:	He crawled out on a leaf and waited for autumn.


Logicians have but ill defined
As rational the human kind.
Logic, they say, belongs to man,
But let them prove it if they can.
		-- Oliver Goldsmith


It's really quite a simple choice: Life, Death, or Los Angeles.


Power tends to corrupt, absolute power corrupts absolutely.
		-- Lord Acton


When you are working hard, get up and retch every so often.


Don't put too fine a point to your wit for fear it should get blunted.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #5

A:	The Halls of Montezuma and the Shores of Tripoli.
Q:	Name two families whose kids won't join the Marines.


<<<<< EVACUATION ROUTE <<<<<


Q:	Do you think the idea of "one tool doing one job" has been
	abandoned? ...
A:	Those days are dead and gone and the eulogy was delivered by
	Perl.
		-- Rob Pike


Mad, adj.:
	Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


I gave up Smoking, Drinking and Sex.  It was the most *_h_o_r_r_i_f_y_i_n_g* 20
minutes of my life!


He thought he saw an albatross
That fluttered 'round the lamp.
He looked again and saw it was
A penny postage stamp.
"You'd best be getting home," he said,
"The nights are rather damp."


Don't feed the bats tonight.


Kinkler's First Law:
	Responsibility always exceeds authority.

Kinkler's Second Law:
	All the easy problems have been solved.


When the sun shineth, make hay.
		-- John Heywood


The college graduate is presented with a sheepskin to cover his
intellectual nakedness.
		-- Robert M. Hutchins


The gods gave man fire and he invented fire engines.
They gave him love and he invented marriage.


As with most fine things, chocolate has its season.  There is a simple memory
aid that you can use to determine whether it is the correct time to order
chocolate dishes: Any month whose name contains the letter A, E, or U is the
proper time for chocolate.
		-- Sandra Boynton, "Chocolate: The Consuming Passion"


A bunch of Polish scientists decided to flee their repressive government by
hijacking an airliner and forcing the pilot to fly them to the West.  They
drove to the airport, forced their way on board a large passenger jet, and
found there was no pilot on board.  Terrified, they listened as the sirens
got louder.  Finally, one of the scientists suggested that since he was an
experimentalist, he would try to fly the aircraft.
	He sat down at the controls and tried to figure them out.  The sirens
got louder and louder.  Armed men surrounded the jet.  The would be pilot's
friends cried out, "Please, please take off now!!!  Hurry!!!"
	The experimentalist calmly replied, "Have patience.  I'm just a simple
pole in a complex plane."


One of your most ancient writers, a historian named Herodotus, tells of a
thief who was to be executed.  As he was taken away he made a bargain with
the king: in one year he would teach the king's favorite horse to sing
hymns.  The other prisoners watched the thief singing to the horse and
laughed.  "You will not succeed," they told him.  "No one can."
	To which the thief replied, "I have a year, and who knows what might
happen in that time.  The king might die.  The horse might die.  I might die.
And perhaps the horse will learn to sing.
		-- "The Mote in God's Eye", Niven and Pournelle


Help fight continental drift.


Children are unpredictable.  You never know what inconsistency they're
going to catch you in next.
		-- Franklin P. Jones


Alas, I am dying beyond my means.
		-- Oscar Wilde [as he sipped champagne on his deathbed]


The 80's -- when you can't tell hairstyles from chemotherapy.


To a Californian, the basic difference between the people and the pigeons
in New York is that the pigeons don't shit on each other.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


If for every rule there is an exception, then we have established that there
is an exception to every rule.  If we accept "For every rule there is an
exception" as a rule, then we must concede that there may not be an exception
after all, since the rule states that there is always the possibility of
exception, and if we follow it to its logical end we must agree that there
can be an exception to the rule that for every rule there is an exception.
		-- Bill Boquist


... But the reward of a successful collaboration is a thing that cannot
be produced by either of the parties working alone.  It is akin to the
benefits of sex with a partner, as opposed to masturbation.  The latter
is fun, but you show me anyone who has gotten a baby from playing with
him or herself, and I'll show you an ugly baby, with just a whole bunch
of knuckles.
		-- Harlan Ellison


	One of my favorite Zoo jokes has to do with a woman who, while
visiting the zoo, decided to have a little fun with the Gorilla.  She walks
up to his cage, reaches in, and begins to fondle the beast.  Needless to
say, the animal becomes quite excited, and as he tries to reciprocate in
kind, the woman steps back and gives him a raspberry...!
	The gorilla becomes enraged.  He rips the bars from his cage, grabs
the woman, drags her back into the cage, and ravishes her.  While doing so,
he inflicts a great deal of harm upon her person.
	Later, at the hospital, a neighbor of the woman visits and exclaims,
"Oh, you poor dear...!  Are you hurt?"
	"Hurt!", "Hurt!?" the injured lady sobs, "He doesn't phone.  He
never writes..."


History is nothing but a collection of fables and useless trifles,
cluttered up with a mass of unnecessary figures and proper names.
		-- Leo Tolstoy


3 syncs represent the trinity -- init, the child and the eternal zombie
process.  In doing 3, you're paying homage to each and I think such
traditions are important in this shallow, mercurial business we find
ourselves in.
		-- Jordan K. Hubbard


Oh, yeah, life goes on, long after the thrill of livin' is gone.
		-- John Cougar, "Jack and Diane"


Beauty seldom recommends one woman to another.


At last, the first Soviet, artificially intelligent computer had been produced.
The engineers did not get it, nor the physicists.  First things first: it went
to the institute of Marxism-Leninism.

"IS IT POSSIBLE TO BUILD SOCIALISM IN SWITZERLAND?" typed in one of the
	theologians.
"YES," replied the computer.  "BUT IT WOULD BE SUCH A PITY TO DESTROY
	SUCH A BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY."


If you make any money, the government shoves you in the creek once a year
with it in your pockets, and all that don't get wet you can keep.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


Fanaticism consists of redoubling your effort when you have
forgotten your aim.
		-- George Santayana


A prisoner of war is a man who tries to kill you and fails, and then
asks you not to kill him.
		-- Sir Winston Churchill, 1952


