Most people will listen to your unreasonable demands,
if you'll consider their unacceptable offer.


We were young and our happiness dazzled us with its strength.  But there was
also a terrible betrayal that lay within me like a Merle Haggard song at a
French restaurant. [...]
	I could not tell the girl about the woman of the tollway, of her milk
white BMW and her Jordache smile.  There had been a fight.  I had punched her
boyfriend, who fought the mechanical bulls.  Everyone told him, "You ride the
bull, senor.  You do not fight it."  But he was lean and tough like a bad
rib-eye and he fought the bull.  And then he fought me.  And when we finished
there were no winners, just men doing what men must do. [...]
	"Stop the car," the girl said.
	There was a look of terrible sadness in her eyes.  She knew about the
woman of the tollway.  I knew not how.  I started to speak, but she raised an
arm and spoke with a quiet and peace I will never forget.
	"I do not ask for whom's the tollway belle," she said, "the tollway
belle's for thee."
	The next morning our youth was a memory, and our happiness was a lie.
Life is like a bad margarita with good tequila, I thought as I poured whiskey
onto my granola and faced a new day.
		-- Peter Applebome, International Imitation Hemingway
		   Competition


I may not be totally perfect, but parts of me are excellent.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


If it were not for the presents, an elopement would be preferable.
		-- George Ade, "Forty Modern Fables"


You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.


Walk softly and carry a big stick.
		-- Theodore Roosevelt


Coding is easy;  All you do is sit staring at a
terminal until the drops of blood form on your forehead.


Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.


Diplomacy is to do and say, the nastiest thing in the nicest way.
		-- Balfour


You know very well that whether you are on page one or page thirty depends
on whether [the press] fear you.  It is just as simple as that.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Old age and treachery will overcome youth and skill.


It's better to be wanted for murder than not to be wanted at all.
		-- Marty Winch


The only "ism" Hollywood believes in is plagiarism.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.


If you don't say anything, you won't be called on to repeat it.
		-- Calvin Coolidge


All programmers are playwrights and all computers are lousy actors.


In science it often happens that scientists say, "You know that's a really
good argument; my position is mistaken," and then they actually change
their minds and you never hear that old view from them again.  They really
do it.  It doesn't happen as often as it should, because scientists are
human and change is sometimes painful.  But it happens every day.  I cannot
recall the last time something like that happened in politics or religion.
		-- Carl Sagan, 1987 CSICOP keynote address


Razors pain you;
Rivers are damp;
Acids stain you;
And drugs cause cramp.
Guns aren't lawful;
Nooses give;
Gas smells awful;
You might as well live.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Resume", 1926


Audiophile, n.:
	Someone who listens to the equipment instead of the music.


I had a feeling once about mathematics -- that I saw it all.  Depth beyond
depth was revealed to me -- the Byss and the Abyss. I saw -- as one might
see the transit of Venus or even the Lord Mayor's Show -- a quantity passing
through infinity and changing its sign from plus to minus.  I saw exactly
why it happened and why tergiversation was inevitable -- but it was after
dinner and I let it go.
		-- Winston Churchill


Consequences, Schmonsequences, as long as I'm rich.
		-- "Ali Baba Bunny" [1957, Chuck Jones]


The only difference in the game of love over the last few
thousand years is that they've changed trumps from clubs to diamonds.
		-- The Indianapolis Star


Old programmers never die, they just become managers.


In bed Dr. Oscar McPugh
Spoke of Spengler -- and ate crackers too.
	His wife said, "Oh, stuff
	That philosophy guff
Up your ass, dear, and throw me a screw!"


He who has the courage to laugh is almost as much
a master of the world as he who is ready to die.
		-- Giacomo Leopardi


War hath no fury like a non-combatant.
		-- Charles Edward Montague


The only excuse for God is that he doesn't exist.
		-- Stendhal


Cheese -- milk's leap toward immortality.
		-- Clifton Fadiman, "Any Number Can Play"


Pixel, n.:
	A mischievous, magical spirit associated with screen displays.
	The computer industry has frequently borrowed from mythology:
	Witness the sprites in computer graphics, the demons in artificial
	intelligence, and the trolls in the marketing department.


THE OLD POOL SHOOTER had won many a game in his life. But now it was time
to hang up the cue. When he did, all the other cues came crashing go the
floor.

"Sorry," he said with a smile.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Ed Sullivan will be around as long as someone else has talent.
		-- Fred Allen


If we don't survive, we don't do anything else.
		-- John Sinclair


Reality must take precedence over public relations, for Mother Nature
cannot be fooled.
		-- R. P. Feynman


QOTD:
	"It wouldn't have been anything, even if it were gonna be a thing."


Say it with flowers,
Or say it with mink,
But whatever you do,
Don't say it with ink!
		-- Jimmie Durante


			Pittsburgh driver's test
7: The car directly in front of you has a flashing right tail light
   but a steady left tail light.  This means
	a) One of the tail lights is broken.  You should blow your
	   horn to call the problem to the driver's attention.
	b) The driver is signaling a right turn.
	c) The driver is signaling a left turn.
	d) The driver is from out of town.
The correct answer is d.
Tail lights are used in some foreign countries to signal turns.


A hand in a bird is worth two on 'er bush.


A girl's conscience doesn't really keep her from doing anything wrong--
it merely keeps her from enjoying it.


Trust your husband, adore your husband,
and get as much as you can in your own name.
		-- Joan Rivers


You can imagine my embarrassment when I killed the wrong guy.
		-- Joe Valachi


Life may have no meaning, or, even worse,
it may have a meaning of which you disapprove.


Sigmund's wife wore Freudian slips.


The only difference between a rut and a grave is their dimensions.


The prettiest women are almost always the most
boring, and that is why some people feel there is no God.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


"We're not talking about the same thing," he said. "For you the world is
weird because if you're not bored with it you're at odds with it. For me
the world is weird because it is stupendous, awesome, mysterious,
unfathomable; my interest has been to convince you that you must accept
responsibility for being here, in this marvelous world, in this marvelous
desert, in this marvelous time.  I wanted to convince you that you must
learn to make every act count, since you are going to be here for only a
short while, in fact, too short for witnessing all the marvels of it."
		-- Don Juan


Matz's Law:
	A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking.


You had mail.
Paul read it, so ask him what it said.


This week only, all our fiber-fill jackets are marked down!


				FROM THE DESK OF
				Dorothy Gale

	Auntie Em:
		Hate you.
		Hate Kansas.
		Taking the dog.
			Dorothy


Once, I read that a man be never stronger
than when he truly realizes how weak he is.
		-- Jim Starlin, "Captain Marvel #31"


A "full" life in my experience is usually full only of other
people's demands.


The public is an old woman.  Let her maunder and mumble.
		-- Thomas Carlyle


How can you think and hit at the same time?
		-- Yogi Berra


Nothing is but what is not.


Executive ability is prominent in your make-up.


Do not drink coffee in early A.M.  It will keep you awake until noon.


The Heineken Uncertainty Principle:
	You can never be sure how many beers you had last night.


Now it is such a bizarrely improbable coincidence that anything so mind-
bogglingly useful could have evolved purely by chance that some thinkers
have chosen to see it as a final and clinching proof of the non-existence
of God.  The argument follows:  "I refuse to prove that I exist," says God,
"for proof denies faith, and without faith I am nothing."  "But," says Man,
"the Babel fish is a dead giveaway, isn't it?  It could not have evolved
by chance, thus proving that you exist, therefore by your own arguments,
you don't.  QED."  "Oh, dear," says God, "I hadn't thought of that," and
promptly vanishes in a puff of logic.
		-- Douglas Adams


Bug, n.:
	A son of a glitch.


Even if you persuade me, you won't persuade me.
		-- Aristophanes


What they say:				What they mean:

A major technological breakthrough...	Back to the drawing board.
Developed after years of research	Discovered by pure accident.
Project behind original schedule due	We're working on something else.
	to unforeseen difficulties
Designs are within allowable limits	We made it, stretching a point or two.
Customer satisfaction is believed	So far behind schedule that they'll be
	assured					grateful for anything at all.
Close project coordination		We're gonna spread the blame, campers!
Test results were extremely gratifying	It works, and boy, were we surprised!
The design will be finalized...		We haven't started yet, but we've got
						to say something.
The entire concept has been rejected	The guy who designed it quit.
We're moving forward with a fresh	We hired three new guys, and they're
	approach				kicking it around.
A number of different approaches...	We don't know where we're going, but
						we're moving.
Preliminary operational tests are	Blew up when we turned it on.
	inconclusive
Modifications are underway		We're starting over.


Politics is supposed to be the second oldest profession.  I have come to
realize that it bears a very close resemblance to the first.
		-- Ronald Reagan


Frobnitz, pl. Frobnitzem (frob'nitsm) n.:
	An unspecified physical object, a widget.  Also refers to
electronic black boxes.  This rare form is usually abbreviated to
FROTZ, or more commonly to FROB.  Also used are FROBNULE, FROBULE, and
FROBNODULE.  Starting perhaps in 1979, FROBBOZ (fruh-bahz'), pl.
FROBBOTZIM, has also become very popular, largely due to its exposure
via the Adventure spin-off called Zork (Dungeon).  These can also be
applied to non-physical objects, such as data structures.


Please ignore previous fortune.


My wife and I only smoke after sex.  I've had the same pack since 1967.
She's up to three packs a day.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


Garbage In - Gospel Out.


	Ever thought of putting a ferret down your pants?  Yes, ferrets,
those weasel-like animals originally trained to hunt rats and possessing
needle sharp claws and razor sharp teeth.  The English do it for sport.
	Ferret Legging involves the tying of a competitor's trousers at
the ankles and then dropping into the trousers a couple of vicious ferrets.
No jockstraps or underwear allowed -- nothing but the bodies' own.  The
ferrets must be young and in good condition.  Neither the ferret or the
contestant may be drugged or drunk -- cold eyed sober only.  The trousers
should be loose fitting, to allow the ferret to scramble from one leg to
the other, and are traditionally white, so that the blood shows better.
	Normal contestants are able to keep them down for up to 40 seconds.
The champion ferret legger, Reg Mellor, of Yorkshire, holds the world record
of 5 hours and 26 minutes.  Mr. Mellor's claims that being the champion is
not so much heroism but, "You just got to be able to have your tool bitten
and not care."


If a team is in a positive frame of mind, it will have a good attitude.
If it has a good attitude, it will make a commitment to playing the
game right.  If it plays the game right, it will win -- unless, of
course, it doesn't have enough talent to win, and no manager can make
goose-liver pate out of goose feathers, so why worry?
		-- Sparky Anderson


Ankh if you love Isis.


The best laid plans of mice and men are held up in the legal department.


Some programming languages manage to absorb change, but withstand
progress.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


Falling in Love
	When two people have been on enough dates, they generally fall in
love.  You can tell you're in love by the way you feel: your head becomes
light, your heart leaps within you, you feel like you're walking on air,
and the whole world seems like a wonderful and happy place.  Unfortunately,
these are also the four warning signs of colon disease, so it's always a
good idea to check with your doctor.
		-- Dave Barry


Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice... moderation in the pursuit
of justice is no virtue.
		-- Barry Goldwater


Speak softly and own a big, mean Doberman.
		-- Dave Millman


Row, row, row your bits, gently down the stream...


Ten of the meanest cons in the state pen met in the corner of the yard to
shoot some craps.  The stakes were enormous, the tension palpable.
	When his turn came to shoot, Dutsky nervously plunked down his
entire wad, shook the dice and rolled.  A smile crossed his face as a
seven showed up, but it quickly changed to horror as third die slipped out
of his sleeve and fell to the ground with the two others.  No one said a
word.  Finally, Killer Lucci picked up the third die, put it in his pocket
and handed the others to Dutsky.
	"Roll 'em," Lucci said.  "Your point is thirteen."


Shamus: A shamus is a guy who takes care of handyman tasks around the
temple, and makes sure everything is in working order.  A shamus is at
the bottom of the pecking order of synagogue functionaries, and there's
a joke about that:

A rabbi, to show his humility before God, cries out in the middle of a
service,
	"Oh, Lord, I am nobody!"
The cantor, not to be bested, also cries out,
	"Oh, Lord, I am nobody!"
The shamus, deeply moved, follows suit and cries,
	"Oh, Lord, I am nobody!"
The rabbi turns to the cantor and says,
	"Look who thinks he's nobody!"
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


RYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRY
RY								RY
RY  WELCOME TO THE BABBAGE ANALYTICAL TIMESHARING SERVICE	RY
RY  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *	RY
RY								RY
RY  PLEASE NOTE THAT THE INTEGRATOR IS CURRENTLY UNAVAILABLE    RY
RY  DUE TO THE WEEKLY GREASING SCHEDULE. WOULD ALL USERS KINDLY RY
RY  RETURN ANY UNUSED PLUGBOARDS, AS THE PROGRAMMING TEAM ARE   RY
RY  RUNNING LOW. DIVISION UNIT 3 WILL BE OUT OF ACTION UNTIL    RY
RY  THURSDAY DUE TO EMERGENCY COG REPLACEMENT - PLEASE ENSURE   RY
RY  THAT YOUR PROGRAM DOES NOT ATTEMPT TO DIVIDE BY ZERO AS	RY
RY  THIS CAN CAUSE SEVERE DAMAGE (INCLUDING SHAFT BREAKAGES).   RY
RY								RY
RYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRY
.
.
SYSTEM READY.
?
		-- Chris Suslowicz


A certain monk had a habit of pestering the Grand Tortue (the only one who
had ever reached the Enlightenment 'Yond Enlightenment), by asking whether
various objects had Buddha-nature or not.  To such a question Tortue
invariably sat silent.  The monk had already asked about a bean, a lake,
and a moonlit night.  One day he brought to Tortue a piece of string, and
asked the same question.  In reply, the Grand Tortue grasped the loop
between his feet and, with a few simple manipulations, created a complex
string which he proffered wordlessly to the monk.  At that moment, the monk
was enlightened.

From then on, the monk did not bother Tortue.  Instead, he made string after
string by Tortue's method; and he passed the method on to his own disciples,
who passed it on to theirs.


Agnes' Law:
	Almost everything in life is easier to get into than out of.


The only thing which separates man from child is all the values
he has lost over the years.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


After your lover has gone you will still have PEANUT BUTTER!


Higgins:	Doolittle, you're either an honest man or a rogue.
Doolittle:	A little of both, Guv'nor.  Like the rest of us, a
		little of both.
		-- Shaw, "Pygmalion"


	Before he became a hermit, Zarathud was a young Priest, and
took great delight in making fools of his opponents in front of his
followers.
	One day Zarathud took his students to a pleasant pasture and
there he confronted The Sacred Chao while She was contentedly grazing.
	"Tell me, you dumb beast," demanded the Priest in his
commanding voice, "why don't you do something worthwhile?  What is your
Purpose in Life, anyway?"
	Munching the tasty grass, The Sacred Chao replied "MU".  (The
Chinese ideogram for NO-THING.)
	Upon hearing this, absolutely nobody was enlightened.
	Primarily because nobody understood Chinese.
		-- Camden Benares, "Zen Without Zen Masters"


Hear about...
	the young Chinese woman who just won the lottery?
	One fortunate cookie...


FreeBSD: It's 3am at night.  Do you know where your fairings are?


All my friends are getting married,
Yes, they're all growing old,
They're all staying home on the weekend,
They're all doing what they're told.


Absence makes the heart forget.


We've got things well in hand.
		-- Master Byte Software, Los Gatos California


Millions long for immortality who do not know what
to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
		-- Susan Ertz


An elderly couple were flying to their Caribbean hideaway on a chartered plane
when a terrible storm forced them to land on an uninhabited island.  When
several days passed without rescue, the couple and their pilot sank into a
despondent silence. Finally, the woman asked her husband if he had made his
usual pledge to the United Way Campaign.
	"We're running out of food and water and you ask *that*?" her husband
barked.  "If you really need to know, I not only pledged a half million but
I've already paid them half of it."
	"You owe the U.W.C. a *quarter million*?" the woman exclaimed
euphorically.  "Don't worry, Harry, they'll find us!  They'll find us!"


Ma Bell runs a baudy house.


Dyslexics have more fnu.


Q:	What goes: Sis!  Boom!  Baaaaah!
A:	Exploding sheep.


Hear that...
	bookstores will soon be stocking a volume called "The Unsensuous
	Census Taker".  It's about a guy who comes once every ten years?


Largest Number of Driving Test Failures
	By April 1970 Mrs. Miriam Hargrave had failed her test thirty-nine
times.  In the eight preceding years she had received two hundred and
twelve driving lessons at a cost of L300.  She set the new record while
driving triumphantly through a set of red traffic lights in Wakefield,
Yorkshire.  Disappointingly, she passed at the fortieth attempt (3 August
1970) but eight years later she showed some of her old magic when she was
reported as saying that she still didn't like doing right-hand turns.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Q:	Minnesotans ask, "Why aren't there more pharmacists from Alabama?"
A:	Easy.  It's because they can't figure out how to get the little
	bottles into the typewriter.


Just close your eyes, tap your heels together three times,
and think to yourself, "There's no place like home."
		-- Billie Burke as Glinda, "The Wizard of Oz"


Youth -- not a time of life but a state of mind... a predominance of
courage over timidity, of the appetite for adventure over the love of ease.
		-- Robert F. Kennedy


***** Special AI Seminar (abstract)

It has been widely recognized that AI programs require expert knowledge
in order to perform well in complex domains.  But knowledge alone is not
sufficient for some applications; wisdom is needed as well.  Accordingly,
we have developed a new approach to artificial intelligence which we call
"wisdom engineering".  As a test of our ideas, we have written IMMANUEL, a
wisdom based system for the task domain of western philosophical thought.
IMMANUEL was supplied initially with 200 wisdom units which contained wisdom
about such elementary concepts as mind, matter, being, nothingness, and so
forth.  IMMANUEL was then allowed to run freely, guided by the heuristic
rules contained in its heterarchically organized meta wisdom base.  IMMANUEL
succeeded in rediscovering most of the important philosophical ideas developed
in western culture over the course of the last 25 centuries, including those
underlying Plato's theory of government, Kant's metaphysics, Nietzsche's theory
of value, and Husserl's phenomenology.  In this seminar, we will describe
IMMANUEL's achievements and internal architecture.  We will also briefly
discuss our recent efforts to apply wisdom engineering to oil exploration.


===  ALL CSH USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

Set the variable $LOSERS to all the people that you think are losers.  This
will cause all said losers to have the variable $PEOPLE-WHO-THINK-I-AM-A-LOSER
updated in their .login file.  Should you attempt to execute a job on a
machine with poor response time and a machine on your local net is currently
populated by losers, that machine will be freed up for your job through a
cold boot process.


We laugh at the Indian philosopher, who to account for the support
of the earth, contrived the hypothesis of a huge elephant, and to support
the elephant, a huge tortoise.  If we will candidly confess the truth, we
know as little of the operation of the nerves, as he did of the manner in
which the earth is supported: and our hypothesis about animal spirits, or
about the tension and vibrations of the nerves, are as like to be true, as
his about the support of the earth.  His elephant was a hypothesis, and our
hypotheses are elephants.  Every theory in philosophy, which is built on
pure conjecture, is an elephant; and every theory that is supported partly
by fact, and partly by conjecture, is like Nebuchadnezzar's image, whose
feet were partly of iron, and partly of clay.
		-- Thomas Reid, "An Inquiry into the Human Mind", 1764


He had that rare weird electricity about him -- that extremely wild
and heavy presence that you only see in a person who has abandoned
all hope of ever behaving "normally."
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing '72"


I heard a definition of an intellectual, that I thought was very
interesting: a man who takes more words than are necessary to tell
more than he knows.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


Programmers used to batch environments may find it hard to live
without giant listings; we would find it hard to use them.
		-- Dennis M. Ritchie


The more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war.


UNIX is hot.  It's more than hot.  It's steaming.  It's quicksilver
lightning with a laserbeam kicker.
		-- Michael Jay Tucker


Let's say your wedding ring falls into your toaster, and when you stick your
hand in to retrieve it, you suffer Pain and Suffering as well as Mental
Anguish.  You would sue:

* The toaster manufacturer, for failure to include, in the instructions
  section that says you should never never never ever stick you hand
  into the toaster, the statement "Not even if your wedding ring falls
  in there".

* The store where you bought the toaster, for selling it to an obvious
  cretin like yourself.

* Union Carbide Corporation, which is not directly responsible in this
  case, but which is feeling so guilty that it would probably send you
  a large cash settlement anyway.
		-- Dave Barry


Real computer scientists admire ADA for its overwhelming aesthetic
value but they find it difficult to actually program in it, as it is
much too large to implement.  Most computer scientists don't notice
this because they are still arguing over what else to add to ADA.


Conceptual integrity in turn dictates that the design must proceed
from one mind, or from a very small number of agreeing resonant minds.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


If you know the answer to a question, don't ask.
		-- Petersen Nesbit


I trust the first lion he meets will do his duty.
		-- J. P. Morgan on Teddy Roosevelt's safari


LIGHTHOUSE:
	A tall building on the seashore in which the government
	maintains a lamp and the friend of a politician.


	"Mach was the greatest intellectual fraud in the last ten years."
	"What about X?"
	"I said `intellectual'."
		;login, 9/1990


Give me a sleeping pill and tell me your troubles.


Kiss your keyboard goodbye!


Horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on people.
		-- W. C. Fields


He who laughs, lasts.


We have not inherited the earth from our parents, we've borrowed it from
our children.


A lifetime isn't nearly long enough to figure out what it's all about.


Minicomputer:
	A computer that can be afforded on the budget of a middle-level
	manager.


Runners do it alone.


Why did the Lord give us so much quickness of
movement unless it was to avoid responsibility with?


There is no such thing as a problem without a gift for you in its hands.


The degree of civilization in a society
can be judged by entering its prisons.
		-- F. Dostoyevski


Main's Law:
	For every action there is an equal and opposite government program.


Q:	What's the difference between a hold-up and a stick-up?
A:	Age.


It's always darkest just before it gets pitch black.


Year  Name				James Bond	Book
----  --------------------------------	--------------	----
50's  James Bond TV Series		Barry Nelson
1962  Dr. No				Sean Connery	1958
1963  From Russia With Love		Sean Connery	1957
1964  Goldfinger			Sean Connery	1959
1965  Thunderball			Sean Connery	1961
1967* Casino Royale			David Niven	1954
1967  You Only Live Twice		Sean Connery	1964
1969  On Her Majesty's Secret Service	George Lazenby	1963
1971  Diamonds Are Forever		Sean Connery	1956
1973  Live And Let Die			Roger Moore	1955
1974  The Man With The Golden Gun	Roger Moore	1965
1977  The Spy Who Loved Me		Roger Moore	1962 (novelette)
1979  Moonraker				Roger Moore	1955
1981  For Your Eyes Only		Roger Moore	1960 (novelette)
1983  Octopussy				Roger Moore	1965
1983* Never Say Never Again		Sean Connery
1985  A View To A Kill			Roger Moore	1960 (novelette)
1987  The Living Daylights		Timothy Dalton	1965 (novelette)
	* -- Not a Broccoli production


Adopted kids are such a pain -- you have to teach them how to look
like you ...
		-- Gilda Radner


The sheep that fly over your head are soon to land.


Of all forms of caution, caution in love is the most fatal.


As she lay there dozing next beside me, a voice inside my head kept
saying "Relax... you're not the first doctor who's ever slept with
one of his patients," but another voice kept reminding me, "Howard,
you're a veterinarian."


	"Seven years and six months!"  Humpty Dumpty repeated thoughtfully.
"An uncomfortable sort of age.  Now if you'd asked MY advice, I'd have
said 'Leave off at seven' -- but it's too late now."
	"I never ask advice about growing,"  Alice said indignantly.
	"Too proud?" the other enquired.
	Alice felt even more indignant at this suggestion.  "I mean,"
she said, "that one can't help growing older."
	"ONE can't, perhaps," said Humpty Dumpty; "but TWO can.  With
proper assistance, you might have left off at seven."
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


Law of the Jungle:
	He who hesitates is lunch.


Your business will assume vast proportions.


Lagnaf, n.:
	Let's All Get Naked And Fuck!


Being owned by someone used to be called
slavery -- now it's called commitment.


SPINSTER:
	Unlusted number.


This is the _L_A_S_T time I take travel suggestions from Ray Bradbury!


Orcs really aren't so bad (if you use lots of catsup).


