Just when you thought you were winning the rat race, along comes a
faster rat!!!


A group of scientists discovered an apelike creature in the jungle, which
they hoped would prove to be the missing link.  The proof of their theory,
however, required that a human mate with the animal so that they could see
what characteristics the offspring would assume.  Needing volunteers, the
scientists placed an ad in the paper: "$5000 to mate with ape."
	Almost immediately, they received response from a man who said he
would be willing to take part in the experiment, with three conditions.
	"First," he said, "my wife must never know.  Second, any children
must be baptized.  And, third, I'd have to pay in installments."


Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	You wouldn't understand.
	You ask too many questions.
	In order to be a man, you have to learn to follow orders.
	That's for me to know and you to find out.
	Don't let those bullies push you around.  Go in there and stick
		up for yourself.
	You're acting too big for your britches.
	Well, you broke it.  Now are you satisfied?
	Wait till your father gets home.
	Bored?  If you're bored, I've got some chores for you.
	Shape up or ship out.


Love makes fools, marriage cuckolds, and patriotism malevolent imbeciles.
		-- Paul Leautaud, "Passe-temps"


Plots are like girdles.  Hidden, they hold your interest; revealed, they're
of no interest except to fetishists. Like girdles, they attempt to contain
an uncontainable experience.
		-- R. S. Knapp


QOTD:
	"He's such a hick he doesn't even have a trapeze in his bedroom."


Speaking of Godzilla and other things that convey horror:

	With a purposeful grimace and a Mongo-like flair
	He throws the spinning disk drives in the air!
	And he picks up a Vax and he throws it back down
	As he wades through the lab making terrible sounds!
	Helpless users with projects due
	Scream "My God!" as he stomps on the tape drives, too!

	Oh, no!  He says Unix runs too slow!  Go, go, DECzilla!
	Oh, yes!  He's gonna bring up VMS!  Go, go, DECzilla!"

* VMS is a trademark of Digital Equipment Corporation
* DECzilla is a trademark of Hollow Chocolate Bunnies of Death, Inc.
		-- Curtis Jackson


Monday, n.:
	In Christian countries, the day after the baseball game.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.


"I have credit with this madam who runs a string of super callgirls,"
the executive reminisced at his club bar, "but when I got the bill for
the great head session one of them pleasured me with, I must say that
it was enough to make a blown man cry."


Dustin Farnum:	Why, yesterday, I had the audience glued to their seats!
Oliver Herford:	Wonderful!  Wonderful!  Clever of you to think of it!
		-- Brian Herbert, "Classic Comebacks"


There are three kinds of people: men, women, and unix.


Hear about...
	the poor Greek fisherman who got his upper torso wedged into
	a porthole and couldn't get out to save his ass?


The greatest joy a man can know is to conquer his enemies and drive them
before him.  To ride their horses and take away their possessions.  To see
the faces of those who were dear to them bedewed with tears, and to clasp
their wives and daughters to his arms.
		-- Chinggis (Genghis) Khan


I do hate sums.  There is no greater mistake than to call arithmetic an
exact science.  There are permutations and aberrations discernible to
minds entirely noble like mine; subtle variations which ordinary
accountants fail to discover; hidden laws of number which it requires a
mind like mine to perceive.  For instance, if you add a sum from the
bottom up, and then again from the top down, the result is always
different.
		-- Mrs. La Touche (19th cent.)


There are so many people wanting a piece of my ass that some of them
are having to take turns.
		-- T.K.


All's well that ends.


Reader, suppose you were an idiot.  And suppose you were a member of
Congress.  But I repeat myself.
		-- Mark Twain


Mary had a little lamb,
It's fleece as white as snow.
It followed her to school one day,
And got fucked by a big black dog.


Nothing is so often irretrievably missed as a daily opportunity.
		-- Ebner-Eschenbach


Most legislators are so dumb that they couldn't pour piss out of a
boot if the instructions were printed on the heel.


When in doubt, lead trump.


"Lines that are parallel meet at Infinity!"
Euclid repeatedly, heatedly, urged.

Until he died, and so reached that vicinity:
in it he found that the damned things diverged.
		-- Piet Hein


Love is eating her even when she's not having her period.


The odds are a million to one against your being one in a million.


Peace is much more precious than a piece
of land... let there be no more wars.
		-- Mohammed Anwar Sadat (1918-1981)


Nature makes boys and girls lovely to look upon so they can be
tolerated until they acquire some sense.
		-- William Phelps


The concept seems to be clear by now.  It has been
defined several times by examples of what it is not.


Your temporary financial embarrassment will
be relieved in a surprising manner.


Life is like a bowl of soup with hairs floating on it.  You have to
eat it nevertheless.
		-- Flaubert


If you lend someone $20 and never see that person again, it was
probably worth it.


Armadillo, v.:
	To provide weapons to a Spanish pickle.


The clergy successfully preached the doctrines of patience and pusillanimity;
the active virtues of society were discouraged; and the last remains of a
military spirit were buried in the cloister: a large portion of public and
private wealth was consecrated to the specious demands of charity and devotion;
and the soldiers' pay was lavished on the useless multitudes of both sexes
who could only plead the merits of abstinence and chastity.
		-- Edward Gibbons, "The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire"


The abbess of a nunnery was instructing a group of novices on the house rules
of her particular order.  The indoctrination period, which went on for hours,
began with "No washing of undies in the founts," and ended with "Lights out at
nine.  Candles out at ten."


Calling you stupid is an insult to stupid people!
		-- Wanda, "A Fish Called Wanda"


One of the chief duties of the mathematician in acting as an
advisor... is to discourage... from expecting too much from
mathematics.
		-- N. Wiener


One day,
A mad meta-poet,
With nothing to say,
Wrote a mad meta-poem
That started: "One day,
A mad meta-poet,
With nothing to say,
Wrote a mad meta-poem
That started: "One day,
[...]
sort of close".
Were the words that the poet,
Finally chose,
To bring his mad poem,
To some sort of close".
Were the words that the poet,
Finally chose,
To bring his mad poem,
To some sort of close".


I was 15 years old before I found out that "damn yankee" was two words.


Darth Vader sleeps with a Teddywookie.


The primary requisite for any new tax law is for it to exempt enough
voters to win the next election.


FORTUNE ANSWERS THE TOUGH QUESTIONS: #3

Q:	Why haven't you graduated yet?
A:	Well, Dad, I could have finished years ago, but I wanted
	my dissertation to rhyme.


Don't have good ideas if you aren't willing to be responsible for them.


And on the seventh day, He exited from append mode.


Dime is money.


Higgins:	Doolittle, you're either an honest man or a rogue.
Doolittle:	A little of both, Guv'nor.  Like the rest of us, a
		little of both.
		-- Shaw, "Pygmalion"


Somewhere on this globe, every ten seconds, there is a
woman giving birth to a child.  She must be found and stopped.
		-- Sam Levenson


"Scott, baby," the sexually aggressive girl murmured as she guided
her date's finger to her clitoris, "This bud's for you."


Woody: What's going on, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Let's talk about what's going *in* Mr. Peterson.  A beer, Woody.
		-- Cheers, Paint Your Office

Sam:  How's life treating you?
Norm: It's not, Sammy, but that doesn't mean you can't.
		-- Cheers, A Kiss is Still a Kiss

Woody:  Can I pour you a draft, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   A little early, isn't it Woody?
Woody:  For a beer?
Norm:   No, for stupid questions.
		-- Cheers, Let Sleeping Drakes Lie


In the plot, people came to the land; the land loved them; they worked and
struggled and had lots of children.  There was a Frenchman who talked funny
and a greenhorn from England who was a fancy-pants but when it came to the
crunch he was all courage.  Those novels would make you retch.
		-- Canadian novelist Robertson Davies, on the generic Canadian
		   novel.


If Christianity was morality, Socrates would be the Saviour.
		-- William Blake


Please stand for the National Anthem:

	Australian's all, let us rejoice,
	For we are young and free.
	We've golden soil and wealth for toil
	Our home is girt by sea.
	Our land abounds in nature's gifts
	Of beauty rich and rare.
	In history's page, let every stage
	Advance Australia Fair.
	In joyful strains then let us sing,
	Advance Australia Fair.

Thank you.  You may resume your seat.


The Greatest Mathematical Error
	The Mariner I space probe was launched from Cape Canaveral on 28
July 1962 towards Venus.  After 13 minutes' flight a booster engine would
give acceleration up to 25,820 mph; after 44 minutes 9,800 solar cells
would unfold; after 80 days a computer would calculate the final course
corrections and after 100 days the craft would circle the unknown planet,
scanning the mysterious cloud in which it is bathed.
	However, with an efficiency that is truly heartening, Mariner I
plunged into the Atlantic Ocean only four minutes after takeoff.
	Inquiries later revealed that a minus sign had been omitted from
the instructions fed into the computer.  "It was human error", a launch
spokesman said.
	This minus sign cost L4,280,000.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


	"Richard, in being so fierce toward my vampire, you were doing
what you wanted to do, even though you thought it was going to hurt
somebody else. He even told you he'd be hurt if..."
	"He was going to suck my blood!"
	"Which is what we do to anyone when we tell them we'll be hurt
if they don't live our way."
...
	"The thing that puzzles you," he said, "is an accepted saying that
happens to be impossible.  The phrase is hurt somebody else.  We choose,
ourselves, to be hurt or not to be hurt, no matter what.  Us who decides.
Nobody else.  My vampire told you he'd be hurt if you didn't let him?  That's
his decision to be hurt, that's his choice.  What you do about it is your
decision, your choice: give him blood; ignore him; tie him up; drive a stake
through his heart.  If he doesn't want the holly stake, he's free to resist,
in whatever way he wants.  It goes on and on, choices, choices."
	"When you look at it that way..."
	"Listen," he said, "it's important.  We are all.  Free.  To do.
Whatever.  We want.  To do."
		-- Richard Bach, "Illusions"


A woman must be a cute, cuddly, naive little thing -- tender, sweet,
and stupid.
		-- Adolf Hitler


Hear that...
	the Masters and Johnson clinic may well be the only organization
	in the world from which a man resigns when he becomes a member
	in good standing?


panic: can't find /


My weight is perfect for my height -- which varies.


Lubarsky's Law of Cybernetic Entomology:
	There's always one more bug.


For a good time, call (510) 642-9483


I think every good Christian ought to kick Falwell right in the ass.
		-- Barry Goldwater


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #12 -- LITHP

	This otherwise unremarkable language, originally developed in San
Francisco, is distinguished by the absence of an "S" in its character set;
users must substitute "TH".  LITHP is thaid to be utheful in protheththing
lithtth.


You can't have your cake and let your neighbor eat it too.
		-- Ayn Rand


1. The sport of choice for the low skill level employees is: BASKETBALL.
2. The sport of choice for maintenance level employees is: BOWLING.
3. The sport of choice for front-line workers is: FOOTBALL.
4. The sport of choice for supervisors is: BASEBALL.
5. The sport of choice for middle management is: TENNIS.
6. The sport of choice for corporate officers is: GOLF.

AMAZING CONCLUSION: The higher you are in the corporate structure, the smaller
your balls.


My band career ended late in my senior year when John Cooper and I
threw my amplifier out the dormitory window.  We did not act in haste.
First we checked to make sure the amplifier would fit through the
frame, using the belt from my bathrobe to measure, then we picked up
the amplifier and backed up to my bedroom door.  Then we rushed
forward, shouting "The WHO!  The WHO!" and we launched my amplifier
perfectly, as though we had been doing it all our lives, clean through
the window and down onto the sidewalk, where a small but appreciative
crowd had gathered.  I would like to be able to say that this was a
symbolic act, an effort on my part to break cleanly away from one state
in my life and move on to another, but the truth is, Cooper and I
really just wanted to find out what it would sound like.  It sounded
OK.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Snake"


They're basically very smelly houseplants until they get to the crawling
age.  You're constantly terrified that they're going to randomly die on
you, but the rules for preventing that outcome are straightforward and
hard to forget.
		-- Thomas Ptacek, giving advice to a new father


I have already given two cousins to the war and I stand ready to
sacrifice my wife's brother.
		-- Artemus Ward


You will wish you hadn't.


1. Never give anything away for nothing.  2. Never give more than
you have to (always catch the buyer hungry and always make him wait).
3. Always take back everything if you possibly can.
		-- William S. Burroughs, on drug pushing


Kath: Can he be present at the birth of his child?
Ed: It's all any reasonable child can expect if the dad is present
	at the conception.
		-- Joe Orton, "Entertaining Mr. Sloane"


No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.
		-- William Blake


And yet, seasons must be taken with a grain of salt, for they too have a
sense of humor, as does history.  Corn stalks comedy, comedy stalks tragedy,
and this too is historic.  And yet, still, when corn meets tragedy face to
face, we have politics.
		-- Dalglish, Larsen and Sutherland,
		   "Root Crops and Ground Cover"


Real Programmers don't play tennis, or any other sport that requires
you to change clothes.  Mountain climbing is OK, and real programmers
wear their climbing boots to work in case a mountain should suddenly
spring up in the middle of the machine room.


What a strange game.  The only winning move is not to play.
		-- WOP, "War Games"


Love is in the offing.
		-- The Homicidal Maniac


The abbess of a nunnery was instructing a group of novices on the house rules
of her particular order.  The indoctrination period, which went on for hours,
began with "No washing of undies in the founts," and ended with "Lights out at
nine.  Candles out at ten."


I'm not proud.


You mentioned your name as if I should recognize it, but beyond the
obvious facts that you are a bachelor, a solicitor, a freemason, and
an asthmatic, I know nothing whatever about you.
		-- Sherlock Holmes, "The Norwood Builder"


The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness.
		-- John Muir


Never say "Oops" in an operating room.


Hear about...
	the girl who called her boyfriend Amaretto, 'cause he was
	such a sweet liquor?


I hold it, that a little rebellion, now and then, is a good thing...
		-- Thomas Jefferson


The trouble with some women is that they get all excited about nothing --
and then marry him.
		-- Cher


	"We've decided to have the budgie put down."
	"Oh, is he very old then?"
	"No, we just don't like him."
	"Oh.  How do they put budgies down anyway?"
	"Well, it's funny you should be asking that, as I've been reading a
great big book called `How to put your budgie down'.  And as I understand it,
you can either hit them over the head with the book, or shoot them there, just
above the beak."
	"Mrs. Conkers flushed hers down the loo."
	"Oh, you don't want to do that, because they breed in the sewers and
pretty soon you get huge evil smelling flocks of soiled budgies flying out
of peoples lavatories infringing their personal freedoms."
		-- Monty Python


Pascal is a language for children wanting to be naughty.
		-- Dr. Kasi Ananthanarayanan


There are two ways of disliking poetry;
one way is to dislike it, the other is to read Pope.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Monday, n.:
	In Christian countries, the day after the baseball game.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


You will remember, Watson, how the dreadful business of the Abernetty family
was first brought to my notice by the depth which the parsley had sunk into
the butter upon a hot day.
		-- Sherlock Holmes


Your love life will be... interesting.


My family history begins with me, but yours ends with you.
		-- Iphicrates


Have you ever wondered what makes Californians so calm?  Besides drugs, I
mean.  The answer is hot tubs.  A hot tub is a redwood container filled with
water that you sit in naked with members of the opposite sex, none of whom
is necessarily your spouse.  After a few hours in their hot tubs, Californians
don't give a damn about earthquakes or mass murderers.  They don't give a
damn about anything, which is why they are able to produce "Laverne and
Shirley" week after week.
		-- Dave Barry


Macho does not prove mucho.
		-- Zsa Zsa Gabor


C makes it easy for you to shoot yourself in the foot.  C++ makes that
harder, but when you do, it blows away your whole leg.
		-- Bjarne Stroustrup


Boy!  Eucalyptus!


America was discovered by Amerigo Vespucci and was named after him, until
people got tired of living in a place called "Vespuccia" and changed its
name to "America".
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


NOBODY EXPECTS THE SPANISH INQUISITION.


The distinction between Jewish and goyish can be quite subtle, as the
following quote from Lenny Bruce illustrates:

	"I'm Jewish.  Count Basie's Jewish.  Ray Charles is Jewish.
Eddie Cantor's goyish.  The B'nai Brith is goyish.  The Hadassah is
Jewish.  Marine Corps -- heavy goyish, dangerous.
	"Kool-Aid is goyish.  All Drake's Cakes are goyish.
Pumpernickel is Jewish and, as you know, white bread is very goyish.
Instant potatoes -- goyish.  Black cherry soda's very Jewish.
Macaroons are _v_e_r_y Jewish.  Fruit salad is Jewish.  Lime Jell-O is
goyish.  Lime soda is _v_e_r_y goyish.  Trailer parks are so goyish that
Jews won't go near them."
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


Census Taker to Housewife:
Did you ever have the measles, and, if so, how many?


Home is the place where, when you have to go there,
they have to take you in.
		-- Robert Frost, "The Death of the Hired Man"


Q:	What do you get when you cross a mobster with an international
	standard?
A:	You get someone who makes you an offer that you can't understand!


You will visit the Dung Pits of Glive soon.


I wish you were a Scotch on the rocks.


$3,000,000


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(2) The single greatest threat to the free people of the world is posed
    by the heinous idea of centralized government control.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Whenever someone tells you to take their advice,
you can be pretty sure that they're not using it.


Have people realized that the purpose of the fortune cookie program is
to defuse project tensions?  When did you ever see a cheerful cookie, a
non-cynical, or even an informative cookie?

Perhaps inadvertently, we have a channel for our aggressions.  This
still begs the question of whether the cookie releases the pressure or
only serves to blunt the warning signs.

		Long live the revolution!
		Have a nice day.


FORTUNE EXPLAINS WHAT JOB REVIEW CATCH PHRASES MEAN:	#4

Consistent:
	Reviewee hasn't gotten anything right yet, and it is anticipated
	that this pattern will continue throughout the coming year.

An excellent sounding board:
	Present reviewee with any number of alternatives, and implement
	them in the order precisely opposite of his/her specification.

A planner and organizer:
	Usually manages to put on socks before shoes.  Can match the
	animal tags on his clothing.


How apt the poor are to be proud.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Twelfth-Night"


AMOEBIT:
	Amoeba/rabbit cross; it can multiply
	and divide at the same time.


The trouble with heart disease is that the first
symptom is often hard to deal with: death.
		-- Michael Phelps


The trouble with you
Is the trouble with me.
Got two good eyes
But we still don't see.
		-- Robert Hunter, "Workingman's Dead"


If the weather is extremely bad, church attendance will be down.
If the weather is extremely good, church attendance will be down.
If the bulletin covers are in short supply, however,
church attendance will exceed all expectations.
		-- Reverend Chichester


When I'm good, I'm great; but when I'm bad, I'm better.
		-- Mae West


Remember that as a teenager you are in the last stage of your life when
you will be happy to hear that the phone is for you.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


My parents went to Niagra Falls and all I got was this crummy life.


I can hire one half of the working class to kill the other half.
		-- Jay Gould


A nuclear war can ruin your whole day.


Hi, I'm Preston A. Mantis, president of Consumers Retail Law Outlet.
As you can see by my suit and the fact that I have all these books of
equal height on the shelves behind me, I am a trained legal attorney.
Do you have a car or a job?  Do you ever walk around?  If so, you
probably have the makings of an excellent legal case.  Although of
course every case is different, I would definitely say that based on my
experience and training, there's no reason why you shouldn't come out
of this thing with at least a cabin cruiser.

Remember, at the Preston A. Mantis Consumers Retail Law Outlet, our
motto is:  "It is very difficult to disprove certain kinds of pain."
		-- Dave Barry, "Pain and Suffering"


Many people feel that they deserve some kind of
recognition for all the bad things they haven't done.


I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas.
I'm frightened of the old ones.
		-- John Cage


User, n.:
	A programmer who will believe anything you tell him.


Fortune: You will be attacked next Wednesday at 3:15 p.m. by six samurai
sword wielding purple fish glued to Harley-Davidson motorcycles.

Oh, and have a nice day!
		-- Bryce Nesbitt '84


The value of a program is proportional to the weight of its output.


	"The jig's up, Elman."
	"Which jig?"
		-- Jeff Elman


When I was a child...  We had a quick-sand box in the backyard...
I was an only child...  eventually.
		-- Steven Wright


I came out of twelve years of college and I didn't even know how to sew.
All I could do was account -- I couldn't even account for myself.
		-- The Firesign Theatre


The first and almost the only Book deserving of universal attention is
the Bible.
		-- John Quincy Adams

All the good from the Saviour of the world is communicated through this Book;
but for the Book we could not know right from wrong.  All the things desirable
to man are contained in it.
		-- Abraham Lincoln

... the Bible ... is the one supreme source of revelation of the meaning of
life, the nature of God and spiritual nature and need of men.  It is the only
guide of life which really leads the spirit in the way of peace and salvation.
		-- Woodrow Wilson


[Norm goes into the bar at Vic's Bowl-A-Rama.]

Off-screen crowd:  Norm!
Sam:   How the hell do they know him here?
Cliff: He's got a life, you know.
		-- Cheers, From Beer to Eternity

Woody: What can I do for you, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Elope with my wife.
		-- Cheers, The Triangle

Woody: How's life, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Oh, I'm waiting for the movie.
		-- Cheers, Take My Shirt... Please?


It was on the tip of my tongue to tell them about the deer, but I ended up
not doing it.  That was one thing I kept to myself.  I've never spoken or
written of it until just now, today.  And I have to tell you that it seems
a lesser thing written down, damn near inconsequential.  But for me it was
the best part of that trip, the cleanest part, and it was a moment I found
myself returning to, almost helplessly, when there was trouble in my life --
my first day in the bush in Vietnam, and this fellow walked into the clearing
where we were with his hand over his nose and when he took his hand away there
was no nose there because it had been shot off; the time the doctor told us
our youngest son might be hydrocephalic (he turned out just to have an
oversized head, thank God); the long crazy weeks before my mother died.  I
would find my thoughts turning back to that morning, the scuffed suede of
her ears, the white flash of her tail.  But eight hundred million Red Chinese
don't give a shit, right?  The most important things are the hardest to say,
because words diminish them.  It's hard to make strangers care about the
good things in your life.
		-- Stephen King, "The Body"


You wanna play the dozens,
Well, the dozens is a game,
But the way I fuck your mother is an ass-wringing shame!
		-- George Carlin


An 11 is a 10 who doesn't have headaches.


There is only one way to be happy by means of the heart -- to have none.
		-- Paul Bourget


Minnie Mouse is a slow maze learner.


	A man sank into the psychiatrist's couch and said, "I have a
terrible problem, Doctor.  I have a son at Harvard and another son at
Princeton; I've just gifted each of them with a new Ferrari; I've got
homes in Beverly Hills, Palm Beach, and a co-op in New York; and I've
got a thriving ranch in Venezuela.  My wife is a gorgeous young actress
who considers my two mistresses to be her best friends."
	The psychiatrist looked at the patient, confused.  "Did I miss
something?  It sounds to me like you have no problems at all."
	"But, Doctor, I only make $175 a week."


There is no education that is not political.  An apolitical
education is also political because it is purposely isolating.


This is supposed to be a happy occasion.
Let's not BICKER and ARGUE over who killed who!


Just remember, it all started with a mouse.
		-- Walt Disney


It is impossible to make anything
foolproof because fools are so ingenious.


You mentioned your name as if I should recognize it, but beyond the
obvious facts that you are a bachelor, a solicitor, a freemason, and
an asthmatic, I know nothing whatever about you.
		-- Sherlock Holmes, "The Norwood Builder"


You will have long and healthy life.


CLONE OF MY OWN (to Home on the Range)

Oh, give me a clone
Of my own flesh and bone
	With the Y chromosome changed to X.
And when she is grown,
My very own clone,
	We'll be of the opposite sex.

Chorus:
	Clone, clone of my own,
	With the Y chromosome changed to X.
	And when we're alone,
	Since her mind is my own,
	She'll be thinking of nothing but sex.
		-- Randall Garrett


World War Three can be averted by adherence to a strictly enforced
dress code!


On a tous un peu peur de l'amour, mais on
a surtout peur de souffrir ou de faire souffrir.

[One is always a little afraid of love, but
above all, one is afraid of pain or causing pain.]


Where, oh, where, are you tonight?
Why did you leave me here all alone?
I searched the world over, and I thought I'd found true love.
You met another, and *PPHHHLLLBBBBTTT*, you wuz gone.

Gloom, despair and agony on me.
Deep dark depression, excessive misery.
If it weren't for bad luck, I'd have no luck at all.
Oh, gloom, despair and agony on me.
		-- Hee Haw


Beware of a tall blond man with one black shoe.


Stamp out philately.


Nolo contendere:
	A legal term meaning: "I didn't do it, judge, and I'll never do
	it again."


One man's "magic" is another man's engineering.
"Supernatural" is a null word.


A pickup with three guys in it pulls into the lumber yard.  One of the men
gets out and goes into the office.
	"I need some four-by-two's," he says.
	"You must mean two-by-four's" replies the clerk.
	The man scratches his head.  "Wait a minute," he says, "I'll go
check."
	Back, after an animated conversation with the other occupants of the
truck, he reassures the clerk, that, yes, in fact, two-by-fours would be
acceptable.
	"OK," says the clerk, writing it down, "how long you want 'em?"
	The guy gets the blank look again.  "Uh... I guess I better go
check," he says.
	He goes back out to the truck, and there's another animated
conversation.  The guy comes back into the office.  "A long time," he says,
"we're building a house".


Genius is ten percent inspiration and fifty percent capital gains.


Law of Communications:
	The inevitable result of improved and enlarged communications
	between different levels in a hierarchy is a vastly increased
	area of misunderstanding.


FORTUNE PRESENTS FAMOUS LAST WORDS:	#4

Socrates:		I DRANK WHAT!?!?
Tarzan:			Who greased the grape viiiiiiiiiiiinnnneee........
Al Capone:		There's a violin in my violin case!
Pilot, TWA Fl. #343:	What's a mountain goat doing 'way up here?


Interchangeable parts won't.


Command, n.:
	Statement presented by a human and accepted by a computer in
	such a manner as to make the human feel as if he is in control.


A sweet young schoolteacher who had always been virtuous was invited to go
for a ride in the country with the gym instructor, whom she admired.  Under
a tree on the bank of a quiet lake, she struggled with her conscience and
with the gym instructor and finally gave in to the latter.  Sobbing
uncontrollably she asked her seducer,
	"How can I ever face my students again, knowing I have sinned twice?"
	"Twice?" asked the young man, confused.
	"Why, yes," said the sweet teacher, wiping a tear from her eye.
"You're going to do it again, aren't you?"


Boy, that crayon sure did hurt!


Strategy:
	A long-range plan whose merit cannot be evaluated until sometime
	after those creating it have left the organization.


A man is talking to his wife when he mentions that there's a "Big Dick"
contest at one of the bars in town and the prize for the winner is $1000.
	"Oh, honey," she exclaims, "I don't want you taking that thing
out in public!"
	"But baby," he says, "$1000 is a lot of money."
	"I don't care!" she says, stamping her foot.  "I don't want you
showing that thing to everybody."
	And the subject isn't mentioned again, until the following evening
when he hands her $1000.
	"Did you enter the contest, even after I told you I didn't want
you to?" she asks.
	"Please forgive me, turtle dove," he says.  "I thought we could use
the money."
	"You mean you took that thing out for everybody to see?" she says,
tears welling up in her eyes.
	"Only enough to win, honey, only enough to win."


