Wok, n.:
	Something to thwow at a wabbit.


We demand rigidly defined areas of doubt and uncertainty!
		-- Vroomfondel


Needs are a function of what other people have.


	Your home electrical system is basically a bunch of wires that bring
electricity into your home and take if back out before it has a chance to
kill you.  This is called a "circuit".  The most common home electrical
problem is when the circuit is broken by a "circuit breaker"; this causes
the electricity to back up in one of the wires until it bursts out of an
outlet in the form of sparks, which can damage your carpet.  The best way
to avoid broken circuits is to change your fuses regularly.
	Another common problem is that the lights flicker.  This sometimes
means that your electrical system is inadequate, but more often it means
that your home is possessed by demons, in which case you'll need to get a
caulking gun and some caulking.  If you're not sure whether your house is
possessed, see "The Amityville Horror", a fine documentary film based on an
actual book.  Or call in a licensed electrician, who is trained to spot the
signs of demonic possession, such as blood coming down the stairs, enormous
cats on the dinette table, etc.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Sure, Reagan has promised to take senility tests.
But what if he forgets?


	An older student came to Otis and said, "I have been to see a
great number of teachers and I have given up a great number of pleasures.
I have fasted, been celibate and stayed awake nights seeking enlightenment.
I have given up everything I was asked to give up and I have suffered, but
I have not been enlightened.  What should I do?"
	Otis replied, "Give up suffering."
		-- Camden Benares, "Zen Without Zen Masters"


The longest part of the journey is said to be the passing of the gate.
		-- Marcus Terentius Varro


I knew her before she was a virgin.
		-- Oscar Levant, on Doris Day


And miles to go before I sleep.


Portable, adj.:
	Survives system reboot.


Israeli prime minister Shamir invited the Pope to play a round of golf.  Since
the Pope hadn't the faintest of an idea how to play, he convened the college of
cardinals to ask their advice.  "Call Arnold Palmer," they suggested, "make him
a cardinal and let him play in your place.  Tell Shamir you couldn't make it."
	Honored by His Holiness' request, Palmer agreed to represent him.
When he returned from the match, the Pope asked him how he had done.  "I came
in second," Palmer replied.
	"You mean to tell me Shamir beat you?"
	"No, Your Holiness.  Rabbi Nicklaus did."


Some women are like musical glasses.
To keep them in tune they must be wet.
		-- Samuel T. Coleridge


An idea is an eye given by God for the seeing of God.  Some of these
eyes we cannot bear to look out of, we blind them as quickly as
possible.
		-- Russell Hoban, "Pilgermann"


	The Lord and I are in a sheep-shepherd relationship, and I am in
a position of negative need.
	He prostrates me in a green-belt grazing area.
	He conducts me directionally parallel to non-torrential aqueous
liquid.
	He returns to original satisfaction levels my psychological makeup.
	He switches me on to a positive behavioral format for maximal
prestige of His identity.
	It should indeed be said that notwithstanding the fact that I make
ambulatory progress through the umbrageous inter-hill mortality slot, terror
sensations will no be initiated in me, due to para-etical phenomena.
	Your pastoral walking aid and quadrupic pickup unit introduce me
into a pleasurific mood state.
	You design and produce a nutriment-bearing furniture-type structure
in the context of non-cooperative elements.
	You act out a head-related folk ritual employing vegetable extract.
	My beverage utensil experiences a volume crisis.
	It is an ongoing deductible fact that your inter-relational
empathetical and non-ventious capabilities will retain me as their
target-focus for the duration of my non-death period, and I will possess
tenant rights in the housing unit of the Lord on a permanent, open-ended
time basis.


Two friends, an Italian boy and a Jewish boy, come of age at the same time.
The Italian boy's father presents him with a brand-new pistol.  On the other
side of town, at his Bar Mitzvah, the Jewish boy receives a beautiful gold
watch.
	The next day, in school, the two boys are showing each other what
they got.  It turns out that each boy likes the other's present better, and
so they trade.
	That night, the Italian boy is at home and his father sees him
looking at his new watch.  "Where did you getta thatta watch?" he asks.
	The boy explains the trade, and the father blows his top.  "Whatta
you?  Stupidda boy?  Whatsa matta you!"
	"Somma day, you maybe gonna getta married.  Then maybe somma day
you gonna comma home and finda you wife inna bed with another man.  Whatta
you gonna do then?  Looka atta you watch and say, `How longa you gonna be?'"


Confucius say too much.
		-- Recent Chinese proverb


For a young man, not yet: for an old man, never at all.
		-- Diogenes, asked when a man should marry

When should a man marry?  A young man, not yet; an elder man, not at all.
		-- Sir Francis Bacon, "Of Marriage and Single Life"


Subpoena, n.:
	From the root "sub", below, and the Latin "poena" for male
	organ or penis.  Therefore, "below the penis" or "by the balls."


	A circus foreman was making the rounds inspecting the big top when
a scrawny little man entered the tent and walked up to him.  "Are you the
foreman around here?" he asked timidly.  "I'd like to join your circus; I
have what I think is a pretty good act."
	The foreman nodded assent, whereupon the little man hurried over to
the main pole and rapidly climbed up to the very tip-top of the big top.
Drawing a deep breath, he hurled himself off into the air and began flapping
his arms furiously.  Amazingly, rather than plummeting to his death the little
man began to fly all around the poles, lines, trapezes and other obstacles,
performing astounding feats of aerobatics which ended in a long power dive
from the top of the tent, pulling up into a gentle feet-first landing beside
the foreman, who had been nonchalantly watching the whole time.
	"Well," puffed the little man.  "What do you think?"
	"That's all you do?" answered the foreman scornfully.  "Bird
imitations?"


An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


In this vale
Of toil and sin
Your head grows bald
But not your chin.
		-- Burma Shave


Populus vult decipi.
[The people like to be deceived.]


There's no justice in this world.
		-- Frank Costello, on the prosecution of "Lucky" Luciano
		   by New York district attorney Thomas Dewey after
		   Luciano had saved Dewey from assassination by Dutch
		   Schultz (by ordering the assassination of Schultz
		   instead)


A lost ounce of gold may be found, a lost moment of time never.


Champagne don't make me lazy.
Cocaine don't drive me crazy.
Ain't nobody's business but my own.
		-- Taj Mahal


They seem to have learned the habit of cowering before authority even when
not actually threatened.  How very nice for authority.  I decided not to
learn this particular lesson.
		-- Richard Stallman


He is not only dull himself, he is the cause of dullness in others.
		-- Samuel Johnson


When someone makes a move		We'll send them all we've got,
Of which we don't approve,		John Wayne and Randolph Scott,
Who is it that always intervenes?	Remember those exciting fighting scenes?
U.N. and O.A.S.,			To the shores of Tripoli,
They have their place, I guess,		But not to Mississippoli,
But first, send the Marines!		What do we do?  We send the Marines!

For might makes right,			Members of the corps
And till they've seen the light,	All hate the thought of war:
They've got to be protected,		They'd rather kill them off by
						peaceful means.
All their rights respected,		Stop calling it aggression--
Till somebody we like can be elected.	We hate that expression!
					We only want the world to know
					That we support the status quo;
					They love us everywhere we go,
					So when in doubt, send the Marines!
		-- Tom Lehrer, "Send The Marines"


Man who arrives at party two hours late
will find he has been beaten to the punch.


I came; I saw; I fucked up.


If you liked the Earth you'll love Heaven.


Try to find the real tense of the report you are reading:  Was it done, is
it being done, or is something to be done?  Reports are now written in four
tenses:  past tense, present tense, future tense, and pretense.  Watch for
novel uses of CONGRAM (CONtractor GRAMmer), defined by the imperfect past,
the insufficient present, and the absolutely perfect future.
		-- Amrom Katz


There are three possible parts to a date, of which at least two must be
offered: entertainment, food, and affection.  It is customary to begin
a series of dates with a great deal of entertainment, a moderate amount
of food, and the merest suggestion of affection.  As the amount of
affection increases, the entertainment can be reduced proportionately.
When the affection IS the entertainment, we no longer call it dating.
Under no circumstances can the food be omitted.
		-- Miss Manners' Guide to Excruciatingly Correct Behavior


Your computer account is overdrawn.  Please see Big Brother.


PLEASE DON'T SMOKE HERE!

Penalty: An early, lingering death from cancer,
	 emphysema, or other smoking-caused ailment.


It's more than magnificent -- it's mediocre.
		-- Sam Goldwyn


The fact that Hitler was a political genius unmasks the nature of politics
in general as no other can.
		-- Wilhelm Reich


Berkeley had what we called "copycenter," which is "take it down
to the copy center and make as many copies as you want."
		-- Kirk McKusick


The sooner you fall behind, the more time you'll have to catch up!


Ten years of rejection slips is nature's
way of telling you to stop writing.
		-- R. Geis


Cheops' Law:
	Nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget.


Men will fuck mud.
		-- Lenny Bruce


Stop me, before I kill again!


As many of you know, I am taking a class here at UNC on Personality.
One of the tests to determine personality in our book was so incredibly
useful and interesting, I just had to share it.

Answer each of the following items "true" or "false"

 1. I think beavers work too hard.
 2. I use shoe polish to excess.
 3. God is love.
 4. I like mannish children.
 5. I have always been disturbed by the sight of Lincoln's ears.
 6. I always let people get ahead of me at swimming pools.
 7. Most of the time I go to sleep without saying goodbye.
 8. I am not afraid of picking up door knobs.
 9. I believe I smell as good as most people.
10. Frantic screams make me nervous.
11. It's hard for me to say the right thing when I find myself in a room
    full of mice.
12. I would never tell my nickname in a crisis.
13. A wide necktie is a sign of disease.
14. As a child I was deprived of licorice.
15. I would never shake hands with a gardener.
16. My eyes are always cold.
17. Cousins are not to be trusted.
18. When I look down from a high spot, I want to spit.
19. I am never startled by a fish.
20. I have never gone to pieces over the weekend.


A book is the work of a mind, doing its work in the way that a mind deems
best.  That's dangerous.  Is the work of some mere individual mind likely to
serve the aims of collectively accepted compromises, which are known in the
schools as 'standards'?  Any mind that would audaciously put itself forth to
work all alone is surely a bad example for the students, and probably, if
not downright antisocial, at least a little off-center, self-indulgent,
elitist.  ... It's just good pedagogy, therefore, to stay away from such
stuff, and use instead, if film-strips and rap-sessions must be
supplemented, 'texts,' selected, or prepared, or adapted, by real
professionals.  Those texts are called 'reading material.'  They are the
academic equivalent of the 'listening material' that fills waiting-rooms,
and the 'eating material' that you can buy in thousands of convenient eating
resource centers along the roads.
		-- The Underground Grammarian


7:30, Channel 5: The Bionic Dog (Action/Adventure)
	The Bionic Dog drinks too much and kicks over the National
	Redwood Forest.


To be responsive at this time, though I will simply say, and therefore
this is a repeat of what I said previously, that which I am unable to
offer in response is based on information available to make no such
statement.


I thought Jackie O. was something you did in the bathroom.
		-- Strange de Jim


Today is the first day of the rest of your life.


Jimmy Carter, Ted Kennedy, Gary Hart, Joseph Biden and Michael Dukakis were
on a cruise down the Potomac when the ship struck a rock and began to sink.
	"Gentlemen," Carter said, "as good Christians, we should let the
women and children aboard the lifeboats first."
	"Fuck the women!" Kennedy shouted.
	"Do we have time?" Hart asked.
	"Do we have time?" Biden asked.
	"Did everyone hear that?" Dukakis asked.


She liked him; he was a man of many qualities, even if most of them
were bad.


Today is the first day of the rest of the mess.


Q:	What did one regular expression say to the other?
A:	.+


Never argue with a fool -- people might not be able to tell the difference.


Picking up a man in a bar is like a snowstorm, you never know when
he's coming, how many inches you'll get or how long he'll stay.


Did you hear they canceled Easter this year?
Found the body.


Round Numbers are always false.
		-- Samuel Johnson


Well, it's hard for a mere man to believe that woman doesn't have equal
rights.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


God is the tangential point between zero and infinity.
		-- Alfred Jarry


An eye in a blue face
Saw an eye in a green face.
"That eye is like this eye"
Said the first eye,
"But in low place,
Not in high place."


Playing an unamplified electric guitar is like strumming on a picnic
table.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Snake"


People who have what they want are very fond of telling people who haven't
what they want that they don't want it.
		-- Ogden Nash


Love ain't nothin' but sex misspelled.


Calvin Coolidge was the greatest man
who ever came out of Plymouth Corner, Vermont.
		-- Clarence Darrow


Write yourself a threatening letter and pen a defiant reply.


Dave has an aeroplane,
In which he likes to frisk.
Oh what a foolish boy,
His silly *.


We may not be able to persuade Hindus that Jesus and not Vishnu should govern
their spiritual horizon, nor Moslems that Lord Buddha is at the center of
their spiritual universe, nor Hebrews that Mohammed is a major prophet, nor
Christians that Shinto best expresses their spiritual concerns, to say
nothing of the fact that we may not be able to get Christians to agree among
themselves about their relationship to God.  But all will agree on a
proposition that they possess profound spiritual resources.  If, in addition,
we can get them to accept the further proposition that whatever form the
Deity may have in their own theology, the Deity is not only external, but
internal and acts through them, and they themselves give proof or disproof
of the Deity in what they do and think; if this further proposition can be
accepted, then we come that much closer to a truly religious situation on
earth.
		-- Norman Cousins, from his book "Human Options"


Any president should have the right to shoot
at least two people a year without explanation.
		-- Herbert Hoover, discussing the press


Two peanuts were walking through the New York.  One was assaulted.


Have you ever noticed that the people who are always trying
to tell you `there's a time for work and a time for play'
never find the time for play?


The three sexual positions during pregnancy.

During the first four months:	Missionary style
During the second four months:	Doggie style
And during the last month:	Coyote style

Coyote style?
	You sit by the hole and howl.


You are false data.


For children, a woman.
For pleasure, a boy.
For sheer ecstasy, a melon.


Genetics explains why you look like your father,
and if you don't, why you should.


Excerpt from a conversation between a customer support person and a
customer working for a well-known military-affiliated research lab:

Support:  "You're not our only customer, you know."
Customer: "But we're one of the few with tactical nuclear weapons."


Very few profundities can be expressed in less than 80 characters.


The flush toilet is the basis of Western civilization.
		-- Alan Coult


Politics are almost as exciting as war, and quite as
dangerous.  In war, you can only be killed once.
		-- Winston Churchill


I will not be briefed or debriefed, my underwear is my own.


GENIUS:
	Person clever enough to be born in the right place at the right
	time of the right sex and to follow up this advantage by saying
	all the right things to all the right people.


GURU:
	A person in T-shirt and sandals who took an elevator ride with
	a senior vice-president and is ultimately responsible for the
	phone call you are about to receive from your boss.


To a New Yorker, all Californians are blond, even the blacks.  There are,
in fact, whole neighborhoods that are zoned only for blond people.  The
only way to tell the difference between California and Sweden is that the
Swedes speak better English.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


The problem with people who have no vices is that generally you can
be pretty sure they're going to have some pretty annoying virtues.
		-- Elizabeth Taylor


It is a sobering thought that when Mozart was
my age, he had been dead for 2 years.
		-- Tom Lehrer


	A young couple jumped out of their car and dashed into the park.
They hurriedly found a secluded spot and began to make frenzied, passionate
love.  Shortly thereafter, as they were driving away, the young man turned
to her and said, "If I had known you were a virgin, I'd have taken more time."
	She replied, "If I had known you had more time, I'd have taken off
my pantyhose."


There are only two kinds of men -- the dead and the deadly.
		-- Helen Rowland


Expert, n.:
	Someone who comes from out of town and shows slides.


The Reverend Henry Ward Beecher
Called a hen a most elegant creature.
	The hen, pleased with that,
	Laid an egg in his hat --
And thus did the hen reward Beecher.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"When program is being tested, it is too late to make design changes."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Most people don't need a great deal of love
nearly so much as they need a steady supply.


OCEAN:
	A body of water occupying about two-thirds
	of a world made for man -- who has no gills.


For the first time we have a weapon that nobody has used for thirty years.
This gives me great hope for the human race.
		-- Harlan Ellison


When a girl can read the handwriting on
the wall, she may be in the wrong rest room.


Don't despise your poor relations, they may become suddenly rich one day.
		-- Josh Billings


A liberal is a person whose interests aren't at stake at the moment.
		-- Willis Player


Do not use the blue keys on this terminal.


It is considered normal to consecrate virginity in the
general and lust for its destruction in the particular.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(32) The fact that American intellectuals rue a victorious United States
     is frightening and ominous.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Trouble strikes in series of threes, but when working around the house the
next job after a series of three is not the fourth job -- it's the start of
a brand new series of three.


I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
		-- Publilius Syrus


People who think they know everything
greatly annoy those of us who do.


... Jesus cried with a loud voice: Lazarus, come forth; the bug hath been
found and thy program runneth.  And he that was dead came forth...
		-- John 11:43-44


