Marry in haste and everyone starts counting the months.


The fall of the USSR proves you wrong.
		-- Aryeh M. Friedman


The use of money is all the advantage there is to having money.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


I love dogs, but I hate Chihuahuas.  A Chihuahua isn't a dog.
It's a rat with a thyroid problem.


One of the first things school children in Texas learn is how to
compose a simple declarative sentence without the word "shit" in it.


In an age when the fashion is to be in love with yourself, confessing to
be in love with somebody else is an admission of unfaithfulness to one's
beloved.
		-- Russell Baker


Earl Wiener, 55, a University of Miami professor of management
science, telling the Airline Pilots Association (in jest) about
21st century aircraft:

	"The crew will consist of one pilot and a dog.  The pilot will
	nurture and feed the dog.  The dog will be there to bite the
	pilot if he touches anything.
		-- Fortune, Sept. 26, 1988


What this country needs is a dime that will buy a good five-cent bagel.


Why, Good Morning!  I'm the bluebird of fellatio!


When Dexter's on the Internet, can Hell be far behind?


Bucy's Law:
	Nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man.


The Least Successful Equal Pay Advertisement
	In 1976 the European Economic Community pointed out to the Irish
Government that it had not yet implemented the agreed sex equality
legislation.  The Dublin Government immediately advertised for an equal pay
enforcement officer.  The advertisement offered different salary scales for
men and women.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


FORTH IF HONK THEN


The deceased was killed by 1207.3557298 Volts AC RMS applied by
accident when he brushed against the output terminal of a John B.
Fluke Company High Voltage Calibrator.
		-- fictitious coroner's report by Mike Andrews


The course of true anything never does run smooth.
		-- Samuel Butler


MARTA SAYS THE INTERESTING thing about fly-fishing is that its two lives
connected by a thin strand.

Come on, Marta, grow up.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


It is very vulgar to talk like a dentist when one isn't a dentist.
It produces a false impression.
		-- Oscar Wilde


It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
		-- Alfred Adler


	The FIELD GUIDE to NORTH AMERICAN MALES

SPECIES:	Cranial Males
SUBSPECIES:	The Hacker (homo computatis)
Plumage:
	All clothes have a slightly crumpled look as though they came off the
	top of the laundry basket.  Style varies with status.  Hacker managers
	wear gray polyester slacks, pink or pastel shirts with wide collars,
	and paisley ties; staff wears cinched-up baggy corduroy pants, white
	or blue shirts with button-down collars, and penholder in pocket.
	Both managers and staff wear running shoes to work, and a black
	plastic digital watch with calculator.


Where there's a will, there's a relative.


Microwave oven?  Whaddya mean, it's a microwave oven?  I've been
watching Channel 4 on the thing for two weeks.


What the world *really* needs is a good Automatic Bicycle Sharpener.


Lady to Golf Pro: "I was stung by bees on your golf course!"
Pro:	"Ummm, well, where?"
Lady:	"Between the 1st and 2nd holes."
Pro:	"That's going to real tough to treat."


If you look like your driver's license photo -- see a doctor.
If you look like your passport photo -- it's too late for a doctor.


Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes.
		-- Dr. Warren Jackson, Director, UTCS


The good news is that the horse is dead, but your mother's pregnant.


There was a boy called Eustace Clarence Scrubb, and he almost deserved it.
		-- C. S. Lewis, "The Chronicles of Narnia"


There was a phone call for you.


Nothing succeeds like success.
		-- Alexandre Dumas


The aim of a joke is not to degrade the human being but to remind him that
he is already degraded.
		-- George Orwell


You will live a long, healthy, happy life and make bags of money.


Political T.V. commercials prove one thing: some candidates can tell
all their good points and qualifications in just 30 seconds.


Rhode's Law:
	When any principle, law, tenet, probability, happening, circumstance,
	or result can in no way be directly, indirectly, empirically, or
	circuitously proven, derived, implied, inferred, induced, deducted,
	estimated, or scientifically guessed, it will always for the purpose
	of convenience, expediency, political advantage, material gain, or
	personal comfort, or any combination of the above, or none of the
	above, be unilaterally and unequivocally assumed, proclaimed, and
	adhered to as absolute truth to be undeniably, universally, immutably,
	and infinitely so, until such time as it becomes advantageous to
	assume otherwise, maybe.


Fortune's Contribution of the Month to the Animal Rights Debate:

	I'll stay out of animals' way if they'll stay out of mine.
	"Hey you, get off my plate"
		-- Roger Midnight


ASCII:
	The control code for all beginning programmers and those who would
	become computer literate.  Etymologically, the term has come down as
	a contraction of the often-repeated phrase "ascii and you shall
	receive."
		-- Robb Russon


Testing can show the presence of bugs, but not their absence.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


There are strange things done in the midnight sun
	By the men who moil for gold;
The Arctic trails have their secret tales
	That would make your blood run cold;
The Northern Lights have seen queer sights,
	But the queerest they ever did see
Was that night on the marge of Lake Lebarge
	I cremated Sam McGee.
		-- Robert W. Service


I have more humility in my little finger than you have in your whole
_B_O_D_Y!
		-- from "Cerebus" #82


It is better to kiss an avocado than to get in a fight with an aardvark.


If we can ever make red tape nutritional, we can feed the world.
		-- R. Schaeberle, "Management Accounting"


Life is like a cucumber -- one moment it's
in your hand, the next it's up your ass.


Whatever became of Strange de Jim?  Well, he found a substitute for
cocaine: "You cover Q-tips with sandpaper and ram them up your
nostrils as far as they will go.  Then you sniff talcum powder while
shredding hundred dollar bills."
		-- Herb Caen


What is now proved was once only imagin'd.
		-- William Blake


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Woman:

 1. You can enjoy a beer all month.
 2. Beer stains wash out.
 3. Beer doesn't go crazy once a month.
 4. Beer never makes you wait.
 5. A beer doesn't get jealous when you grab another beer.
 6. Beer doesn't have a lawyer "in the family".
 7. A beer won't get upset if you come home with beer on your breath.
 8. Beer doesn't demand equality.
 9. Beer labels come off without a fight.
10. Beer doesn't mind being in the "wet spot" that IT left.


Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes.
		-- Dr. Warren Jackson, Director, UTCS


Menu, n.:
	A list of dishes which the restaurant has just run out of.


Trap full -- please empty.


Eat right, stay fit, and die anyway.


You will be divorced within a year.


Truly great madness can not be achieved without significant intelligence.
		-- Henrik Tikkanen


Russia has abolished God, but so far God has been more tolerant.
		-- John Cameron Swayze


Our country has plenty of good five-cent cigars,
but the trouble is they charge fifteen cents for them.


To everything there is a season, a time for every purpose under heaven:
A time to be born, and a time to die;
A time to plant, and a time to pluck what is planted;
A time to kill, and a time to heal;
A time to break down, and a time to build up;
A time to weep, and a time to laugh;
A time to mourn, and a time to dance;
A time to cast away stones, and a time to gather stones;
A time to embrace, and a time to refrain from embracing;
A time to gain, and a time to lose;
A time to keep, and a time to throw away;
A time to tear, and a time to sew;
A time to keep silence, and a time to speak;
A time to love, and a time to hate;
A time of war, and a time of peace.
		Ecclesiastes 3:1-9


Lizzie Borden took an axe,
And plunged it deep into the VAX;
Don't you envy people who
Do all the things _Y_O_U want to do?


Stress has been pinpointed as a major cause of illness.  To avoid overload
and burnout, keep stress out of your life.  Give it to others instead.  Learn
the "Gaslight" treatment, the "Are you talking to me?" technique, and the
"Do you feel okay?  You look pale." approach.  Start with negotiation and
implication.  Advance to manipulation and humiliation.  Above all, relax
and have a nice day.


"Lines that are parallel meet at Infinity!"
Euclid repeatedly, heatedly, urged.

Until he died, and so reached that vicinity:
in it he found that the damned things diverged.
		-- Piet Hein


Hear about...
	the guy who couldn't find his way to the orgy?  Just kind of lost
	his ball bearings.


Damned if I know.  And you can be fuckin' sure I'll never rent no car
from Avis again.
		-- Herbie Sperling, on the meaning of two pistols and an
		   axe used in three murders being found in the trunk of
		   his rented car.


Faith has never moved as much as a pin-head from the place it
ought to be according to tradition and the scriptures.  It is
the doubt that moved all the mountains.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


If that makes any sense to you, you have a big problem.
		-- C. Durance, Computer Science 234


While you don't greatly need the outside world, it's
still very reassuring to know that it's still there.


It is Fortune, not Wisdom, that rules man's life.


Our informal mission is to improve the love life of operators worldwide.
		-- Peter Behrendt, president of Exabyte


And prively he caughte hire by the queynte,
And heeld hire harde by the haunche-bones.
		-- Geoffrey Chaucer, "The Miller's Tale"


I remember Ulysses well...  Left one day for the post office
to mail a letter, met a blonde named Circe on the streetcar,
and didn't come back for 20 years.


Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity.


There's more than one way to skin a cat:
	#15 -- Krazy Glue and a toothbrush.


Nobody's gonna believe that computers are intelligent until they start
coming in late and lying about it.


There are people who find it odd to eat four or five Chinese meals
in a row; in China, I often remind them, there are a billion or so
people who find nothing odd about it.
		-- Calvin Trillin


Jealousy is all the fun you think they have.


No problem is so formidable that you can't just walk away from it.
		-- C. Schulz


It has long been noticed that juries are pitiless for robbery and full of
indulgence for infanticide.  A question of interest, my dear Sir!  The jury
is afraid of being robbed and has passed the age when it could be a victim
of infanticide.
		-- Edmond About


Faith is under the left nipple.
		-- Martin Luther


Nolo contendere:
	A legal term meaning: "I didn't do it, judge, and I'll never do
	it again."


Change your thoughts and you change your world.


Minicomputer:
	A computer that can be afforded on the budget of a middle-level
	manager.


Not only is UNIX dead, it's starting to smell really bad.
		-- Rob Pike


It is by the fortune of God that, in this country, we have three benefits:
freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either.
		-- Mark Twain


I'm for bringing back the birch, but only for consenting adults.
		-- Gore Vidal


Being ugly isn't illegal.  Yet.


CONFUSION:
	One woman plus one left turn.
EXCITEMENT:
	Two women plus one secret.
BEDLAM:
	Three women plus one bargain.
CHAOS:
	Four women plus one luncheon check.


Desist from enumerating your fowl
prior to their emergence from the shell.


If one inquires why the American tradition is so strong against any connection
of State and Church, why it dreads even the rudiments of religious teaching
in state-maintained schools, the immediate and superficial answer is not
far to seek. ...  The cause lay largely in the diversity and vitality of the
various denominations, each fairly sure that, with a fair field and no favor,
it could make its own way; and each animated by a jealous fear that, if any
connection of State and Church were permitted, some rival denomination would
get an unfair advantage.
		-- John Dewey, "Democracy in the Schools", 1908


				FROM THE DESK OF
				Rapunzel

Dear Prince:

	Use ladder tonight --
	you're splitting my ends.


With every passing hour our solar system comes forty-three thousand
miles closer to globular cluster M13 in the constellation Hercules,
and still there are some misfits who continue to insist that there
is no such thing as progress.
		-- Ransom K. Ferm


We are Microsoft.  Unix is irrelevant.
Openness is futile.  Prepare to be assimilated.


It is the quality rather than the quantity that matters.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca


Remember that there is an outside world to see and enjoy.
		-- Hans Liepmann


Distinctive, adj.:
	A different color or shape than our competitors.


If there is a possibility of several things going wrong, the one that
will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong.


You will have a long and unpleasant discussion with your supervisor.


You buttered your bread, now lie in it!


You have the capacity to learn from mistakes.
You'll learn a lot today.


Having discovered the possibility that other creatures could be used
for sexual intercourse, early man was likely to have made many such
attempts ... though it is doubtful that he was so sexually carnivorous
as the Christian and Jewish Adam, who, rabbinical interpreters of the
Old Testament tell us, had intercourse with every creature before God
finally hit upon the idea of woman and created Eve.
		-- R. E. Masters


When I was younger, I could remember anything, whether it had happened
or not; but my faculties are decaying now and soon I shall be so I cannot
remember any but the things that never happened.  It is sad to go to
pieces like this but we all have to do it.
		-- Mark Twain


The use of money is all the advantage there is to having money.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


An interpretation I satisfies a sentence in the table language if and only if
each entry in the table designates the value of the function designated by the
function constant in the upper-left corner applied to the objects designated
by the corresponding row and column labels.
		-- Genesereth & Nilsson,
		   "Logical foundations of Artificial Intelligence"


First Rule of History:
	History doesn't repeat itself --
	historians merely repeat each other.


Support your local Search and Rescue unit -- get lost.


XXXVI:
	The thickness of the proposal required to win a multimillion dollar
	contract is about one millimeter per million dollars.  If all the
	proposals conforming to this standard were piled on top of each other
	at the bottom of the Grand Canyon it would probably be a good idea.
XXXVII:
	Ninety percent of the time things will turn out worse than you expect.
	The other 10 percent of the time you had no right to expect so much.
XXXVIII:
	The early bird gets the worm.
	The early worm ... gets eaten.
XXXIX:
	Never promise to complete any project within six months of the end of
	the year -- in either direction.
XL:
	Most projects start out slowly -- and then sort of taper off.
		-- Norman Augustine


Q:	How much money do you give to a 900 foot Jesus?
A:	As much as he wants.


If you put your supper dish to your ear you can hear the sounds of a
restaurant.
		-- Snoopy


Leadership involves finding a parade and getting in front of it; what
is happening in America is that those parades are getting smaller and
smaller -- and there are many more of them.
		-- John Naisbitt, "Megatrends"


CAPRICORN (Dec 22 - Jan 19)
	Play your hunches.  This is a day when luck will play an important
	part in your life.  If you were smarter, you wouldn't need so much
	luck and you wouldn't be reading your horoscope, either.  You are
	a suspicious person, and it will occur to you that astrologers
	don't know what they're talking about any more than your Aunt Martha.


A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS:

4. DO NOT COMPLAIN IF THE TREATMENT FAILS TO BRING RELIEF.
	You must believe that your doctor has achieved a deep insight into
	the true nature of your illness, which transcends any mere permanent
	disability you may have experienced.

5. NEVER ASK YOUR DOCTOR TO EXPLAIN WHAT HE IS DOING OR WHY HE IS DOING IT.
	It is presumptuous to assume that such profound matters could be
	explained in terms that you would understand.

6. SUBMIT TO NOVEL EXPERIMENTAL TREATMENT READILY.
	Though the surgery may not benefit you directly, the resulting
	research paper will surely be of widespread interest.


A perfectly honest woman, a woman who never flatters, who never manages,
who never cajoles, who never conceals, who never uses her eyes, who never
speculates on the effect which she produces, who never is conscious of
unspoken admiration, what a monster, I say, would such a female be!
		-- Thackeray


Love America - or give it back.


To every Ph.D. there is an equal and opposite Ph.D.
		-- B. Duggan


	A man dies and is getting his tour of heaven.  His guide is pointing
out the various features and landmarks when the man asks, "What's that cliff?"
	"Oh, you don't want to look down there.  That's hell!"
	The man creeps up to the edge and looks over.  He sees lush, green
valleys, verdant farmland and trees everywhere.  "This doesn't look so bad,"
he says.
	Puzzled, the guide comes over and looks down.  "Damn!" he snaps,
"Those Mormons have been irrigating again!"


The Official MBA Handbook on business cards:

	Avoid overly pretentious job titles such as "Lord of the
	Realm, Defender of the Faith, Emperor of India" or "Director
	of Corporate Planning."


The Army needs leaders the way a foot needs a big toe.
		-- Bill Murray


I have a friend whose a billionaire.  He invented Cliff's notes.  When
I asked him how he got such a great idea he said, "Well first I...
I just... to make a long story short..."
		-- Steven Wright


The major difference between bonds and bond traders is that the
bonds will eventually mature.


Of course you can't flap your arms and fly to the moon.
After awhile you'd run out of air to push against.


I do not take drugs -- I am drugs.
		-- Salvador Dali


No woman can endure a gambling husband, unless he is a steady winner.
		-- Lord Thomas Robert Dewar


The Commandments of the EE:

5:	Take care that thou useth the proper method when thou takest the
	measures of high-voltage circuits too, that thou dost not incinerate
	both thee and thy test meter, for verily, though thou has no company
	property number and can be easily surveyed, the test meter has
	one and, as a consequence, bringeth much woe unto a purchasing agent.
6:	Take care that thou tamperest not with interlocks and safety devices,
	for this incurreth the wrath of the chief electrician and bring
	the fury of the engineers on his head.
7:	Work thou not on energized equipment for if thou doest so, thy
	friends will surely be buying beers for thy widow and consoling
	her in certain ways not generally acceptable to thee.
8:	Verily, verily I say unto thee, never service equipment alone,
	for electrical cooking is a slow process and thou might sizzle in
	thy own fat upon a hot circuit for hours on end before thy maker
	sees fit to end thy misery and drag thee into his fold.


Konrad Lorenz, the great animal behaviorist, was scrupulous about cultivating
fruitful confusion.  Lorenz lived among his research subjects:  dozens of
species of mammals, birds, reptiles, and fishes.  He did not quantify, control,
or consciously experiment.  He got to know each creature individually, then
threw them together, watching for the unexpected, the unusual, or the bizarre
in the chaos that followed.  For example, his interest in one of ethology's
most important concepts, that of intention movements (motions with meaning,
such as the head bobbing in birds that serves as an alarm signal before
flight), derived from an inadvertent experiment.  He had trained a free-flying
raven to eat raw meat from his hand and had been feeding the bird for several
hours one day.  He would reach into his pants pocket and take out a piece of
meat, and the raven would swoop down to grab it in its bill.  By and by, Lorenz
went to relieve himself near a hedge.  When the raven saw him put his hand
into his pants and pull out another morsel of meat, it swooped down, hungrily
grasping the new mouthful in its bill.  Lorenz howled in pain.  But the event
left a deep impression on him -- about how faithfully animals respond to
intention movements, that is.
		-- The Sciences, May/June, 1988, N.Y. Academy of Science


Lies!  All lies!  You're all lying against my boys!
		-- Ma Barker


Life should not be a journey to the grave with the intention
of arriving safely in a pretty and well preserved body, but
rather to skid in broadside, thoroughly used up, totally worn out,
and loudly proclaiming --WOW---What A RIDE!!


Back in '80 or '81 the workers were rioting in Gdansk and there were fears
that the Soviets would invade Poland to put down the demonstrations.  Foreign
correspondents were curious as to just what the Poles would do if they were
invaded.  They asked, "What will you do if the East Germans invade from the
West and the Soviets invade from the East?  Who will you fight first?"
	To which the Poles replied, "Why, we will fight the Germans first.
Business before pleasure."


We're deep into the holiday gift-giving season, as you can tell from
the fact that everywhere you look, you see jolly old St. Nick urging
you to purchase things, to the point where you want to slug him right
in his bowl full of jelly.
		-- Dave Barry, "Simple, Homespun Gifts"


