Matter cannot be created or destroyed,
nor can it be returned without a receipt.


The Ken Thompson school of thought on expert systems:
there's table lookup, fraud, and grand fraud.
		-- Andrew Hume


THE WORST HOMING PIGEON

This historic bird was released in Pembrokeshire in June 1953 and was
expected to reach its base that evening.  It was returned by post, dead,
in a cardboard box eleven years later from Brazil.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Q:	What do they call the alphabet in Arkansas?
A:	The impossible dream.


	The Minnesota Board of Education voted to consider requiring all
students to do some "volunteer work" as a prerequisite to high school gradu-
ation.
	Senator Orrin Hatch said that "capital punishment is our society's
recognition of the sanctity of human life."

	According to the tax bill signed by President Reagan on December 22,
1987, Don Tyson and his sister-in-law Barbara run a "family farm."  Their
"farm" has 25,000 employees and grosses $1.7 billion a year.  But as a "family
farm" they get tax breaks that save them $135 million a year.

	Scott L. Pickard, spokesperson for the Massachusetts Department of
Public Works, calls them "ground-mounted confirmatory route markers."  You
probably call them road signs, but then you don't work in a government agency.

	It's not "elderly" or "senior citizens" anymore.  Now it's "chrono-
logically experienced citizens."

	According to the FAA, the propeller blade didn't break off, it was
just a case of "uncontained blade liberation."
		-- Quarterly Review of Doublespeak (NCTE)


If God had wanted us to use the metric system, Jesus would have had 10
apostles.


As of next Tuesday, C will be flushed in favor of COBOL.
Please update your programs.


Q:	What's the difference between a man and the weekend?
A:	The weekend never comes too soon.


How to become a sysop:
	I grew a beard, started wearing only t-shirts and jeans, and
	developed a surly attitude. The group accepted me, and I've never
	worked a full day in my life since then.
		-- rho/slashdot


Political speeches are like steer horns.  A point
here, a point there, and a lot of bull in between.
		-- Alfred E. Neuman


QOTD:
	"She's about as smart as bait."


Nachman's Rule:
	When it comes to foreign food, the less authentic the better.
		-- Gerald Nachman


Women want their men to be cops.  They want you to punish them and tell
them what the limits are.  The only thing that women hate worse from a man
than being slapped is when you get on your knees and say you're sorry.
		-- Mort Sahl


I might have gone to West Point, but I was too proud to speak to a
congressman.
		-- Will Rogers


I had a virgin once.  I had to go to Guatemala for her.  She was blind
in one eye, and she had a stuffed alligator that said, "Welcome to Miami
Beach."
		-- The Stunt Man


It is Mr. Mellon's credo that $200,000,000 can do no wrong.  Our
offense consists in doubting it.
		-- Justice Robert H. Jackson


Power tends to corrupt, absolute power corrupts absolutely.
		-- Lord Acton


Go placidly amid the noise and waste, and remember what value there may
be in owning a piece thereof.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


When eating an elephant take one bite at a time.
		-- Gen. C. Abrams


Stamp out organized crime!!  Abolish the IRS.


Old programmers never die, they just branch to a new address.


If they think you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical,
go crude.  I'm a very technical boy.  So I get as crude as possible.  These
days, though, you have to be pretty technical before you can even aspire
to crudeness...
		-- Johnny Mnemonic


We are what we are.


In love, she who gives her portrait promises the original.
		-- Bruton


Save Soviet Jewry -- Win Valuable Prizes!!!!


Q:	What goes
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
A:	Stevie Wonder doing the Rubik's Cube.


A man would still do something out of sheer perversity - he would create
destruction and chaos - just to gain his point... and if all this could in
turn be analyzed and prevented by predicting that it would occur, then man
would deliberately go mad to prove his point.
		-- Feodor Dostoevsky, "Notes From the Underground"


Sacred cows make great hamburgers.


Live within your income, even if you have to borrow to do so.
		-- Josh Billings


Life is like a shit sandwich.  The more bread
you have, the less shit you have to eat.


"I wonder", he said to himself, "what's in a book while it's closed.  Oh, I
know it's full of letters printed on paper, but all the same, something must
be happening, because as soon as I open it, there's a whole story with people
I don't know yet and all kinds of adventures and battles."
		-- Bastian B. Bux


Half the world is composed of people who have something to say and can't,
and the other half who have nothing to say and keep on saying it.


You'll be a guest at a gay party.
That will have important consequences for you.


Laws of Computer Programming:
	1. Any given program, when running, is obsolete.
	2. Any given program costs more and takes longer.
	3. If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.
	4. If a program is useless, it will have to be documented.
	5. Any given program will expand to fill all available memory.
	6. The value of a program is proportional the weight of its output.
	7. Program complexity grows until it exceeds the capability of
		the programmer who must maintain it.


Remember kids, if there's a loaded gun in the room, be sure
that you're the one holding it.
		-- Mr. Greenfatigues


VI:
	A hungry dog hunts best.
	A hungrier dog hunts even better.
VII:
	Decreased business base increases overhead.
	So does increased business base.
VIII:
	The most unsuccessful four years in the education of a cost-estimator
	is fifth grade arithmetic.
IX:
	Acronyms and abbreviations should be used to the maximum extent
	possible to make trivial ideas profound.  Q.E.D.
X:
	Bulls do not win bull fights; people do.
	People do not win people fights; lawyers do.
		-- Norman Augustine


Beauty is one of the rare things which does not lead to doubt of God.
		-- Jean Anouilh


Remember -- only 10% of anything can be in the top 10%.


I don't know why women get so upset, they have half the
money and all the pussy.
		-- Gary Bussy, "DC Cab"


Of course it's possible to love a human being
if you don't know them too well.
		-- Charles Bukowski


An idle mind is worth two in the bush.


Sure there are dishonest men in local government.  But there are dishonest
men in national government too.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


The sex life of spiders is very interesting.
He fucks her.
She bites his head off.
		-- From a Women's Lib Poster


Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes, and not rather
a new wearer of clothes.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


Sleep -- the most beautiful experience in life -- except drink.
		-- W. C. Fields


Not only is UNIX dead, it's starting to smell really bad.
		-- Rob Pike


You can fool some of the people some of the time,
and some of the people all of the time, and that is sufficient.


Profanity is the one language all programmers know best.


Elevators smell different to midgets.


It was the first day of a new term at Princeton, and a Texas A&M freshman
was learning his way around the campus.  Stopping a distinguished looking
upperclassman, he inquired,
	"Say, buddy, can you tell me where the library is at?"
	"My good fellow," came the reply, "at Princeton we do not end our
sentences with a preposition."
	"All right," said the freshman, "can you tell me where the library
is at, asshole?"


I get my exercise acting as pallbearer to my friends who exercise.
		-- Chauncey Depew


Howard Cosell's biggest protrusion is his asshole.
		-- John Valby


RAM wasn't built in a day.


To say that UNIX is doomed is pretty rabid, OS/2 will certainly play a role,
but you don't build a hundred million instructions per second multiprocessor
micro and then try to run it on OS/2.  I mean, get serious.
		-- William Zachmann, International Data Corp


Can anything be sadder than work left unfinished?
Yes, work never begun.


FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #23

	Don't cut off a police car when making an illegal U-turn.


The sudden sight of me causes panic in the streets. They have
yet to learn - only the savage fears what he does not understand.
		-- The Silver Surfer


QOTD:
	"I looked out my window, and saw Kyle Pettys' car upside down,
	then I thought `One of us is in real trouble.'"
		-- Davey Allison, on a 150 m.p.h. crash


A diplomat's life consists of three things: protocol, Geritol, and alcohol.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


Two rights don't make a wrong, they make an airplane.


There are three principal ways to lose money: wine, women, and
engineers.  While the first two are more pleasant, the third is by far
the more certain.
		-- Baron Rothschild, ca. 1800


Well, the handwriting is on the floor.
		-- Joe E. Lewis


I have a rock garden.  Last week three of them died.
		-- Richard Diran


If God didn't mean for us to juggle, tennis balls wouldn't come three
to a can.


The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher
esteem those who think alike than those who think differently.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


I love treason but hate a traitor.
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar


It was kinda like stuffing the wrong card in a computer,
when you're stickin' those artificial stimulants in your arm.
		-- Dion, noted computer scientist


We cannot put the face of a person on a stamp unless said person is
deceased.  My suggestion, therefore, is that you drop dead.
		-- James E. Day, Postmaster General


The real reason psychology is hard is that
psychologists are trying to do the impossible.


We had it tough ... I had to get up at 9 o'clock at night, half an
hour before I went to bed, eat a lump of dry poison, work 29 hours down
mill, and when we came home our Dad would kill us, and dance about on
our grave singing Hallelujah ...
		-- Monty Python


Westheimer's Discovery:
	A couple of months in the laboratory can
	frequently save a couple of hours in the library.


The ladies men admire, I've heard,
Would shudder at a wicked word.
Their candle gives a single light;
They'd rather stay at home at night.
They do not keep awake till three,
Nor read erotic poetry.
They never sanction the impure,
Nor recognize an overture.
They shrink from powders and from paints...
So far, I've had no complaints.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Mathematicians do it in groups.


The graveyards are full of indispensable men.
		-- Charles de Gaulle


Quidquid latine dictum sit, altum viditur.

(Whatever is said in Latin sounds profound.)


The most romantic thing any woman ever said to me in bed was
"Are you sure you're not a cop?"
		-- Larry Brown


Brooks' Law:
	Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later


Man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft...
and the only one that can be mass produced with unskilled labor.
		-- Wernher von Braun


Several years ago, some smart businessmen had an idea: Why not build a
big store where a do-it-yourselfer could get everything he needed at
reasonable prices?  Then they decided, nah, the hell with that, let's
build a home center.  And before long home centers were springing up
like crabgrass all over the United States.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Fats Loves Madelyn.


A good memory does not equal pale ink.


Living in California is like living in a bowl of granola.
What ain't flakes and nuts is fruits.


All the world's a VAX,
And all the coders merely butchers;
They have their exits and their entrails;
And one int in his time plays many widths,
His sizeof being _N bytes.  At first the infant,
Mewling and puking in the Regent's arms.
And then the whining schoolboy, with his Sun,
And shining morning face, creeping like slug
Unwillingly to school.
		-- A Very Annoyed PDP-11


I believe in sex and death -- two experiences that come once in a lifetime.
		-- Woody Allen


Mixed emotions:
	Watching your mother-in-law back off a cliff...
	in your brand new Mercedes.


I hear what you're saying but I just don't care.


Mum's the word.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


Absolutum obsoletum.  (If it works, it's out of date.)
		-- Stafford Beer


Don't let nobody tell you what you cannot do;
don't let nobody tell you what's impossible for you;
don't let nobody tell you what you got to do,
or you'll never know ... what's on the other side of the rainbow...
remember, if you don't follow your dreams,
you'll never know what's on the other side of the rainbow...
		-- melba moore, "the other side of the rainbow"


Those who can, do; those who can't, write.
Those who can't write work for the Bell Labs Record.


[Prime Minister Joseph] Chamberlain loves
the working man, he loves to see him work.
		-- Winston Churchill


That's always the way when you discover
something new; everyone thinks you're crazy.
		-- Evelyn E. Smith


The farther you go, the less you know.
		-- Lao Tsu, "Tao Te Ching"


A good sysadmin always carries around a few feet of fiber. If he ever
gets lost, he simply drops the fiber on the ground, waits ten minutes,
then asks the backhoe operator for directions.
		-- Bill Bradford <mrbill@mrbill.net>


We are all worms.  But I do believe I am a glowworm.
		-- Winston Churchill


Don't get to bragging.


Never be led astray onto the path of virtue.


The more things change, the more they'll never be the same again.


