Due to a mixup in urology, orange juice will not be served this morning.


I'm often asked the question, "Do you think there is extraterrestrial intelli-
gence?"  I give the standard arguments -- there are a lot of places out there,
and use the word *billions*, and so on.  And then I say it would be astonishing
to me if there weren't extraterrestrial intelligence, but of course there is as
yet no compelling evidence for it.  And then I'm asked, "Yeah, but what do you
really think?"  I say, "I just told you what I really think."  "Yeah, but
what's your gut feeling?"  But I try not to think with my gut.  Really, it's
okay to reserve judgment until the evidence is in.
		-- Carl Sagan


It is November first 1940; in the famous sound stage of THE WIZARD OF OZ on
the MGM lot, a little man is lying face-up on the yellow brick road.  His
wide eyes stare upward into the blinding stage lights.  He is wearing a
kind of comic soldier's uniform with a yellow coat and puffy sleeves and
big fez-like blue and yellow hat with a feather on top.  His yellow hair
and beard are the phony straw color of Hollywood.  He could pass for some
kind of cute in the typical tinsel-town way if it wasn't for the knife
sticking out of his chest.  *Someone had murdered a Munchkin.*
		-- Stuart Kaminsky, "Murder on the Yellow Brick Road"


When the Guru administers, the users
are hardly aware that he exists.
Next best is a sysop who is loved.
Next, one who is feared.
And worst, one who is despised.

If you don't trust the users,
you make them untrustworthy.

The Guru doesn't talk, he hacks.
When his work is done,
the users say, "Amazing:
we implemented it, all by ourselves!"


The reward of a thing well done is to have done it.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Entropy requires no maintenance.
		-- Markoff Chaney


We dedicate this book to our fellow citizens who, for love of truth,
take from their own wants by taxes and gifts, and now and then send
forth one of themselves as dedicated servant, to forward the search
into the mysteries and marvelous simplicities of this strange and
beautiful Universe, Our home.
		-- "Gravitation", Misner, Thorne, and Wheeler


There is an old time toast which is golden for its beauty.
"When you ascend the hill of prosperity may you not meet a friend."
		-- Mark Twain


Something better...

 1 (obvious): Excuse me.  Is that your nose or did a bus park on your face?
 2 (meteorological): Everybody take cover.  She's going to blow.
 3 (fashionable): You know, you could de-emphasize your nose if you wore
	something larger.  Like ... Wyoming.
 4 (personal): Well, here we are.  Just the three of us.
 5 (punctual): Alright gentlemen.  Your nose was on time but you were fifteen
	minutes late.
 6 (envious): Oooo, I wish I were you.  Gosh.  To be able to smell your
	own ear.
 7 (naughty): Pardon me, Sir.  Some of the ladies have asked if you wouldn't
	mind putting that thing away.
 8 (philosophical): You know.  It's not the size of a nose that's important.
	It's what's in it that matters.
 9 (humorous): Laugh and the world laughs with you.  Sneeze and its goodbye
	Seattle.
10 (commercial): Hi, I'm Earl Schibe and I can paint that nose for $39.95.
11 (polite): Ah.  Would you mind not bobbing your head.  The orchestra keeps
	changing tempo.
12 (melodic): Everybody! "He's got the whole world in his nose."
		-- Steve Martin, "Roxanne"


The mark of a good party is that you wake up the next morning
wanting to change your name and start a new life in different city.
		-- Vance Bourjaily, "Esquire"


The Grecians were famed for fine art,
And buildings and stonework so smart.
	They distinguished with poise
	The men from the boys,
And used crowbars to keep them apart.


The world is coming to an end.  Please log off.


Genius does what it must, and Talent does what it can.
		-- Owen Meredith


In breeding cattle you need one bull for every twenty-five cows, unless
the cows are known sluts.
		-- Johnny Carson


For the fashion of Minas Tirith was such that it was built on seven levels,
each delved into a hill, and about each was set a wall, and in each wall
was a gate.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien, "The Return of the King"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to system overview.]



If God had meant for us to have group sex, he'd have given us more organs.
		-- Malcolm Bradbury


The most happy marriage I can imagine to myself would be the union
of a deaf man to a blind woman.
		-- Samuel T. Coleridge


	"Are you police officers?"
	"No, ma'am.  We're musicians."
		-- The Blues Brothers


Knowledge is power.
		-- Francis Bacon


The egg cream is psychologically the opposite of circumcision -- it
*pleasurably* reaffirms your Jewishness.
		-- Mel Brooks


Murphy's Law of Research:
	Enough research will tend to support your theory.


It is better to have Uranus in Cancer than to have Cancer in Uranus.


Spelling is a lossed art.


	Obviously the subject of death was in the air, but more as something
to be avoided than harped upon.
	Possibly the horror that Zaphod experienced at the prospect of being
reunited with his deceased relatives led on to the thought that they might
just feel the same way about him and, what's more, be able to do something
about helping to postpone this reunion.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the End of the Universe"


During the Reagan-Mondale debates:

Q:	"Do you feel that a person's age affects his ability to
		perform as president?"
Reagan:	"I refuse to make an issue out of my opponent's youth and
		inexperience."


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"Let the programmer be many and the managers few -- then all will
	be productive."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Comparing information and knowledge is like asking whether the fatness
of a pig is more or less green than the designated hitter rule."
		-- David Guaspari


sillema sillema nika su
[translation: look it up...hint-fin]


Pereant, inquit, qui ante nos nostra dixerunt.
[Confound those who have said our remarks before us.]
or
[May they perish who have expressed our bright ideas before us.]
		-- Aelius Donatus


I acted to show my love for Jodie Foster.
		-- John Hinckley


Excess on occasion is exhilarating.  It prevents moderation from
acquiring the deadening effect of a habit.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham


Well buggered was a boy named Delpasse
By all of the lads in his class
	He said, with a yawn,
	"Now the novelty's gone
And it's only a pain in the ass."


Marijuana is nature's way of saying, "Hi!".


Life only demands from you the strength you possess.
Only one feat is possible -- not to have run away.
		-- Dag Hammarskjold


You will obey or molten silver will be poured into your ears.


Q:	What is green and comes in Brownies?
A:	Boy Scouts.


All is fear in love and war.


Better to be nouveau than never to have been riche at all.


They told me you had proven it		When they discovered our results
About a month before.			Their hair began to curl
The proof was valid, more or less	Instead of understanding it
But rather less than more.		We'd run the thing through PRL.

He sent them word that we would try	Don't tell a soul about all this
To pass where they had failed		For it must ever be
And after we were done, to them		A secret, kept from all the rest
The new proof would be mailed.		Between yourself and me.

My notion was to start again
Ignoring all they'd done
We quickly turned it into code
To see if it would run.


Just once I would like to persuade the audience not to wear any article of
blue denim.  If only they could see themselves in a pair of brown corduroys
like mine instead of this awful, boring blue denim.  I don't enjoy the sky
or sea as much as I used to because of this Levi character.  If Jesus Christ
came back today, He and I would get into our brown corduroys and go to the
nearest jean store and overturn the racks of blue denim.  Then we'd get
crucified in the morning.
		-- Ian Anderson, of Jethro Tull


Don't try to have the last word -- you might get it.
		-- Lazarus Long


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #19:

Q:  Doctor, how many autopsies have you performed on dead people?
A:  All my autopsies have been performed on dead people.


Bank error in your favor.  Collect $200.


Why won't you let me kiss you goodnight?  Is it something I said?
		-- Tom Ryan


Democracy can learn some things from Communism: for example, when a
Communist politician is through, he is through.


Old age is always fifteen years older than I am.
		-- Bernard Baruch


Don't hit a man when he's down -- kick him; it's easier.


Hear about...
	the man who never worried about his marriage until he moved from New
	York to California and discovered that he still had the same milkman?


Il y avait un jeune homme de dijon,
Qui n'avait que peu de religion.
	Il dit:"quant a' moi,
	Je deteste tous les trois,
Le pere, et le fils, et le pigeon-"


The partition of Vavasour Scowles
Was a sickener: they came on his bowels
	In a firkin; his brain
	Was found clogging a drain,
And his toes were inside of some towels.
		-- Edward Gorey


If you love something set it free.  If it doesn't
come back to you, hunt it down and kill it.


Programming is an unnatural act.


In her first passion woman loves her lover,
In all the others all she loves is love.
		-- George Gordon, Lord Byron, "Don Juan"


Death has been proven to be 99% fatal in laboratory rats.


The most romantic thing any woman ever said to me in bed was
"Are you sure you're not a cop?"
		-- Larry Brown


In this world there are only two tragedies.  One is
not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it.
		-- Oscar Wilde


There never was a good war or a bad peace.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


An attorney was defending his client against a charge of first-degree
murder.  "Your Honor, my client is accused of stuffing his lover's
mutilated body into a suitcase and heading for the Mexican border.
Just north of Tijuana a cop spotted her hand sticking out of the
suitcase.  Now, I would like to stress that my client is *not* a
murderer.  A sloppy packer, maybe..."


In this world of sin and sorrow there is always something to be
thankful for; as for me, I rejoice that I am not a Republican.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Grand Master Turing once dreamed that he was a machine.  When he awoke
he exclaimed:
	"I don't know whether I am Turing dreaming that I am a machine,
	or a machine dreaming that I am Turing!"
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


GURU:
	A person in T-shirt and sandals who took an elevator ride with
	a senior vice-president and is ultimately responsible for the
	phone call you are about to receive from your boss.


Gold's Law:
	If the shoe fits, it's ugly.


Justice always prevails ... three times out of seven!
		-- Michael J. Wagner


If she had not been cupric in her ions,
Her shape ovoidal,
Their romance might have flourished.
But he built tetrahedral in his shape,
His ions ferric,
Love could not help but die,
Uncatalyzed, inert, and undernourished.


New York:
	Where men are men, sheep enjoy it, and lepers laugh their heads off.


The best way to avoid responsibility is to say, "I've got responsibilities."


Democracy can learn some things from Communism: for example, when a
Communist politician is through, he is through.


	Them Toad Suckers

How 'bout them toad suckers, ain't they clods?
Sittin' there suckin' them green toady frogs!

Suckin' them hop toads, suckin' them chunkers,
Suckin' them a leapy type, suckin' them flunkers.

Look at them toad suckers, ain't they snappy?
Suckin' them bog frogs sure make's 'em happy!

Them hugger mugger toad suckers, way down south,
Stickin' them sucky toads in they mouth!

How to be a toad sucker, no way to duck it,
Get yourself a toad, rear back, and suck it!
		-- Mason Williams


	"Darling," he breathed, "after making love I doubt if I'll
be able to get over you -- so would you mind answering the phone?"


Our staff proctologist, Dr. Barr,
Has invented a new kind of car.
	With a tank full of shit
	There's no stopping it --
For short trips, two poots take you far.


	It took 300 years to build and by the time it was 10% built,
everyone knew it would be a total disaster. But by then the investment
was so big they felt compelled to go on. Since its completion, it has
cost a fortune to maintain and is still in danger of collapsing.
	There are at present no plans to replace it, since it was never
really needed in the first place.
	I expect every installation has its own pet software which is
analogous to the above.
		-- K. E. Iverson, on the Leaning Tower of Pisa


It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one.


It's not the valleys in life I dread so much as the dips.
		-- Garfield


It's hard to keep your shirt on when
you're getting something off your chest.


Someone whom you reject today, will reject you tomorrow.


We gotta get out of this place,
If it's the last thing we ever do.
		-- The Animals


It is not doing the thing we like to do, but liking the thing we have to do,
that makes life blessed.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


A newspaper is a circulating library with high blood pressure.
		-- Arthure "Bugs" Baer


If you understand what you're doing, you're not learning anything.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Winning isn't everything, but losing isn't anything.


The debate rages on: Is PL/I Bachtrian or Dromedary?


You are sick, twisted and perverted.
I like that in a person.


You need only reflect that one of the best ways to get yourself a
reputation as a dangerous citizen these days is to go about repeating
the very phrases which our founding fathers used in the struggle for
independence.
		-- Charles A. Beard


Fly me away to the bright side of the moon ...


A man needs a mistress, just to break the monogamy.


In a great romance, each person basically plays a part that the
other really likes.
		-- Elizabeth Ashley


I can't believe that out of 100,000 sperm, you were the quickest.
		-- Steven Pearl


Most legislators are so dumb that they couldn't pour piss out of a
boot if the instructions were printed on the heel.


When you say that you agree to a thing in principle, you mean that
you have not the slightest intention of carrying it out in practice.
		-- Otto von Bismarck


A drunk was sitting at the end of the bar in a popular singles' place,
watching a young, good-looking man working his way through the women.  The
guy didn't appear to be having much luck, and he was only spending a few
moments with each woman.  As he worked his way closer, while he couldn't
hear what the young man was saying, he realized that the women were somewhat
shocked at his approach.  Finally, the man approaches a pretty brunette and
they hit it off immediately.  After a bit of quiet conversation, she handed
the young man her hotel key and they started off for the elevators.  As they
passed the drunk, he stopped the lucky one and asked him what his method was.
	"Well," the man replied, "It's simple.  You say 'Tickle your ass
with a feather?'  If she sounds interested, you take it from there.  If she
sounds angry, you smile and say 'Typically nasty weather.'"
	The drunk says "Ohhhhh, got it, I got it!" and walks over to a woman
at the end of the bar to try out his new approach.  Getting her attention,
he smiles and says "Fuck me!"
	"What?!?!?" she screams.
	"Raining like hell, isn't it?"


Q:	What's black and white and red all over?
A:	Two nuns in a chainsaw fight.


In the space of one hundred and seventy-six years the Mississippi has
shortened itself two hundred and forty-two miles.  Therefore ... in the Old
Silurian Period the Mississippi River was upward of one million three hundred
thousand miles long ... seven hundred and forty-two years from now the
Mississippi will be only a mile and three-quarters long.  ... There is
something fascinating about science.  One gets such wholesome returns of
conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact.
		-- Mark Twain


Satyrs have more faun.


Sex is like pizza -- when it's good, it's great; and when it's bad,
it's still darn tasty!


A joint is just tea for two.


The difference between women and girls
is as much as twenty years in some states.


	Approaching the gates of the monastery, Hakuin found Ken the Zen
preaching to a group of disciples.
	"Words..." Ken orated, "they are but an illusory veil obfuscating
the absolute reality of --"
	"Ken!" Hakuin interrupted. "Your fly is down!"
	Whereupon the Clear Light of Illumination exploded upon Ken, and he
vaporized.
	On the way to town, Hakuin was greeted by an itinerant monk imbued
with the spirit of the morning.
	"Ah," the monk sighed, a beatific smile wrinkling across his cheeks,
"Thou art That..."
	"Ah," Hakuin replied, pointing excitedly, "And Thou art Fat!"
	Whereupon the Clear Light of Illumination exploded upon the monk,
and he vaporized.
	Next, the Governor sought the advice of Hakuin, crying: "As our
enemies bear down upon us, how shall I, with such heartless and callow
soldiers as I am heir to, hope to withstand the impending onslaught?"
	"US?" snapped Hakuin.
	Whereupon the Clear Light of Illumination exploded upon the
Governor, and he vaporized.
	Then, a redneck went up to Hakuin and vaporized the old Master with
his shotgun.  "Ha! Beat ya' to the punchline, ya' scrawny li'l geek!"


At first sight, the idea of any rules or principles being superimposed on
the creative mind seems more likely to hinder than to help, but this is
quite untrue in practice.  Disciplined thinking focuses inspiration rather
than blinkers it.
		-- G. L. Glegg, "The Design of Design"


Plaese porrf raed.
		-- Prof. Michael O'Longhlin, S.U.N.Y. Purchase


Maybe Computer Science should be in the College of Theology.
		-- R. S. Barton


If at first you fricassee, fry, fry again.


FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #8

	Don't wear your high heels while making love on the pool table.


FreeBSD: putting the horse before the cart since 1992.
		-- Warner Losh


If a camel is a horse designed by a committee, then a consensus forecast
is a camel's behind.
		-- Edgar R. Fiedler


He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes.


Courage is grace under pressure.


Not drinking, chasing women, or doing drugs won't
make you live longer -- it just seems that way.


SENILITY:
	The state of mind of elderly persons
	with whom one happens to disagree.


Deprive a mirror of its silver and even the Czar won't see his face.


Too bad all the people who know how to run the country are busy
driving cabs and cutting hair.
		-- George Burns


Oh, yeah, life goes on, long after the thrill of livin' is gone.
		-- John Cougar, "Jack and Diane"


There's no sense in being precise when you don't even know
what you're talking about.
		-- John von Neumann


Kill your parents.
		-- Jerry Rubin


If a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far.
		-- Paul White


Gordon's first law:
	If a research project is not worth doing, it is not worth doing
	well.


His followers called him Mahasamatman and said he was a god.  He preferred
to drop the Maha- and the -atman, however, and called himself Sam.  He never
claimed to be a god.  But then, he never claimed not to be a god.  Circum-
stances being what they were, neither admission could be of any benefit.
Silence, though, could.  It was in the days of the rains that their prayers
went up, not from the fingering of knotted prayer cords or the spinning of
prayer wheels, but from the great pray-machine in the monastery of Ratri,
goddess of the Night.  The high-frequency prayers were directed upward through
the atmosphere and out beyond it, passing into that golden cloud called the
Bridge of the Gods, which circles the entire world, is seen as a bronze
rainbow at night and is the place where the red sun becomes orange at midday.
Some of the monks doubted the orthodoxy of this prayer technique...
		-- Roger Zelazny, "Lord of Light"


