BASIC is to computer programming as QWERTY is to typing.
		-- Seymour Papert


Remember, DESSERT is spelled with two `s's while DESERT is spelled
with one, because EVERYONE wants two desserts, but NO ONE wants two
deserts.
		-- Miss Oglethorp, Gr. 5, PS. 59


The rules:

1:  Thou shalt not worship other computer systems.
2:  Thou shalt not impersonate Liberace or eat watermelon while sitting at
	the console keyboard.
3:  Thou shalt not slap users on the face, nor staple their silly little
	card decks together.
4:  Thou shalt not get physically involved with the computer system,
	especially if you're already married.
5:  Thou shalt not use magnetic tapes as Frisbees, nor use a disk pack as
	a stool to reach another disk pack.
6:  Thou shalt not stare at the blinking lights for more than one 8 hour
	shift.
7:  Thou shalt not tell users that you accidentally destroyed their
	files/backup just to see the look on their little faces.
8:  Thou shalt not enjoy canceling a job.
9:  Thou shalt not display firearms in the computer room.
10: Thou shalt not push buttons "just to see what happens".


There's little in taking or giving,
	There's little in water or wine:
This living, this living, this living,
	Was never a project of mine.
Oh, hard is the struggle, and sparse is
	The gain of the one at the top,
For art is a form of catharsis,
	And love is a permanent flop,
And work is the province of cattle,
	And rest's for a clam in a shell,
So I'm thinking of throwing the battle --
	Would you kindly direct me to hell?
		-- Dorothy Parker


The mature Bohemian is one whose woman works full time.


The divinity of Jesus is made a convenient cover for absurdity.  Nowhere in
the Gospels do we find a precept for Creeds, Confessions, Oaths, Doctrines,
and whole carloads of other foolish trumpery that we find in Christianity.
		-- John Adams


The worst sin towards our fellow creatures is not to hate them,
but to be indifferent to them; that's the essence of inhumanity.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Biology is the only science in which
multiplication means the same thing as division.


In the Old West a wagon train is crossing the plains.  As night falls the
wagon train forms a circle, and a campfire is lit in the middle.  After
everyone has gone to sleep two lone cavalry officers stand watch over the
camp.
	After several hours of quiet, they hear war drums starting from
a nearby Indian village they had passed during the day.  The drums get
louder and louder.
	Finally one soldier turns to the other and says, "I don't like
the sound of those drums."
	Suddenly, they hear a cry come from the Indian camp:  "IT'S
NOT OUR REGULAR DRUMMER."


Once he had one leg in the White House and the nation trembled under his
roars.  Now he is a tinpot pope in the Coca-Cola belt and a brother to the
forlorn pastors who belabor halfwits in galvanized iron tabernacles behind
the railroad yards."
		-- H. L. Mencken, writing of William Jennings Bryan,
		   counsel for the supporters of Tennessee's anti-evolution
		   law at the Scopes "Monkey Trial" in 1925.


The party adjourned to a hot tub, yes.  Fully clothed, I might add.
		-- IBM employee, testifying in California State Supreme Court


	A business executive is consumed by jealousy: he suspects his wife
of cheating on him.  The suspicion grows and grows, and one morning as he
drives to work he can't take it any more.  He thinks to himself, "she
probably just waited until I left so she could meet with her lover."
	When he gets to his office, he calls home.  The maid answers.  He
says, "Hello.  Is my wife there?"
	"Yes, sir", the maid whispers.
	"Is she with her lover?"
	The maid pauses, and then says, "Yes, sir, she is, and I must say
that I feel terrible about how she treats you."
	The man yells, "That no good **#*&!!.  If you feel as badly as you
say you do, you must do this for me: go to my dresser and get my gun.  Check
to make sure that it's loaded.  Then go upstairs and shoot both that cheating
two-timing whore and her lover.  Dispose of the gun, and then come back to
the phone and tell me that it's over.  Don't worry -- I'll protect you."
The man hears footsteps, a drawer being opened, a click, more footsteps,
silence... and then two shots.  More footsteps.  Finally the maid comes back
to the phone and says "It's done."
	The man asks, "What did you do with the gun?"
	"I threw it behind the statue in the garden", the maid replies.
	"Statue in the garden?  Say, what number is this, anyway?"


I'm against group sex because I wouldn't know where to put my elbows.
		-- Martin Cruz Smith


I exist, therefore I am paid.


QOTD:
	"A child of 5 could understand this!  Fetch me a child of 5."


I never deny, I never contradict.  I sometimes forget.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli, British PM, on dealing with the
		   Royal Family


For example, if \thinmskip = 3mu, this makes \thickmskip = 6mu.  But if
you also want to use \skip12 for horizontal glue, whether in math mode or
not, the amount of skipping will be in points (e.g., 6pt).  The rule is
that glue in math mode varies with the size only when it is an \mskip;
when moving between an mskip and ordinary skip, the conversion factor
1mu=1pt is always used.  The meaning of '\mskip\skip12' and
'\baselineskip=\the\thickmskip' should be clear.
		-- Donald E. Knuth, TeX 82 -- Comparison with TeX80


Save a little money each month and at the end of the year you'll be
surprised at how little you have.
		-- Ernest Haskins


Hear about...
	the guy who couldn't find his way to the orgy?  Just kind of lost
	his ball bearings.


	"Mind if I smoke?"
	"I don't care if you burst into flames and die!"


Nice guys finish last.
		-- Leo Durocher


Data is not information;
Information is not knowledge;
Knowledge is not wisdom;
		-- Gary Flake


The old complaint that mass culture is designed for eleven-year-olds
is of course a shameful canard.  The key age has traditionally been
more like fourteen.
		-- Robert Christgau, "Esquire"


"Snyder's got a stiff ticket," said Kay,
"Come on, take it out, and let's play."
	He pulled it on out,
	But she started to pout,
His ticket was only a quarter-inch stout.


Oz:	Guys, take a moment to deal with this.  We survived.
Buffy:	It was a hell of a battle.
Oz:	Not the battle.  High School.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Graduation Day, Part Two"
		   Season 3, Episode 22


It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
		-- Alfred Adler


The First: I'm not a demon little girl, I am something that you can't
	even conceive.  The first evil.  Beyond sin, beyond death.
	I am the thing the darkness fears.  You'll never see me but I
	am everywhere.  Every being, every thought, every drop of hate.
Buffy:	Alright I get it, you're evil.  Do we have to chat about it all day?
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Amends"
		   Season 3, Episode 10


Microbiology Lab:  Staph Only!


I've never been drunk, but often I've been overserved.
		-- George Gobel


Hindsight is always 20:20.
		-- Billy Wilder


Documentation:
	Instructions translated from Swedish by Japanese for English
	speaking persons.


They don't suffer.  They can't even speak English.
		-- George F. Baer, answering a reporter's
		   question about the suffering of starving miners.


The quality of a pun is in the "Oy!" of the beholder.


The average, healthy, well-adjusted adult gets up at seven-thirty in
the morning feeling just terrible.
		-- Jean Kerr


The eyes of taxes are upon you.


You know you've been sitting in front of your Lisp machine too long
when you go out to the junk food machine and start wondering how to
make it give you the CADR of Item H so you can get that yummie
chocolate cupcake that's stuck behind the disgusting vanilla one.


Technological progress has merely provided us
with more efficient means for going backwards.
		-- Aldous Huxley


Q:	What do a walrus and a tupperware container have in common?
A:	They both like a tight seal.


Tell me, O Octopus, I begs,
Is those things arms, or is they legs?
I marvel at thee, Octopus;
If I were thou, I'd call me us.
		-- Ogden Nash


Humorists always sit at the children's table.
		-- Woody Allen


I've enjoyed just about as much of this as I can stand.


Everyone *knows* cats are on a higher level of existence.  These silly humans
are just to big-headed to admit their inferiority.
	Just think what a nicer world this would be if it were controlled by
cats.
	You wouldn't see cats having waste disposal problems.
	They're neat.
	They don't have sexual hangups.  A cat gets horny, it does something
about it.
	They keep reasonable hours.  You *never* see a cat up before noon.
	They know how to relax.  Ever heard of a cat with an ulcer?
	What are the chances of a cat starting a nuclear war?  Pretty negligible.
It's not that they can't, they just know that there are much better things to
do with ones time.  Like lie in the sun and sleep.  Or go exploring the world.


Every absurdity has a champion who will defend it.


One fall day, two men were out in the woods hunting.  Feeling a sudden need
to relieve himself, George went over to a nearby clump of bushes, unzipped
his fly, and started in when a poisonous snake lunged out of the bushes and
bit him on his penis.  Hearing George's howl of pain and fright, his friend
Fred came running up and told him to lie still while he used the radio to
call a doctor.
	"There's only one way to save your friend's life," said the doctor
gravely.  "If you cut a shallow 'X' over the bite and then suck as much of
the poison out as you can, he'll probably be okay, but otherwise there's not
much hope."
	Hearing Fred's footsteps, George rose weakly up on one elbow and
cried out, "Fred, what'd he say?  What did the doctor say?"
	"George, old friend," said Fred sadly, "he said you're gonna die."


I'm a lucky guy, and I'm happy to be with the Yankees.  And I want to
thank everyone for making this night necessary.
		-- Yogi Berra at a dinner in his honor


An economist is a man who would marry
Farrah Fawcett-Majors for her money.


!07/11 PDP a ni deppart m'I  !pleH


Q:	What does it say on the bottom of Coke cans in North Dakota?
A:	Open other end.


I reverently believe that the maker who made us all makes everything in New
England, but the weather.  I don't know who makes that, but I think it must be
raw apprentices in the weather-clerks factory who experiment and learn how, in
New England, for board and clothes, and then are promoted to make weather for
countries that require a good article, and will take their custom elsewhere
if they don't get it.
		-- Mark Twain


Abraham Lincoln didn't die in vain.  He died in Washington, D.C.


Time goes, you say?
Ah no!
Time stays, *we* go.
		-- Austin Dobson


Keep your boss's boss off your boss's back.


My calculator is my shepherd, I shall not want
It maketh me accurate to ten significant figures,
	and it leadeth me in scientific notation to 99 digits.
It restoreth my square roots and guideth me along paths of floating
	decimal points for the sake of precision.
Yea, tho I walk through the valley of surprise quizzes,
	I will fear no prof, for my calculator is there to hearten me.
It prepareth a log table to comfort me, it prepareth an
	arc sin for me in the presence of my teachers.
It anoints my homework with correct solutions, my interpolations are
	over.
Surely, both precision and accuracy shall follow me all the days of my
	life, and I shall dwell in the house of Texas instruments forever.


To a New Yorker, all Californians are blond, even the blacks.  There are,
in fact, whole neighborhoods that are zoned only for blond people.  The
only way to tell the difference between California and Sweden is that the
Swedes speak better English.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


John Birch Society:
	That pathetic manifestation of organized apoplexy.
		-- Edward P. Morgan


Hoare's Law of Large Problems:
	Inside every large problem is a small
	problem struggling to get out.


Friction is a drag.


Have you seen the well-to-do, up and down Park Avenue?
On that famous thoroughfare, with their noses in the air,
High hats and Arrow collars, white spats and lots of dollars,
Spending every dime, for a wonderful time...
If you're blue and you don't know where to go to,
Why don't you go where fashion sits,
...
Dressed up like a million dollar trooper,
Trying hard to look like Gary Cooper, (super dooper)
Come, let's mix where Rockefeller's walk with sticks,
Or umbrellas, in their mitts,
Puttin' on the Ritz.
...
If you're blue and you don't know where to go to,
Why don't you go where fashion sits,
Puttin' on the Ritz.
Puttin' on the Ritz.
Puttin' on the Ritz.
Puttin' on the Ritz.


In Lowes Crossroads, Delaware, it is a violation of local law for any
pilot or passenger to carry an ice cream cone in their pocket while
either flying or waiting to board a plane.


	There are two couples that want to convert to Catholicism.  They go
and see a priest and he tells them that the first requirement is to abstain
from sex for thirty days.
	Thirty days later, the couples come back to see the priest.  He asks
the first couple if they passed the test.
	"Father, we didn't so much as TOUCH one another during the last month.
	"Congratulations," the priest replies, "you are now qualified to enter
the Church."  Then, the priests asked the second couple how they did.
	"Well, Father," the husband says, "everything was going just fine
until the 27th day.  My wife bent over the freezer to get something out, and
I just happened to notice that she didn't have any panties on.  I couldn't
stand it any more, so I walked over to her, dropped my pants, and slipped it
to her right there."
	"That's DISGUSTING!", the priest bellows.  "I can never let you into
the Church after something like that."
	"I understand Father," the man replies sadly, "they won't let us
into Safeway anymore either."


Choose in marriage only a woman whom you would choose as
a friend if she were a man.
		-- Joubert


A fake fortuneteller can be tolerated.  But an authentic soothsayer
should be shot on sight.  Cassandra did not get half the kicking around
she deserved.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


I have defined the hundred per cent American as ninety-nine per
cent an idiot.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


A day without orange juice is like a day without orange juice.


Please don't put a strain on our friendship
by asking me to do something for you.


You have an unusual understanding of
the problems of human relationships.


