When you live in a sick society,
just about everything you do is wrong.


Nuke the unborn gay female whales for Jesus.


Serving coffee on an aircraft causes turbulence.


Hoffer's Discovery:
	The grand act of a dying institution is to issue a newly
	revised, enlarged edition of the policies and procedures manual.


A memorandum is written not to inform the reader,
but to protect the writer.
		-- Dean Acheson


Life is the living you do,
Death is the living you don't do.
		-- Joseph Pintauro


Reality is just a crutch for people who can't handle science fiction.


Save a mouse, eat a pussy!


So, is the glass half empty, half full, or just twice as
large as it needs to be?


There are only two kinds of tequila.  Good and better.


First there was Dial-A-Prayer, then Dial-A-Recipe, and even Dial-A-Footballer.
But the south-east Victorian town of Sale has produced one to top them all.
Dial-A-Wombat.
	It all began early yesterday when Sale police received a telephone
call: "You won't believe this, and I'm not drunk, but there's a wombat in the
phone booth outside the town hall," the caller said.
	Not firmly convinced about the caller's claim to sobriety, members of
the constabulary drove to the scene, expecting to pick up a drunk.
	But there it was, an annoyed wombat, trapped in a telephone booth.
	The wombat, determined not to be had the better of again, threw its
bulk into the fray. It was eventually lassoed and released in a nearby scrub.
	Then the officers received another message ... another wombat in
another phone booth.
	There it was: *Another* angry wombat trapped in a telephone booth.
	The constables took the miffed marsupial into temporary custody and
released it, too, in the scrub.
	But on their way back to the station they happened to pass another
telephone booth, and -- you guessed it -- another imprisoned wombat.
	After some serious detective work, the lads in blue found a suspect,
and after questioning, released him to be charged on summons.
	Their problem ... they cannot find a law against placing wombats in
telephone booths.
		-- "Newcastle Morning Herald", NSW Australia, Aug 1980


Saint Peteer was once heard to boast
That he'd had all the heavenly host:
	The Father and Son,
	And then - just for fun -
The hole in the Holy Ghost.


A young man enters the New York branch of Tiffany's on a Friday evening and
walks up to a display case full of pearl necklaces.  He turns to a gorgeous
woman, who is obviously window shopping, looks her straight in the eye and
says, "I can tell by your eyes that you really want that necklace.  If you'll
allow me, I'd like to buy it for you."
	The woman looks him up and down; he's wearing a nice suit and some
pretty nice jewelry, but she has trouble believing this story.
	"Look, this is some kind of put on, right?"
	"No, really.  You see, I've got quite a lot of money -- so much that
I could never spend it all.  I'd really like for you to have it."
	The guys whips out his checkbook, writes a check for five figures,
calls over a clerk and hands it to him.  The clerk peers at the check, looks
at the young man, looks at the check again.  "Very good, sir.  I'm afraid I
can't release the necklace immediately, would Monday be all right?"
	"That'll be fine, she'll pick it up." the man replies, and walks out
of the store with the woman following him in a daze.
	The next Monday the man comes back in and walks up to the counter.
The same clerk hurries over to him and says, "Sir, I'm sorry to have to tell
you this, but your check was returned for insufficient funds."
	"I know," the man replies.  "I just wanted to thank you for a
terrific weekend."


	"Haig, in congressional hearings before his confirmatory, paradoxed
his audiencers by abnormaling his responds so that verbs were nouned, nouns
verbed, and adjectives adverbised.  He techniqued a new way to vocabulary his
thoughts so as to informationally uncertain anybody listening about what he
had actually implicationed.
	"If that is how General Haig wants to nervous breakdown the Russian
leadership, he may be shrewding his way to the biggest diplomatic invent
since Clausewitz.  Unless, that is, he schizophrenes his allies first."
		-- The Guardian


I don't get no respect.


Blessed are they who Go Around in Circles,
for they Shall be Known as Wheels.


The worst part of valor is indiscretion.


Every man is apt to form his notions of things difficult to be apprehended,
or less familiar, from their analogy to things which are more familiar.
Thus, if a man bred to the seafaring life, and accustomed to think and talk
only of matters relating to navigation, enters into discourse upon any other
subject; it is well known, that the language and the notions proper to his
own profession are infused into every subject, and all things are measured
by the rules of navigation: and if he should take it into his head to
philosophize concerning the faculties of the mind, it cannot be doubted,
but he would draw his notions from the fabric of the ship, and would find
in the mind, sails, masts, rudder, and compass.
		-- Thomas Reid, "An Inquiry into the Human Mind", 1764


The meek shall inherit the earth; but by that
time there won't be anything left worth inheriting.


This is lemma 1.1.  We start a new chapter so the numbers all go back
to one.
		-- Prof. Seager, C&O 351


The woman you buy -- and she is the least expensive -- takes a great
deal of money.  The woman who gives herself takes all your time.
		-- Honore de Balzac


For three days after death hair and fingernails
continue to grow, but phone calls taper off.
		-- Johnny Carson


A hammer sometimes misses its mark - a bouquet never.


Misfortune, n.:
	The kind of fortune that never misses.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Diet Mountain Dew has the same pH and density of urine.
		-- Newsweek, 31 July, 1989


Those who do not do politics will be done in by politics.
		-- French Proverb


Sauron is alive in Argentina!


When you are working hard, get up and retch every so often.


Two sure ways to tell a REALLY sexy man; the first is, he has a bad memory.
I forget the second.


	"We've decided to have the budgie put down."
	"Oh, is he very old then?"
	"No, we just don't like him."
	"Oh.  How do they put budgies down anyway?"
	"Well, it's funny you should be asking that, as I've been reading a
great big book called `How to put your budgie down'.  And as I understand it,
you can either hit them over the head with the book, or shoot them there, just
above the beak."
	"Mrs. Conkers flushed hers down the loo."
	"Oh, you don't want to do that, because they breed in the sewers and
pretty soon you get huge evil smelling flocks of soiled budgies flying out
of peoples lavatories infringing their personal freedoms."
		-- Monty Python


Q:	What do they call the alphabet in Arkansas?
A:	The impossible dream.


People who take cat naps don't usually sleep in a cat's cradle.


Your manuscript is both good and original, but the part that is good is not
original and the part that is original is not good.
		-- Samuel Johnson


It is ridiculous to call this an industry.  This is not.  This is rat eat
rat, dog eat dog.  I'll kill 'em, and I'm going to kill 'em before they
kill me.  You're talking about the American way of survival of the fittest.
		-- Ray Kroc, founder of McDonald's


I often quote myself; it adds spice to my conversation.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


One person's error is another person's data.


I don't care where I sit as long as I get fed.
		-- Calvin Trillin


Taxes are not levied for the benefit of the taxed.


If at first you don't succeed, quit; don't be a nut about success.


I also believe that academic freedom should protect the right of a professor
or student to advocate Marxism, socialism, communism, or any other minority
viewpoint -- no matter how distasteful to the majority.
		-- Richard M. Nixon

What are our schools for if not indoctrination against Communism?
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Sic Transit Gloria Thursdi.


He who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish last.


Christmas comes but once a year,
A time for love and laughter;
You can come much more than that,
But you have to clean up after.


TAURUS (Apr. 20 to May 20)
	Let your self-confidence and determination shine, and people will
	find you boorish and headstrong.  Travel, promotion, and romance
	highlighted, if you live long enough.  Don't take any wooden nickels.


Drink and dance and laugh and lie
Love, the reeling midnight through
For tomorrow we shall die!
(But, alas, we never do.)
		-- Dorothy Parker, "The Flaw in Paganism"


I'm a lucky guy, and I'm happy to be with the Yankees.  And I want to
thank everyone for making this night necessary.
		-- Yogi Berra at a dinner in his honor


Ducharme's Axiom:
	If you view your problem closely enough you will recognize
	yourself as part of the problem.


I'd never join any club that would have the likes of me as a member.
		-- Groucho Marx


It has long been known that one horse can run faster
than another -- but which one?  Differences are crucial.
		-- Lazarus Long


The only time a dog gets complimented is when he doesn't do anything.
		-- C. Schultz


I'd be a poorer man if I'd never seen an eagle fly.
		-- John Denver

[I saw an eagle fly once.  Fortunately, I had my eagle fly swatter handy.  Ed.]


A writer is congenitally unable to tell the truth and that is why we call
what he writes fiction.
		-- William Faulkner


After cocktails in the Oak Room, the graying millionaire took the blond,
attractive, wholesome, winning young woman up to his suite.  They chatted
for a while, and then kissed on the couch.  A little fondling, some feeling
and petting ... to which the young lady lent herself shyly ... and then they
were in the wide, cool bed, naked together.  They chatted more, established
a communion, a rapport the older man considered remarkably gratifying.  The
girl seemed sympatico, innocent, good.
	"Yes, that was it," he thought, "essentially good.  Why, she could
be my own daughter."  He smiled into the young girl's deep blue eyes.
	"Tell me," he asked, his hand on her breast, "What's a nice girl
like you doing in a hotel like this?"
	"Oh, about $2000 a week, with tips."


Only God can make random selections.


Nine out of ten men who preferred Camels have switched back to women.


Security check: INTRUDER ALERT!


Government's Law:
	There is an exception to all laws.


Said the cunt-lapping Bey of Algiers,
In a cunt halfway up to his ears:
	"This nautch is delicious,
	 And without doubt nutritious.
She's my best-tasting wife in ten years!"


		William Safire's Rules for Writers:

Remember to never split an infinitive.  The passive voice should never
be used.  Do not put statements in the negative form.  Verbs has to
agree with their subjects.  Proofread carefully to see if you words
out.  If you reread your work, you can find on rereading a great deal
of repetition can be avoided by rereading and editing.  A writer must
not shift your point of view.  And don't start a sentence with a
conjunction.  (Remember, too, a preposition is a terrible word to end a
sentence with.)  Don't overuse exclamation marks!!  Place pronouns as
close as possible, especially in long sentences, as of 10 or more
words, to their antecedents.  Writing carefully, dangling participles
must be avoided.  If any word is improper at the end of a sentence, a
linking verb is.  Take the bull by the hand and avoid mixing
metaphors.  Avoid trendy locutions that sound flaky.  Everyone should
be careful to use a singular pronoun with singular nouns in their
writing.  Always pick on the correct idiom.  The adverb always follows
the verb.  Last but not least, avoid cliches like the plague; seek
viable alternatives.


	A MODERN FABLE

Aesop's fables and other traditional children's stories involve allegory
far too subtle for the youth of today.  Children need an updated message
with contemporary circumstance and plot line, and short enough to suit
today's minute attention span.

	The Troubled Aardvark

Once upon a time, there was an aardvark whose only pleasure in life was
driving from his suburban bungalow to his job at a large brokerage house
in his brand new 4x4.  He hated his manipulative boss, his conniving and
unethical co-workers, his greedy wife, and his sniveling, spoiled
children.  One day, the aardvark reflected on the meaning of his life and
his career and on the unchecked, catastrophic decline of his nation, its
pathetic excuse for leadership, and the complete ineffectiveness of any
personal effort he could make to change the status quo.  Overcome by a
wave of utter depression and self-doubt, he decided to take the only
course of action that would bring him greater comfort and happiness: he
drove to the mall and bought imported consumer electronics goods.

MORAL OF THE STORY:  Invest in foreign consumer electronics manufacturers.
		-- Tom Annau


Every time I think I know where it's at, they move it.


Next Friday will not be your lucky day.
As a matter of fact, you don't have a lucky day this year.


There's a long-standing bug relating to the x86 architecture that
allows you to install Windows.
		-- Matthew D. Fuller


Silence is the element in which great things fashion themselves.
		-- Thomas Carlyle


Living in the complex world of the future is somewhat
like having bees live in your head.  But, there they are.


Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?


Croll's Query:
	If tin whistles are made of tin, what are foghorns made of?


Quantum Mechanics is God's version of "Trust me."


Doing gets it done.


Kissing, petting, and even intercourse are all right as long as they are
sincere.  I have never given a kiss in my life that wasn't sincere.  As
for intercourse, I'd say three times a day was about right.
		-- Margaret Sangor


There's so much plastic in this culture that
vinyl leopard skin is becoming an endangered synthetic.
		-- Lily Tomlin


Put a rogue in the limelight and he will act like an honest man.
		-- Napoleon Bonaparte, "Maxims"


Cox's philosophy:
	Life's a bitch, then you die.


But these pills can't be habit forming;
I've been taking them for years.


One of my favorite jokes, a telling commentary on Jewish mothers' capacity
to lay on guilt, involves the mother who gave her son two neckties on Chanuka.
	"The boy hurried into his bedroom, ripped off the tie he was wearing,
put on one of the ties his mother had brought him, and hurried back.  "Look,
Mama! Isn't it gorgeous?"
	"Mama asked, 'What's the matter?  You don't like the other one?'"
		-- Leo Rosten, "Hooray For Yiddish"


Diplomacy is the art of saying "nice doggie" until you can find a rock.
		-- Wynn Catlin


How come financial advisors never seem to be as wealthy as they
claim they'll make you?


... If forced to travel on an airplane, try and get in the cabin with
the Captain, so you can keep an eye on him and nudge him if he falls
asleep or point out any mountains looming up ahead ...
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Tehee quod she, and clapte the wyndow to.
		-- Geoffrey Chaucer


AMAZING BUT TRUE...
	If all the salmon caught in Canada in one year were laid end to
	end across the Sahara Desert, the smell would be absolutely awful.


You've been leading a dog's life.  Stay off the furniture.


A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.


Accent on helpful side of your nature.  Drain the moat.


As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not
certain, and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.
		-- Albert Einstein


This time it's for love; next time it's $100.00.


Some people manage by the book, even though they
don't know who wrote the book or even what book.


A beautiful woman is a blessing from Heaven, but a good cigar is a smoke.
		-- Kipling


Other people don't give you orgasms; you have them, and they help you
cash them in.


Sattinger's Law:
	It works better if you plug it in.


QOTD:
	"All I want is a little more than I'll ever get."


When Boy Scouts do it, it's intense.


Had he and I but met
By some old ancient inn,		But ranged as infantry,
We should have sat us down to wet	And staring face to face,
Right many a nipperkin!			I shot at him as he at me,
					And killed him in his place.
I shot him dead because --
Because he was my foe,			He thought he'd 'list, perhaps,
Just so: my foe of course he was;	Off-hand-like -- just as I --
That's clear enough; although		Was out of work -- had sold his traps
					No other reason why.
Yes; quaint and curious war is!
You shoot a fellow down
You'd treat, if met where any bar is
Or help to half-a-crown.
		-- Thomas Hardy


	A man enters a pet shop, seeking to purchase a parrot.  He points
to a fine colorful bird and asks how much it costs.
	When he is told it costs 70,000 zlotys, he whistles in amazement
and asks why it is so much.  "Well, the bird is fluent in Italian and
French and can recite the periodic table."  He points to another bird
and is told that it costs 90,000 zlotys because it speaks French and
German, can knit and can curse in Latin.
	Finally the customer asks about a drab gray bird.  "Ah," he is
told, "that one is 150,000."
	"Why, what can it do?" he asks.
	"Well," says the shopkeeper, "to tell you the truth, he doesn't
do anything, but the other birds call him Mr. Secretary."
		-- being told in Poland, 1987


In case of fire, yell "FIRE!"


The savior becomes the victim.


However, never daunted, I will cope with adversity
in my traditional manner... sulking and nausea.
		-- Tom K. Ryan


Not only is this incomprehensible, but the ink is
ugly and the paper is from the wrong kind of tree.
		-- Professor W., EECS, George Washington University

I'm looking forward to working with you on this next year.
		-- Professor, Harvard, on a senior thesis


While there's life, there's hope.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)


The Golden Rule is of no use to you whatever unless you realize it
is your move.
		-- Frank Crane


	It seems there were two young Marines walking down the street, and
they chanced upon a lady who was both very proper and very well endowed.
One of them said, "Wow! What tits!  Hey lady, would I love to snuggle up with
them for awhile.  What are you doing this afternoon?"
	Well, the other Marine thought that was just about the most shameful
thing he had ever witnessed, and felt that he had to restore the honor of the
Corps.  "Pardon my friend, Ma'am," he apologized, "He's not been very well
brought up and don't know how to talk to cunt."


C++ is the best example of second-system effect since OS/360.


The most winning woman I ever knew was hanged for poisoning three little
children for their insurance money.
		-- Sherlock Holmes


Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today.  There might be a
law against it by that time.


The meek don't want it.


Jim, this is Janelle.  I'm flying tonight, so I can't make our date, and
I gotta find a safe place for Daffy.  He loves you, Jim!  It's only two
days, and you'll see.  Great Danes are no problem!


A robin redbreast in a cage
Puts all Heaven in a rage.
		-- Blake


I was working on a case.  It had to be a case, because I couldn't afford a
desk.  Then I saw her.  This tall blond lady.  She must have been tall
because I was on the third floor.  She rolled her deep blue eyes towards
me.  I picked them up and rolled them back.  We kissed.  She screamed.  I
took the cigarette from my mouth and kissed her again.


Disks travel in packs.


A Code of Honour: never approach a friend's girlfriend or wife with mischief
as your goal.  There are too many women in the world to justify that sort of
dishonourable behaviour.  Unless she's really attractive.
		-- Bruce J. Friedman, "Sex and the Lonely Guy"


XI:
	If the Earth could be made to rotate twice as fast, managers would
	get twice as much done.  If the Earth could be made to rotate twenty
	times as fast, everyone else would get twice as much done since all
	the managers would fly off.
XII:
	It costs a lot to build bad products.
XIII:
	There are many highly successful businesses in the United States.
	There are also many highly paid executives.  The policy is not to
	intermingle the two.
XIV:
	After the year 2015, there will be no airplane crashes.  There will
	be no takeoffs either, because electronics will occupy 100 percent
	of every airplane's weight.
XV:
	The last 10 percent of performance generates one-third of the cost
	and two-thirds of the problems.
		-- Norman Augustine


SCORPIO (Oct 23 - Nov 21)
	You are shrewd in business and cannot be trusted.  You will achieve
	the pinnacle of success because of your total lack of ethics.  Most
	Scorpio people are murdered.


