Buffy:	How do you get to be renowned?  I mean like, do you have to be
	nowned first?
Willow:	Yes.  First there is the painful nowning process.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Freshman"
		   Season 1, Episode 1


PROBLEM DRINKER:
	A man who never buys.


The use of anthropomorphic terminology when dealing with computing systems
is a symptom of professional immaturity.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


On the breast of a lady named Gail,
Was tattooed the price of her tail.
	And on her behind,
	For the sake of the blind,
Was the same information -- in Braille.


Woman, n.:
	An animal usually living in the vicinity of Man, and
	having a rudimentary susceptibility to domestication.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


I married beneath me.  All women do.
		-- Lady Nancy Astor


I trust the first lion he meets will do his duty.
		-- J. P. Morgan on Teddy Roosevelt's safari


In this vale
Of toil and sin
Your head grows bald
But not your chin.
		-- Burma Shave


On the eighth day, God created FORTRAN.


Who made the world I cannot tell;
'Tis made, and here am I in hell.
My hand, though now my knuckles bleed,
I never soiled with such a deed.
		-- A. E. Housman


Be security conscious -- National Defense is at stake.


	Graduating seniors, parents and friends...
	Let me begin by reassuring you that my remarks today will stand up
to the most stringent requirements of the new appropriateness.
	The intra-college sensitivity advisory committee has vetted the
text of even trace amounts of subconscious racism, sexism and classism.
	Moreover, a faculty panel of deconstructionists have reconfigured
the rhetorical components within a post-structuralist framework, so as to
expunge any offensive elements of western rationalism and linear logic.
	Finally, all references flowing from a white, male, eurocentric
perspective have been eliminated, as have any other ruminations deemed
denigrating to the political consensus of the moment.

	Thank you and good luck.
		-- Doonesbury, the University Chancellor's graduation speech.


I might have gone to West Point, but I was too proud to speak to a
congressman.
		-- Will Rogers


You can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish.


Intel CPUs are not defective, they just act that way.
		-- Henry Spencer


Counting in binary is just like counting
in decimal -- if you are all thumbs.
		-- Glaser and Way


Put a rogue in the limelight and he will act like an honest man.
		-- Napoleon Bonaparte, "Maxims"


	"Our school, madame, postulates, first of all, that since the
science of mathematics is an abstract science, it is best inculcated by
some concrete example."
	Said the Queen, "But that sounds rather complicated."
	"It occasionally leads to complications," Jurgen admitted, "through
a choice of the wrong example.  But the axiom is no less true."
	"Come, then, and sit next to me on this couch if you can find it in
the dark; and do you explain to me what you mean."
	"Why, madame, by a concrete example I mean one that is perceptible
to any of the senses -- as to sight or hearing, or touch --"
	"Oh, oh!" said the Queen, "now I perceive what you mean by a concrete
example.  And grasping this, I can understand that complications must of
course arise from a choice of the wrong example."
		-- James Branch Cabell, "Jurgen"


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(1) The greatest threat to the human spirit is liberalism.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


		NEW ADDITION TO THE LIBRARY:
"Sally", the department's new inflatable doll, is available on a
short-term removal basis only -- please sign her out and return her
promptly to avoid extended waits.  (We are still awaiting shipment of
our "Big John" doll.)


Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants.
		-- General Omar N. Bradley


Remember, there's a big difference between kneeling down and bending over.
		-- Frank Zappa


Most people can do without the essentials, but not without the luxuries.


The star of that X-rated hit
Plays a nurse with a throat full of clit.
	This serves as a palace
	For each turgid phallus--
Some say that the plot is pure shit.


The harder they come, the more important it is to have
an extra-firm mattress.


	"I will profane your fucking remains, E. B."
	"Not my remains, Al!"
	"Gabriel's trumpet will produce you from the ass of a pig."
		-- Al Swearingen, E. B. Farnum, _Deadwood_


Attractive bisexual young woman seeks same for high mellow times.


MSDOS is not dead, it just smells that way.
		-- Henry Spencer


A lie in time saves nine.


General notions are generally wrong.
		-- Lady M. W. Montagu


sillema sillema nika su
[translation: look it up...hint-fin]


Q:	Why did the lone ranger kill Tonto?
A:	He found out what "kemosabe" really means.


GIVE:	Support the helpless victims of computer error.


Just as I cannot remember any time when I could not read and write, I
cannot remember any time when I did not exercise my imagination in
daydreams about women.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Admiration, n.:
	Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Hear about...
	the woman who claimed that two martinis usually made her
	feel like a new man?


In high school in Brooklyn
I was the baseball manager,
proud as I could be
I chased baseballs,
gathered thrown bats
handed out the towels			Eventually, I bought my own
It was very important work		but it was dark blue while
for a small spastic kid,		the official ones were green
but I was a team member			Nobody ever said anything
When the team got			to me about my blue jacket;
their warm-up jackets			the guys were my friends
I didn't get one			Yet it hurt me all year
Only the regular team			to wear that blue jacket
got these jackets, and			among all those green ones
surely not a manager			Even now, forty years after,
					I still recall that jacket
					and the memory goes on hurting.
		-- Bart Lanier Safford III, "An Obscured Radiance"


God votes Republican.


Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


There is no better way of exercising the imagination than the study of law.
No poet ever interpreted nature as freely as a lawyer interprets truth.
		-- Jean Giraudoux, "Tiger at the Gates"


No one knows like a woman how to say
things that are at once gentle and deep.
		-- Hugo


Love is the answer; but while you are waiting for the answer, sex
raises some pretty good questions.
		-- Woody Allen


Hodie natus est radici frater.


Ken Thompson has an automobile which he helped design.  Unlike most
automobiles, it has neither speedometer, nor gas gauge, nor any of the
numerous idiot lights which plague the modern driver.  Rather, if the
driver makes any mistake, a giant "?" lights up in the center of the
dashboard.  "The experienced driver", he says, "will usually know
what's wrong."


Your manuscript is both good and original, but the part that is good is not
original and the part that is original is not good.
		-- Samuel Johnson


A little retrospection shows that although many fine, useful software systems
have been designed by committees and built as part of multipart projects,
those software systems that have excited passionate fans are those that are
the products of one or a few designing minds, great designers.  Consider Unix,
APL, Pascal, Modula, the Smalltalk interface, even Fortran; and contrast them
with Cobol, PL/I, Algol, MVS/370, and MS-DOS.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr.


Here I sit, my cheeks a flexin',
Just gave birth to another Texan.


The road to hell is paved with good intentions.  And littered with
sloppy analysis!


			Has your family tried 'em?

			   POWDERMILK BISCUITS

		 Heavens, they're tasty and expeditious!

	    They're made from whole wheat, to give shy persons
	   the strength to get up and do what needs to be done.

			   POWDERMILK BISCUITS

	Buy them ready-made in the big blue box with the picture of
	the biscuit on the front, or in the brown bag with the dark
		     stains that indicate freshness.


The Gordian Maxim:
If a string has one end, it has another.


Sex is the mathematics urge sublimated.
		-- M. C. Reed


Politics -- the gentle art of getting votes from the poor and campaign
funds from the rich by promising to protect each from the other.
		-- Oscar Ameringer


If only God would give me some clear sign!
Like making a large deposit in my name at a Swiss bank.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


Its failings notwithstanding, there is much to be said in favor of journalism
in that by giving us the opinion of the uneducated, it keeps us in touch with
the ignorance of the community.
		-- Oscar Wilde


[Norm goes into the bar at Vic's Bowl-A-Rama.]

Off-screen crowd:  Norm!
Sam:   How the hell do they know him here?
Cliff: He's got a life, you know.
		-- Cheers, From Beer to Eternity

Woody: What can I do for you, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Elope with my wife.
		-- Cheers, The Triangle

Woody: How's life, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Oh, I'm waiting for the movie.
		-- Cheers, Take My Shirt... Please?


Dyke, n.:
	A woman who kick-starts her vibrator.  And rolls her own
	tampons.


Only a mediocre person is always at his best.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


Giving up on assembly language was the apple in our Garden of Eden:  Languages
whose use squanders machine cycles are sinful.  The LISP machine now permits
LISP programmers to abandon bra and fig-leaf.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


Even a man who is pure at heart,
And says his prayers at night
Can become a wolf when the wolfbane blooms,
And the moon is full and bright.
		-- The Wolf Man, 1941


Hale Mail Rule, The:
	When you are ready to reply to a letter, you will lack at least
	one of the following:
			(a) A pen or pencil or typewriter.
			(b) Stationery.
			(c) Postage stamp.
			(d) The letter you are answering.


Once I finally figured out all of life's
answers, they changed the questions.


Mad, adj.:
	Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Waldheimers disease is what you have when you can't remember you were a Nazi.


He who hesitates is last.


The meek will inherit the earth -- if that's OK with you.


Well, you almost got it right.  The only problem is, you're doing it exactly
backwards!  Just reverse the motions you described and your partner will
experience an incredibly intense orgasm.  One trouble with this technique,
though, is that it works so well.  Believe me, word will get around about
your newfound prowess and you'll be inundated by prospective sexual partners.
So try to be discreet.  I prefer maple syrup to pineapple/apricot lotion, but
that's a matter of personal preference.  Also, I'd advise against the syrup,
or using honey, if you're outside, because the insects it attracts tend to
distract the quail.  You can substitute crazy glue (but obviously not thumb
tacks!) for the masking tape, but only if you don't want to use the piano for
awhile.


QOTD:
	"I used to get high on life but lately I've built up a resistance."


fortune: cannot execute.  Out of cookies.


Even the best of friends cannot attend each other's funeral.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"


The flush toilet is the basis of Western civilization.
		-- Alan Coult


The superpowers often behave like two heavily armed blind men feeling their
way around a room, each believing himself in mortal peril from the other,
whom he assumes to have perfect vision.  Each tends to ascribe to the other
side a consistency, foresight and coherence that its own experience belies.
Of course, even two blind men can do enormous damage to each other, not to
speak of the room.
		-- Henry Kissinger


The universe is all a spin-off of the Big Bang.


What did you bring that book I didn't want
to be read to out of about Down Under up for?


Don't eat yellow snow.


I sat down beside her, said hello, offered to buy her a drink...
and then natural selection reared its ugly head.


There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.


The qotc (quote of the con) was Liz's:
	"My brain is paged out to my liver"


Don't be concerned, it will not harm you,
It's only me pursuing something I'm not sure of,
Across my dreams, with neptive wonder,
I chase the bright elusive butterfly of love.


May you have many beautiful and obedient daughters.


The Ken Thompson school of thought on expert systems:
there's table lookup, fraud, and grand fraud.
		-- Andrew Hume


For children with short attention spans: boomerangs that don't come back.


Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.


Chess tonight.


None of our men are "experts."  We have most unfortunately found it necessary
to get rid of a man as soon as he thinks himself an expert -- because no one
ever considers himself expert if he really knows his job.  A man who knows a
job sees so much more to be done than he has done, that he is always pressing
forward and never gives up an instant of thought to how good and how efficient
he is.  Thinking always ahead, thinking always of trying to do more, brings a
state of mind in which nothing is impossible. The moment one gets into the
"expert" state of mind a great number of things become impossible.
		-- From Henry Ford Sr., "My Life and Work"


One thing I have no worry about is whether God exists.  But it has
occurred to me that God has Alzheimer's and has forgotten we exist.
		-- Jane Wagner, "The Search for Signs of Intelligent
		   Life in the Universe"


Seems this guy showed up at a party, and all of his friends jumped for
Joy.  But she sidestepped, and they missed.


Purpitation, v.:
	To take something off the grocery shelf, decide you
	don't want it, and then put it in another section.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


What use is magic if it can't save a unicorn?
		-- Peter S. Beagle, "The Last Unicorn"


Earth is a great, big funhouse without the fun.
		-- Jeff Berner


Gyroscope, n.:
	A wheel or disk mounted to spin rapidly about an axis and also
free to rotate about one or both of two axes perpendicular to each
other and the axis of spin so that a rotation of one of the two
mutually perpendicular axes results from application of torque to the
other when the wheel is spinning and so that the entire apparatus
offers considerable opposition depending on the angular momentum to any
torque that would change the direction of the axis of spin.
		-- Webster's Seventh New Collegiate Dictionary


You can lead a whore to Vasser, but you can't make her think.
		-- Frederick B. Artz


All work and no pay makes a housewife.


Nothing is ever a total loss; it can always serve as a bad example.


Watson's Law:
	The reliability of machinery is inversely proportional to the
	number and significance of any persons watching it.


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #6

	"But, soft!  What light through yonder window breaks?"
	It's nothing, honey.  Go back to sleep.


You have just returned from a trip to Green Bay, Wisconsin in January
and tell your boss that nobody but whores and football players live
there.  He mentions that his wife is from Green Bay.  You:

(a) Pretend you are suffering from amnesia and don't remember your
    name.

(b) Ask what position she played.

(c) Ask if she is still working the streets.


Seems like there were these two dogs in a vet's waiting room, each eyeing
the other suspiciously.  One of them turns to the other.
	"What are you here for?" he asks.
	"Well," replies the other, "I was feeling really bad the other day,
and Master's six year old son started bothering me. I tried to ignore it,
but I was feeling so rotten that I bit his hand."
	"Yeah, I now what you mean.  So, what are you here for?"
	"Erm ... well ... Master reckons that I'm too vicious, so I'm going
to be ... you know ... I'm going to have the *operation*."
	"Oh.  Well, I'm sorry," sympathized the first dog.
	Time passed. The about-to-be-neutered dog coughed politely.
	"So," he asked, "What are you in here for?"
	"Oh, nothing really," the other replied, embarrassed.
	"Go on, I told you, it *can't* be as bad!"
	"OK.  Well, it's like this.  The bitch next door was in heat, and so
I was feeling, you know, a bit randy.  Then Mistress came into the kitchen
wearing a short skirt and no underwear, and she bent over.  I just couldn't
resist it!" admitted the dog.
	"Oh!  So you're here for the operation too!"
	"No," came the reply, "I'm here to have my nails clipped!"


Deliberate provocation of mystical experience, particularly by LSD and
related hallucinogens, in contrast to spontaneous visionary experiences,
entails dangers that must not be underestimated.  Practitioners must take
into account the peculiar effects of these substances, namely their ability
to influence our consciousness, the innermost essence of our being.  The
history of LSD to date amply demonstrates the catastrophic consequences that
can ensue when its profound effect is misjudged and the substance is mistaken
for a pleasure drug.  Special internal and external advance preparations
are required; with them, an LSD experiment can become a meaningful experience.
		-- Dr. Albert Hoffman, the discoverer of LSD

I believe that if people would learn to use LSD's vision-inducing capability
more wisely, under suitable conditions, in medical practice and in conjunction
with meditation, then in the future this problem child could become a wonder
child.
		-- Dr. Albert Hoffman


The primary function of the design engineer is to make things
difficult for the fabricator and impossible for the serviceman.


Taxes should hurt.  I just mailed my own tax return last night and I
am prepared to say "ouch!" as loud as anyone.
		-- Ronald Reagan


He's been like a father to me,
He's the only DJ you can get after three,
I'm an all-night musician in a rock and roll band,
And why he don't like me I don't understand.
		-- The Byrds


You're already carrying the sphere!


Let a Field Service Engineer put it in.


Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
		-- Alexander Pope


A man always needs to remember one thing about
a beautiful woman.  Somewhere, somebody's tired of her.


Thieves respect property; they merely wish the property to become
their property that they may more perfectly respect it.
		-- G. K. Chesterton, "The Man Who Was Thursday"


The Modelski Chain Rule:
1:	Look intently at the problem for several minutes.  Scratch your
	head at 20-30 second intervals.  Try solving the problem on your
	Hewlett-Packard.
2:	Failing this, look around at the class.  Select a particularly
	bright-looking individual.
3:	Procure a large chain.
4:	Walk over to the selected student and threaten to beat him severely
	with the chain unless he gives you the answer to the problem.
	Generally, he will.  It may also be a good idea to give him a sound
	thrashing anyway, just to show you mean business.


Blutarsky's Axiom:
	Nothing is impossible for the man who will not listen to reason.


You are the only person to ever get this message.


A group of politicians deciding to dump a President because his morals
are bad is like the Mafia getting together to bump off the Godfather for
not going to church on Sunday.
		-- Russell Baker


A neighbor came to Nasrudin, asking to borrow his donkey.  "It is out on
loan," the teacher replied.  At that moment, the donkey brayed loudly inside
the stable.  "But I can hear it bray, over there."  "Whom do you believe,"
asked Nasrudin, "me or a donkey?"


Glib's Fourth Law of Unreliability:
	Investment in reliability will increase until it exceeds the
	probable cost of errors, or until someone insists on getting
	some useful work done.


Lieberman's Law:
	Everybody lies, but it doesn't matter since nobody listens.


Ask not what's inside your head, but what your head's inside of.
		-- J. J. Gibson


Don't expect people to keep in step--
it's hard enough just staying in line.


	The man standing at the bar (in court, unfortunately) was well-
dressed, alert and obviously intelligent.  The judge asked him how he
pleaded to the charge of rape and, much to the magistrate's surprise, he
replied, "Not guilty by reason of insanity, your Honor."
	"Insanity?" exclaimed the judge.
	"Yes, sir," said the defendant.  "I'm just crazy about it."


Integrity has no need for rules.


Happiness makes up in height what it lacks in length.


Those who do not understand Unix are condemned to reinvent it, poorly.
		-- Henry Spencer


Sushi, n.:
	When that-which-may-still-be-alive is put on top of rice and
	strapped on with electrical tape.


Premature optimization is the root of all evil.
		-- Donald E. Knuth


The propriety of some persons seems to consist in having improper
thoughts about their neighbours.
		-- F. H. Bradley


The key elements in human thinking are not numbers but labels of fuzzy sets.
		-- L. Zadeh


	Churchill was known to drain a glass or two and, after one
particularly convivial evening, he chanced to encounter Miss Bessie Braddock,
a Socialist member of the House of Commons, who, upon seeing his condition,
said, "Winston, you're drunk."  Mustering all his dignity, Churchill drew
himself up to his full height, cocked an eyebrow and rejoined, "Shove it up
your ass, you ugly cunt."
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


You will obey or molten silver will be poured into your ears.


L'etat c'est moi.
[The state, that's me.]
		-- Louis XIV


There once was a king who ruled his country long, wisely, and well.  The
king had a son whom he hoped would someday rule the land.  He also wished
in his heart that the son would be wise and compassionate.  One day he said
to the prince:
	"If you promised that you would give a certain woman anything, even
half of your kingdom, and then she demanded the life of your best friend,
what would your decision be, my son?"
	The young prince thought for a moment and then said, "I would tell
her that the life of my best friend did not lie in the half of the kingdom
that I had promised."
	The king knew that his son would be a great king.


It is hard to predict, in particular about the future.
		-- Robert Storm Petersen


The makers may make,
And the users may use,
But the fixers must fix
With but minimal clues.


His life was formal; his actions seemed ruled with a ruler.


I'm going to Iowa for an award.  Then I'm appearing at Carnegie Hall,
it's sold out.  Then I'm sailing to France to be honored by the French
government -- I'd give it all up for one erection.
		-- Groucho Marx


The little boy pointed to two dogs in the park and asked his father what
they were doing. "They're making puppies, son," replied the father.
	That night, the boy wandered into his parents' room while they were
making love.  Asked what they were doing, the father replied, "Making you
a baby brother."
	"Gee, Dad," the boy pleaded, "turn her over -- I'd rather have a
puppy."


The day will come when the mystical generation of Jesus, by the Supreme Being
as his Father, in the womb of a virgin will be classified with the fable of
the generation of Minerva in the brain of Jupiter.  But we may hope that the
dawn of reason and freedom of thought in these United States will do away with
this artificial scaffolding and restore to us the primitive and genuine
doctrines of this most venerated Reformer of human errors.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


It is not the critic who counts, or how the strong man stumbled, or whether
the doer of deeds could have done them better.  The credit belongs to the
man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and
blood, who strives valiantly, who errs and comes short again and again; who
knows the great enthusiasm, the great devotion, and who spends himself in a
worthy cause, and if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that
he'll never be with those cold and timid souls who never know either victory
or defeat.
		-- Teddy Roosevelt


You see, I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty
attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose.  A fool
takes in all the lumber of every sort he comes across, so that the knowledge
which might be useful to him gets crowded out, or at best is jumbled up with
a lot of other things, so that he has difficulty in laying his hands upon it.
Now the skillful workman is very careful indeed as to what he takes into his
brain-attic.  He will have nothing but the tools which may help him in doing
his work, but of these he has a large assortment, and all in the most perfect
order.  It is a mistake to think that that little room has elastic walls and
can distend to any extent.  Depend upon it there comes a time when for every
addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before.  It is of
the highest importance, therefore, not to have useless facts elbowing out
the useful ones.
		-- Sherlock Holmes


If your enemy is buried in quicksand up to his neck, pull him out.
If he is buried up to his eyes, step on his head.
		-- Niccolo Machiavelli, "The Prince"


The things that interest people most are usually none of their business.


There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.


Krogt, n. (chemical symbol: Kr):
	The metallic silver coating found on fast-food game cards.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


I'm often asked the question, "Do you think there is extraterrestrial intelli-
gence?"  I give the standard arguments -- there are a lot of places out there,
and use the word *billions*, and so on.  And then I say it would be astonishing
to me if there weren't extraterrestrial intelligence, but of course there is as
yet no compelling evidence for it.  And then I'm asked, "Yeah, but what do you
really think?"  I say, "I just told you what I really think."  "Yeah, but
what's your gut feeling?"  But I try not to think with my gut.  Really, it's
okay to reserve judgment until the evidence is in.
		-- Carl Sagan


Prunes give you a run for your money.


The best book on programming for the layman is "Alice in Wonderland";
but that's because it's the best book on anything for the layman.


Wilner's Observation:
	All conversations with a potato should be conducted in private.


A yawn is a silent shout.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


Exuberant Sue from Anjou
Found that fucking affected her hue.
	She presented to sight
	Nipples pink, bottom white;
But her asshole was purple and blue.


Birds are entangled by their feet and men by their tongues.


If for every rule there is an exception, then we have established that there
is an exception to every rule.  If we accept "For every rule there is an
exception" as a rule, then we must concede that there may not be an exception
after all, since the rule states that there is always the possibility of
exception, and if we follow it to its logical end we must agree that there
can be an exception to the rule that for every rule there is an exception.
		-- Bill Boquist


If it ain't baroque, don't fix it.


Why be difficult, when, with just a
little more effort, you can be impossible?


	One fine day, the bus driver went to the bus garage, started his bus,
and drove off along the route.  No problems for the first few stops -- a few
people got on, a few got off, and things went generally well.  At the next
stop, however, a big hulk of a guy got on.  Six feet eight, built like a
wrestler, arms hanging down to the ground.  He glared at the driver and said,
"Big John doesn't pay!" and sat down at the back.
	Did I mention that the driver was five feet three, thin, and basically
meek?  Well, he was.  Naturally, he didn't argue with Big John, but he wasn't
happy about it.  Well, the next day the same thing happened -- Big John got on
again, made a show of refusing to pay, and sat down.  And the next day, and the
one after that, and so forth.  This grated on the bus driver, who started
losing sleep over the way Big John was taking advantage of him.  Finally he
could stand it no longer. He signed up for bodybuilding courses, karate, judo,
and all that good stuff.  By the end of the summer, he had become quite strong;
what's more, he felt really good about himself.
	So on the next Monday, when Big John once again got on the bus
and said "Big John doesn't pay!," the driver stood up, glared back at the
passenger, and screamed, "And why not?"
	With a surprised look on his face, Big John replied, "Big John has a
bus pass."


Getting kicked out of the American Bar Association is liked getting kicked
out of the Book-of-the-Month Club.
		-- Melvin Belli on the occasion of his getting kicked out
		   of the American Bar Association


From 0 to "what seems to be the problem officer" in 8.3 seconds.
		-- Ad for the new VW Corrado


We have lingered long enough on the shores of the Cosmic Ocean.
		-- Carl Sagan


Smoking a woman is like kissing a fish.


I use not only all the brains I have, but all those I can borrow as well.
		-- Woodrow Wilson


You can't take it with you --
especially when crossing a state line.


Water?  Never touch the stuff!  Fish fuck in it.
		-- W. C. Fields


Sleep -- the most beautiful experience in life -- except drink.
		-- W. C. Fields


A wizard cannot do everything; a fact most magicians are reticent to admit,
let alone discuss with prospective clients.  Still, the fact remains that
there are certain objects, and people, that are, for one reason or another,
completely immune to any direct magical spell.  It is for this group of
beings that the magician learns the subtleties of using indirect spells.
It also does no harm, in dealing with these matters, to carry a large club
near your person at all times.
		-- The Teachings of Ebenezum, Volume VIII


Many hands make light work.
		-- John Heywood


Let me take you a button-hole lower.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"


