Hitchcock's Staple Principle:
	The stapler runs out of staples
	only while you are trying to staple something.


Heaven, n.:
	A place where the wicked cease from troubling you with talk of
	their personal affairs, and the good listen with attention
	while you expound your own.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Try to get all of your posthumous medals in advance.


Ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so.
		-- John Stuart Mill


Some people pray for more than they are willing to work for.


You will be winged by an anti-aircraft battery.


Every time you manage to close the door on
Reality, it comes in through the window.


It's a good thing we don't get all the government we pay for.


We seem to have forgotten the simple truth that reason is never perfect.
Only non-sense attains perfection.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


The warning message we sent the Russians was a
calculated ambiguity that would be clearly understood.
		-- Alexander Haig


History is on our side (as long as we can control the historians).


You will be run over by a bus.


A rolling disk gathers no MOS.


There are only two kinds of men -- the dead and the deadly.
		-- Helen Rowland


Love cannot be much younger than the lust for murder.
		-- Sigmund Freud


QOTD:
	"I want a home, a family, an occasional spanking ..."
		-- Kathy Ireland


Men have a much better time of it than women; for one
thing they marry later; for another thing they die earlier.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Wake up all you citizens, hear your country's call,
Not to arms and violence, But peace for one and all.
Crush out hate and prejudice, fear and greed and sin,
Help bring back her dignity, restore her faith again.

Work hard for a common cause, don't let our country fall.
Make her proud and strong again, democracy for all.
Yes, make our country strong again, keep our flag unfurled.
Make our country well again, respected by the world.

Make her whole and beautiful, work from sun to sun.
Stand tall and labor side by side, because there's so much to be done.
Yes, make her whole and beautiful, united strong and free,
Wake up, all you citizens, It's up to you and me.
		-- Pansy Myers Schroeder


Only Irish coffee provides in a single glass all four
essential food groups -- alcohol, caffeine, sugar, and fat.
		-- Alex Levine

[Oh come on, everybody knows that the four basic food groups are
hot sugar, cold sugar, carbohydrates and grease.  Ed.]


Laissez Faire Economics is the theory that if
each acts like a vulture, all will end as doves.


Unnamed Law:
	If it happens, it must be possible.


Old Grandad is dead but his spirits live on.


Why do we have two eyes?  To watch 3-D movies with.


America, I'm putting my queer shoulder to the wheel.
		-- Allen Ginsberg


The only promotion rules I can think of are that a sense of shame is to
be avoided at all costs and there is never any reason for a hustler to
be less cunning than more virtuous men.  Oh yes ... whenever you think
you've got something really great, add ten per cent more.
		-- Bill Veeck


I wouldn't fuck her with your prick.


Hear about...
	the truck driver who pulled out to avoid a child and fell
	off the sofa?


Playing an unamplified electric guitar is like strumming on a picnic
table.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Snake"


Q:	What do you call a group of kids with low IQs, drinking diet cola,
	eating fruit, and singing?
A:	The Moron Tab and Apple Choir.


All we know is the phenomenon: we spend our time sending messages to each
other, talking and trying to listen at the same time, exchanging information.
This seems to be our most urgent biological function; it is what we do with
our lives."
		-- Lewis Thomas, "The Lives of a Cell"


New York now leads the world's great cities in the number of people around
whom you shouldn't make a sudden move.
		-- David Letterman


It was one of those perfect summer days -- the sun was shining, a breeze
was blowing, the birds were singing, and the lawn mower was broken ...
		-- James Dent


After all, it is only the mediocre who are always at their best.
		-- Jean Giraudoux


If the American dream is for Americans only, it will remain our dream
and never be our destiny.
		-- Ren'e de Visme Williamson


What a man enjoys most about a woman's clothes are his fantasies of how
she would look without them.
		-- Brendan Francis


Xerox never comes up with anything original.


Posterity will ne'er survey
A nobler grave than this;
Here lie the bones of Castlereagh;
Stop, traveler, and piss.
		-- Lord Byron, on Lord Castlereagh


Politics are almost as exciting as war, and quite as
dangerous.  In war, you can only be killed once.
		-- Winston Churchill


The future not being born, my friend,
we will abstain from baptizing it.
		-- George Meredith


Computers will not be perfected until they can compute how much more
than the estimate the job will cost.


In less than a century, computers will be making substantial
progress on ... the overriding problem of war and peace.
		-- James Slagle


Wernher von Braun settled for a V-2 when he coulda had a V-8.


Flying saucers on occasion
	Show themselves to human eyes.
Aliens fume, put off invasion
	While they brand these tales as lies.


Why won't you let me kiss you goodnight?  Is it something I said?
		-- Tom Ryan


He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.


No doubt Jack the Ripper excused himself
on the grounds that it was human nature.


Most people need some of their problems
to help take their mind off some of the others.


Q:	How do you make an elephant float?
A:	You get two scoops of elephant and some root beer...


After this was written there appeared a remarkable posthumous memoir that
throws some doubt on Millikan's leading role in these experiments.  Harvey
Fletcher (1884-1981), who was a graduate student at the University of Chicago,
at Millikan's suggestion worked on the measurement of electronic charge for
his doctoral thesis, and co-authored some of the early papers on this subject
with Millikan.  Fletcher left a manuscript with a friend with instructions
that it be published after his death; the manuscript was published in
Physics Today, June 1982, page 43.  In it, Fletcher claims that he was the
first to do the experiment with oil drops, was the first to measure charges on
single droplets, and may have been the first to suggest the use of oil.
According to Fletcher, he had expected to be co-authored with Millikan on
the crucial first article announcing the measurement of the electronic
charge, but was talked out of this by Millikan.
		-- Steven Weinberg, "The Discovery of Subatomic Particles"

Robert Millikan is generally credited with making the first really
precise measurement of the charge on an electron and was awarded the
Nobel Prize in 1923.


A man walks into the doctor's office and the doctor says to him, "I've got
some good news and some bad news."
	"Tell me the good news first" the patient replies.
	"The good news is that your penis is going to be about two inches
longer and about an inch wider," the doctor says.
	"That's great!" says his patient.  "What's the bad news?"
	"Malignant."


A boss with no humor is like a job that's no fun.


	"I'm looking for adventure, excitement, beautiful women," cried the
young man to his father as he prepared to leave home.  "Don't try to stop me.
I'm on my way."
	"Who's trying to stop you?" shouted the father.  "Take me along!"


Arthur's Laws of Love:
	(1) People to whom you are attracted invariably think you
	    remind them of someone else.
	(2) The love letter you finally got the courage to send will
	    be delayed in the mail long enough for you to make a fool
	    of yourself in person.


God is really only another artist.  He invented the giraffe, the
elephant and the cat.  He has no real style, He just goes on trying
other things.
		-- Pablo Picasso


Walk softly and carry a megawatt laser.


Come, every frustum longs to be a cone,
And every vector dreams of matrices.
Hark to the gentle gradient of the breeze:
It whispers of a more ergodic zone.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


Pouring out his troubles to his best friend over a couple of triple martinis,
Brad had to confess that things weren't going too well at home.  "My wife and
I just don't hit it off at night," he was saying to Bart.  "I hate to admit
it, but I'm afraid I just don't know how to make her happy."
	"Hell, boy," said Bart, "there's really nothing to it.  Let me
give you some advice.  At bedtime, switch on a new Sinatra platter, turn
all the lights low and spray some perfume around the room.  Next, tell
your wife to get into her sheerest nightie; then make sure you raise the
bottom window."
	"Then what do I do?" asked Brad.
	"Just whistle."
	"Whistle?"
	"That's right.  I'll be waiting outside the window.  When I hear
you whistle, I'll come right up and finish the job."


Eat shit and die a virgin!


"These are DARK TIMES for all mankind's HIGHEST VALUES!"
"These are DARK TIMES for FREEDOM and PROSPERITY!"
"These are GREAT TIMES to put your money on BAD GUY to kick the CRAP
out of MEGATON MAN!"


Political history is far too criminal a subject to be a fit thing to
teach children.
		-- W. H. Auden


You look tired.


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #18 -- C-

	This language was named for the grade received by its creator when
he submitted it as a class project in a graduate programming class.  C- is
best described as a "low-level" programming language.  In fact, the language
generally requires more C- statements than machine-code statements to execute
a given task.  In this respect, it is very similar to COBOL.


He who slings mud loses ground.
		-- Chinese proverb


Everything new stalls because there is precedence for the old.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Two gentlemen met at the club after a long absence and talked.
	"Did you hear about Chumley?", one asked.
	"No, old man, what about him?"
	"Last seen in Africa, you know."
	"No, I didn't."
	"Yes.  Appalling.  Ran off with a gorilla.  Fallen in love."
	"Queer."
	"Not Chumley.  Female gorilla."


Billy:	Mom, you know that vase you said was handed down from
	generation to generation?
Mom:	Yes?
Billy:	Well, this generation dropped it.


It's not so hard to lift yourself by your bootstraps once you're off
the ground.
		-- Daniel B. Luten


The Official Colorado State Vegetable is now the "state legislator".


	"How many people work here?"
	"Oh, about half."


When you're in command, command.
		-- Admiral Nimitz


I despise the pleasure of pleasing people whom I despise.


The test of intelligent tinkering is to save all the parts.
		-- Aldo Leopold


Birds are entangled by their feet and men by their tongues.


Distributed Systems people do it loosely coupled.


Long life is in store for you.


When you meet a master swordsman,
show him your sword.
When you meet a man who is not a poet,
do not show him your poem.
		-- Rinzai, ninth century Zen master


Useful Farsi phrases for Americans traveling to Iran:

AKBAR KHALI-KILI HAFTIR LOTFAN.
	Thank you for showing me your marvelous gun.

FEKR GABUL CARDAN DAVAT PAEH GUSH DIVAR.
	I am delighted to accept your kind invitation to lie down
	on the floor with my arms above my head and my legs apart.

SHOMAEH FEKR TAMOMEH QEH GOFTEH BANDE.
	I agree with everything you have ever said or thought in your life.


INTOXICATED:
	When you feel sophisticated without being able to pronounce it.


There must be more to life than having everything.
		-- Maurice Sendak


A long-forgotten loved one will appear soon.
Buy the negatives at any price.


A society in which women are taught anything but the management of a family,
the care of men, and the creation of the future generation is a society
which is on its way out.
		-- L. Ron Hubbard


One, with God, is always a majority, but many a martyr has been burned at
the stake while the votes were being counted.
		-- Thomas B. Reed


Your mode of life will be changed to ASCII.


I allow the world to live as it chooses,
and I allow myself to live as I choose.


In America today ... we have Woody Allen, whose humor has become so
sophisticated that nobody gets it any more except Mia Farrow.  All
those who think Mia Farrow should go back to making movies where the
devil gets her pregnant and Woody Allen should go back to dressing up
as a human sperm, please raise your hands.  Thank you.
		-- Dave Barry, "Why Humor is Funny"


Fifth Law of Procrastination:
	Procrastination avoids boredom; one never has the feeling that
there is nothing important to do.


If you already know what recursion is, just remember the answer.
Otherwise, find someone who is standing closer to Douglas Hofstadter
than you are; then ask him or her what recursion is.
		-- Andrew Plotkin


If you perceive that there are four possible ways in which a procedure
can go wrong, and circumvent these, then a fifth way will promptly
develop.


What is this line of duty, and suffering?  You are not supposed to suffer
if you are an assassin.  The other person is supposed to suffer.
		-- Chiun, glory of the name of Sinanju, teacher of the youth
		   from outside Sinanju named Remo.


The truth about a woman often lasts longer than the woman is true.


A great nation is any mob of people which produces at least one honest
man a century.


	"Reintegration complete," ZORAC advised.  "We're back in the
universe again..."  An unusually long pause followed, "...but I don't
know which part.  We seem to have changed our position in space."  A
spherical display in the middle of the floor illuminated to show the
starfield surrounding the ship.
	"Several large, artificial constructions are approaching us,"
ZORAC announced after a short pause.  "The designs are not familiar, but
they are obviously the products of intelligence.  Implications: we have
been intercepted deliberately by a means unknown, for a purpose unknown,
and transferred to a place unknown by a form of intelligence unknown.
Apart from the unknowns, everything is obvious."
		-- James P. Hogan, "Giants Star"


You never have to change anything you
got up in the middle of the night to write.
		-- Saul Bellow


Liberty is always dangerous, but it is the safest thing we have.
		-- Harry Emerson Fosdick


America's best buy for a quarter is a telephone call to the right person.


Back in the good ole days in Texas, when stagecoaches and the like was
popular, there were three people in a stagecoach one day: a true red-
blooded born-and-raised Texas gentleman, a tenderfoot city-slicker from
back East, and a beautiful and well-endowed Texas lady.  The city-
slicker kept eyeing the lady, and finally he leaned forward and said,
"Lady, I'll give you $10 for a blow job."  The Texas gentleman looked
appalled, pulled out his pistol, and killed the city-slicker on the
spot.  The lady gasped and said, "Thank you, suh, for defendin' mah
honor!"  Whereupon the Texan holstered his gun and said, "Your honor,
hell!  No tenderfoot is gonna raise the price of women in Texas!"


It was one time too many
One word too few
It was all too much for me and you
There was one way to go
Nothing more we could do
One time too many
One word too few
		-- Meredith Tanner


If you are going to walk on thin ice, you may as well dance.


So many women, and so little time!


Every young man should have a hobby: learning how to handle money is
the best one.
		-- Jack Hurley


FORTUNE REMEMBERS THE GREAT MOTHERS: #6

	"Johnny, if you fall and break your leg, don't come running to me!"
		-- Mrs. Emily Barstow, June 16, 1954


Harry's bar has a new cocktail.  It's called MRS punch.  They make it with
milk, rum and sugar and it's wonderful.  The milk is for vitality and the
sugar is for pep.  They put in the rum so that people will know what to do
with all that pep and vitality.


One of your most ancient writers, a historian named Herodotus, tells of a
thief who was to be executed.  As he was taken away he made a bargain with
the king: in one year he would teach the king's favorite horse to sing
hymns.  The other prisoners watched the thief singing to the horse and
laughed.  "You will not succeed," they told him.  "No one can."
	To which the thief replied, "I have a year, and who knows what might
happen in that time.  The king might die.  The horse might die.  I might die.
And perhaps the horse will learn to sing.
		-- "The Mote in God's Eye", Niven and Pournelle


Spirtle, n.:
	The fine stream from a grapefruit that always lands right in
	your eye.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


PLUG IT IN!!!


Machines that have broken down will work perfectly when the
repairman arrives.


If a system is administered wisely,
its users will be content.
They enjoy hacking their code
and don't waste time implementing
labor-saving shell scripts.
Since they dearly love their accounts,
they aren't interested in other machines.
There may be telnet, rlogin, and ftp,
but these don't access any hosts.
There may be an arsenal of cracks and malware,
but nobody ever uses them.
People enjoy reading their mail,
take pleasure in being with their newsgroups,
spend weekends working at their terminals,
delight in the doings at the site.
And even though the next system is so close
that users can hear its key clicks and biff beeps,
they are content to die of old age
without ever having gone to see it.


Q:	How can you tell when a Polish girl's been sucking cock?
A:	She has a mouthful of feathers.


QWERT (kwirt) n. [MW < OW qwertyuiop, a thirteenth]  1. a unit of weight
equal to 13 poiuyt  avoirdupois  (or 1.69 kiloliks), commonly used in
structural engineering  2. [Colloq.] one thirteenth the load that a fully
grown sligo can carry.  3. [Anat.] a painful  irritation  of  the dermis
in the region of the anus  4. [Slang] person who excites in others the
symptoms of a qwert.
		-- Webster's Middle World Dictionary, 4th ed.


Best Beer: A panel of tasters assembled by the Consumer's Union in 1969
judged Coors and Miller's High Life to be among the very best. Those who
doubt that beer is a serious subject might ponder its effect on American
history. For example, New England's first colonists decided to drop anchor
at Plymouth Rock instead of continuing on to Virginia because, as one of
them put it, "We could not now take time for further consideration, our
victuals being spent and especially our beer."
		-- Felton & Fowler's Best, Worst & Most Unusual


Man is a military animal,
Glories in gunpowder, and loves parade.
		-- P. J. Bailey


Q:	How many right-to-lifers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Two.  One to screw it in and one to say that light started when the
	screwing began.


FORTUNE'S GUIDE TO DEALING WITH REAL-LIFE SCIENCE FICTION: #6
What to do...
    if a starship, equipped with an FTL hyperdrive lands in your backyard?
	First of all, do not run after your camera.  You will not have any
	film, and, given the state of computer animation, noone will believe
	you anyway.  Be polite.  Remember, if they have an FTL hyperdrive,
	they can probably vaporize you, should they find you to be rude.
	Direct them to the White House lawn, which is where they probably
	wanted to land, anyway.  A good road map should help.

    if you wake up in the middle of the night, and discover that your
    closet contains an alternate dimension?
	Don't walk in.  You almost certainly will not be able to get back,
	and alternate dimensions are almost never any fun.  Remain calm
	and go back to bed.  Close the door first, so that the cat does not
	wander off.  Check your closet in the morning.  If it still contains
	an alternate dimension, nail it shut.


Nuclear war can ruin your whole compile.
		-- Karl Lehenbauer


COMPLEX SYSTEM:
	One with real problems and imaginary profits.


Air pollution is really making us pay through the nose.


There are four kinds of homicide: felonious, excusable, justifiable,
and praiseworthy ...
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Prior to this year's Rock & Roll Hall of Fame ceremony, [Cash] went to
the bathroom.  "I was standing at the urinal, and Keith Richards walked
in...  He said, 'Look at this, I'm pissing with Johnny Cash. We need a
picture of this.'  I said, 'No, Keith, we *don't* need a picture of this.'"
		-- Rolling Stone interview with Johnny Cash


No self-made man ever did such a good job
that some woman didn't want to make some alterations.
		-- Kin Hubbard


He that composes himself is wiser than he that composes a book.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


The Israelites were all waiting anxiously at the foot of the mountain,
knowing that Moses had had a tough day negotiating with God over the
Commandments.  Finally a tired Moses came into sight.
	"I've got some good news and some bad news, folks," he said.  "The
good news is that I got Him down to ten.  The bad news is that adultery's
still in."


Pity the meek, for they shall inherit the earth.
		-- Don Marquis


User, n.:
	The word computer professionals use when they mean "idiot."
		-- Dave Barry, "Claw Your Way to the Top"

[I always thought "computer professional" was the phrase hackers used
 when they meant "idiot."  Ed.]


If you push the "extra ice" button on the soft drink vending machine,
you won't get any ice.  If you push the "no ice" button, you'll get
ice, but no cup.


NOTICE:
	Anyone seen smoking will be assumed to be on fire and will
	be summarily put out.


Sir Francis Drake circumcised the world with a 100 foot clipper.


... this is an awesome sight.  The entire rebel resistance buried under six
million hardbound copies of "The Naked Lunch."
		-- The Firesign Theatre


Phosflink, v.:
	To flick a bulb on and off when it burns out (as if, somehow,
	that will bring it back to life).
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Lemme show ya the odds, Sparky...  In yer country, ya got 14 million
black people, and 3 million white people.  Now, does the name "Custer"
mean anything to you?
		-- Robin Williams, portraying Lester Maddox talking to
		   Prime Minister Botha of South Africa.


Over the years, I've developed my sense of deja vu so acutely that now
I can remember things that *have* happened before ...


The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness.
		-- John Muir


HE:	Let's end it all, bequeathin' our brains to science.
SHE:	What?!?  Science got enough trouble with their OWN brains.
		-- Walt Kelley


	Graduating seniors, parents and friends...
	Let me begin by reassuring you that my remarks today will stand up
to the most stringent requirements of the new appropriateness.
	The intra-college sensitivity advisory committee has vetted the
text of even trace amounts of subconscious racism, sexism and classism.
	Moreover, a faculty panel of deconstructionists have reconfigured
the rhetorical components within a post-structuralist framework, so as to
expunge any offensive elements of western rationalism and linear logic.
	Finally, all references flowing from a white, male, eurocentric
perspective have been eliminated, as have any other ruminations deemed
denigrating to the political consensus of the moment.

	Thank you and good luck.
		-- Doonesbury, the University Chancellor's graduation speech.


After we made love he took a piece of chalk and made an outline of my body.
		-- Joan Rivers


And let me the canakin clink, clink;
and let me the canakin clink.
	A soldier's a man;
	O, man's life's but a span,
Why then, let a soldier drink.


		     JACK AND THE BEANSTACK
			  by Mark Isaak

	Long ago, in a finite state far away, there lived a JOVIAL
character named Jack.  Jack and his relations were poor.  Often their
hash table was bare.  One day Jack's parent said to him, "Our matrices
are sparse.  You must go to the market to exchange our RAM for some
BASICs."  She compiled a linked list of items to retrieve and passed it
to him.
	So Jack set out.  But as he was walking along a Hamilton path,
he met the traveling salesman.
	"Whither dost thy flow chart take thou?" prompted the salesman
in high-level language.
	"I'm going to the market to exchange this RAM for some chips
and Apples," commented Jack.
	"I have a much better algorithm.  You needn't join a queue
there; I will swap your RAM for these magic kernels now."
	Jack made the trade, then backtracked to his house.  But when
he told his busy-waiting parent of the deal, she became so angry she
started thrashing.
	"Don't you even have any artificial intelligence?  All these
kernels together hardly make up one byte," and she popped them out the
window ...


In like a dimwit, out like a light.
		-- Pogo


A homeowner's reach should exceed his grasp, or what's a weekend for?


They say it's the responsibility of the media to look at government --
especially the president -- with a microscope.  I don't argue with that,
but when they use a proctoscope, it's going too far.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


