Would that my hand were as swift as my tongue.
		-- Alfieri


McGowan's Madison Avenue Axiom:
	If an item is advertised as "under $50",
	you can bet your ass it's not $19.95.


It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
		-- Walt Disney


QOTD:
	"I was a fifty-four-year-old virgin, but I'm all right now."


Damn braces.
		-- William Blake, "Proverbs of Hell"


Captain's Log, star date 21:34.5...


Do not meddle in the affairs of troff, for it is subtle and quick to anger.


He only knew his iron spine held up the sky -- he didn't realize his brain
had fallen to the ground.
		-- The Book of Serenity


Pedro Guerrero was playing third base for the Los Angeles Dodgers in 1984
when he made the comment that earns him a place in my Hall of Fame.  Second
baseman Steve Sax was having trouble making his throws.  Other players were
diving, screaming, signaling for a fair catch.  At the same time, Guerrero,
at third, was making a few plays that weren't exactly soothing to manager
Tom Lasorda's stomach.  Lasorda decided it was time for one of his famous
motivational meetings and zeroed in on Guerrero: "How can you play third
base like that?  You've gotta be thinking about something besides baseball.
What is it?"
	"I'm only thinking about two things," Guerrero said.  "First, `I
hope they don't hit the ball to me.'"  The players snickered, and even
Lasorda had to fight off a laugh.  "Second, `I hope they don't hit the ball
to Sax.'"
		-- Joe Garagiola, "It's Anybody's Ball Game"


How many software engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?
None: "We'll document it in the manual."


Massachusetts has the best politicians money can buy.


And so it goes.  It is humiliating, when you should know better, to become
victim of the timeless story of the little brown dog running across the
freight yard, crossing all the railroad tracks until a switch engine nipped
off the end of his tail between wheel and rail.  The little dog yelped, and
he spun so quickly to check himself out that the next wheel chopped through
his little brown neck.  The moral is, of course, never lose your head over
a piece of tail.
		-- John D. MacDonald, "The Scarlet Ruse"


The early bird who catches the worm works for someone who comes in late
and owns the worm farm.
		-- Travis McGee


People respond to people who respond.


This ae nighte, this ae nighte,
Everye nighte and alle,
Fire and sleet and candlelyte,
And Christe receive thy saule.
		-- The Lykewake Dirge


No modern woman with a grain of sense ever sends little notes to an
unmarried man -- not until she is married, anyway.
		-- Arthur Binstead


There is an innocence in admiration; it is found in those to whom it
has not yet occurred that they, too, might be admired some day.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half
of the people are right more than half of the time.
		-- E. B. White


Hubbard's Law:
	Don't take life too seriously;
	you won't get out of it alive.


Excerpt from a DEC field service document:

....
- none of these should have made it to customers.  BUT you could loosen the
screws and lift system board at fan end while powering on to see if OCP
comes up - this is not recommended unless you have three hands.


A liberal is a person whose interests aren't at stake at the moment.
		-- Willis Player


"Virtual" means never knowing where your next byte is coming from.


Per buck you get more computing action with the small computer.
		-- R. W. Hamming


I am convinced that the manufacturers of carpet odor removing powder
have included encapsulated time released cat urine in their products.
This technology must be what prevented its distribution during my mom's
reign.  My carpet smells like piss, and I don't have a cat.  Better go
buy some more.
		-- timw@zeb.USWest.COM


Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.


A kid'll eat the middle of an Oreo, eventually.


Throw away documentation and manuals,
and users will be a hundred times happier.
Throw away privileges and quotas,
and users will do the Right Thing.
Throw away proprietary and site licenses,
and there won't be any pirating.

If these three aren't enough,
just stay at your home directory
and let all processes take their course.


But don't you worry, its for a cause -- feeding global corporations
paws.


We give advice, but we cannot give the wisdom to profit by it.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


The default Magic Word, "Abracadabra", actually is a corruption of the
Hebrew phrase "ha-Bracha dab'ra" which means "pronounce the blessing".


A policeman is walking his beat when he finds an inebriated man collapsed
against a building, weeping uncontrollably and holding his car keys in his
hands.  He's moaning something about how "They took my car!"  Seeing that
the man is well-dressed, the officer suspects that he may have a real case
of theft on his hands and attempts to question the man.
	"What happened to your car?"
	"My car, it was right on the end of my key, and those bastards
stole it!  Please officer, get my Porsche back.  My God, it was right on
the end of my key!  Where is it?  They stole it and it was right here;
right on my key!"
	"OK, OK, stand up, we'll see what we can do.  You'll have to come
down to the stat...  Mister, your fly's unzipped and you're exposing
yourself!"
	"Oh my God, they stole my girlfriend!"


You know the Norplant thing?  It's a new birth control device for women.
It's a cartridge, that goes in your arm.  Well, they're coming out with
a new one for men: it's a brain, that goes in your head.


The most important service rendered by the press is that of educating
people to approach printed matter with distrust.


Virtue would go far if vanity did not keep it company.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


Never kick a man, unless he's down.


Do not despair of life.  You have no doubt force enough to overcome
your obstacles.  Think of the fox prowling through wood and field in
a winter night for something to satisfy his hunger.  Notwithstanding
cold and hounds and traps, his race survives.  I do not believe any
of them ever committed suicide.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


Symptom:		Drinking fails to give taste and satisfaction, beer is
			unusually pale and clear.
Problem:		Glass empty.
Action Required:	Find someone who will buy you another beer.

Symptom:		Drinking fails to give taste and satisfaction,
			and the front of your shirt is wet.
Fault:			Mouth not open when drinking or glass applied to
			wrong part of face.
Action Required:	Buy another beer and practice in front of mirror.
			Drink as many as needed to perfect drinking technique.

		-- Bar Troubleshooting


Her figure described a set of parabolas that could cause cardiac arrest
in a yak.
		-- Woody Allen


When you find yourself in danger,
When you're threatened by a stranger,
When it looks like you will take a lickin'...

There is one thing you should learn,
When there is no one else to turn to,
	Caaaall for Super Chicken!!  (**bwuck-bwuck-bwuck-bwuck**)
	Caaaall for Super Chicken!!


Boy!  Eucalyptus!


One hundred and one uses for canned peaches.
One hundred and two if you plan to eat them.


All that glitters is not gold; all that wander are not lost.


Brunette bush, n.:
	The dark side of the moon.


Death is a spirit leaving a body, sort
of like a shell leaving the nut behind.
		-- Erma Bombeck


A young boy is told by his puritanical father than he should never have
sex with a woman, because a woman has teeth in her vagina and will bite
off his penis.
	The years go by, and the boy finally marries.  After a rather
uninspiring honeymoon his wife finally confronts him and demands that he
tell her why he won't make love to her.
	"Well, honey," he replies.  "You have... teeth... down there."
	"What!?" she replies unbelievingly.  "No I don't!  Honest, darling,
come here and look for yourself."
	The man rather hesitantly examines her very thoroughly.
	"There!" his wife says triumphantly.  "Now do you believe me?"
	"Yes," replied her husband.  "And your gums are in *terrible*
condition."


I don't care for the Sugar Smacks commercial.  I don't like the idea of
a frog jumping on my Breakfast.
		-- Lowell, Chicago Reader 10/15/82


At no time is freedom of speech more precious than when a man hits his
thumb with a hammer.
		-- Marshall Lumsden


		The Guy on the Right Doesn't Stand a Chance
The guy on the right has the Osborne 1, a fully functional computer system
in a portable package the size of a briefcase.  The guy on the left has an
Uzi submachine gun concealed in his attache case.  Also in the case are four
fully loaded, 32-round clips of 125-grain 9mm ammunition.  The owner of the
Uzi is going to get more tactical firepower delivered -- and delivered on
target -- in less time, and with less effort.  All for $795. It's inevitable.
If you're going up against some guy with an Osborne 1 -- or any personal
computer -- he's the one who's in trouble.  One round from an Uzi can zip
through ten inches of solid pine wood, so you can imagine what it will do
to structural foam acrylic and sheet aluminum.  In fact, detachable magazines
for the Uzi are available in 25-, 32-, and 40-round capacities, so you can
take out an entire office full of Apple II or IBM Personal Computers tied
into Ethernet or other local-area networks.  What about the new 16-bit
computers, like the Lisa and Fortune?  Even with the Winchester backup,
they're no match for the Uzi.  One quick burst and they'll find out what
Unix means.  Make your commanding officer proud.  Get an Uzi -- and come home
a winner in the fight for office automatic weapons.
		-- "InfoWorld", June, 1984


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #21

	Shall I compare thee to a Summer day?
	No, I guess not.


Don't hit a man when he's down -- kick him; it's easier.


But like the Good Book says... There's BIGGER DEALS to come!


He thought of Musashi, the Sword Saint, standing in his garden more than
three hundred years ago. "What is the 'Body of a rock'?" he was asked.
In answer, Musashi summoned a pupil of his and bid him kill himself by
slashing his abdomen with a knife.  Just as the pupil was about to comply,
the Master stayed his hand, saying, "That is the 'Body of a rock'."
		-- Eric Van Lustbader


One difference between a man and a machine
is that a machine is quiet when well oiled.


I'd love to go out with you, but I never go out on days that end in
"Y".


Abraham Lincoln didn't die in vain.  He died in Washington, D.C.


I know what you're up to, you white-feathered fiend!
Go release your bowels on some lesser personage!
		-- W. C. Fields, upon seeing a bird overhead


Hear about...
	the frustrated musician who worked all week on an arrangement and
	then his wife didn't leave town?


A sense of desolation and uncertainty, of futility, of the baselessness
of aspirations, of the vanity of endeavor, and a thirst for a life giving
water which seems suddenly to have failed, are the signs in consciousness
of this necessary reorganization of our lives.

It is difficult to believe that this state of mind can be produced by the
recognition of such facts as that unsupported stones always fall to the
ground.
		-- J. W. N. Sullivan


You buttered your bread, now lie in it!


The difference between a career and a job is about 20 hours a week.


Life is a series of rude awakenings.
		-- R. V. Winkle


A gambler's biggest thrill is winning a bet.
His next biggest thrill is losing a bet.


Beifeld's Principle:
	The probability of a young man meeting a desirable and
receptive young female increases by pyramidal progression when he is
already in the company of: (1) a date, (2) his wife, (3) a better
looking and richer male friend.


To generalize is to be an idiot.
		-- William Blake


The language of politics is poetry, not prose.  Jackson is poetry.
Cuomo is poetry.  Dukakis is a word processor.
		-- Richard M. Nixon, on Meet the Press, April, 1988


Most fish live underwater, which is a terrible place to have sex
because virtually anywhere you lie down there will be stinging crabs
and large quantities of little fish staring at you with buggy little
eyes.  So generally when two fish want to have sex, they swim around
and around for hours, looking for someplace to go, until finally the
female gets really tired and has a terrible headache, and she just
dumps her eggs right on the sand and swims away.  Then the male, driven
by some timeless, noble instinct for survival, eats the eggs.  So the
truth is that fish don't reproduce at all, but there are so many of
them that it doesn't make any difference.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sex and the Single Amoeba: What Every
		   Teen Should Know"


Hindsight is always 20:20.
		-- Billy Wilder


You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.


Many are cold, but few are frozen.


Hi, I'm Preston A. Mantis, president of Consumers Retail Law Outlet.
As you can see by my suit and the fact that I have all these books of
equal height on the shelves behind me, I am a trained legal attorney.
Do you have a car or a job?  Do you ever walk around?  If so, you
probably have the makings of an excellent legal case.  Although of
course every case is different, I would definitely say that based on my
experience and training, there's no reason why you shouldn't come out
of this thing with at least a cabin cruiser.

Remember, at the Preston A. Mantis Consumers Retail Law Outlet, our
motto is:  "It is very difficult to disprove certain kinds of pain."
		-- Dave Barry, "Pain and Suffering"


The mome rath isn't born that could outgrabe me.
		-- Nicol Williamson


Women sometimes forgive a man who forces the opportunity,
but never a man who misses one.
		-- Charles De Talleyrand-Perigord


You know, Callahan's is a peaceable bar, but if
you ask that dog what his favorite formatter is,
and he says "roff! roff!", well, I'll just have to...


Hacker, n.:
	Originally, any person with a knack for coercing stubborn inanimate
things; hence, a person with a happy knack, later contracted by the mythical
philosopher Frisbee Frobenius to the common usage, "hack."
	In olden times, upon completion of some particularly atrocious body
of coding that happened to work well, culpable programmers would gather in
a small circle around a first edition of Knuth's Best Volume I by candlelight,
and proceed to get very drunk while sporadically rending the following ditty:

		Hacker's Fight Song

		He's a Hack!  He's a Hack!
		He's a guy with the happy knack!
		Never bungles, never shirks,
		Always gets his stuff to work!

All take a drink (important!)


A Riverside, California, health ordinance states that two persons may
not kiss each other without first wiping their lips with carbolized
rosewater.


There is no TRUTH.  There is no REALITY.  There is no CONSISTENCY.
There are no ABSOLUTE STATEMENTS.  I'm very probably wrong.


In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice.
In practice, there is.


Space tells matter how to move and matter tells space how to curve.
		-- Wheeler


Sex without love is an empty experience, but,
as empty experiences go, it's one of the best.
		-- Woody Allen


Schizophrenia beats being alone.


You go down to the pickup station,
	craving warmth and beauty;
You settle for less than fascination --
	a few drinks later you're not so choosy.
And the closing lights strip off the shadows
	on this strange new flesh you've found --
Clutching the night to you like a fig leaf
	you hurry to the blackness
	and the blankets to lay down an impression
	and your loneliness.
		-- Joni Mitchell


Money may buy friendship but money cannot buy love.


As flies to wanton boys are we to the gods; they kill us for their sport.
		-- William Shakespeare, "King Lear"


Did you know that some people your age have sex
thirty-seven times in a week?  And die immediately after?


Never settle with words what you can accomplish with a flame thrower.


Nihilism should commence with oneself.


All phone calls are obscene.
		-- Karen Elizabeth Gordon


Those who are mentally and emotionally healthy are those who have
learned when to say yes, when to say no and when to say whoopee.
		-- W. S. Krabill


The Heineken Uncertainty Principle:
	You can never be sure how many beers you had last night.


Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day.
Teach a man to fish, and he'll invite himself over for dinner.
		-- Calvin Keegan


When I was a kid I said to my father one afternoon, "Daddy, will you
take me to the zoo?" He answered, "If the zoo wants you let them come
and get you."
		-- Jerry Lewis


Laughter is the closest distance between two people.
		-- Victor Borge


When there are two conflicting versions of the story, the wise course
is to believe the one in which people appear at their worst.
		-- H. Allen Smith, "Let the Crabgrass Grow"


I don't think they are going to give a shit about the Republican
Committee trying to bug the Democratic Committee's headquarters.
		-- Richard M. Nixon, 1972


Grinnell's Law of Labor Laxity:
	At all times, for any task, you have not got enough done today.


Over 5,000 years ago, Moses said to the children of Israel,
	"Pick up your shovels, mount your asses and load your camels,
and I will lead you to the promised land."
	Not too long ago, Roosevelt said, "Lay down your shovels, sit on
your asses, light a Camel, this is the promised land."
	Now Nixon is stealing your shovels, kicking your asses, raising
the price of Camels, and mortgaging the promised land.


We all declare for liberty, but in using the
same word we do not all mean the same thing.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


 U       X
e dUdX, e dX, cosine, secant, tangent, sine, 3.14159...


I BET WHAT HAPPENED was they discovered fire and invented the wheel on
the same day.  Then that night, they burned the wheel.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


"Art" is the ability to separate the significant from the insignificant.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


A woman is like your shadow; follow her,
she flies; fly from her, she follows.
		-- Chamfort


Love your enemies:  they'll go crazy
trying to figure out what you're up to.


Phosflink, v.:
	To flick a bulb on and off when it burns out (as if, somehow,
	that will bring it back to life).
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Love is sentimental measles.


In our civilization, and under our republican form of government, intelligence
is so highly honored that it is rewarded by exemption from the cares of office.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Now there's a violent movie titled, "The Croquet Homicide,"
or "Murder With Mallets Aforethought."
		-- Shelby Friedman, WSJ


Moody bitch with attitude, seeks nice,
good-looking guy to dump on.


If the government doesn't trust the people, why
doesn't it dissolve them and elect a new people?


Thyme's Law:
	Everything goes wrong at once.


British education is probably the best in the world, if you can survive
it.  If you can't there is nothing left for you but the diplomatic corps.
		-- Peter Ustinov


	The Martian landed his saucer in Manhattan, and immediately upon
emerging was approached by a panhandler.  "Mister," said the man, "can I
have a quarter?"
	The Martian asked, "What's a quarter?"
	The panhandler thought a minute, brightened, then said, "You're
right!  Can I have a dollar?"


What pains others pleasures me,
At home am I in Lisp or C;
There i couch in ecstasy,
'Til debugger's poke i flee,
Into kernel memory.
In system space, system space, there shall i fare--
Inside of a VAX on a silicon square.


	America, Russia and Japan are sending up a two year shuttle mission
with one astronaut from each country.  Since it's going to be two long, lonely
years up there, each may bring any form of entertainment weighing 150 pounds
or less.  The American approaches the NASA board and asks to take his 125 lb.
wife. They approve.
	The Japanese astronaut says, "I've always wanted to learn Latin.  I
want 100 lbs. of textbooks."  The NASA board approves.  The Russian astronaut
thinks for a second and says, "Two years...  all right, I want 150 pounds of
the best Cuban cigars ever made."  Again, NASA okays it.
	Two years later, the shuttle lands and everyone is gathered outside
to welcome back the astronauts.  Well, it's obvious what the American's been
up to, he and his wife are each holding an infant.  The crowd cheers.  The
Japanese astronaut steps out and makes a 10 minute speech in absolutely
perfect Latin.  The crowd doesn't understand a word of it, but they're
impressed and they cheer again.  The Russian astronaut stomps out, clenches
the podium until his knuckles turn white, glares at the first row and
screams: "Anybody got a match?"


I don't remember it, but I have it written down.


