The most disagreeable thing that your worst enemy says to your face does
not approach what your best friends say behind your back.
		-- Alfred De Musset


Let your conscience be your guide.
		-- Pope


A physicist is an atom's way of knowing about atoms.
		-- George Wald


Catch a wave and you're sitting on top of the world.
		-- The Beach Boys


May you have warm words on a cold evening,
a full moon on a dark night,
and a smooth road all the way to your door.


Willie, looking in the mirror,		Willie with the nursery shears
Sucked the mercury off			Cut off both the baby's ears.
Thinking in his childish error		To the baby so unsightly
It would cure the whooping cough.	Mother raised her eyebrows slightly.

At the funeral his weeping mother	In the family drinking well
Sadly said to Mrs. Brown,		Willie pushed his sister, Nell.
"'Twas a chilly day for Willie		She's there still because it killed her,
When the mercury went down."		Now, we have to buy a filter.


There are three things I always forget.  Names, faces -- the third I
can't remember.
		-- Italo Svevo


Because the wine remembers.


After making a daring escape from the penitentiary, the convict eluded
bloodhounds and police roadblocks and dodged helicopter searchlights on
his way to see his wife.  Finally sneaking in the back entrance, he knocked
on the door and smiled triumphantly as she opened it.  "Where the hell have
you been?" she blared.  "You busted out more than six hours ago!"


The fucking ain't worth the fighting.


I have made mistakes but I have never made the
mistake of claiming that I have never made one.
		-- James Gordon Bennett


Immature artists imitate, mature artists steal.
		-- Lionel Trilling


Style may not be the answer, but at least it's a workable alternative.


Football combines the two worst features of American life.
It is violence punctuated by committee meetings.
		-- George F. Will, "Men At Work:  The Craft of Baseball"


Do you think that when they asked George Washington for ID that he
just whipped out a quarter?
		-- Steven Wright


I go the way that Providence dictates.
		-- Adolf Hitler


When one wants to get rid of an unsupportable pressure, one needs hashish.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


QOTD:
	"Oh, no, no...  I'm not beautiful.  Just very, very pretty."


One of the chief duties of the mathematician in acting as an
advisor... is to discourage... from expecting too much from
mathematics.
		-- N. Wiener


Conceit causes more conversation than wit.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


If God doesn't destroy San Francisco,
He should apologize to Sodom and Gomorrah.


Wishing without work is like fishing without bait.
		-- Frank Tyger


This unit... must... survive.


She ran the gamut of emotions from "A" to "B".
		-- Dorothy Parker, on a Kate Hepburn performance


No is no negative in a woman's mouth.
		-- Sidney


Ignorance is bliss.
		-- Thomas Gray

Fortune updates the great quotes, #42:
	BLISS is ignorance.


	Deck us all with Boston Charlie,
	Walla Walla, Wash., an' Kalamazoo!
	Nora's freezin' on the trolley,
	Swaller dollar cauliflower, alleygaroo!

	Don't we know archaic barrel,
	Lullaby Lilla Boy, Louisville Lou.
	Trolley Molly don't love Harold,
	Boola boola Pensacoola hullabaloo!
		-- Pogo, "Deck Us All With Boston Charlie"


I believe in an America where the separation of church and state is absolute
-- where no Catholic prelate would tell the president (should he be Catholic)
how to act, and no Protestant minister would tell his parishioners for whom
to vote -- where no church or church school is granted any public funds or
political preference -- and where no man is denied public office merely
because his religion differs from the president who might appoint him or
the people who might elect him.
		-- John F. Kennedy


You can lead a whore to Vasser, but you can't make her think.
		-- Frederick B. Artz


It is better to wear out than to rust out.


Mittsquinter, adj.:
	A ballplayer who looks into his glove after missing the ball,
	as if, somehow, the cause of the error lies there.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Aphorism, n.:
	A concise, clever statement.
Afterism, n.:
	A concise, clever statement you don't think of until too late.
		-- James Alexander Thom


The superior man understands what is right;
the inferior man understands what will sell.
		-- Confucius


Politics is like coaching a football team.  You have to be smart
enough to understand the game but not smart enough to lose interest.


Anyone who uses the phrase "easy as taking candy from a baby" has never
tried taking candy from a baby.
		-- Robin Hood


When you're not looking at it, this fortune is written in FORTRAN.


There is in certain living souls
A quality of loneliness unspeakable,
So great it must be shared
As company is shared by lesser beings.
Such a loneliness is mine; so know by this
That in immensity
There is one lonelier than you.


There are four stages to a marriage.  First there's the affair, then there's
the marriage, then children and finally the fourth stage, without which you
cannot know a woman, the divorce.
		-- Norman Mailer


Q:	What's a light-year?
A:	One-third less calories than a regular year.


A lisping fag fell off a pleasure yacht and began to scream.  "Help! Help, I
can't thwim!"  One of the other passengers heard the caterwauling and leaned
over the rail, remarking, "Really, there's no need to scream.  Just reach out
and grab that buoy near you."  To which the floundering sodomite answered,
"Buoy!  Oh, thith ith no time for thekth, you degenerate... I'm dwowning!"


Too much is just enough.
		-- Mark Twain, on whiskey


Only a mediocre person is always at his best.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


This product is meant for educational purposes only.  Any resemblance to real
persons, living or dead is purely coincidental.  Void where prohibited.  Some
assembly may be required.  Batteries not included.  Contents may settle during
shipment.  Use only as directed.  May be too intense for some viewers.  If
condition persists, consult your physician.  No user-serviceable parts inside.
Breaking seal constitutes acceptance of agreement.  Not responsible for direct,
indirect, incidental or consequential damages resulting from any defect, error
or failure to perform.  Slippery when wet.  For office use only.  Substantial
penalty for early withdrawal.  Do not write below this line.  Your canceled
check is your receipt.  Avoid contact with skin.  Employees and their families
are not eligible.  Beware of dog.  Driver does not carry cash.  Limited time
offer, call now to insure prompt delivery.  Use only in well-ventilated area.
Keep away from fire or flame.  Some equipment shown is optional.  Price does
not include taxes, dealer prep, or delivery.  Penalty for private use.  Call
toll free before digging.  Some of the trademarks mentioned in this product
appear for identification purposes only.  All models over 18 years of age.  Do
not use while operating a motor vehicle or heavy equipment.  Postage will be
paid by addressee.  Apply only to affected area.  One size fits all.  Many
suitcases look alike.  Edited for television.  No solicitors.  Reproduction
strictly prohibited.  Restaurant package, not for resale.  Objects in mirror
are closer than they appear.  Decision of judges is final.  This supersedes
all previous notices.  No other warranty expressed or implied.


Instead of loving your enemies, treat your friends a little better.
		-- Edgar W. Howe


In buying horses and taking a wife
shut your eyes tight and commend yourself to God.


What happens when you cut back the jungle?  It recedes.


This thing all things devours:
Birds, beasts, trees, flowers;
Gnaws iron, bites steel;
Grinds hard stones to meal;
Slays king, ruins town,
And beats high mountain down.


"Whom are you?" said he, for he had been to night school.
		-- George Ade


The fearless old bishop of Brest
Put his faith in the Lord to the test.
	He fucked whores in the apse
	With chancres and claps,
But first they were sprinkled and blessed.


It's ten o'clock; do you know where your processes are?


	All that you touch,		And all you create,
	All that you see,		And all you destroy,
	All that you taste,		All that you do,
	All you feel,			And all you say,
	And all that you love,		All that you eat,
	And all that you hate,		And everyone you meet,
	All you distrust,		All that you slight,
	All you save,			And everyone you fight,
	And all that you give,		And all that is now,
	And all that you deal,		And all that is gone,
	All that you buy,		And all that's to come,
	Beg, borrow or steal,		And everything under the sun is
						in tune,
					But the sun is eclipsed
					By the moon.

There is no dark side of the moon... really... matter of fact it's all dark.
		-- Pink Floyd, "Dark Side of the Moon"


	"And what will you do when you grow up to be as big as me?"
asked the father of his little son.
	"Diet."


Ritchie's Rule:
	(1) Everything has some value -- if you use the right currency.
	(2) Paint splashes last longer than the paint job.
	(3) Search and ye shall find -- but make sure it was lost.


There was a phone call for you.


But I find the old notions somehow appealing.  Not that I want to go
back to them -- it is outrageous to have some outer authority tell you
what is proper use and abuse of your own faculties, and it is ludicrous
to hold reason higher than body or feeling.  Still there is something
true and profoundly sane about the belief that acts like murder or
theft or assault violate the doer as well as the done to.  We might
even, if we thought this way, have less crime.  The popular view of
crime, as far as I can deduce it from the movies and television, is
that it is a breaking of a rule by someone who thinks they can get away
with that; implicitly, everyone would like to break the rule, but not
everyone is arrogant enough to imagine they can get away with it.  It
therefore becomes very important for the rule upholders to bring such
arrogance down.
		-- Marilyn French, "The Woman's Room"


It is now 10 p.m.  Do you know where Henry Kissinger is?
		-- Elizabeth Carpenter


There is a natural hootchy-kootchy to a goldfish.
		-- Walt Disney


Parsley is gharsley.
		-- Ogden Nash


Misfortune, n.:
	The kind of fortune that never misses.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


    ***
  *******
 *********
 ****** Confucius say: "Is stuffy inside fortune cookie."
  *******
    ***


You will never know hunger.


Always do right.  This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
		-- Mark Twain


Then there was the guy that got badly messed up fighting
for his girl's honor.  It seems she wanted to keep it.


Hanson's Treatment of Time:
	There are never enough hours in a day,
	but always too many days before Saturday.


Football builds self-discipline.  What else would induce
a spectator to sit out in the open in subfreezing weather?


The Great Movie Posters:

SCENES THAT WILL STAGGER YOUR SIGHT!
-- DANCING CALLED GO-GO
-- MUSIC CALLED JU-JU
-- NARCOTICS CALLED BANGI!
-- FIRES OF PUBERTY!
	SEE the burning of a virgin!
	SEE power of witch doctor over women!
	SEE pygmies with fantastic Physical Endowments!!!
		-- Kwaheri (1965)

The Big Comedy of Nineteen-Sexty-Sex!
		-- Boeing-Boeing (1965)

AN ASTRONAUT WENT UP-
A "GUESS WHAT" CAME DOWN!
	The picture that comes complete with a 10-foot tall monster to
give you the wim-wams!
		-- Monster a Go-Go (1965)


Q:	What do WASPs do instead of making love?
A:	Rule the country.


I've always considered statesmen to be more expendable than soldiers.


A bunch of Polish scientists decided to flee their repressive government by
hijacking an airliner and forcing the pilot to fly them to the West.  They
drove to the airport, forced their way on board a large passenger jet, and
found there was no pilot on board.  Terrified, they listened as the sirens
got louder.  Finally, one of the scientists suggested that since he was an
experimentalist, he would try to fly the aircraft.
	He sat down at the controls and tried to figure them out.  The sirens
got louder and louder.  Armed men surrounded the jet.  The would be pilot's
friends cried out, "Please, please take off now!!!  Hurry!!!"
	The experimentalist calmly replied, "Have patience.  I'm just a simple
pole in a complex plane."


Mieux vaut tard que jamais!


Sometime when you least expect it, Love will tap you on the shoulder...
and ask you to move out of the way because it still isn't your turn.
		-- N. V. Plyter


May the bluebird of happiness twiddle your bits.


Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States.  Ask
any Indian.
		-- Robert Orben

Immigration is the sincerest form of flattery.
		-- Jack Paar


FORTUNE ANSWERS THE TOUGH QUESTIONS: #3

Q:	Why haven't you graduated yet?
A:	Well, Dad, I could have finished years ago, but I wanted
	my dissertation to rhyme.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #11

MONOPOLI:
	Peter Weir's classic film examining the false heroism of parlour
	games.  The powerful ending of the film sees one young man after
	another charge toward GO, only to senselessly lose his life on the
	Boardwalk property.


Higgeldy Piggeldy,
Hamlet of Elsinore
Ruffled the critics by dropping this bomb:
"Phooey on Freud and his Psychoanalysis --
Oedipus, Shmoedipus, I just loved Mom."


The Great Movie Posters:

When You're Six Tons -- And They Call You Killer -- It's Hard To Make
Friends...
		-- Namu, the Killer Whale (1966)

Meet the Girls with the Thermo-Nuclear Navels!
		-- Dr. Goldfoot and the Girl Bombs (1966)

A GHASTLY TALE DRENCHED WITH GOUTS OF BLOOD SPURTING FROM THE VICTIMS
OF A CRAZED MADMAN'S LUST.
		-- A Taste of Blood (1967)


History is the version of past events that people have decided to agree on.
		-- Napoleon Bonaparte, "Maxims"


Here's the holiday schedule for Monday's observation of Martin Luther
King, Jr.'s birthday, when the following will be closed:

	* Governmental offices
	* Post offices
	* Libraries
	* Schools
	* Banks
	* Parts of Palm Beach

and the mind of Senator Jesse Helms of North Carolina.
		-- Dennis Miller, "Saturday Night Live"


Whip it, baby.
Whip it right.
Whip it, baby.
Whip it all night!


Couldn't we jury-rig the cat to act as an audio switch, and have it yell
at people to save their core images before logging them out?  I'm sure
the cattle prod would be effective in this regard.  In any case, a traverse
mounted iguana, while more perverted, gives better traction, not to mention
being easier to stake.


If in doubt, mumble.


Sed quis custodiet ipsos Custodes?
[Who guards the Guardians?]


Whatever the missing mass of the universe is, I hope it's not
cockroaches!
		-- Mom


It shall be unlawful for any suspicious person to be within the
municipality.
		-- Local ordinance, Euclid Ohio


If you wish to live wisely, ignore sayings -- including this one.


Don't dip your wick in a WAC,
Don't ride the breast of a WAVE,
	Just sit in the sand
	And do it by hand,
And buy bonds with the money you save.


Bierman's Laws of Contracts:
	(1) In any given document, you can't cover all the "what if's".
	(2) Lawyers stay in business resolving all the unresolved "what if's".
	(3) Every resolved "what if" creates two unresolved "what if's".


Giles:	 What do you want?
Angelus: I want to torture you.  I used to love it, it's been a long time.
	 I mean, the last time I tortured somebody, they didn't even _H_A_V_E
	 chain saws.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Becoming, Part 2"
		   Season 2, Episode 22


TRANSVESTITE:
	Someone who spends his junior year at college abroad.


I can't complain, but sometimes I still do.
		-- Joe Walsh


Do not worry about which side your
bread is buttered on: you eat BOTH sides.


The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
		-- Mark Twain


Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to
build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying
to produce bigger and better idiots.  So far, the Universe is winning.
		-- Rich Cook


8 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Woman:

 1. You rarely (if ever) find beer labels on the shower curtain rod.
 2. A beer doesn't care when you come.
 3. Beer doesn't have a mother.
 4. Beer doesn't need much closet space.
 5. A beer won't accuse you of lying when you say you read Playboy
	"just for the articles".
 6. Beer doesn't mind seeing Chuck Norris and Charles Bronson flicks.
 7.  Beer doesn't always want to go to the 'powder room' with everyone
	else's beer.
 8. When you're through with a beer, the thought of another beer doesn't
	make you ill.


"For the tenth time, dull Daphnis," said Chloe,
"You have told me my bosom is snowy;
	You have made much fine verse on
	Each part of my person,
Now do something -- there's a good boy!"


Then there was the Formosan bartender named Taiwan-On.


The good news is that the horse is dead, but your mother's pregnant.


Brogan's Constant:
	People tend to congregate in the back
	of the church and the front of the bus.


The deceased was killed by 1207.3557298 Volts AC RMS applied by
accident when he brushed against the output terminal of a John B.
Fluke Company High Voltage Calibrator.
		-- fictitious coroner's report by Mike Andrews


Things are not always what they seem.
		-- Phaedrus


HE:	Let's end it all, bequeathin' our brains to science.
SHE:	What?!?  Science got enough trouble with their OWN brains.
		-- Walt Kelley


It's a funny thing that when a woman hasn't got anything
on earth to worry about, she goes off and gets married.


I am more bored than you could ever possibly be.  Go back to work.


Down to the Banana Republics,
Down to the tropical sun.
Go the expatriated Americans,
Hoping to find some fun.
Some of them go for the sailing,
Caught by the lure of the sea.
Trying to find what is ailing,
Living in the land of the free.
Some of them are running from lovers,
Leaving no forward address.
Some of them are running tons of ganja,
Some are running from the IRS.
Late at night you will find them,
In the cheap hotels and bars.
Hustling the senoritas,
While they dance beneath the stars.
		-- Jimmy Buffet, "Banana Republics"


The party adjourned to a hot tub, yes.  Fully clothed, I might add.
		-- IBM employee, testifying in California State Supreme Court


====================
Inter-Dwarf Memo
To: Dwarf-list
From: Doc
Re: S. White

	If that bitch cleans one more thermometer with Ajax, I'm gonna kill
her.  I'll give her apples, nice big apples.  With surprises inside. Yeah,
surprises.


Can anyone remember when the times
were not hard, and money not scarce?


Even a blind pig stumbles upon a few acorns.


May Euell Gibbons eat your only copy of the manual!


Being asked solicitously about the state of her health was becoming bothersome
to the pregnant woman at the cocktail party.  And yet another guest went over
and inquired, "Well, how are you feeling these days?"
	"Not too well," said the expectant mother.  "You know, I've missed
seven or eight periods now and it's beginning to worry me."


The Worst Jury
	A murder trial at Manitoba in February 1978 was well advanced, when
one juror revealed that he was completely deaf and did not have the
remotest clue what was happening.
	The judge, Mr. Justice Solomon, asked him if he had heard any
evidence at all and, when there was no reply, dismissed him.
	The excitement which this caused was only equalled when a second
juror revealed that he spoke not a word of English.  A fluent French
speaker, he exhibited great surprised when told, after two days, that he
was hearing a murder trial.
	The trial was abandoned when a third juror said that he suffered
from both conditions, being simultaneously unversed in the English language
and nearly as deaf as the first juror.
	The judge ordered a retrial.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Love is in the offing.  Be affectionate to one who adores you.


Q:	What's the difference between a Mac and an Etch-a-Sketch?
A:	You don't have to shake the Mac to clear the screen.


Do not clog intellect's sluices with bits of knowledge of questionable uses.


Look before you leap.
		-- Samuel Butler


Women's Libbers are OK.  I just wouldn't want my sister to marry one.


The higher you climb, the more you show your ass.
		-- Alexander Pope, "The Dunciad"


He who trains his tongue to quote the learned
sages, will be known far and wide as a smart ass.
		-- Howard Kandel


Never argue with a fool -- people might not be able to tell the difference.


It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you place the blame.


I remember Ulysses well...  Left one day for the post office
to mail a letter, met a blonde named Circe on the streetcar,
and didn't come back for 20 years.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(28) Abraham Lincoln saved this nation.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Menu, n.:
	A list of dishes which the restaurant has just run out of.


Q:	How many Democrats does it take to enjoy a good joke?
A:	One more than you can find.


Computer scientists are programmed to do it by macro insertion.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(29) The Los Angeles Raiders will never be the team they were when they
     called Oakland home.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Your education begins where what is called your education is over.


Ya know, Quaker Oats make you feel good twice!


The full potentialities of human fury cannot be reached until a friend
of both parties tactfully interferes.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


Scintillate, scintillate, globule vivific,
Fain how I pause at your nature specific,
Loftily poised in the ether capacious,
Highly resembling a gem carbonaceous.
Scintillate, scintillate, globule vivific,
Fain how I pause at your nature specific.


Humility is the first of the virtues -- for other people.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	Go away.  You bother me.
	Why?  Because life is unfair.
	That's a nice drawing.  What is it?
	Children should be seen and not heard.
	You'll be the death of me.
	You'll understand when you're older.
	Because.
	Wipe that smile off your face.
	I don't believe you.
	How many times have I told you to be careful?
	Just because.


Van Roy's Law:
	Honesty is the best policy - there's less competition.

Van Roy's Truism:
	Life is a whole series of circumstances beyond your control.


Drilling for oil is boring.


Reading is thinking with someone else's head instead of one's own.


Jane and I got mixed up with a television show -- or as we call it back
east here: TV -- a clever contraction derived from the words Terrible
Vaudeville. However, it is our latest medium -- we call it a medium
because nothing's well done. It was discovered, I suppose you've heard,
by a man named Fulton Berle, and it has already revolutionized social
grace by cutting down parlour conversation to two sentences: "What's on
television?" and "Good night".
		-- Goodman Ace, letter to Groucho Marx, in The Groucho
		   Letters, 1967


If I don't drive around the park,
I'm pretty sure to make my mark.
If I'm in bed each night by ten,
I may get back my looks again.
If I abstain from fun and such,
I'll probably amount to much;
But I shall stay the way I am,
Because I do not give a damn.
		-- Dorothy Parker


A new 'chutist had just jumped from the plane at 10,000 feet, and soon
discovered that all his lines were hopelessly tangled.  At about 5,000 feet,
still struggling, he noticed someone coming up from the ground at about the
same speed as he was going towards the ground.  As they passed each other at
3,000 feet, the 'chutist yells, "HEY! DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT PARACHUTES?"
	The reply came, fading towards the end, "NO!  DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT COLEMAN STOVES?"


	"Daddy?"
	"Yes son."
	"Wha-wha-wha-what does regret mean?"
	"Well, son, a funny thing about regret is that it's better to regret
something you have done, than to regret something you haven't done.  And by
the way, if you see your Mom this weekend, would you be sure and tell her,
`SATAN, SATAN, SATAN!!!'"
		-- Butthole Surfers, "Sweat Loaf"


In Corning, Iowa, it's a misdemeanor for a man to ask his wife to ride
in any motor vehicle.


Our policy is, when in doubt, do the right thing.
		-- Roy L. Ash, ex-president, Litton Industries


WASP, n.:
	Someone who gets out of the shower to take a piss.


Anything cut to length will be too short.


Any great truth can -- and eventually will -- be expressed as a cliche --
a cliche is a sure and certain way to dilute an idea.  For instance, my
grandmother used to say, "The black cat is always the last one off the
fence."  I have no idea what she meant, but at one time, it was undoubtedly
true.
		-- Solomon Short


Save energy:  Drive a smaller shell.


QOTD:
	"Overweight is when you step on your dog's tail and it dies."


Surly to bed, surly to rise, makes you about average.


Well, it's hard for a mere man to believe that woman doesn't have equal
rights.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


I/O, I/O,
It's off to disk I go,
A bit or byte to read or write,
I/O, I/O, I/O...


Q:	How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	You won't find a lawyer who can change a light bulb.  Now, if
	you're looking for a lawyer to screw a light bulb...


Half the posts to this group are about masturbation and the other half
are about penis size.  And what I want to know is, if all you're doing
is jerking off, why do you care how big it is?
		-- From alt.sex


A Mexican newspaper reports that bored Royal Air Force pilots stationed
on the Falkland Islands have devised what they consider a marvelous new
game.  Noting that the local penguins are fascinated by airplanes, the
pilots search out a beach where the birds are gathered and fly slowly
along it at the water's edge.  Perhaps ten thousand penguins turn their
heads in unison watching the planes go by, and when the pilots turn
around and fly back, the birds turn their heads in the opposite
direction, like spectators at a slow-motion tennis match.  Then, the
paper reports, "The pilots fly out to sea and directly to the penguin
colony and overfly it.  Heads go up, up, up, and ten thousand penguins
fall over gently onto their backs.
		-- Audubon Society Magazine

[From the BBC, 2001-02-02:
	For five weeks, a team from the British Antarctic Survey (BAS)
monitored 1,000 king penguins on the island of South Georgia as Lynx
helicopters passed overhead.
	"Not one king penguin fell over when the helicopters came over,"
said team leader Dr. Richard Stone.
	"As the aircraft approached, the birds went quiet and stopped
calling to each other, and adolescent birds that were not associated
with nests began walking away from the noise. Pure animal instinct,
really."
	The conclusion, said Dr. Stone, is that flights over 305 metres
(1,000 feet) caused "only minor and transitory ecological effects" on
king penguins.]


They will only cause the lower classes to move about needlessly.
		-- The Duke of Wellington, on early steam railroads


In a consumer society there are inevitably two kinds of slaves:
the prisoners of addiction and the prisoners of envy.


Morton's Law:
	If rats are experimented upon, they will develop cancer.


Liberace was at heaven's gate when Saint Peter told him that he'd been
disqualified from entering.
	Stunned, Liberace asked, "Why?"
	"Our records show that you once ate a parakeet," Saint Peter answered.
	"I never did that," Liberace replied.  "Can't you check your records?
They *must* be wrong!"
	"It says right here that on August 15, 1981, you ate a chartreuse
parakeet with black trim."
	"Hey, listen, you must be thinking of Ozzy Osbourne, " Liberace
replied. "Now, I might have had a cockatoo..."


Hi, I'm Preston A. Mantis, president of Consumers Retail Law Outlet.
As you can see by my suit and the fact that I have all these books of
equal height on the shelves behind me, I am a trained legal attorney.
Do you have a car or a job?  Do you ever walk around?  If so, you
probably have the makings of an excellent legal case.  Although of
course every case is different, I would definitely say that based on my
experience and training, there's no reason why you shouldn't come out
of this thing with at least a cabin cruiser.

Remember, at the Preston A. Mantis Consumers Retail Law Outlet, our
motto is:  "It is very difficult to disprove certain kinds of pain."
		-- Dave Barry, "Pain and Suffering"


The District of Columbia has a law forbidding you to exert pressure on
a balloon and thereby cause a whistling sound on the streets.


It takes all kinds to fill the freeways.
		-- Crazy Charlie


Hildebrant's Principle:
	If you don't know where you are going,
	any road will get you there.


Life only demands from you the strength you possess.
Only one feat is possible -- not to have run away.
		-- Dag Hammarskjold


My friend has a baby.  I'm writing down all the noises he makes so
later I can ask him what he meant.
		-- Steven Wright


New, adj.:
	Different color from previous model.


	A pushy romeo asked a gorgeous elevator operator, "Don't all
these stops and starts get you pretty worn out?"
	"It isn't the stops and starts that get on my nerves, it's the
jerks."


Violence is a sword that has no handle -- you have to hold the blade.


I would rather be a serf in a poor man's house
and be above ground than reign among the dead.
		-- Achilles, "The Odyssey", XI, 489-91


Would you rather have a 5-inch hard or an 8-inch floppy?


Don't kiss an elephant on the lips today.


Ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny.


Violence is molding.


			DELETE A FORTUNE!

Don't some of these fortunes just drive you nuts?!  Wouldn't you like
to see some of them deleted from the system?  You can!  Just mail to
"fortune" with the fortune you hate most, and we MIGHT make sure it
gets expunged.


If you cannot convince them, confuse them.
		-- Harry S. Truman


Q:	Why should you always serve a Southern Carolina football man
	soup in a plate?
A:	'Cause if you give him a bowl, he'll throw it away.


On the night before her family moved from Kansas to California, the little
girl knelt by her bed to say her prayers.  "God bless Mommy and Daddy and
Keith and Kim," she said.  As she began to get up, she quickly added, "Oh,
and God, this is goodbye.  We're moving to Hollywood."


If you live in New York, even if you're Catholic, you're Jewish.
		-- Lenny Bruce


