Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards,
for they become soggy and hard to light.

Do not throw cigarette butts in the urinal,
for they are subtle and quick to anger.


CAPRICORN (Dec 22 - Jan 19)
	Play your hunches.  This is a day when luck will play an important
	part in your life.  If you were smarter, you wouldn't need so much
	luck and you wouldn't be reading your horoscope, either.  You are
	a suspicious person, and it will occur to you that astrologers
	don't know what they're talking about any more than your Aunt Martha.


...why should you waste a single moment of *your* life seeming to be something
you don't want to be?  Lord, that's so simple.  If you hate your job, quit it.
If your friends are tedious, go out and find new friends.  You are queer, you
lucky fool, and that makes you one of life's buccaneers, free from the clutter
of 2000 years of Judeo-Christian sermonizing.  Stop feeling sorry for yourself
and start raising your sails.  You haven't a moment to lose.
		-- Edmund Carlevale


Of all men's miseries, the bitterest is this:
to know so much and have control over nothing.
		-- Herodotus


Audacity, and again, audacity, and always audacity.
		-- G. J. Danton


What do I consider a reasonable person to be?  I'd say a reasonable person
is one who accepts that we are all human and therefore fallible, and takes
that into account when dealing with others.  Implicit in this definition is
the belief that it is the right and the responsibility of each person to
live his or her own life as he or she sees fit, to respect this right in
others, and to demand the assumption of this responsibility by others.


I grew up in an Italian family, you know, the strange thing about
Italians -- they're so Jewish.
		-- Kay Ballard


A raccoon tangled with a 23,000 volt line today.  The results
blacked out 1400 homes and, of course, one raccoon.
		-- Steel City News


Pompoir:  The most sought-after feminine sexual response of all.

'She must... close and constrict the Yoni until it holds the Lingam as with
a finger, opening and shutting at her pleasure, and finally acting as the
hand of the Gopala-girl who milks the cow.  This can be learned only by long
practice, and especially by throwing the will into the part affected, even
as men endeavor to sharpen their hearing...  Her husband will then value her
above all other women, nor would he exchange her for the most beautiful
queen in the Three Worlds...  Among some races the constrictor vaginae muscles
are abnormally developed.  In Abyssinia for instance, a woman can so exert
them as to cause pain to a man, and when sitting on his thighs, she can
induce orgasm without moving any other part of her person.  Such an artist
is called by the Arabs Kabbazah, literally, a holder, and it's not surprising
that slave dealers pay large sums for her'  Thus Richard Burton.  It has
nothing to do with 'race' but a lot to do with practice.  See exercises.
		-- The Joy of Sex


I would like to know
What I was fencing in
And what I was fencing out.
		-- Robert Frost


Women are always anxious to urge bachelors to matrimony; is it
from charity, or revenge?
		-- Gustave Vapereau


: is not an identifier


If you think before you speak the other guy gets his joke in first.


There is a green, multi-legged creature crawling on your shoulder.


Men are those creatures with two legs and eight hands.
		-- Jayne Mansfield


Try to value useful qualities in one who loves you.


An Aggie farmer was lifting his hogs, one by one, up to the branches of
his apple trees to graze on the apples.  A Texas student walked by and
asked him, "Doesn't that take a lot of time?"
	Replied the Aggie, "What's time to a hog?"


Government spending?  I don't know what it's all about.  I don't know any
more about this thing than an economist does, and, God knows, he doesn't
know much.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


Stay together, drag each other down.


You know if they ever find a way to harness sarcasm as an energy source,
you people are all going to owe me big.
		-- Bill Paul


Living in LA is like not having a date on Saturday night.
		-- Candice Bergen


Hi! How are things going?
	(just fine, thank you...)
Great! Say, could I bother you for a question?
	(you just asked one...)
Well, how about one more?
	(one more than the first one?)
Yes.
	(you already asked that...)
[at this point, Alphonso gets smart...	]
May I ask two questions, sir?
	(no.)
May I ask ONE then?
	(nope...)
Then may I ask, sir, how I may ask you a question?
	(yes, you may.)
Sir, how may I ask you a question?
	(you must ask for retroactive question asking privileges for
	 the number of questions you have asked, then ask for that
	 number plus two, one for the current question, and one for the
	 next one)
Sir, may I ask nine questions?
	(go right ahead...)


Here is a test to find whether your mission on earth is finished:
if you're alive, it isn't.


If you catch a man, throw him back.
		-- Woman's Liberation Slogan, c. 1975


He's the kind of guy, that, well, if you were ever in a jam he'd
be there... with two slices of bread and some chunky peanut butter.


This novel is not to be tossed lightly aside, but to be hurled with
great force.
		-- Dorothy Parker


The Worst Lines of Verse
For a start, we can rule out James Grainger's promising line:
	"Come, muse, let us sing of rats."
Grainger (1721-67) did not have the courage of his convictions and deleted
these words on discovering that his listeners dissolved into spontaneous
laughter the instant they were read out.
	No such reluctance afflicted Adam Lindsay Gordon (1833-70) who was
inspired by the subject of war.
	"Flash! flash! bang! bang! and we blazed away,
	And the grey roof reddened and rang;
	Flash! flash! and I felt his bullet flay
	The tip of my ear.  Flash! bang!"
By contrast, Cheshire cheese provoked John Armstrong (1709-79):
	"... that which Cestria sends, tenacious paste of solid milk..."
While John Bidlake was guided by a compassion for vegetables:
	"The sluggard carrot sleeps his day in bed,
	The crippled pea alone that cannot stand."
George Crabbe (1754-1832) wrote:
	"And I was ask'd and authorized to go
	To seek the firm of Clutterbuck and Co."
William Balmford explored the possibilities of religious verse:
	"So 'tis with Christians, Nature being weak
	While in this world, are liable to leak."
And William Wordsworth showed that he could do it if he really tried when
describing a pond:
	"I've measured it from side to side;
	Tis three feet long and two feet wide."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Armor's Axiom:
	Virtue is the failure to achieve vice.


It is idle to attempt to talk a young woman out of her passion:
love does not lie in the ear.
		-- Walpole


Be self-reliant and your success is assured.


We was playin' the Homestead Grays in the city of Pitchburgh.  Josh
[Gibson] comes up in the last of the ninth with a man on and us a run
behind.  Well, he hit one.  The Grays waited around and waited around,
but finally the empire rules it ain't comin' down.  So we win.  The
next day, we was disputin' the Grays in Philadelphia when here come
a ball outta the sky right in the glove of the Grays' center fielder.
The empire made the only possible call.  "You're out, boy!" he says
to Josh.  "Yesterday, in Pitchburgh."
		-- Satchel Paige


I live the way I type; fast, with a lot of mistakes.


Fifth Law of Applied Terror:
	If you are given an open-book exam, you will forget your book.
Corollary:
	If you are given a take-home exam, you will forget where you live.


If you have nothing to do, don't do it here.


If you stew apples like cranberries,
they taste more like prunes than rhubarb does.
		-- Groucho Marx


A major, with wonderful force,
Called out in Hyde Park for a horse.
	All the flowers looked round,
	But no horse could be found;
So he just rhododendron, of course.


They're just jealous because they don't have three
wise men and a virgin in the whole organization.
		-- Mayor Vincent J. "Buddy" Cianci, on the
		   ACLU's suit to have a city nativity scene removed.


	"But Huey, you PROMISED!"
	"Tell 'em I lied."


We've sent a man to the moon, and that's 29,000 miles away.  The center
of the Earth is only 4,000 miles away.  You could drive that in a week,
but for some reason nobody's ever done it.
		-- Andy Rooney


She often gave herself very good advice
(though she very seldom followed it).
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


	"Gee, Mudhead, everyone at Morse Science High has an
extracurricular activity except you."
	"Well, gee, doesn't Louise count?"
	"Only to ten, Mudhead."
		-- The Firesign Theatre


Someday somebody has got to decide whether the
typewriter is the machine, or the person who operates it.


Editing is a rewording activity.


Saliva causes cancer, but only if swallowed
in small amounts over a long period of time.
		-- George Carlin


Lawful Dungeon Master -- and they're MY laws!


Picking up the pieces of my sweet shattered dream,
I wonder how the old folks are tonight,
Her name was Ann, and I'll be damned if I recall her face,
She left me not knowing what to do.

Carefree Highway, let me slip away on you,
Carefree Highway, you seen better days,
The morning after blues, from my head down to my shoes,
Carefree Highway, let me slip away, slip away, on you...

Turning back the pages to the times I love best,
I wonder if she'll ever do the same,
Now the thing that I call livin' is just bein' satisfied,
With knowing I got noone left to blame.
Carefree Highway, I got to see you, my old flame...

Searching through the fragments of my dream shattered sleep,
I wonder if the years have closed her mind,
I guess it must be wanderlust or tryin' to get free,
From the good old faithful feelin' we once knew.
		-- Gordon Lightfoot, "Carefree Highway"


The harder they come, the more important it is to have
an extra-firm mattress.


It looks like blind screaming hedonism won out.


That all men should be brothers is the dream of people who have no brothers.
		-- Charles Chincholles, "Pensees de tout le monde"


When my freshman roommate at Cornell found out I was Jewish, she was,
at her request, moved to a different room.  She told me she didn't
think she had ever seen a Jew before.  My only response was to begin
wearing a small Star of David on a chain around my neck.  I had not
become a more observing Jew; rather, discovering that the label of
Jew was offensive to others made me want to let people know who I
was and what I believed in.  Similarly, after talking to these young
women -- one of whom told me that she didn't think she had ever met
a feminist -- I've taken to identifying myself as a feminist in the
most unlikely of situations.
		-- Susan Bolotin, "Voices From the Post-Feminist Generation"


A man may sometimes be forgiven the kiss to which he is not entitled,
but never the kiss he has not the initiative to claim.


By the yard, life is hard.
By the inch, it's a cinch.


Seems this guy showed up at a party, and all of his friends jumped for
Joy.  But she sidestepped, and they missed.


O imitators, you slavish herd!
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Pompoir:  The most sought-after feminine sexual response of all.

'She must... close and constrict the Yoni until it holds the Lingam as with
a finger, opening and shutting at her pleasure, and finally acting as the
hand of the Gopala-girl who milks the cow.  This can be learned only by long
practice, and especially by throwing the will into the part affected, even
as men endeavor to sharpen their hearing...  Her husband will then value her
above all other women, nor would he exchange her for the most beautiful
queen in the Three Worlds...  Among some races the constrictor vaginae muscles
are abnormally developed.  In Abyssinia for instance, a woman can so exert
them as to cause pain to a man, and when sitting on his thighs, she can
induce orgasm without moving any other part of her person.  Such an artist
is called by the Arabs Kabbazah, literally, a holder, and it's not surprising
that slave dealers pay large sums for her'  Thus Richard Burton.  It has
nothing to do with 'race' but a lot to do with practice.  See exercises.
		-- The Joy of Sex


Do something unusual today.  Pay a bill.


	"How many people work here?"
	"Oh, about half."


Remember folks.  Street lights timed for 35 MPH are also timed for 70 MPH.
		-- Jim Samuels


I'd like to see the government get out of war altogether and leave the
whole field to private industry.
		-- Joseph Heller


	In the days when Sussman was a novice Minsky once came to him as he
sat hacking at the PDP-6.
	"What are you doing?", asked Minsky.
	"I am training a randomly wired neural net to play Tic-Tac-Toe."
	"Why is the net wired randomly?", inquired Minsky.
	"I do not want it to have any preconceptions of how to play".
	At this Minsky shut his eyes, and Sussman asked his teacher "Why do
you close your eyes?"
	"So that the room will be empty."
	At that moment, Sussman was enlightened.


Sin lies only in hurting other people unnecessarily.
All other "sins" are invented nonsense.
(Hurting yourself is not sinful -- just stupid).
		-- Lazarus Long


The warden of the De Luxington preparatory school for boys was holding a
hearing.  The lad before his desk, a very popular young fellow, was angrily
accusing one of his schoolmates of having assaulted him sexually.
	"I must warn you, m'boy, this is a very serious charge, the warden
said.
	"I don't care.  I tell you it is true.  He raped me, warden."  The
youth pointed to another, somewhat larger boy smirking in the corner.
"That's him, sir, the one who forced me to do all those crimes against
nature.  The bully!"
	"Now tell me, son, as closely as you can, when this happened."
	"Sir, two weeks ago on Wednesday at 4:00, then at 7:00 that same
evening, on Friday, twice on Saturday, two times on Monday, once on
Wednesday, and then he met that bitch Roy and he hasn't touched me since."


One could not be a successful scientist without realizing that, in contrast
to the popular conception supported by newspapers and mothers of scientists,
a goodly number of scientists are not only narrow-minded and dull, but also
just stupid.
		-- J. D. Watson, "The Double Helix"


Double!


Payeen to a Twang
Derrida
Ore-Ida
potato.

If you dared,
I'd ask you
to go dig
up your ides under brown-
tubered skies.

where pitchforked
you will ask
Derrida?


I am an optimist.  It does not seem too much use being anything else.
		-- Winston Churchill


Prosperity makes friends, adversity tries them.
		-- Publilius Syrus


A gorgeous young sophomore is having an affair with her English
professor.  She goes home to visit her family for Christmas vacation
and when she gets back, she immediately invites him over for the
night.  As soon as he walks through the door she hugs him and
asks, "Were you blue while I was away?"
	"Blown, my dear," the professor corrects her, "blown."


Hear about...
	the fellow who got ten years for pumping Ethyl behind the station?


The rules:

1:  Thou shalt not worship other computer systems.
2:  Thou shalt not impersonate Liberace or eat watermelon while sitting at
	the console keyboard.
3:  Thou shalt not slap users on the face, nor staple their silly little
	card decks together.
4:  Thou shalt not get physically involved with the computer system,
	especially if you're already married.
5:  Thou shalt not use magnetic tapes as Frisbees, nor use a disk pack as
	a stool to reach another disk pack.
6:  Thou shalt not stare at the blinking lights for more than one 8 hour
	shift.
7:  Thou shalt not tell users that you accidentally destroyed their
	files/backup just to see the look on their little faces.
8:  Thou shalt not enjoy canceling a job.
9:  Thou shalt not display firearms in the computer room.
10: Thou shalt not push buttons "just to see what happens".


It wasn't that she had a rose in her teeth, exactly.
It was more like the rose and the teeth were in the same glass.


It's from Casablanca.  I've been waiting all my life to use that line.
		-- Woody Allen, "Play It Again, Sam"


[Norm goes into the bar at Vic's Bowl-A-Rama.]

Off-screen crowd:  Norm!
Sam:   How the hell do they know him here?
Cliff: He's got a life, you know.
		-- Cheers, From Beer to Eternity

Woody: What can I do for you, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Elope with my wife.
		-- Cheers, The Triangle

Woody: How's life, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Oh, I'm waiting for the movie.
		-- Cheers, Take My Shirt... Please?


Home of Doberman Propulsion Laboratories:
The ultimate in watchdog weaponry.
		-- Chris Shaw


For flavor, instant sex will never supersede the stuff you have to peel
and cook.
		-- Quentin Crisp


What you don't know can hurt you, only you won't know it.


Has anyone ever tasted an "end"?  Are they really bitter?


It does not do to leave a live dragon out of your calculations.


Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for you are crunchy and good
with ketchup.


We call our dog Egypt, because in every room he leaves a pyramid.


	For three years, the young attorney had been taking his brief
vacations at this country inn.  The last time he'd finally managed an
affair with the innkeeper's daughter.  Looking forward to an exciting
few days, he dragged his suitcase up the stairs of the inn, then stopped
short.  There sat his lover with an infant on her lap!
	"Helen, why didn't you write when you learned you were pregnant?"
he cried.  "I would have rushed up here, we could have gotten married,
and the baby would have my name!"
	"Well," she said, "when my folks found out about my condition,
we sat up all night talkin' and talkin' and finally decided it would be
better to have a bastard in the family than a lawyer."


As a professional humorist, I often get letters from readers who are
interested in the basic nature of humor.  "What kind of a sick
perverted disgusting person are you," these letters typically ask,
"that you make jokes about setting fire to a goat?" ...
		-- Dave Barry, "Why Humor is Funny"


The idea is to die young as late as possible.
		-- Ashley Montague


Hear about...
	the guy who had his vasectomy done by Sears?
	Every time he gets a hard-on, the garage door goes up.


Timing must be perfect now.
Two-timing must be better than perfect.


This guy walks into a bank and up to a female bank teller:

Man:	"I want to open a fuckin' savings account."
Teller:	"Excuse me, sir?"
M:	"Listen, bitch, I want to open a fuckin' savings account."
T:	"Sir, I don't have to listen to this abusive language."
M:	"LOOK!  I just want to open a fuckin' savings account."
T:	"Sir, you leave me no choice but to speak to the manager."

The teller walks over and explains the customer's rude behavior to the bank
manager who then accompanies her back to the teller booth.

Mgr:	"Can I help you, sir?"
M:	"I want to open a fuckin' savings account."
Mgr:	"Please, sir, we'll be delighted to help you, but we must request
	that you not use abusive language to our tellers."
M:	"Look. I just won $25 million in the state lottery and I want to
	open a fuckin' savings account!"
Mgr:	"I see.  And has this cunt been giving you any trouble?"


Small things make base men proud.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


Recursion: n. See Recursion.
		-- Random Shack Data Processing Dictionary


SERENDIPITY:
	The process by which human knowledge is advanced.


My mother didn't breast-feed me.  She said she liked me as a friend.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


Hard work may not kill you, but why take the chance?


A grade school teacher, who was doing a unit on World War II heard that
the father of one of her students had been a fighter pilot during the war
with one of the Scandinavian Air Forces.  She invited him to come in and
speak to the class.  The guy was more than happy to talk, and began with
a story about a morning patrol where he had been nearly shot down.
	"We had been up for about 20 minutes flying over enemy held
territory, when we noticed, just in time, 3 Fokkers diving on us from above."
At the first mention of `Fokkers' the class giggled a little bit.
	"Our group broke formation, and began the dog-fighting.  As we
fought, we noticed 2 more Fokkers coming at us from above and 2 more
Fokkers, fresh from the landing field, come to join the battle".
At this second and third mention of `Fokkers' the class was almost laughing
openly, and the teacher interrupted the story to ask the pilot to explain
to the class that a `Fokker' was a particular type of plane flown by the
German Air Force.
	He replied, "Ya, dat is true, but these Fokkers were Messerschmitts."


The road to hell is paved with good intentions.  And littered with
sloppy analysis!


It's a naive, domestic operating system without any
breeding, but I think you'll be amused by its presumption.


There's something different about us -- different from people of Europe,
Africa, Asia ... a deep and abiding belief in the Easter Bunny.
		-- G. Gordon Liddy


Cthulhu Cthucks!


Here I am, fifty-eight, and I still don't know what I want to be when
I grow up.
		-- Peter Drucker


Morton's Law:
	If rats are experimented upon, they will develop cancer.


Laugh when you can; cry when you must.


Fortune Documents the Great Legal Decisions:

It is a rule of evidence deduced from the experience of mankind and
supported by reason and authority that positive testimony is entitled to
more weight than negative testimony, but by the latter term is meant
negative testimony in its true sense and not positive evidence of a
negative, because testimony in support of a negative may be as positive
as that in support of an affirmative.
		-- 254 Pac. Rep. 472


The urge to gamble is so universal and its practice so pleasurable
that I assume it must be evil.
		-- Heywood Broun


The sixth sheik's sixth sheep's sick.
		-- [just say that five times...]


The camel has a single hump;
The dromedary two;
Or else the other way around.
I'm never sure.  Are you?
		-- Ogden Nash


Grig (the navigator):
	... so you see, it's just the two of us against the entire space
	armada.
Alex (the gunner):
	What?!?
Grig:	I've always wanted to fight a desperate battle against
	overwhelming odds.
Alex:	It'll be a slaughter!
Grig:	That's the spirit!
		-- The Last Starfighter


Howe's Law:
	Everyone has a scheme that will not work.


The best defense against logic is ignorance.


Disclaimer: "These opinions are my own, though for a small fee they be
yours too."
		-- Dave Haynie


I watch television because you don't know what it will do if you leave it
in the room alone.


I can write better than anybody who can write faster,
and I can write faster than anybody who can write better.
		-- A. J. Liebling


Dr. Livingston?
Dr. Livingston I. Presume?


YOU TOO CAN MAKE BIG MONEY IN THE EXCITING FIELD OF PAPER SHUFFLING!

Mr. Smith of Muddle, Mass. says:  "Before I took this course I used to be
a lowly bit twiddler.  Now with what I learned at MIT Tech I feel really
important and can obfuscate and confuse with the best."

Mr. Watkins had this to say:  "Ten short days ago all I could look forward
to was a dead-end job as an engineer.  Now I have a promising future and
make really big Zorkmids."

MIT Tech can't promise these fantastic results to everyone, but when
you earn your MDL degree from MIT Tech your future will be brighter.

		SEND FOR OUR FREE BROCHURE TODAY!


To keep your friends treat them kindly;
to kill them, treat them often.


Lots of folks confuse bad management with destiny.
		-- Frank Hubbard


The only people for me are the mad ones -- the ones who are mad to live,
mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time,
the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn
like fabulous yellow Roman candles.
		-- Jack Kerouac, "On the Road"


The less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag.
		-- Kin Hubbard


Depart in pieces, i.e., split.


A snake lurks in the grass.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)


The computer is the ultimate polluter.
Its shit is indistinguishable from the food it produces.


The "cutting edge" is getting rather dull.
		-- Andy Purshottam


User hostile.


paak, n:	A stadium or inclosed playing field. To put or leave (a
			vehicle) for a time in a certain location.
patato, n:	The starchy, edible tuber of a widely cultivated plant.
Septemba, n:	The 9th month of the year.
shua, n:	Having no doubt; certain.
sista, n:	A female having the same mother and father as the speaker.
tamato, n:	A fleshy, smooth-skinned reddish fruit eaten in salads
			or as a vegetable.
troopa, n:	A state policeman.
Wista, n:	A city in central Masschewsetts.
yaad, n:	A tract of ground adjacent to a building.
		-- Massachewsetts Unabridged Dictionary


Q:	How many DEC repairmen does it take to fix a flat?
A:	Five; four to hold the car up and one to swap tires.

Q:	How long does it take?
A:	It's indeterminate.
	It will depend upon how many flats they've brought with them.

Q:	What happens if you've got TWO flats?
A:	They replace your generator.


Do married women make the best wives?


Potahto' Pictures Productions Presents:

	SPUD ROGERS OF THE 25TH CENTURY: Story of an Air Force potato that's
left in a rarely used chow hall for over two centuries and wakes up in a world
populated by soybean created imitations under the evil Dick Tater.  Thanks to
him, the soy-potatoes learn that being a 'tater is where it's at.  Memorable
line, "'Cause I'm just a stud spud!"

	FRIDAY THE 13TH DINER SERIES: Crazed potato who was left in a
fryer too long and was charbroiled carelessly returns to wreak havoc on
unsuspecting, would-be teen camp cooks.  Scenes include a girl being stuffed
with chives and Fleischman's Margarine and a boy served up on a side dish
with beets and dressing.  Definitely not for the squeamish, or those on
diets that are driving them crazy.

	FRIDAY THE 13TH DINER II,III,IV,V,VI: Much, much more of the same.
Except with sour cream.


Progress means replacing a theory that
is wrong with one more subtly wrong.


... Our second completely true news item was sent to me by Mr. H. Boyce
Connell, Jr. of Atlanta, Ga., where he is involved in a law firm.  One
thing I like about the South is, folks there care about tradition.  If
somebody gets handed a name like "H. Boyce," he hangs on to it, puts it
on his legal stationery, even passes it to his son, rather than do what
a lesser person would do, such as get it changed or kill himself.
		-- Dave Barry, "This Column is Nothing but the Truth!"


Kludge, n.:
	An ill-assorted collection of poorly-matching parts, forming a
	distressing whole.
		-- Jackson Granholm, "Datamation"


Bureaucrat, n.:
	A person who cuts red tape sideways.
		-- J. McCabe


Beam me up, Scotty!  It ate my phaser!


All progress is based upon a universal innate desire of every organism
to live beyond its income.
		-- Samuel Butler, "Notebooks"


Treat your friend as if he might become an enemy.
		-- Publilius Syrus


Antique fairy tale: Little Red Riding Hood.
Modern fairy tale: Oswald, acting alone, shot Kennedy.


Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday,
lying in hospitals dying of nothing.
		-- Redd Foxx


	Once, when the secrets of science were the jealously guarded property
of a small priesthood, the common man had no hope of mastering their arcane
complexities.  Years of study in musty classrooms were prerequisite to
obtaining even a dim, incoherent knowledge of science.
	Today all that has changed: a dim, incoherent knowledge of science is
available to anyone.
		-- Tom Weller, "Science Made Stupid"


Having lost his potency years before, the octogenarian was desperate to
satisfy his new 18-year-old wife.  He visited a gypsy woman with magical
powers.
	After the man downed a foul-tasting potion, the gypsy said, "There.
Now the words beep-beep will give you an enormous erection.  Repeating
the phrase will make it disappear.  But remember," she cautioned, "it will
work only three times.  Make use of them wisely."
	As the old man left, he decided to test her prediction.  "Beep-beep,"
he said, and sure enough, he got the biggest erection of his life.
"Beep-beep", he repeated.  It went away.
	He sped through traffic on his way home.  "Beep-beep," honked a taxi.
The old man gasped as he instantly got hard.
	"Beep-beep," honked a truck.  His erection wilted.
	Pulling into his driveway at last, the frantic man rushed inside
and found his nubile wife lying on the bed reading a novel.
	"Have I got a surprise for you," he said, tearing off his clothes.
"Beep-beep!"
	"Hold on a second," his wife said, eyeing his magnificent erection.
"What's all this beep-beep shit?"


Experience is not what happens to you;
it is what you do with what happens to you.
		-- Aldous Huxley


No amount of genius can overcome a preoccupation with detail.


If you took all the students that felt asleep in class and laid them
end to end, they'd be a lot more comfortable.
		-- "Graffiti in the Big Ten"


MODESTY:
	Being comfortable that others will discover your greatness.


Don
Ameche:	I didn't know you had a cousin Penelope, Bill!
	Was she pretty?
W. C.:	Well, her face was so wrinkled it looked like seven miles of
	bad road.  She had so many gold teeth, Don, she use to have
	to sleep with her head in a safe.  She died in Bolivia.
Don:	Oh Bill, it must be hard to lose a relative.
W. C.:	It's almost impossible.
		-- W. C. Fields, "The Further Adventures of Larson E.
		   Whipsnade and other Tarradiddles"


If you just try long enough and hard enough, you can always manage to boot
yourself in the posterior.
		-- A. J. Liebling, "The Press"


Everyone *knows* cats are on a higher level of existence.  These silly humans
are just to big-headed to admit their inferiority.
	Just think what a nicer world this would be if it were controlled by
cats.
	You wouldn't see cats having waste disposal problems.
	They're neat.
	They don't have sexual hangups.  A cat gets horny, it does something
about it.
	They keep reasonable hours.  You *never* see a cat up before noon.
	They know how to relax.  Ever heard of a cat with an ulcer?
	What are the chances of a cat starting a nuclear war?  Pretty negligible.
It's not that they can't, they just know that there are much better things to
do with ones time.  Like lie in the sun and sleep.  Or go exploring the world.


If you put your supper dish to your ear you can hear the sounds of a
restaurant.
		-- Snoopy


The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance.


Never give an inch!


The heaviest object in the world is the
body of the woman you have ceased to love.
		-- Marquis de Lac de Clapiers Vauvenargues


Life is a serious burden, which no thinking,
humane person would wantonly inflict on someone else.
		-- Clarence Darrow


Year, n.:
	A period of three hundred and sixty-five disappointments.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Everybody knows that the dice are loaded.  Everybody rolls with their
fingers crossed.  Everybody knows the war is over.  Everybody knows the
good guys lost.  Everybody knows the fight was fixed: the poor stay
poor, the rich get rich.  That's how it goes.  Everybody knows.

Everybody knows that the boat is leaking.  Everybody knows the captain
lied.  Everybody got this broken feeling like their father or their dog
just died.

Everybody talking to their pockets.  Everybody wants a box of chocolates
and long stem rose.  Everybody knows.

Everybody knows that you love me, baby.  Everybody knows that you really
do.  Everybody knows that you've been faithful, give or take a night or
two.  Everybody knows you've been discreet, but there were so many people
you just had to meet without your clothes.  And everybody knows.

And everybody knows it's now or never.  Everybody knows that it's me or you.
And everybody knows that you live forever when you've done a line or two.
Everybody knows the deal is rotten: Old Black Joe's still pickin' cotton
for you ribbons and bows.  And everybody knows.
		-- Leonard Cohen, "Everybody Knows"


God save us from a bad neighbor and a beginner on the fiddle.


Art is a jealous mistress.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Here is a simple experiment that will teach you an important electrical
lesson: On a cool, dry day, scuff your feet along a carpet, then reach
your hand into a friend's mouth and touch one of his dental fillings.
Did you notice how your friend twitched violently and cried out in
pain?  This teaches us that electricity can be a very powerful force,
but we must never use it to hurt others unless we need to learn an
important electrical lesson.

It also teaches us how an electrical circuit works.  When you scuffed
your feet, you picked up batches of "electrons", which are very small
objects that carpet manufacturers weave into carpets so they will
attract dirt.  The electrons travel through your bloodstream and
collect in your finger, where they form a spark that leaps to your
friend's filling, then travels down to his feet and back into the
carpet, thus completing the circuit.

Amazing Electronic Fact: If you scuffed your feet long enough without
touching anything, you would build up so many electrons that your
finger would explode!  But this is nothing to worry about unless you
have carpeting.
		-- Dave Barry, "What is Electricity?"


Hatred, n.:
	A sentiment appropriate to the occasion of another's
	superiority.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #2
	Horses are forbidden to eat fire hydrants in Marshalltown, Iowa.


It has long been known that one horse can run faster
than another -- but which one?  Differences are crucial.
		-- Lazarus Long


No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.


Trust me:
	Los Angeles for "Fuck you, your mother, and the horse
	she rode in on."


Pardon me, sir, but you've obviously
mistaken me for someone who gives a shit.


Peers's Law:
The solution to a problem changes the nature of the problem.


	"Somewhere", said Father Vittorini, "did Blake not speak of the
Machineries of Joy?  That is, did not God promote environments, then
intimidate these Natures by provoking the existence of flesh, toy men and
women, such as are we all?  And thus happily sent forth, at our best, with
good grace and fine wit, on calm noons, in fair climes, are we not God's
Machineries of Joy?"
	"If Blake said that", said Father Brian, "he never lived in Dublin."
		-- Ray Bradbury, "The Machineries of Joy"


Egotism is the anesthetic given by a kindly nature
to relieve the pain of being a damned fool.
		-- Bellamy Brooks


Latin is a language,
As dead as can be.
First it killed the Romans,
And now it's killing me.


Meader's Law:
	Whatever happens to you, it will previously
	have happened to everyone you know, only more so.


Best Beer: A panel of tasters assembled by the Consumer's Union in 1969
judged Coors and Miller's High Life to be among the very best. Those who
doubt that beer is a serious subject might ponder its effect on American
history. For example, New England's first colonists decided to drop anchor
at Plymouth Rock instead of continuing on to Virginia because, as one of
them put it, "We could not now take time for further consideration, our
victuals being spent and especially our beer."
		-- Felton & Fowler's Best, Worst & Most Unusual


Dianetics is a milestone for man comparable to his discovery of
fire and superior to his invention of the wheel and the arch.
		-- L. Ron Hubbard


Most people are unable to write because they are unable to think, and
they are unable to think because they congenitally lack the equipment
to do so, just as they congenitally lack the equipment to fly over the
moon.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Spock: The odds of surviving another
attack are 13562190123 to 1, Captain.


I'm changing my name to Chrysler
I'm going down to Washington, D.C.
I'll tell some power broker
	What they did for Iacocca
Will be perfectly acceptable to me!
I'm changing my name to Chrysler,
I'm heading for that great receiving line.
When they hand a million grand out,
	I'll be standing with my hand out,
Yessir, I'll get mine!
		-- Tom Paxton


I'll learn to play the Saxophone,
I play just what I feel.
Drink Scotch whisky all night long,
And die behind the wheel.
They got a name for the winners in the world,
I want a name when I lose.
They call Alabama the Crimson Tide,
Call me Deacon Blues.
		-- Becker and Fagan, "Deacon Blues"


Take care of the luxuries and the
necessities will take care of themselves.
		-- L. Long


XXI:
	It's easy to get a loan unless you need it.
XXII:
	If stock market experts were so expert, they would be buying stock,
	not selling advice.
XXIII:
	Any task can be completed in only one-third more time than is
	currently estimated.
XXIV:
	The only thing more costly than stretching the schedule of an
	established project is accelerating it, which is itself the most
	costly action known to man.
XXV:
	A revised schedule is to business what a new season is to an athlete
	or a new canvas to an artist.
		-- Norman Augustine


Matrimony is the root of all evil.


Remember, drive defensively!  And of course, the best defense is a good
offense!


Robustness, adj.:
	Never having to say you're sorry.


When love is gone, there's always justice.
And when justice is gone, there's always force.
And when force is gone, there's always Mom.
Hi, Mom!
		-- Laurie Anderson


Q:	What goes
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
A:	Stevie Wonder doing the Rubik's Cube.


The road to hell is paved with good intentions.  And littered with
sloppy analysis!


