The most popular labor-saving device today is still a husband with money.
		-- Joey Adams, "Cindy and I"


Life is a hospital in which every patient is possessed by the desire to
change his bed.
		-- Charles Baudelaire


Faith, n.:
	That quality which enables us to
	believe what we know to be untrue.


Woman's advice has little value, but he who won't take it is a fool.
		-- Cervantes


Nothing is ever a total loss; it can always serve as a bad example.


Left a good broad by the river,
Traveled back into town just to get some rest!
Waited for 10 hours,
Went back to the river,
But I couldn't get her out of that mess!

chorus:
	Poor Mary Jo Kopechne,
	Dead Mary Jo Kopechne,
	Rollin'... rollin'... rollin' down the window!

If you're gonna run for office,
And you know that it's an election year.
Don't go in the river,
'Specially by way of bridges,
It could put an end to your political career!
(chorus)
		-- Poor Mary Jo, to the tune of "Proud Mary"


Premature optimization is the root of all evil.
		-- Donald E. Knuth


Never offend people with style when you can offend them with substance.
		-- Sam Brown, "The Washington Post", January 26, 1977


PAIN:
	One thing, at least it proves that you're alive!


John Paul II is famous for his touring, and his quaint habit of pressing
his lips to foreign soil on his arrival.  This sparked some wit to remark:
	"The Pope has it backwards: he kisses the ground, and walks on
the women!"


All men are mortal.  Socrates was mortal.  Therefore, all men are
Socrates.
		-- Woody Allen


Ritchie's Rule:
	(1) Everything has some value -- if you use the right currency.
	(2) Paint splashes last longer than the paint job.
	(3) Search and ye shall find -- but make sure it was lost.


Being a woman is of special interest only to aspiring male transsexuals.
To actual women it is merely a good excuse not to play football.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"


Barbara's Rules of Bitter Experience:
	(1) When you empty a drawer for his clothes
	    and a shelf for his toiletries, the relationship ends.
	(2) When you finally buy pretty stationary
	    to continue the correspondence, he stops writing.


You're ugly and your mother dresses you funny.


Do not sleep in a eucalyptus tree tonight.


The boy stood on the burning deck,
Eating peanuts by the peck.
His father called him, but he could not go,
For he loved those peanuts so.


Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


You have a massage (from the Swedish prime minister).


You will meet an important person who will help you advance professionally.


Renning's Maxim:
	Man is the highest animal.  Man does the classifying.


Systems have sub-systems and sub-systems have sub-systems and so on ad
infinitum -- which is why we're always starting over.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


OCCAM'S ERASER:
	The philosophical principle that even the simplest
	solution is bound to have something wrong with it.


Avoid Quiet and Placid persons unless you are in Need of Sleep.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


Even in the moment of our earliest kiss,
When sighed the straitened bud into the flower,
Sat the dry seed of most unwelcome this;
And that I knew, though not the day and hour.
Too season-wise am I, being country-bred,
To tilt at autumn or defy the frost:
Snuffing the chill even as my fathers did,
I say with them, "What's out tonight is lost."
I only hoped, with the mild hope of all
Who watch the leaf take shape upon the tree,
A fairer summer and a later fall
Than in these parts a man is apt to see,
And sunny clusters ripened for the wine:
I tell you this across the blackened vine.
		-- Edna St. Vincent Millay, "Even in the Moment of
		   Our Earliest Kiss", 1931


You teach best what you most need to learn.


Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
		-- Albert Einstein

They laughed at Einstein.  They laughed at the Wright Brothers.  But they
also laughed at Bozo the Clown.
		-- Carl Sagan


Before you ask more questions, think about whether
you really want to know the answers.
		-- Gene Wolfe, "The Claw of the Conciliator"


You must realize that the computer has it in for you.  The irrefutable
proof of this is that the computer always does what you tell it to do.


Puff the Jewish dragon lived in Palestine,
And frolicked in the Autumn mist,
And drank Manishiewitz wine.
Little Rabbi Jacob loved that rascal Puff,
And brought him soup and Matzah balls,
And other kosher stuff.

Then one day it happened, Puff was eating pork.
Little Rabbi Jacob took that dragon for a walk.
Gently he explained that dragons don't eat meat,
That come from little piggies who have dirty filthy feet.


Fidelity, n.:
	A virtue peculiar to those who are about to be betrayed.


If you liked the Earth you'll love Heaven.


War is an equal opportunity destroyer.


Stupid, n.:
	Losing $25 on the game and $25 on the instant replay.


Never tell.  Not if you love your wife ... In fact, if your old lady walks
in on you, deny it.  Yeah.  Just flat out and she'll believe it: "I'm
tellin' ya.  This chick came downstairs with a sign around her neck `Lay
On Top Of Me Or I'll Die'.  I didn't know what I was gonna do..."
		-- Lenny Bruce


You must dine in our cafeteria.
You can eat dirt cheap there!!!!


Symptom:		Feet cold and wet, glass empty.
Fault:			Glass being held at incorrect angle.
Action Required:	Turn glass other way up so that open end points
			toward ceiling.

Symptom:		Feet warm and wet.
Fault:			Improper bladder control.
Action Required:	Go stand next to nearest dog.  After a while complain
			to the owner about its lack of house training and
			demand a beer as compensation.

		-- Bar Troubleshooting


The British are coming!  The British are coming!


Eat right, stay fit, and die anyway.


A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a unicorn.


Odets, where is thy sting?
		-- George S. Kaufman


QOTD:
	"Sex is the most fun you can have without laughing."


No matter how much you do you never do enough.


Some people cause happiness wherever
they go; others, whenever they go.


Early to bed and early to rise makes a man a helluva big nuisance.


	Everyone in the smart nightclub was amazed by the old gentleman,
obviously pushing 70, tossing off manhattans and cavorting around the dance
floor like a 20-year old.  Finally curiosity got the best of the cigarette
girl.  "I beg your pardon, sir," she said, "but I'm amazed to see a gentleman
of your age living it up like a youngster.  Tell me, are all of your faculties
unimpaired?"
	The old fellow looked up at the girl sadly and shook his head.  "Not
all, I'm afraid." he said.  "Just last evening I went nightclubbing with a
girlfriend -- we drank and danced all night and finally rolled into her place
about two A.M.  We went to bed immediately, and I was asleep almost as soon
as my head hit the pillow.  I woke around three-thirty and nudged my girl."
	"Why, George," she said in surprise, "we did that fifteen minutes ago."
	"So you see," the old boy said sadly, "my memory is beginning to
fail me."


Promising costs nothing, it's the delivering that kills you.


After repeatedly warding off her date's amorous advances during the evening,
the pretty young thing decided to put her foot down: "See here," she shouted
indignantly.  "This is positively the last time I'm going to tell you `no'."
	"Splendid!" exclaimed her date.  "Now we can start making some
progress."


There is no sin but ignorance.
		-- Christopher Marlowe


There is no time like the present
for postponing what you ought to be doing.


The ideal voice for radio may be defined as showing no substance,
no sex, no owner, and a message of importance for every housewife.
		-- Harry V. Wade


Even a man who is pure at heart,
And says his prayers at night
Can become a wolf when the wolfbane blooms,
And the moon is full and bright.
		-- The Wolf Man, 1941


What will you do if all your problems aren't solved by the time you die?


There's no use in having a dog and doing your own barking.


Man usually avoids attributing cleverness to somebody else -- unless it
is an enemy.
		-- Albert Einstein


You can build a throne out of bayonets, but you can't sit on it for very long.
		-- Boris Yeltsin


It just doesn't seem right to go over the river and through the woods
to Grandmother's condo.


Fats Loves Madelyn.


We cannot command nature except by obeying her.
		-- Sir Francis Bacon


Civilization, as we know it, will end sometime this evening.
See SYSNOTE tomorrow for more information.


One Bell System - it used to work before they installed the Dimension!


There isn't room enough in this dress for both of us!


Yes, I was surprised how easy it was to cut the door off my cat.
		-- James D. Nicoll


It was a brave man that ate the first oyster.


I've known him as a man, as an adolescent and as a child -- sometimes
on the same day.


What if everything is an illusion and nothing exists?
In that case, I definitely overpaid for my carpet.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


I used to be Snow White, but I drifted.
		-- Mae West


He who attacks the fundamentals of the American
broadcasting industry attacks democracy itself.
		-- William S. Paley, chairman of CBS


VD, n.:
	The gift that keeps on giving.


Dry fucking: that's man on top of woman, the action is the same as fucking,
but you're dressed.  It's great for the girl... you're hitting and rubbing
exactly the area that you ought to be... I still like that.
		-- Grace Slick


The first rule of intelligent tinkering is to save all the parts.
		-- Paul Erlich


Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day.
Teach a man to fish, and he'll invite himself over for dinner.
		-- Calvin Keegan


You got to pay your dues if you want to sing the blues,
And you know it don't come easy ...
I don't ask for much, I only want trust,
And you know it don't come easy ...


The difference between a career and a job is about 20 hours a week.


The more they over-think the plumbing
the easier it is to stop up the drain.


QOTD:
	"The only easy way to tell a hamster from a gerbil is that the
	gerbil has more dark meat."


We have ears, earther...FOUR OF THEM!


Vidi, vici, veni.
(I saw, I conquered, I came.)


Men were real men, women were real women, and small, furry creatures
from Alpha Centauri were REAL small, furry creatures from Alpha Centauri.
Spirits were brave, men boldly split infinitives that no man had split
before.  Thus was the Empire forged.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Ever get the feeling that the world's
on tape and one of the reels is missing?
		-- Rich Little


There are no rules for March.  March is spring, sort
of, usually, March means maybe, but don't bet on it.


Hear about...
	the tight end who got two years for possession and came out a
	wide receiver?


A day without sunshine is like a day without Anita Bryant.


An infallible method of conciliating a tiger
is to allow oneself to be devoured.
		-- Konrad Adenauer


There was an interesting development in the CBS-Westmoreland trial:
both sides agreed that after the trial, Andy Rooney would be allowed to
talk to the jury for three minutes about little things that annoyed him
during the trial.
		-- David Letterman


I'd horsewhip you if I had a horse.
		-- Groucho Marx


I have not yet begun to byte!


Join the army, see the world, meet interesting,
exciting people, and kill them.


God did not create the world in seven days; he screwed around for six
days and then pulled an all-nighter.


I like being single.  I'm always there when I need me.
		-- Art Leo


So... so you think you can tell
Heaven from Hell?
Blue skies from pain?			Did they get you to trade
Can you tell a green field		Your heroes for ghosts?
From a cold steel rail?			Hot ashes for trees?
A smile from a veil?			Hot air for a cool breeze?
Do you think you can tell?		Cold comfort for change?
					Did you exchange
					A walk on part in a war
					For the lead role in a cage?
		-- Pink Floyd, "Wish You Were Here"


My interest is in the future because I am
going to spend the rest of my life there.


At first, I just did it on weekends.  With a few friends, you know...
We never wanted to hurt anyone.  The girls loved it.  We'd all sit
around the computer and do a little UNIX.  It was just a kick.  At
least that's what we thought.  Then it got worse.

It got so I'd have to do some UNIX during the weekdays.  After a
while, I couldn't even wake up in the morning without having that
crave to go do UNIX.  Then it started affecting my job.  I would just
have to do it during my break.  Maybe a `grep' or two, maybe a little
`more'.  I eventually started doing UNIX just to get through the day.
Of course, it screwed up my mind so much that I couldn't even
function as a normal person.

I'm lucky today, I've overcome my UNIX problem.  It wasn't easy.  If
you're smart, just don't start.  Remember, if any weirdo offers you
some UNIX,

	Just Say No!


There's no such thing as a free lunch.
		-- Milton Friendman


AMBIGUITY:
	Telling the truth when you don't mean to.


Paradise is exactly like where you are right now ... only much, much
better.
		-- Laurie Anderson


Flirting is the gentle art of making a man feel pleased with himself.
		-- Helen Rowland


If the code and the comments disagree, then both are probably wrong.
		-- Norm Schryer


Virginity is a bubble on the sea of life,
which takes but one prick to break.
		-- Jordan Sand


Death is God's way of telling you not to be such a wise guy.


(6)	Men employees will be given time off each week for courting
	purposes, or two evenings a week if they go regularly to church.
(7)	After an employee has spent his thirteen hours of labor in the
	office, he should spend the remaining time reading the Bible
	and other good books.
(8)	Every employee should lay aside from each pay packet a goodly
	sum of his earnings for his benefit during his declining years,
	so that he will not become a burden on society or his betters.
(9)	Any employee who smokes Spanish cigars, uses alcoholic drink
	in any form, frequents pool tables and public halls, or gets
	shaved in a barber's shop, will give me good reason to suspect
	his worth, intentions, integrity and honesty.
(10)	The employee who has performed his labours faithfully and
	without a fault for five years, will be given an increase of
	five cents per day in his pay, providing profits from the
	business permit it.
		-- "Office Worker's Guide", New England Carriage
		    Works, 1872


COLLEGE:
	The fountains of knowledge, where everyone goes to drink.


Being stoned on marijuana isn't very different from being stoned on
gin.
		-- Ralph Nader


English literature's performing flea.
		-- Sean O'Casey on P. G. Wodehouse


Cunnilingus is next to godliness.


Self-abuse is the most certain road to the grave.
		-- Dr. George M. Calhoun (1855)


Build a man a fire, and he'll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire,
and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
		-- Terry Pratchett


The mome rath isn't born that could outgrabe me.
		-- Nicol Williamson


Oh, my friend, it is not what they take away from you that counts --
it's what you do with what you have left.
		-- Hubert H. Humphrey


You learn to write as if to someone else
because NEXT YEAR YOU WILL BE "SOMEONE ELSE".


Atlanta makes it against the law to tie a giraffe to a telephone pole
or street lamp.


The reason that sex is so popular is that it's centrally located.


The past always looks better than it was.
It's only pleasant because it isn't here.
		-- Finley Peter Dunne (Mr. Dooley)


QOTD:
	"If you keep an open mind people will throw a lot of garbage in it."


Gurmlish, n.:
	The red warning flag at the top of a club sandwich which prevents
	the person from biting into it and puncturing the roof of his mouth.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


A help wanted add for a photo journalist asked the rhetorical question:

If you found yourself in a situation where you could either save
a drowning man, or you could take a Pulitzer prize winning
photograph of him drowning, what shutter speed and setting would
you use?

		-- Paul Harvey


Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth.
		-- Erma Bombeck


Anything is possible, unless it's not.


No one regards what is before his feet; we all gaze at the stars.
		-- Quintus Ennius


Pudder's Law:
	Anything that begins well will end badly.
	(Note: The converse of Pudder's law is not true.)


Lift every voice and sing
Till earth and heaven ring,
Ring with the harmonies of Liberty;
Let our rejoicing rise
High as the listening skies,
Let it resound loud as the rolling sea.

Sing a song full of the faith that the dark past has taught us.
Sing a song full of the hope that the present has bought us.
Facing the rising sun of our new day begun,
Let us march on till victory is won.
		-- James Weldon Johnson


To stay youthful, stay useful.


While walking down a crowded
City street the other day,
I heard a little urchin
To a comrade turn and say,
"Say, Chimmey, lemme tell youse,
I'd be happy as a clam
If only I was de feller dat
Me mudder t'inks I am.

"She t'inks I am a wonder,		My friends, be yours a life of toil
An' she knows her little lad		Or undiluted joy,
Could never mix wit' nuttin'		You can learn a wholesome lesson
Dat was ugly, mean or bad.		From that small, untutored boy.
Oh, lot o' times I sit and t'ink	Don't aim to be an earthly saint
How nice, 'twould be, gee whiz!		With eyes fixed on a star:
If a feller was de feller		Just try to be the fellow that
Dat his mudder t'inks he is."		Your mother thinks you are.
		-- Will S. Adkin, "If I Only Was the Fellow"


If we see the light at the end of the tunnel
It's the light of an oncoming train.
		-- Robert Lowell


Stenderup's Law:
	The sooner you fall behind, the more time you will have to catch up.


			DELETE A FORTUNE!

Don't some of these fortunes just drive you nuts?!  Wouldn't you like
to see some of them deleted from the system?  You can!  Just mail to
"fortune" with the fortune you hate most, and we MIGHT make sure it
gets expunged.


I don't care how poor and inefficient a little country is; they like to
run their own business.  I know men that would make my wife a better
husband than I am; but, darn it, I'm not going to give her to 'em.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


Most people are too busy to have time for anything important.


BE ALERT!!!! (The world needs more lerts...)


Look out!  Behind you!


I am a bookaholic.  If you are a decent
person, you will not sell me another book.


"Home, Sweet Home" must surely have been written by a bachelor.
		-- Samuel Butler


grep me no patterns and I'll tell you no lines.


The blind daters had really hit it off and at the end of the evening, as
they were beginning to undress each other in his apartment, the fellow said,
	"Before we go any further, Charmaine, tell me -- do you have
any special fetishes that I should take into account in bed?"
	"As a matter of fact," smiled the girl, "I do happen to have a foot
fetish -- but I suppose I'd settle for maybe seven or eight inches."


There never was a good war or a bad peace.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


She's so tough she won't take 'yes' for an answer.


Given a choice between grief and nothing, I'd choose grief.
		-- William Faulkner


...whether it is better to spend a life not knowing what you want or to
spend a life knowing exactly what you want and that you will never have it.
		-- Richard Shelton


He's just a politician trying to save both his faces...


