The value of a program is proportional to the weight of its output.


And then there was the lawyer that stepped in cow manure and thought
he was melting...


Putt's Law:
	Technology is dominated by two types of people:
		Those who understand what they do not manage.
		Those who manage what they do not understand.


Male, n.:
	Life support system for a cock.


			Get GUMMed
			--- ------
The Gurus of Unix Meeting of Minds (GUMM) takes place Wednesday, April
1, 2076 (check THAT in your perpetual calendar program), 14 feet above
the ground directly in front of the Milpitas Gumps.  Members will grep
each other by the hand (after intro), yacc a lot, smoke filtered
chroots in pipes, chown with forks, use the wc (unless uuclean), fseek
nice zombie processes, strip, and sleep, but not, we hope, od.  Three
days will be devoted to discussion of the ramifications of whodo.  Two
seconds have been allotted for a complete rundown of all the user-
friendly features of Unix.  Seminars include "Everything You Know is
Wrong", led by Tom Kempson, "Batman or Cat:man?" led by Richie Dennis
"cc C?  Si!  Si!" led by Kerwin Bernighan, and "Document Unix, Are You
Kidding?" led by Jan Yeats.  No Reader Service No. is necessary because
all GUGUs (Gurus of Unix Group of Users) already know everything we
could tell them.
		-- Dr. Dobb's Journal, June '84


The surest sign that a man is in love is when he divorces his wife.


The Worst Jury
	A murder trial at Manitoba in February 1978 was well advanced, when
one juror revealed that he was completely deaf and did not have the
remotest clue what was happening.
	The judge, Mr. Justice Solomon, asked him if he had heard any
evidence at all and, when there was no reply, dismissed him.
	The excitement which this caused was only equalled when a second
juror revealed that he spoke not a word of English.  A fluent French
speaker, he exhibited great surprised when told, after two days, that he
was hearing a murder trial.
	The trial was abandoned when a third juror said that he suffered
from both conditions, being simultaneously unversed in the English language
and nearly as deaf as the first juror.
	The judge ordered a retrial.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Not all who own a harp are harpers.
		-- Marcus Terentius Varro


In Hollywood, all marriages are happy.  It's trying to live together
afterwards that causes the problems.
		-- Shelley Winters


It is easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
		-- Leonardo da Vinci


When President Paul Doumer of France was assassinated in Paris in 1932,
newspapers differed in their versions of the event.  This is from "Paris
was Yesterday: 1925-1939" by Janet Flanner, edited by Irving Drutman.

	Taste varied as to his cry when he was shot down, the more popular
	papers preferring his despairing "Oh, la la!," the graver dailies
	favoring "Is it possible?"  What few reported were his dying words:
	"But what kind of chauffeur was it?"  Having been told by his aides
	not that he had been shot but that he had been struck by a taxi, the
	President spent the last conscious moments of his life wondering how
	an automobile got into the charity book sale at the Maison
	Rothschild, where his assassination occurred.


Every paper published in a respectable journal should have a preface by
the author stating why he is publishing the article, and what value he
sees in it.  I have no hope that this practice will ever be adopted.
		-- Morris Kline


When President Paul Doumer of France was assassinated in Paris in 1932,
newspapers differed in their versions of the event.  This is from "Paris
was Yesterday: 1925-1939" by Janet Flanner, edited by Irving Drutman.

	Taste varied as to his cry when he was shot down, the more popular
	papers preferring his despairing "Oh, la la!," the graver dailies
	favoring "Is it possible?"  What few reported were his dying words:
	"But what kind of chauffeur was it?"  Having been told by his aides
	not that he had been shot but that he had been struck by a taxi, the
	President spent the last conscious moments of his life wondering how
	an automobile got into the charity book sale at the Maison
	Rothschild, where his assassination occurred.


If the church put in half the time on covetousness that it does on lust,
this would be a better world.
		-- Garrison Keillor, "Lake Wobegon Days"


	One fine day, the bus driver went to the bus garage, started his bus,
and drove off along the route.  No problems for the first few stops -- a few
people got on, a few got off, and things went generally well.  At the next
stop, however, a big hulk of a guy got on.  Six feet eight, built like a
wrestler, arms hanging down to the ground.  He glared at the driver and said,
"Big John doesn't pay!" and sat down at the back.
	Did I mention that the driver was five feet three, thin, and basically
meek?  Well, he was.  Naturally, he didn't argue with Big John, but he wasn't
happy about it.  Well, the next day the same thing happened -- Big John got on
again, made a show of refusing to pay, and sat down.  And the next day, and the
one after that, and so forth.  This grated on the bus driver, who started
losing sleep over the way Big John was taking advantage of him.  Finally he
could stand it no longer. He signed up for bodybuilding courses, karate, judo,
and all that good stuff.  By the end of the summer, he had become quite strong;
what's more, he felt really good about himself.
	So on the next Monday, when Big John once again got on the bus
and said "Big John doesn't pay!," the driver stood up, glared back at the
passenger, and screamed, "And why not?"
	With a surprised look on his face, Big John replied, "Big John has a
bus pass."


Flame on!
		-- Johnny Storm


	Price Wang's programmer was coding software.  His fingers danced upon
the keyboard.  The program compiled without an error message, and the program
ran like a gentle wind.
	Excellent!" the Price exclaimed, "Your technique is faultless!"
	"Technique?" said the programmer, turning from his terminal, "What I
follow is the Tao -- beyond all technique.  When I first began to program I
would see before me the whole program in one mass.  After three years I no
longer saw this mass.  Instead, I used subroutines.  But now I see nothing.
My whole being exists in a formless void.  My senses are idle.  My spirit,
free to work without a plan, follows its own instinct.  In short, my program
writes itself.  True, sometimes there are difficult problems.  I see them
coming, I slow down, I watch silently.  Then I change a single line of code
and the difficulties vanish like puffs of idle smoke.  I then compile the
program.  I sit still and let the joy of the work fill my being.  I close my
eyes for a moment and then log off."
	Price Wang said, "Would that all of my programmers were as wise!"
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


What excuses stand in your way?  How can you eliminate them?
		-- Roger von Oech


Don't interfere with the stranger's style.


#define BITCOUNT(x)	(((BX_(x)+(BX_(x)>>4)) & 0x0F0F0F0F) % 255)
#define BX_(x)		((x) - (((x)>>1)&0x77777777)			\
			     - (((x)>>2)&0x33333333)			\
			     - (((x)>>3)&0x11111111))

		-- really weird C code to count the number of bits in a word


Heard that the next Space Shuttle is supposed to carry several
Guernsey cows?  It's gonna be the herd shot 'round the world.


Boy, get your head out of the stars above,
You get the maximum pleasure from a minimum of love.
Save your heart and let your body be enough,
To get the maximum pleasure from a minimum of love.
Save your heart and let your body be enough,
And get the maximum pleasure from a minimum of love.
		-- Mac Macinelli, "Minimum Love"


The ladies men admire, I've heard,
Would shudder at a wicked word.
Their candle gives a single light;
They'd rather stay at home at night.
They do not keep awake till three,
Nor read erotic poetry.
They never sanction the impure,
Nor recognize an overture.
They shrink from powders and from paints...
So far, I've had no complaints.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Tuesday After Lunch is the cosmic time of the week.


The, uh, snowy mountains are like really cold, eh?
And the, um, plains stretch out like my moms girdle, eh?
There's lotsa beers and doughnuts for everyone, eh?
So the last one to be peaceful and everything is a big idiot,
Eh?
So shut yer face up and dry yer mukluks by the fire, eh?
And dream about girls with their high beams on, eh?
They may be cold, but that's okay!  Beer's better that way!
Eh?
		-- A, like, Tribute to the Great White North, eh?
Beauty!


Come live with me, and be my love,
And we will some new pleasures prove
Of golden sands, and crystal brooks,
With silken lines, and silver hooks.
		-- John Donne


Brain, n.:
	The apparatus with which we think that we think.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Women waste men's lives and think they have
indemnified them by a few gracious words.
		-- Honore de Balzac


If anyone wants to trade a couple of centrally located, well-cushioned
showgirls for an eroded slope 90 minutes from Broadway, I'll be on this
corner tomorrow at 11 with my tongue hanging out.
		-- S. J. Perelman


If you ever want to have a lot of fun, I recommend that you go off and program
an embedded system.  The salient characteristic of an embedded system is that
it cannot be allowed to get into a state from which only direct intervention
will suffice to remove it.  An embedded system can't permanently trust anything
it hears from the outside world.  It must sniff around, adapt, consider, sniff
around, and adapt again.  I'm not talking about ordinary modular programming
carefulness here.  No.  Programming an embedded system calls for undiluted
raging maniacal paranoia.  For example, our ethernet front ends need to know
what network number they are on so that they can address and route PUPs
properly.  How do you find out what your network number is?  Easy, you ask a
gateway.  Gateways are required by definition to know their correct network
numbers.  Once you've got your network number, you start using it and before
you can blink you've got it wired into fifteen different sockets spread all
over creation.  Now what happens when the panic-stricken operator realizes he
was running the wrong version of the gateway which was giving out the wrong
network number?  Never supposed to happen.  Tough.  Supposing that your
software discovers that the gateway is now giving out a different network
number than before, what's it supposed to do about it?  This is not discussed
in the protocol document.  Never supposed to happen.  Tough.  I think you
get my drift.


War doesn't prove who's right, just who's left.


I never loved another person the way I loved myself.
		-- Mae West


President Reagan has noted that there are too many economic
pundits and forecasters and has decided on an excess prophets tax.


	A novice asked the master: "In the east there is a great tree-structure
that men call 'Corporate Headquarters'.  It is bloated out of shape with
vice-presidents and accountants.  It issues a multitude of memos, each saying
'Go, Hence!' or 'Go, Hither!' and nobody knows what is meant.  Every year new
names are put onto the branches, but all to no avail.  How can such an
unnatural entity exist?"
	The master replies: "You perceive this immense structure and are
disturbed that it has no rational purpose.  Can you not take amusement from
its endless gyrations?  Do you not enjoy the untroubled ease of programming
beneath its sheltering branches?  Why are you bothered by its uselessness?"
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Take what you can use and let the rest go by.
		-- Ken Kesey


Life is not for everyone.


Walking on water wasn't built in a day.
		-- Jack Kerouac


Flannister, n.:
	The plastic yoke that holds a six-pack of beer together.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


There are many of us in this old world of ours who hold that things break
about even for all of us.  I have observed, for example, that we all get
about the same amount of ice.  The rich get it in the summer and the poor
get it in the winter.
		-- Bat Masterson


Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust.


Lonely is a man without love.
		-- Engelbert Humperdinck


Many are called, few are chosen.
Fewer still get to do the choosing.


Willie in the cauldron fell;		Willie saw some dynamite,
See the grief on mother's brow;		Couldn't understand it quite;
Mother loved her darling well --	Curiosity never pays:
Willie's quite hard-boiled by now.	It rained Willie seven days.

Little Willie with a shout,		William in a nice new sash,
Gouged the baby's eyeballs out;		Fell in the fire and burned to an ash.
Stamped on them to make them pop.	Now, although the room grows chilly,
Mother cried, "Now, William, stop!"	I haven't the heart to poke poor Billy.

William with a thirst for gore,		Little Willie mean as hell,
Nailed the baby to the door.		Threw his sister in the well!
Mother said, with humor quaint:		Said his mother when drawing water,
"Careful, Will, don't mar the paint."	"sure is hard to raise a daughter."
		-- Harry Graham, "Ruthless Rhymes for Heartless Homes", 1899


IBM's original motto:
	Cogito ergo vendo; vendo ergo sum.


Q:	How many journalists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	Three.  One to report it as an inspired government program to bring
	light to the people, one to report it as a diabolical government plot
	to deprive the poor of darkness, and one to win a Pulitzer prize for
	reporting that Electric Company hired a lightbulb-assassin to break
	the bulb in the first place.


Maybe we should think of this as one perfect week... where we found each
other, and loved each other... and then let each other go before anyone
had to seek professional help.


There is in certain living souls
A quality of loneliness unspeakable,
So great it must be shared
As company is shared by lesser beings.
Such a loneliness is mine; so know by this
That in immensity
There is one lonelier than you.


PRAIRIES:
	Vast plains covered by treeless forests.


If all the Chinese simultaneously jumped into the Pacific off a 10 foot
platform erected 10 feet off their coast, it would cause a tidal wave
that would destroy everything in this country west of Nebraska.


You have the power to influence all with whom you come in contact.


Q:	What's black and white and red all over and can't go through
	revolving doors?
A:	A nun with a javelin through her head.


Every suicide is a solution to a problem.
		-- Jean Baechler


Q:	What does a blonde do first thing in the morning?
A:	She goes home.

Q:	Why does a blonde have fur on the hem of her dress?
A:	To keep her neck warm.

Q:	How do you make a blonde laugh on Monday?
A:	Tell her a joke on Friday.


Every time I lose weight, it finds me again!


You'll be a guest at a gay party.
That will have important consequences for you.


You'll be a guest at a gay party.
That will have important consequences for you.


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #3

	Birds of a feather flock to a newly washed car.


Accept people for what they are -- completely unacceptable.


Chicago Transit Authority Rider's Rule #84:
	The CTA has complimentary pop-up timers available on request
for overheated passengers.  When your timer pops up, the driver will
cheerfully baste you.
		-- Chicago Reader 5/28/82


You should be a hemorrhoid, you're such a pain in the ass.


	Sam went to his psychiatrist complaining of a hatred for elephants.
"I can't stand elephants," he explained.  "I lie awake nights despising
them.  The thought of an elephant fills me with loathing."
	"Sam," said the psychiatrist, "there's only one thing for you to do.
Go to Africa, organize a safari, find an elephant in the jungle and shoot it.
That way you'll get it out of your system."
	Sam immediately made arrangements for a safari hunt in Africa,
inviting his best friend to join him.  They arrived in Nairobi and lost no
time getting out on the jungle trails.  After they had been hunting for
several days, Sam's best friend grabbed him by the arm one morning and
yelled at him:
	"Sam, Sam, Sam!  Over there behind that tree there's and elephant!
Sam -- Get your gun -- no, no, not THAT gun -- the rifle with the longer
barrel!  Now aim it!  QUICK!  SAM!  QUICK!  No!  Not that way -- this way!
Be sure you don't jerk the trigger!  Wait SAM!  Don't let him see you!  Aim
at his head!"
	Sam whirled around, took aim, and killed his friend.  He was put in
prison and his psychiatrist flew to Africa to visit him.  "I sent you over
here to kill an elephant and instead you shoot your best friend," the
psychiatrist said.  "Why?"
	"Well," Sam replied, "there's only one thing in the world that I
hate more than elephants and that is a loudmouth know-it-all!"


Much as they like to persuade us differently, lawyers are simply hired
consultants, and at some point you time them out.
		-- Craig Partridge


Honesty pays, but it doesn't seem to pay enough to suit some people.
		-- F. M. Hubbard


Perhaps no person can be a poet, or even enjoy
poetry without a certain unsoundness of mind.
		-- Thomas Macaulay


Well, my terminal's locked up, and I ain't got any Mail,
And I can't recall the last time that my program didn't fail;
I've got stacks in my structs, I've got arrays in my queues,
I've got the : Segmentation violation -- Core dumped blues.

If you think that it's nice that you get what you C,
Then go : illogical statement with your whole family,
'Cause the Supreme Court ain't the only place with : Bus error views.
I've got the : Segmentation violation -- Core dumped blues.

On a PDP-11, life should be a breeze,
But with VAXen in the house even magnetic tapes would freeze.
Now you might think that unlike VAXen I'd know who I abuse,
I've got the : Segmentation violation -- Core dumped blues.
		-- Core Dumped Blues


You are the only person to ever get this message.


Ah say, son, you're about as sharp as a bowlin' ball.


Picking up a man in a bar is like a snowstorm, you never know when
he's coming, how many inches you'll get or how long he'll stay.


I came, I saw, I deleted all your files.


A pretty woman can do anything; an ugly woman must do everything.


No sooner had Edger Allen Poe
Finished his old Raven,
then he started his Old Crow.


Your mind is the part of you that says,
	"Why'n'tcha eat that piece of cake?"
... and then, twenty minutes later, says,
	"Y'know, if I were you, I wouldn't have done that!"
		-- Steven and Ondrea Levine


Ferguson's Precept:
	A crisis is when you can't say "let's forget the whole thing."


At first, I just did it on weekends.  With a few friends, you know...
We never wanted to hurt anyone.  The girls loved it.  We'd all sit
around the computer and do a little UNIX.  It was just a kick.  At
least that's what we thought.  Then it got worse.

It got so I'd have to do some UNIX during the weekdays.  After a
while, I couldn't even wake up in the morning without having that
crave to go do UNIX.  Then it started affecting my job.  I would just
have to do it during my break.  Maybe a `grep' or two, maybe a little
`more'.  I eventually started doing UNIX just to get through the day.
Of course, it screwed up my mind so much that I couldn't even
function as a normal person.

I'm lucky today, I've overcome my UNIX problem.  It wasn't easy.  If
you're smart, just don't start.  Remember, if any weirdo offers you
some UNIX,

	Just Say No!


A conservative is a man who is too cowardly to fight and too fat to run.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


YOUR FOAMY FUTURE
	by Miss Fortune

SCORPIO (October 24 - November 21)
	"Hard work never killed anybody, but why take the chance?" is your
motto.  You don't do much other than sleep, eat, down brewskis, and watch TV.
Your friends and family are constantly pestering you to clean up your act.
But it's OK, Scorpio.  A kick in the ass is at least one step forward.

SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22 - Dec. 21)
	You've been on a diet for two weeks and all you've lost is two weeks.
My advice is to drink copius amounts of beer just to get the thought of food
out of your mind.  Remember, a good reducing exercise consists of placing
both hands against the table edge and pushing back.

CAPRICORN (Dec. 22 - Jan 19)
	Remember that day you had one beer too many and did something
extremely foolish?  Now your friends are coming and going and your enemies
accumulating.  Cheer up!  All is not lost.  It's better to be hated for
what you are than loved for what you're not.


Some of the greatest love affairs I've known have involved one actor,
unassisted.
		-- Wilson Mizner


Those who can make you believe absurdities, can make you commit atrocities.
		-- Voltaire


Do not count your chickens before they are hatched.
		-- Aesop


I am getting into abstract painting.  Real abstract -- no brush, no canvas,
I just think about it.  I just went to an art museum where all of the art
was done by children.  All the paintings were hung on refrigerators.
		-- Steven Wright


We are on the verge: Today our program proved Fermat's next-to-last
theorem.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


The reasons that each of these countries has had to renege on its
financial commitments were all somewhat different: Argentina because of
a war, Poland because of its vast misguided overinvestment in heavy
industry, Honduras because the coffee price went sour, Zaire because
nobody in the government there has a clue as to how to run a country.
		-- Paul Erdman's Money Book


It is ridiculous to call this an industry.  This is not.  This is rat eat
rat, dog eat dog.  I'll kill 'em, and I'm going to kill 'em before they
kill me.  You're talking about the American way of survival of the fittest.
		-- Ray Kroc, founder of McDonald's


I like young girls.  Their stories are shorter.
		-- Tom McGuane


Farmers in the Iowa State survey rated machinery breakdowns more
stressful than divorce.
		-- Wall Street Journal


Put no trust in cryptic comments.


Yes, I was surprised how easy it was to cut the door off my cat.
		-- James D. Nicoll


SNAPPY REPARTEE:
	What you'd say if you had another chance.


Mathematicians do it with a small, imaginary part.


"Being disintegrated makes me ve-ry an-gry!" <huff, huff>


I don't wanna argue, and I don't wanna fight,
But there will definitely be a party tonight...


Conserve energy -- make love more slowly.


Man, n.:
	An animal so lost in rapturous contemplation of what he thinks
	he is as to overlook what he indubitably ought to be.  His chief
	occupation is extermination of other animals and his own
	species, which, however, multiplies with such insistent rapidity
	as to infest the whole habitable earth and Canada.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Well, I'd left home just a week before,
And I'd never ever kissed a woman before,
But Lola smiled and took me by the hand,
And said 'Little boy, gonna make you a man!'
Well, I'm not the world's most masculine man,
But I know what I am and I'm glad I'm a man and so's Lola.
La, la, la, la-Lola... la, la, la, la-Lola...  Lola.
		-- The Kinks


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #11

MONOPOLI:
	Peter Weir's classic film examining the false heroism of parlour
	games.  The powerful ending of the film sees one young man after
	another charge toward GO, only to senselessly lose his life on the
	Boardwalk property.


	Once in a medieval times...there was a King who was getting sort of
bored after dinner one night.  He decided to hold a contest of who at the
court had the mightiest "weapon".  The first knight stood up and proclaimed
that he had the mightiest weapon... he pulled down his pants and tied a 5
pound weight around it.  The weapon doth rose.  The crowds cheered... the
women swooned... the children waved multi-colored banners... and the band
played appropriate music.
	Another knight stood up and claimed that he had the mightiest weapon.
He dropped his pants and tied a 10 pound weight to himself.  The weapon doth
rose. The crowds cheered... the women swooned... the children waved
multi-colored banners...  and the band played appropriate music.
	After several more knights tried to prove their superiority...  the
King finally spoke out. "I have the mightiest weapon of them all!" He dropped
his pants and tied, not a 10 pound, not a 20 pound, not ever a thirty pound,
but a 40 pound weight, plus a coffee pot, to himself. The weapon doth rose.
The crowds cheered...  the women swooned... the children waved multi-colored
banners... and the band played "God Save the Queen."


I wrecked trains because I like to see people die.  I like to hear
them scream.
		-- Sylvestre Matuschka, "the Hungarian Train Wreck Freak",
		   escaped prison 1937, not heard from since


Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms
with the victims he intends to eat until he eats them.
		-- Samuel Butler (1835-1902)


Honesty is for the most part less profitable than dishonesty.
		-- Plato


You can move the world with an idea,
but you have to think of it first.


Mickey Mouse has a long talk one day with a psychiatrist, after which
the psychiatrist interviews Minnie Mouse.  A few days later Mickey meets
with the psychiatrist, and the following conversation ensues:

Sigmund: I talked with Minnie after talking with you.
Mickey:  Oh?
Sigmund: I couldn't find anything wrong with her -- she isn't insane.
Mickey:  Idiot!  I didn't say she was insane -- I said she was
	 fuckin' Goofy.


Any instrument when dropped will roll into the least accessible corner.


Home of Doberman Propulsion Laboratories:
The ultimate in watchdog weaponry.
		-- Chris Shaw


If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would
be a merrier world.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


Remembering is for those who have forgotten.
		-- Chinese proverb


Did you hear about the new sorority girl doll?
You put a ring on her finger and her hips expand.


Hear about...
	the fellow who was descended from a long line his mother heard?


Work like hell, tell everyone everything you know, close a deal with
a handshake, and have fun.
		-- Harold "Doc" Edgerton, summing up his life's philosophy,
		   shortly before dying at the age of 86.


Spouse, n.:
	Someone who'll stand by you through all the trouble you
	wouldn't have had if you'd stayed single.


This is the sort of English up with which I will not put.
		-- Winston Churchill


Drug, n.:
	A substance that, when injected into a rat, produces a scientific
	paper.


Abscond, v.:
	To be unexpectedly called away to the bedside of a dying relative
	and miss the return train.


You will get what you deserve.


Look out!  Behind you!


I wouldn't fuck her with your prick.


The perfect friend sees the best in you -- sees it constantly --
not just when you occasionally are that way, but also when you
waver, when you forget yourself, act like less than you are.
In time, you become more like his vision of you -- which is the
person you have always wanted to be.
		-- Nancy Friday


One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
		-- Helen Keller


When asked the definition of "pi":
The Mathematician:
	Pi is the number expressing the relationship between the
	circumference of a circle and its diameter.
The Physicist:
	Pi is 3.1415927, plus or minus 0.000000005.
The Engineer:
	Pi is about 3.


If we won't stand together, we don't stand a chance.


The danger is not that a particular class is unfit to govern.
Every class is unfit to govern.
		-- Lord Acton


President Reagan has noted that there are too many economic
pundits and forecasters and has decided on an excess prophets tax.


He gave her a look that you could have poured on a waffle.


I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did.
I said I didn't know.
		-- Mark Twain


I love Saturday morning cartoons, what classic humour!  This is what
entertainment is all about ... Idiots, explosives and falling anvils.
		-- Calvin and Hobbes, Bill Watterson


AMOEBIT:
	Amoeba/rabbit cross; it can multiply
	and divide at the same time.


Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet depreciate agitation, are
men who want rain without thunder and lightning.  They want the ocean
without the roar of its many waters.
		-- Frederick Douglass


There's a long-standing bug relating to the x86 architecture that
allows you to install Windows.
		-- Matthew D. Fuller


The Great Bald Swamp Hedgehog:
	The Great Bald Swamp Hedgehog of Billericay displays, in
courtship, his single prickle and does impressions of Holiday Inn desk
clerks.  Since this means him standing motionless for enormous periods
of time he is often eaten in full display by The Great Bald Swamp
Hedgehog Eater.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


	"Why did you spend so much time parked in that fellow's car last
night?" demanded the irate mother.
"I could hear the giggling and squealing for a good half hour."
	"But, Mom," answered her daughter, "if a fellow takes you to the
movies you ought to at least kiss him good night."
	"I thought you went to the Stork Club?" countered the mother.
	"We did."


A Law of Computer Programming:
	Make it possible for programmers to write in English
	and you will find that programmers cannot write in English.


Why don't somebody print the truth about our present economic condition?
We spent years of wild buying on credit, everything under the sun, whether
we needed it or not, and now we are having to pay for it, howling like a
pet coon.  This would be a great world to dance in if we didn't have to
pay the fiddler.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


You first have to decide whether to use the short or the long form.
The short form is what the Internal Revenue Service calls "simplified",
which means it is designed for people who need the help of a Sears
tax-preparation expert to distinguish between their first and last
names.  Here's the complete text:

	"(1) How much did you make?  (AMOUNT)
	"(2) How much did we here at the government take out?  (AMOUNT)
	"(3) Hey!  Sounds like we took too much!  So we're going to
	     send an official government check for (ONE-FIFTEENTH OF
	     THE AMOUNT WE TOOK) directly to the (YOUR LAST NAME)
	     household at (YOUR ADDRESS), for you to spend in any way
	     you please! Which just goes to show you, (YOUR FIRST
	     NAME), that it pays to file the short form!"

The IRS wants you to use this form because it gets to keep most of your
money.  So unless you have pond silt for brains, you want the long
form.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sweating Out Taxes"


Peterson's Admonition:
	When you think you're going down for the third time --
	just remember that you may have counted wrong.


Dental health is next to mental health.


Living in LA is like not having a date on Saturday night.
		-- Candice Bergen


The devil finds work for idle circuits to do.


One Bell System - it works.


The trouble with the rat-race is that even if you win, you're still a rat.
		-- Lily Tomlin


2180, U.S. History question:
	What 20th Century U.S. President was almost impeached and what
office did he later hold?


A nuclear war can ruin your whole day.


	The man standing at the bar (in court, unfortunately) was well-
dressed, alert and obviously intelligent.  The judge asked him how he
pleaded to the charge of rape and, much to the magistrate's surprise, he
replied, "Not guilty by reason of insanity, your Honor."
	"Insanity?" exclaimed the judge.
	"Yes, sir," said the defendant.  "I'm just crazy about it."


Planet Claire has pink hair.
All the trees are red.
No one ever dies there.
No one has a head....


When in doubt, do it.  It's much easier
to apologize than to get permission.
		-- Grace Murray Hopper


	After the Children of Israel had wandered for thirty-nine years in
	the wilderness, Ferdinand Feghoot arrived to make sure that they
would finally find and enter the Promised Land.  With him, he brought his
favorite robot, faithful old Yewtoo Artoo, to carry his gear and do assorted
camp chores.
	The Israelites soon got over their initial fear of the robot and,
	as the months passed, became very fond of him.  Patriarchs took to
discussing abstruse theological problems with him, and each evening the
children all gathered to hear the many stories with which he was programmed.
Therefore it came as a great shock to them when, just as their journey was
ending, he abruptly wore out.  Even Feghoot couldn't console them.
	"It may be true, Ferdinand Feghoot," said Moses, "that our friend
Yewtoo Artoo was soulless, but we cannot believe it.  He must be properly
interred.  We cannot embalm him as do the Egyptians.  Nor have we wood for
a coffin.  But I do have a most splendid skin from one of Pharoah's own
cattle.  We shall bury him in it."
	Feghoot agreed.  "Yes, let this be his last rusting place." "Rusting?"
	Moses cried. "Not in this dreadful dry desert!"
	"Ah!" sighed Ferdinand Feghoot, shedding a tear, "I fear you do not
realize the full significance of Pharoah's oxhide!"
		-- Grendel Briarton "Through Time & Space With Ferdinand
		   Feghoot!"


Documentation:
	Instructions translated from Swedish by Japanese for English
	speaking persons.


Is a person who blows up banks an econoclast?


Cocaine's a joke!
	(Who's got the next line?)


"I do love a lay every day,
So whenever you're coming this way
	Just phone in advance
	And I'll jerk off my pants,
And we're set for a sexy soiree!"


You better believe that marijuana can cause castration.  Just suppose
your girlfriend gets the munchies!


His designs were strictly honourable, as the phrase is: that is, to rob
a lady of her fortune by way of marriage.
		-- Henry Fielding, "Tom Jones"


A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.


Schapiro's Explanation:
	The grass is always greener on the other side --
	but that's because they use more manure.


The great question that has never been answered and which I have not
yet been able to answer despite my thirty years of research into the
feminine soul is: WHAT DOES A WOMAN WANT?
		-- Sigmund Freud


