When Marriage is Outlawed,
Only Outlaws will have Inlaws.


Quidquid latine dictum sit, altum viditur.

(Whatever is said in Latin sounds profound.)


Man has made his bedlam; let him lie in it.
		-- Fred Allen


Never kick a man, unless he's down.


I suggest a new strategy, R2: let the Wookiee win.
		-- C-3PO


Gourmet, n.:
	Anyone whom, when you fail to finish something strange or
	revolting, remarks that it's an acquired taste and that you're
	leaving the best part.


If scientific reasoning were limited to the logical processes of
arithmetic, we should not get very far in our understanding of the physical
world.  One might as well attempt to grasp the game of poker entirely by
the use of the mathematics of probability.
		-- Vannevar Bush


Beware of altruism.  It is based on self-deception, the root of all
evil.


It will be advantageous to cross the great stream ... the Dragon is on
the wing in the Sky ... the Great Man rouses himself to his Work.


I have discovered the art of deceiving diplomats.
I tell them the truth and they never believe me.
		-- Camillo Di Cavour


April is the cruelest month...
		-- Thomas Stearns Eliot


Got a wife and kids in Baltimore Jack,
I went out for a ride and never came back.
Like a river that don't know where it's flowing,
I took a wrong turn and I just kept going.

	Everybody's got a hungry heart.
	Everybody's got a hungry heart.
	Lay down your money and you play your part,
	Everybody's got a hungry heart.

I met her in a Kingstown bar,
We fell in love, I knew it had to end.
We took what we had and we ripped it apart,
Now here I am down in Kingstown again.

Everybody needs a place to rest,
Everybody wants to have a home.
Don't make no difference what nobody says,
Ain't nobody likes to be alone.
		-- Bruce Springsteen, "Hungry Heart"


Optimist, n.:
	A proponent of the belief that black is white.

	A pessimist asked God for relief.
	"Ah, you wish me to restore your hope and cheerfulness," said God.
	"No," replied the petitioner, "I wish you to create something that
would justify them."
	"The world is all created," said God, "but you have overlooked
something -- the mortality of the optimist."
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


It takes two to tell the truth: one to speak and one to hear.


Maier's Law:
	If the facts do not conform to the theory, they must be disposed of.
		-- N. R. Maier, "American Psychologist", March 1960

Corollaries:
	1.  The bigger the theory, the better.
	2.  The experiment may be considered a success if no more than
	    50% of the observed measurements must be discarded to
	    obtain a correspondence with the theory.


This ae nighte, this ae nighte,
Everye nighte and alle,
Fire and sleet and candlelyte,
And Christe receive thy saule.
		-- The Lykewake Dirge


Democracy is a process by which the people are free to choose the man who
will get the blame.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


Hi!  You have reached 962-0129. None of us are here to answer the phone and
the cat doesn't have opposing thumbs, so his messages are illegible.  Please
leave your name and message after the beep...


The best way to get rid of worries is to let them die of neglect.


"Art" is the ability to separate the significant from the insignificant.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Safety Third.


Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for you are crunchy and good
with ketchup.


Support your right to bare arms!
		-- A message from the National Short-Sleeved Shirt Association


In war, truth is the first casualty.
		-- U Thant


It's a dog-eat-dog world out there, and I'm wearing Milkbone underwear.
		-- Cheers


As near as I can tell, you're not any crazier
than the average asshole on the street.
		-- R.P. McMurphy, "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest"


Anything that is worth doing has been done frequently.  Things hitherto
undone should be given, I suspect, a wide berth.
		-- Max Beerbohm, "Mainly on the Air"


The Poems, all three hundred of them,
may be summed up in one of their phrases:
"Let our thoughts be correct".
		-- Confucius


	7,140	pounds on the Sun
	   97	pounds on Mercury or Mars
	  255	pounds on Earth
	  232	pounds on Venus or Uranus
	   43	pounds on the Moon
	  648	pounds on Jupiter
	  275	pounds on Saturn
	  303	pounds on Neptune
	   13	pounds on Pluto

		-- How much Elvis Presley would weigh at various places
		   in the solar system.


Watson's Law:
	The reliability of machinery is inversely proportional to the
	number and significance of any persons watching it.


Three women always hang their laundry out in the backyard.  When it rains,
however, the laundry always gets wet.  All the laundry, that is, except
for Laurie's.  Laurie never seems to have her laundry out when it rains.
	So, one day, they are all out in the backyard putting their clothes
on the line when one of the women says to Laurie, "Laurie, how come it
never rains when you have your laundry out?"
	"Well," replies Laurie, "when I wake up in the morning, I check out
my husband Paul.  If his penis is hanging over his right leg, I know it's
going to be a great day.  If his penis is hanging over his left leg, I know
it might rain.  I don't know why it works, but he's never been wrong!"
	"Laurie, what if he has an erection?" asks the other woman.
	"Honey, on a day like *that*, you don't do the *laundry*."


In English, every word can be verbed.  Would that it were so in our
programming languages.


Beware the one behind you.


The avocation of assessing the failures of better men can be turned
into a comfortable livelihood, providing you back it up with a Ph.D.
		-- Nelson Algren, "Writers at Work"


Hi, I'm Preston A. Mantis, president of Consumers Retail Law Outlet.
As you can see by my suit and the fact that I have all these books of
equal height on the shelves behind me, I am a trained legal attorney.
Do you have a car or a job?  Do you ever walk around?  If so, you
probably have the makings of an excellent legal case.  Although of
course every case is different, I would definitely say that based on my
experience and training, there's no reason why you shouldn't come out
of this thing with at least a cabin cruiser.

Remember, at the Preston A. Mantis Consumers Retail Law Outlet, our
motto is:  "It is very difficult to disprove certain kinds of pain."
		-- Dave Barry, "Pain and Suffering"


The major difference between bonds and bond traders is that the
bonds will eventually mature.


You will never know hunger.


It's not reality that's important, but how you perceive things.


Cheap things are of no value, valuable things are not cheap.


Don't interfere with the stranger's style.


If you had any brains, you'd be dangerous.


Hear about...
	the careless canary that did it for a lark?


No, my friend, the way to have good and safe government, is not to trust it
all to one, but to divide it among the many, distributing to every one exactly
the functions he is competent to.  It is by dividing and subdividing these
republics from the national one down through all its subordinations, until it
ends in the administration of every man's farm by himself; by placing under
every one what his own eye may superintend, that all will be done for the best.
		-- Thomas Jefferson, to Joseph Cabell, 1816


Everything can be filed under "miscellaneous".


Would the last person to leave Michigan please turn out the lights?


You can't expect a boy to be vicious till he's been to a good school.
		-- H. H. Munro


	"I keep seeing spots in front of my eyes."
	"Did you ever see a doctor?"
	"No, just spots."


Any father who thinks he's all important should remind himself that this
country honors fathers only one day a year while pickles get a whole week.


This story concerns a man who, after putting his son to bed each night, would
stand by his boy's door and listen to his son saying his prayers.  One night,
the boy ended his prayers with, "God specially bless Granddad, who won't be
with us much longer."  The man thought this was rather curious, but passed it
off as childish whimsy.  The next day, however, he received a call from his
mother, informing him that his father had passed away early that morning.
During the next few weeks, he listened particularly closely to his son's
prayers, but noticed nothing unusual.  Then, one night, the boy ended his
prayers with, "God specially bless Grandmom, who won't be with us much longer."
Although the shock of the original incident had worn off during the intervening
weeks, he nonetheless phoned his mother to inquire as to her health.  He went to
bed reassured, only to be awakened in the night by his sister calling with the
news that their mother had died suddenly in the night.  The father had a series
of psychological tests done; nothing unusual was uncovered.  About a month
later, the boy ended his prayers with, "God specially bless Daddy, who won't
be with us much longer."  The man was panic-stricken, certain that he was
going to die during the night.  He resolved to stay awake all night; if awake
and alert he should be able to prevent any tragedy.  Morning came.  Breathing
a huge sigh of relief, he went to get the paper off the porch.  There, lying
dead on the doorstep, was the milkman.


Your friends will know you better in the first minute you
meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.
		-- Richard Bach, "Illusions"


Whoever named it "necking" was a poor judge of anatomy.
		-- Groucho Marx


Everywhere you go you'll see them searching,
Everywhere you turn you'll feel the pain,
Everyone is looking for the answer,
Well look again.
		-- Moody Blues, "Lost in a Lost World"


University politics are vicious precisely because the stakes are so small.
		-- Henry Kissinger


Corruption is not the No. 1 priority of the Police Commissioner.
His job is to enforce the law and fight crime.
		-- P.B.A. President E. J. Kiernan


To make an enemy, do someone a favor.


He played smooch and stinkfinger with Daisy
Till this virgin was gotch-eyed and hazy.
	Then his gargantuan pole in
	Her pink, tight, and swollen
Young cunt just about drove her crazy.


Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid all together.


Good news.  Ten weeks from Friday will be a pretty good day.


Hear about...
	the ultimate in singles bars.  It's a place where girls have
	to show their I.U.D.'s to be admitted?


Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow you may work.


According to convention there is a sweet and a bitter, a hot and a cold,
and according to convention, there is an order.  In truth, there are atoms
and a void.
		-- Democritus, 400 B.C.


There's an old proverb that says just about whatever you want it to.


Drink and dance and laugh and lie
Love, the reeling midnight through
For tomorrow we shall die!
(But, alas, we never do.)
		-- Dorothy Parker, "The Flaw in Paganism"


You can tell the ideals of a nation by its advertisements.
		-- Norman Douglas


Life is like an egg stain on your chin --
you can lick it, but it still won't go away.


Hell hath no limits, nor is circumscribed in one self place,
for where we are is Hell, and where Hell is there must we ever be.
		-- Christopher Marlowe, "Doctor Faustus"


I am NOMAD!


An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself.
		-- Albert Camus


Oh what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to conceive.
		-- Don Herold


Nice guys finish last, but we get to sleep in.
		-- Evan Davis


Committee Rules:
	(1) Never arrive on time, or you will be stamped a beginner.
	(2) Don't say anything until the meeting is half over; this
	    stamps you as being wise.
	(3) Be as vague as possible; this prevents irritating the
	    others.
	(4) When in doubt, suggest that a subcommittee be appointed.
	(5) Be the first to move for adjournment; this will make you
	    popular -- it's what everyone is waiting for.


Though a program be but three lines long, someday it will have to
be maintained.
		-- The Tao of Programming


There is no statute of limitations on stupidity.


Ginger Snap


Procrastinators do it tomorrow.


Rune's Rule:
	If you don't care where you are, you ain't lost.


			DELETE A FORTUNE!

Don't some of these fortunes just drive you nuts?!  Wouldn't you like
to see some of them deleted from the system?  You can!  Just mail to
"fortune" with the fortune you hate most, and we MIGHT make sure it
gets expunged.


You will be singled out for promotion in your work.


Whip it, baby.
Whip it right.
Whip it, baby.
Whip it all night!


Job Placement, n.:
	Telling your boss what he can do with your job.


I don't give a shit what happens.  I want you all to stonewall it.  Let
them plead the Fifth Amendment, cover up, or anything else if it'll save
the plan.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


In West Union, Ohio, No married man can go flying without his spouse
along at any time, unless he has been married for more than 12 months.


A man needs a mistress, just to break the monogamy.


There is one way to find out if a man is honest -- ask him.  If he says
"Yes" you know he is crooked.
		-- Groucho Marx


Delusions are often functional. A mother's opinions about
her children's beauty, intelligence, goodness, et cetera ad
nauseam, keep her from drowning them at birth.


In charity there is no excess.
		-- Francis Bacon


'Tis the dream of each programmer,
Before his life is done,
To write three lines of APL,
And make the damn things run.


History repeats itself.  That's one thing wrong with history.


If society fits you comfortably enough, you call it freedom.
		-- Robert Frost


You will be the last person to buy a Chrysler.


The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always
so certain of themselves, and wiser people so full of doubts.
		-- Bertrand Russell


Nothing is but what is not.


Good day for overcoming obstacles.  Try a steeplechase.


Weinberg's First Law:
	Progress is only made on alternate Fridays.


Sushido, n.:
	The way of the tuna.


Female ballet dancers are the bravest girls around.  Who else would take a
flying leap into the arms of a homosexual and expect to be caught?
		-- Rita Rudner


You see that fucking fish?
If he'd kept his mouth shut, he wouldn'ta got caught.
		-- Sam Giancana


I wouldn't fuck her with your prick.


Eat, drink, and be merry!  Tomorrow you may be in Utah.


Certainly the game is rigged.
Don't let that stop you; if you don't bet, you can't win.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein, "Time Enough For Love"


	"That's right; the upper-case shift works fine on the screen, but
they're not coming out on the damn printer...  Hold?  Sure, I'll hold."
		-- e. e. cummings last service call


The problem that we thought was a problem was, indeed,
a problem, but not the problem we thought was the problem.
		-- Mike Smith


If I 'cp /bin/csh /dev/audio' shouldn't I hear the ocean?
		-- Danno Coppock


TOTD (T-shirt Of The Day):
	I'm the person your mother warned you about.


Telling the truth to people who misunderstand you is generally
promoting a falsehood, isn't it?
		-- A. Hope


grep me no patterns and I'll tell you no lines.


Pauca sed matura.  (Few but excellent.)
		-- Gauss


You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.


Gary Hart's biggest mistake was not getting Teddy Kennedy to drive
Donna Rice home.


ALGORITHM:
	Trendy dance for hip programmers.


It was Penguin lust... at its ugliest.


Getting an education at the University of California is like having
$50.00 shoved up your ass, a nickel at a time.


But don't you worry, its for a cause -- feeding global corporations
paws.


To be the kind of girl designed to be kissed between the thighs.


Basically my wife was immature.  I'd be at home in the bath and she'd
come in and sink my boats.
		-- Woody Allen


GET OFF THE FUCKING SYSTEM THIS INSTANT, YOU ASSHOLE!!!!


Flirting is the gentle art of making a man feel pleased with himself.
		-- Helen Rowland


Toddlers are the stormtroopers of the Lord of Entropy.


Q:	What is "SMOORPLAY"?
A:	It's what SMURFS do before they SMUCK, of course!


Ever wonder if taxation without representation might have been cheaper?


Self Test for Paranoia:
	You know you have it when you can't think of anything that's
	your own fault.


It is ridiculous to call this an industry.  This is not.  This is rat eat
rat, dog eat dog.  I'll kill 'em, and I'm going to kill 'em before they
kill me.  You're talking about the American way of survival of the fittest.
		-- Ray Kroc, founder of McDonald's


A social scientist, studying the culture and traditions of a small North
African tribe, found a woman still practicing the ancient art of matchmaking.
Locally, she was known as the Moor, the marrier.


"In the age of the internet attaching a famous name to your personal
opinion to give more weight to it is a very valid strategy."
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Democrats buy most of the books that have been banned somewhere.
Republicans form censorship committees and read them as a group.

Republicans consume three-fourths of the rutabaga produced in the USA.
The remainder is thrown out.

Republicans usually wear hats and almost always clean their paint brushes.

Republicans study the financial pages of the newspaper.
Democrats put them in the bottom of the bird cage.

Most of the stuff alongside the road has been thrown out of car
windows by Democrats.
		-- Paul Dickson, "The Official Rules"


	In the beginning there was only one kind of Mathematician, created by
the Great Mathematical Spirit form the Book: the Topologist.  And they grew to
large numbers and prospered.
	One day they looked up in the heavens and desired to reach up as far
as the eye could see.  So they set out in building a Mathematical edifice that
was to reach up as far as "up" went.  Further and further up they went ...
until one night the edifice collapsed under the weight of paradox.
	The following morning saw only rubble where there once was a huge
structure reaching to the heavens.  One by one, the Mathematicians climbed
out from under the rubble.  It was a miracle that nobody was killed; but when
they began to speak to one another, SURPRISE of all surprises! they could not
understand each other.  They all spoke different languages.  They all fought
amongst themselves and each went about their own way.  To this day the
Topologists remain the original Mathematicians.
		-- The Story of Babel


Drinking makes such fools of people, and people are such fools to begin
with, that it's compounding a felony.
		-- Robert Benchley


Systems programmers are the high priests of a low cult.
		-- R. S. Barton


	"Sir", said the beggar, "can you spare fifty dollars for a cup of
coffee?"
	"Fifty dollars for a cup of coffee, one should be sufficient!",
answered the gentleman, rather shortly.
	"I know", replied the beggar, "but coffee always makes me horny."


LETTERS TO THE EDITOR (The Times of London)

Dear Sir,

I am firmly opposed to the spread of microchips either to the home or
to the office.  We have more than enough of them foisted upon us in
public places.  They are a disgusting Americanism, and can only result
in the farmers being forced to grow smaller potatoes, which in turn
will cause massive unemployment in the already severely depressed
agricultural industry.

Yours faithfully,
	Capt. Quinton D'Arcy, J. P.
	Sevenoaks


Basic Definitions of Science:
	If it's green or wiggles, it's biology.
	If it stinks, it's chemistry.
	If it doesn't work, it's physics.


Horsecrap, little brother.  There's always something more to be done.
Another palm to be greased.  Another back to be scratched.  Another
weak sister to be shored up.
		-- J.R. Ewing


After spending a forbidden night on the town, two young nuns were trying
to sneak through the fence surrounding their Convent.
	"You know," giggled one as she held the wire apart for the other
to crawl through, "I feel like a Marine."
	"So do I," the other nun sighed, "but where are we going to
find one at three in the morning?"


Suffering alone exists, none who suffer;
The deed there is, but no doer thereof;
Nirvana is, but no one is seeking it;
The Path there is, but none who travel it.
		-- "Buddhist Symbolism", Symbols and Values


Armadillo, v.:
	To provide weapons to a Spanish pickle.


I'm so broke I can't even pay attention.


Will you loan me $20.00 and only give me ten of it?
That way, you will owe me ten, and I'll owe you ten, and we'll be even!


Alex Haley was adopted!


A man sat down next to another passenger on a train recently and couldn't
help overhearing his conversation out the window with a man standing on
the train platform.
	"Thanks for putting me up while I was here, Sam," said the passenger.
	"Glad to do it," said the other man.
	"Thanks for the food and the drinks -- everything was wonderful."
	"It was a pleasure," said the man.
	"And thank your wife, Sam, she was great," said the passenger,
"she was a truly great lay."
	The man was rather taken aback by this exchange and he later turned
to his fellow passenger and said: "Pardon me sir, but did I understand you
to say that your friend's wife was a great lay?"
	"Well," said the other passenger, "I didn't REALLY enjoy it.  But
Sam is a helluva nice guy."


Always run from a knife and rush a gun.
		-- Jimmy Hoffa


It is far better to be deceived than to be undeceived by those we love.


Nuclear war can ruin your whole compile.
		-- Karl Lehenbauer


Viking, n.:
	1. Daring Scandinavian seafarers, explorers, adventurers,
	entrepreneurs world-famous for their aggressive, nautical import
	business, highly leveraged takeovers and blue eyes.
	2. Bloodthirsty sea pirates who ravaged northern Europe beginning
	in the 9th century.

Hagar's note: The first definition is much preferred; the second is used
only by malcontents, the envious, and disgruntled owners of waterfront
property.


	It was her wedding night, and the sweet young thing was in a
romantic haze.  "Oh, darling," she sighed, "We're married at last.
It's all like a wonderful dream!"
	Her husband didn't answer.  A few moments passed.  She sighed again
and said, "I'm afraid I'll awake in a moment and find it isn't true."
	Still no response from her spouse.  Another pause and another
sensuous sigh, then, softly, "I just can't believe that I'm really your
wife."
	"Damn it," growled her mate, "as soon as I get this shoelace untied,
you will!"


Bershere's Formula for Failure:
	There are only two kinds of people who fail: those who
	listen to nobody... and those who listen to everybody.


When a fly lands on the ceiling, does it do a half roll or a half
loop?


"Well," Brahma said, "even after ten thousand explanations, a fool is
no wiser, but an intelligent man requires only two thousand five
hundred."
		-- The Mahabharata


Wit, n.:
	The salt with which the American Humorist spoils his cookery...
	by leaving it out.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


So from the depths of its enchantment, Terra was able to calculate a course
of action.  Here at last was an opportunity to consort with Dirbanu on a
friendly basis -- great Dirbanu which, since it had force fields which Earth
could not duplicate, must of necessity have many other things Earth could
use; mighty Dirbanu before whom we would kneel in supplication (with purely-
for-defense bombs hidden in our pockets) with lowered heads (making invisible
the knife in our teeth) and ask for crumbs from their table (in order to
extrapolate the location of their kitchens).
		-- T. Sturgeon, "The World Well Lost"


Bill Dickey is learning me his experience.
		-- Yogi Berra in his rookie season


Hear about...
	the freaky WAC who was court-martialed for contributing to the
	delinquency of a major?


Lisp Users:
Due to the holiday next Monday, there will be no garbage collection.


Quick!!  Act as if nothing has happened!


Whip it, baby.
Whip it right.
Whip it, baby.
Whip it all night!


AMBIGUITY:
	Telling the truth when you don't mean to.


Don't see 'em this big out here, do they?
		-- Lyndon B. Johnson, exposing himself to reporters
		   in a public toilet during a tour of the Far East


Bore, n.:
	A person who talks when you wish him to listen.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Join the Navy; sail to far-off exotic lands,
meet exciting interesting people, and kill them.


Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark.
Professionals built the Titanic.


Ruth made a great mistake when he gave up pitching.  Working once a week,
he might have lasted a long time and become a great star.
		-- Tris Speaker, commenting on Babe Ruth's plan to change
		   from being a pitcher to an outfielder.
		   Cerf/Navasky, "The Experts Speak"


Machine-Independent, adj.:
	Does not run on any existing machine.


I had never been too political, but I knew how white people treated black
people and it was hard for me to come back to the bullshit white people
put a black person through in this country.  To realize you don't have any
power to make things different is a bitch.
		-- Miles Davis


National Sex Week -- don't let your meat loaf.


Well, you got your mules and you got your racehorses, and you can kick
a mule in the ass all you want, and he's still not gonna be a racehorse.
		-- Billy Martin, "Esquire", May, 1984


