As with most fine things, chocolate has its season.  There is a simple memory
aid that you can use to determine whether it is the correct time to order
chocolate dishes: Any month whose name contains the letter A, E, or U is the
proper time for chocolate.
		-- Sandra Boynton, "Chocolate: The Consuming Passion"


By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.


BOHICA:
	Bend over, here it comes again.


If you could get an erection, you would have no need for Emacs.


The difference between women and girls
is as much as twenty years in some states.


Who cares if it doesn't do anything?  It was made with
our new Triple-Iso-Bifurcated-Krypton-Gate-MOS process...


In the midst of one of the wildest parties he'd ever been to, the young man
noticed a very prim and pretty girl sitting quietly apart from the rest of
the revelers.  Approaching her, he introduced himself and, after some quiet
conversation, said, "I'm afraid you and I don't really fit in with this
jaded group.  Why don't I take you home?""
	"Fine," said the girl, smiling up at him demurely.  "Where do you
live?"


As part of the conversion, computer specialists rewrote 1,500 programs;
a process that traditionally requires some debugging.
		-- USA Today, referring to the Internal Revenue Service
		   conversion to a new computer system.


My father was a saint, I'm not.
		-- Indira Gandhi


There never was a good war or a bad peace.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Don't say "yes" until I finish talking.
		-- Darryl F. Zanuck


Trouble strikes in series of threes, but when working around the house the
next job after a series of three is not the fourth job -- it's the start of
a brand new series of three.


Do Miami a favor.  When you leave, take someone with you.


Then there was the Formosan bartender named Taiwan-On.


Within a month [in 1969] I had met the first of a small but not uninfluential
community of people who violently opposed SALT for a simple reason: It might
keep America from developing a first-strike capability against the Soviet
Union.  I'll never forget being lectured by an Air Force colonel about how
we should have "nuked" the Soviets in late 1940s before they got The Bomb.
I was told that if SALT would go away, we'd soon have the capability to nuke
them again -- and this time we'd use it.
		-- Roger Molander, former nuclear strategist for the
		   White House's National Security Council, Washington
		   Post, 21 March, 1982


Let me take you a button-hole lower.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"


Adopted kids are such a pain -- you have to teach them how to look
like you ...
		-- Gilda Radner


Remember that there is an outside world to see and enjoy.
		-- Hans Liepmann


It runs like _x, where _x is something unsavory.
		-- Prof. Romas Aleliunas, CS 435


Baruch's Observation:
	If all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.


You know what I wish?  I wish all the scum of the Earth had one throat
and I had my hands about it.
		-- Rorschach, "Watchmen"


Murphy's Law, that brash proletarian restatement of Godel's Theorem.
		-- Thomas Pynchon, "Gravity's Rainbow"


Grandpa Charnock's Law:
	You never really learn to swear until you learn to drive.

	[I thought it was when your kids learned to drive.  Ed.]


Here is a test to find whether your mission on earth is finished:
if you're alive, it isn't.


A hermit is a deserter from the army of humanity.


The only problem with seeing too much is that it makes you insane.
		-- Phaedrus


An ounce of clear truth is worth a pound of obfuscation.


Everybody needs a little love sometime;
stop hacking and fall in love!


It is idle to attempt to talk a young woman out of her passion:
love does not lie in the ear.
		-- Walpole


	... This striving for excellence extends into people's
personal lives as well.  When '80s people buy something, they buy the
best one, as determined by (1) price and (2) lack of availability.
Eighties people buy imported dental floss.  They buy gourmet baking
soda.  If an '80s couple goes to a restaurant where they have made a
reservation three weeks in advance, and they are informed that their
table is available, they stalk out immediately, because they know it is
not an excellent restaurant.  If it were, it would have an enormous
crowd of excellence-oriented people like themselves waiting, their
beepers going off like crickets in the night.  An excellent restaurant
wouldn't have a table ready immediately for anybody below the rank of
Liza Minnelli.
		-- Dave Barry, "In Search of Excellence"


How sharper than a serpent's tooth is a sister's "See?"
		-- Linus Van Pelt


Surprise your boss.  Get to work on time.


I don't mind what Congress does, as long as they don't do it in the
streets and frighten the horses.
		-- Victor Hugo


The road to ruin is always in good repair,
and the travellers pay the expense of it.
		-- Josh Billings


Penguin Trivia #46:
	Animals who are not penguins can only wish they were.
		-- Chicago Reader 10/15/82


You will find me drinking gin
In the lowest kind of inn,
Because I am a rigid Vegetarian.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


The older I grow, the less important the comma becomes.
Let the reader catch his own breath.
		-- Elizabeth Clarkson Zwart


RADIO SHACK LEVEL II BASIC
READY
>_


Ooooooh, nooooooo, not tonite!!


Behold the unborn fetus and
	Weep salt tears crocodilian;
All life is sacred (save, of course,
	An enemy civilian).


There has been an alarming increase in the
number of things you know nothing about.


A Code of Honour: never approach a friend's girlfriend or wife with mischief
as your goal.  There are too many women in the world to justify that sort of
dishonourable behaviour.  Unless she's really attractive.
		-- Bruce J. Friedman, "Sex and the Lonely Guy"


A man may well bring a horse to the water,
but he cannot make him drink with he will.
		-- John Heywood


But, for my own part, it was Greek to me.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"


Ya know, Quaker Oats make you feel good twice!


Living here in Rio, I have lots of coffees to choose from.  And when
you're on the lam like me, you appreciate a good cup of coffee.
		-- "Great Train Robber" Ronald Biggs' coffee commercial


She was wearing a very tight skirt, and when she tried to board the Fifth
Avenue bus she found she couldn't lift her leg.  She reached back and
unzipped her zipper.  It didn't seem to do any good, so she reached back
and unzipped it again.  Suddenly the man behind her lifted her up and put
her on the top step.
	"How dare you?" she demanded.
	"Well, lady," he said, "by the time you unzipped my fly for the
second time I thought we'd become good friends."


Quality control:
	Assuring that the quality of a product does not get out of hand
	and add to the cost of its manufacture or design.


For some reason, this fortune reminds everyone of Marvin Zelkowitz.


The best things in life are for a fee.


A person who has both feet planted firmly in the air can be safely
called a liberal.


In any country there must be people who have to die.  They are the
sacrifices any nation has to make to achieve law and order.
		-- Idi Amin Dada


Q:	How many Marxists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	None:  The lightbulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.


Never kick a man, unless he's down.


If sarcasm were posted on Usenet, would anybody notice?
		-- James Nicoll


If man is only a little lower than the angels, the angels should reform.
		-- Mary Wilson Little


If the grass is greener on other side of fence,
consider what may be fertilizing it.


I have a theory that it's impossible to prove anything,
but I can't prove it.


I can't mate in captivity.
		-- Gloria Steinem, on why she has never married


And... What in the world ever became of Sweet Jane?
	She's lost her sparkle, you see she isn't the same.
	Livin' on reds, vitamin C, and cocaine
	All a friend can say is "Ain't it a shame?"
		-- The Grateful Dead


Preudhomme's Law of Window Cleaning:
	It's on the other side.


Different all twisty a of in maze are you, passages little.


For I swore I would stay a year away from her; out and alas!
but with break of day I went to make supplication.
		-- Paulus Silentarius, c. 540 A.D.


Then a man said: Speak to us of Expectations.

He then said: If a man does not see or hear the waters of the Jordan,
then he should not taste the pomegranate or ply his wares in an open
market.

If a man would not labour in the salt and rock quarries then he should
not accept of the Earth that which he refuses to give of himself.

Such a man would expect a pear of a peach tree.
Such a man would expect a stone to lay an egg.
Such a man would expect Sears to assemble a lawnmower.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"


Beauty, n.:
	The power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #6

RAZORBACK:			Paul Harbride, 1984, 2 hours 25 min.
	One of the great Australian films of the early 1980's,
	and arguably the best movie ever made about a large,
	man-eating hog.  Some violence.  With Gregory Harrison.


So many women, and so little time!


Man's reach must exceed his grasp, for why else the heavens?


Every dog has its day, but the nights belong to the pussycats.


He looked at me as if I were a side dish he hadn't ordered.
		-- Ring Lardner


Freedom begins when you tell Mrs. Grundy to go fly a kite.


Captain's Log, star date 21:34.5...


If we were meant to fly, we wouldn't keep losing our luggage.


A man's best friend is his dogma.


Those who can, do; those who can't, simulate.


Patience is long forgotten by convenience in this life.
		-- Carmen Caicedo Giraudy


Ah spring, when a fancy young man lightly turns his lover over.


Dear Emily:
	Today I posted an article and forgot to include my signature.
What should I do?
		-- Forgetful

Dear Forgetful:
	Rush to your terminal right away and post an article that says,
"Oops, I forgot to post my signature with that last article.  Here
it is."
	Since most people will have forgotten your earlier article,
(particularly since it dared to be so boring as to not have a nice, juicy
signature) this will remind them of it.  Besides, people care much more
about the signature anyway.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette


Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced -- even a
proverb is no proverb to you till your life has illustrated it.
		-- John Keats


Seems that a pollster was taking a worldwide opinion poll.
Her question was, "Excuse me; what's your opinion on the meat shortage?"

In Texas, the answer was "What's a shortage?"
In Poland, the answer was "What's meat?"
In the Soviet Union, the answer was "What's an opinion?"
In New York City, the answer was "What's excuse me?"


The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men
of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding.
		-- Justice Louis D. Brandeis


If that makes any sense to you, you have a big problem.
		-- C. Durance, Computer Science 234


A word to the wise is enough.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


Top 10 things likely to be overheard if you had a Klingon Programmer:

10) Specifications are for the weak and timid!
 9) You question the worthiness of my code?  I should kill you where you stand!
 8) Indentation?! - I will show you how to indent when I indent your skull!
 7) What is this talk of 'release'?  Klingons do not make software 'releases'.
    Our software 'escapes' leaving a bloody trail of designers and quality
    assurance people in its wake.
 6) Klingon function calls do not have 'parameters' - they have 'arguments'
     - and they ALWAYS WIN THEM.
 5) Debugging?  Klingons do not debug.  Our software does not coddle the weak.
 4) A TRUE Klingon Warrior does not comment his code!
 3) Klingon software does NOT have BUGS.  It has FEATURES, and those features
    are too sophisticated for a Romulan pig like you to understand.
 2) You cannot truly appreciate Dilbert unless you've read it in the
    original Klingon.
 1) Our users will know fear and cower before our software!  Ship it!  Ship
    it and let them flee like the dogs they are!


Things are more like they are today than they ever were before.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


I want to buy a husband who, every week when I sit down to watch "St.
Elsewhere", won't scream, "FORGET IT, BLANCHE ... IT'S TIME FOR 'HEE
HAW'!!"
		-- Berke Breathed, "Bloom County"


Hawkeye's Conclusion:
	It's not easy to play the clown
	when you've got to run the whole circus.


Florence Flask was ... dressing for the opera when she turned to her
husband and screamed, "Erlenmeyer!  My joules!  Someone has stolen my
joules!"

"Now, now, my dear," replied her husband, "keep your balance and reflux
a moment.  Perhaps they're mislead."

"No, I know they're stolen," cried Florence.  "I remember putting them
in my burette ... We must call a copper."

Erlenmeyer did so, and the flatfoot who turned up, one Sherlock Ohms,
said the outrage looked like the work of an arch-criminal by the name
of Lawrence Ium.

"We must be careful -- he's a free radical, ultraviolet, and
dangerous.  His girlfriend is a chlorine at the Palladium.  Maybe I can
catch him there."  With that, he jumped on his carbon cycle in an
activated state and sped off along the reaction pathway ...
		-- Daniel B. Murphy, "Precipitations"


A pencil with no point needs no eraser.


   It is either through the influence of narcotic potions, of which all
primitive peoples and races speak in hymns, or through the powerful approach
of spring, penetrating with joy all of nature, that those Dionysian stirrings
arise, which in their intensification lead the individual to forget himself
completely. ... Not only does the bond between man and man come to be forged
once again by the magic of the Dionysian rite, but alienated, hostile, or
subjugated nature again celebrates her reconciliation with her prodigal son,
man.
		-- Fred Nietzsche, The Birth of Tragedy


Like you, I am frequently haunted by profound questions related to man's
place in the Scheme of Things.  Here are just a few:

	Q -- Is there life after death?
	A -- Definitely.  I speak from personal experience here.  On New
Year's Eve, 1970, I drank a full pitcher of a drink called "Black Russian",
then crawled out on the lawn and died within a matter of minutes, which was
fine with me because I had come to realize that if I had lived I would have
spent the rest of my life in the grip of the most excruciatingly painful
headache.  Thanks to the miracle of modern orange juice, I was brought back
to life several days later, but in the interim I was definitely dead.  I
guess my main impression of the afterlife is that it isn't so bad as long
as you keep the television turned down and don't try to eat any solid foods.
		-- Dave Barry


Business is a good game -- lots of competition
and minimum of rules.  You keep score with money.
		-- Nolan Bushnell, founder of Atari


A computer, to print out a fact,
Will divide, multiply, and subtract.
	But this output can be
	No more than debris,
If the input was short of exact.
		-- Gigo


Justice, n.:
	A decision in your favor.


Already the spirit of our schooling is permeated with the feeling that every
subject, every topic, every fact, every professed truth must be submitted
to a certain publicity and impartiality.  All proffered samples of learning
must go to the same assay-room and be subjected to common tests.  It is the
essence of all dogmatic faiths to hold that any such "show-down" is
sacrilegious and perverse.  The characteristic of religion, from their point
of view, is that it is intellectually secret, not public; peculiarly revealed,
not generally known; authoritatively declared, not communicated and tested
in ordinary ways...It is pertinent to point out that, as long as religion
is conceived as it is now by the great majority of professed religionists,
there is something self-contradictory in speaking of education in religion
in the same sense in which we speak of education in topics where the method
of free inquiry has made its way.  The "religious" would be the last to be
willing that either the history of the content of religion should be taught
in this spirit; while those to whom the scientific standpoint is not merely
a technical device, but is the embodiment of the integrity of mind, must
protest against its being taught in any other spirit.
		-- John Dewey, "Democracy in the Schools" (1908)


You don't have to explain something you never said.
		-- Calvin Coolidge


Birth, copulation and death.
That's all the facts when you come to brass tacks;
Birth, copulation and death.
		-- T.S. Elliot, "Sweeney Agonistes"


Honesty is for the most part less profitable than dishonesty.
		-- Plato


The worst thing about some men is that when they are not drunk they
are sober.
		-- William Butler Yeats


If I'd known computer science was going to be like this,
I'd never have given up being a rock 'n' roll star.
		-- G. Hirst


In America today ... we have Woody Allen, whose humor has become so
sophisticated that nobody gets it any more except Mia Farrow.  All
those who think Mia Farrow should go back to making movies where the
devil gets her pregnant and Woody Allen should go back to dressing up
as a human sperm, please raise your hands.  Thank you.
		-- Dave Barry, "Why Humor is Funny"


Age before beauty; and pearls before swine.
		-- Dorothy Parker


It is not enough to have a good mind.
The main thing is to use it well.
		-- Rene Descartes


Barth's Distinction:
	There are two types of people: those who divide people into two
types, and those who don't.


Breakfast sometime?
	Sure.
Shall I call you or just nudge you?


Jack an Jill went up the hill.
Jill went down,
Jack came.


You are fairminded, just and loving.


It is idle to attempt to talk a young woman out of her passion:
love does not lie in the ear.
		-- Walpole


"Carefully study these two enlarged photographs on display, Mr. Rafferty,"
the attorney for a politician suing a newspaper for libel instructed his
client on the witness stand, "and indicate which is your ass and which is
a hole in the ground."


	A manager went to his programmers and told them: "As regards to your
work hours: you are going to have to come in at nine in the morning and leave
at five in the afternoon."  At this, all of them became angry and several
resigned on the spot.
	So the manager said: "All right, in that case you may set your own
working hours, as long as you finish your projects on schedule."  The
programmers, now satisfied, began to come in a noon and work to the wee
hours of the morning.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Take me drunk,
I'm home again!


It is only the great men who are truly obscene.  If they had not dared
to be obscene, they could never have dared to be great.
		-- Havelock Ellis


Earth is a beta site.


California is proud to be the home of the freeway.
		-- Ronald Reagan


You will be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize... posthumously.


He who foresees calamities suffers them twice over.


Review Questions

1:	If Nerd on the planet Nutley starts out in his spaceship at 20 KPH,
	and his speed doubles every 3.2 seconds, how long will it be before
	he exceeds the speed of light?  How long will it be before the
	Galactic Patrol picks up the pieces of his spaceship?

2:	If Roger Rowdy wrecks his car every week, and each week he breaks
	twice as many bones as before, how long will it be before he breaks
	every bone in his body?  How long will it be before they cut off
	his insurance?  Where does he get a new car every week?

3:	If Johnson drinks one beer the first hour (slow start), four beers
	the next hour, nine beers the next, etc., and stacks the cans in
	a pyramid, how soon will Johnson's pyramid be larger than King
	Tut's?  When will it fall on him?  Will he notice?


Another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree.


	A woman was married to a golfer.  One day she asked, "If I were
to die, would you remarry?"
	After some thought, the man replied, "Yes, I've been very happy in
this marriage and I would want to be this happy again."
	The wife asked, "Would you give your new wife my car?"
	"Yes," he replied.  "That's a good car and it runs well."
	"Well, would you live in this house?"
	"Yes, it is a lovely house and you have decorated it beautifully.
I've always loved it here."
	"Well, would you give her my golf clubs?"
	"No."
	"Why not?"
	"She's left handed."


Woody:  What's the story, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   The Bobbsey twins go to the brewery.
	Let's just cut to the happy ending.
		-- Cheers, Airport V

Woody:  Hey, Mr. Peterson, there's a cold one waiting for you.
Norm:   I know, and if she calls, I'm not here.
		-- Cheers, Bar Wars II: The Woodman Strikes Back

Sam:  Beer, Norm?
Norm: Have I gotten that predictable?  Good.
		-- Cheers, Don't Paint Your Chickens


The, uh, snowy mountains are like really cold, eh?
And the, um, plains stretch out like my moms girdle, eh?
There's lotsa beers and doughnuts for everyone, eh?
So the last one to be peaceful and everything is a big idiot,
Eh?
So shut yer face up and dry yer mukluks by the fire, eh?
And dream about girls with their high beams on, eh?
They may be cold, but that's okay!  Beer's better that way!
Eh?
		-- A, like, Tribute to the Great White North, eh?
Beauty!


SUN Microsystems:
	The Network IS the Load Average.


I think any man in business would be foolish to fool around
with his secretary.  If it's somebody else's secretary, fine.
		-- Barry Goldwater


If you live to the age of a hundred you have it made
because very few people die past the age of a hundred.
		-- George Burns


My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four.
Unless there are three other people.
		-- Orson Welles


I:
	The best way to make a silk purse from a sow's ear is to begin
	with a silk sow.  The same is true of money.
II:
	If today were half as good as tomorrow is supposed to be, it would
	probably be twice as good as yesterday was.
III:
	There are no lazy veteran lion hunters.
IV:
	If you can afford to advertise, you don't need to.
V:
	One-tenth of the participants produce over one-third of the output.
	Increasing the number of participants merely reduces the average
	output.
		-- Norman Augustine


	Desperate about the state of her social life, a young woman resorted
to the Personal Ads in the back of her local paper.  In the ad she made it
quite clear that what she was advertising for was an expert lover; she already
had plenty of sensitive friends and meaningful relationships and what she
now wanted was to get laid, to put it bluntly.  Phone calls started coming
in, with each caller testifying to his sexual prowess, but none quite struck
the young woman's fancy.  Until one night her doorbell rang.  Opening the door
she found a man with no arms or legs, who informed her that he was there in
response to her advertisement.  "I'm terribly sorry," she stammered, "but my
ad was quite explicit.  I'm really looking for something of a sexual expert,
and you... uh... don't have all the..."
	"Listen," the man interrupted her, "I rang the doorbell, didn't I?"


Hear about...
	the absent minded sculptor who put his model to bed and
	started chiseling on his wife?


Her brother, a bastard named Ben,
Could rotate his pecker, and then
	He would shoot through his rear
	Which made him dear
Of the girls, and the envy of men.


...that the notions of "hardware", and "software" should be extended by
the notion of LIVEWARE - being that which produces software for use on
hardware.  This produces an obvious extension to the concept of MONITORS.
A liveware monitor is a person dedicated to the task of ensuring that the
liveware does not interfere with the real-time processes, invoking the
REAL-TIME EXECUTIONER to delete liveware that adversely affects ...
		-- Linden and Wihelminalaan


I'll give you my opinion of the human race in a nutshell ... their heart's
in the right place, but their head is a thoroughly inefficient organ.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham, "The Summing Up"


Some people live life in the fast lane.
You're in oncoming traffic.


The strong give up and move on, while the weak give up and stay.


Two rights don't make a wrong, they make an airplane.


I was in this prematurely air conditioned supermarket and there were all
these aisles and there were these bathing caps you could buy that had these
kind of Fourth of July plumes on them that were red and yellow and blue and
I wasn't tempted to buy one but I was reminded of the fact that I had been
avoiding the beach.
		-- Lucinda Childs "Einstein On The Beach"


The church is near but the road is icy,
the bar is far away but I will walk carefully.
		-- Russian Proverb


Two battleships assigned to the training squadron had been at sea on maneuvers
in heavy weather for several days.  I was serving on the lead battleship and
was on watch on the bridge as night fell.  The visibility was poor with patchy
fog, so the Captain remained on the bridge keeping an eye on all activities.
	Shortly after dark, the lookout on the wing of the bridge reported,
"Light, bearing on the starboard bow."
	"Is it steady or moving astern?" the Captain called out.
	Lookout replied, "Steady, Captain," which meant we were on a dangerous
collision course with that ship.
	The Captain then called to the signalman, "Signal that ship: We are on
a collision course, advise you change course 20 degrees."
	Back came a signal "Advisable for you to change course 20 degrees."
	In reply, the Captain said, "Send: I'm a Captain, change course 20
degrees!"
	"I'm a seaman second class," came the reply, "You had better change
course 20 degrees."
	By that time, the Captain was furious. He spit out, "Send: I'm a
battleship, change course 20 degrees."
	Back came the flashing light: "I'm a lighthouse!"
	We changed course.
		-- The Naval Institute's "Proceedings"


She asked me, "What's your sign?"
I blinked and answered "Neon,"
I thought I'd blow her mind...


In buying horses and taking a wife
shut your eyes tight and commend yourself to God.


Five is a sufficiently close approximation to infinity.
		-- Robert Firth


It isn't easy being green.
		-- Kermit the Frog


Neutrinos are into physicists.


Death is nature's way of telling you to slow down.


For most men life is a search for the proper manila envelope in which to
get themselves filed.
		-- Clifton Fadiman


You have a strong appeal for members of the opposite sex.


Please don't put a strain on our friendship
by asking me to do something for you.


Graduate life -- it's not just a job, it's an indenture.


New York-- to that tall skyline I come
Flyin' in from London to your door
New York-- lookin' down on Central Park
Where they say you should not wander after dark.
New York.
		-- Simon and Garfunkel


War is like love, it always finds a way.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "Mother Courage"


You may have heard that a dean is
to faculty as a hydrant is to a dog.
		-- Alfred Kahn


Posterity will ne'er survey
A nobler grave than this;
Here lie the bones of Castlereagh;
Stop, traveler, and piss.
		-- Lord Byron, on Lord Castlereagh


The easy confidence with which I know another man's religion is folly
teaches me to suspect that my own is also.

I would not interfere with any one's religion, either to strengthen it
or to weaken it.  I am not able to believe one's religion can affect his
hereafter one way or the other, no matter what that religion may be.
But it may easily be a great comfort to him in this life -- hence it is a
valuable possession to him.

I do not see how eternal punishment hereafter could accomplish any good
end, therefore I am not able to believe in it. To chasten a man in order
to perfect him might be reasonable enough; to annihilate him when he shall
have proved himself incapable of reaching perfection might be reasonable
enough; but to roast him forever for the mere satisfaction of seeing him
roast would not be reasonable -- even the atrocious God imagined by the Jews
would tire of the spectacle eventually.
		-- Mark Twain


Say many of cameras focused t'us,
Our middle-aged shots do us justice.
No justice, please, curse ye!
We really want mercy:
You see, 'tis the justice, disgusts us.
		-- Thomas H. Hildebrandt


QOTD:
	"I say, and without apology, hang the bitch."


	Young men and young women may work systematically six days in the
week and rise fresh in the morning, but let them attend modern dances for
only a few hours each evening and see what happens.  The Waltz, Polka,
Gallop and other dances of the same kind will be disastrous in their effects
to both sexes.  Health and vigor will vanish like the dew before the sun.
	It is not the extraordinary exercise which harms the dancer, but
rather the coming into close contact with the opposite sex.  It is the
fury of lust craving incessantly for more pleasure that undermines the
soul, the body, the sinews and nerves.  Experience and statistics show
beyond doubt that passionate excessive dancing girls can hardly reach
twenty-five years of age and men thirty-one.  Even if they reached that
age they will in most instances be broken in health physically and morally.
This is the claim of prominent physicians in this country.
		-- Quote from a 1910 periodical


Ryan's Law:
	Make three correct guesses consecutively
	and you will establish yourself as an expert.


Remember Darwin; building a better
mousetrap merely results in smarter mice.


Said the Duchess of Danzer at tea,
"Young man, do you fart when you pee?"
	I replied with some wit,
	"Do you belch when you shit?"
I think that was one up for me.


If you think sex is a pain in the ass, try a different position.


Said President Jobcock one day:
"War's better than love, I should say.
	Instead of a virgin,
	It's murder I'm urgin'--
You get lots more blood that-a-way."


Don't you feel more like you do now than you did when you came in?


A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
		-- Ziggy


This is an unauthorized cybernetic announcement.


Paranoia is simply an optimistic outlook on life.


To err is human, to forgive, beyond the scope of the Operating System.


