It is said that the lonely eagle flies to the mountain peaks while the
lowly ant crawls the ground, but cannot the soul of the ant soar as
high as the eagle?


Only someone with nothing to be sorry for
smiles back at the rear of an elephant.


Your fault - core dumped


Diogenes went to look for an honest lawyer. "How's it going?", someone
asked him, after a few days.
	"Not too bad", replied Diogenes. "I still have my lantern."


Getting kicked out of the American Bar Association is liked getting kicked
out of the Book-of-the-Month Club.
		-- Melvin Belli on the occasion of his getting kicked out
		   of the American Bar Association


You can't expect a boy to be vicious till he's been to a good school.
		-- H. H. Munro


HEY KIDS!  ANN LANDERS SAYS:
	Remember, oral sex CAN cause pregnancy, unless you use an
oral contraceptive.  See your family planning clinic today!


A Code of Honour: never approach a friend's girlfriend or wife with mischief
as your goal.  There are too many women in the world to justify that sort of
dishonourable behaviour.  Unless she's really attractive.
		-- Bruce J. Friedman, "Sex and the Lonely Guy"


An American businessman in London was given special visitor's privileges at an
exclusive men's club.  Striding in one afternoon, the American approached the
only other man in the lounge and tried to strike up a conversation.  "Care
for a cigar?" he asked.
	"No, thank you," the Englishman replied.  "I tried smoking once and
didn't like it."
	"Would you care to join me in the bar for a drink, then?" the
businessman asked.
	"No, thank you.  I tried drinking once and it didn't agree with me."
	"Well, how about a game of billiards?"
	"Sorry.  I tried it once and couldn't seem to get the hang of it."
	As the American started to turn away, the Englishman said, "But my
son will be here shortly, and I'm sure he would enjoy a game with you."
	"Your son?  An only child, I presume."


A day without sunshine is like night.


The President publicly apologized today to all those offended by his
brother's remark, "There's more Arabs in this country than there is
Jews!".  Those offended include Arabs, Jews, and English teachers.
		-- Baltimore, Channel 11 News, on Jimmy Carter


Other people don't give you orgasms; you have them, and they help you
cash them in.


vacation;look;find;talk;grep;touch;finger;find;flex;unzip;mount;workbone; \
fsck;yes;gasp;fsck;yes;eject;umount;make clean;zip;split;done;exit


Q:	How many WASPs does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	One.


According to the latest official figures,
43% of all statistics are totally worthless.


Old Mother Hubbard went to the cupboard
To fetch her poor daughter a dress.
When she got there, the cupboard was bare
And so was her daughter, I guess...


Q:	What do you get when you stuff a flaming stick down a rabbit-hole?
A:	Hot cross bunnies!


There is no security on this earth.  There is only opportunity.
		-- General Douglas MacArthur


Flattery is like cologne -- to be smelled, but not swallowed.
		-- Josh Billings


If you can't get your work done in the first 24 hours, work nights.


Fornication, n.:
	Term used by people who don't have anybody to screw with.


We are the unwilling... led by the unqualified...
to do the unnecessary... for the ungrateful...
		-- GI in Vietnam, 1970


Q:	What is printed on the bottom of beer bottles in Minnesota?
A:	Open other end.


Nice boy, but about as sharp as a sack of wet mice.
		-- Foghorn Leghorn


Eleanor Rigby
Sits at the keyboard and waits for a line on the screen
Lives in a dream
Waits for a signal, finding some code that will
	make the machine do some more.
What is it for?

All the lonely users, where do they all come from?
All the lonely users, why does it take so long?

Hacker MacKensie
Writing the code for a program that no one will run
It's nearly done
Look at him working, fixing the bugs in the night when there's
	nobody there.
What does he care?

All the lonely users, where do they all come from?
All the lonely users, why does it take so long?
Ah, look at all the lonely users.
Ah, look at all the lonely users.


What the world *really* needs is a good Automatic Bicycle Sharpener.


The cost of living has just gone up another dollar a quart.
		-- W. C. Fields


Behind every argument is someone's ignorance.


Beneath this stone a virgin lies,
For her life held no terrors.
A virgin born, a virgin died:
No hits, no runs, no errors.


Rubber bands have snappy endings!


[Maturity consists in the discovery that] there comes a critical moment
where everything is reversed, after which the point becomes to understand
more and more that there is something which cannot be understood.
		-- S. A. Kierkegaard (1813-1855)


I have often looked at women and committed adultery in my heart.
		-- Jimmy Carter


The Ken Thompson school of thought on expert systems:
there's table lookup, fraud, and grand fraud.
		-- Andrew Hume


It seems appropriate to me that Mapplethorpe's perverse images should
be situated so close to Congress, which perpetuates a number of
unnatural acts upon the body politic every day, without benefit of
artificial lubrication or foreplay.
		-- Pat Calafia's review of Camille Paglia's
		   "Sex, Art and American Culture"


I used to think that the brain was the most wonderful organ in
my body.  Then I realized who was telling me this.
		-- Emo Phillips


[Nuclear war] ... may not be desirable.
		-- Edwin Meese III


Beneath this stone lies Murphy,
They buried him today,
He lived the life of Riley,
While Riley was away.


Don't put too fine a point to your wit for fear it should get blunted.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


Pelorat sighed.
	"I will never understand people."
	"There's nothing to it.  All you have to do is take a close look
at yourself and you will understand everyone else.  How would Seldon have
worked out his Plan -- and I don't care how subtle his mathematics was --
if he didn't understand people; and how could he have done that if people
weren't easy to understand?  You show me someone who can't understand
people and I'll show you someone who has built up a false image of himself
-- no offense intended."
		-- Isaac Asimov, "Foundation's Edge"


7:30, Channel 5: The Bionic Dog (Action/Adventure)
	The Bionic Dog gets a hormonal short-circuit and violates the
	Mann Act with an interstate Greyhound bus.


Two men are in a hot-air balloon.  Soon, they find themselves lost in a
canyon somewhere.  One of the three men says, "I've got an idea.  We can
call for help in this canyon and the echo will carry our voices to the
end of the canyon.  Someone's bound to hear us by then!"
	So he leans over the basket and screams out, "Helllloooooo!  Where
are we?"  (They hear the echo several times).
	Fifteen minutes later, they hear this echoing voice: "Helllloooooo!
You're lost!"
	The shouter comments, "That must have been a mathematician."
	Puzzled, his friend asks, "Why do you say that?"
	"For three reasons.  First, he took a long time to answer, second,
he was absolutely correct, and, third, his answer was absolutely useless."


Somehow, the world always affects you more than you affect it.


If you go out of your mind, do it quietly,
so as not to disturb those around you.


Quantum Mechanics is God's version of "Trust me."


The pleasure is momentary,
The position ridiculous,
The expense damnable.
		-- Chesterfield, on sex


I have never been one to sacrifice
my appetite on the altar of appearance.
		-- A. M. Readyhough


QOTD:
	"The marines and I have something in common; we're both looking for
	a few good men!"


	Somewhat alarmed at the continued growth of the number of employees
on the Department of Agriculture payroll in 1962, Michigan Republican Robert
Griffin proposed an amendment to the farm bill so that "the total number of
employees in the Department of Agriculture at no time exceeds the number of
farmers in America."
		-- Bill Adler, "The Washington Wits"


To a Californian, a person must prove himself criminally insane before he
is allowed to drive a taxi in New York.  For New York cabbies, honesty and
stopping at red lights are both optional.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


A man gazing at the stars is proverbially at the mercy of the puddles
in the road.
		-- Alexander Smith


So, is the glass half empty, half full, or just twice as
large as it needs to be?


Don't hate yourself in the morning -- sleep till noon.


There is no distinction between any AI program and some existent game.


Ah spring, when a fancy young man lightly turns his lover over.


In Minnesota they ask why all football fields in Iowa have artificial turf.
It's so the cheerleaders won't graze during the game.


The ecumenical movement has reached a milestone with the agreement on the
text of the first Jewish-Catholic prayer -- one that begins "Oy vay, Maria".


The proof that IBM didn't invent the car is that it has a steering wheel
and an accelerator instead of spurs and ropes, to be compatible with a
horse.
		-- Jac Goudsmit


Rich bachelors should be heavily taxed.  It is not fair that some men
should be happier than others.
		-- Oscar Wilde


I turned my air conditioner the other way around, and it got cold out.
The weatherman said "I don't understand it.  I was supposed to be 80
degrees today," and I said "Oops."

In my house on the ceilings I have paintings of the rooms above... so
I never have to go upstairs.

I just bought a microwave fireplace... You can spend an evening in
front of it in only eight minutes.
		-- Steven Wright


Things are more like they are today than they ever were before.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


Ask not for whom the Bell tolls, and you
will pay only the station-to-station rate.
		-- Howard Kandel


He's the kind of man for the times that need the kind of man he is.


Your step will soil many countries.


TEAMWORK:
	Having someone to blame.


Some of us are becoming the men we wanted to marry.
		-- Gloria Steinem


A man's gotta know his limitations.
		-- Clint Eastwood, "Dirty Harry"


A good scapegoat is hard to find.


I've looked at the listing, and it's right!
		-- Joel Halpern


DeVries' Dilemma:
	If you hit two keys on the typewriter,
	the one you don't want hits the paper.


Performance:
	A statement of the speed at which a computer system works.  Or
	rather, might work under certain circumstances.  Or was rumored
	to be working over in Jersey about a month ago.


A little Mexican boy comes home from school one day and says to his grand-
father, "Granddaddy, today my teacher said that Pancho Villa, the bandit
used to raid towns around here!  Did you ever know him?"
	"Do *I* know Pancho Villa?" exclaims the man.  "Why, boy, before
your father was born, I was riding into town on my horse.  Suddenly, from
behind the bushes leaped Pancho with his six-guns drawn!  He told me to get
down off the horse and to give him all my money.  Then, he told me to scoop
some manure from the ground and eat it!"
	"I refused at first, but Pancho had the guns, so I ate the shit.
And he started laughing so hard that it scared his horse into rearing up --
I grabbed the guns from his hands!  I said to Pancho, `Okay, Pancho, now
it's your turn -- you eat the shit!'  I had the guns, so he ate the shit.
	"And you ask me, child, if I know Pancho Villa, the bandit!  Why,
we had *lunch* together!"


	Festivity Level 1: Your guests are chatting amiably with each
other, admiring your Christmas-tree ornaments, singing carols around
the upright piano, sipping at their drinks and nibbling hors
d'oeuvres.
	Festivity Level 2: Your guests are talking loudly -- sometimes
to each other, and sometimes to nobody at all, rearranging your
Christmas-tree ornaments, singing "I Gotta Be Me" around the upright
piano, gulping their drinks and wolfing down hors d'oeuvres.
	Festivity Level 3: Your guests are arguing violently with
inanimate objects, singing "I can't get no satisfaction," gulping down
other peoples' drinks, wolfing down Christmas tree ornaments and
placing hors d'oeuvres in the upright piano to see what happens when
the little hammers strike.
	Festivity Level 4: Your guests, hors d'oeuvres smeared all over
their naked bodies are performing a ritual dance around the burning
Christmas tree.  The piano is missing.

	You want to keep your party somewhere around level 3, unless
you rent your home and own Firearms, in which case you can go to level
4.  The best way to get to level 3 is egg-nog.


The human race has been fascinated by sharks for as long as I can remember.
Just like the bluebird feeding its young, or the spider struggling to weave
its perfect web, or the buttercup blooming in spring, the shark reveals to
us yet another of the infinite and wonderful facets of nature, namely the
facet that it can bite your head off.  This causes us humans to feel a
certain degree of awe.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wonders of Sharks on TV"


Genius does what it must, and Talent does what it can.
		-- Owen Meredith


As part of the conversion, computer specialists rewrote 1,500 programs;
a process that traditionally requires some debugging.
		-- USA Today, referring to the Internal Revenue Service
		   conversion to a new computer system.


Artificial intelligence has the same relation to intelligence as
artificial flowers have to flowers.
		-- David Parnas


Matrimony is the root of all evil.


Why doesn't everybody leave everybody else the hell alone?
		-- Jimmy Durante


Floppy now, hard later.


Many pages make a thick book.


Snow and adolescence are the only problems
that disappear if you ignore them long enough.


Most people need some of their problems
to help take their mind off some of the others.


Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear -- not absence of fear.
		-- Mark Twain


Telephone, n.:
	An invention of the devil which abrogates some of the advantages of
	making a disagreeable person keep his distance.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Hit them biscuits with another touch of gravy,
Burn that sausage just a match or two more done.
Pour my black old coffee longer,
While that smell is gettin' stronger
A semi-meal ain't nuthin' much to want.

Loan me ten, I got a feelin' it'll save me,
With an ornery soul who don't shoot pool for fun,
If that coat'll fit you're wearin',
The Lord'll bless your sharin'
A semi-friend ain't nuthin' much to want.

And let me halfway fall in love,
For part of a lonely night,
With a semi-pretty woman in my arms.
Yes, I could halfway fall in deep--
Into a snugglin', lovin' heap,
With a semi-pretty woman in my arms.
		-- Elroy Blunt


From 0 to "what seems to be the problem officer" in 8.3 seconds.
		-- Ad for the new VW Corrado


A woman occasionally is quite a serviceable substitute for masturbation.
It takes an abundance of imagination, to be sure.
		-- Karl Kraus, "Die Fackel"


People usually get what's coming to them -- unless it's been mailed.


A fractal is by definition a set for which the Hausdorff Besicovitch
dimension strictly exceeds the topological dimension.
		-- Mandelbrot, "The Fractal Geometry of Nature"


The worst part of having success is trying
to find someone who is happy for you.
		-- Bette Midler


Far back in the mists of ancient time, in the great and glorious days of the
former Galactic Empire, life was wild, rich and largely tax free.

Mighty starships plied their way between exotic suns, seeking adventure and
reward among the furthest reaches of Galactic space.  In those days, spirits
were brave, the stakes were high, men were real men, women were real women
and small furry creatures from Alpha Centauri were real small furry creatures
from Alpha Centauri.  And all dared to brave unknown terrors, to do mighty
deeds, to boldly split infinitives that no man had split before -- and thus
was the Empire forged.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


The Bible on letters of reference:

	Are we beginning all over again to produce our credentials?  Do
we, like some people, need letters of introduction to you, or from you?
No, you are all the letter we need, a letter written on your heart; any
man can see it for what it is and read it for himself.
		-- 2 Corinthians 3:1-2, New English translation


1) X=Y				; Given
2) X^2=XY			; Multiply both sides by X
3) X^2-Y^2=XY-Y^2		; Subtract Y^2 from both sides
4) (X+Y)(X-Y)=Y(X-Y)		; Factor
5) X+Y=Y			; Cancel out (X-Y) term
6) 2Y=Y				; Substitute X for Y, by equation 1
7) 2=1				; Divide both sides by Y
		-- "Omni", proof that 2 equals 1


WORK:
	The blessed respite from screaming kids and
	soap operas for which you actually get paid.


I've never been canoeing before, but I imagine there must
be just a few simple heuristics you have to remember...

Yes, don't fall out, and don't hit rocks.


The first time, it's a KLUDGE!
The second, a trick.
Later, it's a well-established technique!
		-- Mike Broido, Intermetrics


	"What are we going to do?"
	"Me, I'm examining the major Western religions.  I'm looking
for something that's soft on morality, generous with holidays, and has a
short initiation period."
		-- Maddie and David, "Moonlighting"


	...He who laughs does not believe in what he laughs at, but neither
does he hate it.  Therefore, laughing at evil means not preparing oneself to
combat it, and laughing at good means denying the power through which good is
self-propagating.
		-- Umberto Eco, "The Name of the Rose"


The public demands certainties;  it must be told definitely and a bit
raucously that this is true and that is false.  But there are no
certainties.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Prejudice"


The first marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence,
and the second the triumph of hope over experience.


Hlade's Law:
	If you have a difficult task, give it to a lazy person --
	they will find an easier way to do it.


Virgin, n.:
	An ugly third grader.


Everybody is somebody else's weirdo.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


A man can have two, maybe three love affairs while he's married.  After
that it's cheating.
		-- Yves Montand


While Europe's eye is fix'd on mighty things,
The fate of empires and the fall of kings;
While quacks of State must each produce his plan,
And even children lisp the Rights of Man;
Amid this mighty fuss just let me mention,
The Rights of Woman merit some attention.
		-- Robert Burns, Address on "The Rights of Woman",
		   November 26, 1792


I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with
sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use.
		-- Galileo Galilei


Nothing cures insomnia like the realization that it's time to get up.


Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine,
Lisp Machine is Fun.
Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine,
Fun for everyone.


A furore Normanorum libera nos, O Domine!


You see things; and you say "Why?"
But I dream things that never were; and I say "Why not?"
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "Back to Methuselah"
		   [No, it wasn't John F. Kennedy.  Ed.]


	"Cheshire-Puss," she began, "would you tell me, please, which
way I ought to go from here?"
	"That depends a good deal on where you want to get to," said
the Cat.
	"I don't care much where--" said Alice.
	"Then it doesn't matter which way you go," said the Cat.
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


Who made the world I cannot tell;
'Tis made, and here am I in hell.
My hand, though now my knuckles bleed,
I never soiled with such a deed.
		-- A. E. Housman


Wit, n.:
	The salt with which the American Humorist spoils his cookery...
	by leaving it out.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Computers can figure out all kinds of problems, except the things in
the world that just don't add up.


=======================================================================
||								     ||
|| The FORTUNE-COOKIE program is soon to be a Major Motion Picture!  ||
||	   Watch for it at a theater near you next summer!	     ||
||								     ||
=======================================================================
	Francis Ford Coppola presents a George Lucas Production:
			"Fortune Cookie"
	Directed by Steven Spielberg.
	Starring  Harrison Ford  Bette Midler  Marlon Brando
		  Christopher Reeves  Marilyn Chambers
		  and Bob Hope as "The Waiter".
	Costumes Designed by Pierre Cardin.
	Special Effects by Timothy Leary.
	Read the Warner paperback!
	Invoke the Unix program!
	Soundtrack on XTC Records.
	In 70mm and Dolby Stereo at selected theaters and terminal
		centers.


	There once was a master programmer who wrote unstructured programs.
A novice programmer, seeking to imitate him, also began to write unstructured
programs.  When the novice asked the master to evaluate his progress, the
master criticized him for writing unstructured programs, saying: "What is
appropriate for the master is not appropriate for the novice.  You must
understand the Tao before transcending structure."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Don't get stuck in a closet -- wear yourself out.


A man who turns green has eschewed protein.


Hoffer's Discovery:
	The grand act of a dying institution is to issue a newly
	revised, enlarged edition of the policies and procedures manual.


Virtue would go far if vanity did not keep it company.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


God helps them that helps themselves.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


This is NOT a repeat.


If you meet somebody who tells you that he loves you more than anybody
in the whole wide world, don't trust him.  It means he experiments.


		The Three Major Kind of Tools

* Tools for hitting things to make them loose or to tighten them up or
  jar their many complex, sophisticated electrical parts in such a
  manner that they function perfectly.  (These are your hammers, maces,
  bludgeons, and truncheons.)

* Tools that, if dropped properly, can penetrate your foot.  (Awls)

* Tools that nobody should ever use because the potential danger is far
  greater than the value of any project that could possibly result.
  (Power saws, power drills, power staplers, any kind of tool that uses
  any kind of power more advanced than flashlight batteries.)
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Your love life will be happy and harmonious.


They are relatively good but absolutely terrible.
		-- Alan Kay, commenting on Apollos


Absence in love is like water upon fire;
a little quickens, but much extinguishes it.
		-- Hannah More


You do not have mail.


Now of my threescore years and ten,
Twenty will not come again,
And take from seventy springs a score,
It leaves me only fifty more.

And since to look at things in bloom
Fifty springs are little room,
About the woodlands I will go
To see the cherry hung with snow.
		-- A. E. Housman


My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four.
Unless there are three other people.
		-- Orson Welles


	The man standing at the bar (in court, unfortunately) was well-
dressed, alert and obviously intelligent.  The judge asked him how he
pleaded to the charge of rape and, much to the magistrate's surprise, he
replied, "Not guilty by reason of insanity, your Honor."
	"Insanity?" exclaimed the judge.
	"Yes, sir," said the defendant.  "I'm just crazy about it."


A baby is an alimentary canal with a loud voice
at one end and no responsibility at the other.


From the Pro 350 Pocket Service Guide, p. 49, Step 5 of the
instructions on removing an I/O board from the card cage, comes a new
experience in sound:

	5.  Turn the handle to the right 90 degrees.  The pin-spreading
	    sound is normal for this type of connector.


Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow you may work.


Those who can make you believe absurdities, can make you commit atrocities.
		-- Voltaire


There's no room in the drug world for amateurs.
		-- Raoul Duke


The voluptuous blond was chatting with her handsome escort in a posh
restaurant when their waiter, stumbling as he brought their drinks,
dumped a martini on the rocks down the back of the blonde's dress.  She
sprang to her feet with a wild rebel yell, dashed wildly around the table,
then galloped wriggling from the room followed by her distraught boyfriend.
A man seated on the other side of the room with a date of his own beckoned
to the waiter and said, "We'll have two of whatever she was drinking."


To teach is to learn twice.
		-- Joseph Joubert


They also surf who only stand on waves.


When confronted by a difficult problem, you can often solve it quite
easily by reducing it to the question, "How would the Lone Ranger
handle this?"


1: No code table for op: ++post


The aim of a joke is not to degrade the human being but to remind him that
he is already degraded.
		-- George Orwell


Unix is a lot more complicated (than CP/M) of course -- the typical Unix
hacker can never remember what the PRINT command is called this week --
but when it gets right down to it, Unix is a glorified video game.
People don't do serious work on Unix systems; they send jokes around the
world on USENET or write adventure games and research papers.
		-- E. Post
		   "Real Programmers Don't Use Pascal", Datamation, 7/83


Post proelium, praemium.
[After the battle, the reward.]


This time it's for love; next time it's $100.00.


So do the noble fall.  For they are ever caught in a trap of their own making.
A trap -- walled by duty, and locked by reality.  Against the greater force
they must fall -- for, against that force they fight because of duty, because
of obligations.  And when the noble fall, the base remain.  The base -- whose
only purpose is the corruption of what the noble did protect.  Whose only
purpose is to destroy.  The noble: who, even when fallen, retain a vestige of
strength.  For theirs is a strength born of things other than mere force.
Theirs is a strength supreme... theirs is the strength -- to restore.
		-- Gerry Conway, "Thor", #193


Had this been an actual emergency, we would have
fled in terror, and you would not have been informed.


When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


According to the obituary notices, a mean and unimportant person never
dies.


If you have to think twice about it, you're wrong.


Real computer scientists admire ADA for its overwhelming aesthetic
value but they find it difficult to actually program in it, as it is
much too large to implement.  Most computer scientists don't notice
this because they are still arguing over what else to add to ADA.


18th Rule of Friendship:
	A friend will let you hold the ladder while he goes up on the roof
	to install your new aerial, which is the biggest son-of-a-bitch you
	ever saw.
		-- Esquire, May 1977


