QOTD:
	"The only easy way to tell a hamster from a gerbil is that the
	gerbil has more dark meat."


It now costs more to amuse a child than it once did to educate his father.


DATA:
	An accrual of straws on the backs of theories.


Say!  You've struck a heap of trouble--
Bust in business, lost your wife;
No one cares a cent about you,
You don't care a cent for life;
Hard luck has of hope bereft you,
Health is failing, wish you'd die--
Why, you've still the sunshine left you
And the big blue sky.
		-- R. W. Service


Prince Hamlet thought Uncle a traitor
For having it off with his Mater;
	Revenge Dad or not?
	That's the gist of the plot,
And he did -- nine soliloquies later.
		-- Stanley J. Sharpless


Meetings are an addictive, highly self indulgent activity that
corporations and other large organizations habitually engage
in only because they cannot actually masturbate.
		-- Dave Barry


To be excellent when engaged in administration is to be like the North
Star.  As it remains in its one position, all the other stars surround it.
		-- Confucius


Remember that as a teenager you are in the last stage of your life when
you will be happy to hear that the phone is for you.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


We're living in a golden age.  All you need is gold.
		-- D. W. Robertson


Save yourself!  Reboot in 5 seconds!


Pascal Users:
	To show respect for the 313th anniversary (tomorrow) of the
	death of Blaise Pascal, your programs will be run at half speed.


I hear the sound that the machines make,
and feel my heart break, just for a moment.


	"I believe you have the wrong number," said the old gentleman into
the phone.  "You'll have to call the weather bureau for that information."
	"Who was that?" his young wife asked.
	"Some guy wanting to know if the coast was clear."


QOTD:
	"My shampoo lasts longer than my relationships."


STRAPLESS EVENING GOWN:
	Bust truster.


Any stone in your boot always migrates against the pressure gradient to
exactly the point of most pressure.
		-- Milt Barber


What this country needs is a good five cent ANYTHING!


Optimist, n.:
	A bagpiper with a beeper.


Have you reconsidered a computer career?


If you look like your driver's license photo -- see a doctor.
If you look like your passport photo -- it's too late for a doctor.


SUNSET:
	Pronounced atmospheric scattering of shorter wavelengths,
	resulting in selective transmission below 650 nanometers with
	progressively reducing solar elevation.


Most people have a mind that's open by appointment only.


An American's a person who isn't afraid to criticize
the president but is always polite to traffic cops.


It's more than magnificent -- it's mediocre.
		-- Sam Goldwyn


"Creation science" has not entered the curriculum for a reason so simple
and so basic that we often forget to mention it: because it is false, and
because good teachers understand exactly why it is false.  What could be
more destructive of that most fragile yet most precious commodity in our
entire intellectual heritage -- good teaching -- than a bill forcing
honorable teachers to sully their sacred trust by granting equal treatment
to a doctrine not only known to be false, but calculated to undermine any
general understanding of science as an enterprise?
		-- Stephen Jay Gould, "The Skeptical Inquirer"


A man's best friend is his dogma.


Viking, n.:
	1. Daring Scandinavian seafarers, explorers, adventurers,
	entrepreneurs world-famous for their aggressive, nautical import
	business, highly leveraged takeovers and blue eyes.
	2. Bloodthirsty sea pirates who ravaged northern Europe beginning
	in the 9th century.

Hagar's note: The first definition is much preferred; the second is used
only by malcontents, the envious, and disgruntled owners of waterfront
property.


A woman employs sincerity only when every other form of deception has failed.
		-- Scott


Mollison's Bureaucracy Hypothesis:
	If an idea can survive a bureaucratic review
	and be implemented it wasn't worth doing.


The Celts invented two things, Whiskey and self-destruction.


Truth is the most valuable thing we have -- so let us economize it.
		-- Mark Twain


Workers of the world, arise!  You have nothing to lose but your
chairs.


It turned out that the worm exploited three or four different holes in the
system.  From this, and the fact that we were able to capture and examine
some of the source code, we realized that we were dealing with someone very
sharp, probably not someone here on campus.
		-- Dr. Richard LeBlanc, associate professor of ICS, in
		   Georgia Tech's campus newspaper after the Internet worm.


The first Great Steward, Parrafin the Climber, was employed in King
Chloroplast's kitchen as second scullery boy when the old King met a
tragic death.  He apparently fell backward by accident on a dozen salad
forks.  Simultaneously the true heir, his son Carotene, mysteriously
fled the city, complaining of some sort of plot and a lot of
threatening notes left on his breakfast tray.  At the time, this looked
suspicious what with his father's death, and Carotene was suspected of
foul play.  Then the rest of the King's relatives began to drop dead
one after the other in an odd fashion.  Some were found strangled with
dishrags and some succumbed to food poisoning.  A few were found
drowned in the soup vats, and one was attacked by assailants unknown
and beaten to death with a pot roast.  At least three appear to have
thrown themselves backward on salad forks, perhaps in a noble gesture
of grief over the King's untimely end.  Finally there was no one left
in Minas Troney who was either eligible or willing to wear the accursed
crown, and the rule of Twodor was up for grabs.  The scullery slave
Parrafin bravely accepted the Stewardship of Twodor until that day when
a lineal descendant of Carotene's returns to reclaim his rightful
throne, conquer Twodor's enemies, and revamp the postal system.
		-- Harvard Lampoon, "Bored of the Rings"


To have died once is enough.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)


Trouble always comes at the wrong time.


This is the first numerical problem I ever did.  It demonstrates the
power of computers:

Enter lots of data on calorie & nutritive content of foods.  Instruct the
thing to maximize a function describing nutritive content, with a minimum
level of each component, for fixed caloric content.  The results are that
one should eat each day:

	1/2 chicken
	1 egg
	1 glass of skim milk
	27 heads of lettuce.
		-- Rev. Adrian Melott


... one of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that,
lacking zero, they had no way to indicate successful termination of
their C programs.
		-- Robert Firth


Hacking's just another word for nothing left to kludge.


You don't move to Edina, you achieve Edina.
		-- Guindon


The worst part of valor is indiscretion.


We totally deny the allegations, and
we're trying to identify the allegators.


Carson's Observation on Footwear:
	If the shoe fits, buy the other one too.


A man is like a rusty wheel on a rusty cart,
He sings his song as he rattles along and then he falls apart.
		-- Richard Thompson


You can build a throne out of bayonets, but you can't sit on it for very long.
		-- Boris Yeltsin


Q:	Why did Menachem Begin invade Lebanon?
A:	To impress Jodie Foster.


In our system there's no intermediate step between a definitive Supreme
Court decision and violent revolution.
		-- Al Gore (New York Magazine, May 29 2006)


The answer is that libdialog, the library on which sysinstall depends
for these menus, is genuinely evil.  It is the unloved, satanic
bastard child of multiple parents and torturing users like yourself
constitutes the only joy in life it has left.  Its source files are
all chmod'd 0666 and dire README files warn against trespass by
neophyte programmers.  It is the 7th gate of Hell.  It makes the baby
Jesus cry.  Were libdialog given anthropomorphic representation, it
would be promptly burnt at the stake and its ashes scattered in the
desert, to be then doused with holy water from altitude by
fire-fighting aircraft.

		-- Jordan K. Hubbard on the evils of libdialog


By protracting life, we do not deduct one jot from the duration of death.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


Paranoid Club meeting this Friday.
Now ... just try to find out where!


Phasers locked on target, Captain.


Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke


Tell me, O Octopus, I begs,
Is those things arms, or is they legs?
I marvel at thee, Octopus;
If I were thou, I'd call me us.
		-- Ogden Nash


KNOWLEDGE:
	Things you believe.


We are stronger than our skin of flesh and metal, for we carry and
share a spectrum of suns and lands that lends us legends as we craft
our immortality and interweave our destinies of water and air,
leaving shadows that gather color of their own, until they outshine
the substance that cast them.


	A man came home from work and as he entered the house he yelled,
"Hi, honey, I'm home."
	There was no response.  He walked through the house and saw a note
on the refrigerator. It read "I'm out with the girls and I'll be home about
8.  Either fix yourself something to eat, or wait for me and we'll eat when
I get home."
	Well, he decided to wait until his wife returned.  However, his
stomach started to growl and he remembered that he had an apple left over
from his lunch.  He got the apple, polished it a little, and heard the
doorbell ring.  He went to the door and there stood a little blond haired
girl holding out a little paper bag.  "Trick or treat", she said.
	He looked at the girl, looked at the apple, thought how hungry he
was, looked at the girl again, and with a slight sigh dropped his apple in
the bag.  The little girl looked down in the bag, looked up again, and
complained, "You stupid son-of-a-bitch.  You broke my cookies!"


The most hopelessly stupid man is he who is not aware that he is wise.


Graduate students and most professors are
no smarter than undergrads.  They're just older.


The future is a myth created by insurance
salesmen and high school counselors.


Hear about...
	the couple on the stalled elevator who got off between floors?


It seems to make an auto driver mad if he misses you.


You'll feel much better once you've given up hope.


Patience is long forgotten by convenience in this life.
		-- Carmen Caicedo Giraudy


In high school in Brooklyn
I was the baseball manager,
proud as I could be
I chased baseballs,
gathered thrown bats
handed out the towels			Eventually, I bought my own
It was very important work		but it was dark blue while
for a small spastic kid,		the official ones were green
but I was a team member			Nobody ever said anything
When the team got			to me about my blue jacket;
their warm-up jackets			the guys were my friends
I didn't get one			Yet it hurt me all year
Only the regular team			to wear that blue jacket
got these jackets, and			among all those green ones
surely not a manager			Even now, forty years after,
					I still recall that jacket
					and the memory goes on hurting.
		-- Bart Lanier Safford III, "An Obscured Radiance"


You seek to shield those you love
and you like the role of the provider.


You will have many recoverable tape errors.


Q:	How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Only one, but it takes a long time, and the light bulb has
	to really want to change.


Look!  Before our very eyes, the future is becoming the past.


The makers may make,
And the users may use,
But the fixers must fix
With but minimal clues.


/Earth is 98% full ... please delete anyone you can.


One day President Reagan, Chairman Andropov, the Pope, and a boy scout
were flying together in an airplane.  Right out in the middle of
nowhere the plane developed engine trouble and started to go down.
Unfortunately, only three parachutes could be found for the four
passengers!  Andropov grabbed one of the parachutes and declared
"Comrades, as leader of the socialist workers revolution, my life must
be spared," and he jumped out of the plane.  Then Reagan exclaimed "As
leader of the greatest nation on earth, I must keep the world safe for
democracy," and with that he too jumped to safety.  Now if you are
following all this (or counting on your fingers) you must see that
there is only one parachute left for the two remaining passengers.  The
Pope looked kindly upon the boy scout and said "I have had a long and
productive life, my son.  You take the parachute and leave me in God's
hands."  "That's very kind of you," the observant scout replied, "but
there is no need.  Reagan just jumped out with my knapsack."


I'm hungry, time to eat lunch.


Jones' First Law:
	Anyone who makes a significant contribution to any field of
	endeavor, and stays in that field long enough, becomes an
	obstruction to its progress -- in direct proportion to the
	importance of their original contribution.


Klein bottle for sale -- inquire within.


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

The garbage collector now works.  In addition a new, experimental garbage
collection algorithm has been installed.  With SI:%DSK-GC-QLX-BITS set to 17,
(NOT the default) the old garbage collection algorithm remains in force; when
virtual storage is filled, the machine cold boots itself.  With SI:%DSK-GC-
QLX-BITS set to 23, the new garbage collector is enabled.  Unlike most garbage
collectors, the new gc starts its mark phase from the mind of the user, rather
than from the obarray.  This allows the garbage collection of significantly
more Qs.  As the garbage collector runs, it may ask you something like "Do you
remember what SI:RDTBL-TRANS does?", and if you can't give a reasonable answer
in thirty seconds, the symbol becomes a candidate for GCing.  The variable
SI:%GC-QLX-LUSER-TM governs how long the GC waits before timing out the user.


The pitcher wound up and he flang the ball at the batter.  The batter swang
and missed.  The pitcher flang the ball again and this time the batter
connected.  He hit a high fly right to the center fielder. The center
fielder was all set to catch the ball, but at the last minute his eyes were
blound by the sun and he dropped it.
		-- Dizzy Dean


Any great truth can -- and eventually will -- be expressed as a cliche --
a cliche is a sure and certain way to dilute an idea.  For instance, my
grandmother used to say, "The black cat is always the last one off the
fence."  I have no idea what she meant, but at one time, it was undoubtedly
true.
		-- Solomon Short


Some circumstantial evidence is very strong,
as when you find a trout in the milk.
		-- Thoreau


Show me a good loser in professional sports and I'll show you an idiot.
Show me a good sportsman and I'll show you a player I'm looking to trade.
		-- Leo Durocher


Immutability, Three Rules of:
	(1)  If a tarpaulin can flap, it will.
	(2)  If a small boy can get dirty, he will.
	(3)  If a teenager can go out, he will.


Teddy Kennedy:	A Blond in Every Pond!


The departing division general manager met a last time with his young
successor and gave him three envelopes.  "My predecessor did this for me,
and I'll pass the tradition along to you," he said.  "At the first sign
of trouble, open the first envelope.  Any further difficulties, open the
second envelope.  Then, if problems continue, open the third envelope.
Good luck."  The new manager returned to his office and tossed the envelopes
into a drawer.
	Six months later, costs soared and earnings plummeted. Shaken, the
young man opened the first envelope, which said, "Blame it all on me."
	The next day, he held a press conference and did just that.  The
crisis passed.
	Six months later, sales dropped precipitously.  The beleaguered
manager opened the second envelope.  It said, "Reorganize."
	He held another press conference, announcing that the division
would be restructured.  The crisis passed.
	A year later, everything went wrong at once and the manager was
blamed for all of it.  The harried executive closed his office door, sank
into his chair, and opened the third envelope.
	"Prepare three envelopes..." it said.


You can lead a whore to Vasser, but you can't make her think.
		-- Frederick B. Artz


There is no comfort without pain; thus
we define salvation through suffering.
		-- Cato


YOU TOO CAN MAKE BIG MONEY IN THE EXCITING FIELD OF PAPER SHUFFLING!

Mr. Smith of Muddle, Mass. says:  "Before I took this course I used to be
a lowly bit twiddler.  Now with what I learned at MIT Tech I feel really
important and can obfuscate and confuse with the best."

Mr. Watkins had this to say:  "Ten short days ago all I could look forward
to was a dead-end job as an engineer.  Now I have a promising future and
make really big Zorkmids."

MIT Tech can't promise these fantastic results to everyone, but when
you earn your MDL degree from MIT Tech your future will be brighter.

		SEND FOR OUR FREE BROCHURE TODAY!


Academicians care, that's who.


British education is probably the best in the world, if you can survive
it.  If you can't there is nothing left for you but the diplomatic corps.
		-- Peter Ustinov


When in panic, fear and doubt,
Drink in barrels, eat, and shout.


One day, in a bar, a young man walks in with a little dwarf about one foot
tall on his shoulder and orders a beer.  The bartender serves the man a beer;
to his astonishment, the little guy walks down the man's arm, takes a swallow
of the brew and spits it in his face.  After a few minutes the customer
orders another beer and the exact same thing happens.  Well, by this time,
the bartender is getting pretty upset; he figures that the man should take
care of the dwarf.  So he asks the guy, "Why are you letting that guy drink
all your beer and spit it in my face?"
	"Well, sir, when I was on a contract in Saudi Arabia I met this genie
and he granted me three wishes.  I asked for a million dollars, the most
beautiful woman in the world, and a twelve-inch prick.


Adding sound to movies would be like
putting lipstick on the Venus de Milo.
		-- Mary Pickford, actress, 1925


America is the country where you buy a lifetime
supply of aspirin for one dollar, and use it up in two weeks.


You know it's Monday when you wake up and it's Tuesday.
		-- Garfield


No one can put you down without your full cooperation.


