Try to divide your time evenly to keep others happy.


Virtue is not left to stand alone.
He who practices it will have neighbors.
		-- Confucius


A cloud does not know why it moves in just such a direction and at such
a speed, if feels an impulsion... this is the place to go now.  But the
sky knows the reasons and the patterns behind all clouds, and you will
know, too, when you lift yourself high enough to see beyond horizons.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


Still a few bugs in the system... Someday I have to tell you about Uncle
Nahum from Maine, who spent years trying to cross a jellyfish with a shad
so he could breed boneless shad.  His experiment backfired too, and he
wound up with bony jellyfish... which was hardly worth the trouble.  There's
very little call for those up there.
		-- Allucquere R. "Sandy" Stone


The King and his advisor are overlooking the battle field:

King:		"How goes the battle plan?"
Advisor:	"See those little black specks running to the right?"
K:	"Yes."
A:	"Those are their guys. And all those little red specks running
	to the left are our guys. Then when they collide we wait till
	the dust clears."
K:	"And?"
A:	"If there are more red specks left than black specks, we win."
K:	"But what about the ^#!!$% battle plan?"
A:	"So far, it seems to be going according to specks."


Wok, n.:
	Something to thwow at a wabbit.


As many of you know, I am taking a class here at UNC on Personality.
One of the tests to determine personality in our book was so incredibly
useful and interesting, I just had to share it.

Answer each of the following items "true" or "false"

 1. I salivate at the sight of mittens.
 2. If I go into the street, I'm apt to be bitten by a horse.
 3. Some people never look at me.
 4. Spinach makes me feel alone.
 5. My sex life is A-okay.
 6. When I look down from a high spot, I want to spit.
 7. I like to kill mosquitoes.
 8. Cousins are not to be trusted.
 9. It makes me embarrassed to fall down.
10. I get nauseous from too much roller skating.
11. I think most people would cry to gain a point.
12. I cannot read or write.
13. I am bored by thoughts of death.
14. I become homicidal when people try to reason with me.
15. I would enjoy the work of a chicken flicker.
16. I am never startled by a fish.
17. My mother's uncle was a good man.
18. I don't like it when somebody is rotten.
19. People who break the law are wise guys.
20. I have never gone to pieces over the weekend.


	"I quite agree with you," said the Duchess; "and the moral of
that is -- `Be what you would seem to be' -- or, if you'd like it put
more simply -- `Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it
might appear to others that what you were or might have been was not
otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be
otherwise.'"
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


The Worst American Poet
	Julia Moore, "the Sweet Singer of Michigan" (1847-1920) was so bad that
Mark Twain said her first book gave him joy for 20 years.
	Her verse was mainly concerned with violent death -- the great fire
of Chicago and the yellow fever epidemic proved natural subjects for her
pen.
	Whether death was by drowning, by fits or by runaway sleigh, the
formula was the same:
		Have you heard of the dreadful fate
		Of Mr. P. P. Bliss and wife?
		Of their death I will relate,
		And also others lost their life
		(in the) Ashbula Bridge disaster,
		Where so many people died.
	Even if you started out reasonably healthy in one of Julia's poems,
the chances are that after a few stanzas you would be at the bottom of a
river or struck by lightning.  A critic of the day said she was "worse than
a Gatling gun" and in one slim volume counted 21 killed and 9 wounded.
	Incredibly, some newspapers were critical of her work, even
suggesting that the sweet singer was "semi-literate".  Her reply was
forthright: "The Editors that has spoken in this scandalous manner have went
beyond reason."  She added that "literary work is very difficult to do".
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Whoever named it "necking" was a poor judge of anatomy.
		-- Groucho Marx


Give your child mental blocks for Christmas.


Bus error -- please leave by the rear door.


Virtue does not always demand a heavy sacrifice --
only the willingness to make it when necessary.
		-- Frederick Dunn


Famous last words:
	1: Don't unplug it, it will just take a moment to fix.
	2: Let's take the shortcut, he can't see us from there.
	3: What happens if you touch these two wires tog...
	4: We won't need reservations.
	5: It's always sunny there this time of the year.
	6: Don't worry, it's not loaded.
	7: They'd never (be stupid enough to) make him a manager.
	8: Don't worry!  Women love it!


IBM: It may be slow, but it's hard to use.


Anyone who imagines that all fruits ripen at the same time
as the strawberries, knows nothing about grapes.
		-- Philippus Paracelsus


Don't knock masturbation -- it's sex with someone I love.
		-- Woody Allen


He's the kind of guy, that, well, if you were ever in a jam he'd
be there... with two slices of bread and some chunky peanut butter.


Lots of girls can be had for a song.
Unfortunately, it often turns out to be the wedding march.


The answer is that libdialog, the library on which sysinstall depends
for these menus, is genuinely evil.  It is the unloved, satanic
bastard child of multiple parents and torturing users like yourself
constitutes the only joy in life it has left.  Its source files are
all chmod'd 0666 and dire README files warn against trespass by
neophyte programmers.  It is the 7th gate of Hell.  It makes the baby
Jesus cry.  Were libdialog given anthropomorphic representation, it
would be promptly burnt at the stake and its ashes scattered in the
desert, to be then doused with holy water from altitude by
fire-fighting aircraft.

		-- Jordan K. Hubbard on the evils of libdialog


She been married so many times
she got rice marks all over her face.
		-- Tom Waits


My own feelings are perhaps best described by saying that I am
perfectly aware that there is no Royal Road to Mathematics, in other
words, that I have only a very small head and must live with it.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


Post proelium, praemium.
[After the battle, the reward.]


No matter how much you do you never do enough.


Let sleeping dogs lie.
		-- Charles Dickens


A bird in the hand makes it awfully hard to blow your nose.


	A reverend wanted to telephone another reverend.  He told the operator,
"This is a parson to parson call."
	A farmer with extremely prolific hens posted the following sign.  "Free
Chickens.  Our Coop Runneth Over."
	Two brothers, Mort and Bill, like to sail.  While Bill has a great
deal of experience, he certainly isn't the rigger Mort is.
	Inheritance taxes are getting so out of line, that the deceased family
often doesn't have a legacy to stand on.
	The judge fined the jaywalker fifty dollars and told him if he was
caught again, he would be thrown in jail.  Fine today, cooler tomorrow.
	A rock store eventually closed down; they were taking too much for
granite.


Some of the greatest love affairs I've known have involved one actor,
unassisted.
		-- Wilson Mizner


Like you, I am frequently haunted by profound questions related to man's
place in the Scheme of Things.  Here are just a few:

	Q -- Is there life after death?
	A -- Definitely.  I speak from personal experience here.  On New
Year's Eve, 1970, I drank a full pitcher of a drink called "Black Russian",
then crawled out on the lawn and died within a matter of minutes, which was
fine with me because I had come to realize that if I had lived I would have
spent the rest of my life in the grip of the most excruciatingly painful
headache.  Thanks to the miracle of modern orange juice, I was brought back
to life several days later, but in the interim I was definitely dead.  I
guess my main impression of the afterlife is that it isn't so bad as long
as you keep the television turned down and don't try to eat any solid foods.
		-- Dave Barry


The more crap you put up with, the more crap you are going to get.


If clear thinking created sparks, we could safely store dynamite in James
Watt's office.
		-- Wayne Shannon


	The programmers of old were mysterious and profound.  We cannot fathom
their thoughts, so all we do is describe their appearance.
	Aware, like a fox crossing the water.  Alert, like a general on the
battlefield.  Kind, like a hostess greeting her guests. Simple, like uncarved
blocks of wood.  Opaque, like black pools in darkened caves.
	Who can tell the secrets of their hearts and minds?
	The answer exists only in the Tao.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


A rope lying over the top of a fence is the same length on each side.  It
weighs one third of a pound per foot.  On one end hangs a monkey holding a
banana, and on the other end a weight equal to the weight of the monkey.
The banana weighs two ounces per inch.  The rope is as long (in feet) as
the age of the monkey (in years), and the weight of the monkey (in ounces)
is the same as the age of the monkey's mother.  The combined age of the
monkey and its mother is thirty years.  One half of the weight of the monkey,
plus the weight of the banana, is one forth as much as the weight of the
weight and the weight of the rope.  The monkey's mother is half as old as
the monkey will be when it is three times as old as its mother was when she
was half as old as the monkey will be when it is as old as its mother
will be when she is four times as old as the monkey was when it was twice
as its mother was when she was one third as old as the monkey was when it
was old as is mother was when she was three times as old as the monkey was
when it was one fourth as old as it is now.  How long is the banana?


Do not underestimate the power of the Farce.


If life's a piece of shit, Calculus III is the spoon.


The IQ of the group is the lowest IQ of a member of
the group divided by the number of people in the group.


A Law of Computer Programming:
	Make it possible for programmers to write in English
	and you will find that programmers cannot write in English.


... the Mayo Clinic, named after its founder, Dr. Ted Clinic ...
		-- Dave Barry


If you think sex is a pain in the ass, try a different position.


Whenever anyone says, "theoretically," they really mean "not really".
		-- Dave Parnas


Well, it's hard for a mere man to believe that woman doesn't have equal
rights.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


	A man sank into the psychiatrist's couch and said, "I have a
terrible problem, Doctor.  I have a son at Harvard and another son at
Princeton; I've just gifted each of them with a new Ferrari; I've got
homes in Beverly Hills, Palm Beach, and a co-op in New York; and I've
got a thriving ranch in Venezuela.  My wife is a gorgeous young actress
who considers my two mistresses to be her best friends."
	The psychiatrist looked at the patient, confused.  "Did I miss
something?  It sounds to me like you have no problems at all."
	"But, Doctor, I only make $175 a week."


He hath eaten me out of house and home.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


They told me I was gullible ... and I believed them!


A day for firm decisions!!!!!  Or is it?


So I'm ugly.  So what?  I never saw anyone hit with his face.
		-- Yogi Berra


I've never been drunk, but often I've been overserved.
		-- George Gobel


Close the door, let me give you what you've been waiting for!!


Life would be much simpler and things would get done much faster if it
weren't for other people.
		-- Blore


Too much is not enough.


All bad precedents began as justifiable measures.
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar, quoted in "The Conspiracy of
		   Catiline", by Sallust


Ah, but a man's grasp should exceed his reach,
Or what's a heaven for ?
		-- Robert Browning, "Andrea del Sarto"


Q:	Have you heard about the man who didn't pay for his exorcism?
A:	He got re-possessed!


Note: The system panics with a "NULL pointer dereference" message

Failed due to: SunOS 5.8 is installed.
		-- Output of a SunCheckup run on a Solaris 8 machine


I'm sorry I missed.
		-- Squeaky Fromme


-- All articles that coruscate with resplendence are not truly auriferous.
-- When there are visible vapors having the prevenience in ignited
	carbonaceous materials, there is conflagration.
-- Sorting on the part of mendicants must be interdicted.
-- A plethora of individuals wither expertise in culinary techniques vitiated
	the potable concoction produced by steeping certain coupestibles.
-- Eleemosynary deeds have their initial incidence intramurally.


To stand and be still,
At the Birkenhead drill,
Is a damned tough bullet to chew.
		-- Rudyard Kipling


	A German, a Pole and a Czech left camp for a hike through the woods.
After being reported missing a day or two later, rangers found two bears,
one a male, one a female, looking suspiciously overstuffed.  They killed
the female, autopsied her, and sure enough, found the German and the Pole.
	"What do you think?" said the first ranger.
	"The Czech is in the male," replied the second.


Q:	Why do ducks have webbed feet?
A:	To stamp out forest fires.

Q:	Why do elephants have big flat feet?
A:	To stamp out flaming ducks.


A Polish worker walks into a bank to deposit his paycheck.  He has heard
about Poland's economic problems, and he asks what would happen to his
money if the bank collapsed.  "All of our deposits are guaranteed by the
finance ministry, sir," the teller replies.
	"But what if the finance ministry goes broke?" the worker asks.
	"Then the government will intercede to protect the working class,"
the teller says.
	"But what if the government goes broke?" the worker asks.
	"Our socialist comrades in the Soviet Union naturally will come
to our assistance," the teller responds with growing irritation.
	"And if the Soviet Union goes broke?" the worker asks.
	"Idiot!" the teller snorts. "Isn't that worth losing one lousy
paycheck?"
		-- Making the rounds in Warsaw, 1984


One, with God, is always a majority, but many a martyr has been burned at
the stake while the votes were being counted.
		-- Thomas B. Reed


Now there's a violent movie titled, "The Croquet Homicide,"
or "Murder With Mallets Aforethought."
		-- Shelby Friedman, WSJ


It is the nature of extreme self-lovers, as they will
set a house on fire, and it were but to roast their eggs.
		-- Francis Bacon


This Fortue Examined By INSPECTOR NO. 2-14


Iles's Law:
	There is always an easier way to do it.  When looking directly
	at the easy way, especially for long periods, you will not see
	it.  Neither will Iles.


And now, the Bing Crosby show, brought to you by the makers of Ex-Lax.
... a brief pause, and then Bing!


Hear about...
	the swinger who labeled his little black book "Future Shack"?


An artist should be fit for the best society and keep out of it.


I have not yet begun to byte!


I want to marry a girl just like the girl that married dear old dad.
		-- Freud


Only through hard work and perseverance can one truly suffer.


Religion is a crutch, but that's okay... humanity is a cripple.


Now of my threescore years and ten,
Twenty will not come again,
And take from seventy springs a score,
It leaves me only fifty more.

And since to look at things in bloom
Fifty springs are little room,
About the woodlands I will go
To see the cherry hung with snow.
		-- A. E. Housman


Your mind is the part of you that says,
	"Why'n'tcha eat that piece of cake?"
... and then, twenty minutes later, says,
	"Y'know, if I were you, I wouldn't have done that!"
		-- Steven and Ondrea Levine


Charlie Brown:	Why was I put on this earth?
Linus:		To make others happy.
Charlie Brown:	Why were others put on this earth?


The beer-cooled computer does not harm the ozone layer.
		-- John M. Ford, a.k.a. Dr. Mike

	[If I can read my notes from the Ask Dr. Mike session at Baycon, I
	 believe he added that the beer-cooled computer uses "Forget Only
	 Memory".  Ed.]


The genital area of Ann
Will accommodate any size man,
	From the wee that cause titters
	To the mighty twat-splitters
That cause screams peasants hear in Japan.


Birds are entangled by their feet and men by their tongues.


Better living a beggar than buried an emperor.


You know you're a little fat if you have stretch marks on your car.
		-- Cyrus, Chicago Reader 1/22/82


There is nothing wrong with Southern California that a rise in the
ocean level wouldn't cure.
		-- Ross MacDonald


Watership Down:
You've read the book.  You've seen the movie.  Now eat the stew!


Q:	How many Californians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	Five.  One to screw in the lightbulb and four to share the
		experience.  (Actually, Californians don't screw in
		lightbulbs, they screw in hot tubs.)

Q:	How many Oregonians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Three.  One to screw in the lightbulb and two to fend off all
	those Californians trying to share the experience.


The future isn't what it used to be.  (It never was.)


Mathematicians take it to the limit.


Cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson"


Teaching undergraduates is like herding sheep.  And, like the old Basque
sheepherder explained, whenever the livestock starts looking good to you,
it's time to spend a night in town.


Fortune suggests uses for YOUR favorite UNIX commands!

Try:
	ar t "God"
	drink < bottle; opener			(Bourne Shell)
	cat "food in tin cans"			(all but 4.[23]BSD)
	Hey UNIX!  Got a match?			(V6 or C shell)
	mkdir matter; cat > matter		(Bourne Shell)
	rm God
	man: Why did you get a divorce?		(C shell)
	date me					(anything up to 4.3BSD)
	make "heads or tails of all this"
	who is smart
						(C shell)
	If I had a ) for every dollar of the national debt, what would I have?
	sleep with me				(anything up to 4.3BSD)


Turn on, tune in, and take over.
		-- Tim Leary


Always store beer in a dark place.


At the heart of science is an essential tension between two seemingly
contradictory attitudes -- an openness to new ideas, no matter how bizarre
or counterintuitive they may be, and the most ruthless skeptical scrutiny
of all ideas, old and new.  This is how deep truths are winnowed from deep
nonsense.  Of course, scientists make mistakes in trying to understand the
world, but there is a built-in error-correcting mechanism:  The collective
enterprise of creative thinking and skeptical thinking together keeps the
field on track.
		-- Carl Sagan, "The Fine Art of Baloney Detection"


They're only trying to make me LOOK paranoid!


Pardon me, sir, but you've obviously
mistaken me for someone who gives a shit.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(7) There is only one way to eliminate nuclear weapons. Use them.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


A pig is a jolly companion,
Boar, sow, barrow, or gilt --
A pig is a pal, who'll boost your morale,
Though mountains may topple and tilt.
When they've blackballed, bamboozled, and burned you,
When they've turned on you, Tory and Whig,
Though you may be thrown over by Tabby and Rover,
You'll never go wrong with a pig, a pig,
You'll never go wrong with a pig!
		-- Thomas Pynchon, "Gravity's Rainbow"


The Dowager Duchess of Spout
Collapsed at the height of a rout;
	She found strength to say
	As they bore her away:
"I should never have taken the trout."
		-- Edward Gorey


Vote for ME -- I'm well-tapered, half-cocked, ill-conceived and
TAX-DEFERRED!


Beneath this stone lies Murphy,
They buried him today,
He lived the life of Riley,
While Riley was away.


The first guy that rats gets a bellyful of slugs in the head.  Understand?
		-- Joey Glimco, trade unionist


"God is as real as I am," the old man said.  My faith was restored, for
I knew that Santa would never lie.


The savior becomes the victim.


Do you have lysdexia?


Preserve wildlife -- pickle a squirrel today!


The history of warfare is similarly subdivided, although here the phases
are Retribution, Anticipation, and Diplomacy.  Thus:

Retribution:
	I'm going to kill you because you killed my brother.
Anticipation:
	I'm going to kill you because I killed your brother.
Diplomacy:
	I'm going to kill my brother and then kill you on the
	pretext that your brother did it.


Xerox does it again and again and again and ...


Since I hurt my pendulum
My life is all erratic.
My parrot who was cordial
Is now transmitting static.
The carpet died, a palm collapsed,
The cat keeps doing poo.
The only thing that keeps me sane
Is talking to my shoe.
		-- My Shoe


There is a young faggot named Mose
Who insists that you fuck his long nose.
	And you'll double the joy
	Of this lecherous boy
If you'll tickle his balls with your toes.


You should avoid hedging, at least that's what I think.


Don't tell me that worry doesn't do any good.
I know better. The things I worry about don't happen.
		-- Watchman Examiner


QOTD:
	"I treat her like a thoroughbred, and she's STILL a nag!"


If you took all the students that felt asleep in class and laid them
end to end, they'd be a lot more comfortable.
		-- "Graffiti in the Big Ten"


I'd rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy.


Nondeterminism means never having to say you are wrong.


A bird in the bush usually has a friend in there with him.


You will step on the night soil of many countries.


Let us go, through certain half-deserted streets,
The muttering retreats
Of restless nights in one-night cheap hotels
And sawdust restaurants with oyster-shells:
Streets that follow like a tedious argument
Of insidious intent
To lead you to an overwhelming question...
Oh, do not ask, "What is it?"
		-- T. S. Eliot, "Love song of J. Alfred Prufrock"


Of all possible committee reactions to any given agenda item, the
reaction that will occur is the one which will liberate the greatest
amount of hot air.
		-- Thomas L. Martin


	The programmers of old were mysterious and profound.  We cannot fathom
their thoughts, so all we do is describe their appearance.
	Aware, like a fox crossing the water.  Alert, like a general on the
battlefield.  Kind, like a hostess greeting her guests. Simple, like uncarved
blocks of wood.  Opaque, like black pools in darkened caves.
	Who can tell the secrets of their hearts and minds?
	The answer exists only in the Tao.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Yeah, that's me, Tracer Bullet.  I've got eight slugs in me.  One's lead,
the rest bourbon.  The drink packs a wallop, and I pack a revolver.  I'm
a private eye.
		-- Calvin


I've enjoyed just about as much of this as I can stand.


If God hadn't intended man to eat pussy,
would He have made it look like a taco?


Disco is to music what Etch-A-Sketch is to art.


O Lord, grant that we may always be right,
for Thou knowest we will never change our minds.


In reply to a message by Scott Long:

> Note: this amounts to life support for floppies.  The end IS coming.

Say it ain't so!  If you establish a dangerous trend like this in
your support for floppy booting, the next thing you know, some
computer manufacturer will start shipping machines without ANY FLOPPY
DRIVE AT ALL, leading to the infocalypse, the four horsemen pouring
their vials upon the earth, the birth of the anti-christ (or PERL 6,
whichever comes first), dogs and cats living together, etc.

It's the end of days, I tell you!  The end!  Can the FreeBSD/NetBSD
merger be that far off?
		-- Jordan Hubbard (31 January 2006)


Never volunteer for anything.
		-- Lackland


When I woke up this morning, my girlfriend asked if I had
slept well.  I said, "No, I made a few mistakes."
		-- Steven Wright


Audacity, and again, audacity, and always audacity.
		-- G. J. Danton


FORTUNE EXPLAINS WHAT JOB REVIEW CATCH PHRASES MEAN:	#9

Has management potential:
	Because of his intimate relationship with inanimate objects, the
	reviewee has been appointed to the critical position of department
	pencil monitor.

Inspirational:
	A true inspiration to others.  ("There, but for the grace of God,
	go I.")

Adapts to stress:
	Passes wind, water, or out depending upon the severity of the
	situation.

Goal oriented:
	Continually sets low goals for himself, and usually fails
	to meet them.


The bogosity meter just pegged.


Of course you have a purpose -- to find a purpose.


Coming together is a beginning;
	keeping together is progress;
		working together is success.


Arguments with furniture are rarely productive.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"


QOTD:
	"You might as well say "yes", the sheets are messy already."


Things will be bright in P.M.
A cop will shine a light in your face.


'Tis the dream of each programmer,
Before his life is done,
To write three lines of APL,
And make the damn things run.


The early worm gets the late bird.


The Sixth Commandment of Frisbee:
	The greatest single aid to distance is for the disc to be going
in a direction you did not want.  (Goes the wrong way = Goes a long
way.)
		-- Dan Roddick


The three faithful things in life are money, a dog and an old woman.


Did you hear about...
	the butcher who dropped his cleaver and went home half-cocked?


Often statistics are used as a drunken man uses
lampposts -- for support rather than illumination.


History has much to say on following the proper procedures.  From a history
of the Mexican revolution:

	"Hildago was later defeated at Guadalajara.  The rebel army was
captured on its way through the mountains.  All were courtmartialed and
shot, except Hildago, because he was a priest.  He was handed over to
the bishop of Durango who excommunicated him and returned him to the
army where he was then executed."


Now's the time to have some big ideas
Now's the time to make some firm decisions
We saw the Buddha in a bar down south
Talking politics and nuclear fission
We see him and he's all washed up --
Moving on into the body of a beetle
Getting ready for a long long crawl
He ain't nothing -- he ain't nothing at all...

Death and Money make their point once more
In the shape of Philosophical assassins
Mark and Danny take the bus uptown
Deadly angels for reality and passion
Have the courage of the here and now
Don't taking nothing from the half-baked buddhas
When you think you got it paid in full
You got nothing -- you got nothing at all...
	We're on the road and we're gunning for the Buddha.
	We know his name and he mustn't get away.
	We're on the road and we're gunning for the Buddha.
	It would take one shot -- to blow him away...
		-- Shriekback, "Gunning for the Buddha"


The four building blocks of the universe are fire, water, gravel and
vinyl.
		-- Dave Barry


Most of your faults are not your fault.


