The King plugged the Queen's ass with mustard
To make her fuck hot, but got flustered,
	And cried, "Oh, my dear,
	I am coming, I fear,
But the mustard will make you come `plus tard'."


I was a cock-teaser at Rooster Rama.
I used to enrage the bantams before the big bouts.
		-- The Firesign Theatre


Show respect for age.  Drink good Scotch for a change.


Research, n.:
	Consider Columbus:
	He didn't know where he was going.
	When he got there he didn't know where he was.
	When he got back he didn't know where he had been.
	And he did it all on someone else's money.


Legalize free-enterprise murder: why should governments have all the
fun?


Every dog has its day, but the nights belong to the pussycats.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #5

THE ATOMIC GRANDMOTHER:
	This humorous but heart-warming story tells of an elderly woman
	forced to work at a nuclear power plant in order to help the family
	make ends meet.  At night, granny sits on the porch, tells tales
	of her colorful past, and the family uses her to cook barbecues
	and to power small electrical appliances.  Maureen Stapleton gives
	a glowing performance.


The future is a race between education and catastrophe.
		-- H. G. Wells


If the King's English was good enough for Jesus, it's good enough for
me!
		-- "Ma" Ferguson, Governor of Texas (circa 1920)


Marriage is based on the theory that when a man discovers a brand of beer
exactly to his taste he should at once throw up his job and go to work
in the brewery.
		-- George Jean Nathan


It is better to have loved and lost -- much better.


I am of the belief that catnip arrived on the planet in the same spaceship
that delivered cats. It is the only thing they have from their home
planet. Tuna, chicken, sparrow-brains, etc., these are all things of our
world that they like, but catnip is crack from home.
		-- Bill Cole


QOTD:
	"Let go of my ears, I know what I'm doing!"


Kath: Can he be present at the birth of his child?
Ed: It's all any reasonable child can expect if the dad is present
	at the conception.
		-- Joe Orton, "Entertaining Mr. Sloane"


Unquestionably, there is progress.  The average American now
pays out twice as much in taxes as he formerly got in wages.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so.
		-- John Stuart Mill


Everything new stalls because there is precedence for the old.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


VMS is like a nightmare about RSX-11M.


Down to the Banana Republics,
Down to the tropical sun.
Go the expatriated Americans,
Hoping to find some fun.
Some of them go for the sailing,
Caught by the lure of the sea.
Trying to find what is ailing,
Living in the land of the free.
Some of them are running from lovers,
Leaving no forward address.
Some of them are running tons of ganja,
Some are running from the IRS.
Late at night you will find them,
In the cheap hotels and bars.
Hustling the senoritas,
While they dance beneath the stars.
		-- Jimmy Buffet, "Banana Republics"


We don't need no education, we don't need no thought control.
		-- Pink Floyd


A witty saying proves nothing.
		-- Voltaire


Evil is that which one believes of others.  It is a sin to believe evil
of others, but it is seldom a mistake.
		-- H. L. Mencken


A bird in the bush usually has a friend in there with him.


He had heard that a certain whorehouse had a reputation for the bizarre.
So he drove to the place and, once inside, asked the Madam if she had anything
unusual for him to try.  "Things are pretty slow today," she said, "but I
do have one number you might enjoy."  She went on to describe a New Jersey
hen that had been trained to do blow jobs.
	"We've got her here, but only for the day."
	The visitor could hardly believe it, but he paid the fee and went
into a room with a hen.  After a frustrating hour of trying to force his
cock into the hen's mouth, he figured out that he was dealing with nothing
but a plain old chicken.  He left.  Thinking about it later, he decided
that he had had so much fun trying that he returned the few days later and
asked the Madam, "Do you have anything new today?"
	"Come this way," she said, and led him to a dark room where a group
of men were looking through a one-way mirror.  He saw that they were watching
a girl making it with a large doberman pinscher.
	"Wow!" he said to the man standing next to him.  "This is really
great!"
	The man replied, "Man, it ain't nothin'!  You shoulda been here
a week ago and seen the guy with the chicken!"


I'm glad I was not born before tea.
		-- Sidney Smith (1771-1845)


If you are afraid of loneliness, don't marry.
		-- Anton Chekov


You are taking yourself far too seriously.


In America, any boy may become president and I suppose that's just one
of the risks he takes.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


The instruments of science do not in themselves discover truth.  And
there are searchings that are not concluded by the coincidence of a
pointer and a mark.
		-- Fred Saberhagen, "The Berserker Wars"


If you are good, you will be assigned all the work.  If you are real
good, you will get out of it.


I met a young man in Chungking
Who had a very long thing --
	But you'll guess my surprise
	When I found that its size
Just measured a third-finger ring!


If this is timesharing, give me my share right now.
It's not time yet.


Cropp's Law:
	The amount of work done varies inversely
	with the time spent in the office.


In this world, nothing is certain but death and taxes.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


The cost of living hasn't affected its popularity.


You or I must yield up his life to Ahrimanes.  I would rather it were
you.  I should have no hesitation in sacrificing my own life to spare
yours, but we take stock next week, and it would not be fair on the
company.
		-- J. Wellington Wells


Spelling is a lossed art.


It's always darkest just before it gets pitch black.


No group of professionals meets except to
conspire against the public at large.
		-- Mark Twain


	Friends were surprised, indeed, when Frank and Jennifer broke their
engagement, but Frank had a ready explanation: "Would you marry someone who
was habitually unfaithful, who lied at every turn, who was selfish and lazy
and sarcastic?"
	"Of course not," said a sympathetic friend.
	"Well," retorted Frank, "neither would Jennifer."


The three rules of international air travel:

(1)	Never fly on Aeroflot if you can possibly avoid it (this used
	to be Braniff or Aeroflot).
(2)	Never bet a whole lot of money on two little pairs unless you
	know *exactly* what you're doing.
(3)	Never sleep with anyone whose troubles are worse than your own.


The angry man always thinks he can do more than he can.
		-- Albertano of Brescia


There's nothing wrong with America that a good erection wouldn't cure.
		-- David Mairowitz


Character is what you are in the dark!
		-- Lord John Whorfin


If you are over 80 years old and accompanied
by your parents, we will cash your check.


CAPRICORN (Dec 22 - Jan 19)
	Play your hunches.  This is a day when luck will play an important
	part in your life.  If you were smarter, you wouldn't need so much
	luck and you wouldn't be reading your horoscope, either.  You are
	a suspicious person, and it will occur to you that astrologers
	don't know what they're talking about any more than your Aunt Martha.


The reasons that each of these countries has had to renege on its
financial commitments were all somewhat different: Argentina because of
a war, Poland because of its vast misguided overinvestment in heavy
industry, Honduras because the coffee price went sour, Zaire because
nobody in the government there has a clue as to how to run a country.
		-- Paul Erdman's Money Book


Seleznick's Theory of Holistic Medicine:
	Ice Cream cures all ills.  Temporarily.


When a woman marries again it is because she detested her first husband.
When a man marries again, it is because he adored his first wife.
		-- Wilde


Be not anxious about what you have, but about what you are.
		-- Pope St. Gregory I


The denunciation of the young is a necessary part of the hygiene of older
people, and greatly assists in the circulation of the blood.
		-- Logan Pearsall Smith


Since before the Earth was formed and before the sun burned hot in space,
cosmic forces of inexorable power have been working relentlessly toward
this moment in space-time -- your receiving this fortune.


[Prime Minister Joseph] Chamberlain loves
the working man, he loves to see him work.
		-- Winston Churchill


Democracy is a form of government in which it is permitted to wonder
aloud what the country could do under first-class management.
		-- Senator Soaper


The end of labor is to gain leisure.


He who foresees calamities suffers them twice over.


A horse!  A horse!  My kingdom for a horse!
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


Pocket pool, n.:
	Well, for guys, it's two-ball in the side pocket.
	For women, it's playing the slots.


Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms
with the victims he intends to eat until he eats them.
		-- Samuel Butler (1835-1902)


The early worm gets the late bird.


Q:	What is "SMOORPLAY"?
A:	It's what SMURFS do before they SMUCK, of course!


How do I love thee?  My accumulator overflows.


Most people will listen to your unreasonable demands,
if you'll consider their unacceptable offer.


I am America's child, a spastic slogging on demented
limbs drooling I'll trade my PhD for a telephone voice.
		-- Burt Lanier Safford III, "An Obscured Radiance"


A woman must be a cute, cuddly, naive
little thing -- tender, sweet, and stupid.
		-- Adolf Hitler


Although golf was originally restricted to wealthy, overweight
Protestants, today it's open to anybody who owns hideous clothing.
		-- Dave Barry


If one inquires why the American tradition is so strong against any connection
of State and Church, why it dreads even the rudiments of religious teaching
in state-maintained schools, the immediate and superficial answer is not
far to seek. ...  The cause lay largely in the diversity and vitality of the
various denominations, each fairly sure that, with a fair field and no favor,
it could make its own way; and each animated by a jealous fear that, if any
connection of State and Church were permitted, some rival denomination would
get an unfair advantage.
		-- John Dewey, "Democracy in the Schools", 1908


QOTD:
	"It's hard to tell whether he has an ace up his sleeve or if
	the ace is missing from his deck altogether."


Having wandered helplessly into a blinding snowstorm Sam was greatly
relieved to see a sturdy Saint Bernard dog bounding toward him with
the traditional keg of brandy strapped to his collar.
	"At last," cried Sam, "man's best friend -- and a great big
dog, too!"


The deceased was killed by 1207.3557298 Volts AC RMS applied by
accident when he brushed against the output terminal of a John B.
Fluke Company High Voltage Calibrator.
		-- fictitious coroner's report by Mike Andrews


A fisherman from Maine went to Alabama on his vacation.  He rented a boat,
rowed out to the middle of the lake, and cast his line, but when he looked
down into the water he was horrified to see a man wrapped in chains lying
on the bottom of the lake.  He quickly rowed to shore and ran to the police
station.  "Sheriff, sheriff," he gasped, there's a guy wrapped in chains,
drowned in the lake!"
	"Now ain't that jest like a Yankee," drawled the sheriff, "to steal
more chain than he can swim with?"


The older a man gets, the farther he had to walk to school as a boy.


A witty writer, K. Kraus in the Vienna "Fackel", has as it were, expressed
this truth paradoxically in the cynical saying: "Coitus is merely an
unsatisfactory substitute for onanism!"
		-- Sigmund Freud, attempting to explain why
		   masturbation is "by no means harmless"


I have a very strange feeling about this...
		-- Luke Skywalker


Delay is preferable to error.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Some women should be beaten regularly, like gongs.
		-- Noel Coward


Q:	How many Democrats does it take to enjoy a good joke?
A:	One more than you can find.


Don't talk to me about naval tradition.  It's nothing but rum,
sodomy and the lash.
		-- Winston Churchill


Although a fifth-generation American, Father Sweeny was more Irish than most
of Erin's natives.  He spoke with an Irish brogue which had mysteriously
appeared during his nineteenth year and he *hated* the English.  Due to his
proclivity to belabor the British from his pulpit, complaints to his
superiors were not infrequent.  He would blame anything evil or merely
inconvenient on the English people.  If there was an act of terrorism, the
responsibility was promptly laid at the feet of the Brits.  If there was a
natural disaster, undoubtedly the English government was an accessory to
the fact, if not outrightly culpable.  Repeatedly, his superiors called him
on the carpet for his behavior.  After a particularly vituperative
anti-British broadside, the Bishop instructed Father Sweeny to come straight
to his office; do not pass GO; do not collect two hundred dollars.  Summing
up a humiliating and soul-marking reprimand, the Bishop ended with: "Next
week is Saint Patrick's Day.  If you so much as *mention* the British, it's
your last sermon!"

The following Sunday, as Father Sweeny spoke lovingly and eloquently of
Saint Patrick, and he made a reference to the last Passover celebrated by
Christ and His disciples.  "Sure, an' you're all familiar with the tale.
You know that Our Lord sat at the table and told his disciples that one
among them would betray Him.  As He looked around the table, He stopped at
Peter, the Rock, who said, `Not I, Lord!'  He looked at Thomas, who doubted,
and Thomas said, `I could never do such a thing!'  Then the Lord looked long
and hard at Judas Iscariot, who said, `Cor, bloimy, Guv'na, you couldn't
main may!'"


All parts should go together without forcing.  You must remember that the
parts you are reassembling were disassembled by you.  Therefore, if you
can't get them together again, there must be a reason.  By all means, do
not use a hammer.
		-- IBM maintenance manual, 1925


If men couldn't fuck there'd be a bounty on their heads.


You will be surrounded by luxury.


Q:	What's the difference between a man and a toilet?
A:	A toilet doesn't follow you around for a week after you flush it.


A song in time is worth a dime.


Pecor's Health-Food Principle:
	Never eat rutabaga on any day of
	the week that has a "y" in it.


I wasn't kissing her, I was whispering in her mouth.
		-- Chico Marx


They call them "squares" because it's the
most complicated shape they can deal with.


Texas A&M football coach Jackie Sherrill went to the office of the Dean
of Academics because he was concerned about his players' mental abilities.
"My players are just too stupid for me to deal with them", he told the
unbelieving dean.  At this point, one of his players happened to enter
the dean's office.  "Let me show you what I mean", said Sherrill, and he
told the player to run over to his office to see if he was in.  "OK, Coach",
the player replied, and was off.  "See what I mean?" Sherrill asked.
"Yeah", replied the dean.  "He could have just picked up this phone and
called you from here."


Lady, lady, should you meet
One whose ways are all discreet,
One who murmurs that his wife
Is the lodestar of his life,
One who keeps assuring you
That he never was untrue,
Never loved another one...
Lady, lady, better run!
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Social Note"


	Chapter VIII
Due to the convergence of forces beyond his comprehension,
Salvatore Quanucci was suddenly squirted out of the universe
like a watermelon seed, and never heard from again.


A Texan, impressing the hell out of a Bostonian with tales about the heroes
of the Alamo, commented, "I'll bet you never had anyone that brave around
*Boston*."
	"Ever hear of Paul Revere?", snarled the Bostonian.
	"Paul Revere?", pondered the Texan.  "Isn't he the guy who ran for
help?"


Politics and the fate of mankind are formed by men without ideals and
without greatness. Those who have greatness within them do not go in
for politics.
		-- Albert Camus


Brokee, n.:
	Someone who buys stocks on the advice of a broker.


We have gone on piling weapon upon weapon, missile upon missile, new
levels of destructiveness upon old ones.  We have done this helplessly,
almost involuntarily: like the victims of some sort of hypnotism, like
men in a dream, like lemmings heading for the sea, like the children of
Hamelin marching blindly along behind their Pied Piper.  And the result
is that today we have achieved, we and the Russians together, in the
creation of these devices and their means of delivery, levels of
redundancy of such grotesque dimensions as to defy rational understanding.
		-- George Kennan, May 19, 1981


My God, I'm depressed!  Here I am, a computer with a mind a thousand times
as powerful as yours, doing nothing but cranking out fortunes and sending
mail about softball games.  And I've got this pain right through my ALU.
I've asked for it to be replaced, but nobody ever listens.  I think it
would be better for us both if you were to just log out again.


Physicists do it with charm.


The avocation of assessing the failures of better men can be turned
into a comfortable livelihood, providing you back it up with a Ph.D.
		-- Nelson Algren, "Writers at Work"


Sometimes guys'll say to you, "Have a good one."  I say, "I already have
a good one.  Now I'm looking for a longer one."
		-- George Carlin


A highly intelligent man should take a primitive woman.  Imagine if on top
of everything else, I had a woman who interfered with my work.
		-- Adolf Hitler


	A priest was walking along the cliffs at Dover when he came upon
two locals pulling another man ashore on the end of a rope.  "That's what
I like to see", said the priest, "A man helping his fellow man".
	As he was walking away, one local remarked to the other, "Well,
he sure doesn't know the first thing about shark fishing."


Capitalism is the extraordinary belief that the nastiest of men, for
the nastiest of reasons, will somehow work for the benefit of us all.
		-- John Maynard Keynes


