The honest female orgasm is three to fifteen rhythmic contractions of the
outer third of the vagina at .8 second intervals, which is approximately
the beat of "Surfing Safari" by the Beach Boys.  Unless these contractions
occur, you can regard her groaning, moaning, clawing, kicking, begging for
mercy, and shouting filthy religious epithets as bargain-basement histrionics.
		-- John Hughes, National Lampoon


Alimony is the high cost of leaving.


My Bonnie looked into a gas tank,
The height of its contents to see!
She lit a small match to assist her,
Oh, bring back my Bonnie to me.


A New Yorker is riding down the road in his new Mercedes.  So intent is he
on the cocaine in his hand he completely misses a turn and his car plunges
over the five-hundred-foot cliff to be smashed into pieces at the bottom.
As the on-lookers rush to the edge of the cliff they see him fifty feet
from the top of the cliff clinging to a stunted bush with all his strength.
"Dear Lord," he prays, "I never asked you for nothin' before, but I'm askin'
you now: Save me, Lord, save me."
	Booms the Lord: "LET GO OF THE BRANCH."
	"But Lord, if I do that, I'll fall!"
	"TRUST ME, LET GO OF THE BRANCH."
	"But Lord, I'm gonna fall and die..."
	"TRUST ME TO SAVE YOU.  LET GO OF THE BRANCH."
	Okay, Lord, I'll trust you, here I...  here I go!"  And he falls
to his death.
	"DUMB YANKEE."


We are the people our parents warned us about.


	Three women and Feldstein were brought before the presiding judge.
The women had been arrested for soliciting and he'd been was arrested for
selling ties without a license.  "What do you do for a living?" the judge
asked, pointing at the first girl.
	"Your honor, I'm a model," she replied.
	"Thirty days," was the sentence.  The judge turned to the second
girl.  "What do you do for a living?" he asked.
	"Your honor, I'm an actress."
	"Thirty days."  Then he turned to the third girl.  "And how about
you?" he demanded.
	"Well, your honor, I'm a prostitute.  I'm not proud of it, but it's
the only way I can support my mother and my children since my husband's been
laid off."
	"For telling the truth," he said, "I'm going to suspend sentence.
Furthermore, here's $100 to help your family out."  Now he turns to Feldstein,
arrested for selling ties illegally.  "And you," he said, "what do you do
for a living?"
	"Your honor, I'm a prostitute.  I'm not proud..."


At about 2500 A.D., humankind discovers a computer problem that *must* be
solved.  The only difficulty is that the problem is NP complete and will
take thousands of years even with the latest optical biologic technology
available.  The best computer scientists sit down to think up some solution.
In great dismay, one of the C.S. people tells her husband about it.  There
is only one solution, he says.  Remember physics 103, Modern Physics, general
relativity and all.  She replies, "What does that have to do with solving
a computer problem?"
	"Remember the twin paradox?"
	After a few minutes, she says, "I could put the computer on a very
fast machine and the computer would have just a few minutes to calculate but
that is the exact opposite of what we want... Of course!  Leave the
computer here, and accelerate the earth!"
	The problem was so important that they did exactly that.  When
the earth came back, they were presented with the answer:

	IEH032 Error in JOB Control Card.


Support wildlife -- vote for an orgy.


It's more than magnificent -- it's mediocre.
		-- Sam Goldwyn


Passion is that funny feeling that drives a man to
bite a woman's neck because she has beautiful legs.


Prostitution is the only business where you can go into the hole and
still come out ahead.


Make it myself?  But I'm a physical organic chemist!


I bet you think you're pretty cool driving around without auto insurance.
You're probably saying to yourself, "I'm beating the system."  But what's
going to happen when you get pulled over and lose your license because
you're not insured.  What girl's going to ride shotgun on a ten-speed on
a Saturday Night?  Yeah, you're going to be beating more than the system...
		-- auto insurance ad, heard on KNAC, Long Beach


		'Twas the Night before Crisis

'Twas the night before crisis, and all through the house,
	Not a program was working not even a browse.
The programmers were wrung out too mindless to care,
	Knowing chances of cutover hadn't a prayer.
The users were nestled all snug in their beds,
	While visions of inquiries danced in their heads.
When out in the lobby there arose such a clatter,
	I sprang from my tube to see what was the matter.
And what to my wondering eyes should appear,
	But a Super Programmer, oblivious to fear.
More rapid than eagles, his programs they came,
	And he whistled and shouted and called them by name;
On Update!  On Add!  On Inquiry!  On Delete!
	On Batch Jobs!  On Closing!  On Functions Complete!
His eyes were glazed over, his fingers were lean,
	From Weekends and nights in front of a screen.
A wink of his eye, and a twist of his head,
	Soon gave me to know I had nothing to dread...


Lemme show ya the odds, Sparky...  In yer country, ya got 14 million
black people, and 3 million white people.  Now, does the name "Custer"
mean anything to you?
		-- Robin Williams, portraying Lester Maddox talking to
		   Prime Minister Botha of South Africa.


I went to my first computer conference at the New York Hilton about 20
years ago.  When somebody there predicted the market for microprocessors
would eventually be in the millions, someone else said, "Where are they
all going to go? It's not like you need a computer in every doorknob!"

Years later, I went back to the same hotel.  I noticed the room keys had
been replaced by electronic cards you slide into slots in the doors.

There was a computer in every doorknob.
		-- Danny Hillis


If God had wanted us to be concerned for the plight of the toads, he would
have made them cute and furry.
		-- Dave Barry


Keep your mouth shut and people will think you stupid;
Open it and you remove all doubt.


	What is involved in such [close] relationships is a form of emotional
chemistry, so far unexplained by any school of psychiatry I am aware of, that
conditions nothing so simple as a choice between the poles of attraction and
repulsion.  You can meet some people thirty, forty times down the years, and
they remain amiable bystanders, like the shore lights of towns that a sailor
passes at stated times but never calls at on the regular run.  Conversely,
all considerations of sex aside, you can meet some other people once or twice
and they remain permanent influences on your life.
	Everyone is aware of this discrepancy between the acquaintance seen
as familiar wallpaper or instant friend.  The chemical action it entails is
less worth analyzing than enjoying.  At any rate, these six pieces are about
men with whom I felt an immediate sympat - to use a coining of Max Beerbohm's
more satisfactory to me than the opaque vogue word "empathy".
		-- Alistair Cooke, "Six Men"


It is a sad commentary on today's society that this fortune has to be
classified as "offensive" simply because it contains the word "fuck".


Shick's Law:
	There is no problem a good miracle can't solve.


"I don't understand," said the scientist, "why you lemmings all rush down
to the sea and drown yourselves."

"How curious," said the lemming. "The one thing I don't understand is why
you human beings don't."
		-- James Thurber


Excessive login or logout messages are a sure sign of senility.


I am the wandering glitch -- catch me if you can.


The REVERSE function works on the opposite SEXPR.


Losing your drivers' license is just
God's way of saying "BOOGA, BOOGA!"


It is so very hard to be an on-your-own-take-care-of-
yourself-because-there-is-no-one-else-to-do-it-for-you grown up.


It is not a good omen when goldfish commit suicide.


Nothing is finished until the paperwork is done.


There are two jazz musicians who are great buddies.  They hang out and play
together for years, virtually inseparable.  Unfortunately, one of them is
struck by a truck and killed.  About a week later his friend wakes up in
the middle of the night with a start because he can feel a presence in the
room.  He calls out, "Who's there?  Who's there?  What's going on?"
	"It's me -- Bob," replies a faraway voice.
	Excitedly he sits up in bed.  "Bob!  Bob!  Is that you?  Where are
you?"
	"Well," says the voice, "I'm in heaven now."
	"Heaven!  You're in heaven!  That's wonderful!  What's it like?"
	"It's great, man.  I gotta tell you, I'm jamming up here every day.
I'm playing with Bird, and 'Trane, and Count Basie drops in all the time!
Man it is smokin'!"
	"Oh, wow!" says his friend. "That sounds fantastic, tell me more,
tell me more!"
	"Let me put it this way," continues the voice.  "There's good news
and bad news.  The good news is that these guys are in top form.  I mean
I have *never* heard them sound better.  They are *wailing* up here."
	"The bad news is that God has this girlfriend that sings..."


There once was a king who ruled his country long, wisely, and well.  The
king had a son whom he hoped would someday rule the land.  He also wished
in his heart that the son would be wise and compassionate.  One day he said
to the prince:
	"If you promised that you would give a certain woman anything, even
half of your kingdom, and then she demanded the life of your best friend,
what would your decision be, my son?"
	The young prince thought for a moment and then said, "I would tell
her that the life of my best friend did not lie in the half of the kingdom
that I had promised."
	The king knew that his son would be a great king.


Where the hell is Wall Drug?


Mrs. Johnson had a very beautiful and intelligent parrot.  He had just one
problem: He liked to fuck Mr. Hawkins' chickens.  Mrs. Johnson scolded him
time and time again, but he would just laugh at her.  Finally, she told him
that if he did it again, she would cut off all of the feathers on the top of
his head.  Well, he resisted the urge for a week, but one day, he just
couldn't resist going next door.  Besides, he figured she was bluffing.
	Well, Mr. Hawkins came over, ranting and raving about how the parrot
had been fucking his chickens again.  Mrs. Johnson didn't say a word, just
took out her scissors and cut off all of the parrot's head feathers.
	That night, Mrs. Johnson had a big party at her house.  Before it
started, she took the parrot and put him on top of the piano by the front
door.  "Since you disobeyed me today, you have to stay here on the piano
tonight.  Now, don't you dare move."
	Well, the parrot was pretty pissed off about having his head bare,
and he wasn't too happy about having to spend the whole evening on the piano.
Still, as he usually did, when the butler would announce the guests as they
arrived, he would say hello to them.  Just then, two bald-headed men came to
the door.
	Before the butler could say anything, the parrot yelled, "Okay, you
chicken-fuckers, up here on the piano with me!"


Lensmen eat Jedi for breakfast.


Take a lesson from the whale; the only time
he gets speared is when he raises to spout.


If what they've been doing hasn't solved the problem, tell them to
do something else.
		-- Gerald Weinberg, "The Secrets of Consulting"


Never fly under a seagull - they'll shit on your airplane.
		-- Gordon Cooper


Coitus upon a cadaver
Is the ultimate way you can have 'er.
	Her inanimate state
	Means a man needn't wait,
And eliminates all the palaver.


Bierman's Laws of Contracts:
	(1) In any given document, you can't cover all the "what if's".
	(2) Lawyers stay in business resolving all the unresolved "what if's".
	(3) Every resolved "what if" creates two unresolved "what if's".


Weinberg's Principle:
	An expert is a person who avoids the small errors while sweeping
	on to the grand fallacy.


If women ran the military complex, would the missiles be shaped differently?


It may be that your whole purpose in life
is simply to serve as a warning to others.


	"What was the worst thing you've ever done?"
	"I won't tell you that, but I'll tell you the worst thing that
ever happened to me... the most dreadful thing."
		-- Peter Straub, "Ghost Story"


If you were attacked by a homosexual, would you beat him off?


Of all the animals, the boy is the most unmanageable.
		-- Plato


I was born because it was a habit in those days, people didn't know
anything else ... I was not a Child Prodigy, because a Child Prodigy is
a child who knows as much when it is a child as it does when it grows
up.
		-- Will Rogers


Some of you ... may have decided that, this year, you're going to
celebrate it the old-fashioned way, with your family sitting around
stringing cranberries and exchanging humble, handmade gifts, like on
"The Waltons".  Well, you can forget it.  If everybody pulled that kind
of subversive stunt, the economy would collapse overnight.  The
government would have to intervene: it would form a cabinet-level
Department of Holiday Gift-Giving, which would spend billions and
billions of tax dollars to buy Barbie dolls and electronic games, which
it would drop on the populace from Air Force jets, killing and maiming
thousands.  So, for the good of the nation, you should go along with
the Holiday Program.  This means you should get a large sum of money
and go to a mall.
		-- Dave Barry, "Christmas Shopping: A Survivor's Guide"


Body by Nautilus, Brain by Mattel.


Most rock journalism is people who can't write interviewing people who
can't talk for people who can't read.
		-- Frank Zappa


If little else, the brain is an educational toy.
		-- Tom Robbins


There are more old drunkards than old doctors.


Be different: conform.


A man is walking along when he sees a funeral procession going by, the
longest procession he's ever seen.  It seems to consist of the hearse,
followed by a man with a Doberman on a leash, followed by several hundred
other men.  After watching for a few minutes, he can restrain his curiosity
no longer, and walks up to one of the mourners.
	"Excuse me, sir, I don't mean to bother you in your moment of grief,
but this is the strangest procession I've ever seen.  What happened, who is
the funeral for?"
	"Well, it's nothing special, really, the funeral is for the mother-
in-law of the man at the front of the procession.  You see, his Doberman
attacked and killed her."
	"That's awful!", replies the onlooker.  "But... um... tell me, you
don't think he'd let me borrow that dog, do you?"
	"Get in line, buddy," replies the mourner, "get in line."


Dear Mr. Seldes:  I cannot remember the exact wording of the statement
to which you allude; but what I meant was that ... a man who calls
himself a 100% American and is proud of it, is generally 150% an idiot
politically.  But the designations may be good business for war
veterans.  Having bled for their country in 1861 and 1918, they have
bled it all they could consequently.  And why not?
		-- George Seldes, "The Great Quotations"


Scintillation is not always identification for an auric substance.


She has an alarm clock and a phone that don't ring - they applaud.


It is one thing to praise discipline, and another to submit to it.
		-- Cervantes


A computer without COBOL and Fortran is like a piece of chocolate
cake without ketchup and mustard.


SUNSET:
	Pronounced atmospheric scattering of shorter wavelengths,
	resulting in selective transmission below 650 nanometers with
	progressively reducing solar elevation.


Democracy becomes a government of bullies, tempered by editors.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


A sense of desolation and uncertainty, of futility, of the baselessness
of aspirations, of the vanity of endeavor, and a thirst for a life giving
water which seems suddenly to have failed, are the signs in consciousness
of this necessary reorganization of our lives.

It is difficult to believe that this state of mind can be produced by the
recognition of such facts as that unsupported stones always fall to the
ground.
		-- J. W. N. Sullivan


Is it just me, or does anyone else read "bible humpers" every time
someone writes "bible thumpers?"
		-- Joel M. Snyder, jms@mis.arizona.edu


Everyone:	"Australia, Australia, Australia, Australia, we love you,
		Amen!"
Bruce:		"Another two!  (Bottles opening.)  Any questions?"
Bruce:		"New-Bruce, are you a Poofter?"
Bruce:		"Are you a Poofter?"
New-Bruce:	"No!"
Bruce:		"No.  Right, I just want to remind you of the faculty rules:
	Rule One!"
Everyone:	"NO POOFTERS!"
Bruce:		"Rule Two, no member of the faculty is to maltreat the Abbos
	in any way at all -- if there's anybody watching.  Rule Three?"
Everyone:	"NO POOFTERS!"
Bruce:		"Rule Four, now this term, I don't want to catch anybody not
	drinking.  Rule Five..."
Everyone:	"NO POOFTERS!"
Bruce:		"Rule Six, there is NO... Rule Six.  Rule Seven..."
Everyone:	"NO POOFTERS!"
Bruce:		"Right, that concludes the readin' of the rules, Bruce.  This
	here's the wattle, the emblem of our land. You can stick it in a
	bottle, you can hold it in your hand.  Amen!
		-- Monty Python


It is said an Eastern monarch once charged his wise men to invent him a
sentence to be ever in view, and which should be true and appropriate
in all times and situations.  They presented him the words: "And this,
too, shall pass away."
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Computers will not be perfected until they can compute how much more
than the estimate the job will cost.


This land is my land, and only my land,
I've got a shotgun, and you ain't got one,
If you don't get off, I'll blow your head off,
This land is private property.
		-- Apologies to Woody Guthrie


In buying horses and taking a wife
shut your eyes tight and commend yourself to God.


To be considered successful, a woman must be much better at her job
than a man would have to be.  Fortunately, this isn't difficult.


Magnocartic, adj.:
	Any automobile that, when left unattended, attracts shopping
	carts.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Quickie, n.:
	A moment's piece.


	Out on the great American desert one day, a bald eagle reached a
state of great libidal distress.  Pickings were slim, but in time, he saw a
dove flying by.  "Better than nothin'", he muttered (birds in jokes can mutter)
and swooped down, grabbed the dove and flew to his nest.  Feathers flew, and
eventually the dove tottered to the edge of the cliff and shouted (yes, they
shout, too):
	"I'm a dove!  I've been loved!  And I LIKE it!"
	Well, this took care of the old boy for a while but soon enough he
was at it again.  All he could find was a lark, so away he went, and feathers
flew and soon the lark tottered to the edge of the cliff and shouted:
	"I'm a lark!  I've been sparked!  And I LIKE it!"
	As you can guess, some time later our friend was again in need of
amor... lib... you know!  This time, all that happened by was... a duck!
So down he swooped, and feathers flew, and the next thing seen is the duck
tottering to the cliffside and shouting:
	"I'M A DRAKE!  THERE'S BEEN A MISTAKE!  AND I DON'T LIKE IT!!!


Seems like these four rabbis had a series of theological arguments, and three
were always in accord against the fourth.  One day, the odd rabbi out, with
the usual "3 to 1, majority rules" statement that signified that he had lost
again, decided to appeal to a higher authority.  "Oh, God!" he cried.  "I
know in my heart that I am right and they are wrong!  Please show me a sign,
so they too will know that I understand Your laws."
	It was a beautiful, sunny day.  As soon as the rabbi finished his
plaint, a storm cloud moved across the sky above the four.  It rumbled once
and dissolved.  "A sign from God!  See, I'm right, I knew it!"  But the other
three disagreed, pointing out that stormclouds form on hot days.
	So he asked again: "Oh, God, I need a bigger sign to show that I am
right and they are wrong.  So please, God, a bigger sign."
	This time four stormclouds appeared, rushed toward each other to form
one big cloud, and a bolt of lightning knocked down a tree ten feet away from
the rabbis.  The cloud dispersed at once.  "I told you I was right!" insisted
the loner, but the others insisted that nothing had happened that could not
be explained by natural causes.
	The insisting rabbi is all ready to ask for a *very big* sign when
just as he says "Oh God..." the sky turns pitch black, the earth shakes, and
a deep, booming voice intones, "HEEEEEEEE'S RIIIIIIIGHT!"
	The sky returns to normal.  The one rabbi puts his hands on his hips
and snarls, "Well?"  "Okay, okayyyy," replied another, "so now it's 3 to 2!"


The aim of a joke is not to degrade the human being but to remind him that
he is already degraded.
		-- George Orwell


The pleasure is transitory, the cost
prohibitive, and the position ridiculous.
		-- Disraeli, on sex


Hi!  You have reached 962-0129. None of us are here to answer the phone and
the cat doesn't have opposing thumbs, so his messages are illegible.  Please
leave your name and message after the beep...


Suppose for a moment that the automobile industry had developed at the same
rate as computers and over the same period:  how much cheaper and more
efficient would the current models be?  If you have not already heard the
analogy, the answer is shattering.  Today you would be able to buy a
Rolls-Royce for $2.75, it would do three million miles to the gallon, and
it would deliver enough power to drive the Queen Elizabeth II.  And if you
were interested in miniaturization, you could place half a dozen of them on
a pinhead.
		-- Christopher Evans


My only love sprung from my only hate!
Too early seen unknown, and known too late!
		-- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet"


Well, we've come full circle, Lord; I'd like to think there's some
higher meaning to all this.  It would certainly reflect well on you.


It is all right to hold a conversation,
but you should let go of it now and then.
		-- Richard Armour


Never promise more than you can perform.
		-- Publilius Syrus


If you already know what recursion is, just remember the answer.
Otherwise, find someone who is standing closer to Douglas Hofstadter
than you are; then ask him or her what recursion is.
		-- Andrew Plotkin


Anger kills as surely as the other vices.


We thrive on euphemism.  We call multi-megaton bombs "Peace-keepers", closet
size apartments "efficient" and incomprehensible artworks "innovative".  In
fact, "euphemism" has become a euphemism for "bald-faced lie".  And now, here
are the euphemisms so colorfully employed in Personal Ads:

EUPHEMISM			REALITY
-------------------		-------------------------
Excited about life's journey	No concept of reality
Spiritually evolved		Oversensitive
Moody				Manic-depressive
Soulful				Quiet manic-depressive
Poet				Boring manic-depressive
Sultry/Sensual			Easy
Uninhibited			Lacking basic social skills
Unaffected and earthy		Slob and lacking basic social skills
Irreverent			Nasty and lacking basic social skills
Very human			Quasimodo's best friend
Swarthy				Sweaty even when cold or standing still
Spontaneous/Eclectic		Scatterbrained
Flexible			Desperate
Aging child			Self-centered adult
Youthful			Over 40 and trying to deny it
Good sense of humor		Watches a lot of television


I *knew* I had some reason for not logging you off...
If I could just remember what it was.


UFO's are for real: the Air Force doesn't exist.


There is no choice before us.  Either we must Succeed in providing
the rational coordination of impulses and guts, or for centuries
civilization will sink into a mere welter of minor excitements.
We must provide a Great Age or see the collapse of the upward
striving of the human race.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead


Do you know the difference between education and experience?  Education
is when you read the fine print; experience is what you get when you don't.
		-- Pete Seeger


Life is not a cabaret.
It's a fucking circus.


Lookie, lookie, here comes cookie...
		-- Stephen Sondheim


Celebrate Hannibal Day this year.  Take an elephant to lunch.


Your chances of getting hit by lightning go up if you stand under a tree,
shake your fist at the sky, and say, "Storms suck!"
		-- Johnny Carson


It isn't necessary to have relatives in Kansas City in order to be
unhappy.
		-- Groucho Marx


Me father makes book on the corner,
Me mother makes second hand gin,
Me sister makes love for a dollar,
And that's how the money rolls in!

	Rolls in, rolls in, just look how the money rolls in!
		(Rolls in!)
	Rolls in, rolls in, just look how the money rolls in!

Me father sells cheap prophylactics,
Me mum pokes the tips with a pin,
Me sister performs the abortions,
And that's how the money rolls in!

Me uncle's a poor missionary,
He saves fallen women from sin.
He'll save you a blonde for five dollars,
And that's how the money rolls in.


Never eat at a place called Mom's.  Never play cards with a man named Doc.
And never lie down with a woman who's got more troubles than you.
		-- Nelson Algren, "What Every Young Man Should Know"


Real software engineers don't debug programs, they verify correctness.
This process doesn't necessarily involve execution of anything on a
computer, except perhaps a Correctness Verification Aid package.


Hatcheck girl:
	"Goodness!  What lovely diamonds!"
Mae West:
	"Goodness had nothin' to do with it, dearie."
		-- "Night After Night", 1932


What you want, what you're hanging around in the world waiting for, is for
something to occur to you.
		-- Robert Frost

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to AST's.]


Q:	What is the last thing a Kansas stripper takes off?
A:	Her bowling shoes.


You may not be able to judge a book by its cover, but
you sure as hell can tell how much it's going to cost.


The Italian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest, "I Can't Get No
Contraception", has been withdrawn after the Pope advised them to
pull it out at the last minute.
		-- Not the Nine O'Clock News


I'm not offering myself as an example;
every life evolves by its own laws.


To love is good, love being difficult.


It's hard to keep a good girl down -- but lots of fun trying.


God is not dead!  He's alive and autographing bibles at Cody's.


Ring around the collar.


	A musician of more ambition than talent composed an elegy at
the death of composer Edward MacDowell.  She played the elegy for the
pianist Josef Hoffman, then asked his opinion.  "Well, it's quite
nice," he replied, but don't you think it would be better if..."
	"If what?" asked the composer.
	"If ... if you had died and MacDowell had written the elegy?"


In the war of wits, he's unarmed.


Television -- the longest amateur night in history.
		-- Robert Carson


It has been said that Public Relations is the art of winning friends
and getting people under the influence.
		-- Jeremy Tunstall


'Scuse me, while I kiss the sky!
		-- Robert James Marshall (Jimi) Hendrix


You will have long and healthy life.


	"How did you spend the weekend?" asked the pretty brunette secretary
of her blonde companion.
	"Fishing through the ice," she replied.
	"Fishing through the ice?  Whatever for?"
	"Olives."


Give thought to your reputation.
Consider changing your name and moving to a new town.


It is better for civilization to be going down the drain than to be
coming up it.
		-- Henry Allen


Oregon, n.:
	Eighty billion gallons of water with no place to go on Saturday
night.


Love thy neighbor as thyself, but choose your neighborhood.
		-- Louise Beal


Masturbation is the thinking man's television.
		-- Christopher Hampton


Sorry 'bout that sweat, honey.  That's just holy water.
		-- Little Richard


All intelligent species own cats.


FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #5

	Don't wear your spurs while making love in a waterbed.


My advice to you, my violent friend, is to seek out gold and sit on it.
		-- The Dragon to Grendel, in John Gardner's "Grendel"


One Bell System - it used to work before they installed the Dimension!


It's lucky you're going so slowly, because
you're going in the wrong direction.


I am firm.  You are obstinate.  He is a pig-headed fool.
		-- Katharine Whitehorn


Corry's Law:
	Paper is always strongest at the perforations.


There has been a little distress selling on the stock exchange.
		-- Thomas W. Lamont, October 29, 1929


Impartial, adj.:
	Unable to perceive any promise of personal advantage from
	espousing either side of a controversy or adopting either of two
	conflicting opinions.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Afternoon very favorable for romance.  Try a single person for a change.


