-- Scintillate, scintillate, asteroid minikin.
-- Members of an avian species of identical plumage congregate.
-- Surveillance should precede saltation.
-- Pulchritude possesses solely cutaneous profundity.
-- It is fruitless to become lachrymose over precipitately departed
	lacteal fluid.
-- Freedom from incrustations of grime is contiguous to rectitude.
-- It is fruitless to attempt to indoctrinate a superannuated
	canine with innovative maneuvers.
-- Eschew the implement of correction and vitiate the scion.
-- The temperature of the aqueous content of an unremittingly
	galled saucepan does not reach 212 degrees Fahrenheit.


The rules are rather simple to understand:  Under democracy you
can defend any view, but only defend it.  You can not try to realize
it through power, violence or weapons.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


The Marines:
	The few, the proud, the not very bright.


Serenity through viciousness.


"Algorithms" is an anagram for "Hilt orgasm".  Maybe this explains
the popularity of this field of study in computer science.


To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
		-- Thomas Edison


Don't worry about the world coming to an end today.
It's already tomorrow in Australia.
		-- Charles Schultz


Speer's 1st Law of Proofreading:
	The visibility of an error is inversely proportional to the
number of times you have looked at it.


There's a man deeply in debt, see, and he takes the money he has left
and goes to Monte Carlo to try to recoup at the roulette tables.  Won a
little, lost a lot, and was down to his last franc.  Prayed for help.
A voice whispered in his ear: "Le rouge..."  Man looked around; nobody
there.  What the hell -- he puts his last franc on the red, and it won.
The voice immediately said, "Encore le rouge..."  Played red again, and
it won again.  The voice said, "Impair..."  Played odd, and it won.  Voice
said, "Quinze..." so he put all the money on 15, and it won.  This went
on for hours, the voice telling him what to bet, and the man putting all
his money on what the voice said, and winning.  Finally when the voice
spoke, the man protested that he'd won millions of dollars and wanted to
quit.  The voice was inexorable: "Douze..."  The man put the money on 12,
and 11 came up -- he had lost everything -- the voice murmured "Merde!!"


Since a politician never believes what he says, he is surprised
when others believe him.
		-- Charles DeGaulle


Chinese saying: "He who speak with forked tongue, not need chopsticks."


May a Misguided Platypus lay its Eggs in your Jockey Shorts


Ruth made a great mistake when he gave up pitching.  Working once a week,
he might have lasted a long time and become a great star.
		-- Tris Speaker, commenting on Babe Ruth's plan to change
		   from being a pitcher to an outfielder.
		   Cerf/Navasky, "The Experts Speak"


The bank sent our statement this morning,
The red ink was a sight of great awe!
Their figures and mine might have balanced,
But my wife was too quick on the draw.


Documentation is like sex:  when it is good, it is very,
very good; and when it is bad, it is better than nothing.
		-- Dick Brandon


In this world some people are going to like me and some are not.
So, I may as well be me.  Then I know if someone likes me, they like me.


By long-standing tradition, I take this opportunity to savage other
designers in the thin disguise of good, clean fun.
		-- P. J. Plauger, "Computer Language", 1988, April
		   Fool's column.


Couldn't we jury-rig the cat to act as an audio switch, and have it yell
at people to save their core images before logging them out?  I'm sure
the cattle prod would be effective in this regard.  In any case, a traverse
mounted iguana, while more perverted, gives better traction, not to mention
being easier to stake.


				FROM THE DESK OF
				Snow White

Dear Snow White:

	Thanks for last night.

		Sleepy, Doc, Grumpy, Sneezy, Happy, Dopey, Bashful


Q:	What's buried in Grant's tomb?
A:	A corpse.


No man would listen to you talk if he didn't know it was his turn next.
		-- Edgar W. Howe


Take a look around you, tell me what you see,
A girl who thinks she's ordinary lookin' she has got the key.
If you can get close enough to look into her eyes
There's something special right behind the bitterness she hides.
	And you're fair game,
	You never know what she'll decide, you're fair game,
	Just relax, enjoy the ride.
Find a way to reach her, make yourself a fool,
But do it with a little class, disregard the rules.
'Cause this one knows the bottom line, couldn't get a date.
The ugly duckling striking back, and she'll decide her fate.
	(chorus)
The ones you never notice are the ones you have to watch.
She's pleasant and she's friendly while she's looking at your crotch.
Try your hand at conversation, gossip is a lie,
And sure enough she'll take you home and make you wanna die.
	(chorus)
		-- Crosby, Stills, Nash, "Fair Game"


A businessman was awe-struck by the beautiful redhead at the hotel bar.
Seeing his interest, she quietly informed him that she was a prostitute
and that her price was $500.  He was taken aback by the price, but after
a few minutes of thought he took her up to his room.  She spent a few
minutes in the bathroom and was shocked when she came out to see him
masturbating furiously on the bed.  "What are you doing?", she asked.
	"Baby, for $500, you're not going to get the easy one!"


Moebius always does it on the same side.


Man who keep money in jockstrap has financial matters all balled up.


The local minister noticed a little girl standing outside of his
door with a basket of kittens.
	"Hello, little girl, what do you have there?"
	"These are my Democratic kittens," she replied.
Amused, the pastor said nothing.  Two weeks later he saw the same little
girl with (apparently) the same basket of kittens.
	"My, I see you still have your Democratic kittens.", he said.
	"No, you see, these are Republican kittens," she answered.
	"Two weeks ago they were Democratic kittens," he replied, puzzled.
	"Two weeks ago they had their eyes closed."


Thou hast seen nothing yet.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


They make a desert and call it peace.
		-- Tacitus (55?-120?)


A tall, dark stranger will have more fun than you.


Mix a little foolishness with your serious plans;
it's lovely to be silly at the right moment.
		-- Horace


Come home America.
		-- George McGovern, 1972


Encyclopedia Salesmen:
	Invite them all in.  Nip out the back door.  Phone the police
	and tell them your house is being burgled.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


He who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish last.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#2

Desserts:
	A woman will generally admire an ornate dessert for the artistic
work it is, praising its creator and waiting a suitable interval before
she reluctantly takes a small sliver off one edge.  A man will start by
grabbing the cherry in the center.

Car repair:
	The average man thinks his Y chromosome contains complete repair
manuals for every car made since World War II.  He will work on a problem
himself until it either goes away or turns into something that "can't be
fixed without special tools".
	The average woman thinks "that funny thump-thump noise" is an
accurate description of an automotive problem.  She will, however, have the
car serviced at the proper intervals and thereby incur fewer problems than
the average man.


His super power is to turn into a scotch terrier.


Masturbation, n.:
	Coming unscrewed.


He who dares the wrong, acts right, that's how it happens!
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Priority:
	A statement of the importance of a user or a program.  Often
	expressed as a relative priority, indicating that the user doesn't
	care when the work is completed so long as he is treated less
	badly than someone else.


No job too big; no fee too big!
		-- Dr. Peter Venkman, "Ghostbusters"


The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep.
		-- W. C. Fields


A bird in the hand makes it awfully hard to blow your nose.


Misfortune, n.:
	The kind of fortune that never misses.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Never have children, only grandchildren.
		-- Gore Vidal


The Great Movie Posters:

HOT STEEL BETWEEN THEIR LEGS!
		-- The Cycle Savages (1969)

The Hand that Rocks the Cradle...  Has no Flesh on It!
		-- Who Slew Auntie Roo? (1971)

TWO GREAT BLOOD HORRORS TO RIP OUT YOUR GUTS!
		-- I Eat Your Skin & I Drink Your Blood (1971 double-bill)

They Went In People and Came Out Hamburger!
		-- The Corpse Grinders (1971)


Rainy days and Mondays always get me down.


DATA:
	Computerspeak for "information".  Properly pronounced
	the way Bostonians pronounce the word for a female child.


	"My God!  Are we sure he was a liberal?"
	"Pretty sure.  They pulled him from a Volvo."


Don't shoot until you're sure you both aren't on the same side.


Howe's Law:
	Everyone has a scheme that will not work.


He's been like a father to me,
He's the only DJ you can get after three,
I'm an all-night musician in a rock and roll band,
And why he don't like me I don't understand.
		-- The Byrds


	A novice was trying to fix a broken lisp machine by turning the
power off and on.  Knight, seeing what the student was doing spoke sternly,
"You cannot fix a machine by just power-cycling it with no understanding
of what is going wrong."  Knight turned the machine off and on.  The
machine worked.


Q:	What do you call a blind pre-historic animal?
A:	Diyathinkhesaurus.

Q:	What do you call a blind pre-historic animal with a dog?
A:	Diyathinkhesaurus Rex.


Q:	What's the difference between a hold-up and a stick-up?
A:	Age.


	Leslie West heads for the sticks, to Providence, Rhode Island and
tries to hide behind a beard.  No good.  There are still too many people
and too many stares, always taunting, always smirking.  He moves to the
outskirts of town. He finds a place to live -- huge mansion, dirt cheap,
caretaker included.  He plugs in his guitar and plays as loud as he wants,
day and night, and there's no one to laugh or boo or even look bored.
	Nobody's cut the grass in months.  What's happened to that caretaker?
What neighborhood people there are start to talk, and what kids there are
start to get curious.  A 13 year-old blond with an angelic face misses supper.
Before the summer's end, four more teenagers have disappeared.  The senior
class president, Barnard-bound come autumn, tells Mom she's going out to a
movie one night and stays out.  The town's up in arms, but just before the
police take action, the kids turn up.  They've found a purpose.  They go
home for their stuff and tell the folks not to worry but they'll be going
now.  They're in a band.
		-- Ira Kaplan


Life is a biochemical reaction to the stimulus of the surrounding
environment in a stable ecosphere, while a bowl of cherries is a
round container filled with little red fruits on sticks.


The Utah version of this joke goes:
	One of the Council of the Twelve runs breathlessly into the Presidents'
office one day.  The President looks up and says "Brother, what is so important
that you ran all the way here, losing your breath?"
	The Council member finally regains his breath, and says "The Savior is
in the lobby!!"
	The President immediate starts for the door, crying "It has come!  The
prophecies are fulfilled!  We are all about to be uplifted!"
	The Council member says "Wait!  You didn't let me finish!  She's...
black, and SHE IS PISSED!"


NO OPIUM-SMOKING IN THE ELEVATORS
		-- sign in the Rand Hotel, New York, 1907


The ideas of economists and political philosophers, both when they
are right and when they are wrong, are more powerful than is generally
understood.  Indeed, the world is ruled by little else.
		-- John Maynard Keynes


Gossip, n.:
	Hearing something you like about someone you don't.
		-- Earl Wilson


"Necessity is the mother of invention" is a silly proverb.  "Necessity
is the mother of futile dodges" is much nearer the truth.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead


Instead of loving your enemies, treat your friends a little better.
		-- Edgar W. Howe


There were in this country two very large monopolies.  The larger of
the two had the following record: the Vietnam War, Watergate, double-
digit inflation, fuel and energy shortages, bankrupt airlines, and the
8-cent postcard.  The second was responsible for such things as the
transistor, the solar cell, lasers, synthetic crystals, high fidelity
stereo recording, sound motion pictures, radio astronomy, negative
feedback, magnetic tape, magnetic "bubbles", electronic switching
systems, microwave radio and TV relay systems, information theory, the
first electrical digital computer, and the first communications
satellite.  Guess which one got to tell the other how to run the
telephone business?


Delores breezed along the surface of her life like a flat stone forever
skipping along smooth water, rippling reality sporadically but oblivious
to it consistently, until she finally lost momentum, sank, and due to an
overdose of fluoride as a child which caused her to suffer from chronic
apathy, doomed herself to lie forever on the floor of her life as useless
as an appendix and as lonely as a five-hundred pound barbell in a
steroid-free fitness center.
		-- Winning sentence, 1990 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest


We are Microsoft.  Unix is irrelevant.
Openness is futile.  Prepare to be assimilated.


And so it was, later,
As the miller told his tale,
That her face, at first just ghostly,
Turned a whiter shade of pale.
		-- Procol Harum


But scientists, who ought to know
Assure us that it must be so.
Oh, let us never, never doubt
What nobody is sure about.
		-- Hilaire Belloc


C Code.
C Code Run.
Run, Code, RUN!
	PLEASE!!!!


UNFAIR COMPETITION:
	Selling cheaper than we do.


Paralysis through analysis.


All newspaper editorial writers ever do is come down from
the hills after the battle is over and shoot the wounded.


A guy walks into a bar, orders a beer, carries it to the bathroom and dumps it
into a urinal.  Over the course of the next few hours, he goes back to the bar
and repeats this sequence -- several times.  Finally the bartender got so
curious that he leaned over the bar and asked him what he was doing.
	Replied the customer, "Avoiding the middleman."


If I made peace with Russia today, I'd only attack her again tomorrow.  I
just couldn't help myself.
		-- Adolf Hitler


This is the way the world ends,
This is the way the world ends,
This is the way the world ends,
Not with a bang but with a whimper.
		-- T. S. Eliot, "The Hollow Men"


For perfect happiness, remember two things:
	(1) Be content with what you've got.
	(2) Be sure you've got plenty.


Contrary to popular belief, penguins are not the salvation of modern
technology.  Neither do they throw parties for the urban proletariat.


Politics is the ability to foretell what is going to happen tomorrow, next
week, next month and next year.  And to have the ability afterwards to
explain why it didn't happen.
		-- Winston Churchill


Love makes fools, marriage cuckolds, and patriotism malevolent imbeciles.
		-- Paul Leautaud, "Passe-temps"


Snow and adolescence are the only problems
that disappear if you ignore them long enough.


Hope is a waking dream.
		-- Aristotle


No man would listen to you talk if he didn't know it was his turn next.
		-- Edgar W. Howe


Ignorance is the Mother of Devotion.
		-- Robert Burton


On a clear disk you can seek forever.
		-- P. Denning


				FROM THE DESK OF
				Snow White

Dear Snow White:

	Thanks for last night.

		Sleepy, Doc, Grumpy, Sneezy, Happy, Dopey, Bashful


Buck-passing usually turns out to be a boomerang.


If he once again pushes up his sleeves in order to compute for 3 days
and 3 nights in a row, he will spend a quarter of an hour before to
think which principles of computation shall be most appropriate.
		-- Voltaire, "Diatribe du docteur Akakia"


George Bernard Shaw once sent two tickets to the opening night of one of
his plays to Winston Churchill with the following note:
	"Bring a friend, if you have one."

Churchill wrote back, returning the two tickets and excused himself as he
had a previous engagement.  He also attached the following:
	"Please send me two tickets for the next night, if there is one."


Warning: Listening to WXRT on April Fools' Day is not recommended for
those who are slightly disoriented the first few hours after waking
up.
		-- Chicago Reader 4/22/83


One of the worst of my many faults is that I'm too critical of myself.


PROBLEM DRINKER:
	A man who never buys.


The Worst Jury
	A murder trial at Manitoba in February 1978 was well advanced, when
one juror revealed that he was completely deaf and did not have the
remotest clue what was happening.
	The judge, Mr. Justice Solomon, asked him if he had heard any
evidence at all and, when there was no reply, dismissed him.
	The excitement which this caused was only equalled when a second
juror revealed that he spoke not a word of English.  A fluent French
speaker, he exhibited great surprised when told, after two days, that he
was hearing a murder trial.
	The trial was abandoned when a third juror said that he suffered
from both conditions, being simultaneously unversed in the English language
and nearly as deaf as the first juror.
	The judge ordered a retrial.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


If you're careful enough, nothing
bad or good will ever happen to you.


The great secret in life ... [is] not to open your letters for a fortnight.
At the expiration of that period you will find that nearly all of them have
answered themselves.
		-- Arthur Binstead


It is practically impossible to teach good programming to students that
have had a prior exposure to BASIC: as potential programmers they are
mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


The only people for me are the mad ones -- the ones who are mad to live,
mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time,
the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn
like fabulous yellow Roman candles.
		-- Jack Kerouac, "On the Road"


	The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy has a few things to say on
the subject of towels.
	Most importantly, a towel has immense psychological value.  For
some reason, if a non-hitchhiker discovers that a hitchhiker has his towel
with him, he will automatically assume that he is also in possession of a
toothbrush, washcloth, flask, gnat spray, space suit, etc., etc.  Furthermore,
the non-hitchhiker will then happily lend the hitchhiker any of these or
a dozen other items that he may have "lost".  After all, any man who can
hitch the length and breadth of the Galaxy, struggle against terrible odds,
win through and still know where his towel is, is clearly a man to be
reckoned with.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


(He opens a tolm and begins.)

	It says: "In the beginning was the Word."
	Already I am stopped.  It seems absurd.
	The Word does not deserve the highest prize,
	I must translate it otherwise.
	If I am well inspired and not blind.
	It says: "In the beginning was the Mind."
	Ponder that first line, wait and see,
	Lest you should write too hastily.
	Is the Mind the all-creating source?
	It ought to say: "In the beginning there was Force."
	Yet something warns me as I grasp the pen,
	That my translation must be changed again.
	The spirit helps me.  Now it is exact.
	I write: "In the beginning was the Act."
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, "Faust"


People who fight fire with fire usually end up with ashes.
		-- Abigail Van Buren


Many pages make a thick book, except for pocket Bibles which are on very
thin paper.


Whitehead's Law:
	The obvious answer is always overlooked.


Things Charles Darwin did not say:

Finches, eh? Seen one, seem 'em all.


Communists do it without class.


Lord, defend me from my friends; I can account for my enemies.
		-- Charles D'Hericault


Hindsight is always 20:20.
		-- Billy Wilder


Q:	What's red and covered with little dents?
A:	Snow White's cherry.


You have mail.


One thing I have no worry about is whether God exists.  But it has
occurred to me that God has Alzheimer's and has forgotten we exist.
		-- Jane Wagner, "The Search for Signs of Intelligent
		   Life in the Universe"


Andrea: Unhappy the land that has no heroes.
Galileo: No, unhappy the land that _n_e_e_d_s heroes.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "Life of Galileo"


I'm for peace -- I've yet to see a man wake up in the morning and say
"I've just had a good war."
		-- Mae West


Nietzsche says that we will live the same life, over and over again.
God -- I'll have to sit through the Ice Capades again.
		-- Woody Allen, "Hannah and Her Sisters"


It's not against any religion to want to dispose of a pigeon.
		-- Tom Lehrer


Why would anyone want to be called "Later"?


Let the meek inherit the earth -- they have it coming to them.
		-- James Thurber


You will triumph over your enemy.


A day without sunshine is like night.


The [Ford Foundation] is a large body of money
completely surrounded by people who want some.
		-- Dwight MacDonald


The Creation of the Universe was made possible by a grant from Texas
Instruments.
		-- Credits from the PBS program "The Creation of the Universe"


Dying is one of the few things that can be done as easily lying down.
		-- Woody Allen


Hardly a pure science, history is closer to animal husbandry than it is
to mathematics, in that it involves selective breeding.  The principal
difference between the husbandryman and the historian is that the
former breeds sheep or cows or such, and the latter breeds (assumed)
facts.  The husbandryman uses his skills to enrich the future; the
historian uses his to enrich the past.  Both are usually up to their
ankles in bullshit.
		-- Tom Robbins


See, these two penguins walked into a bar, which was really stupid, 'cause
the second one should have seen it.


C Code.
C Code Run.
Run, Code, RUN!
	PLEASE!!!!


If it takes a bloodbath, lets get it over with.  No more appeasement.
		-- Ronald Reagan


For I do not do the good I want, but the evil I do not want is what I do.
		-- Paul of Tarsus, (Saint Paul)


Volcanoes have a grandeur that is grim
And earthquakes only terrify the dolts,
And to him who's scientific
There is nothing that's terrific
In the pattern of a flight of thunderbolts!
		-- W. S. Gilbert, "The Mikado"


AQUARIUS (Jan.20 - Feb.18)
	You are the type of person who never has enough money to do what
	you want.  Don't expect things to get any better today, either.
	As a matter of fact they might get worse.  Intensify your
	relationship with your bank and any friends you have who might be
	able to lend you a few bucks.


Meade's Maxim:
Always remember that you are absolutely unique,
just like everyone else.


Everybody knows that the dice are loaded.  Everybody rolls with their
fingers crossed.  Everybody knows the war is over.  Everybody knows the
good guys lost.  Everybody knows the fight was fixed: the poor stay
poor, the rich get rich.  That's how it goes.  Everybody knows.

Everybody knows that the boat is leaking.  Everybody knows the captain
lied.  Everybody got this broken feeling like their father or their dog
just died.

Everybody talking to their pockets.  Everybody wants a box of chocolates
and long stem rose.  Everybody knows.

Everybody knows that you love me, baby.  Everybody knows that you really
do.  Everybody knows that you've been faithful, give or take a night or
two.  Everybody knows you've been discreet, but there were so many people
you just had to meet without your clothes.  And everybody knows.

And everybody knows it's now or never.  Everybody knows that it's me or you.
And everybody knows that you live forever when you've done a line or two.
Everybody knows the deal is rotten: Old Black Joe's still pickin' cotton
for you ribbons and bows.  And everybody knows.
		-- Leonard Cohen, "Everybody Knows"


CANCER (June 21 - July 22)
	This is a good time for those of you who are rich and happy,
	but a poor time for those of you born under this sign who are
	poor and unhappy.  To tell you the truth, any day is tough
	when you're poor and unhappy.


If you ever want to get anywhere in politics, my boy, you're going to
have to get a toehold in the public eye.


Most people deserve each other.
		-- Shirley


An honest tale speeds best being plainly told.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


Don't worry.  Life's too long.
		-- Vincent Sardi, Jr.


The Marines:
	The few, the proud, the not very bright.


You can fool some of the people all of the time,
and all of the people some of the time,
but you can make a fool of yourself anytime.


